Beyond the Pleasure Principle ( German : Jenseits des Lustprinzips ) is a 1920 essay by Sigmund Freud that marks a major turning point in his theoretical approach .
Greybeard is a science fiction novel by British author Brian Aldiss , published in 1964 .
The Age of the Ordinary ( Turkish : Aleladelik Çağı ) is the first of the `` Lost Generation '' series by the author , satirist and playwright , Hikmet Temel Akarsu ( born 1960 ) .
The Shakespeare Stealer is a 1998 historical fiction novel by Gary Blackwood .
The Monster Men is a 1913 science fiction novel written by American author Edgar Rice Burroughs under the working title `` Number Thirteen '' .
30 August 1940 - Awarded the Distinguished Flying Cross Flying Officer Carl Raymond Davis ( 90131 ) , Auxiliary Air Force :
Forrest O. Rednour ( 1923 - -1943 ) was a United States Coast Guardsman who received the Navy and Marine Corps Medal posthumously for his actions during World War II .
Roberts Ancāns ( 11 November 1919 -- 1 January 1982 ) was an Obersturmführer in the Waffen SS during World War II . He was awarded the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross , which was awarded to recognize extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership by Nazi Germany during World War II .
James Champion VC MSM ( 1834 -- 4 May 1904 ) was an English recipient of the Victoria Cross , the highest and most prestigious award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth forces .
Francis Potter ( 1594 - -1678 ) was an English painter , clergyman , Biblical commentator , and experimentalist , an early Fellow of the Royal Society .
Verda Erman was honored as a State Artist in 1971 , the year the honorary title was created .
Paul Ray Smith ( September 24 , 1969 -- April 4 , 2003 ) was a United States Army Sergeant First Class who posthumously received the Medal of Honor for his actions in Operation Iraqi Freedom .
Lt - Colonel Henry van Straubenzee DSO OBE ( 7 March 1914 -- 12 April 2002 ) was a British army officer who was awarded the Distinguished Service Order for leadership whilst commanding 12 Royal Tank Regiment , in Northern Italy , in 1944 , during the Second World War .
Stuart Rachels ( born September 26 , 1969 ) is an International Master of chess and the son of the philosopher James Rachels ( 1941 - -2003 ) .
Fiona Lowry ( born 1974 ) is an Australian artist who won the 2014 Archibald Prize with a portrait of Penelope Seidler .
Helmut Beck - Broichsitter ( 30 August 1914 -- 25 September 2000 ) was a Major i . G in the Wehrmacht during World War II . He was also a recipient of the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross ( German : Ritterkreuz des Eisernen Kreuzes ) .
`` Let Me Try '' was selected to represent Romania in the Eurovision Song Contest 2005 , where it managed to reach the third place and to score an amount of 158 points .
Simon van der Meer ( 24 November 1925 -- 4 March 2011 ) was a Dutch particle accelerator physicist who shared the Nobel Prize in Physics in 1984 with Carlo Rubbia for contributions to the CERN project which led to the discovery of the W and Z particles , two of the most fundamental constituents of matter .
Pull My Daisy was selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry by the Library of Congress in 1996 , as being `` culturally , historically , or aesthetically significant '' .
Bob Clifford has been awarded the Officer of the Order of Australia ( AO ) in 1995 , and an honorary Engineering degree ( DEng . )
Wilhelm Steinmann ( 12 January 1912 -- 1 August 1966 ) was a German Luftwaffe fighter ace and recipient of the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross during World War II .
Harriet Backer won a silver medal at the Exposition Universelle ( 1889 ) and received the King 's Medal of Merit in Gold ( Kongens fortjenstmedalje i gull ) in 1908 .
Ramachandra Babu 's first colour film ( Eastman Color ) was Dweep(1976 ) , directed by Ramu Kariat and it won him his first Kerala State Film Award for Best Cinematography .
Rear - Admiral Claude Congreve Dobson VC , DSO ( 1 January 1885 -- 26 June 1940 ) was an English recipient of the Victoria Cross , the highest and most prestigious award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth forces .
Amritlal Vegad was awarded in 2004 with Sahitya Akademi Award for his travelogue --
Jacques Borel ( 17 December 1925 in Paris -- 25 September 2002 ) is a French author best known for his 1965 novel L'Adoration ( translated into English as The Bond ) , which won the Prix Goncourt .
Taxi to the Dark Side is a 2007 documentary film directed by American filmmaker Alex Gibney , and produced by him , Eva Orner and Susannah Shipman , which won the 2007 Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature .
1 January 1964 - Vice - Admiral Arthur Allison Fitzroy Talbot , CB , DSO , is appointed a Knight Commander of the Order of the British Empire .
Okwiri Oduor ( born 1988/1989 ) is a Kenyan writer , who won the 2014 Caine Prize .
Anatoly Kvochur ( Russian : Анатолий Николаевич Квочур , tr . Anatoly Nikolaevich Kvochur ; IPA : ( ɐnɐˈtolʲɪj nʲɪkɐˈlajɪvʲɪtɕ kvʲɪˈtɕʉrʲ ) ; born April 16 , 1952 ) , is a Russian aerobatics pilot , a test pilot , and a Hero of the Russian Federation .
Mirror Dance won both the Hugo Award for Best Novel and the Locus Award for Best Science Fiction Novel in 1995 .
Hubert Brinkforth ( 15 April 1916 -- 5 June 1942 ) was a highly decorated Unteroffizier in the Wehrmacht during World War II . He was the first enlisted soldier to receive the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross ( German : Ritterkreuz des Eisernen Kreuzes ) .
Michael Roiz ( Russian : Михаил Ройз , born 12 October 1983 in Russia ) is an Israeli chess Grandmaster .
Noel Streatfeild was appointed an Officer of the Order of the British Empire ( OBE ) in 1983 .
In 2002 Bjørn Moe was awarded HM The King 's Medal of Merit in gold for his work with the choir .
In October , 2009 Yuanling Yuan was awarded the title of Woman International Master ( WIM ) , and remains the youngest Canadian in history to gain this title .
In recognition of the `` Nordland '' 's success Arnold Stoffers was awarded the German Cross in Gold .
Roderick MacKinnon ( born 19 February 1956 ) is a professor of Molecular Neurobiology and Biophysics at Rockefeller University who won the Nobel Prize in Chemistry together with Peter Agre in 2003 for his work on the structure and operation of ion channels .
Mark Bluvshtein ( born 20 April 1988 in Yaroslavl , Soviet Union ) is a Soviet - born Canadian chess player , a Grandmaster , who resides in Canada .
Nino Ramishvili ( 1910 - 2000 ) was a Georgian ballet dancer and master , the People 's Artist of the USSR and Georgia , and one of the best women performers of Georgian dance .
Esther Levit won the Israel Prize in 1977 for her special contribution to society .
Junhyong Kim 's honors include the Sloan Foundation Young Investigator Award , Yale Faculty Award , Visiting Fellow at the Newton Institute ( Cambridge University ) and IHES ( France ) , Ellison Medical Foundation Senior Scholar in Aging , and a Guggenheim Fellowship .
Lala VC ( 20 April 1876 -- 23 March 1927 ) was an Indian recipient of the Victoria Cross , the highest and most prestigious award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth soldiers .
Francis Ambrière ( September 27 , 1907 , Paris -- July 1 , 1998 ) was a French author who was selected for the Prix Goncourt in 1940 , for his book Les Grandes Vacances ; the prize was awarded in 1946 because of World War II .
Abraham de Fabert , marquis d'Esternay ( 11 October 1599 -- 17 May 1662 ) was a Marshal of France ,
Frode Elsness ( born June 15 , 1973 ) is a Norwegian chess player who holds the title of International Master , as well as the 2008 Norwegian Chess Championship .
Zsuzsa Verőci ( Hungarian pronunciation : ( ˈʒuʒɒ ˈvɛrøːtsi ) ; born February 19 , 1949 ) is a Hungarian chess Woman International Master ( 1969 ) and Woman Grandmaster ( 1978 ) .
Anatoli Papanov was honored as a People 's Artist of the USSR ( 1973 ) .
In 2003 ZENON Environmental was presented with the Stockholm Industry Water Award .
Abhijit Kunte ( born 3 March 1977 in Pune ) is an Indian chess Grandmaster .
Aleksandr Pavlovich Aleksandrov ( Russian : Александр Павлович Александров ; born February 20 , 1943 ) is a former Soviet cosmonaut and twice Hero of the Soviet Union ( November 23 , 1983 and December 29 , 1987 ) .
Jaan Ehlvest ( born 14 October 1962 ) is a chess player , who was awarded the title of Grandmaster by FIDE in 1987 and was named Estonian sportsman of the year in 1987 and 1989 .
In 1995 , Asif Bajwa received a Pride of Performance Award from the Government of Pakistan .
Leonard Birchall was also awarded the Distinguished Flying Cross ( DFC ) for his part in detecting the attack on Ceylon and for alerting the Allies during that 1942 flight .
Ewald von Lochow ( 1 April 1855 in Petkus -- 11 April 1942 in Berlin - Charlottenburg ) was a Prussian officer and later General of Infantry during World War I. He was a recipient of Pour le Mérite with Oakleaves .
Erich Jaschke ( 11 May 1890 -- 18 October 1961 ) was a General der Infanterie in the Wehrmacht during World War II , and one of only 882 recipients of the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves .
Amos Chapman ( 1839 - -1925 ) was a civilian scout who was awarded the Medal of Honor for gallantry while in service of the United States Army during the Indian Wars .
William John Donaldson ( born September 24 , 1958 , in Los Angeles ) is an International Master of chess .
Mythago Wood won the World Fantasy Award for Best Novel in 1985 .
Ioannis Papadopoulos ( born 1988 ) is a Greek chess player who holds the title of Grandmaster .
Michael Moore Hates America is a documentary film directed by Mike Wilson that criticizes the work of film director Michael Moore .
I Come in Peace ( originally produced and released internationally as Dark Angel ) is a 1990 American science fiction action film directed by Craig R. Baxley , and starring Dolph Lundgren , Brian Benben , Betsy Brantley and Matthias Hues .
Love on Delivery ( 破壞之王 ; aka . King of Destruction ) is a 1994 Hong Kong comedy film directed by Stephen Chow and Lee Lik - Chi , based on the Japanese manga Hakaiō Noritaka , starring Stephen Chow , Christy Chung and Ng Man Tat .
A Holiday with Piroschka ( German : Ferien mit Piroschka ) is a 1965 comedy film directed by Franz Josef Gottlieb and starring Marie Versini , Götz George and Dietmar Schönherr .
W.W. and the Dixie Dancekings is a 1975 film directed by John G. Avildsen , starring Burt Reynolds , and written by Thomas Rickman .
K. R. Vijaya as Karpagam Gemini Ganesan as Sundaram Muthuraman as Karpagam 's brother Savithri as Amutha S. V. Ranga Rao as Nallasivam V. K. Ramaswamy as Kanakupillai M. R. Radha as Thandavam
Miss Robin Crusoe is a 1954 Eastmancolor adventure film directed by Eugene Frenke , starring Amanda Blake , George Nader and Rosalind Hayes .
Los tigres del desierto ( `` The Desert Tigers '' ) is a 1960 Mexican comedy film starring Viruta and Capulina ( Marco Antonio Campos and Gaspar Henaine ) , Donna Behar , Lorena Velázquez , and Rodolfo Landa .
Road 47 ( Portuguese : A Estrada 47 ) is a 2013 drama film written and directed by Vicente Ferraz , based on real events , about Brazil 's involvement in World War II . The film stars Daniel de Oliveira , Richard Sammel , Sergio Rubini and Julio Andrade .
The Babymakers is a 2012 American comedy film directed by Jay Chandrasekhar , and starring Paul Schneider , Olivia Munn and Kevin Heffernan .
Courting Condi is a 2008 film by British filmmaker Sebastian Doggart that portrays the quest of a love - struck man , actor Devin Ratray , who wants to win the heart of US Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice .
All the Days Before Tomorrow is a 2007 American romantic comedy - drama film written and directed by François Dompierre and starring Alexandra Holden and Joey Kern .
Ek Se Bure Do is a 2009 Bollywood Black Comedy film directed by Tarique Khan and starring Arshad Warsi , Anita Hassanandani and Rajpal Yadav .
A Moment of Romance II is a 1993 Hong Kong action romance film directed by Benny Chan and starring Aaron Kwok and Jacklyn Wu .
The film stars debutant Jithan Ramesh , Pooja , R. Sarathkumar , Livingston and Kalabhavan Mani .
Bend It Like Beckham is a 2002 British - American - Indian - German romantic sports and Indian - themed comedy - drama family film starring Parminder Nagra , Keira Knightley , Jonathan Rhys Meyers , Anupam Kher , Shaznay Lewis and Archie Panjabi .
White T is a 2013 rap comedy film directed by Lance Frank and starring Jerod Mixon and Jamal Mixon .
The Return of Josey Wales is a 1986 film starring and directed by Michael Parks .
Not Quite Decent is a 1929 American Pre - Code early sound film or part - talkie , produced and distributed by Fox Film Corporation , directed by Irving Cummings , and starring June Collyer and Louise Dresser .
City in View ( German : Stadt in Sicht ) is a 1923 German silent drama film directed by Henrik Galeen and starring Harry Nestor , Edith Posca and Friedrich Traeger .
Beyond the Rainbow is a 1922 American silent drama film starring Billie Dove and Harry T. Morey .
The Great Locomotive Chase is a 1956 Walt Disney Productions CinemaScope adventure film based on the real Great Locomotive Chase that occurred in 1862 during the American Civil War .
Dead Man 's Eyes is a 1944 Inner Sanctum mystery film directed by Reginald Le Borg , and starring Lon Chaney , Jr. and Jean Parker .
Anna of Brooklyn ( Italian : Anna di Brooklyn ) is a 1958 comedy film by Italian directors Vittorio De Sica and Carlo Lastricati .
Tomorrow Is Forever is a 1946 black - and - white romance film distributed by RKO Radio Pictures , directed by Irving Pichel , starring Claudette Colbert , Orson Welles and George Brent .
Madeleine Renaud as Nell ' Mistigri ' Marignan Noël - Noël as Zamore Jean Debucourt as Dr. Chalabre André Dubosc as Marignan Jules Moy as Cormeau Simone Héliard as Fanny Magdeleine Bérubet as Madame Perache Ritou Lancyle Monique Rolland Janine Borelli Marie - Jacqueline Chantal André Randall André Simon Pedro Elviro Raymond Aimos Gustave Huberdeau
The Incredible Kung Fu Master ( Chinese : 肥龍功夫精 ) , also known as The Kung Fu Master ( Chinese : 醒目仔蠱惑招 ) is a 1979 martial arts action comedy film directed by Joe Cheung and starring Sammo Hung and Stephen Tung , the latter in his first leading role .
The Matrimony ( Chinese : 心中有鬼 ; literally : `` Ghost in Heart '' ) is a 2007 Chinese horror film directed by Hua - Tao Teng ( in Chinese:滕华涛,aka 滕华弢 ) and starring Leon Lai , Fan Bingbing , and Rene Liu .
Esprit d'amour is a 1983 Hong Kong supernatural romance film directed by Ringo Lam and starring Alan Tam , Shu - Chun Ni and Cecilia Yip .
Love in a Goldfish Bowl is a 1961 teen film directed by Jack Sher starring singing idols Tommy Sands and Fabian .
Exiled to Shanghai is a 1937 American comedy film directed by Nick Grinde and Armand Schaefer and starring Wallace Ford , June Travis , and Dean Jagger .
The Love Waltz is a 1930 German English language musical film directed by Carl Winston and starring Lilian Harvey , Georg Alexander and John Batten .
The Body in the Trunk is a 1914 American silent short drama film directed by John O ' Brien starring William Garwood and George Larkin .
The film stars Dharmendra , Savitri , Aruna Irani , Kishore Kumar , Rehman and Asit Sen. The music of the film is by Chitragupt , with lyrics by Majrooh Sultanpuri , featuring songs like `` Ganga Ki Lahren '' .
C.O.G. is an American drama film directed and written by Kyle Patrick Alvarez , and starring Jonathan Groff .
The Damned ( alternate title These Are the Damned ) is a 1963 British science fiction film starring Macdonald Carey , Shirley Anne Field and Oliver Reed .
Sand City is a 2015 Malayalam language Indian romantic thriller film directed by Shankar Panicker starring Prajin , Gautham Krishna , Thanishka , Varuna Shetty , Vinod Kumar ( VK ) , Jaise Jose , Jijesh Menon and himself .
Outside These Walls is a 1939 film starring Michael Whalen , Dolores Costello , Virginia Weidler , Selmer Jackson , and Don Beddoe .
Saaphalyam is a 1999 Indian Malayalam film , directed by GS Vijayan , starring Suresh Gopi and Sangita in the lead role .
Ferari Fauj is a 2002 Bengali - language Indian feature film directed by Prasanta Bal starring Mithun Chakraborty , Deboshree Roy , Indrani Haldar and Soumitra Chatterjee .
Doll Face is a 1945 American film directed by Lewis Seiler starring Vivian Blaine as `` Doll Face '' Carroll .
Utsab ( pronounced : Utshob ) ( The Festival ) ( 2000 ) is an Indian Bengali drama film directed by Rituparno Ghosh and stars Madhabi Mukherjee , Mamata Shankar , Rituparna Sengupta , Prasenjit Chatterjee , Pradip Mukherjee , Dipankar Dey and Arpita Pal .
The Barefoot Executive is a live - action Walt Disney Productions film released by Buena Vista Distribution in 1971 starring Kurt Russell , Joe Flynn , Wally Cox , Heather North and John Ritter ( in his film debut ) , about a pet chimpanzee , named Raffles , who can predict the popularity of television programs .
The Blue Lamp is a 1950 British police drama , directed by Basil Dearden and starring Jack Warner as veteran PC Dixon , Jimmy Hanley as newcomer PC Mitchell , and a very young Dirk Bogarde as hardened criminal Tom Riley .
The Devil at Your Heels is a 1981 documentary that chronicles the attempt of the stuntman and daredevil Ken Carter to jump a rocket - powered car over the Saint Lawrence River , a distance of one mile , which would break all existing records for jumping cars .
The Impossible Kid is a Kung Fu movie made in 1982 , starring Filipino actor Weng Weng .
Badge 373 is a 1973 crime thriller film inspired , as was The French Connection , by the life and career of Eddie Egan , here called `` Eddie Ryan '' .
Who Goes There ! is a 1952 British comedy film directed by Anthony Kimmins and starring Nigel Patrick , Valerie Hobson and George Cole .
A Pit Boy 's Romance is a 1917 British silent drama film directed by A.E. Coleby and Arthur Rooke and starring Jimmy Wilde , Tommy Noble and Arthur Rooke .
The Gun That Won the West is a 1955 Technicolor Western film starring Dennis Morgan , Paula Raymond , Richard Denning , Chris O'Brien , Michael Morgan , Roy Gordon , Robert Bice , directed by William Castle and produced by Sam Katzman .
4 for Texas is a 1963 American western comedy starring Frank Sinatra , Dean Martin , Anita Ekberg , Ursula Andress , and featuring screen thugs Charles Bronson and Mike Mazurki , with a cameo appearance by Arthur Godfrey and the Three Stooges ( Larry Fine , Moe Howard and Curly Joe DeRita ) .
Nancy Steele Is Missing ! is a 1937 American drama film directed by George Marshall and Otto Preminger and starring Victor McLaglen , Walter Connolly and Peter Lorre .
The Further Adventures of the Flag Lieutenant is a 1927 British silent action film directed by W.P. Kellino and starring Henry Edwards , Isabel Jeans and Lilian Oldland .
McHale 's Navy is an American sitcom starring Ernest Borgnine that aired 138 half - hour episodes over four seasons , from October 11 , 1962 , to April 12 , 1966 , on the ABC television network .
A Girl and a Gun is the 2007 short film starring Ian Hart , Paul Freeman and Anna Walton .
Ullasa Utsaha ( Kannada : ಉಲ್ಲಾಸ ಉತ್ಸಾಹ ) is a 2009 Kannada language film directed by Devaraja Palan starring Ganesh and Yami Gautam .
The White Buffalo is a 1977 western film starring Charles Bronson , Kim Novak , Jack Warden , Slim Pickens , and Will Sampson .
You 're My Boss is a 2015 Filipino romantic comedy film written and directed by Antoinette Jadaone starring Toni Gonzaga and Coco Martin .
Un étrange voyage is a 1981 French drama film directed by Alain Cavalier , starring Jean Rochefort and writer / filmmaker Camille de Casabianca .
Marriage on the Rocks is a 1965 comedy film starring Frank Sinatra , Deborah Kerr , and Dean Martin about a businessman 's wife who ends up divorced by mistake and then married to his best friend by an even bigger mistake .
Love or Bread ( Chinese : 我的億萬麵包 ; pinyin : Wo De Yi Wan Mian Bao ; literally : `` My million dollar bread '' ) is a 2008 Taiwanese drama starring Joe Cheng and Ariel Lin .
The Tattered Dress is a 1957 film noir directed by Jack Arnold and featuring Jeff Chandler , Jeanne Crain , Jack Carson , Elaine Stewart and Gail Russell .
Orma Mathram ( English : Memories Alone ) is a 2011 Malayalam film directed by Madhu Kaithapram and starring Dileep , Priyanka Nair , Master Sidharth , Dhanya Mary Varghese , Nedumudi Venu in the main roles .
Pyaar Ke Do Pal is a 1986 Hindi - language Indian feature film directed by Rajiv Mehra , starring Mithun Chakraborty , Jayapradha , Simple Kapadia , Krishan Dhawan , Jagdeep , Tiku Talsania , Lalita Pawar and Anjan Srivastav
All Sorts and Conditions of Men is a 1921 British silent drama film directed by Georges Tréville and starring Renee Kelly , Rex Davis and James Lindsay .
Hurry Up , or I 'll Be 30 ( also known as I Am Waiting No More ) is a 1973 film starring John Lefkowitz , Linda De Coff , and Danny DeVito .
The Strange Case of Wilhelm Reich is an Austrian film about Wilhelm Reich played by Klaus Maria Brandauer .
The two discover voodoo icons and effects , as well as a grave of `` Jessabelle '' with a baby 's skeleton , dated on Jessie 's birthday , whom they give to Sheriff Pruitt ( Chris Ellis ) for DNA testing .
Agraja is a 2014 Indian Kannada film directed by Srinandan starring Darshan and Jaggesh .
They Were Expendable is a 1945 American war film directed by John Ford and starring Robert Montgomery and John Wayne and featuring Donna Reed .
The Siege of Firebase Gloria is a 1989 film starring Wings Hauser and R. Lee Ermey that was filmed in the Philippines .
In Old Alsace ( French title : L'ami Fritz ) is a 1933 French drama film directed by Jacques de Baroncelli and starring Lucien Duboscq , Simone Bourday and Madeleine Guitty .
Cyborg 2087 is a 1966 science fiction film starring Michael Rennie , Karen Steele , Wendell Corey , and Warren Stevens .
Drums of Tahiti is a 1954 Technicolor South Seas drama directed by William Castle , starring Dennis O'Keefe and Patricia Medina .
Short Cut to Hell ( 1957 ) is an American film noir , filmed in black - and - white VistaVision , starring Robert Ivers and Georgann Johnson .
Navy Wife is a 1956 comedy film directed by Edward Bernds ( who also directed `` Three Stooges '' and `` Bowery Boys '' ) , and starring Joan Bennett , Gary Merrill , Shirley Yamaguchi .
Sins Without Intentions ( Italian : Peccato senza malizia ) is a 1975 Italian erotic - drama film written and directed by Theo Campanelli and starring Jenny Tamburi , Gabriele Tinti and Luigi Pistilli .
Into My Heart is a 1998 motion picture featuring Rob Morrow and Claire Forlani .
A Matter of WHO is a 1961 British thriller film directed by Don Chaffey and starring Terry - Thomas as a World Health Organisation employee trying to trail the source of a deadly virus .
A Hole in One is a 2004 film co - starring Michelle Williams and Meat Loaf .
The Far Country is a 1954 American Western Technicolor romance film directed by Anthony Mann and starring James Stewart , Ruth Roman , and Walter Brennan .
Phantom 2040 's unique voice cast included Scott Valentine , Margot Kidder , Ron Perlman , Leah Remini , J.D. Hall , Alan Oppenheimer , Richard Lynch and Jeff Bennett - while Mark Hamill , Debbie Harry , Rob Paulsen and Paul Williams had recurring roles .
What Ever Happened to Baby Toto ? ( Italian : Che fine ha fatto Totò Baby ? ) is a 1964 Italian black comedy film written and directed by Ottavio Alessi .
When You Come Home is a 1948 British comedy film directed by John Baxter and starring Frank Randle , Leslie Sarony and Leslie Holmes .
Frank en Eva ( English release title : Living Apart Together ) is a 1973 Dutch film which features the debut performance of Sylvia Kristel .
Phool Bane Angaray is a 1991 film by K.C. Bokadia which stars Rajinikanth and Rekha in the lead roles . It was basically Female oriented Film with Rekha as the centre of attraction but Rajinikanth made a great impact as Inspector Ranjit Singh in the special appearance . It was Box office Hit .
Corpse for the Lady ( Italian : Cadavere per signora ) is a 1964 Italian comedy film directed by Mario Mattoli and starring Sylva Koscina .
Bad Asses ( also known as Bad Ass 2 : Bad Asses ) is a 2014 action film starring Danny Trejo and Danny Glover , written and directed by Craig Moss .
A Woman 's Fool is a 1918 American Western film directed by John Ford featuring Harry Carey .
Sri Tirupati Venkateswara Kalyanam is a 1979 Telugu , Mythological film produced & directed by N. T. Rama Rao on his Ramakrishna Cine Studios banner .
Directed by George B. Seitz , Life Begins for Andy Hardy was also the last Andy Hardy movie to feature Judy Garland .
Devil 's Doorway is a 1950 western film directed by Anthony Mann and starring Robert Taylor as an Indian who returns home from the American Civil War a hero awarded the Medal of Honor .
Tina Romero as Alucarda / Lucy Westenraa Susana Kamini as Justine David Silva as Father Lázaro Claudio Brook as Dr. Oszek / Hunchbacked Gypsy Lily Garza as Daniela Oszek Tina French as Sister Angélica Birgitta Segerskog as Mother Superior Adriana Roel as Sister Germana Martin LaSalle as Brother Felipe
Der rote Kreis ( English : The Crimson Circle ) is a 1960 West German / Danish black and white crime film directed by Jürgen Roland and starring Renate Ewert , Klausjürgen Wussow and Karl - Georg Saebisch .
The Unknown Known ( also known as The Unknown Known : The Life and Times of Donald Rumsfeld ) is a 2013 American documentary film about the life of former U.S. Secretary of Defense and congressman Donald Rumsfeld , directed by Academy Award winning documentarian and filmmaker Errol Morris .
Blind Corner ( U.S. Man in the Dark ) is a 1963 British thriller film , directed by Lance Comfort and starring William Sylvester and Barbara Shelley .
Theatre of Blood ( also known as Theater of Blood ) is a 1973 horror film starring Vincent Price as vengeful actor Edward Lionheart and Diana Rigg as his daughter Edwina .
The Pilgrim Lady is a 1947 American comedy crime film directed by Lesley Selander and starring Lynne Roberts , Warren Douglas and Alan Mowbray .
Three Wise Girls is a 1932 American Pre - Code romantic drama film featuring Jean Harlow in her first starring role .
Munjane is a 2012 released Kannada romantic drama film starring Ganesh and Manjari Phadnis .
The Grand Duchess and the Waiter is a 1926 silent romantic comedy directed by Mal St. Clair and starring Florence Vidor and Adolphe Menjou .
The Shooting of Dan McGoo is a cartoon directed by Tex Avery .
Amos & Andrew is a 1993 comedy starring Nicolas Cage and Samuel L. Jackson , filmed in and around Wilmington , North Carolina .
A Yank in Rome ( Italian : Un americano in vacanza ) is a 1946 Italian comedy film directed by Luigi Zampa and starring Valentina Cortese .
Final Reprisal is a 1988 action film , starring Gary Daniels ( in his first starring role ) and James Gaines .
Abraxas , Guardian of the Universe is a 1990 science - fiction / action film written and directed by Damian Lee and starring Jesse `` The Body '' Ventura and Sven - Ole Thorsen , with a cameo by James Belushi .
Beeruva is a Telugu film featuring Sundeep Kishan and Surabhi in the lead roles and directed by Kanmani .
Les Bicyclettes de Belsize is a 1968 British musical short film ( 30 mins ) starring Judy Huxtable and Anthony May.
Hutch Stirs 'em Up is a 1923 British silent comedy action film directed by Frank Hall Crane and starring Charles Hutchison , Joan Barry and Malcolm Tod .
Naked as Nature Intended is a 1961 British nudist film produced and directed by George Harrison Marks and starring Pamela Green .
You Ca n't Run Away from It is a 1956 Technicolor and CinemaScope musical comedy starring June Allyson and Jack Lemmon .
The Real Roseanne Show is a reality show that aired briefly in 2003 about actress and comedian Roseanne Barr hosting a cooking show , called Domestic Goddess .
Det ender med bryllup is a 1943 Danish comedy film directed by Lau Lauritzen , Jr. and starring Poul Reumert .
Liar Liar is a 1997 American comedy film written by Paul Guay and Stephen Mazur , directed by Tom Shadyac and starring Jim Carrey who was nominated for a Golden Globe Award ( 1997 ) for Best Performance by an Actor in a Motion Picture - Comedy / Musical .
The Favour , the Watch and the Very Big Fish is a 1991 comedy film directed by Ben Lewin , starring Bob Hoskins , Jeff Goldblum and Natasha Richardson .
Cameo Kirby is a 1923 American silent drama film directed by John Ford which starred John Gilbert and Gertrude Olmstead and featured Jean Arthur in her onscreen debut .
The Aurora Encounter is a 1986 American Weird Western science fiction film directed by the Jim McCullough Sr . , written by Melody Brooke and Jim McCullough , Jr. , and starring Jack Elam , Peter Brown , Carol Bagdasarian and Dottie West .
Beethoven Virus ( Hangul : 베토벤 바이러스 ) is a 2008 South Korean television series starring Kim Myung - min , Lee Ji - ah , and Jang Keun - suk .
Sathyan as Appunni S. P. Pillai as Govindan Nair Jayabharathi as Janu Jeassy Kuttyedathi Vilasini as Malu ( Kuttiyedathi ) Master Sathyajith as Vasu Kuthiravattam Pappu as Kuttishankaran Raman Menon Ammini Balan K. Nair Nilambur Balan as Karuthan Philomina as Narayani Kozhikode Shantha Devi as Meenakshi
Taare Zameen Par ( titled Like Stars on Earth for Disney 's international DVD ) is a 2007 Indian educational drama film produced and directed by Aamir Khan .
The Boy Turns Man ( Bulgarian : Момчето си отива / Momcheto si otiva ) is a Bulgarian comedy - drama film released in 1972 , directed by Lyudmil Kirkov , starring Nevena Kokanova , Philip Trifonov , Kiril Gospodinov and Sashka Bratanova .
Witless Protection is a 2008 comedy film from Lionsgate , starring Daniel Lawrence Whitney , better known as Larry the Cable Guy and Jenny McCarthy written and directed by Chicago native Charles Robert Carner .
Warm Summer Rain is a 1989 drama film written and directed by Joe Gayton , starring Kelly Lynch and Barry Tubb .
Hammers Over the Anvil is a 1993 Australian biographical romantic drama film starring Russell Crowe and directed by Ann Turner .
The Far Horizons is a 1955 American western film directed by Rudolph Maté , starring Fred MacMurray , Charlton Heston , Donna Reed and Barbara Hale .
Brother Officers is a 1915 British silent war film directed by Harold M. Shaw and starring Henry Ainley , Lettice Fairfax and Gerald Ames .
Ironheart ( 1992 ) is a martial arts film starring Bolo Yeung , created as a showcase vehicle for Britton K. Lee .
The Lover of Camille was a 1924 American silent romantic drama film directed by Harry Beaumont , and starring Monte Blue .
Neeku Nenu Naaku Nuvvu is a Telugu film starring Uday Kiran and Shriya , directed by Raja Sekhar .
The film is about an extraterrestrial ( played by Brad Dourif ) who came to Earth several decades ago from a water planet ( The Wild Blue Yonder ) , after it experienced an ice age .
Sally Field as Norma Rae Webster Beau Bridges as Sonny Webster Ron Leibman as Reuben Warshowsky Pat Hingle as Vernon Barbara Baxley as Leona Gail Strickland as Bonnie Mae Morgan Paull as Wayne Billings John Calvin as Ellis Harper Noble Willingham as Leroy Mason Grace Zabriskie as Linette Odum
I Do ( But I Do n't ) is a 2004 American made - for - television romantic comedy film starring Denise Richards , Dean Cain , Karen Cliche , Olivia Palenstein and Mimi Kuzyk .
The Diamond Fleece is a 1992 Canadian made - for - television film directed by Al Waxman and starring Ben Cross , Kate Nelligan and Brian Dennehy .
Make Way for Tomorrow is a 1937 American drama film directed by Leo McCarey .
Man of Violence is a 1969 British crime film directed by Pete Walker and starring Michael Latimer , Hammer girls Virginia Wetherell ( Dr. Jekyll and Sister Hyde , Demons of the Mind ) and Luan Peters ( Lust for a Vampire , Twins of Evil ) , and Derek Aylward .
Feared of being blamed , Venky and his friends run away to the Hyderabad Police Academy , which is run by Yogendra Sharma ( Ashutosh Rana ) .
Road to the Stage ( Russian : Путь на арену ) is a 1963 Armenian film about a young circus artist ( Leonid Yengibarov ) , who becomes a famous star .
I chartopaichtra ( Greek : Η χαρτοπαίχτρα , The Card Player ) is a 1964 Greek black - and - white film starring Rena Vlachopoulou and Lambros Konstantaras .
Sommersby is a 1993 romantic drama film directed by Jon Amiel and starring Richard Gere , Jodie Foster , Bill Pullman and James Earl Jones .
Mad Dog Time , also known as Trigger Happy , is a 1996 American ensemble cast crime comedy film written and directed by Larry Bishop and starring Jeff Goldblum , Richard Dreyfuss , Gabriel Byrne , Ellen Barkin , Diane Lane and Gregory Hines .
The Low Life is a 1995 American film starring Rory Cochrane and directed and co - written by George Hickenlooper .
The Czar of Black Hollywood is a 2014 documentary film chronicling the early life and career of African - American filmmaker Oscar Micheaux ( 1884 - 1951 ) .
High Heels and Low Lifes is a 2001 action comedy - drama film starring Minnie Driver , Mary McCormack , Kevin McNally , Mark Williams , Danny Dyer and Michael Gambon .
Rage of Honor is an American martial arts film directed by Gordon Hessler , and starring Sho Kosugi .
Why Did I Ever Say Yes Twice ? ( German : Warum hab ich bloß 2 x ja gesagt ? , Italian : Professione bigamo ) is a 1969 German - Italian comedy film directed by Franz Antel and starring Lando Buzzanca , Teri Tordai and Raffaella Carrà .
The Vampire Lovers is a 1970 British gothic horror film directed by Roy Ward Baker and starring Peter Cushing , Ingrid Pitt , Madeline Smith , Kate O'Mara and Jon Finch .
Main Solah Baras Ki is a Bollywood film directed by Dev Anand and was released in 1998 .
The Mask of Love is a 1917 American short silent crime film directed by Joe De Grasse and starring Lon Chaney .
En pige uden lige ( English : `` A girl without equal '' ) is a 1943 Danish family film directed by Jon Iversen and starring Ellen Gottschalch .
Death to the Supermodels is a 2005 black comedy starring Jaime Pressly , Brooke Burns , Kimberley Davies , Taylor Negron , Matt Winston , Diane Delano and Jason Acuña .
The Last Producer is a 2000 American drama film directed by and starring Burt Reynolds .
Somewhere in Wrong is a 1925 American film starring Stan Laurel .
Danielle Steel 's Star is a 1993 American made - for - television film starring Jennie Garth , Craig Bierko , Terry Farrell , Penny Fuller and Mitchell Ryan .
Leave Her to Heaven is a 1945 American Technicolor film noir starring Gene Tierney , Cornel Wilde , Jeanne Crain , with Vincent Price , Darryl Hickman , Ray Collins , and Chill Wills .
Love Is Not Perfect ( Italian : L'amore è imperfetto ) is a 2012 Italian romance film written and directed by Francesca Muci and starring Anna Foglietta and Giulio Berruti .
The Pervert 's Guide to Cinema is a 2006 documentary directed and produced by Sophie Fiennes , scripted and presented by Slavoj Žižek .
Svinedrengen og prinsessen på ærten is a 1962 Danish animated film directed by Poul Ilsøe and starring Dirch Passer .
Coimbatore Mappillai ( Tamil : கோயமுத்தூர் மாப்ளே ; English : Coimbatore 's son - in - law ) is a 1996 Tamil language starring Vijay and Sanghavi in lead roles .
A Touch of the Other is a 1970 British drama film directed by Arnold L. Miller and starring Hélène Françoise , Kenneth Cope and Shirley Anne Field .
How She Move is a 2007 drama film directed by Ian Iqbal Rashid and starring Rutina Wesley , Clé Bennett and Romina D'Ugo .
Hide - Out is a 1934 American comedy film directed by W. S. Van Dyke and starring Robert Montgomery and Maureen O'Sullivan .
Grihanathan ( Malayalam : ഗൃഹനാഥൻ ) is a 2012 Malayalam family film directed by Mohan Kupleri , starring Mukesh and Sonia Agarwal in the lead roles .
Half a Bride is a 1928 American silent romance film directed by Gregory La Cava and starring Esther Ralston , Gary Cooper , and William Worthington .
Sam Edwards - Rod Rocket and Joey Hal Smith - Professor Angus Pat Blake - Cassie
The drama centers around the encounter of the eponymous Madeinusa ( Magaly Solier ) , a teenaged girl selected as the festival 's Mater Dolorosa and daughter of the village mayor , with Salvador .
30 minuten ( 30 minutes ) was a 1995 Dutch satirical mockumentary TV series , written by Arjan Ederveen and directed by Pieter Kramer .
Blood of the Virgins ( Spanish : Sangre de vírgenes ) is a 1967 Argentine gothic horror film directed by Emilio Vieyra .
Walk , Do n't Run is a 1966 Technicolor comedy film starring Cary Grant , set in Tokyo during the Olympic Games in 1964 .
Mr. Wong , Detective is a 1938 American crime film directed by William Nigh and starring Boris Karloff in his first appearance as Mr. Wong .
In November 1932 , Constance , Countess of Trentham ( Maggie Smith ) , and her lady 's maid , Mary MacEachran ( Kelly Macdonald ) travel to Gosford Park for the weekend .
The Flim - Flam Man is a 1967 American comedy film directed by Irvin Kershner , starring George C. Scott , Michael Sarrazin and Sue Lyon , based on the novel The Ballad of the Flim - Flam Man by Guy Owen .
The Undercover Man is a 1949 American crime drama film noir starring Glenn Ford .
Caged is a 1950 film noir directed by John Cromwell and starring Eleanor Parker , Agnes Moorehead , Ellen Corby and Hope Emerson .
The host of Uutisvuoto is journalist Baba Lybeck , who took over from Peter Nyman in 2010 , and the team captains are novelist Jari Tervo and comedian Stan Saanila .
Dirty Tiger , Crazy Frog ( Chinese : 老虎田雞 ) is a 1978 Hong Kong kung fu film directed by Karl Maka , starring Sammo Hung and Lau Kar Wing .
Isaac Newton S / O Philipose is a 2013 Malayalam film directed by V. Bosse , starring Lal , Nedumudi Venu , Tini Tom and Abhinaya .
In her autobiography Veronica , Lake wrote : `` The Navy , proud of Slattery 's Hurricane and the salute it gave to Navy pilots , previewed the film in its 90-ton giant aircraft , the Constitution .
A sequel to Black God , White Devil , it features the return of the character Antonio das Mortes , now as the protagonist , again played by Maurício do Valle .
Boy Trouble is a 1939 American film starring Charles Ruggles , Mary Boland , Donald O'Connor , and Billy Lee .
Punching the Clown is a 2009 American comedy film directed by Gregori Viens , which stars Henry Phillips as a semi - fictionalized version of himself .
Dandam Dashagunam is a 2011 Kannada film in the action genre starring Chiranjeevi Sarja and Ramya in the lead roles .
Material Girls is a 2006 American teen comedy film starring Hilary and Haylie Duff .
A Close Call for Boston Blackie ( 1946 ) is the tenth of fourteen Columbia Pictures crime films starring Chester Morris as Boston Blackie .
Jack is able to rescue a young girl trapped in an engulfed apartment , but is briefly trapped himself before being rescued by a fellow Firefighter from Ladder 49 , Leonard `` Lenny '' Richter ( Robert Patrick ) .
Underwater ! is a 1955 adventure film directed by John Sturges and starring Jane Russell and Richard Egan .
Adventures of a Private Eye is a 1977 British sex comedy film starring Christopher Neil , Suzy Kendall , Harry H. Corbett and Liz Fraser .
Reflections in Black ( Italian : Il vizio ha le calze nere / Vice Wears Black Hose ) is a 1975 Italian giallo film directed by the actor Tano Cimarosa , here at his directorial debut .
Mann Vasanai ( Tamil : மண்வாசனை ) is a 1983 Indian Tamil language film starring debutants Pandiyan and Revathi in the lead roles .
The Ways of Sin ( Italian : Le vie del peccato ) is a 1946 Italian historical drama film directed by Giorgio Pastina and starring Jacqueline Laurent , Leonardo Cortese and Carlo Ninchi .
Good Morning , Boys is a 1937 British comedy film directed by Marcel Varnel and featuring Will Hay , Martita Hunt , Lilli Palmer and Peter Gawthorne .
Manthrikan is a 2012 Malayalam horror - comedy film written by Rajan Kiriyath , directed by Anil and starring Jayaram and Poonam Bajwa in the lead roles .
David Wants to Fly is a 2010 German documentary film that follows its director , Berlin - based , film school graduate David Sieveking , as he interacts with his film hero David Lynch , and explores the Transcendental Meditation movement .
The Amorous Adventures of Moll Flanders is a 1965 British historical comedy film directed by Terence Young and starring Kim Novak , Richard Johnson and Angela Lansbury .
Adventure in Warsaw ( German : Abenteuer in Warschau ) is a 1937 German - Polish comedy film directed by Carl Boese and starring Georg Alexander , Paul Klinger and Jadwiga Kenda .
Midnight FM ( Hangul : 심야의 FM ; RR : Shim - yaui FM ) is a 2010 South Korean thriller film by Kim Sang - man starring Soo Ae and Yoo Ji - tae .
Her Boy Friend is a 1924 silent comedy film featuring Oliver Hardy .
Panic in Year Zero ! , sometimes known as End of the World , is a 1962 science fiction film directed by and starring Ray Milland .
Finn and Hattie is a 1931 American Pre - Code film directed by Norman Taurog , starring Leon Errol and ZaSu Pitts .
Kaude Shah ( Punjabi : ਕੌਡੇ ਸ਼ਾਹ ) , also spelled as Koday Shah or Kode Shah , is a 1953 Punjabi blockbuster directed by S.P. Bakshi ( Shanti Prakash Bakshi ) , starring Daljit , Shyama , Miss Manju , Thakur Ramesh Nagpal , Chand Burqe , Rajni , Jaswant , Khraiti Bhainga and Mohan .
Reel in the Closet ( 2015 ) is a documentary film directed by Stu Maddux , and featuring interviews with Daniel Nicoletta , Susan Stryker , and many others .
Anya 's Bell is a television film that aired on CBS on October 31 , 1999 , starring Della Reese as Anya Herpick .
Squirrel Boy centers on the life of an odd boy named Andy Johnson ( Pamela Adlon ) and his anthropomorphic pet squirrel , Rodney ( Richard Horvitz ) , who is full of crazy ideas and get - rich - quick schemes .
Taking Wing ( French : L'Envol ) is a 2000 French drama film directed by Steve Suissa .
The French Woman ( French : Madame Claude ) is a 1977 French drama film directed by Just Jaeckin and starring Françoise Fabian .
Another was Kurunta who became the vassal ruler of Tarhuntassa during the reign of Hattusili III . Another person named Ulmi - Teshup is suggested to be a third son of Muwatalli II but it is quite likely that Ulmi - Teshup and Kurunta are the same person .
In the Poetic Edda , Angrboða is mentioned only in Völuspá hin skamma ( found in Hyndluljóð ) as the mother of Fenrir by Loki .
Magdolna Purgly de Jószáshely ( born 10 June 1881 in Sofronya , Hungary ; died 8 January 1959 in Estoril , Portugal ) was the wife of Admiral Miklós Horthy .
Summer is the mother of his twin children : a son , Dirk Pitt , Jr. , and a daughter , Summer Pitt .
His firstborn son and heir to the throne , Amenemhat , predeceased Thutmose III . When Thutmose III died , he was buried in the Valley of the Kings as were the rest of the kings from this period in Egypt .
Tucker and Frances had three sons together , Henry St. George Tucker , Sr . , Nathaniel Beverley Tucker , and Theodorick Thomas Tudor ; they also had two daughters , Anne Frances and Elizabeth .
However , the encounter did not end on good terms since Schoenberg believed that every note should be accounted for , an approach which Brubeck could not accept , although according to his son Chris Brubeck , there is a twelve - tone row in The Light in the Wilderness , Dave Brubeck 's first oratorio .
Theodrada ( b. 784 , d. unknown ) , abbess of Argenteuil Hiltrude ( b. 787 , d. unknown ) Fastrada died on 10 August 794 in Frankfurt , Germany , during the synod of Frankfurt and was buried in St. Alban 's Abbey , Mainz , long before the abbey was finished .
Eve Branson ( born Evette Huntley Flindt ; 1924 ) is a British philanthropist , child welfare advocate , and the mother of Richard Branson .
Analea Keohokālole ( 1816 - -1869 ) was a Hawaiian chiefess and matriarch of the House of Kalākaua that ruled the Kingdom of Hawaiʻi from 1874 to 1893 .
Described as `` saintly '' herself , Hedwig of Nordgau was the mother of Saint Cunigunde of Luxembourg , the seventh of eleven children from her marriage to Siegfried .
Whereas , not much is said about Halga in Anglo - Saxon sources , much more is said in Scandinavian ones , all of them containing a version of the story of his incestuous relationship with his own daughter Yrsa .
John Washington was born in 1633 in Purleigh , Essex , England , the son of Amphilis ( Twigden ) and Lawrence Washington .
John Milton Earle Pliny Earle II Thomas Earle
Because Seti II had his accession between II Peret 29 and III Peret 6 while Siptah--
Babutai , Duke of Zhen Mukushen Babuhai Nurhaci 's fifth daughter Nurhaci 's sixth daughter Lady Silin Gioro ( 西林覺羅 ) , bore Nurhaci one child :
He was the father of Glaucus , Ornytion , Almus , and Thersander by the nymph Merope , the brother of Salmoneus , and the grandfather of Bellerophon through Glaucus King Sisyphus promoted navigation and commerce but was avaricious and deceitful .
Kim Young - sook had a daughter from this marriage , Kim Sul - song ( born 1974 ) .
Bernardo Verbitsky ( 22 November 1907 -- 15 March 1979 ) was an Argentine writer and journalist , and father of the controversial journalist and former military collaborator during that country 's so - called `` dirty war '' Horacio Verbitsky .
Other sons of Erechtheus sometimes mentioned are Orneus , Metion , Pandorus , Thespius , and Eupalamus .
Alexandre Louis Maurice Dior ( 1873 -- 9 December 1946 ) was a French industrialist and the father of grand couturier Christian Dior and French Resistance member Catherine Dior .
Pio Piacentini ( 5 September 1846 -- 4 April 1928 ) was an Italian architect , the father of Marcello Piacentini .
Robert Stewart , 1st Marquess of Londonderry PC ( Ire ) ( 27 September 1739 -- 6 April 1821 ) , was an Irish politician and landowner , the father of politician Robert Stewart , Viscount Castlereagh .
Saint Anne ( also known as Ann or Anna or Anne , from Hebrew Channah חַנָּה , meaning `` favor '' or `` grace '' ) of David 's house and line , was the mother of the Virgin Mary and grandmother of Jesus Christ , according to Christian and Islamic tradition .
Cao Lin ( 曹霖 : ? - 250 ) is the father of the emperor Cao Mao , the fifth emperor of the Cao Wei of Chinese history .
Hamilton Coolidge ( September 1 , 1895 -- October 27 , 1918 ) , was an American pursuit pilot , flying ace in World War I , and recipient of the Distinguished Service Cross .
George Watters ( 26 September 1904 -- 1980 ) was a miner and labourer from Prestonpans , East Lothian , who fought in the Spanish Civil War .
Rafael García Valiño ( 1898 - -1975 ) was a Spanish army officer who participated in the Spanish Civil War .
Osman Digna ( Arabic : عثمان دقنة‎)(c . 1840 -- 1926 ) was a follower of Muhammad Ahmad , the self - proclaimed Mahdi , in Sudan , who became his best known military commander during the Mahdist War .
Fernand Gambiez ( 27 February 1903 -- 29 March 1989 ) was a French Army general and military historian , he fought in World War II , First Indochina War and Algerian War , during the Algerian War he was commander - in - chief of the French Army in Algeria .
McGrath Nunatak is a ridge - like nunatak at the west end of the Blånabbane Nunataks , standing 7 nautical miles ( 13 km ) southeast of Van Hulssen Nunatak in Mac . Robertson Land , Antarctica .
Adélie Valley ( 65 ° 30′S 136 ° 0′E ) , also variously known as Adilie Valley , Dumont d'Urville Trough or Adélie Trough , is a drowned fjord ( undersea valley ) on the continental margin of East Antarctica .
Saudi Arabia ( i/ˌsɔːdiː əˈreɪbiə/ , i/ˌsaʊ-/ ) , officially known as the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia ( KSA ) , is an Arab state in Western Asia constituting the bulk of the Arabian Peninsula .
With a population of around 9 million in the city and 16 million in the wider metropolitan area , Tehran is the largest city and urban area of Iran , the second largest city in Western Asia , and the 3rd largest in the Middle East .
Jones Peak ( 85 ° 5′S 172 ° 0′W ) is a mainly ice - free peak , 3,670 metres ( 12,040 ft ) high , standing 5 nautical miles ( 9 km ) west - northwest of Mount Fisher at the head of DeGanahl Glacier , in the Prince Olav Mountains of Antarctica .
Whitmore Mountains ( 82 ° 35′S 104 ° 30′W ) is an isolated group of mountains in West Antarctica , consisting of three mountains and a cluster of nunataks extending over 15 miles .
Lambert Graben is a graben in Antarctica .
The Meyer Desert is a triangular ice - free area of about 50 square miles ( 130 km2 ) at the northern end of the Dominion Range , Antarctica , near the confluence of Beardmore Glacier and Mill Glacier .
Fleet Point ( 67 ° 37′S 65 ° 24′W ) is a rocky point 4 nautical miles ( 7 km ) northwest of Tent Nunatak on the east coast of Graham Land , Antarctica .
North Korea ( listen ) , officially the Democratic People 's Republic of Korea ( DPRK ; Chosŏn'gŭl : 조선민주주의인민공화국 ; hancha : 朝鮮民主主義人民共和國 ; MR : Chosŏn Minjujuŭi Inmin Konghwaguk ) , is a country in East Asia , in the northern part of the Korean Peninsula .
Harbord Glacier ( 75 ° 55′S 162 ° 24′E ) is a glacier in Antarctica , flowing along the south side of Mount George Murray .
Ely Nunatak ( 72 ° 8′S 66 ° 30′E ) is a small , dark - colored nunatak 4 nautical miles ( 7 km ) north of Mount Izabelle in the Prince Charles Mountains of Antarctica .
Kuhn Nunatak is one of the Rambo Nunataks , lying 3 nautical miles ( 6 km ) southwest of Oliver Nunatak on the west side of Foundation Ice Stream , in the Pensacola Mountains , Antarctica .
The Uruguay River ( Spanish : Río Uruguay , Spanish pronunciation : ( uɾuˈɣwai ) ; Portuguese : Rio Uruguai , Portuguese pronunciation : ( uɾuˈɡwaj ) ) is a river in South America .
Lancaster Hill ( 65 ° 21′S 64 ° 0′W ) is a hill at the south side of the mouth of Trooz Glacier , on the west coast of Graham Land , Antarctica .
Point Martin is a point on the east side of Mossman Peninsula , 1.5 km ( 0.93 mi ) north - west of Cape Murdoch , on the south coast of Laurie Island in the South Orkney Islands of Antarctica .
Miller Nunatak ( 74 ° 26′S 164 ° 15′E ) is a sharp pointed nunatak rising above the ice at the lower end of Campbell Glacier , 5 nautical miles ( 9 km ) east - southeast of Mount Dickason , in Victoria Land , Antarctica .
Mount Grendal ( 77 ° 34′28``S 162 ° 0′35''E ) is a peak rising to 2,000 metres ( 6,600 ft ) between the heads of Valhalla Glacier and Conrow Glacier in the Asgard Range of Victoria Land , Antarctica .
The Guy Peaks ( 72 ° 9′S 98 ° 53′W ) are a cluster of peaks located 3 nautical miles ( 6 km ) northeast of Mount Borgeson , overlooking Peale Inlet on Thurston Island , Antarctica .
Petrich Peak ( Vrah Petrich \'vr&h ' pet - rich\ ) is an ice - covered peak of elevation 760 m in central Bowles Ridge on Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands , Antarctica , which is named after the town of Petrich in Southwestern Bulgaria .
The Galten Islands are a small group of islands in the eastern part of Magnet Bay , Antarctica , 19 kilometres ( 10 nmi ) west of Cape Davis .
Frost Cliff ( 75 ° 13′S 135 ° 43′W ) is a steep , partly ice - covered cliff 2 nautical miles ( 4 km ) east of Mount Steinfeld , on the south side of the divide between the upper reaches of Hull Glacier and Kirkpatrick Glacier , in Marie Byrd Land , Antarctica .
Heimdall Glacier ( 77 ° 35′S 161 ° 51′E ) is a small glacier just east of Siegfried Peak and Siegmund Peak on the south side of Wright Valley in the Asgard Range of Victoria Land , Antarctica .
Ivan Asen Point ( Bulgarian : Нос Иван Асен , `` Nos Ivan Asen '' \'nos i-'van a-'sen\ ) is a narrow rocky point projecting 680 m into Osmar Strait from the southeast coast of Smith Island in the South Shetland Islands , Antarctica .
Cape Jules ( 66 ° 44′S 140 ° 55′E ) is a rocky cape with a small cove along its northern end , 3 nautical miles ( 6 km ) west of Zelee Glacier Tongue , Antarctica .
MacDonald Peak is a peak rising to 1,940 metres ( 6,360 ft ) midway between Shockey Peak and Mount Crawford near the north end of the main ridge of the Sentinel Range , Antarctica .
Mount Kring ( 74 ° 59′S 157 ° 54′E ) is a sharply defined nunatak on the northern margin of the upper reaches of David Glacier , 13 nautical miles ( 24 km ) southwest of Mount Wood , in Oates Land , Antarctica .
East of Nelly Point Important Bird Area is a 35 ha , ice - free tract of land on the south - eastern coast of Elephant Island , in the South Shetland Islands of Antarctica .
Mount Martyn ( 69 ° 24′S 157 ° 10′E ) is a cluster of bare rock faces with one peak , standing 3 nautical miles ( 6 km ) south of Eld Peak in the Lazarev Mountains of Antarctica .
Cape Leguillou ( 63 ° 32′S 59 ° 50′W ) is a point which forms the northern tip of Tower Island , at the northeast end of the Palmer Archipelago , Antarctica .
Mayr Ridge ( 72 ° 11′S 2 ° 22′E ) is a mountainous ridge including Nupskammen Ridge and Von Essen Mountain , forming the southwestern extremity of the Gjelsvik Mountains in Queen Maud Land , Antarctica .
The Juno Peaks ( 71 ° 58′S 69 ° 47′W ) are two steep - sided nunataks with a small rock to the west , forming part of an east - west ridge 6 nautical miles ( 11 km ) southwest of Mimas Peak , lying near the head of Saturn Glacier in southern Alexander Island , Antarctica .
Some sources claim Mount Wilhelm as the highest mountain in Oceania or Australia , on account of Indonesia being part of Asia .
Peñón de Vélez de la Gomera ( Spanish pronunciation : ( peˈɲon de ˈβeleθ ðe la ɣoˈmeɾa ) ) , in ancient times Badis or Bades , is a Spanish rock ( plaza de soberanía ) in North Africa off the Moroccan coast .
Mount Shear ( 78 ° 20′S 86 ° 8′W ) is a mountain over 4,000 m , standing 4 miles ( 6 km ) northwest of Mount Tyree in the Sentinel Range , Ellsworth Mountains , Antarctica .
Baley Nunatak ( Bulgarian : нунатак Балей , `` Nunatak Baley '' \'nu - na - tak ba-'ley\ ) is the rocky hill rising to 495 m in the southeast foothills of Mancho Buttress on the north side of Aitkenhead Glacier , on Trinity Peninsula in Graham Land , Antarctica .
Owing to its location in the Caribbean Sea in the shipping lane to the Panama Canal and relative proximity to large markets in North America and emerging markets in Latin America , Jamaica receives high container traffic .
Stewart Stacks is a group of prominent sea stacks , one of them rising to 25 m , lying between Rugged Island and Astor Island in the northeast of Osogovo Bay , western Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands , Antarctica .
Godwit Glacier ( 77 ° 36′S 162 ° 13′E ) is a glacier that flows northeast from Mount Holm - Hansen into Bartley Glacier in the Asgard Range of Victoria Land , Antarctica .
Florence Island is a small rocky island lying 0.7 kilometres ( 0.4 nmi ) south of Derby Island near the northern extremity of Astrolabe Glacier Tongue , Antarctica .
Lista Point is the point on the northwest coast of Smith Island in the South Shetland Islands , Antarctica formed by an offshoot of Riggs Peak .
Ives Tongue is a narrow tongue of land projecting from an island between Fold Island and the coast of Kemp Land , Antarctica .
Horn Bluff ( 68 ° 21′S 149 ° 45′E ) is a prominent rocky headland on the northern side of the coastal island at the western side of Deakin Bay , Antarctica .
Landauer Point ( 67 ° 4′S 67 ° 48′W ) is a point on the east coast of Adelaide Island , marking the west side of the north entrance to Tickle Channel in Graham Land , Antarctica .
Bender Glacier ( 78 ° 43′S 85 ° 20′W ) is a glacier that flows from Mount Atkinson and Mount Craddock southwards between Chaplin Peak and Krusha Peak , and joins Nimitz Glacier just south of Gilbert Spur in the southern Sentinel Range , Ellsworth Mountains in Antarctica .
Kyrkjebakken Slope ( 71 ° 54′S 6 ° 32′E ) is an ice slope on the west side of Jøkulkyrkja Mountain , in the Mühlig - Hofmann Mountains of Queen Maud Land , Antarctica .
The Blair Islands are a group of small islands lying 7 km ( 4 nmi ) west of Cape Gray , at the east side of the entrance to Commonwealth Bay , George V Land , Antarctica .
Kieffer Knoll ( 82 ° 29′S 162 ° 39′E ) is a rocky knoll which marks the extreme northeast corner of the Queen Elizabeth Range , Antarctica .
Arthurson Ridge ( 69 ° 22′S 158 ° 30′E ) is a short coastal ridge or promontory , a northern extension from the Wilson Hills , rising between Cook Ridge and the terminus of McLeod Glacier at the head of Davies Bay , Antarctica .
Mount Bower ( 72 ° 37′S 160 ° 30′E ) is a prominent mountain , 2,610 metres ( 8,560 ft ) high , standing 6 miles ( 10 km ) east - northeast of Roberts Butte in the Outback Nunataks , a minor group of nunataks situated in Victoria Land , Antarctica .
Flesa Rock is an isolated rock lying 7 nautical miles ( 13 km ) east of the northeast end of the Borg Massif , in Queen Maud Land , Antarctica .
The Anare Mountains ( 70 ° 55′S 166 ° 00′E ) are a large group of mainly snow - covered peaks and ridges along the northern coast of Victoria Land , Antarctica .
Lars Christensen Peak , also known as Lars Christensentoppen , is the highest point at 1,640 metres ( 5,381 ft ) on Peter I Island , off the coast of Antarctica .
Mazza Point ( 71 ° 19′S 73 ° 36′W ) is a snow - covered headland lying between Brahms Inlet and Mendelssohn Inlet , marking the northwest end of Derocher Peninsula , a minor peninsula that extends in a northwest point from Beethoven Peninsula , situated in the southwest portion of Alexander Island , Antarctica .
Engelhardt Ice Ridge ( 83 ° 20′S 146 ° 0′W ) is an ice ridge between Whillans Ice Stream and Kamb Ice Stream ( formerly Ice Streams B and C ) near the junction of Gould Coast and Siple Coast in Marie Byrd Land , Antarctica .
Haswell Island is the largest of the Haswell Islands , lying off the coast of Antarctica , about 3 kilometres ( 1.5 nmi ) north of Mabus Point in Queen Mary Land .
Oberbauer Point ( Bulgarian : нос Обербауер , `` Nos Oberbauer '' \'nos ' o - ber - ba - u - er\ ) is the point on the west side of the entrance to Gerritsz Bay on the north coast of Anvers Island in the Palmer Archipelago , Antarctica .
Mount Gevers ( 85 ° 50′S 158 ° 29′W ) is a rock peak , 1,480 metres ( 4,860 ft ) high , in the Hays Mountains of the Queen Maud Mountains of Antarctica , standing at the north side of Cappellari Glacier at the point where it enters Amundsen Glacier .
Main Crater ( 77 ° 32′S 167 ° 10′E ) is the topographic feature that rises to about 3,750 metres ( 12,300 ft ) and forms the primary summit crater of Mount Erebus on Ross Island , Antarctica .
Erlanger Spur ( 83 ° 16′S 51 ° 6′W ) is a rock spur from the southwestern extremity of Lexington Table , Forrestal Range , in the Pensacola Mountains of Antarctica .
Hobbs Stream ( 77 ° 55′S 164 ° 30′E ) is a seasonal meltwater stream flowing from the mouth of Hobbs Glacier into Salmon Bay on the coast of Victoria Land , Antarctica .
Igloo Spur ( 77 ° 33′S 169 ° 16′E ) is a small , isolated spur 160 metres ( 520 ft ) high at the culmination of the general ridge extending southeast from Bomb Peak , at the east end of Ross Island , Antarctica .
Hermes Point ( 73 ° 35′S 166 ° 13′E ) is the seaward end of a ridge from the Mountaineer Range , situated at the confluence of Icebreaker Glacier and Fitzgerald Glacier along the coast of Victoria Land , Antarctica .
Gage Ridge ( 66 ° 54′S 51 ° 16′E ) is a partially snow - covered ridge , 7 nautical miles ( 13 km ) long , standing 2.5 nautical miles ( 5 km ) west of Mount Selwood in the Tula Mountains in Enderby Land , Antarctica .
Marchant Glacier ( 78 ° 6′S 162 ° 3′E ) is a glacier , about 7 nautical miles ( 13 km ) long , which drains the slopes of Rampart Ridge between Mount Bishop and Mount Potter and flows northwest to the vicinity of Mount Bockheim , in the Royal Society Range , Victoria Land , Antarctica .
Slab Point is a rocky point on the northwest coast of Varna Peninsula , Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands , Antarctica forming the north side of the entrance to Eliseyna Cove and the south side of the entrance to Charybdis Cove .
Derbyshire Peak ( 72 ° 31′S 161 ° 6′E ) is a small rock peak 4 nautical miles ( 7 km ) north - northeast of Mount Weihaupt in the Outback Nunataks , Victoria Land , Antarctica .
Camp Byers ( Spanish : Campamento Byers ) is a Spanish seasonal base camp on Byers Peninsula , Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands , Antarctica .
Dragash Point ( Bulgarian : нос Драгаш , `` Nos Dragash '' \'nos ' dra - gash\ ) is the rocky point forming the south extremity of Dee Island in the South Shetland Islands , Antarctica .
The Anderson Massif is a prominent ice - covered massif about 10 nautical miles ( 20 km ) across and rising to a height of 2,190 metres ( 7,190 ft ) , located at the junction of Splettstoesser Glacier and Minnesota Glacier in the Heritage Range of the Ellsworth Mountains , Antarctica .
Loqui Point ( 65 ° 55′S 64 ° 58′W ) is a point at the northern extremity of Velingrad Peninsula on the west coast of Graham Land , Antarctica .
The Atbarah River ( Arabic : نهر عطبرة‎ ; transliterated : Nahr ' Atbarah ) in northeast Africa rises in northwest Ethiopia , approximately 50 km north of Lake Tana and 30 km west of Gondar .
Pyke Glacier ( 64 ° 15′S 59 ° 36′W ) is a glacier 5 nautical miles ( 9 km ) long , flowing southward from Detroit Plateau , between Albone and Polaris Glaciers on Nordenskjöld Coast in northern Graham Land , Antarctica .
Level Valley ( 77 ° 59′S 161 ° 9′E ) is a distinctive ice - free valley which descends northeastward from the Pivot Peak cirque , in the Wilkniss Mountains of Victoria Land , Antarctica .
Låghamaren Cliff ( 72 ° 30′S 0 ° 30′E ) is a rock cliff forming the northwest end of the Hamrane Heights in the Sverdrup Mountains of Queen Maud Land , Antarctica .
Grace Rock is a rock in Bransfield Strait , Antarctica lying 1.72 kilometres ( 0.93 nmi ) off the southeast coast of Nelson Island in the South Shetland Islands .
Telemeter Glacier ( 77 ° 48′S 160 ° 12′E ) is a small glacier 1 mile ( 1.6 km ) southwest of Fireman Glacier in the west part of Quartermain Mountains , Victoria Land , Antarctica .
The Lazarev Ice Shelf is that part of the ice shelf fringing the Princess Astrid Coast of Queen Maud Land , Antarctica , that lies between Leningradskiy Island and Verblyud Island .
Rose Valley Glacier ( Bulgarian : Lednik Rozova Dolina \'led - nik ' ro - zo - va do - li-'na\ ) is a glacier on Varna Peninsula , eastern Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands , Antarctica situated northeast of Saedinenie Snowfield , northwest of Debelt Glacier and north of Panega Glacier .
Krok Island is an irregular - shaped island nearly 1.9 kilometres ( 1 nmi ) in extent , the largest of the group lying 1.9 kilometres ( 1 nmi ) south of Abrupt Island and 11 kilometres ( 6 nmi ) west of Hoseason Glacier , Antarctica .
The Herbert Mountains ( 80 ° 20′S 25 ° 30′W ) are a conspicuous group of rock summits on the east side of Gordon Glacier in the Shackleton Range of Antarctica .
Hanson Ridge ( 77 ° 17′S 163 ° 18′E ) is a prominent ice - free ridge situated 3 nautical miles ( 6 km ) northwest of Spike Cape , near the center of Wilson Piedmont Glacier in Victoria Land , Antarctica .
Pimpirev Ice Wall ( 62 ° 37′S 60 ° 24′W ) is the rectilinear ice slope running parallel to and some 100 m inland from the northwest coast of Emona Harbour in Livingston Island , Antarctica .
Imshaug Peninsula ( 70 ° 53′S 61 ° 35′W ) is a broad , snow - covered peninsula at the south side of Lehrke Inlet on the east coast of Palmer Land , Antarctica .
Ellis Ridge ( 74 ° 45′S 113 ° 54′W ) is an ice - covered ridge , 10 nautical miles ( 19 km ) long and 1.5 nautical miles ( 3 km ) wide , extending northeast from Jenkins Heights between Dorchuck Glacier and Keys Glacier , on the Walgreen Coast of Marie Byrd Land , Antarctica .
Mount Parry is a mountain in Stribog Mountains , Antarctica with an elevation of 2,520 metres ( 8,268 ft ) .
Harris Point ( 81 ° 35′S 161 ° 32′E ) is a rocky coastal point along the west side of the Ross Ice Shelf , Antarctica , located 6 nautical miles ( 11 km ) south of Young Head at the south side of Beaumont Bay .
Mount Belolikov ( 70 ° 29′S 162 ° 7′E ) is a mountain ( 1,120 m ) along the west wall of Gannutz Glacier , about 8 nautical miles ( 15 km ) west - northwest of Mount Bruce , in the Bowers Mountains , a major mountain range situated in the geographical Victoria Land , Antarctica .
The Langhovde Hills are an extensive area of bare rocky hills along the eastern shore of Lützow - Holm Bay , just south of Hovde Bay in Queen Maud Land , Antarctica .
Sinemorets Hill ( Halm Sinemorets \'h&lm si - ne-'mo - rets\ ) is the second most prominent ( after Hesperides Hill ) in the chain of hills surmounting Bulgarian Beach in eastern Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands , Antarctica .
The Amiot Islands are two groups of islands and rocks , the Ward Islands and Cumbers Reef , respectively , lying 17 kilometres ( 9 nmi ) west of Cape Adriasola , Adelaide Island , Antarctica .
Lloyd Hill is an ice - covered hill rising to 335 m in the southwest of Dryanovo Heights , Greenwich Island in the South Shetland Islands , Antarctica .
Baliza Hill is the conspicuous rocky hill rising to 40 m in the southeast extremity of Half Moon Island in the South Shetland Islands , Antarctica and surmounting Menguante Cove to the north - northwest , McFarlane Strait to the northeast and east , and Mugla Passage to the south .
Boil Point ( Bulgarian : нос Боил , `` Nos Boil '' \'nos bo-'il\ ) is the point forming the west side of the entrance to Retizhe Cove on the south coast of Trinity Peninsula in Graham Land , Antarctica .
Hoyt Head ( 74 ° 59′S 134 ° 36′W ) is a high rock headland forming the northeastern end of Bowyer Butte , located at the west side of Venzke Glacier on the coast of Marie Byrd Land , Antarctica .
Gavlen Ridge ( 72 ° 39′S 0 ° 27′E ) is a ridge forming the southern extremity of the Roots Heights , in the southern part of the Sverdrup Mountains in Queen Maud Land , Antarctica .
Jordan Nunatak ( 72 ° 9′S 101 ° 4′W ) is a nunatak standing between the heads of Rochray Glacier and Cox Glacier in the southwest part of Thurston Island , Antarctica .
Cape Smith is a cape forming the north end of Smith Island in the South Shetland Islands , Antarctica .
Kuno Cirque ( 80 ° 40′S 24 ° 55′W ) is a glacier - filled cirque between Glen Glacier and Murchison Cirque on the south side of the Read Mountains , Shackleton Range , Antarctica .
Gurnon Peninsula ( 74 ° 22′S 110 ° 35′W ) is a completely ice - covered peninsula about 10 nautical miles ( 20 km ) long , between Park Glacier and Bunner Glacier in the northeast part of Bear Peninsula , Walgreen Coast , Marie Byrd Land , Antarctica .
Red Cross War Memorial Children 's Hospital in Cape Town , South Africa was opened in 1956 through public subscription as a memorial to soldiers lost in the Second World War .
The Deutsche Oper Berlin is an opera company located in the Charlottenburg district of Berlin , Germany .
Hazrat Shahjalal International Airport ( Bengali : হযরত শাহ্‌জালাল আন্তর্জাতিক বিমানবন্দর Hôzrôt Shahjalal Antôrjatik Bimanbôndôr ) ( IATA : DAC , ICAO : VGHS ) is the largest airport in Bangladesh .
Trélod is a mountain of Savoie and Haute - Savoie in France .
Dashkin is a village in the district Astore , 85 km from Gilgit , capital of Gilgit - Baltistan , Pakistan .
Gurkavan ( Persian : گوركاون‎ , also Romanized as Gūrkāvan ) is a village in Abtar Rural District , in the Central District of Iranshahr County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
The Independent Electricity System Operator ( IESO ) is a Crown corporation responsible for operating the electricity market and directing the operation of the bulk electrical system in the province of Ontario , Canada .
Warners Bay High School is a secondary school situated in the suburb of Warners Bay in Lake Macquarie , New South Wales , Australia .
Katula ( Persian : كتولا‎ , also Romanized as Katūlā ) is a village in Shalil Rural District , Miankuh District , Ardal County , Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province , Iran .
Hollerich railway station ( Luxembourgish : Gare Hollerech , French : Gare de Hollerich , German : Bahnhof Hollerich ) is a railway station serving Hollerich , a quarter in the south - west of Luxembourg City , in southern Luxembourg .
Oghuldara ( Azerbaijani : Oğuldərə ) is a village in Lachin district of Azerbaijan .
Odessa International Airport ( Ukrainian : Міжнародний аеропорт `` Одеса '' ) ( IATA : ODS , ICAO : UKOO ) is the international airport of Odessa , the third largest city of Ukraine , located 7 km ( 4.3 mi ) southwest from its city centre .
The Pokhara Rangasala boasts to be Nepal 's biggest athletics and sports venue in terms of space occupied ( More than 400 ropanies of land ) .
Lake Kundi ( Swahili : `` group '' ) is located in South Darfur , Sudan , Africa .
Olempin ( ɔˈlɛmpin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Markuszów , within Puławy County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Jasikan is a small town and is the capital of Jasikan district , a district in the Volta Region of Ghana .
The National Gallery of Modern Art , Lagos ( NGMA ) is a major art gallery in Lagos , the largest city of Nigeria .
Our Lady of Tinos ( Greek : Παναγία Ευαγγελίστρια της Τήνου , Panagía Evangelístria tēs Tēnou , lit . `` The All - Holy Bringer of Good News '' , and Μεγαλόχαρη της Τήνου , Megalócharē tēs Tēnou , lit . `` She of Great Grace '' ) is the major Marian shrine in Greece .
The Roc de Chère National Nature Reserve is a major ecologic site in southeastern France .
The Ministry of Education , Research and Religious Affairs ( ) is a government department of Greece .
Plauen ( German pronunciation : ( ˈplaʊ̯ən ) ) is a town in the Free State of Saxony , east - central Germany .
The Waalbrug is an arch bridge over the Waal River in Nijmegen , Gelderland , the Netherlands .
Hesar Dar ( Persian : حصاردار‎ , also Romanized as Ḩeşār Dār and Hassārdār ) is a village in Qaleh Zari Rural District , Jolgeh - e Mazhan District , Khusf County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Gallo Record Company is the largest ( and oldest independent ) record label in South Africa .
Cantabria belongs to Green Spain , the name given to the strip of land between the Bay of Biscay and the Cantabrian Mountains , so called because of its particularly lush vegetation , due to the wet and moderate oceanic climate .
During British rule though most of the area around Modasa was under state of Idar , Modasa was under direct control of British government in India .
The Kitchener River is a river of in the Otago region of New Zealand .
Kollovoz ( Albanian : Kollovoz , from Slavic kolovoz ) is a village in the former Shishtavec municipality in Kukës County , Albania .
San Juan Tecuaco ( Spanish pronunciation : ( saŋ ˈxwan teˈkwako ) ) is a municipality in the Santa Rosa department of Guatemala .
Gijali - ye Pain ( Persian : گيجالي پائين‎ , also Romanized as Gījālī - ye Pā’īn ; also known as Gījālī - ye Soflá ) is a village in Valanjerd Rural District , in the Central District of Borujerd County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Gries Pass ( 2469 m. ) ( Italian : Passo del Gries , German : Griespass ) is a mountain pass between Valais , Switzerland and Formazza , Italy .
Al al - Bayt University , often abbreviated ( AABU ) , is one of the public universities in Jordan .
Yayva River ( Russian : Яйва ) is a river in Perm Krai , Russia , left tributary of Kama River .
Daskot ( Bulgarian : Дъскот ) is a Bulgarian village in Pavlikeni Municipality , Veliko Tarnovo Province in North Bulgaria .
Thomm is a municipality in the Trier - Saarburg district , in Rhineland - Palatinate , Germany , near Trier on the river Moselle .
The Käsivarsi Wilderness Area ( Finnish : Käsivarren erämaa - alue ) is the second - largest wilderness reserve in Finland .
Lapin Agile is a famous Montmartre cabaret , at 22 Rue des Saules , 18th arrondissement of Paris , France .
Kabudband ( Persian : كبودبند‎ , also Romanized as Kabūdband ) is a village in Poshtkuh Rural District , in the Central District of Firuzkuh County , Tehran Province , Iran .
Värmland County ( Värmlands län ) is a county or län in west central Sweden .
Widerøe Flight 744 , also known as the Namsos Accident ( Norwegian : Namsos - ulykken ) , was a controlled flight into terrain of a de Havilland Canada DHC-6 - 300 Twin Otter during approach to Namsos Airport , Høknesøra in Norway .
Walting is a municipality in the district of Eichstätt in Bavaria , Germany .
Wasilków ( vaˈɕilkuf ) is a town in north - eastern Poland , about 8 km north of Białystok , with 8,751 inhabitants ( 2004 ) .
Adisham Hall , or Adisham Bungalow is a country house near Haputale , in the Badulla District , Sri Lanka .
The German Handball Association ( German : Deutscher Handballbund ) ( DHB ) is the national Handball association in Germany .
Lake Toplitz ( German : Toplitzsee ) is a lake situated in a dense mountain forest high up in the Austrian Alps , 98 km ( 61 mi ) from Salzburg in western Austria .
Universidad de Falcón is a private university located in the city of Punto Fijo , Falcón State , Venezuela .
Pissila is a city of about 27,577 ( 2012 est . ) in the province of Sanmatenga in Burkina Faso .
Vanderbijlpark ( Dutch pronunciation : ( fɐndɛrbɛi̯lˈpɑːrk ) ) is an industrial city with 95 000 inhabitants on the Vaal River in the south of the Gauteng province of South Africa .
Gornje Brezovo ( pronounced ( ˈɡoːɾnjɛ ˈbɾeːzɔʋɔ ) ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Sevnica in central Slovenia .
The Hamburg U - Bahn is a rapid transit system serving the cities of Hamburg , Norderstedt and Ahrensburg in Germany .
Qaleh - ye Juy ( Persian : قلعه جوي‎ , also Romanized as Qal``eh - ye Jūy ) is a village in Balesh Rural District , in the Central District of Darab County , Fars Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 32 , in 6 families .
Settlers Dam is situated outside Grahamstown , South Africa , east of the Kariega and Palmiet River 's confluence .
The Monte Catria is a mountain in the central Apennines , in the province of Pesaro e Urbino , Marche , central Italy .
Costa Valle Imagna is a comune counting 620 inhabitants in the province of Bergamo , in Lombardy , Italy .
The Vancouver Convention Centre ( formerly known as the Vancouver Convention & Exhibition Centre , or VCEC ) , is a convention centre in Vancouver , British Columbia , Canada ; it is one of Canada 's largest convention centres .
Fizik ( Persian : فيزيك‎ , also Romanized as Fīzīk ; also known as Fezīk and Fīzak ) is a village in Fakhrud Rural District , Qohestan District , Darmian County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Hingaia is a rural coastal suburb of Auckland , New Zealand .
The Las Mercedes Municipality is one of the 15 municipalities ( municipios ) that makes up the central Venezuelan state of Guárico and , according to a 2010 population estimate by the National Institute of Statistics of Venezuela , the municipality has a population of 31,825 .
Qalilu ( Persian : قليلو‎ , also Romanized as Qalīlū ) is a village in Bakeshluchay Rural District , in the Central District of Urmia County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Gunwalloe ( Cornish : Gwynnwalow ) is a coastal civil parish and a village in Cornwall , England , United Kingdom .
Hurleyville is a community in south Taranaki , in the western North Island of New Zealand .
Kangasjärvi is a small clear lake in Isojoki , Finland .
Rivne ( Ukrainian : Рівне , Russian : Ровно ; Polish : Równe ) is a historic city in western Ukraine and the historical region of Volhynia .
The Loop Live festival is a music festival in Bulgaria .
Biadoliny Radłowskie ( bjadɔˈlinɨ raˈdwɔfskʲɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wojnicz , within Tarnów County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Bloemfontein High School ( Afrikaans : Hoërskool Bloemfontein ) is a secondary school in Bloemfontein , Free State , South Africa .
The Rampe de Laffrey ( sometimes called the descente de Laffrey or the côte de Laffrey ) is a section of France 's Route nationale 85 , today called the Route Napoléon , located in the department of Isère between the communes of Laffrey and Vizille , about fifteen kilometers southeast of Grenoble .
Gowd - e Asia ( Persian : گوداسيا‎ , also Romanized as Gowd - e Āsīā ) is a village in Qasabeh - ye Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Sabzevar County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Tell Zeitoun also called Tell Dnaibe , is an arcaheological site 8 kilometres ( 5.0 mi ) southwest of Rashaya in Lebanon at an altitude of 900 metres ( 3,000 ft ) .
Retamim ( Hebrew : רְתָמִים ) is a kibbutz in the central Negev desert in southern Israel .
Muurla ( Finnish pronunciation : ( ˈmuːrlɑ ) ) is a former municipality of Finland .
Kimvula ( or Kimbula ) is a community in Lukaya District of Bas - Congo Province in the Democratic Republic of the Congo .
Radojevo ( Serbian Cyrillic : Радојево ) is a village in Serbia .
Spodnja Hrušica ( pronounced ( ˈspoːdnja ˈxɾuːʃitsa ) ; in older sources also Dolenja Hrušica , German : Unterbirnbaum ) is a formerly independent settlement southeast of the capital Ljubljana in central Slovenia .
Fitzherbert Park is a cricket ground in Palmerston North in New Zealand , a home ground of the Central Districts .
Delhi District Secondary School is a publicly funded high school that is located near downtown Delhi in Norfolk County , Ontario , Canada .
Eriksholm Castle is a manor house located at the foot of the Isefjord inlet , 6 km south - east of Holbæk , in east Denmark .
Nieciszów ( ɲeˈt͡ɕiʂuf ) ( German : Netsche ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Oleśnica , within Oleśnica County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Singsaker is an area of Trondheim , Norway located north of Moholt , east of Gløshaugen , west of Tyholt and Rosenborg and south of Bakklandet .
Benghazi Military University Academy is a military academy in Benghazi in Libya .
The Alberta Wheat Pool was the first of Canada 's wheat farmer co - operatives in 1923 .
Ferzikovo ( Russian : Фе́рзиково ) is an urban locality ( a settlement ) and the administrative center of Ferzikovsky District of Kaluga Oblast , Russia , located 32 kilometers ( 20 mi ) east of Kaluga and approximately 3 kilometers ( 1.9 mi ) south of the Kaluga--
Bruce Purser Reserve is a sports facility in Kellyville , an outer suburb of Sydney , Australia .
Skyper is a building complex in the Bahnhofsviertel district of Frankfurt , Germany .
Hanyang University is a private research university in South Korea .
Xanis ( Pashto : خه نس‎ ) is a Kurdish village near Ain Sifni , شيخان in northern Iraq .
Gò Công Province was a former province of the former South Vietnam from 1924 till 1976 .
The Episcopal Diocese of Texas is one of the dioceses of the Episcopal Church in the United States of America .
Castres Cathedral ( Cathédrale Saint - Benoît de Castres ) , now the Roman Catholic church of Saint Benoît ( Saint Benedict ) , is a historical religious building in Castres , Languedoc , France .
Manam , known locally as Manam Motu , is an island located in the Bismarck Sea across the Stephan Strait from Yawar on the northeast coast of mainland Papua New Guinea 's Bogia District .
Damsholte Church , the only Rococo village church in Denmark is to be found in the western part of the village close to the Marienborg Estate .
Pope Palace ( Latvian : Popes muižas pils ) is a palace in Pope parish , an administrative unit of the Ventspils municipality in the historical region of Courland , in western Latvia .
Kolontár ( Hungarian pronunciation : ( ˈkolontaːɾ ) ) is a village in Veszprém county , Hungary .
Wilderman Medical Clinic is a multidisciplinary medical clinic located in Thornhill , Ontario , Canada .
Polar Studios was a recording studio in Stockholm , Sweden , which operated from 1978 through 2004 .
Potencjonów ( pɔtɛnt͡sˈjɔnuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błędów , within Grójec County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Bjorli ( or Bjørli ) is a village in Lesja municipality in Oppland , Norway that lies on the Rauma river near the western municipality border .
Juval Castle ( German : Schloss Juval ; Italian : Castel Juval ( kaˈstɛl juˈval ) ) is a medieval castle located at the entrance of the Schnalstal , in the Vinschgau , above the village of Naturns in the comune of Kastelbell - Tschars at around 1000 meters above sea level , in South Tyrol , Italy .
Kiev Central Bus Station ( Ukrainian : Центральний автовокзал Києва ) is the main and the largest bus station in Kiev , Ukraine .
Society and Defence ( Swedish : Folk och Försvar ) is a Swedish non - governmental organisation which acts as a forum for debate over defence and national security issues in Sweden .
The Mühleberg Nuclear Power Plant ( German : Kernkraftwerk Mühleberg , KKM ) is located in the Mühleberg municipality in the ( Canton of Berne , Switzerland ) north of the village of Mühleberg and near a hydroelectric plant .
Jeløy Radio ( Norwegian : Jeløy radio ) is a radio station situated on the peninsula of Jeløya in Moss , Norway .
The Nanyang Technological University Libraries consist of 8 libraries located within the Nanyang Technological University campus in Jurong , Singapore .
Tsitika Mountain is a mountain on Vancouver Island , British Columbia , Canada , located 18 km ( 11 mi ) southeast of Telegraph Cove and 34 km ( 21 mi ) northwest of Mount Abel .
Otoyol 53 ( English : Motorway 53 ) , abbreviated as O-53 , also known as Ceyhan - İskenderun Otoyolu ( English : Ceyhan - İskenderun Motorway ) , is a toll motorway in Mediterranean Region , Turkey , connecting the Adana - Şanlıurfa Motorway O-52 with İskenderun .
Madliena Tower ( Maltese : Torri tal - Madliena ) , originally known as Torre della Paulina , is a small watchtower in Madliena , limits of Pembroke , Malta .
Beltinci ( pronounced ( ˈbeːltintsi ) ; Prekmurje Slovene : Böltinci , Hungarian : Belatinc or Belatincz , German : ( Alt)Fellsdorf ) is a town in the Prekmurje region of northeastern Slovenia .
Lago del Barbellino Naturale is a lake in the municipality of Valbondione , Lombardy , Italy .
Sirdaryo also spelled as Syrdarya ( Uzbek : Sirdaryo / Сирдарё ; Russian : Сырдарья ) is a city in Sirdaryo Region of Uzbekistan .
The Schwalmis is a mountain of the Urner Alps , overlooking Lake Lucerne in Central Switzerland .
Wólka Łęczeszycka ( ˈvulka wɛnt͡ʂɛˈʂɨt͡ska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Belsk Duży , within Grójec County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Cholfirst Tunnel is a tunnel in Switzerland .
Baegambong ( 백암봉 ) is a mountain of Jeollabuk - do , western South Korea .
Olukonda is a settlement in the Oshikoto Region in the north of Namibia .
Star Aviation is an airline based at Hassi Messaoud , Algeria .
The Signalkuppe ( in German , pronounced seen - yall - koo - pay ) also known as Punta Gnifetti ( in Italian ) ( 4,554 m ) is a peak in the Pennine Alps on the border between Italy and Switzerland .
Kurunegala ( Sinhalese : කුරුණෑගල , Tamil : குருணாகல் ) is a major city in Sri Lanka .
Sibay Airport ( ICAO : UWUA ) is an airport in Russia located 5 km east of Sibay .
Engwiller ( German : Engweiler ) is a commune , in the Bas - Rhin department in Alsace - Champagne - Ardenne - Lorraine in north - eastern France .
Glostrup was a station on the new railway , Denmark 's first , which opened between Copenhagen and Roskilde .
Khiprianwala Island is a small island located in the Arabian Sea off the coast of Karachi , Sindh , Pakistan .
Khreshchatyk ( Ukrainian : Хрещатик , Khreshchatyk ; ) is the main street of Kiev , Ukraine .
Shurok - e Hajji ( Persian : شورك حاجي‎ , also Romanized as Shūrok - e Ḩājjī , Shūrak - e Hājī , Shūrak - e Ḩājjī , and Shūrak Hājī ) is a village in Shirin Darreh Rural District , in the Central District of Quchan County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Praia do Xai - Xai is a beach which is a tourist destination in Mozambique .
Pluskota ( plusˈkɔta ) ( German : Stadtmühl ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wałcz , within Wałcz County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
The Beaten Track Brewery is an Australian brewery , located in the city of Kalgoorlie - Boulder , in the heart of the Goldfields - Esperance region of Western Australia .
Barrow Strait is a shipping waterway in Northern Canada 's territory of Nunavut .
Krivo Brdo ( pronounced ( ˈkɾiːʋɔ ˈbəɾdɔ ) ; German : Kriv ) is a small settlement in the hills between the valleys of the Poljane Sora and Selca Sora rivers in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia .
Arshaly ( Russian : Аршалы ) is a settlement in northern - central Kazakhstan .
Falealupo is a village in Samoa situated at the west end of Savai'i island 20 miles ( 32 km ) from the International Date Line used until December 29 , 2011 .
Bilorichenska coal mine ( Ukrainian : Шахта `` Білоріченська '' ) ranks among the biggest companies of Ukraine .
Chojewo - Kolonia ( xɔˈjɛvɔ kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Brańsk , within Bielsk County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
The Stuart Highway is one of Australia 's major highways .
Takestan - e Sadrabad ( Persian : تاكستان صدراباد‎ , also Romanized as Tākestān - e Şadrābād ) is a village in Zarqan Rural District , Zarqan District , Shiraz County , Fars Province , Iran .
Stäketskogen Nature Reserve ( Swedish : Stäketskogens naturreservat ) is a nature reserve in Upplands - Bro Municipality , Stockholm County in Sweden .
Inhyeon - dong is a legal dong , or neighbourhood of the Jung - gu district in Seoul , South Korea and governed by its administrative dongs , Gwanghui - dong and Euljiro 3 , 4 , 5ga - dong .
Grønvatnet is a lake in the municipality of Skjåk in Oppland county , Norway , within the mountain range Tafjordfjella .
Tierradentro is a National archeological park in the jurisdiction of the municipality of Inza , Department of Cauca , Colombia .
Chawa is a very old village in Bhalwal Tehsil near the town of Bhera , Sargodha District , Pakistan .
Stárkov ( German : Starkstadt ) is a town in the Czech Republic in the district of Nachod .
Hornbækbukta is a bay at the southeastern side of Jan Mayen , Norway .
Haçaqaya ( also , Achakaya ) is a village in the Goygol Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Studholme College is a residential college of the University of Otago in Dunedin , New Zealand , situated on Clyde Street , a few minutes walk northeast of the university .
Ghabaghib ( Arabic : غباغب‎ Ğabāğib ; also spelled Ghabagheb ) is a town in southern Syria , administratively part of the Daraa Governorate , located north of Daraa .
The Queenscliff Low Light , also known as the Queenscliff White Lighthouse , is a lighthouse in the township of Queenscliff in the Borough of Queenscliffe , Victoria , Australia , at the eastern end of the Bellarine Peninsula .
Cirkovljan ( Hungarian : Drávaegyház ) is a village in Međimurje County , Croatia .
Dumitra ( German : Mettersdorf ; Hungarian : Nagydemeter ) is a commune in Bistriţa - Năsăud County , Romania .
Shaba National Reserve is a protected area in northern Kenya to the east of the Samburu and Buffalo Springs national reserves .
The Naval Museum of Montevideo ( Spanish : Museo Naval de Montevideo ) is located in the Pocitos neighbourhood , Montevideo , Uruguay .
Certeze ( German : Neudorf ; Hungarian : Avasújfalu , Hungarian pronunciation : ( ˈɒvɒʃuːjfɒlu ) ) is a commune of 5,560 inhabitants situated in Satu Mare County , Romania .
Saskatchewan International Raceway , also known as SIR , is a drag racing facility located 13 kilometers south of Saskatoon , Saskatchewan , Canada .
Munkbrohamnen ( Swedish : `` Monk 's Bridge Harbour '' ) is a quay and a footway passing along the western waterfront of Gamla stan , the old town in central Stockholm , Sweden .
Birrong Girls High School is a public girls high school in Sydney 's Birrong suburb in Australia .
The Pamir National Park ( also known as Pamersky , Pamirsky or Tajik National Park ) is a national park and nature reserve in eastern Tajikistan .
Cueva de los Casares is a cave in Riba de Saelices in Guadalajara , Spain .
Sultan of Selangor is the title of the constitutional ruler of Selangor , Malaysia .
The Mediene is the name given to all the Jewish kehillot in the Netherlands outside of the capital Amsterdam , the historical center of Dutch Judaism .
Pisia ( Greek : Πίσια ) is a village and a community in northeastern Corinthia , Greece .
Hafragilsfoss is a waterfall in Iceland .
Murisipán - tepui , also spelled Murosipán or Murochiopán , is one of the four main tepuis of the Los Testigos chain in Bolívar , Venezuela .
Eskihüsnümansur , Adıyaman is a village in the District of Adıyaman , Adıyaman Province , Turkey .
Aşağı Ağcakənd ( also , Ashagi Agchakand , Ashagy Agdzhakend , Nerkishen , Nizhniy Agdzhakend , Novo Agdzhakend , Shahoumian , Shahumyan , Shaumyan , and Shaumyanovsk ) is a village in the Goranboy Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Oppdal Airport , Fagerhaug ( Norwegian : Oppdal flyplass , Fagerhaug ; ICAO : ENOP ) is an airport serving Oppdal , in Sør - Trøndelag county , Norway .
Fernana is a town and commune in the Jendouba Governorate about 170 km from Tunis , Tunisia .
Colonia Vista Alegre is a colonia in the Cuauhtémoc borough of Mexico City just south of the city 's historic center .
Pachatusan ( Quechua pacha earth , tusa , a prop to support a wall or building , pachatusa prop of the earth , -n a suffix ) is a mountain northeast of the city of Cusco in the Andes of Peru , about 4,842 metres ( 15,886 ft ) high .
The Munttoren ( `` Coin Tower '' ) or Munt is a tower in Amsterdam , the Netherlands .
The Governor of Kiev Oblast ( Ukrainian : Губернатор Київської області , Hubernator Kyivs’koi oblasti ) or officially , the Chairman of the Kiev Oblast State Administration ( Ukrainian : Голова Київської обласної державної адміністрації , Holova Kyiv’skoi oblasnoi derzhavnoi administratsii ) is the chairman of the executive branch of Kiev Oblast , a province in northern Ukraine .
Wermelskirchen is a town in the Rheinisch - Bergischer Kreis , in North Rhine - Westphalia , Germany , southeast of Remscheid .
Oliver Cove Marine Provincial Park , also known as Port Blackney , is a provincial park at the southwest end of if the Don Peninsula on the North Coast of British Columbia , Canada .
Oktyabrsk ( Russian : Октябрьск ) is a town in Samara Oblast , Russia , located on the right bank of the Volga River ( Saratov Reservoir ) , 154 kilometers ( 96 mi ) from Samara .
Velobike ( Russian : Велобайк ) is a bicycle sharing system run by the city of Moscow , Russia .
Gobi Gurvansaikhan National Park ( Mongolian : Говь гурван сайхан байгалийн цогцолбор газар , Gobi three beauties nature complex ) is a national park in southern Mongolia .
Amirabad - e Panjahopanj ( Persian : اميراباد55‎ , also Romanized as Amīrābād - e Panjahopanj ) is a village in Sarvestan Rural District , in the Central District of Sarvestan County , Fars Province , Iran .
The Datsan Gunzechoinei is a large Buddhist temple in Saint Petersburg , Russia .
The Roazhon Park , until 2015 named Stade de la Route de Lorient , is a football stadium in Rennes , Brittany , France .
Froebel College of Education was one of five colleges in Ireland which is recognized by the Department of Education and Skills for the training and education of national school teachers .
Fort Assiniboine is a hamlet in northwest Alberta , Canada , within Woodlands County .
Vlahinje ( Serbian : Влахиње ) is a village in the municipality of Breza , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Lac du Bonnet , Manitoba is a town in Manitoba , Canada located 115 kilometres ( 71 mi ) northeast of Winnipeg on the west shore of the Winnipeg River .
Csonkamindszent ( Croatian : Senta ) is a village in Baranya county , Hungary .
Anandalok Hospital ( Hindi : आनंदलोक अस्पताल ) is non - profit multi - specialty hospital located in Sector - II , Block - DK of Salt Lake City , Kolkata , India .
Cusco Province is the smallest of thirteen provinces in the Cusco Region in the southern highlands of Peru .
The City Bus Station , also called the Civic Bus Interchange , is located in Canberra , Australia and services the central Canberra and Gungahlin areas .
Afula Illit Stadium ( Hebrew : איצטדיון עפולה עילית‎ , Itztadion Afula Illit ) , is a football stadium in Afula , Israel .
Litvínov ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈlɪtviːnof ) ; German : Leutensdorf ) is a town in the Ústí nad Labem Region of the Czech Republic .
Diego Martin is an urban commercial center and capital city of the Diego Martin Region in Trinidad and Tobago .
Banksia Hill Juvenile Detention Centre is an Australian juvenile prison facility for offenders aged 10 - -18 years , located at Canning Vale , Western Australia .
Mohri Sharif ( Urdu موہری شریف ) is a village in Tehsil Kharian , in the Gujrat District of Punjab , Pakistan .
Hohenlohe - Waldenburg - Schillingsfürst was a county in northeastern Baden - Württemberg , Germany .
Sagsai ( Mongolian : Сагсай ) is a sum ( district ) of Bayan - Ölgii Province in western Mongolia .
Givat Haim ( Ihud ) ( Hebrew : גבעת חיים ( איחוד)‎ , lit . the hill of life ( Khaim 's Hill ) ( Union ) ) is a kibbutz near Hadera in Israel .
The National Change Union ( Unión del Cambio Nacional ) is a right - wing political party in Guatemala .
Barda Balka is an archeological site near the Little Zab and Chamchamal in the north of modern - day Iraq .
Achaea ( /əˈkiːə/ ) or Achaia ( /əˈkaɪə/ ) , sometimes transliterated from Greek as Akhaïa ( Greek : Αχαΐα Achaïa , ( axaˈia ) ) , is one of the regional units of Greece .
The Auckland Northern Motorway ( known locally as the Northern Motorway , and historically as the Auckland -- Waiwera Motorway ) in the Auckland Region of New Zealand links central Auckland City and Puhoi in the former Rodney District via the Hibiscus Coast and North Shore .
Khvosh Qadam ( Persian : خوش قدم‎ , also Romanized as Khowsh Qadam and Khūsh Qadam ) is a village in Dustan Rural District , Badreh District , Darreh Shahr County , Ilam Province , Iran .
The Gau Westphalia - North ( German : Gau Westfalen - Nord ) was an administrative division of Nazi Germany encompassing the Free State of Lippe , Free State of Schaumburg - Lippe and the northern half of the Prussian province of Westphalia between 1933 and 1945 .
Starhotels Anderson is a 4 star hotel located next to the central station in Milan , Italy , owned by the Starhotels group .
Xavier Institute of Social Service ( XISS ) ( Hindi : जेवियर समाज सेवा संस्थान ( एक्सआईएसएस ) ) is a Jesuit - run business school in Ranchi , India .
Bampur - e Sharqi Rural District ( Persian : دهستان بمپورشرقي‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Bampur County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
The Kraków Zoo is located in Kraków , Poland and was established in 1929 .
Zozu is an alcoholic beverage similar to a beer and locally made by the Zomi ( the Zo people ) , in northwestern Myanmar ( Chin State , Myanmar ) .
Jadh Ganga , ( Hindi : जाध गंगा ) also called Jahnavi River is a tributary of Bhagirathi in Uttarakhand state of India .
Sagarpara is a Small town in Jalangi subdivision of Murshidabad district in the India .
Limketkai Center is a mixed - use development in Cagayan de Oro City , Philippines .
Pusté Žibřidovice ( German : Wüst Seibersdorf ) is a village in the Šumperk District in Olomouc Region of Czech Republic .
Of the ten cantons comprising the Federation of Bosnia Herzegovina , Herzegovina - Neretva Canton is one of two cantons , the other being the Central Bosnia Canton , which have an ethnically mixed population of Bosniak and Croat peoples .
The Dagger Complex is a US military base in Darmstadt ( Germany ) , close to Griesheim .
The Papaloteca River is a river whose mouth runs through Nueva Armenia , in Honduras , flowing into the Caribbean Sea .
Episcopal Diocese of Milwaukee , originally the Diocese of Wisconsin is the diocese of the Episcopal Church in the United States of America located in the southern area of Wisconsin .
Równianki ( ruvˈɲaŋki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rudnik , within Krasnystaw County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Dodanovići ( Serbian Cyrillic : Додановићи ) is a village in the municipality of Trebinje , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
University Institute of Technology RGPV , popularly known as UIT RGPV or UIT RGTU , is a public institution located in Bhopal , India .
Kenton - on - Sea , more commonly known as Kenton , is a small coastal town on the Sunshine Coast , in the Eastern Cape of South Africa .
Yastrebna ( Bulgarian : Ястребна ) is a village in northeastern Bulgaria , part of the Sitovo Municipality , Silistra Province .
Singo is a village in the far north of Ivory Coast .
Wola Szkucka ( ˈvɔla ˈʂkut͡ska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Fałków , within Końskie County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Gildone is a hill town and comune in the province of Campobasso , in the Molise region ( southern Italy ) .
Berle Church ( Norwegian : Berle kyrkje ) is a local church community center ( arbeidskyrkje ) in the village of Berle in Bremanger Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county , Norway .
Turnbull Field was an aerodrome near Gili Gili , Papua New Guinea .
Parakal is a family name and a Kerala in Kottayam district in the state of Kerala in India .
Hakea laurina is a plant of Southwest Australia that is widely cultivated and admired .
Skåtøy Church ( or Skåtøy kirke in Norwegian ) is a church on Skåtøy , an island in the skerries outside the town of Kragerø , Norway .
Sakteng is a town in Trashigang District in far eastern Bhutan .
Brezno ( pronunciation ; 1927 - 1948 Brezno nad Hronom , German : Bries or Briesen , Hungarian : Breznóbánya ) is a town in central Slovakia , with a population of 21,534 ( 2013 ) .
The Aceh Tsunami Museum , located in Banda Aceh , Indonesia , is a museum designed as a symbolic reminder of the 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake and tsunami disaster , as well as an educational center and an emergency disaster shelter in case the area is ever hit by a tsunami again .
Wang Tau Hom Estate ( Chinese : 橫頭磡邨 ) is a public housing estate in Wang Tau Hom , Wong Tai Sin , Kowloon , Hong Kong , along Lung Cheung Road and next to Lok Fu .
Long Grove Hospital , formerly Long Grove Asylum was a mental hospital , part of the Epsom Cluster of hospitals in Epsom , Surrey in the United Kingdom .
Susendal Church ( Norwegian : Susendal kirke ) is a parish church in the municipality of Hattfjelldal in Nordland county , Norway .
Mendaro is a town located in the province of Gipuzkoa , in the Autonomous Community of Basque Country , northern Spain .
Braga Street ( official name in Indonesian : Jalan Braga ) is a small street in the center of Bandung , Indonesia , which was famous in the 1920s as a promenade street .
Voslapp Range Rear Light ( German : Voslapp Oberfeuer ) is an active lighthouse and range light in Voslapp , state of Lower Saxony , Germany .
Mount Eccles is an inactive volcano in southwestern Victoria , Australia near Macarthur .
Paama ( Paama language : Voum ) is a small island in the Malampa Province , Vanuatu .
The Bibliothèque Méjanes is a municipal library in Aix - en - Provence , France .
Die Presse is a German language daily broadsheet newspaper based in Vienna , Austria .
The Tarnak River is a river of Ghazni , Zabul and Kandahar provinces of Afghanistan .
Newfoundland and Labrador Route 350 , commonly known as The Botwood Highway is a side highway in Central Newfoundland that leads from the Trans - Canada Highway near Bishop 's Falls and Grand Falls - Windsor to Botwood , Newfoundland and Labrador and Point Leamington .
Torre Sant Sebastià is a 78 metre tall free standing lattice tower in Barcelona , Catalonia , Spain which is used as a suspension cable station .
Tazeh Kand District ( Persian : بخش تازه‌کند‎ ) is a district ( bakhsh ) in Parsabad County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Tai Po Sam Yuk Secondary School ( `` TPSY '' Chinese : 大埔三育中學 ) is a co - educational Christian secondary school , located in Tai Po , New Territories , Hong Kong .
Heimaey stave church is a close replica of Haltdalen stave church situated in the Skansinn area of the harbour of Vestmannaeyjabær on Heimaey , Vestmannaeyjar , Iceland .
Nea Vyssa ( Greek : Νέα Βύσσα ) is a village in the northeastern part of the Evros regional unit in Greece .
The Lindsay Post was a newspaper in Lindsay , Ontario , Canada , that was established as The Canadian Post in 1857 in Beaverton before being moved to Lindsay in 1861 .
Elected in the Tamil Nadu state assembly election , 2011 , M.V.Karuppaih of the All India Anna Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam represents Sholavandan in the Tamil Nadu Legislative Assembly .
Papallacta is a small village in Napo Province , Ecuador located at an altitude of 3,300 m in the Andes just off the Eastern Cordilleras on the road from Quito which leads into the Amazon jungle .
Byumba Province was one of the 12 former provinces ( intara ) of Rwanda and was situated in the north of the country , sharing a border with Uganda .
Słubica - Wieś ( swuˈbit͡sa ˈvjɛɕ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żabia Wola , within Grodzisk Mazowiecki County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Kuh Hamayi Rural District ( Persian : دهستان كوه همائي‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Rud Ab District , Sabzevar County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Holy Trinity Cathedral Church ( Sialkot Cathedral ) is located in Sialkot Pakistan .
Termoli ( Molisano : Térmle ) is a town and comune ( municipality ) on the Adriatic coast of Italy , in the province of Campobasso , region of Molise .
The Zobor Abbey was a Benedictine monastery established at Zobor ( today part of Nitra , Slovakia ) in the Kingdom of Hungary .
Heridun - e Zirkal ( Persian : هريدون زيركل‎ , also Romanized as Herīdūn - e Zīrkal ; also known as Herīdūn ) is a village in Tayebi - ye Sarhadi - ye Sharqi Rural District , Charusa District , Kohgiluyeh County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Tarchały Małe ( tarˈxawɨ ˈmawɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Odolanów , within Ostrów Wielkopolski County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Moyale Airport ( IATA : OYL , ICAO : HKMY ) , also referred to as Moyale Lower Airport , is an airport located in the town of Moyale , Marsabit County , in the northern part of the Republic of Kenya , at the international border with Ethiopia .
Phrae ( Thai : แพร่ ; pronounced ( pʰrɛ̂ː ) ) is a town ( thesaban mueang ) in northern Thailand , capital of Phrae Province .
Norwegian County Road 63 ( Norwegian : Fylkesvei 63 or Fv63 ) is a Norwegian county road in Møre og Romsdal county and a very small part in Oppland county , Norway .
Harmanecká Cave or Harmanec Cave ( Slovak : Harmanecká jaskyňa , Hungarian : Hermándi barlang ) is a stalactite cave in Central Slovakia .
The Rizal Memorial Track and Football Stadium , simply known as the Rizal Memorial Stadium since it is the main stadium within the Rizal Memorial Sports Complex , is the national stadium of the Philippines .
The Yangon Zoological Gardens ( Yangon Zoo ) ( Burmese : ရန်ကုန် တိရိစ္ဆာန် ဥယျာဉ် ( jàɴɡòʊɴ təɹeɪʔsʰàɴ ʔṵjɪ̀ɴ ) ) is the oldest and the second largest zoo in Myanmar .
The United Kingdom Census 2011 , reflecting the local authority 's expansion of the ward , at a high degree of precision split a new version of Sheerwater in two between local authority ' super output areas ' 004E and 004F , the north - west and south - east respectively .
Pukamuqu ( Quechua , puka red , muqu hill / joint , `` red hill '' ) is a mountain in Peru .
Mtwara ( Portuguese : Montewara ) is the capital city of Mtwara Region in southeastern Tanzania .
Quilicura ( /kɪliˈkʊərə/ KIL - i - KOOR - ə ; Spanish pronunciation : ( kiliˈkuɾa ) ) is a commune of Chile located in capital Santiago .
Fort des Hautes Perches was built between 1874 and 1877 in Danjoutin and Belfort in northeastern France .
The Unterelbe or , in English usually the Lower Elbe , refers to the lower reaches of the river Elbe in Germany influenced by the tides .
Viby J ( or just Viby ) is a former town and now a district , in the southwestern part of Aarhus in Denmark .
Longueuil ( /lɒŋˈɡeɪl/ ; French : ( lɔ̃ɡœj ) ) is a city in the province of Quebec , Canada .
Manufactum GmbH & Co. KG ( formerly Manufactum Hoof & Partner KG ) is a German retailer with nine full - sized stores in Germany and an online store that serves primarily Germany , Austria , Switzerland , and the UK .
Rigomane is a town in the north - central Mudug region of Somalia .
Mıxlıqovaq ( also , Mykhlykovag , Mykhlykuvak , and Mykhlykuvakh ) is a village and municipality in the Qabala Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Jaurrieta or Eaurta is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre , northern Spain .
Ruotsinpyhtää ( Finnish pronunciation : ( ˈruotsimˌpyhtæː ) ; Swedish : Strömfors ) is a former municipality of Finland .
Dorida ( Greek : Δωρίδα ) is a municipality in the Phocis regional unit , Central Greece , Greece .
Panj Hezari ( Persian : پنجهزاري‎ , also Romanized as Panj Hezārī ) is a village in Faravan Rural District , Kohanabad District , Aradan County , Semnan Province , Iran .
Talodi is a small town in the Nuba Mountains , and a district of South Kordofan state , in southern Sudan .
Bencoolen Street ( Chinese : 明古连街 ; pinyin : Mínggǔlián Jiē , Malay : Lebuh Bengkulu ) is a street in Central , Singapore that starts at the junction of Rochor Road and Jalan Besar and ends at the junction of Fort Canning Road , Stamford Road and Orchard Road .
Kisoroszi is a village on Szentendre Island in Pest county , Budapest metropolitan area , Hungary .
Red Bennies has been credited to giving rise to the new wave of burlesque culture which permeated throughout Melbourne and Australia at the end of the 2000s .
Plaza de toros de Quito is a bull ring in Quito , Ecuador .
Te Kura Kaupapa Māori o Nga Taonga Tuturu ki Tokomaru is a Kura Kaupapa Māori primary school located in Tokomaru Bay , New Zealand .
Cieśnisk Wielki ( ˈt͡ɕɛɕnisk ˈvjɛlki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janów , within Sokółka County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
The East Coast Parkway ( Abbreviation : ECP ) is an expressway that runs along the southeastern coast of Singapore .
The Popigai crater ( or astrobleme ) in Siberia , Russia is tied with the Manicouagan Crater as the fourth largest verified impact crater on Earth .
Ainalu ( Persian : اينلو‎ , also Romanized as Aīnalū and Īnalū ; also known as Anili and Anīlū ) is a village in Fuladlui Jonubi Rural District , Hir District , Ardabil County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
The Fountain of the Mermaid of Lleida is a fountain located in the Parc des Champs Elysees in Lleida , Catalonia , Spain .
Badalona ( Catalan pronunciation : ( bəðəˈɫonə ) ) is a city in eastern Catalonia , Spain .
Massif des Brasses is a mid - sized ski area in the Haute - Savoie region of France .
Rameh ( Arabic : الرامة‎ ; Hebrew : רָמָה ; also ar - Rame or ar - Rama ) is an Arab town in the North District of Israel .
The Tour Tanguy , Bastille de Quilbignon or Tour de la Motte Tanguy is a medieval tower on a rocky motte beside the Penfeld river in Brest , France .
Gammel Estrup Manor ( Danish : Gammel Estrup ) is a red - brick Renaissance manor house some 20 km ( 12 mi ) east of Randers in Jutland , Denmark .
Vuelta Abajo ( or Vueltabajo , literally : The lower roundtrip ) is a geographic region in the Pinar del Río Province of Cuba .
Dakoro is a town and commune located in the Maradi Region of Niger .
Rakek ( pronounced ( ˈɾaːkək ) ; Italian : Recchio ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Cerknica in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia .
Observatoire Astronomique de Mont - Soleil is an astronomical observatory located on Mont - Soleil , above Saint - Imier in the Canton of Berne , Switzerland .
Alzheimer 's Research UK is the United Kingdom 's leading dementia research charity , founded in 1992 as the Alzheimer 's Research Trust .
EB v Order of the Oblates of Mary Immaculate in the Province of British Columbia , ( 2005 ) 3 SCR 45 ; 2005 SCC 60 is a leading case decided by the Supreme Court of Canada on vicarious liability in employment law and on the application of Bazley v Curry .
Sucha Beskidzka ( ˈsuxa bɛsˈkʲit͡ska ) ( before 1961 called only Sucha ) is a town in the Beskid Żywiecki mountain range in southern Poland , on the Skawa river .
Buota is a settlement on the island of Tarawa , Kiribati .
Inuvik / Shell Lake Water Aerodrome ( TC LID : CEE3 ) is located 5 nautical miles ( 9.3 km ; 5.8 mi ) south - southeast of Inuvik , Northwest Territories , Canada and is open from June until September .
Horný Lieskov ( Hungarian : Felsőmogyoród ) is a village and municipality in Považská Bystrica District in the Trenčín Region of north - western Slovakia .
The Doberan Minster is the main Lutheran Church of Bad Doberan in Mecklenburg , Germany .
The Shalun Line ( Chinese : 沙崙線 ; pinyin : Shālún xiàn ) is a branch line of the Taiwan Railway Administration ( TRA ) Western Line in Tainan City , Taiwan .
Gorce National Park ( Polish : Gorczański Park Narodowy ) is a national park in Lesser Poland Voivodeship , southern Poland .
Motijheel Government Boys ' High School ( Bengali : মতিঝিল সরকারি বালক উচ্চ বিদ্যালয় ) , or Central Government School , is a school in Bangladesh .
Charles Edward Fulford ( 1870 - -1906 ) and Ernest Albert Gilbert ( 1875 - -1905 ) first sold Bile Beans in Australia in late 1897 , marketed as `` Gould 's Bile Beans '' .
La Chinita International Airport ( IATA : MAR , ICAO : SVMC ) is at Maracaibo , Venezuela .
Kim Sơn ( listen ) is a commune , Bắc Giang Province , in northeastern Vietnam .
Besovets ( Russian : Бесовец ; Finnish : Pesoutsa ) is a rural locality ( a village ) in Prionezhsky District of the Republic of Karelia , Russia .
The Autovía AG-64 ( also known as Autovía Ferrol - Vilalba ) is a local autovía in Galicia , Spain .
Noshur - e Vosta ( Persian : نشوروسطي‎ , also Romanized as Noshūr - e Vosţá ; also known as Nūshūr and Tappeh ) is a village in Avalan Rural District , Muchesh District , Kamyaran County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Gavkan - e Bagh ( Persian : گاوكان باغ‎ , also Romanized as Gāvkān - e Bāgh ; also known as Gāvkān Bālā ) is a village in Maskun Rural District , Jebalbarez District , Jiroft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Neve Ziv ( Hebrew : נְוֵה זִיו , lit . Brightness Home ) , also known as Ziv HaGalil ( Hebrew : זִיו הַגָּלִיל , lit . Brightness of the Galilee ) is a communal settlement in northern Israel .
With the obvious exception of Croke Park , Fraher Field has been the venue for more all - Ireland senior hurling finals than any other venue , having hosted the 1903 , 1905 , 1907 and 1911 deciders .
The Rodovia Estrada do Coco and Linha Verde , ( BA-099 ) , is a state highway which runs through the northeastern part of the state of Bahia and southeastern region of the state of Sergipe in Brazil .
Chafdar ( Persian : چفدر‎ ; also known as Chaghdar ) is a village in Agahan Rural District , Kolyai District , Sonqor County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
The Ngatiawa River is a river on the Kapiti Coast of New Zealand 's North Island that is a major tributary of the Waikanae River .
Tagoloan River is the 13th largest river system in the Philippines in terms of watershed size , as classified by the National Water Resources Board .
Wysokie Laski ( vɨˈsɔkʲɛ ˈlaski ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sokółka , within Sokółka County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland , close to the border with Belarus .
Gare de Seugy is a railway station in Seugy , Val d'Oise department , France .
Płociczno - Tartak ( pwɔˈt͡ɕit͡ʂnɔ ˈtartak ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Suwałki , within Suwałki County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Quảng Xuyên is former district of South Vietnam .
Altagracia ( Spanish pronunciation : ( altaˈɣɾasja ) ) is a municipality in the Rivas Department of Nicaragua .
Pharos University in Alexandria ( PUA ) جامعة فاروس بالإسكندرية is a non - governmental and profit making university in Alexandria , Egypt .
Des Rapides Park ( French : Parc des Rapides ) is an urban park in Montreal , Quebec , Canada .
The Brennilis Nuclear Power Plant is a decommissioned site located in the Monts d'Arrée in the commune of Brennilis in Finistère , France .
Aroche ( Arouche , in Portuguese ) is a town and municipality located in the province of Huelva , Spain .
The Alytus Arena is a universal indoor arena in Alytus , Lithuania .
Qeshlaq - e Hameh Kasi ( Persian : قشلاق همه كسي‎ , also Romanized as Qeshlāq - e Hameh Kasī ; also known as Gheshlaghé Hamehkasi and Qeshlāq ) is a village in Salehabad Rural District , Salehabad District , Bahar County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
Taleh Zar - e Sofla ( Persian : طلعه زارسفلي‎ , also Romanized as Ţalʿeh Zār - e Soflá ) is a village in Zilayi Rural District , Margown District , Boyer - Ahmad County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Bratislavci ( pronounced ( ˈbɾaːtislau̯tsi ) ) is a settlement in the Slovene Hills ( Slovene : Slovenske gorice ) in the Municipality of Dornava in northeastern Slovenia .
Vitsi ( Greek : Βίτσι ) is a former municipality in Kastoria regional unit , West Macedonia , Greece .
The Kopli cemetery ( German : Friedhof von Ziegelskoppel or Kirchhof von Ziegelskoppel ; Estonian : Kopli kalmistu ) was Estonia 's largest Lutheran Baltic German cemetery , located in the suburb of Kopli in Tallinn .
Jisr ed Damiye ( or Jisr ed Damieh ) lit . the bridge of ed Damieh is located in the Balqa Governorate of Jordan .
Karkaraly District ( Kazakh : Қарқаралы ауданы , Qarqaralı awdanı ) is a district of Karaganda Region in central Kazakhstan .
Vazli ( Persian : وزلي‎ , also Romanized as Vazlī ) is a village in Sirvan Rural District , Nowsud District , Paveh County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Malıbəyli ( also , Malibeyli and Malybeyli ) or Ajapnyak ( Armenian : Աջափնյակ ) is a village located de facto in Shushi Province of the Nagorno - Karabakh Republic and de jure in the Shusha Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Mount Caubvick is the highest point in mainland Canada east of Alberta .
Donegal or Donegal Town ( /ˈdʌniɡɔːl/ or /ˈdʌnɨɡɔːl/ DUN - i - gawl ; Irish : Dún na nGall , meaning `` fort of the foreigners '' ) is a town in County Donegal , Ireland .
The Kongsvinger Line ( Norwegian : Kongsvingerbanen ) is a railway line between the towns of Lillestrøm and Kongsvinger in Norway and onwards to Charlottenberg in Sweden .
Assokolay ( Russian : Ассоколай ; Adyghe : Аскъэлай ) is a rural locality ( an aul ) in Teuchezhsky District of the Republic of Adygea , Russia .
Lake Victoria is drained solely by the Nile River near Jinja , Uganda , on the lake 's northern shore .
Prachatice ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈpraxacɪtsɛ ) ; German : Prachatitz ) is a town in the South Bohemian Region , Czech Republic .
Horta premetro station is part of the Brussels Metro , situated in the Saint - Gilles commune of the Brussels capital region , Belgium .
Christchurch East School , initially referred to as East Christchurch School , is located in the central city of Christchurch , New Zealand .
Dolnji Vrh ( pronounced ( ˈdoːlnji ˈʋəɾx ) ; in older sources also Dolenji Vrh , German : Unterwerch ) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Šmartno pri Litiji in central Slovenia .
Kuh Pat ( Persian : كوه پات‎ , also Romanized as Kūh Pat ; also known as Pā’īn Kūh - e Pāt and Pā’īn Kūh Pāt ) is a village in Rak Rural District , in the Central District of Kohgiluyeh County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Sa Coma is a town on the eastern coast of the island of Majorca , Spain .
The Pingquan North Railway Station is a railway station of Jingshen Passenger Railway located in People 's Republic of China .
Sungurlare ( Bulgarian : Сунгурларе , pronounced ( suŋɡurˈlarɛ ) ) is a town in southeastern Bulgaria , part of Burgas Province .
Minusinsk ( Russian : Минуси́нск ) is a historical town in Krasnoyarsk Krai , Russia .
Furtwangen i m Schwarzwald is a small city located in the Black Forest region of south western Germany .
Tyinholmen is an area on the north of the mountain lake Tyin in Jotunheimen in Vang , Oppland , Norway .
Lac de la Cavayère is an artificial lake in the Languedoc - Roussillon région of France , close to the mediaeval town of Carcassonne .
Generation R is a prospective , population based cohort study from fetal life until young adulthood in a multi - ethnic urban population in Rotterdam , the Netherlands .
Carmel Beach Central Bus Station ( Hebrew : מֶרְכָּזִית חוֹף הַכַּרְמֵל , Merkazit Hof HaKarmel ) is the main bus station in Haifa , Israel , replacing the Haifa Bat Galim Central Bus Station .
Niederthalheim is a municipality in the Austrian state of Upper Austria .
Topoli ( Bulgarian : Тополи ) is a village in north - eastern Bulgaria .
Kamen Bryag is a village in northeastern Bulgaria .
The Ostola is a 25 km long stream ( torrente ) in the Piedmont region of north - western Italy .
Viedma Glacier is located in the undefined part of the limit between Chile and Argentina , in argentinian legislature it 's in Los Glaciares National Park which was declared a World Heritage Site in 1981 .
The Trabzon Museum ( Turkish : Trabzon Müzesi ) , aka Kostaki Mansion ( Kostaki Konağı ) , is a historic house museum with archeological and ethnographic exhibitions located in Trabzon , Turkey .
Pargas Idrottsförening , or PIF for short , is a sports club based in the city of Pargas , Finland .
Karachayevsky District ( Russian : Карача́евский райо́н ; Karachay - Balkar : Къарачай район ; Kabardian : Къэрэшей район ; Abaza : Къарча район ) is an administrative and a municipal district ( raion ) , one of the ten in the Karachay - Cherkess Republic , Russia .
Basaseachic Falls on the Basaseachic River is the second - highest waterfall in Mexico , located in the Parque Nacional Basaseachic ( Basaseachic Falls National Park ) at Cañon Basaseachic in the Copper Canyon region of northwest Mexico , near Creel , Chihuahua .
Yagba West is a Local Government Area in Kogi State , Nigeria , in the west of the state adjoining Kwara State .
Banabad ( Persian : بناباد‎ , also Romanized as Banābād ; also known as Banaveh and Banāābād ) is a village in Melkari Rural District , Vazineh District , Sardasht County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Onicha Nwe - Nkwo is an autonomous community in Ezinihitte Local Government Area , Mbaise , Imo State , Nigeria .
Thommankuthu ( തൊമ്മന്‍കുത്ത് ) is a very scenic waterfall near Thodupuzha , in the southern state of Kerala , India and is named after the great hunter , Mr. Thommachen Kuruvinakunnel , who let the world know of this beautiful waterfall in the jungle in the late 1920s .
Sir John Kothalawala College is a public college open to all students in the market town of Kurunegala , Sri Lanka .
The Agerolese is a breed of dairy cattle from the area of Agerola , in Campania in southern Italy .
Avigayil , a ramshackle group of trailers and modular houses , was established on 1,000 dunams ( 250 acres ) on Yom Kippur eve 2001 by a group of recently discharged Israel Defense Forces soldiers on a hilltop chosen for its strategic location .
Lower Odra Valley Landscape Park ( Park Krajobrazowy Dolina Dolnej Odry ) is a protected area ( Landscape Park ) in north - western Poland , on the eastern banks of the river Odra ( Oder ) which marks the Polish - German border .
Mae Kham ( Thai : แม่คำ ) is a village and tambon ( subdistrict ) of Mae Chan District , in Chiang Rai Province , Thailand .
Champion Lakes Provincial Park is a provincial park in the West Kootenay region of British Columbia , Canada , located northeast of the city of Trail in the province 's West Kootenay region .
Biñan ( /bɪnjaʊn/ Filipino : Binyang or Binyan , ( biɲan ) ) , officially , the City of Biñan ( Filipino : Lungsod ng Binyan ) , is a first class component city in the Republic of the Philippines .
Queen Alia International Airport ( IATA : AMM , ICAO : OJAI ) ( Arabic : مطار الملكة علياء الدولي‎ ; transliterated : Matar Al - Malikah Alia Ad - Dowali ) is Jordan 's main and largest airport and is located in Zizya 30 kilometres ( 20 mi ) south of the capital city , Amman .
Suchy Dąb ( ˈsuxɨ ˈdɔmp ) ( German : Zugdam ) is a village in Gdańsk County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Marigüitar is a small coastal town in the state of Sucre , Venezuela .
The Parc du Mugel is a municipal park and botanical garden in the town of La Ciotat , in the French department of Bouches - du - Rhône , on the Mediterranean coast of France between Marseille and Toulon .
Tuszów ( ˈtuʂuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jabłonna , within Lublin County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Mala Bukovica ( pronounced ( ˈmaːla ˈbuːkɔʋitsa ) ; Italian : Bucovizza Piccola ) is a village south of Ilirska Bistrica in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia .
Bergsdalen is a river valley in Vaksdal municipality , Hordaland county , Norway .
Tzora ( Hebrew : צָרְעָה ) is a kibbutz in central Israel .
The Geelong Library and Heritage Centre is a regional library , archive and resource facility in the city of Geelong , Victoria , Australia .
Belgrad Forest ( Turkish : Belgrad Ormanı ) is a mixed deciduous forest lying 15 kilometers north - west of Istanbul , Turkey .
Castle of Penela ( Portuguese : Castelo de Penela , Portuguese pronunciation : ( kɐʃˌtɛɫu dɨ pɨˈnɛɫɐ ) ) is located in a Penela town in Penela Municipality in Coimbra District , Portugal .
Bogosavac ( Serbian Cyrillic : Богосавац ) is a village in the Šabac municipality in western Serbia .
Mátraháza is a village in the suburbs of Gyöngyös in Heves County , in northern Hungary .
Gnago is the name of two villages in south - western Ivory Coast .
Şollar ( also , Shollar ) is a village and municipality in the Khachmaz Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Aukštaitija National Park is a national park in north - eastern Lithuania , about 100 km north of Vilnius .
Abanayop is a village on the Gabon - Equatorial Guinea border .
Santa Comba Dão ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( ˈsɐ̃tɐ ˈkõbɐ ˈðɐ̃w ) ) is a city and a municipality in the district Viseu in Portugal .
Aji Chay ( Azerbaijani : آجی چای Acı çay , Persian : تلخه رود‎‎ ) , or Talkhe Rud , is a river in north - western Iran .
The Episcopal Diocese of Ohio is a diocese of the Episcopal Church in the United States of America comprising the northern 48 counties of the state of Ohio .
Gilmore LRT Station is a station on the Manila Light Rail Transit System Line 2 ( LRT-2 ) in the Philippines .
Wólka Chrapanowska ( ˈvulka xrapaˈnɔfska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ożarów , within Opatów County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Burdinale is a river of Belgium , tributary of the Mehaigne .
Naidumangalam is a township in Tiruvannamalai Taluk of Tiruvanamalai district , Tamil Nadu India .
Higher Technological Institute ( often shortened to HTI ) , is a public , co - educational , land - grant , space - grant , research university located in Egypt , 10th of Ramadan City .
Lalehzar District ( Persian : بخش لاله‌زار‎ ) is a district ( bakhsh ) in Bardsir County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Sheikh Zuweid ( also spelled Sheikh Zoweid or Shaykh Zuwayd ; Arabic : الشيخ زويد‎ Egyptian Arabic pronunciation : ( eʃˈʃeːx zeˈweːd , -zoˈwæjjed ) ) is a Bedouin town in the North Sinai Governorate of Egypt near the border with the Gaza Strip .
Tenkya ( Russian : Тенкя ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) , the only inhabited locality , and the administrative center of Tenkinsky Rural Okrug of Suntarsky District in the Sakha Republic , Russia , located 82 kilometers ( 51 mi ) from Suntar , the administrative center of the district .
Ni Badar ( Persian : ني بدر‎ , also Romanized as Nī Badar ) is a village in Zalaqi - ye Gharbi Rural District , Besharat District , Aligudarz County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
The Mediterranean woodlands and forests occupy an area of 357,900 square kilometers ( 138,200 sq mi ) in Morocco , Algeria , Tunisia , the spanish plazas de soberanía and Libya .
The Protestant Christian Church in Mentawai is a Lutheran denomination in Indonesia .
Gallura is a region in the northeast of the island of Sardinia , Italy .
Salinas Victoria , is a municipality located to in the center of the state of Nuevo León , Mexico .
Musangsa is a Zen Buddhist temple near Daejeon , South Korea , an affiliate of the Kwan Um School of Zen .
Osh ( Kyrgyz : Ош ) is the second largest city in Kyrgyzstan , located in the Fergana Valley in the south of the country and often referred to as the `` capital of the south '' .
Lalehabad Rural District ( Persian : دهستان لاله آباد‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Lalehabad District , Babol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
The Museum of Broken Relationships ( Croatian : Muzej prekinutih veza ) is a museum in Zagreb , Croatia , dedicated to failed love relationships .
The University of Pavia ( Italian : Università degli Studi di Pavia , UNIPV or Università di Pavia ; Latin : Alma Ticinensis Universitas ) is a university located in Pavia , Lombardy , Italy .
Jegunovce ( Macedonian : Јегуновце ) is one of the larger villages in the Polog Valley , Republic of Macedonia .
Västergötland Runic Inscription 8 or Vg 8 is the Rundata listing for a Viking Age memorial runestone located at the church at Hjälstad , which is about one kilometer west of Moholm , Västra Götaland County , Sweden , and in the historic province of Västergötland .
Manuel Antonio National Park , in Spanish the Parque Nacional Manuel Antonio , is a small National Park in the Central Pacific Conservation Area located on the Pacific coast of Costa Rica , just south of the city of Quepos , Puntarenas , and 132 km ( 82 mi ) from the national capital of San José .
Pylos - Nestoras ( Greek : Δήμος Πύλου - Νέστορος ) is a municipality in the Messenia regional unit , Peloponnese , Greece .
Khvorcheh ( Persian : خورچه‎ , also Romanized as Khūrcheh ) is a village in Garakan Rural District , in the Central District of Ashtian County , Markazi Province , Iran .
The neighborhood 's name was changed to Kurtuluş , six years after the Republic of Turkey was founded , for its rebuilding and symbolizing its rejuvenation , after a fire swept and largely destroyed the neighborhood on April 13 , 1929 , with 207 houses going up in flames .
Toomevara , officially Toomyvara ( Irish : Tuaim Uí Mheára , meaning `` tumulus of the Ó Meadhra 's '' ) , is a village in County Tipperary , Ireland .
Sredna Gora ( Bulgarian : Средна гора ) is a mountain range in central Bulgaria , situated south of and parallel to the Balkan mountain range ( Stara Planina ) and extending from the Iskar River to the west and the elbow of Tundzha north of Yambol to the east .
Torre dei Capocci ( The Capocci Tower ) is a tower at San Martino ai Monti square in Rome , Italy .
Mae Na Ruea ( Thai : แม่นาเรือ ) is a village and tambon ( subdistrict ) of Mueang Phayao District , in Phayao Province , Thailand .
The 1948 UCI Road World Championships took place in Valkenburg , the Netherlands .
El Caney ( also Caney ) is a small village 4 miles ( 6.4 km ) to the northeast of Santiago , Cuba .
St Andrews Hill is a hillside suburb in south - east Christchurch , New Zealand .
Lenine Raion ( Russian : Ленинский район , Ukrainian : Ленінський район , Crimean Tatar : Yedi Quyu rayonı ) is one of the 25 regions of the Crimea , currently subject to a territorial dispute between the Russian Federation and Ukraine .
Santa Gadea ( Spanish : Iglesia de Santa Águeda ) is a church dedicated to Saint Agatha in Burgos , Spain .
Hoseynabad - e Sar Kal ( Persian : حسين ابادسركل‎ , also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād - e Sar Kal and Ḩoseynābād Sar Kal ; also known as Ḩoseynābād Abaleh ) is a village in Bandan Rural District , in the Central District of Nehbandan County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Fria is a town and Sub - prefecture in Lower Guinea , lying north of Conakry near the Amaria Dam on the Konkouré River .
Eresk Rural District ( Persian : دهستان ارسك‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Eresk District , Boshruyeh County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Istanbul Grand Post Office , aka Istanbul Main Post Office , ( Turkish : Büyük Postane ) is an office building for postal services located at Sirkeci quarter of Fatih district in Istanbul , Turkey .
The Pampanga State Agricultural University , formerly known as the Pampanga Agricultural College , is a state university located in the municipality of Magalang , Pampanga , Philippines .
The Medicina Radio Observatory is an astronomical observatory located 30 km from Bologna , Italy .
The British Society of Gerontology , is a learned society in the United Kingdom dedicated to enhancing knowledge about ageing and later life .
The Fort de Dailly is the largest component of Fortress Saint - Maurice , which is in turn one of the three principal fortified regions of the National Redoubt of Switzerland .
Marfell is a suburb of New Plymouth , in the western North Island of New Zealand .
Nordreisa ( Northern Sami : Ráissa suohkan , Kven : Raisin komuuni ) is a municipality in Troms county , Norway .
Marnach transmitter was a broadcasting facility of RTL near Marnach in the commune of Munshausen , in northern Luxembourg .
Samut Songkhram is at the mouth of the Mae Klong River to the Gulf of Thailand .
Ulricehamn is a locality and the seat of Ulricehamn Municipality , Västra Götaland County , Sweden , with 9,787 inhabitants in 2010 .
Ainaži ( pronounced ( aiːnaʒi ) ; Estonian : Heinaste , German : Haynasch ) is a harbour town in the Vidzeme region of Latvia .
Deh Babu ( Persian : ده بابو‎ , also Romanized as Deh Bābū ; also known as Deh Bābā and Deh - e Bālā ) is a village in Dasht - e Khak Rural District , in the Central District of Zarand County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Meerzorg is a town in Suriname , located on the eastern bank of the Suriname River , directly opposite the capital Paramaribo .
The Ordnance Survey , the United Kingdom 's mapping agency , bases all elevations including mapped contour lines and spot heights on the mean sea level at Newlyn ( see Ordnance Datum ) .
Sneberka ( Russian : Снеберка ) is a rural locality ( a village ) in Monastyrshchinsky District of Smolensk Oblast , Russia , located 52 kilometers ( 32 mi ) from the border with Belarus .
Weißenfelser Land is a former Verwaltungsgemeinschaft ( `` collective municipality '' ) in the Burgenlandkreis ( district ) , in Saxony - Anhalt , Germany .
Humdon ( Persian : هومدان ‎ ) is a town and jamoat in Tajikistan .
Port Davey is an oceanic inlet located in the south west region of Tasmania , Australia .
Since its early Renault models the most characteristic colour scheme of Gordini cars has been bleu de France ( the French motor racing colour ) with white stripes , although different combinations have been used over the years .
Monywa ( Burmese : မုံရွာမြို့ ; MLCTS : muṃ rwa mrui . ; pronounced : ( mòʊɴjwà mjo̰ ) ) is a city in Sagaing Region , Myanmar , located 136 km northwest of Mandalay on the eastern bank of the River Chindwin .
Makedonida ( Greek : Μακεδονίδα ) is a former municipality in Imathia , Greece .
Trondheim Business School ( Norwegian : Handelshøyskolen i Trondheim ) or HHiT , former a faculty of Sør - Trøndelag University College ( HiST ) in Trondheim , Norway , is , as of 2016 , a faculty of Norwegian University of Science and Technology .
Formerly , there was also a Statistics Canada designated census division named Inuvik Region , Northwest Territories , which was abolished in the Canada 2011 Census .
Mount Burrell is a town and a mountain in the Nightcap Range that is located in the Tweed Shire in the Northern Rivers region of New South Wales , Australia .
Buchpora ( Urdu ; بژھ پورہ ) ( Kashmiri ; بَژھ پوُر)is a town on the outskirts of Srinagar , Jammu and Kashmir , India .
Meremäe Youth Centre is a youth centre in Meremäe rural municipality in Meremäe village in Estonia .
Baoqing County ( simplified Chinese : 宝清县 ; traditional Chinese : 寶清縣 ; pinyin : Bǎoqīng Xiàn ) is a county of southeastern Heilongjiang province , People 's Republic of China .
Piłsudski 's Mound ( also known as Independence Mound or Freedom Mound ) ( Polish Kopiec Piłsudskiego ) is located in Kraków , Poland , and was established by the Polish nation in honor of Józef Piłsudski .
Kyshtym ( Russian : Кышты́м ) is a town in Chelyabinsk Oblast , Russia , located on the eastern slopes of the Southern Ural Mountains 90 kilometers ( 56 mi ) northwest of Chelyabinsk , near the town of Ozyorsk .
Anabta lies on the edge of the Tulkarm district 's Area A , an administrative division of the 1993 Oslo Accords , which means the city is under full security and civil jurisdiction of the Palestinian National Authority .
Arklow railway station ( Irish : Stáisiún an tInbhear Mór ) is a railway station in Arklow , County Wicklow , Ireland .
Wat Bang Phra ( Thai : วัดบางพระ ) is a Buddhist monastery ( wat ) in Nakhon Chaisi district , Nakhon Pathom Province , Thailand , about 50 km west of Bangkok .
The Newcastle Herald ( branded as The Herald ) is a local tabloid newspaper published daily , Monday to Saturday , in Newcastle , New South Wales , the largest non - capital city in Australia .
Balimela Wildlife Sanctuary is a wildlife sanctuary in Malkangiri district , Odisha , India .
Telhar is the name of a waterfall located near B T Road in the kaimur district of Bihar , India .
Čifáre ( Hungarian : Csiffár ) is a village and municipality in the Nitra District in western central Slovakia , in the Nitra Region .
Povlen ( Повлен ) is a mountain in western Serbia , located thirty kilometers west of Valjevo .
Kluczewsko ( kluˈt͡ʂɛfskɔ ) is a village in Włoszczowa County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Banadkuk Rural District ( Persian : دهستان بنادكوك‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Nir District , Taft County , Yazd Province , Iran .
Messenia ( /məˈsiːniə , -ˈsiːnjə/ ; Greek : Μεσσηνία Messinia , pronounced ( mesiˈnia ) ) is a regional unit ( perifereiaki enotita ) in the southwestern part of the Peloponnese , one of 13 regions into which Greece has been divided by the Kallikratis plan , implemented 1 January 2011 .
Bukit Tunku is an upper - class residential area in Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia .
Pine Lake Aerodrome formerly Daughney Aerodrome ( TC LID : CFY5 ) is a registered aerodrome located near the Alaska Highway , 63 nautical miles ( 117 km ; 72 mi ) west of Watson Lake , Yukon , Canada .
Broye - Vully District ( French : District de la Broye - Vully ) is a district in Vaud Canton in Switzerland .
Sari Chaman ( Persian : ساري چمن‎ , also Romanized as Sārī Chaman ; also known as Sar Chīmeh , Sar - e - Chamā , Sere - Chima , and Ser - i - Chima ) is a village in Bakrabad Rural District , in the Central District of Varzaqan County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Sebeš ( Serbian Cyrillic : Себеш ) is a river , bog and a suburban settlement of Belgrade , the capital of Serbia .
Kaiserliche Werft Kiel ( `` Imperial shipyard Kiel '' ) was a German shipbuilding company founded in 1867 , first as Königliche Werft Kiel but renamed in 1871 with the proclamation of the German Empire .
Bulduq ( also , Buldug and Buldukh ) is a village and municipality in the Sabirabad Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Sandersdorf Castle ( German : Schloss Sandersdorf ) is a castle , or stately house , in the village of Sandersdorf in Altmannstein , to the northeast of Ingolstadt , Bavaria , Germany .
Tulireki is a roller coaster located at Linnanmäki in Helsinki , Finland .
The Puyehue Hot Springs ( Spanish : Termas de Puyehue ) is a series of hot springs located 76 kilometers along Route 215-CH east of Osorno , a city 20 kilometers from Puerto Montt in the Los Lagos Region of southern Chile .
Alcaracejos is a city located in Los Pedroches comarca , province of Córdoba , Spain .
University of Engineering and Technology , Taxila , or UET Taxila ( Urdu : یونیورسٹی آف انجینیئرنگ اینڈ ٹیکنالوجی ، ٹیکسلا‎ ) is located at Taxila , Punjab , Pakistan .
The Frankfurter Judengasse ( from German : `` Jews ' Alley '' ) was the Jewish ghetto of Frankfurt and one of the earliest ghettos in Germany .
Colégio Certo is a school located in Teresina , the capital of Piauí state , in the north - east of Brazil .
Ryonggang Station is a railway station in Ryonggang - ŭp , Ryonggang county , South P'yŏngan province , North Korea .
Viševek ( pronounced ( ʋiˈʃeːʋək ) ) is a village south of Stari Trg pri Ložu in the Municipality of Loška Dolina in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia .
Dupaningan Agta ( Dupaninan Agta ) , or Eastern Cagayan Agta , is a language spoken by a semi - nomadic hunter - gatherer Negrito people of Cagayan and Isabela provinces in northern Luzon , Philippines .
United Furniture Warehouse ( UFW ) is a retail furniture chain operating approximately twenty - four ( 24 ) locations in Western Canada and Ontario .
Hastijan ( Persian : هستيجان‎ , also Romanized as Hastījān ; also known as Hashtījān ) is a village in Hastijan Rural District , in the Central District of Delijan County , Markazi Province , Iran .
The Wendouree Centre for the Performing Arts is a multi - purpose performance venue located at Howitt Street Wendouree , in the Victorian town of Ballarat in south east Australia .
The Old Bank Arcade ( also known as the Bank of New Zealand building ) is a historic building on Lambton Quay , Wellington , New Zealand .
Kaiser - Wilhelm - Koog is a municipality situated along the North Sea coast in the district of Dithmarschen , in Schleswig - Holstein , Germany .
Candolim is a census town in North Goa and is located in the Bardez taluka in the state of Goa , India .
Nwadeu is a village development committee in Baitadi District in the Mahakali Zone of western Nepal .
Niforeika ( Greek : Νιφορέικα , also Νιφοραίικα ) is a village and a community in the municipality of West Achaea in northwestern Achaea , Greece .
Dzhafarkuluushagy ( also , Dzhafargulu - Ushagy ) is a village in the Zangilan Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Al Hudaydah ( Arabic : الحديدة‎ ) , also known in English as Hodeda , Hodeida , Hudaida , and Hodeidah , is the fourth - largest city in Yemen .
The Gross Litzner ( also spelled Großlitzner in German ) is a mountain in the Silvretta Alps , located on the border between Austria and Switzerland .
Archimandrita ( Greek : Αρχιμανδρίτα ) is a village in the Paphos District of Cyprus , located 12 km northeast of Kouklia .
Annemasse Aerodrome or Marcel Bruchon Aerodrome ( French : Aérodrome d'Annemasse ) ( IATA : QNJ , ICAO : LFLI ) , is an airport in Annemasse , a commune in Haute - Savoie , France .
Wat Benchamabophit Dusitvanaram ( Thai : วัดเบญจมบพิตรดุสิตวนาราม ) is a Buddhist temple ( wat ) in the Dusit district of Bangkok , Thailand .
Bab Al - Moatham ( Bab Al - Muadham or Bab Al - Mu'azzam ) is a neighborhood of the Rusafa district of Baghdad , Iraq , not far east of the Tigris River .
The Taurus Mountains ( Turkish : Toros Dağları , Ancient Greek : Όρη Ταύρου ) are a mountain complex in southern Turkey , dividing the Mediterranean coastal region of southern Turkey from the central Anatolian Plateau .
The Herald Sun is a morning tabloid newspaper based in Melbourne , Australia .
La Centrale is an artist - run gallery in Montreal , Quebec , Canada , founded in 1973 .
The Mindszent Church ( Mindszenti templom ) is a Roman Catholic parish church in the centre of Miskolc , Hungary .
Stakkastadvatnet is a lake on the border of Rogaland and Hordaland counties in Norway .
Cosne - Cours - sur - Loire ( French pronunciation : ​(kon kuʁ syʁ lwaʁ ) ) is a commune in the Nièvre department in central France .
The Makana Botanical Gardens is a botanical garden in South Africa operated by Rhodes University , located in Grahamstown .
Sillaqaqa ( Quechua silla gravel , qaqa rock , `` gravel rock '' , hispanicized spelling Sillagaga ) is a mountain in the Andes of Peru , about 5,000 metres ( 16,404 ft ) high .
Załęże Duże ( zaˈwɛ̃ʐɛ ˈduʐɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pniewy , within Grójec County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Vlaams Belang ( VB ; Dutch for `` Flemish Interest '' ) is a right - wing populist and Flemish nationalist political party in the Flemish Region and Brussels of Belgium .
Dwukoły ( dvuˈkɔwɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Iłowo - Osada , within Działdowo County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The Diolkos ( Δίολκος , from the Greek διά , dia `` across '' and ὁλκός , holkos `` portage machine '' ) was a paved trackway near Corinth in Ancient Greece which enabled boats to be moved overland across the Isthmus of Corinth .
The Ouled Naïl Range ( Arabic : سلسلة جبال أولاد نايل‎ , French : Monts des Ouled Naïl ) is a mountain range in Algeria , part of the Saharan Atlas of the greater Atlas Mountain System .
Rajendra Place is a multi storeyed , multi - building commercial complex , located at the main Pusa Road , New Delhi , India .
Kablar ( Serbian Cyrillic : Каблар , pronounced ( kǎblaːr ) ) is a mountain in central Serbia .
Zavino ( pronounced ( zaˈʋiːnɔ ) ) is a small village in the hills south of the Vipava Valley in the Municipality of Ajdovščina in the Littoral region of Slovenia .
During the 2015 India heat wave , Khammam experienced a maximum temperature of 48 ° C ( 118 ° F ) .
The Buzogo River is a small river of Woleu - Ntem , Gabon .
Subsequently , it was the Dogras who united Baltistan , Purig , Zanskar and present - day Leh district in the first half of the 19th century under a single administrative unit , which lasted till 1947 when a new line of control was demarcated between India and Pakistan dividing Skardu and Kargil .
The Makuleke Contractual Park or Pafuri Triangle constitutes the northernmost section of the Kruger National Park , South Africa , and comprises approximately 240 square kilometres of land .
Spodnji Petelinjek ( pronounced ( ˈspoːdnji pɛtɛˈliːnjɛk ) ; German : Unterpetelinek ) is a small settlement east of Blagovica in the Municipality of Lukovica in the eastern part of the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia .
Dźwierzuty ( d͡ʑvjɛˈʐutɨ ) ( German Mensguth ) is a village in Szczytno County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Crevalcore is a town and comune in the Emilia - Romagna region near Bologna , Italy .
Chunnam Techno University is a private technical university in South Korea .
Yli - Kitka is a lake in Finland , in the municipalities of Kuusamo and Posio .
Farmer Island is an island in the Piper Islands National Park in the Great Barrier Reef Marine Park , Queensland , Australia .
Silikou ( Greek : Σιλίκου ) is a village in the Limassol District of Cyprus , located 5 km south of Pera Pedi .
Beihan Airport ( IATA : BHN , ICAO : OYBN ) is an airport serving Beihan , a city in the Shabwah Governorate in Yemen .
Gabrje pri Soteski ( pronounced ( ˈgaːbəɾjɛ pɾi sɔˈteːski ) ) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Dolenjske Toplice in Slovenia .
Beside those entities making part of AXA Bank Europe 's legal structure , AXA Group also owns banking activities in France ( AXA Banque France ) and in Germany ( AXA Bank AG ) .
Metro Naga is a metropolitan area in the Bicol Region of the Philippines , centering on the city of Naga and includes 14 neighboring municipalities of Camarines Sur province .
Miramichi Bay - Neguac ( French : Baie - de - Miramichi - Neguac ) is a provincial electoral district for the Legislative Assembly of New Brunswick , Canada .
Bethania Hospital , Sialkot , Pakistan is a medical facility owned by the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Lahore .
Bazas Cathedral ( Cathédrale Saint - Jean - Baptiste de Bazas ) is a Roman Catholic cathedral , and a national monument of France , located in Bazas , Gironde .
Sussac ( Occitan : Suçac ) is a commune in the Haute - Vienne department in the Limousin region in west - central France .
The Behren - Bokel Transmitter , also known as the Sprakensehl Transmitter is a 323-metre high guyed steel tube radio mast in Behren - Bokel near Uelzen in Lower Saxony , Germany .
Chodel ( ˈxɔdɛl ) is a village in Opole Lubelskie County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Unnamed volcano ( Ibugos ) , is a submarine volcano near the island Ibugos in the Philippines .
Uran is part of Navi Mumbai city on the western coast of India .
The Andrew Mercer Reformatory for Women was the first women 's ( 16 years of age or older ) prison in Canada .
Lieka or Liekà was a former settlement in 19th and early 20th century Ethiopia , a major market town in the Oromo region southwest of Shoa .
Durba ( Oromo : `` virgin '' ; also Derba ) is a town in central Ethiopia .
Paraćin ( Serbian Cyrillic : Параћин , pronounced ( pâratɕin ) ) is a town and municipality in Serbia , located in the valley of the Velika Morava river , north of Kruševac and southeast of Kragujevac .
Stare Rybitwy ( ˈstarɛ rɨˈbitfɨ ) ( German : Möwensand ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bobrowniki , within Lipno County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Selebi - Phikwe ( also spelt Selibe Phikwe ) is a mining town located in the Central District of Botswana .
Naesosa , or Naeso Temple , is a Korean Buddhist Temple located at the base of Naebyeongsan ( mountain ) in Jinseo - myeon , ( township ) , Buan - gun ( county ) , Jeollabuk - do ( province ) , South Korea .
Ken Jones Aerodrome ( IATA : POT , ICAO : MKKJ ) is an airport located 10 km ( 6.2 mi ) west of Port Antonio , in northeastern Jamaica .
The Energy Act 2013 is an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom , relating to the energy sector .
Umrana Janoobi is a village situated at the bank of Jhelum River in Punjab , Pakistan .
Pakuba Airfield ( IATA : PAF , ICAO : HUPA ) is an airfield serving Pakuba and Murchison Falls National Park in the Nwoya District of northern Uganda .
Moisés Ville ( Yiddish : מוזעסוויל‎ ) is a small town ( comuna ) in the province of Santa Fe , Argentina , founded on 23 October 1889 by Eastern European and Russian Jews escaping pogroms and persecution .
Sól - Kiczora ( kiˈt͡ʂɔra ) ( previously Kiczora ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rajcza , within Żywiec County , Silesian Voivodeship , in southern Poland , close to the border with Slovakia .
Rusca Montană ( Hungarian : Ruszkabánya ; German : Rußberg or Ruskberg ) is a commune in Caraş - Severin County , western Romania with a population of 2,095 people .
San Nicandro Garganico ( known until 1999 as Sannicandro Garganico ) is a town and comune in the province of Foggia in the Apulia region of southeast Italy .
Kaluga ( Russian : Калуга ; IPA : ( kɐˈlugə ) ) is a city and the administrative center of Kaluga Oblast , Russia , located on the Oka River 150 kilometers ( 93 mi ) southwest of Moscow .
Ait Bouada is a town in north central Algeria .
By the order of Ministry of Education and Science of Ukraine № 622 from July 27 , 2004 Donbas Mining - Metallurgical Institute was reorganized as the Donbas State Technical University ( DonSTU ) .
Coltău ( Hungarian : Koltó ) is a commune in Maramureş County , Romania .
Panevėžys Air Base ( also known as Pajuostis , and Tulpė ) ( IATA : PNV , ICAO : EYPP ) is an air base in Lithuania located 6 km east of Panevėžys .
Sabz Bolagh ( Persian : سبزبلاغ‎ , also Romanized as Sabz Bolāgh ; also known as Sabzeh Bolāgh ) is a village in Zalu Ab Rural District , in the Central District of Ravansar County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Azizabad - e Sheybani ( Persian : عزيزابادشيباني‎ , also Romanized as ʿAzīzābād - e Sheybānī ) is a village in Aliabad Rural District , in the Central District of Anbarabad County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Ghelari ( Hungarian : Gyalár ) is a commune in Hunedoara County , Transylvania , Romania .
Tostedt ( Low German Töst ) is a municipality in the district of Harburg , in Lower Saxony , Germany .
The Bronte Surf Lifesaving Club is situated on Bronte Beach , a beach in the eastern suburbs of Sydney , Australia .
Boków ( ˈbɔkuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stąporków , within Końskie County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Zadzim ( ˈzad͡ʑim ) is a village in Poddębice County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Sibulan Airport ( Filipino : Paliparan ng Sibulan , Cebuano : Tugpahanan sa Sibulan ) ( IATA : DGT , ICAO : RPVD ) , also known as Dumaguete Airport , is an airport serving the general area of the city of Dumaguete , located in the province of Negros Oriental in the Philippines .
Wielka Piaśnica ( ˈvjɛlka pjaɕˈnit͡sa ) ( German : Groß Piasnitz ; Kashubian : Wiôlgô Piôsznica ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Puck , within Puck County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Slate Falls Airport , ( TC LID : CKD9 ) , is located 2 nautical miles ( 3.7 km ; 2.3 mi ) southwest of Slate Falls , Ontario , Canada .
Əsrik Cırdaxan ( also , Əsrik Çırdaxan , Asrikdzhirdakhan , Asrik - Dzhyrdakan , and Asrikdzhyrdakhan ) is a village and municipality in the Tovuz Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Pajulahti Sports Institute is a sports and leisure center , situated in Nastola , Finland .
Kultorvet ( literally `` The Coal Market '' ) is a public square in the Old Town of Copenhagen , Denmark .
The Sierra Madre del Sur pine - oak forests is a subtropical coniferous forest ecoregion of the Sierra Madre del Sur mountain range of southern Mexico .
The so - called Lower Bavarian Spa Triangle or Rott Valley Spa Triangle ( German : Niederbayerisches Bäderdreieck or Rottaler Bäderdreieck ) refers to the three spa towns of Bad Füssing , Bad Griesbach and Bad Birnbach in the province of Lower Bavaria in southern Germany .
The population of Mandi Mullanpur is mainly of India 's four main religious groups :
Srebrenik Fortress ( Bosnian : Utvrda Srebrenik ) is a fortress located near the town of Srebrenik in Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Småland ( Swedish pronunciation : ( ˈsmoːland ) ) is a historical province ( landskap ) in southern Sweden .
Zijldijk ( Dutch pronunciation : ( zɛilˈdɛik ) ) is a village in the municipality of Loppersum , Groningen , the Netherlands .
Millat Town is a residential suburb located in Faisalabad , Pakistan .
Mike & Ophelia Lazaridis Quantum - Nano Centre ( also known as Quantum Nano Centre , or simply QNC ) is a research and development laboratory for quantum information science and nanotechnology at the University of Waterloo in Waterloo , Ontario , Canada .
Knockbride is a parish in County Cavan , Ireland located outside the town of Bailieborough .
Quyllur Urmana ( Quechua quyllur star , urmana trap / urmay to fall , -na a suffix , hispanicized and mixed spellings Coyllor Urmana , Qoillur Urmana , Qoyllor Urmana , Qoyllur Urmana ) is a lake in Peru located in the Cusco Region , Quispicanchi Province , Urcos District .
The Śmiała Wisła ( Polish pronunciation : ( ˈɕmjawa ˈviswa ) ) is a distributary river branch of the Vistula in Poland flowing to Gdańsk Bay .
Hasanabad - e Qarah Darband ( Persian : حسن ابادقره دربند‎ , also Romanized as Ḩasanābād - e Qarah Darband ; also known as Ḩasanābād , Qarah Darband , and Qeshlāq - e Ḩasanābād ) is a village in Hakimabad Rural District , in the Central District of Zarandieh County , Markazi Province , Iran .
Norwich University of the Arts ( NUA ) is a public university , based on a single site in the centre of Norwich , in the United Kingdom .
Dewey Soper Migratory Bird Sanctuary , or Dewey Soper , is a migratory bird sanctuary in Qikiqtaaluk , Nunavut , Canada .
Brezovi Dol ( pronounced ( ˈbɾeːzɔʋi ˈdoːu̯ ) ; in older sources also Brezov Dol , German : Birkenthal ) is a village east of Ambrus in the Municipality of Ivančna Gorica in central Slovenia .
The Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu , or PBB ( English : United Traditional Bumiputera Party ) is a right - wing political party in Malaysia .
Kaoh Chiveang Thvang is a khum ( commune ) of Aek Phnum District in Battambang Province in north - western Cambodia .
Tembisa is a large township situated to the north of Kempton Park on the East Rand , Gauteng , South Africa .
Shahrak - e Ziveh ( Persian : شهرك زيوه‎ , also Romanized as Shahrak - e Zīveh ; also known as Zīvah ) is a village in Margavar Rural District , Silvaneh District , Urmia County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Roys Peak is a mountain in New Zealand , standing between Wanaka and Glendhu Bay .
Valdobbiadene ( Italian pronunciation : ( valdobˈbjaːdene ) ) is a town in the province of Treviso , Veneto , Italy .
The Order of al - Hussein bin Ali is the highest knighthood order of the Kingdom of Jordan .
The Campeonato Catarinense de Futebol , known as Campeonato Catarinense or simply Catarinão , is the main competition of soccer from state of Santa Catarina , in Brazil .
Küstriner Vorland ( Polish Kostrzyn ) is a municipality in the district Märkisch - Oderland , in Brandenburg , Germany at the border with Poland .
Huangshigang District ( simplified Chinese : 黄石港区 ; traditional Chinese : 黃石港區 ; pinyin : Huángshígǎng Qū ) is a district of the city of Huangshi , Hubei province , People 's Republic of China .
The Anís Zunúzí Bahá'í School is a Bahá'í School near Port - au - Prince , Haiti , which began in 1980 .
When the El Qauroun Dam was built on the Litani River ( the longest river in Lebanon ) in 1959 , Qaraoun village , lying on its left bank transferred an area of 740 ha for the development of the project .
The Leningrad Zoo or Leningradskiy Zoopark ( Russian : Ленингра́дский зоопа́рк ) , sometimes called the Saint Petersburg Zoo or Sankt - Peterburgskiy Zoopark ( Russian : Санкт-Петербу́ргский зоопа́рк ) , in Saint Petersburg ( formerly Leningrad ) , Russia , is located in Alexander Park in the Petrogradskaya Storona .
Tassemit or Jbel Tassemit ( Berber : Adrar n'Aklim ; Aklim n'Ouinisdrar ) , is a mountain of the Béni Mellal - Khénifra region of Morocco .
Orešje na Bizeljskem ( pronounced ( ɔˈɾeːʃjɛ na biˈzeːlskɛm ) ; German : Nussdorf ) is a settlement northeast of Bizeljsko in the Municipality of Brežice in eastern Slovenia , right on the border with Croatia .
As of the 2001 India census , Srimushnam had a population of 12,000 of which 50 per cent were male and 50 per cent female .
The Subprefecture of M'Boi Mirim is one of 31 subprefectures of the city of São Paulo , Brazil .
Assaf HaRofeh Medical Center , also known as Assaf HaRofeh Hospital , is a hospital located on 60 acres ( 24 ha ) , 15 kilometres ( 9.3 mi ) from Tel Aviv , Israel .
Order of Merit of Baden - Württemberg ( German : Verdienstorden des Landes Baden - Württemberg ) is the highest award of the Germany State of Baden - Württemberg .
The Myponga Wind Farm is a wind farm project proposed by TrustPower in the southern Mount Lofty Ranges , on the Fleurieu Peninsula 50 km south of Adelaide , South Australia .
Water Pump ( Urdu : واٹر پمپ ‎ ) is one of the neighbourhoods of Gulberg Town in Karachi , Sindh , Pakistan .
Poltava Air Base ( Ukrainian : Авіабаза `` Полтава '' , Russian : Авиабаза `` Полтава '' ) is a military airfield located approximately 5 miles ( 8.0 km ) northwest of Poltava , Ukraine .
The small town of Shangombo located in Shangombo District in the Western Province of Zambia is one of the most remote towns in the country .
Phnom Penh International Airport ( IATA : PNH , ICAO : VDPP ) ( Khmer : អាកាសយានដ្ឋានអន្តរជាតិភ្នំពេញ French : Aéroport International de Phnom Penh ) , is the largest airport in Cambodia containing land area of 400 hectares .
Tillabéri ( var . Tillabéry ) is a town in northwest Niger .
Şanlıurfa GAP Stadium is an olympic stadium in Şanlıurfa , Turkey .
Masyaf Castle ( Arabic : قلعة مصياف‎ ) is located in the town of Masyaf in Hama Governorate , Syria , situated in the Orontes Valley , approximately 40 kilometers to the west of Hama .
The Quebrada Seca River is a river in Peru with a length of 29.3 km , and a slope of 7.2 per cent .
Kemi - Tornio Airport ( IATA : KEM , ICAO : EFKE ; Finnish : Kemi - Tornion lentoasema ) is an airport in Kemi , Finland .
Laing 's Nek , or Lang 's Nek is a pass through the Drakensberg , South Africa , immediately north of Majuba , at 27 ° 27′39``S 29 ° 52′10''E at an elevation of 5400 to 6,000 ft ( 1,800 m ) .
Bukowsko ( buˈkɔfskɔ ) ( Yiddish : בוקאווסק Bikofsk ) is a village in Sanok County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , Poland .
The Porgera Gold Mine is a large gold and silver mining operation in Enga province , Papua New Guinea ( PNG ) , located at the head of the Porgera Valley .
Labirut is a small village in Bukhara region , Uzbekistan .
The East Town Railway Workshops were a major manufacturing , maintenance and repair facility of the New Zealand Railways Department ( NZR ) located by the Marton - New Plymouth Line in the city of Wanganui in New Zealand 's North Island .
PSFC Chernomorets Burgas ( Bulgarian : ПСФК Черноморец Бургас ) or simply Chernomorets ( Bulgarian : Черноморец ) is a Bulgarian football club from the city of Burgas , which currently competes in Bulgaria 's second football league , the B PFG .
The Sint - Pieters - Leeuw Tower , sometimes called the VRT - toren , although there are several by that name , is a 302 metre tall free standing tower at Sint - Pieters - Leeuw , on the outskirts of Brussels , Belgium built in 1996 .
Avatele Bay is a large bay in the southwest coast of Niue .
The Château de Marqueyssac is a 17th - century château and gardens located at Vézac , in the Dordogne Department of France .
Fayzobod ( Persian : شهرک فیض‌آباد ‎ ) is a town and jamoat in Tajikistan .
Ipota Airport ( IATA : IPA , ICAO : NVVI ) is an airfield near Ipota on the island of Erromango , in the Taféa province in Vanuatu .
Castrotierra de Valmadrigal ( Spanish pronunciation : ( kastɾoˈtjera ðe βalma.ðɾiˈɣal ) ) , is a municipality located in the province of León , Castile and León , Spain .
Alberta Investment Management Corporation ( AIMCo ) is one of Canada 's largest and most diversified institutional investment fund managers , with an investment portfolio of approximately $ 75 billion .
Qareh Chal ( Persian : قره چال‎ , also Romanized as Qareh Chāl ) is a village in Gavdul - e Markazi Rural District , in the Central District of Malekan County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Sprang - Capelle is a former municipality in the North Brabant province of the Netherlands .
The Khun Tan Range ( Thai : ทิวเขาขุนตาน or , erroneously , ทิวเขาขุนตาล ) is a mountain range that occupies a central position in Northern Thailand .
Cacavei is a village ( suco ) in East Timor .
General Rodolfo Sánchez Taboada International Airport ( IATA : MXL , ICAO : MMML ) Is an international airport located outside Mexicali , Baja California , Mexico , near the U.S .- Mexico border .
Project Runeberg is hosted by an academic computer group , Lysator , at Linköping University , in Linköping in southern Sweden .
The Haunold is a mountain in the Dolomites in South Tyrol , Italy .
The Ostional Wildlife Refuge is a 85.7 km2 ( 33.1 sq mi ) Wildlife refuge of Costa Rica , part of the Tempisque Conservation Area , was originally declared a protected area in 1982 , and its status has been changed several times since then , including covering a larger area both on land and out to sea .
Hacho Bridge ( Spanish : Puente del Hacho ; English translation : Bridge of the Torch ) is a former railway bridge in Granada which was part of the Almeria railway through the Sierra Nevada , Spain .
The Constance Hopper the only part of the Obersee , where a territorial boundary has been defined by the neighbouring states , in this case , Germany and Switzerland .
Paso del Rey is a city located 35,5 km west of Buenos Aires , in Moreno , Buenos Aires Province , Argentina .
Yer Bird Records moved from Charlottesville to Philadelphia , PA and has now settled in Calgary , Alberta , Canada starting early 2010 .
Nadbiel ( ˈnadbjɛl ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Poświętne , within Wołomin County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Mutirikwe River ( formerly Mtilikwe River ) is a river in southeastern Zimbabwe .
Talasari Beach is a beach in the Baleswar district of Odisha , India .
Khaidarken Botanical Reserve is a reserve located in Batken District of Batken Province in Kyrgyzstan .
The Cueva de los Murciélagos is a cave system in the Sierras Subbéticas located about four km southeast of the town of Zuheros in the southern province of Córdoba in Spain .
Cill Rónáin ( anglicized as Kilronan ) is the main settlement on Inishmore , one of the Aran Islands off the west coast of Ireland in County Galway .
Jonsereds Fabrikers AB ( from 1975 Jonsereds AB ) is a defunct manufacturing company from Jonsered outside Gothenburg in Sweden .
Manutahi is a small community in south Taranaki , New Zealand , situated on SH3 about halfway between the towns of Hawera and Patea .
East Germany then moved up its border checkpoint towards West Berlin from Dallgow more eastwards to West Staaken .
Wagar High School was a high school at 5785 Parkhaven Avenue in Côte Saint - Luc , Quebec , Canada .
Malakasa ( Greek : Μαλακάσα ) is a village and former community of East Attica in Greece .
The Terrick Terrick National Park is a national park located in the region of Victoria , Australia .
Bayas Island is a small island and barangay in northeastern Iloilo , Philippines .
Frimmersdorf Power Station , located in Grevenbroich , is one of the largest lignite - fired power stations in Germany .
The Grohmannspitze ( Italian : Punta Grohmann ; German : Grohmannspitze ) is a mountain in the Langkofel Group of the Dolomites in South Tyrol , Italy .
The Slovene Riviera ( Slovene : Slovenska obala ) is the coastline of Slovenia , located on the Gulf of Trieste , by the Adriatic Sea .
The 2000 French Grand Prix ( formally the LXXXVI Mobil 1 Grand Prix de France ) was a Formula One motor race held on 2 July 2000 at the Circuit de Nevers Magny - Cours , Magny - Cours , Burgundy , France .
The Cauamé River is a river of Roraima state in northern Brazil .
Forest - East railway station ( Dutch : Station Voorst - Oost ) is a railway station in the municipality of Forest in Brussels , Belgium .
Mameh Shir ( Persian : ممه شير‎ , also Romanized as Mameh Shīr ) is a village in Sarajuy - ye Jonubi Rural District , Saraju District , Maragheh County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Karia Ba Mohamed is a town in northern Morocco , situated in the Atlas Mountains 58 kilometres north - west of the city of Fes .
Jazy Game Reserve is a reserve located in a flood plain of Jazy River of Osh Province of Kyrgyzstan .
The Museum i m Kulturspeicher Würzburg is a municipal art museum located at Veitshöchheimer Strasse 5 , Würzburg , Northern Bavaria , Germany .
Piz Paradisin ( also known as Pizzo Paradisino ) is a mountain of the Livigno Alps , located on the border between Italy and Switzerland .
The Loggia Rucellai is an Italian Renaissance loggia in Florence , Italy .
Kohneh Deh Dum ( Persian : كهنه ده دوم‎ , also Romanized as Kohneh Deh Dūm ; also known as Kohneh Deh ) is a village in Akhtachi - ye Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Mahabad County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Wixhausen is northern - most borough of the City of Darmstadt in southern Hesse , Germany .
The Priorities and Planning Committee is a key organ of the Cabinet of Canada .
Ruwaished is a town in the far east of Jordan .
Cha Ung ( Khmer : ចាអ៊ុង ) is a commune in Ou Chum District in northeast Cambodia .
Sveti Jurij ob Ščavnici ( German : St. Georgen an der Stainz ) is a settlement and a municipality in northeastern Slovenia .
Chah - e Ziarat ( Persian : چاه زيارت‎ , also Romanized as Chāh - e Zīārat ) is a village in Hur Rural District , in the Central District of Faryab County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Mungalalu Truscott Airbase or Truscott - Mungalalu Airport ( IATA : TTX , ICAO : YTST ) , which during World War II was known as Truscott Airfield ( or usually just simply referred to as Truscott ) is today a commercial air field in the remote Kimberley region of Western Australia .
Saturnia ( Italian : ( saˈturnja ) ) is a spa town in Tuscany in north - central Italy that has been inhabited since ancient times .
Yelahanka Gate Anjaneya Temple is an ancient Hindu temple dedicated to Anjaneya in Avenue Road , Bangalore , India .
San Caprasio is a church in Santa Cruz de la Serós , Jacetania , Spain , in First Romanesque style .
Keranggas ( also known as Kranggas ) is a settlement and Iban longhouse in Sarawak , Malaysia .
Budziechów ( buˈd͡ʑexuf ) ( formerly German Baudach ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jasień , within Żary County , Lubusz Voivodeship , in western Poland .
Žakovce ( Hungarian : Izsákfalva , German : Eisdorf ) is a village and municipality in Kežmarok District in the Prešov Region of north Slovakia .
The Warnow Tunnel ( also known as the Warnow River Crossing and the Warnowquerung in German ) is a road tunnel 790 m long which connects the east and west bank of the Warnow river in the Hanseatic city of Rostock in Mecklenburg - Vorpommern , Germany .
Sobaeksan ( Sobaek Mountain ) is a mountain of the Sobaek Mountains , in South Korea .
Akhmazkend ( also , Osmanly ) is a village in the Sabirabad Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Soutpansberg Conservancy , also known as Western Soutpansberg Conservancy , is a protected area situated in the northern part of the Limpopo province of South Africa .
Zahrib ( pronounced ( zaˈxɾiːp ) ) is a small settlement in the hills northeast of the town of Cerknica in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia .
With the release of Suomi Finland Perkele , Impaled Nazarene dropped some of their aggression and made a stylistic shift , but this direction ended with the removal of Kimmo Luttinen from the line - up .
Göda , in Sorbian Hodźij , is a municipality in the east of Saxony , Germany .
Mata no Madh is a village in Lakhpat Taluka of Kutch district , Gujarat , India .
Fatutaka , Fatu Taka or Patu Taka ( also known as Mitre Island ) is a small high island in the Solomon Islands province of Temotu .
Lilydale Airport ( ICAO : YLIL ) is a privately owned aerodrome located in the regional suburb of Yering , Victoria , Australia .
Qurdtəpə ( formerly Novodmitriyevka ) is a village and municipality in the Shamakhi Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Huamachuco District is one of the districts of the Sánchez Carrión province located in La Libertad Region in Peru .
Mazraeh - ye Karmani ( Persian : مزرعه كرماني‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye Karmānī ) is a village in Rizab Rural District , Qatruyeh District , Neyriz County , Fars Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 47 , in 11 families .
Jamtli is the name of the regional museum of Jämtland and Härjedalen in Östersund , Sweden .
The Museum of Maritime Science ( 船の科学館 , Fune - no - kagakukan ) is a marine science museum located in Higashiyashio , Shinagawa , Tokyo on Odaiba , Japan .
Polatlı Bugsaşspor is a sports club in located in Sincan , the outer borough of Ankara , Turkey .
Cielęta ( t͡ɕɛˈlɛnta ) ( German : Zeland ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brodnica , within Brodnica County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Taverny Air Base ( formerly Base Aérienne 921 `` Frères Mahé '' de Taverny ) ( ICAO : LFPJ ) is located in the communities of Taverny and Bessancourt in the Val d'Oise département of France , twenty kilometers north of Paris .
Nizhny Novgorod Fair ( old name -- Makaryev Fair ) ( Russian : Нижегородская ярмарка ) was a fair in Russia held annually every July near Makaryev Monastery on the left bank of the Volga River from the mid-16th century to 1816 .
Treamis World School , Bangalore is a Kindergarten to 12th grade , co - educational day and boarding international school located near Electronics City in Bangalore , India .
Saint Ignatius Gymnasium ( St. Ignatiusgymnasium ) is one of the five categorial gymnasia ( a type of school ) in Amsterdam , Netherlands .
Bidar Airport ( Kannada : ಬೀದರ್ ವಿಮಾನ ನಿಲ್ದಾಣ ) also known as Bidar Air Force Station ( ICAO : VOBR ) is a military airbase airport in Bidar , Karnataka , India .
Margan Rural District ( Persian : دهستان مارگان‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Hirmand County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Vetka Island is an island in the Sozh River near the Belarus town of Vetka .
Serpentine House ( Finnish : Käärmetalo ) is a modernist apartment building complex on Mäkelänkatu in the Käpylä district of Helsinki , Finland .
Mekane Berhan ( Ge'ez : መካነ ብርሃን mekāne birhān , `` Place of light '' ) is a town in northern Ethiopia .
Peracense is a town in the province of Teruel , Aragon , on the north - east of Spain .
The Deba River ( Basque : Deba ibaia ; Spanish : río Deva ) is a river in the Basque Country , Spain .
Locks Brasserie is a former restaurant in Portobello , Dublin , Ireland .
Westside FC are a football ( soccer ) club based in Grovely , Queensland , Australia .
Krāslava New Palace ( Latvian : Krāslavas jaunā pils ; German : Schloss Kreslau ) is a palace in the historical region of Latgale , in eastern Latvia .
Sireniki ( Russian : Сиреники ; Yupik : Сиӷинык , literally Mountain of Horns ; Chukchi : Вутээн ) is a village ( selo ) in Providensky District of Chukotka Autonomous Okrug , in the Far Eastern Federal District of Russia .
Marble Range Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia , Canada , located west of 100 Mile House and Clinton at the southwest edge of the Cariboo Plateau along the eastern edge of the Fraser Canyon south from Big Bar - Kostering and near Jesmond .
Arcatao is a very small town in the Department of Chalatenango , El Salvador .
Chinit River ( alternates : Stung Chinit or Stoeng Chinith ) is a river of Cambodia .
Ksudach ( Russian : Ксудач ) ( also known as Vonyuchy Khrebet Volcano ) is a stratovolcano in southern Kamchatka , Russia .
Çıldıran ( also , Ch’ldran and Childyran ) is a village in the Kalbajar Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Jaft Do Pa ( Persian : جفت دو پا‎ , also Romanized as Jaft Do Pā ) is a village in Kuh Yakhab Rural District , Dastgerdan District , Tabas County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Agormanya is a small town in the Lower Manya Krobo district of the Eastern Region of Ghana .
Camperdown Cemetery is an historic cemetery located on Church Street in Newtown , an inner - city suburb of Sydney , New South Wales , Australia .
Qorban Qelich Molla ( Persian : قربان قليچ ملا‎ , also Romanized as Qorbān Qelīch Mollā ; also known as Qorbānqelīch ) is a village in Kerend Rural District , Dashli Borun District , Gonbad - e Qabus County , Golestan Province , Iran .
Lundazi is a town in eastern Zambia , lying near the border with Malawi , around 116 mi ( 187 km ) from Chipata .
Niedrzakówek ( ɲɛdʐaˈkuvɛk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzelce , within Kutno County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Dunback , formerly Waihemo , is a small town in the Otago region of New Zealand .
The Bavarian Zugspitze Railway ( German : Bayerische Zugspitzbahn ) is one of four rack railways still working in Germany , along with the Wendelstein Railway , the Drachenfels Railway and the Stuttgart Rack Railway .
St. Thomas of Villanova Catholic Secondary School is a publicly funded high school in LaSalle , Ontario , Canada .
Minna Township Stadium ( aka Bako Kontagora Stadium ) is a multi - use stadium in Minna , Nigeria .
Arcahaie ( Haitian Creole : Lakayè ) is a commune in the Arcahaie Arrondissement , in the Ouest Department of Haiti .
The Barren Isles ( Nosy Barren in Malagasy ) are an archipelago located in an area spanning 40 km off the west coast of Madagascar , in the Melaky region .
Ramanthuruthu is one of the smallest islands that make up the city of Kochi , Kerala , India .
Thalay Valley is in Ghanche , Gilgit Baltistan , Pakistan , on the bank of Shyok River , The Shyok River meets Indus river at Keris about 30 kilometers west of Thalay .
Cronadun is a small village located in the West Coast region of New Zealand 's South Island .
Zlatná na Ostrove ( Hungarian : Csallóközaranyos , Hungarian pronunciation:(ˈtʃɒlːoːkøzɒrɒɲoʃ ) ) is a village and municipality in the Komárno District in the Nitra Region of south - west Slovakia .
Janovice nad Úhlavou ( German : Janowitz an der Angel ) is a town in the Czech Republic .
Lypovets ( Ukrainian : Липовець ) is a town in Vinnytsia Oblast , Ukraine .
The Órbigo River is a river in the provinces of León and Zamora , Spain .
Pataveh - ye Gelal ( Persian : پاتاوه گلال‎ , also Romanized as Pāţāveh - ye Gelāl and Pātāveh - ye Gelāl ) is a village in Chin Rural District , Ludab District , Boyer - Ahmad County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
The Aeronautical Development Agency ( ADA ) of India 's Ministry of Defence was established at Bangalore , in 1984 to oversee the development of the nation 's Light Combat Aircraft ( LCA ) programme .
Eslamabad - e Mugui ( Persian : اسلام ابادموگوئي‎ , also Romanized as Eslāmābād - e Mūgū’ī ; also known as Eslāmābād , Shāh Bolāgh , and Shāh Bolāgh Mūkū’ī ) is a village in Pishkuh - e Mugui Rural District , in the Central District of Fereydunshahr County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Apsigiyu or Apsigayu or Apsagayu is a village site of the Kwikwasut'inuxw and Mamalilikulla groups of the Kwakwaka'wakw peoples , located at the head of Shoal Harbour on the northwest side of Gilford Island , in the Queen Charlotte Strait - Johnstone Strait region of the Central Coast of British Columbia , Canada .
Puerto Octay is a town and commune located on the north shore of Llanquihue Lake in Los Lagos Region in the south of Chile .
Pizza Capers has over 110 stores throughout Australia , located in the Australian Capital Territory ( ACT ) , New South Wales , Queensland , South Australia , Tasmania and Victoria .
Jemielnica ( jɛmjɛlˈnit͡sa ) ( German : Himmelwitz ) is a village in Strzelce County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Shimla ( Hindi : शिमला ; English pronunciation : /ˈʃɪmlə/ ; Hindi : ( ˈʃɪmlaː ) ) , also known as Simla , is the capital city of the Indian state of Himachal Pradesh , located in northern India .
Black ' Smith is an Italian restaurant franchise in South Korea .
Markowa ( marˈkɔva ) ( Ukrainian : Маркова , Markova ) is a village in Łańcut County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Errisbeg Mountain or Errisbeg ( Iorras Beag in Irish ) situated at Roundstone , County Galway , in the West of Ireland with a height of 300 m.
The Flying Dutchman Funicular , also known as the Cape Point Funicular , is a funicular railway located at Cape Point , near the Cape of Good Hope in the Western Cape province of South Africa .
The Hogeschool West - Vlaanderen ( English : College West - Flanders ) , abbreviated as HOWEST , is a college in West - Flanders , a province of Belgium .
CBET - DT , virtual and VHF digital channel 9 , is a CBC Television owned - and - operated television station located in Windsor , Ontario , Canada .
Gręboszyce ( ɡrɛmbɔˈʂɨt͡sɛ ) ( German : Krompusch ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Oleśnica , within Oleśnica County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in southwestern Poland .
Einsatzgruppe C carried out the Babi Yar massacre and a number of other mass atrocities in Ukraine during the summer and autumn of 1941 .
Asematunneli ( Swedish : Stationstunneln ) is an underground shopping center connecting the Helsinki Central railway station and City - Center in downtown Helsinki , Finland .
Barbentane is a French commune of the Bouches - du - Rhône department in the Provence - Alpes - Côte d'Azur region of southern France .
The Lopper Road Tunnel is a tunnel in central Switzerland .
Damachava ( Belarusian : Дамачава ; Russian : Домáчево , Domachevo , Polish : Domaczewo ) is an Urban - type settlement in Belarus , Brest Raion , Brest Voblast .
Trion Navarchon Street ( Greek : Οδός των τριών Ναυάρχων , translated : `` street of the three Admirals '' ) , is a street in central Patras , Greece .
Karelian National Okrug ( Russian : Карельский национальный о́круг , Karelsky Natsionalny okrug ) , was a territory with special status within Kalinin Oblast , Soviet Union .
Tossens is a village on the Butjadingen peninsula in Germany , in the Bundesland of Niedersachsen .
Nowe Warele ( ˈnɔvɛ vaˈrɛlɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szepietowo , within Wysokie Mazowieckie County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Kallieis ( Greek : Καλλιείς , full form Δήμος Καλλιέων ) is a former municipality in the northern part of Phocis , Greece .
The PMI Colleges Bohol is a private , non - sectarian , co - educational institution of higher learning in Tagbilaran City , Bohol , Philippines and is part of the PMI Colleges .
Col des Roches ( el . 919 m. ) is a mountain pass in the Jura Mountains on the border between the canton of Neuchâtel in Switzerland and France .
Lower Silesian Wilderness ( Polish : Bory Dolnoslaskie German : Niederschlesische Heide , ) is the largest continuous forest of Poland , with total area of 1650 square kilometers .
Idrijski Log ( pronounced ( ˈiːdɾii̯ski ˈloːk ) ; Italian : Loga d'Idria ) is a dispersed settlement on the right bank of the upper course of the Idrijca River in the hills south of Idrija in the traditional Littoral region of Slovenia .
Abertamy ( in German Abertham ) is a town in the Karlovy Vary Region of the Czech Republic .
Treaty 2 is an agreement signed on August 21 , 1871 , between the Crown in Right of Canada and various First Nation band governments in southwestern Manitoba and a small part of southeastern Saskatchewan ; treaty signatories from this region included the Ojibwe Nations .
Stedelijk Museum Bureau Amsterdam ( SMBA ) is a project space for contemporary art in Amsterdam , Netherlands .
The Craigieburn Range forms part of the Southern Alps in New Zealand 's South Island .
Al Hamamah ( Arabic : الحمامة‎ ) is a village on the coast of eastern Libya , some 20 km ( 12 mi ) north of Al Bayda .
San Luis Somos Todos ( UCI Team Code : SLS ) is a continental cycling team based in Argentina that participates in UCI Continental Circuits races .
Poronaysk ( Russian : Порона́йск ; Japanese : 敷香 , Shisuka ; Ainu : Sistukari or Sisi Tukari ) is a town and the administrative center of Poronaysky District of Sakhalin Oblast , Russia , located on the Poronay River 288 kilometers ( 179 mi ) north of Yuzhno - Sakhalinsk .
Hjálparfoss ( Icelandic pronunciation : ( ˈçaul̥parˌfɔsː ) ) is one of several waterfalls in the south of Iceland situated in the lava fields north of the stratovolcano Hekla near the point where the rivers Fossá and Þjórsá join .
Hwanseon Cave ( 환선굴 ) is a cave located in Gangwon province , South Korea .
Piteå Elit is a cross - country skiing club from Piteå in the north of Sweden .
Takhteh Sang - e Sofla ( Persian : تخته سنگ سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Takhteh Sang - e Soflá ) is a village in Banesh Rural District , Beyza District , Sepidan County , Fars Province , Iran .
Bellahøj is an area situated 5 kilometres to the northwest of central Copenhagen , Denmark .
Bastašići ( Cyrillic : Басташићи ) is a village in the municipality of Kakanj , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Free Party Salzburg ( German : Freie Partei Salzburg , FPS ) is a political party in Austria active in the state of Salzburg .
Sierro is a municipality of Almería province , in the autonomous community of Andalusia , Spain , It is located in the valley of the River Sierro in the ' Comarca del Mármol ' , county of the marble .
Bakri or often Bukit Bakri is a town in Muar District , Johor , Malaysia .
Vrzdenec ( pronounced ( ʋəɾˈzdɛːnəts ) ; German : Schönbrunn ) is a village west of Horjul in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia .
Haukedalen Church ( Norwegian : Haukedalen kyrkje ) is a parish church in Førde Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county , Norway .
Haibak is a town of Afghanistan in the Samangan Province and is a former khanate of Afghan Turkestan .
The Amphitheatre of Mérida ( Spanish : Anfiteatro de Mérida ) is a ruined Roman amphitheatre situated in the Roman colony of Emerita Augusta , present - day Mérida , in Spain .
Chenes ( Persian : چنس‎ ) is a village in Kelarestaq - e Sharqi Rural District , in the Central District of Chalus County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Elakurichi a small village in Ariyalur district , Tamil Nadu , South India , is a Catholic pilgrimage center dedicated to Virgin Mary .
Kirwee is a town located west of Christchurch in the Canterbury region of New Zealand 's South Island .
Jadów ( ˈjaduf ) is a village in Wołomin County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Route Trident ( known locally as the New or Big Road ) was built by the British Army 's Royal Engineers in Helmand Province , Afghanistan .
Townhouse Designhotel Maastricht is a four - star design hotel located in the Wyck district in Maastricht , Netherlands .
Fischerhude is a village located next to the Wümme river in northern Germany between Bremen and Hamburg .
Sirohi ( Rajasthani : सिरोही ) is a city in southern Rajasthan state in western India .
The Bin el Ouidane Dam is an arch dam located 28 kilometres ( 17 mi ) south of Beni Mellal on the El Abid River in Azilal Province , Morocco .
Jamke Chatta railway station ( Urdu : جمکے چھٹہ ریلوے اسٹیشن ‎ ) is located in Jamke Chatta village , Gujranwala district of Punjab province of the Pakistan .
Bremnes Church ( Norwegian : Bremnes kirke ) is a parish church in Bømlo municipality in Hordaland county , Norway .
Shortland Island ( once known as Alu ) is the largest island of the Shortland Islands , Solomon Islands , at 7 ° 3′S 155 ° 45′E. It was named after John Shortland .
Strigkos ( Greek : Στρίγκος ) is a village and a community in the municipal unit of Tegea , Arcadia , Greece .
Mainz - Bingen is a district ( Kreis ) in the east of Rhineland - Palatinate , Germany .
Mill en Sint Hubert ( Dutch pronunciation : ( mɪl ɛn sɪnt ˈɦybɛrt ) ) is a municipality in the southern Netherlands .
Ikhlas Garh ( Urdu : اخلاص گڑھ‎ ) is a village located in district of Gujrat , Pakistan .
Juragua Nuclear Power Plant was a nuclear power plant under construction in Cuba when a suspension of construction was announced in 1992 following the collapse of the Soviet Union and the termination of Soviet economic aid to Cuba .
Bellpuig ( Catalan pronunciation : ( ˌbeʎˈputʃ ) ) is a town in the comarca ( county ) of l'Urgell in Catalonia , Spain .
Lechaio ( Greek : Λέχαιο ) is a village in the municipal unit of Assos - Lechaio in Corinthia , Greece .
LuK Challenge Chrono was a road bicycle race held annually as a team time trial for pairs in Bühl , Germany .
Yongfeng County ( simplified Chinese : 永丰县 ; traditional Chinese : 永豐縣 ; pinyin : Yǒngfēng Xiàn ) is a county of Jiangxi province , People 's Republic of China .
NK Vitez is football club based in Vitez , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Sheykh Kalag ( Persian : شيخ كلگ‎ ; also known as Shey Kallak and Sheykh - e Kallak ) is a village in Talang Rural District , Talang District , Qasr - e Qand County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Okaliniec ( ɔkaˈliɲet͡s ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miasteczko Krajeńskie , within Piła County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Torre di Lavina ( 3,308 m ) is a mountain of the Graian Alps located on the border of Aosta Valley and Piedmont , Italy .
Qaleh Qurineh ( Persian : قلعه قورينه‎ , also Romanized as Qal``eh Qūrīneh ) is a village in Hulasu Rural District , in the Central District of Shahin Dezh County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 80 , in 15 families .
Koldan - e Olya ( Persian : كلدان عليا‎ , also Romanized as Koldān - e `` Olyā ) is a village in Khabar Rural District , in the Central District of Baft County , Kerman Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 78 , in 26 families .
The University of Sousse ( Arabic : جامعة سوسة‎ ) is a public university in Sousse , Tunisia .
Lachu Mahalleh ( Persian : لاچومحله‎ , also Romanized as Lāchū Maḩalleh ; also known as Lācheh Maḩalleh ) is a village in Asalem Rural District , Asalem District , Talesh County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Oskarshamn is a coastal city and the seat of Oskarshamn Municipality , Kalmar County , Sweden with 17,258 inhabitants in 2010 .
Kvinnherad Church ( Norwegian : Kvinnherad kyrkje ) is a parish church in Kvinnherad municipality in Hordaland county , Norway .
Topremang is a city in the district of Kwaebibirem in the Eastern Region of Ghana .
Aşağı Maralyan ( also , Ashaga Maral’yan , Ashagy - Maral’yan , Maral’yan , and Maral’yanskiy ) is a village in the Jabrayil Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Cape Banks is a headland located at the south end of Bucks Bay and the north end of Bungaloo Bay on the south east coast of South Australia about 36 kilometres ( 22 mi ) west south west of the city of Mount Gambier .
Kapoeta East County is an administrative region of Eastern Equatoria state in South Sudan , bordered by Kenya to the south , Ethiopia to the east and Jonglei state to the west .
Novoazovsk ( Ukrainian : Новоазовськ , Russian : Новоазовск ) is a border town on the south - eastern tip of Ukraine ( bordering Russia ) , it is the administrative center of the Novoazovsk Raion ( district ) , in Donetsk Oblast ( province ) .
Bathia is a town and commune in northern Algeria .
Teagasc ( Irish pronunciation : ( ˈtʲəɡəsˠk ) , meaning `` Instruction '' ) is the semi - state authority in the Republic of Ireland responsible for research and development , training and advisory services in the agri - food sector .
Gustav Mankenberg was born on August 12 , 1857 in the town of Wittstock on the river Dosse / Germany as eighth child to the self - employed master blacksmith Johann Friedrich Mankenberg .
Leelinger Island is a flat dolerite island with an area of 1.54 ha in south - eastern Australia .
Bibile ( also spelled : Bibila ) is a town located in Monaragala District , Uva Province of Sri Lanka .
Depala Vas ( pronounced ( ˈdeːpala ˈʋaːs ) ; Slovene : Depala vas , German : Depelsdorf ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Domžale in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia .
The Cerrejón Formation is a geologic formation in Colombia dating back to the Middle - Late Paleocene .
Isla San Diego is a small island in Mexico in the southern Gulf of California .
Przededworze ( pʂɛdɛdˈvɔʐɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chmielnik , within Kielce County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
North Town Centre ( formerly called North Town Mall ) is a 270,000 square foot shopping centre located in the northern part of Edmonton , Alberta , Canada .
Kasan Wala Dera is a small village situated in the Soon Valley , Khushab District , Punjab , Pakistan .
Lossiemouth is in the Moray ( Westminster ) constituency of the The United Kingdom Parliament which returns a Member of Parliament ( MP ) to the House of Commons , at Westminster .
The Forest of Rambouillet or Forest of Yveline ( Forêt de Rambouillet , or Forêt de l'Yveline ) is a large forest covering some 200 km² , located to the west of Paris , in the Île - de - France region in northern France .
The 1964 Provincial Speedway League was the fifth and final season of the Provincial League in the United Kingdom .
Vērgale Palace ( Latvian : Vērgales muižas pils ) is a palace in Vērgale parish , Pāvilosta municipality , in the historical region of Courland , in western Latvia .
The Jogeshwari Caves are some of the earliest Hindus and Buddhist cave temples sculptures located in the Mumbai suburb of Jogeshwari , India .
Wola Kuźniewska ( ˈvɔla kuʑˈɲefska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wielgomłyny , within Radomsko County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Luciano Berio , a well known Italian composer returned to Italy to live in Radicondoli in 1972 .
Ziedlejas is a village in Alsunga Municipality in the historical region of Courland in Latvia .
Robat Mil ( Persian : رباط ميل‎ , also Romanized as Robāţ Mīl and Robāţ - e Mīl ; also known as Marān and Robāţ ) is a village in Sedeh Rural District , in the Central District of Arak County , Markazi Province , Iran .
Bura Jungle is a medium size village located in northeast Punjab , Pakistan .
Krivi Put is a village located in a forested area near Senj , in Lika - Senj County , Croatia .
Port Hope Simpson Airport ( IATA : YHA , TC LID : CCP4 ) is 1 nautical mile ( 1.9 km ; 1.2 mi ) south of Port Hope Simpson , Newfoundland and Labrador , Canada .
Do Moura River is a river of Acre state in western Brazil .
The Jewish Museum in Oslo aims at informing about Jews in Norway .
Cancho Roano ( sometimes Cancho Ruano ) is an archaeological site located in the municipality of Zalamea de la Serena , in the province of Badajoz , Spain .
Pythio ( Greek : Πύθιο ) , sometimes referred to as Pythion , is a village and community in the eastern part of Didymoteicho municipality , Evros regional unit , Greece .
Fedamore ( Irish : Feadaimir , meaning `` Wood of Damar '' ) is a small village in County Limerick , Ireland .
Kelanoa Harbour is a harbour on the north coast of Huon Peninsula , Papua New Guinea serving the town of Kelanoa .
Jagodziniec ( jaɡɔˈd͡ʑiɲet͡s ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzeziny , within Kalisz County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
The Luis A. Ferré Performing Arts Center , or Centro de Bellas Artes Luis A. Ferré ( CBA ) in Spanish , is a multi - use performance centre located Santurce , San Juan , Puerto Rico .
The Jardin botanique exotique de Menton ( 11,000 m² ) , also known as the Jardin botanique exotique du Val Rahmeh , is a botanical garden located off Avenue St Jacques , Menton , Alpes - Maritimes , Provence - Alpes - Côte d'Azur , France .
Museum Arnhem ( formerly Municipal Museum and Museum of Modern Art Arnhem ) is a museum of modern art , contemporary art , applied art and design in the Netherlands , with art from the 20th century .
Kamak - e Khoda Rahem ( Persian : كمك خدارحم‎ , also Romanized as Kamak - e Khodā Raḥem ) is a village in Ludab Rural District , Ludab District , Boyer - Ahmad County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
The University of Fribourg ( French : Université de Fribourg ; German : Universität Freiburg ) is a university in the city of Fribourg , Switzerland .
Pelorus Islet ( also known as Pelorus Reef and Pelorus Rock ) is an islet located in Great Australian Bight off the south coast of Kangaroo Island in South Australia approximately 7 kilometres ( 4.3 mi ) east south - east of Cape Gantheaume .
`` Limba noastră '' ( Romanian pronunciation : ( ˈlimba ˈno̯astrə ) , meaning `` Our Language '' ) is the national anthem of the Republic of Moldova since 1994 .
Kargah Jehad ( Persian : كارگاه جهاد‎ , also Romanized as Kārgāh Jehād ) is a village in Gavkan Rural District , in the Central District of Rigan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Haut - Katanga District ( Upper Katanga District ) is a district located in the Katanga Province of the Democratic Republic of the Congo .
Hisyah ( Arabic : حسياء‎ , also spelled Hasya , Hasiyah , Hesa or Hessia ) is a town in central Syria , administratively part of the Homs Governorate , located about 35 kilometers south of Homs .
Golemiya Kazan ( Bulgarian : Големия казан ) is part of an area below Vihren called Kazanite in Bulgaria 's Pirin mountain range .
Stare Davydkovo ( Ukrainian : Стáре Давидкóво , Russian : Стáрое Давыдкóво , Hungarian : Ódávidháza ) is a small farming village in the suburbs of Mukachevo ( Munkács ) in Transcarpathian Ukraine .
Motijhil ( also Motijheel , literal translation : Pearl Lake ) , also known as Company Bagh due to its association with the East India Company , is a horse - shoe shaped lake in Murshidabad , West Bengal , India .
Markazi Rural District ( Persian : دهستان مركزئ‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Dashti County , Bushehr Province , Iran .
Hamzanlu ( Persian : حمزانلو‎ , also Romanized as Ḩamzānlū ) is a village in Aladagh Rural District , in the Central District of Bojnord County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
Khao Tha Phet ( Thai : เขาท่าเพชร ) is a hill near the town of Surat Thani , southern Thailand .
Motor - Sich currently produces the D-18 T turbofan which powers variants of the Antonov An-124 and An-225 freighters although the D-36/D-436 series remains the highest production - rate engine in the CIS Motor Sich inherited most of the former Soviet Union 's aero engine manufacturing capabilities .
Sangam - dong is a legal dong , neighbourhood of the Mapo - gu district in Seoul , South Korea .
Najand Institute of Higher Education is a public university located in Urmia , West Azerbaijan , Iran .
Tonj , also spelled Tong , is a town in South Sudan .
Calgary - East formally styled Calgary East is a provincial electoral district in Alberta , Canada .
Machu Rit'i ( Quechua machu old , old person , rit'i snow , `` old snow ( mountain ) '' , hispanicized spelling Macho Ritti ) is a mountain in the Willkanuta mountain range in the Andes of Peru , about 5,200 metres ( 17,060 ft ) high .
Le Roys Bush , Auckland , New Zealand is a public reserve between Birkenhead and Northcote , Auckland .
College Harry Brakeman is a United Methodist school ( primary and secondary ) in Haiti .
Zehak ( Persian : زهك‎‎ ) is a city in and the capital of Zehak County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
The Mixteca Region is a region in the state of Oaxaca , Mexico , part of the broader La Mixteca area which covers parts of the states of Puebla , Guerrero and Oaxaca .
Paschim Vihar is an upper middle - class residential area in Delhi , India falling under the Punjabi Bagh subzone of West Delhi .
Venta ( pronunciation ) is a small city in Lithuania in the Akmenė district municipality .
Jaszczułty ( jaʂˈt͡ʂuu̯tɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Długosiodło , within Wyszków County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Thomas Embling Hospital is a high security forensic mental health hospital located in Fairfield , an inner Melbourne suburb in Victoria , Australia .
Torrena or Torre Nacional ( National Tower ) was a planned 336.5 metres ( 1,104 ft)-high telecommunications and entertainment vaporware tower in the city of Guadalajara , Jalisco , Mexico .
Słomniki ( swɔmˈɲikʲi ) is a town in southern Poland , situated in the Lesser Poland Voivodeship ( since 1999 ) , previously in Kraków Voivodeship ( 1975 - 1998 ) .
Wagga Wagga Botanic Gardens , Australia are located in the Wagga Wagga suburb of Turvey Park on a 20 hectare site on the south western slopes of Willans Hill Reserve .
Daqing No.1 Middle School ( simplified Chinese : 大庆第一中学 ; traditional Chinese : 大慶第一中學 ; pinyin : Dàqìng Dìyī Zhōngxué ) is a middle school in Ranghulu District , Daqing , Heilongjiang , People 's Republic of China .
EzerNet Ltd. was a wireless and cable Internet service provider in Latvia , offering FTTH , MVDS , ( pre-)WiMax and satellite access .
The Salloomt River is a river in the Bella Coola Valley of the Central Coast region of British Columbia , Canada .
Kirazcık is a village of Taşköprü District of Kastamonu Province , Turkey .
Mount Potts is a specialist backcountry station located in the upper reaches of the Rangitata Valley , Canterbury , New Zealand .
Leuville - sur - Orge is a commune 31 km ( 19 mi ) south of Paris , France .
The Republic of Adygea ( /ɑːdᵻˈɡeɪ.ə/ ; Russian : Респу́блика Адыге́я , tr . Respublika Adygeya ; IPA : ( ɐdɨˈɡʲejə ) ; Adyghe : Адыгэ Республик , Adıge Respublik ) , also known as the Adyghe Republic , is a federal subject of Russia ( a republic ) , with its territory enclaved within Krasnodar Krai .
The Deutsches Ärzteblatt is a weekly German - language medical magazine published in Germany .
Kolbuszowa ( kɔlbuˈʂɔva ) is a small town in south - eastern Poland , with 9,190 inhabitants ( 02.06.2009 ) .
Ardahan ( Armenian : Արդահան ; Georgian : არტაანი ) is a city in northeastern Turkey , near the Georgian border .
Lielvārde Castle ( Lielvārde bishop 's castle ) is a castle in Lielvārde - town in the historical region of Vidzeme , in northern Latvia .
Murcian cheese ( Spanish : queso de Murcia ) is a fatty goats ' milk cheese from the Murcia region of south - east Spain .
Reinoksvatnet ( Reindeer Lake ) ( Lule Sami : Hierggejávrre ) is a lake in the municipality of Hamarøy in Nordland county , Norway .
Poiana Mărului ( German : Bleschbach ; Hungarian : Almásmező ) is a commune in Braşov County , Romania .
Rondeau Boulevard ( full name in Spanish : Boulevard General José Rondeau ) is a two - way , four - lane avenue and arterial road in Rosario , province of Santa Fe , Argentina .
Bahman Yari ( Persian : بهمنياري‎ , also Romanized as Bahman Yārī ) is a village in Sarfaryab Rural District , Sarfaryab District , Charam County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Pic del Port Vell is a mountain in the Pyrenees on the border of Spain and northwest Andorra .
Mowzar ( Persian : موزار‎ , also Romanized as Mowzār ) is a village in Juyom Rural District , Juyom District , Larestan County , Fars Province , Iran .
Goli Nuiyeh ( Persian : گلينوييه‎ , also Romanized as Golī Nū’īyeh and Golī Now’īyeh ; also known as Golūnū’īyeh ) is a village in Siyah Banuiyeh Rural District , in the Central District of Rabor County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Joal - Fadiouth is a village at the end of the Petite Côte of Senegal , south - east of Dakar .
Mali Nerajec ( pronounced ( ˈmaːli nɛˈɾaːjəts ) ; German : Kleinnaraiz ) is a small settlement south of Dragatuš in the Municipality of Črnomelj in the White Carniola area of southeastern Slovenia .
Bandit Radio or Bandit 105.5 , the `` Rock Home of Stockholm '' was one of the first commercial broadcasting radio stations in Sweden .
Zdenci is a village and municipality in Croatia in the Virovitica--
South Koel River ( Odia : ଦକ୍ଷିଣ କୋଏଲ ନଦୀ ; Hindi : दक्शिणि कोयेल नदी ) runs across Jharkhand and Odisha states in India .
Aylesford Mountain , Nova Scotia is a community in the Kings County , Nova Scotia , Canada .
The Fastnet Race is a famous biennial offshore yachting race organised by the Royal Ocean Racing Club of the United Kingdom .
Katavothra ( Greek : Καταβόθρα , Albanian : Luarat ) is a town in Thesprotia , Epirus , Greece .
Punta Arenas Sandra Scabini Airport ( Spanish : Aeropuerto de Punta Arenas Sandra Scabini , ICAO : SCNS ) is a public use airport located 115 kilometres ( 71 mi ) northeast of Punta Arenas , Magallanes y Antártica Chilena , Chile .
Ayrınc ( also , Arınc , Arindzh , Aryndzh , and Aryndzhkend ) is a village and municipality in the Shahbuz District of Nakhchivan , Azerbaijan .
Pigenia ( Greek : Πηγενια ) is a small village in the Nicosia District of Cyprus , southwest of Kato Pyrgos .
Saratak ( Armenian : Սարատակ ; formerly , Imrkhan ) is a village in the Shirak Province of Armenia .
Roncesvalles ( Spanish pronunciation : ( ronθezˈβaʎes ) ; Basque : Orreaga ( oreaɣa ) , Aragonese : Ronzesbals ( ronθesˈbals ) , Italian : Roncisvalle ( rontʃizˈvalle ) , French : Roncevaux ( ʁɔ̃s(ə)vo ) ) is a small village and municipality in Navarre , northern Spain .
Bolgheh Teymur ( Persian : بلغه تيمور‎ ; also known as Bolfah Teymūr and Bolfeh Taymūr ) is a village in Barvanan - e Gharbi Rural District , Torkamanchay District , Meyaneh County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Île Frégate is a small , uninhabited island in the Caribbean Sea located off the north coast of Saint Barthélemy , an overseas collectivity of France .
Dublin 4 is a postal district of Dublin , Ireland including Baggot Street Upper and the suburbs of Ballsbridge , Donnybrook , Irishtown , Merrion , Ringsend ( including South Lotts and parts of Grand Canal Dock ) and Sandymount , on the South side of Dublin .
The Palazzo Anguissola or Anguissola Traversi is a palace located at Via Manzoni number 10 , in central Milan , a city in the northern Italy .
Foldereid is a village and a former municipality in the northern part of Nord - Trøndelag county , Norway .
The Le Royal Monceau Raffles Paris is a luxury hotel located at 37 avenue Hoche , 8th arrondissement , Paris , France .
Desouk Stadium ( Arabic : ستاد دسوق‎ ) is a multi - purpose stadium in Desouk , Egypt .
Irganai Dam is a hydroelectric dam in the Untskul region of Dagestan , Russia .
The 2014 European Modern Pentathlon Championships are being held in Székesfehérvár , Hungary from July 10 to 15 , 2014 .
The Banjšice Plateau ( Slovene : Banjška planota , also Banjšice or Banjščice , Italian : Altopiano della Bainsizza ) is a karst plateau in western Slovenia , in the traditional region of Goriška .
Zell am Harmersbach is a small town and a historic `` Reichsstadt '' in Baden - Württemberg , Germany .
Türkəkəran ( also , Tyurkyakeran ) is a village and municipality in the Lankaran Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Maghdouché ( also Maghdouche , Maghdoucheh or Maghdousheh ) is a town in the South Governorate in Lebanon .
Amga River ( Russian : Амга ) is a river in Sakha ( Yakutia ) , Russia .
Monkinie ( mɔŋˈkiɲe ) , ( Lithuanian : Mankynė ) , is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowinka , within Augustów County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
BJR Nagar is a suburb of Hyderabad , India , located next to Lalaguda , Shanthinagar and Moulali in Malkajgiri .
Mount Tongariro ( /ˈtɒŋɡəˌrɛ.roʊ/ ; Māori pronunciation : ( tɔŋaɾiɾɔ ) ) is a compound volcano in the Taupo Volcanic Zone of the North Island of New Zealand .
Severo - Eniseysk Airport ( Russian : Аэропорт Северо-Енисейск ) ( ICAO : UNIS ) is an airport in Krasnoyarsk Krai , Russia , located 2 kilometres ( 1.2 mi ) southwest of Severo - Eniseysk .
The Grips - Theater in Berlin , Germany is a well - known and well - respected theater for children and youth .
Martensøya is the easternmost island of Sjuøyane , which lies north of Nordaustlandet , part of the Svalbard archipelago in Arctic Norway .
Nattland ( also written `` Natland '' ) is a neighbourhood in Årstad and Fana boroughs in the city of Bergen in Hordaland county , Norway .
Gandhinagar , Thrissur is a residential area situated in the City of Thrissur in Kerala state of India .
Västra Frölunda , sometimes referred to as just Frölunda , is one of 21 boroughs in the city of Gothenburg , Sweden .
Klüsserath on the Moselle River is a commune of the Verbandsgemeinde Schweich in the district Trier - Saarburg in Rhineland - Palatinate in Germany , between Bernkastel - Kues and Trier .
Vetluga ( Russian : Ветлу́га ) is a town and the administrative center of Vetluzhsky District in Nizhny Novgorod Oblast , Russia , located on the right bank of the Vetluga River .
Copenhagen Castle ( Danish : Københavns Slot ) was a castle on Slotsholmen in Copenhagen , Denmark , built in the late 14th century at the site of the current Christiansborg Palace .
Chikly was declared a national cultural heritage in December 1993 and is owned by Ministry of Culture of Tunisia .
Received Pronunciation ( /rɪˈsiːvd prəˌnʌnsiˈeɪʃən/ ; RP ) is the accent of Standard English in the United Kingdom , with a relationship to regional accents similar to the relationship in other European languages between their standard varieties and their regional forms .
Al Markada ( Arabic : المركاض‎ ) , also spelled Al Marked or Al Markad , is a locality in Dubai , United Arab Emirates ( UAE ) .
Cabaiguán ( Spanish pronunciation : ( kaβaiˈɣwan ) ) is a municipality and town in the province of Sancti Spíritus , Cuba .
Te Rapa is a mixed light industrial , large scale retail and semi - rural suburb to the northwest of central Hamilton , New Zealand that is built on a flat area that was previously the bed of an ancient river , the forerunner to the present Waikato River .
Əhmədağalı ( also , Akhmedagaly ) is a village and municipality in the Agdam Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Beauvoorde Castle ( Dutch : Kasteel Beauvoorde ) is a castle in Wulveringem , which since 1977 has been part of the municipality of Veurne , West Flanders , Belgium .
The Taieri River is the fourth - longest river in New Zealand and is in Otago in the South Island .
Zabiče ( pronounced ( zaˈbiːtʃɛ ) ; Italian : Zabice Castelvecchio ) is a village in the Municipality of Ilirska Bistrica in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia , close to the border with Croatia .
Beyram District ( Persian : بخش بیرم‎ ) is a district ( bakhsh ) in Gerash County , Fars Province , Iran .
Islamic University of Technology ( IUT ) ( Arabic : الجامعة الإسلامية للتقنية‎ ; Bengali : ইসলামিক ইউনিভার্সিটি অব টেকনোলজি ) is an educational and research institution in Bangladesh run and funded by the Organisation of Islamic Cooperation ( OIC ) .
The Tartu Observatory ( Estonian : Tartu Observatoorium ) is the largest astronomical observatory in Estonia .
Oslo West Station ( Norwegian : Oslo Vestbanestasjon ) or Oslo V , is a former railway station located in Vika in Oslo , Norway .
Rzgów Drugi ( ˈʐɡuf ˈdruɡi ) ( `` Second Rzgów '' , as distinct from the neighbouring Rzgów Pierwszy , `` First Rzgów '' ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rzgów , within Konin County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Kryal Castle is a replica medieval castle located eight kilometres east of Ballarat , Australia , at Leigh Creek , just north of Dunnstown , in the foothills of Mount Warrenheip .
High School Dalj is a public high school in Dalj , Erdut municipality , Croatia .
Dunbar Island is part of the West Point Island Group of the Falkland Islands .
The Mosque City of Bagerhat ( Bengali : মসজিদের শহর বাগেরহাট ) is a formerly lost city , located in the suburbs of Bagerhat city in Bagerhat District , in the Khulna Division of southwest of Bangladesh .
The Hochschule Weihenstephan - Triesdorf ( Weihenstephan - Triesdorf University of Applied Science ) is a Fachhochschule in Freising , Germany .
Cavad ( also , Dzhavad and Dzhavat ) is a village and municipality in the Sabirabad Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Michrówek ( miˈxruvɛk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pniewy , within Grójec County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Gonâve Island ( French : Île de la Gonâve , pronounced : ( ɡɔ.nav ) ; also La Gonâve ) is an island of Haiti located west - northwest of Port - au - Prince in the Gulf of Gonâve .
The Sainte - Maxime International Horror Film Festival is an annual horror film festival located in Sainte - Maxime , France .
Domestically , Paris Saint - Germain Féminines has won the Division 2 Féminine title once and the Coupe de France Féminine once .
Mashin ( Persian : ماشين‎ , also Romanized as Māshīn ; also known as Deh - e Māshīn and Marshīn ) is a village in Taftan - e Jonubi Rural District , Nukabad District , Khash County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Wat Phnom ( Khmer : វត្តភ្នំ ; `` Mountain Pagoda '' ) is a Buddhist temple ( wat ) located in Phnom Penh , Cambodia .
Ramshin ( Persian : رامشين‎ , also Romanized as Rāmshīn ; also known as Pūnam ) is a village in Pirakuh Rural District , in the Central District of Jowayin County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Krakiai ( Samogitian : Krakē ) , a village on Venta River in Northeastern Lithuania , Mažeikiai district municipality .
Cato Manor is a working - class area located seven kilometers from the city centre of Durban , South Africa .
Pagny - le - Château is a commune of the Côte - d'Or department in eastern France .
Hinterwaldberg is a dispersed settlement in the Oberpinzgau , the upper Salzach valley and the district of Zell am See / Pinzgau , and is a village and Katastralgemeinde in the municipality of Wald i m Pinzgau , on the southern edge of the Kitzbühel Alps in Austria .
Pétange ( Luxembourgish : Péiteng , German : Petingen ) is a commune and town in south - western Luxembourg .
Saint - Inglevert Airfield is a general aviation airfield at Saint - Inglevert , Pas - de - Calais,(Note 1 ) France .
Aspire Dome is the world 's largest indoor multi - purpose dome based in Qatar .
Mount Giles is one of the highest mountains in the Northern Territory , Australia , at 1389 metres AHD .
Sortlandssundet is a strait or sound in the municipality of Sortland in Nordland county , Norway .
The Crocodile Islands are a group of islands belonging to the Yan - nhangu speaking Yolngu people of the Northern Territory of Australia .
Gmunden Laarkirchen Airport ( German : Flugplatz Gmunden Laarkirchen , ICAO : LOLU ) is a private use airport located 6 kilometres ( 3.7 mi ) northeast of Gmunden , Oberösterreich , Austria .
Kreva ( Belarusian : Крэва , pronounced ( ˈkrɛva ) , Russian : Крéво , Polish : Krewo ) is a township in Grodno Region , Belarus .
Kibuli Secondary School ( KSS ) , is a mixed boarding middle ( grades 8 - 11 ) and high school ( grades 12 to 13 ) , in Uganda , the third - largest economy in the East African Community .
Eldorado Department is a department of Misiones Province , Argentina .
The Cerkno Hills ( Slovene : Cerkljansko hribovje or Cerkljansko ) is a transitional region between the Alpine and the Dinaric landscape , centered on Cerkno in northwestern Slovenia .
North Cape Tunnel ( Norwegian : Nordkapptunnelen ) is one of the longest subsea road tunnels in Norway .
The Abu Hanifa Mosque ( Arabic : مسجد أبو حنيفة‎ Masjid abū Ḥanīfah ) or ( Arabic : مسجد أبي حنيفة‎ Masjid abī Ḥanīfah ) also known as ( Arabic : جامع الإمام الأعظم‎ Gāmi ` al - imām al - aʿẓam ) is one of the most prominent Sunni mosques in Baghdad , Iraq .
Barsa - Kelmes Nature Reserve is a wildlife refuge on the former island of Barsa - Kelmes in Kyzylorda Region of Kazakhstan , in Central Asia .
Guixers is a municipality in the province of Lleida , Catalonia , Spain
The House of Lords ( Expulsion and Suspension ) Act 2015 is an Act of Parliament of the United Kingdom which authorised the House of Lords to expel a member , or to suspend a member for a definite period of time .
Gobeyr - e Seh ( Persian : گبيرسه‎ ; also known as Gobairé Sehe Shaikh Shaye , Gobeyr , and Gobeyr - e Seh - e Sheykh Shāyeh ) is a village in Anaqcheh Rural District , in the Central District of Ahvaz County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Aldea del Pinar is a village in the southeastern province of Burgos , Castilla y León , Spain .
Landing Zone Mack ( also known as Hill 484 ) was a U.S. Marine Corps base located northwest of Cam Lộ , Quảng Trị Province in central Vietnam .
Makati Shangri - La , Manila is a 5-star luxury hotel located in Makati and one of the three hotels managed by Shangri - La Hotels and Resorts in Metro Manila , Philippines .
The Torre del Reformador ( Tower of the Reformer ) is a 71.85 meter ( 236 ft . ) tall steel framework tower in Zone 9 of Guatemala City .
Braemar College is an ecumenical co - curricular private school located on Mount Macedon in Woodend , Victoria , Australia .
Palacagüina ( Spanish pronunciation : ( palakaˈɣwina ) ) is a municipality in the Madriz department of Nicaragua .
Noorani Basti is a locality of Hyderabad , in Sindh , Pakistan .
Prohodna ( Bulgarian : Проходна ) is a karst cave in north central Bulgaria , located in the Iskar Gorge near the village of Karlukovo in Lukovit Municipality , Lovech Province .
Pohronský Ruskov ( Hungarian : Oroszka ) is a village and municipality in the Levice District in the Nitra Region of Slovakia .
Kamenny Monastery ( Russian : Спасо-Преображенский Свято-Каменный монастырь ) was the name of a Russian Orthodox monastery situated on a small eponymous island in the very centre of the Kubensky Lake , in Ust - Kubinsky District of Vologda Oblast , Russia .
The village of Port Mathurin serves as the capital of the island of Rodrigues , a dependency of Mauritius .
Rucphen ( pronunciation ) is a municipality and a town in the southern Netherlands between Roosendaal and Etten - Leur , south of the railway , but without a train - station .
Island View Beach is located on the Eastern Cordova shore of the Saanich Peninsula , near Victoria , British Columbia , Canada .
Saint - Bazile ( Occitan : Sent Basaris ) is a commune in the Haute - Vienne department in the Limousin region in west - central France .
Maliyadeva Girls ' College is a national Buddhist school in Sri Lanka situated in Kurunegala .
Ålhus Church ( Norwegian : Ålhus kyrkje ) is a parish church in Jølster Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county , Norway .
The Barnim Plateau is a plateau which is occupied by the northeastern parts of Berlin and the surrounding federal state of Brandenburg in Germany .
Polže ( pronounced ( ˈpoːu̯ʒɛ ) ) is a small settlement west of Nova Cerkev in the Municipality of Vojnik in eastern Slovenia .
Manguaba Lagoon ( Portuguese Lagoa Manguaba ) is an estuarine lagoon in Alagoas state of northeastern Brazil .
Stechow - Ferchesar is a village in the Havelland district , in Brandenburg , Germany .
Palting is a municipality in the district of Braunau am Inn in the Austrian state of Upper Austria .
The Helsinki harbour rail line ( Finnish : Helsingin satamarata ) was a side rail track in Helsinki , Finland , built in the 1890s , and dismantled in 2009 .
Montafon is a valley in Austria that extends from the city of Bludenz to the Silvretta mountain range .
The Juno Beach Centre or , in French , Centre Juno Beach , is a museum located in Courseulles - sur - Mer in the Calvados region of Normandy , France .
The Swedish Municipal Workers ' Union ( Swedish : Svenska Kommunalarbetareförbundet ) , is the largest trade union in Sweden with 570 000 members as of 2005 , it was created 1910 .
Waruq ( Quechua waru basket or platform of a rope bridge to cross rivers / stony ground or place , precious stones , heaping , stone heap , -q a suffix , hispanicized spellings Huaroc , Huaroj ) is an archaeological site in Peru .
The Holy Week in Popayán , Cauca ( Colombia ) , is the celebration of the Passion and death of Jesus Christ through daily processions continuously performed since the sixteenth century between Good Friday nights and Holy Saturday .
Medan Kota is one of 21 districts in the city of Medan , North Sumatra , Indonesia .
Camp Grohn was a military base of the U.S. Army on the outskirts of Bremen , Germany after the end of World War II from 1945 to 1954 .
The Bangkok Planetarium is the oldest planetarium in Thailand .
Tivolis Koncertsal is a 1,660-capacity concert hall located at Tivoli Gardens in Copenhagen , Denmark .
Mrakodol ( Cyrillic : Мракодол ) is a village in the municipality of Novi Grad , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Zaveh County or Zave County ( Persian : شهرستان زاوه‎ ) is a county in Razavi Khorasan Province in Iran .
The Barrow Blitz is the name given to the Luftwaffe bombings of Barrow - in - Furness , United Kingdom during World War II . It took place primarily during April and May 1941 , although the earliest Luftwaffe bombing occurred in September 1940 .
Sant'Agata Bolognese is a small comune in the province of Bologna , Emilia - Romagna , north Italy .
The York Region District School Board ( YRDSB ) is the English - language public school board for York Regional Municipality located in Ontario , Canada .
Gömürdəhnə ( also , Gümür Dəhnə , Dəhnə , Gömür - Dəhnə , Gyumyurdekhnya , and Gemir''-dagnya ) is a village and municipality in the Quba Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Nunatak Island is an uninhabited island in the Qikiqtaaluk Region of Nunavut , Canada .
Tisaleo is a location in the Tungurahua Province , Ecuador and is the seat of the Tisaleo Canton .
McLeod Lake is an unincorporated community located on Highway 97 in northern British Columbia , Canada , 140 km ( 87 mi ) north of Prince George .
Hassle ( 59 ° 21′N 15 ° 22′E ) is a location in Närke , Sweden , where a Celtic treasure was found in 1936 .
Fogang County ( Chinese : 佛冈县 ; pinyin : Fógāng Xiàn ) is a county of north - central Guangdong province , People 's Republic of China .
The Nebelhorn Cable Car ( German : Nebelhornbahn ) in Oberstdorf , Germany is a cable car on the Nebelhorn mountain that was constructed in 3 sections .
Załszyn ( ˈzau̯ʂɨn ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mochowo , within Sierpc County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Vadstena Academy ( Swedish : Vadstena - Akademien , full name Stiftelsen internationella Vadstena - Akademien ) , is a music academy founded in 1964 by opera pedagogue Ingrid Maria Rappe ( 1915 - -1994 ) and based in the small city of Vadstena in Sweden .
Falmouth Docks are the docks of the town of Falmouth in Cornwall , England , United Kingdom .
Mashynobudivnyk Stadium ( Ukrainian : Стадіон Машинобудівник ) is a football stadium in Karlivka , Ukraine .
Kingston Heath Soccer Complex , is an Australian soccer stadium in Melbourne , Australia .
Adi Keyh Subregion is a subregion in the Debub ( Southern ) region ( Zoba Debub ) of Eritrea .
Zimnochy - Świechy ( ʑimˈnɔxɨ ˈɕfjɛxɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Suraż , within Białystok County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
The Pacific Plaza Towers are high - end residential condominium skyscrapers located across One McKinley Place in Bonifacio Global City , Philippines .
Ostružanj is a village located in Osečina Municipality , Kolubara District , Serbia .
Rus Borisi ( Russian : Русские Борисы ) is a village and municipality in the Goranboy Rayon of Azerbaijan .
The Pioverna is a torrente ( a stream whose flow is subject to a high level of seasonal variation ) of Lombardy in northern Italy .
The Mastrafjord Tunnel ( Norwegian : Mastrafjordtunnelen ) is a subsea road tunnel in Rennesøy municipality in Rogaland county , Norway .
Littoisten Työväen Urheilijat ( abbreviated as LTU ) is sports club from Littoinen , Finland .
Avatika is an uninhabited island near Avatoru in the Tuamotus Islands in French Polynesia ( Oceania ) .
The 1966 UCI Road World Championships took place on 28 August 1966 at the Nürburgring , Germany .
Korea State , currently spelled as Koriya , was a princely state of the British Empire of India .
Kluskoil Lake Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia , Canada , located on the West Road River ( Blackwater River ) downstream from the Euchiniko Lakes .
Trstenik Airport ( ICAO : LYTR ) ( Serbian : Аеродром Трстеник , Latin : Aerodrom Trstenik ) also known as `` Ozai '' is an airport in Serbia , 2.5 km from the town of Trstenik and 12 km from the spa of Vrnjačka Banja .
The Karlsruhe Institute of Technology ( KIT ; German : Karlsruher Institut für Technologie ) is one of the largest and most prestigious research and education institutions in Germany known for its high quality of research work around the world .
Miziara ( known also as Meziara , Arabic : مزيارة ) is a village located in the Zgharta District in the North Governorate of Lebanon .
Gorna Malina ( Bulgarian : Горна Малина , pronounced ( ˈɡɔrnə ˈmalinə ) ) is a village in western Bulgaria , part of Sofia Province .
Průkopník svobody ( ' Pioneer of Freedom ' ) was a Czech language newspaper published from Vienna , Austria .
Herbaijum ( West Frisian : Hjerbeam ) is a small village in Franekeradeel in the province Friesland of the Netherlands and has around 258 citizens ( 2009 ) .
The Seoul Olympic Museum is a museum dedicated to the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul , South Korea .
Aşağı Kəldək ( also , Ashaga Kel’dek , Ashagy Kel’dek , and Ash - Kel’dek ) is a village in the Shaki Rayon of Azerbaijan .
The Boscastle flood of 2004 ( Cornish : An Lanwes Kastel Boterel 2004 ) occurred on Monday , 16 August 2004 in the two villages of Boscastle and Crackington Haven in Cornwall , England , United Kingdom .
Chevenez is a village and former municipality in the district of Porrentruy in the canton of Jura in Switzerland .
Köýtendag Range ( also Koytendag Range or Kugitangtau Range , Turkmen : Köýtendag ) is a spur of the Pamir - Alay mountains in the south - east of Turkmenistan , extending along the border with Uzbekistan 's Surkhandarya Province .
CHWI - DT , virtual and UHF digital channel 16 , is a CTV Two owned - and - operated television station serving Windsor , Ontario , Canada that is licensed to Wheatley .
Vali Sara ( Persian : والي سرا‎ , also Romanized as Vālī Sarā ) is a village in Ahmadsargurab Rural District , Ahmadsargurab District , Shaft County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Gileh Sara ( Persian : گيله سرا‎ , also Romanized as Gīleh Sarā ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Masal County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Al - Ahliyya Amman University ( AAU ) ( or Amman University , or Amman Private University ) is located in Amman , Jordan .
The Tsiazompaniry Dam is a buttress dam on the Varahina - South River , a tributary of the Ikopa River , near Tsiazompaniry in the Analamanga Region of Madagascar .
The Dzungarian Alatau ( Russian : Джунгарский Алатау ; Chinese : 阿拉套山 ; pinyin : Ālātào Shān ; Kazakh : Жетісу Алатауы ) is a mountain range that lies on the boundary of the Dzungaria region of China and the Zhetysu region of Kazakhstan .
Novy Tevriz ( Russian : Новый Тевриз ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) in Kargasoksky District of Tomsk Oblast , Russia , located on the left bank of the Vasyugan River , 190 kilometers ( 120 mi ) from Kargasok , the administrative center of the district .
Portland Bay is a small bay off the coast of Victoria , Australia .
Złoty Las ( ˈzwɔtɨ ˈlas ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świdnica , within Świdnica County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Zhabinka ( Belarusian : Жабінка , ( ˈʐabʲinka ) ; Russian : Жабинка ) it 's a city in the southwestern region of Brest , Belarus .
The Tannu - Ola mountains ( Tuvan : Таңды-Уула Tangdy - Uula mountains ; Mongolian : Тагны уулс , Тagny Uuls ) is a mountain range in southern Siberia , in the Tuva Republic of Russia .
Vught ( Dutch pronunciation : ( vʏxt ) ) is a municipality and a town in the southern Netherlands .
The Francke Foundations ( Franckesche Stiftungen ) , also known as Glauchasche Anstalten in Halle , were founded in 1695 as a Christian , social and educational work by August Hermann Francke ( 1663 - -1727 ) , a Pietist , theologian and university professor in Halle , Germany .
The Wulong Karst ( Chinese : 武隆喀斯特 ) is a karst landscape located within the borders of Wulong County , Chongqing Municipality , People 's Republic of China .
Dalweyn is a town in the Bari province of the autonomous Puntland region in northeastern Somalia .
Weitersfelden is a municipality ( German : Marktgemeinde ) in the district of Freistadt in the Mühlviertel in the Austrian state of Upper Austria .
Lac Pavin is a meromictic crater lake located in the Puy - de - Dôme department of France , between Besse - en - Chandesse and Super - Besse .
Preserje pri Zlatem Polju ( pronounced ( preˈsɛːrjɛ pri ˈzlaːtɛm ˈpoːlju ) ) is a small settlement in the hills north of Lukovica in the eastern part of the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia .
The history of the Curzon Line , with minor variations , goes back to the period following World War I. It was drawn for the first time by the Supreme War Council as the demarcation line between the newly emerging states , the Second Polish Republic , and the Bolshevik Russia .
Vaughan Road is a road in Toronto , Ontario , Canada .
Sidi Badhaj or Sidi Rahhal is a small town and rural commune in Al Haouz Province of the Marrakesh - Tensift - El Haouz region of Morocco .
Hålandsdal Church ( Norwegian : Hålandsdal kyrkje ) is a parish church in Fusa municipality in Hordaland county , Norway .
Nebljusi ( Serbian Cyrillic : Небљуси ) is a village in Croatia .
The Brim River is a river in the North Coast region of British Columbia , Canada , flowing into Owyacumish Bay which is at the west end of the Barrie Reach of the Gardner Canal .
Tel Adashim ( Hebrew : תֵּל עֲדָשִׁים , lit . Lentils Hill ) is a moshav in northern Israel .
Julurpad or Julurpadu ( Telugu : జూలూరుపాడు ) is a Mandal in Khammam district , Andhra Pradesh , India .
Nearby , between Measham and Swepstone , United Kingdom Coal are extracting coal using open cast mining methods .
Dülken is a town located in the North Rhine - Westphalia state of Germany .
Branice ( braˈnit͡sɛ ) ( German : Branitz ) is a village located in the Opole Voivodeship ( southern Poland ) , near the border with the Czech Republic .
Ozun ( Hungarian : Uzon , Hungarian pronunciation : ( ˈuzon ) ) is a commune in Covasna County , Romania composed of seven villages :
Upper Gotvand Dam , or simply the Gotvand Dam , is an embankment dam on the Karun River about 12 km ( 7.5 mi ) northeast of Gotvand in Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Nowy Węgrzynów ( ˈnɔvɨ vɛŋˈɡʐɨnuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słupia , within Jędrzejów County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Sińce ( ˈɕiɲt͡sɛ ) ( formerly German Schinz ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Białogard , within Białogard County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Niete ( Niété in French ) is a town in the Océan Department , South Province of Cameroon .
The Bardenas Reales is a semi - desert natural region , or badlands , of some 42,000 hectares ( 100,000 acres ) in southeast Navarre ( Spain ) .
The Bautzen Reservoir , ( German : Talsperre Bautzen ) is a reservoir on the River Spree in Germany .
The Regiment of Presidential Security ( French : Régiment de la Sécurité Présidentielle , RSP ) was the secret service organisation responsible for VIP security to the President of Burkina Faso , a landlocked country in West Africa .
Hestbrepiggene or Hestbreapiggan is a mountain ridge consisting of about 7 peaks in Breheimen National Park , in Oppland , Norway .
Padiyathalawa is a name of a village , a GS division , and a DS division of Sri Lanka .
The Santa Monica Parish Church of Alburquerque , commonly known as the Alburquerque Church , is a Roman Catholic church in the municipality of Alburquerque , Bohol , Philippines .
Benazir Bhutto Hospital , also known as the Rawalpindi General Hospital , is a hospital located on the Murree Road , Rawalpindi , Pakistan .
Vollerwiek ( Danish : Follervig , North Frisian : Folerwiik ) is a municipality in the district of Nordfriesland , in Schleswig - Holstein , Germany .
In application of the Law on Higher Education and Research ( France ) , the University of Paris - Est became an association of universities and higher education institutions ( ComUE ) on March 1 , 2015 .
Blatnice pod Svatým Antonínkem is a village in Hodonín County in the South Moravian Region of the Czech Republic .
Patission Street ( Greek : Οδός Πατησίων ) is one of the major streets in central Athens , Greece .
Klädesholmen is an island and village in Tjörn municipality , Bohuslän , Sweden .
Tikal Temple II ( or the Temple of the Masks , alternatively labelled by archaeologists as Tikal Structure 5D-2 ) is a Mesoamerican pyramid at the Maya archaeological site of Tikal in the Petén Department of northern Guatemala .
The Mahamanina Falls is a 60 meter high waterfall in the region of Diana in the north of Madagascar .
Sakiet Ezzit ( Tunisian Arabic : ساقية الزيت‎ sāqīyat az - zīt ) is a town and commune in the Sfax Governorate , Tunisia .
The town of Santa Catalina la Tinta is located at 110 km from Cobán and 278 km from Guatemala City .
Lien Khuong Airport ( IATA : DLI , ICAO : VVDL ) ( Vietnamese : Sân bay Liên Khương ) is the largest among 4 airports of Lâm Đồng Province in the Central Highlands region of Vietnam .
Drochowo ( drɔˈxɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Naruszewo , within Płońsk County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Oskoršnica ( pronounced ( ɔˈskoːɾʃnitsa ) ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Semič in southeastern Slovenia .
Boudouaou , during French colonialism known as L'Alma ( or Alma ) is a town in the western part of Boumerdès , Algeria .
Mahatma Gandhi Marine National Park is a national park of India in Wandoor on the Andaman Islands .
Masur - e Abi ( Persian : ماسورابي‎ , also Romanized as Māsūr - e Ābī ; also known as Māsūr ) is a village in Dorud Rural District , in the Central District of Dorud County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Spiennes is a Walloon village in the municipality of Mons , Belgium .
The Keystone Centre is a multi - purpose facility located in Brandon , Manitoba , Canada .
Murlen National Park is a national park located in the Champhai district Mizoram in India .
Heungcheonsa ( Hangul : 흥천사 ; RR : Heungcheonsa ) is a Buddhist temple of the Jogye Order in Seoul , South Korea .
CKX - TV was a television station in Brandon , Manitoba , Canada , formerly affiliated with CBC Television .
The Border Region is a NUTS Level III region of Ireland and is governed by the Border Regional Authority .
The Youth Training Scheme ( YTS ) was the former name in the United Kingdom of an on - the - job training course for school leavers aged 16 and 17 , managed by the Manpower Services Commission .
Instituto Politécnico Loyola ( Loyola Polytechnic Institute or IPL ) is an educational institution of basic and technological education in the Dominican Republic , founded by the Society of Jesus in 1952 .
The Munich Agreement was a settlement permitting Nazi Germany 's annexation of portions of Czechoslovakia along the country 's borders mainly inhabited by German speakers , for which a new territorial designation `` Sudetenland '' was coined .
Myriv was an ancient ( Iron Age ) Scythian settlement in Ukraine .
Yarbolaghi ( Persian : ياربلاغي‎ , also Romanized as Yārbolāghī ) is a village in Charuymaq - e Sharqi Rural District , Shadian District , Charuymaq County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Kollengode Palace is a palace situated in Thrissur city , Kerala state , India .
The poem `` Those Names '' by Banjo Paterson published in 1895 refers to Bongongolong as an example of place names unique to Australia .
Suai Airport ( IATA : UAI , ICAO : WPDB ) , also known as Covalima Airport , is an unattended airport located 4 km ( 2.5 mi ) east of Suai , a city in East Timor ( Timor - Leste ) .
Vallès Oriental ( bəˈʎɛz uɾjənˈtaɫ ) is a comarca ( county ) in Catalonia , Spain .
Kah Kesh ( Persian : كاهكش‎ , also Romanized as Kāh Kesh and Kāh Kash ; also known as Kākhesh ) is a village in Saman Rural District , Saman District , Shahrekord County , Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province , Iran .
Sakshaug Church ( Norwegian : Sakshaug kirke ) is a parish church in the municipality of Inderøy in Nord - Trøndelag county , Norway .
Subkowy ( supˈkɔvɨ ) is a village in Tczew County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Crèvecœur Castle ( French : Château de Crèvecœur ) is a ruined castle in Belgium , overlooking the village of Bouvignes - sur - Meuse in the province of Namur .
Coliseo El Pueblo ( English : The Coliseum of the People ) is an indoor sporting arena located in Cali , Colombia .
Taman Impian Putra is a housing estate in Bangi , Selangor , Malaysia .
Manić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Манић ) is a suburban settlement of Belgrade , the capital of Serbia .
Lashio ( Burmese : လားရှိုးမြို့ ; MLCTS : la hri : mrui . , IPA : ( láʃó mjo̰ ) ; Shan : လႃႈသဵဝ်ႈ ) is the largest town in northern Shan State , Myanmar , about 200 kilometres ( 120 mi ) northeast of Mandalay .
Network Applied Communication Laboratory Ltd. is an open source systems integrator located in Shimane Prefecture , Japan .
Bursaspor is the fourth football club in Turkey to start a dedicated television channel ( Bursaspor TV ) .
Julián Augusto Saldívar ( also known as Posta Leiva ) is a city located along the 23rd to 28th kilometer of Ruta 1 in the Central department of Paraguay .
Fannie Bay Gaol is a historic gaol in Darwin , Australia .
The island is part of the Isla Mujeres Municipality in the State of Quintana Roo , Mexico .
Neelavara or Nilavara ( Kannada : ನೀಲಾವರ ) is a village in Udupi district of Karnataka , India .
Odense Central Library ( Odense Centralbibliotek ; also known as Odense County Library ) is the public library for Odense , Denmark , and central library of Funen ( except Middelfart Municipality ) .
Velling Kirkeby is a small town in West Denmark on the peninsula of Jutland with a population of only 273 ( 1 January 2014 ) .
Grebenje ( pronounced ( ˈɡɾeːbɛnjɛ ) ) is a small settlement in the hills south of Velike Lašče in southern Slovenia .
Moturoa is a coastal suburb of New Plymouth , in the western North Island of New Zealand .
Odmy ( ˈɔdmɨ ) ( German : Odmy ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dąbrówno , within Ostróda County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The Galleria Nazionale dell'Umbria is the Italian national paintings collection of Umbria , housed in the Palazzo dei Priori , Perugia , in central Italy .
Gol Tappeh District ( Persian : بخش گل‌تپه‎ ) is a district ( bakhsh ) in Kabudarahang County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
Cerro Toco is a stratovolcano located in the eastern part of the Atacama desert in Chile 's II Region ( Antofagasta ) , approximately 6 km ( 4 mi ) south of the border between Bolivia and Chile and 12 km ( 7 mi ) SE of the Juriques and Licancabur volcanoes .
The Abrolhos Archipelago are a group of 5 small islands with coral reefs off the southern coast of Bahia state in the northeast of Brazil , between 17º25''--18º09 '' S and 38º33''--39º05 '' W. Caravelas is the nearest town .
Radziemice ( rad͡ʑɛˈmit͡sɛ ) is a village in Proszowice County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Opéra de Baugé is an opera festival held each summer near the Loire town of Baugé , 40 kilometres east of Angers , France .
Vicalvi Italy Website - History , Photos , Links : http://www.endex.com/gf/family/vicalvi/vicalvi.html
Ibarrolle ( Basque : Ibarla ) is a commune in the Pyrénées - Atlantiques department in south - western France .
Chastreix - Sancy is a small ski resort situated above the village of Chastreix in central France .
Pilies Street ( literally , `` Castle Street '' ; Lithuanian : Pilies gatvė ) is one of the main streets in the Old Town of Vilnius , the capital of Lithuania .
Wattville is a township south of Benoni in Ekurhuleni Metropolitan municipality , Gauteng , South Africa .
For the year 2012 - 13 , India 's Ministry of Tourism named Tirupati as the `` Best Heritage City '' .
Dukovce ( Hungarian : Dukafalva ) is a village and municipality in Svidník District in the Prešov Region of north - eastern Slovakia .
Kalkgurung Airport ( IATA : KFG , ICAO : YKKG ) is an airport serving Daguragu and Kalkarindji , Northern Territory , Australia .
Göçmenköy ( Turkish for `` village of the displaced '' ) is a quarter of North Nicosia in Northern Cyprus .
ABB Industrigymnasium is the name of three schools in Västerås , Sala and Ludvika , Sweden , secondary schools with a focus on engineering , information technology and enterprising .
Wheelus Air Base was a United States Air Force base located in the Kingdom of Libya .
Warsaw Public Library ( Polish : Biblioteka Publiczna m.st . Warszawy ) is one of the main libraries in Warsaw , and one of the largest in Poland .
Manzanera is small town and municipality in the province of Teruel , part of the autonomous community of Aragón , Spain .
Jangaluk ( Persian : جنگلوك‎ , also Romanized as Jangalūk ; also known as Jangalak ) is a village in Irandegan Rural District , Irandegan District , Khash County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Sekkemo Church ( Norwegian : Sekkemo kirke ) is a parish church in the municipality of Kvænangen in Troms county , Norway .
Boginja Vas ( pronounced ( bɔˈɡiːnja ˈʋaːs ) ; Slovene : Boginja vas ) is a small settlement south of Gradac in the Municipality of Metlika in the White Carniola area of southeastern Slovenia .
The EastLink Trail is a shared use path for cyclists and pedestrians , which follows the EastLink tollway for most of its length from Ringwood to Dandenong , in the outer eastern suburbs of Melbourne , Victoria , Australia .
Ruinaulta is a canyon created by the Vorderrhein in the debris of the Flims Rockslide just upstream of its confluence with the Hinter Rhine at Reichenau , Eastern Switzerland .
Steinkjer is a city and municipality in the Nord - Trøndelag county , Norway .
Nobina Sverige AB , former Swebus AB , is the largest bus operator in Sweden , with 5,277 employees , 2,241 buses and net sales of 5,138 million SEK .
Awbari Governorate or Ubari Governorate Arabic : أوباري محافظة‎ was one of the governorates ( muhafazah ) of Libya from 1963 to 1973 .
Szczyrzyc ( ˈʂt͡ʂɨʐɨt͡s ) ( formerly Szczyrzyce ) is a village in Poland , located in the Lesser Poland Voivodeship , Limanowa County , Jodłownik Commune .
Ingama is a village about 20 km south west of the present day Bulawayo , the second largest city of Zimbabwe .
Kalateh - ye Tir Kaman ( Persian : كلاته تيركمان‎ , also Romanized as Kalāteh - ye Tīr Kamān ; also known as Kalāteh ) is a village in Rob - e Shamat Rural District , Sheshtomad District , Sabzevar County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Dwaraka Nagar is a locality in Visakhapatnam of Andhra Pradesh , India .
Deobhog is a tehsil place in the Chhattisgarh State of India .
Heidelberg - Ziegelhausen is a residential district ( of fourteen ) at the eastern perimeter of the city of Heidelberg , Germany .
Långholmen Prison , officially Långholmen Central Prison ( Swedish : Långholmens centralfängelse ) , was historically one of the biggest prison facilities in Sweden with more than 500 cells , located on the island of Långholmen in Stockholm .
Chindrieux is commune in the Savoie department in the Rhône - Alpes region in south - eastern France .
Jyňňylhatap or Dzhingilkhatab is a town in eastern Turkmenistan near the border with Afghanistan .
Galēni parish ( Latvian : Galēnu pagasts , Latgalian : Vydsmuižys pogosts ) is an administrative unit of the Riebiņi Municipality , Latvia .
Halfaya ( Arabic : حلفايا‎ , also spelled Helfaya ) is a town in northern Syria , administratively part of the Hama Governorate , located about 25 kilometers northwest of Hama .
In 1947 , the Town & Country Planning Act set the boundary of Green belt ( United Kingdom ) at the Green Street Green edge of the town of Orpington , by the A20 and A21 roads .
Sinjhoro ( Sindhi : سنجھورو ) is a small city in Sanghar District , Sindh , Pakistan , about 12 km from Sanghar city , along Sanghar - Shahdad Pur Road .
Guntupalli Group of Buddhist Monuments is located near Kamavarapukota in state Andhra Pradesh , India .
Wronie Góry ( ˈvrɔɲe ˈɡurɨ ) , is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Giby , within Sejny County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland , close to the borders with Belarus and Lithuania .
Makham Sung ( Thai : มะขามสูง ) is a subdistrict in the Mueang Phitsanulok District of Phitsanulok Province , Thailand .
Playa Mayabeque ( Mayabeque Beach ) is a location in the southern part of Mayabeque Province , within 15 kilometers of Melena del Sur on the southern shore of Cuba .
The 2015 Illapel earthquake occurred 46 km ( 29 mi ) offshore from Illapel , Chile on September 16 at 19:54:33 Chile Standard Time ( 22:54:33 UTC ) , with a moment magnitude of 8.3 .
Colonia Felipe Pescador is a colonia or neighborhood of the Cuauhtémoc borough of Mexico City .
Šentjakob ( pronounced ( ʃɛnˈtjaːkɔp ) or ( ʃənˈtjaːkɔp ) ; German : Sankt Jakob ) is a settlement on the right bank of the Krka River in the Municipality of Šentjernej in southeastern Slovenia .
The Baths of Caracalla ( Italian : Terme di Caracalla ) in Rome , Italy , were the second largest Roman public baths , or thermae , built in Rome between AD 212 and 217 , during the reigns of Septimius Severus and Caracalla .
Zabukovica ( pronounced ( zaˈbuːkɔvitsa ) ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Žalec in east - central Slovenia .
The Longford Circuit was a temporary motor racing course laid out on public roads at Longford , 23 kilometres ( 14 mi ) south - west of Launceston in Tasmania , Australia .
The Scoresby Hills , also called the Scoresby Mountains , ( 75 ° 53′N 098 ° 00′W ) are a mountain range on the east coast of Bathurst Island , Nunavut , Canada .
Lofsdalen is a minor locality and ski resort located in Härjedalen , Sweden .
The Rotuaari is a pedestrian zone in the Pokkinen district in Oulu , Finland .
Al - Tawani ( Arabic : التواني‎ ) is a village in southern Syria , administratively part of the Rif Dimashq Governorate , located northeast of Damascus in the Qalamoun Mountains .
Orxeta ( Valencian : ( oɾˈtʃeta ) , Spanish : Orcheta ) is a small town and municipality in the comarca of Marina Baixa in the Valencian Community , Spain .
The Wakker Prize ( in German : Wakkerpreis , in French Prix Wakker , in Italian Premio Wakker ) is awarded annually by the Swiss Heritage Society to a Municipality of Switzerland for the development and preservation of its architectural heritage .
The Minister for Education and Skills ( Irish : An tAire Oideachais agus Scileanna ) is the senior minister at the Department of Education and Skills in the Government of Ireland .
Mount Richardson Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia , Canada , located on the lower Sunshine Coast to the north of Sechelt .
Mahidar - e Olya ( Persian : ماهيدرعليا‎ , also Romanized as Māhīdar - e `` Olyā and Māhīdar `` Olyā ) is a village in Khvor Khvoreh Rural District , Ziviyeh District , Saqqez County , Kurdistan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 703 , in 118 families .
Marcellin College Randwick is a systemic Roman Catholic , secondary , day school for boys , located in Randwick , a south - eastern suburb of Sydney , New South Wales , Australia .
Kulesze - Litewka ( kuˈlɛʂɛ liˈtɛfka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kulesze Kościelne , within Wysokie Mazowieckie County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Wasiłowice ( vaɕiwɔˈvʲit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała , within Prudnik County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Rodano is a city and comune in the province of Milan , Lombardy , Italy , with 4,300 inhabitants .
Mulada ( Hebrew : מולדה‎ ) is a Bedouin village in the Negev desert in southern Israel .
Gallery 1C03 is the University of Winnipeg campus art gallery in Winnipeg , Manitoba , Canada .
Maykop Airport ( Russian : Аэропорт `` Майкоп '' ) ( ICAO : URKM ) is a civilian airport located on the north of Maykop , Russia .
The Sorgue is a river in southeastern France , lying between the foothills of the Alps and the river Rhone .
The Miel I Dam , officially known as the Patángoras Dam , is a gravity dam on La Miel River just south of Norcasia in Caldas Department , Colombia .
Khormarud - e Shomali Rural District ( Persian : دهستان خرمارودشمالي‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Azadshahr County , Golestan Province , Iran .
Drijetanj ( Serbian Cyrillic : Дријетањ ) is a village located in the Užice municipality of Serbia .
The Ta'anakh region ( Hebrew : חבל תענך‎ , Hevel Ta'anakh ) , also known as Ta'anachim ( Hebrew : תענכים‎ ) , is an area to the south of Israel 's Jezreel Valley and east of the Wadi Ara region .
The Mambilla Plateau is a plateau in the Taraba State of Nigeria .
Alvai or Alvaay ( Tamil : அல்வாய் Alvāy ) is a coastal village in Vadamaraadchi , northern Jaffna Peninsula , Sri Lanka .
Matad ( Mongolian : Матад ) is a sum ( district ) of Dornod Province in eastern Mongolia .
Ziarat Konar ( Persian : زيارت كنار‎ , also Romanized as Zīārat Konār ) is a village in Kahnuk Rural District , Irandegan District , Khash County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
The Zagreb Cathedral on Kaptol is a Roman Catholic institution and not only the tallest building in Croatia , but also the most monumental sacral building in Gothic style southeast of the Alps .
The Westdeutsche Allgemeine Zeitung is a leading commercial newspaper from Essen , Germany , published by WAZ - Mediengruppe .
Bučin ( Macedonian Cyrillic : Бучин ) is a village which lies in the Kruševo district of the Republic of Macedonia on both banks of the River Crna .
The Sot River is a tributary of the Ganges in Uttar Pradesh , India .
The Ospedale della Pietà was a convent , orphanage , and music school in Venice , in what is now northern Italy .
Shahmirzad ( Persian : شهميرزاد ‎ , Native Name شامرزا ) is a town located in the north of Iran , and on the southern slopes of the Alborz Mountains .
Anamur is a town and district of the province of Mersin , on the Mediterranean coast of southern Turkey , between Antalya and the city of Mersin .
Corcovado National Park ( Spanish : Parque Nacional Corcovado ) is a National Park on the Osa Peninsula in Osa ( canton ) , southwestern Costa Rica ( 9 ° North , 83 ° West ) , which is part of the Osa Conservation Area .
Kjærlighetskarusellen ( English : The Carousel of Love ) is a public urinal in Oslo , Norway , built in 1937 .
The Châteauroux Classic de l'Indre Trophée Fenioux was a single - day road bicycle race held annually in August in the region of Indre , France , starting and finishing in Châteauroux .
The Zollenspieker Ferry is a ferry across the Elbe river ( here Unterelbe ) in Germany .
Giannutri ( Italian pronunciation : ( dʒanˈnuːtri ) ) is a small island in the Tyrrhenian Sea off the coast of Tuscany , Italy ; it is the southernmost island of the Tuscan Archipelago and it is a frazione of the comune of Isola del Giglio in the Province of Grosseto .
Kurmuk is a town in south - eastern Sudan near the border with Ethiopia .
Birdaf ( Persian : بيردف‎ , also Romanized as Bīrdaf ; also known as Bīr ) is a village in Kahir Rural District , in the Central District of Konarak County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Fort Regent is a 19th - century fortification , and leisure centre , on Mont de la Ville ( Town Hill ) , in St. Helier , Jersey .
Damaq ( Persian : دمق‎ ; also known as Damagh ) is a city in and capital of Sardrud District , in Razan County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
Nukulau Island is a small islet belonging to Fiji .
Auray ( Breton : An Alre ) is a commune in the Morbihan department in Brittany in northwestern France .
Lewes Priory is a ruined medieval Cluniac priory in Southover , East Sussex in the United Kingdom .
Rutunium was a former Roman settlement at the site of Harcourt Park , Shropshire , in the United Kingdom .
Today accessed from Queenstown via the same road that leads to Coronet Peak skifield , Skippers Canyon houses the Shotover River , one of New Zealand 's richest gold - bearing rivers which was named by William Gilbert Rees .
Vestervig is a village in Vestervig Parish in Denmark , located in Thisted municipality in North Denmark Region ( until December 31 , 2006 ; Sydthy municipality , Viborg County ) .
ME Cancun , also known as ME by Melia Cancun , is an all - inclusive hotel and resort located in the Hotel Zone ( Zona Hotelera ) in Cancun , Mexico .
Ötigheim is a town in the district of Rastatt in Baden - Württemberg in Germany .
Yläne ( Finnish pronunciation : ( ˈylæne ) ) is a former municipality of Finland .
The Tamchinsky datsan ( also called the Tamchinskii datsan or Gusinoozyorsk Datsan ) is a Buddhist monastery founded in the mid-18th century in the village of Gusinoye Ozero , located on the south - western shore of Lake Gusinoye , Buryat Republic , Russia .
Chandras ( Greek : Χανδράς ) is a village in the municipality of Orestiada in the northern part of the Evros regional unit in Greece .
Hlybokaye or Glubokoye ( Belarusian : Глыбокае , Russian : Глубокое , Polish : Głębokie ) is a town in Vitebsk Region , Belarus , the capital of Hlybokaye Raion ( Belarusian : Глыбоцкі раён ) .
Montepiano woods cover the territory of four communes in this region of Italy , Accettura , Cirigliano , Stigliano and Pietrapertosa .
Zgornja Rečica ( pronounced ( ˈzɡoːɾnja ɾɛˈtʃiːtsa ) ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Laško in eastern Slovenia .
The Nura River or River Nura is a major watercourse of northeast - central Kazakhstan .
Hestmona or Hestmannøy is an island on the border of the municipalities of Rødøy and Lurøy in Nordland county , Norway .
Calut ( also , Calud and Dzhalut ) is a village and municipality in the Oghuz Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Charlita is an Eastern Orthodox village in Koura District of Lebanon .
Australia 's Northumberland Islands are a scattered island chain off the Queensland coast , located south - east of the city of Mackay roughly between the latitudes 21 ° S and 22 ° S. All islands are of the continental type .
Damietta University was founded in 2012 in Damietta city in Egypt ( Arabic : دمياط Dumyāṭ ) .
Kamienica Dolna ( kamjɛˈnit͡sa ˈdɔlna ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzostek , within Dębica County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Little Murray River ( New South Wales ) , an anabranch of the Murray River and part of the Murray - Darling basin , is located in the western Riverina region of south western New South Wales , Australia .
Mount Tampomas is a small andesitic stratovolcano in West Java , Indonesia .
Netanya Railway Station ( Hebrew : תחנת הרכבת נתניה‎ , Taḥanat HaRakevet Netanya ) is an Israel Railways passenger station located in the city of Netanya and serves the city , with its large industrial zones , as well as other small communities in the area .
Orchowo ( ɔrˈxɔvɔ ) is a village in Słupca County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Gori State Teaching University is a center for education and science in Shida Kartli in the Gori district of Georgia , it was established as a result of merging of two high education institutions :
Cadejé Airstrip ( IATA : N / A ) is a private dirt airstrip located In Cadejé , 13 km North of San Juanico , Municipality of Comondú , Baja California Sur , Mexico .
Franeker City Hall ( Dutch : Stadhuis van Franeker ) is the city hall of the municipality of Franeker , Netherlands , one of the eleven historical cities of Friesland .
Peel Forest is a small community in the Canterbury Region of New Zealand .
Jalan Batang Kali - Ulu Yam ( Selangor state route B113 ) is a major road in Selangor , Malaysia
Tableview or Table View is a west coast suburb of Cape Town , South Africa , named after its view of Table Mountain .
Taman Sentosa is a township in Johor Bahru city , Johor , Malaysia with many pubs and nightclubs .
The District of Pristina ( Albanian : Rajoni i Prishtinës ; Serbian : Приштински округ , Prištinski okrug ) is the largest district in Kosovo , with seat in the capital city of Pristina .
Mian Dowhan - e Sofla ( Persian : مياندوهان سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Mīān Dowhān - e Soflá ; also known as Mīān Dahān - e Soflá ) is a village in Bazoft Rural District , Bazoft District , Kuhrang County , Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province , Iran .
Schloss Rastatt is a baroque schloss in Rastatt , Germany .
Qombo'ul ( Somali : Qumbucul ) is an historical town in the northern Sanaag region of Somalia .
ABC North and West SA is a local radio station based in Port Pirie , South Australia , owned by the Australian Broadcasting Corporation .
Lake Drwęca ( Polish : Jezioro Drwęckie , German : Drewenzer See , Lithuanian : Druvinčia ) is a lake in the Masurian Lake District of the Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship of Poland .
Ngaanyatjarra is an Indigenous Australian cultural group in the Western Desert , Central Australia .
Timmelsjoch ( Italian : Passo del Rombo ) , ( elevation 2,509 metres ( 8,232 ft ) ) is a high mountain pass that creates a link through the Ötztal Alps along the border between Austria and Italy .
Rocky Mountaineer Station in Vancouver , British Columbia , Canada , is a railway station which acts as the western terminus of the Rocky Mountaineer train service to Jasper , Banff and Calgary .
Pfeffingen ( Swiss German : Pfäffige ) is a municipality in the district of Arlesheim in the canton of Basel - Country in Switzerland .
Mount Dama Ali is a 25 km wide shield volcano in Ethiopia , on the shore of Lake Abbe
Muorkkejávrre ( Lule Sami ) or Eidevatnet ( Norwegian ) is a lake that lies in the municipality of Fauske in Nordland county , Norway .
The Jardine River is the largest river of the Cape York Peninsula in Far North Queensland , Australia .
Kargıpınarı ( former Gilindire ) is a town in Mersin Province , Turkey
Bliedersdorf ( in High German , in Low Saxon : Bliersdörp ) is a municipality in the district of Stade , Lower Saxony , Germany .
The Men 's League for Women 's Suffrage was a society formed in 1907 by the left - wing writers Henry Brailsford , Max Eastman , Laurence Housman , Henry Nevinson and others to pursue women 's suffrage in the United States of America .
Mowtowr - e Shiraziha ( Persian : موتورشيرازيها‎ , also Romanized as Mowtowr - e Shīrāzīhā ) is a village in Arzuiyeh Rural District , in the Central District of Arzuiyeh County , Kerman Province , Iran .
The Jura foot railway line ( German : Jurafusslinie ) or Jura south foot line ( German : Jurasüdfusslinie ) in Switzerland runs from Olten along the foot of the southern Jura range through Solothurn , Grenchen , Biel / Bienne , Neuchâtel Yverdon - les - Bains and Morges to Geneva .
Bullarto railway station is a railway station on the Daylesford line in Bullarto , Victoria , Australia .
Ban Hafiz Jee is a village and union council of Mianwali District in the Punjab province of Pakistan and is located in Mianwali Tehsil .
Biševo ( pronounced ( bîʃɛv̞ɔ ) , Chakavian : Bisovo , Italian : Busi ) is an island in the Adriatic Sea in Croatia .
Ottersweier is a community in western Baden - Württemberg , Germany .
Pogorzałki Wielkie ( pɔɡɔˈʐau̯ki ˈvjɛlkʲɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koźmin Wielkopolski , within Krotoszyn County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Point Pedro ( Tamil : பருத்தித்துறை Paruthithurai , Sinhalese : පේදුරු තුඩුව Peduru Thuduwa ) is a town , located in Jaffna District , Sri Lanka , at the northernmost point of the island .
Tell Massas ( Arabic : تل مساس‎ ) , also known as Barwar ( برور ) , is a village near Tell Tamer in western al - Hasakah Governorate , northeastern Syria .
Lower Navarre ( Basque : Nafarroa Beherea or Baxenabarre , Gascon / Bearnese : Navarra Baisha , French : Basse - Navarre , Spanish : Baja Navarra ) is a traditional region of the present day Pyrénées Atlantiques département of France .
The Monti delle Mainarde , also known just as Le Mainarde , is a range of calcareous mountains on the border between the regions of Lazio and Molise in southern central Italy .
The Fen Line is a railway in the United Kingdom that runs between the cities of Cambridge and Ely Cambridgeshire and the town of King 's Lynn , Norfolk ; the line is so called because it runs through The Fens .
Bhimgad Wildlife Sanctuary is a protected area in the Western Ghats , in Khanapur Taluk of Belgaum District near Jamboti Village , Karnataka state , India .
Zgorzelec ( zɡɔˈʐɛlɛt͡s ) ( German : Görlitz , Upper Sorbian : Zhorjelc ) is a town in south - western Poland with 32,322 inhabitants ( 2012 ) .
The Kuokuang Power Plant ( Chinese : 國光發電廠 ; pinyin : Guóguāng Fādiànchǎng ) is a gas - fired power plant in Guishan District , Taoyuan City , Taiwan .
Gudur , Kurnool district is a village and a Mandal in Kurnool district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India .
Çuka e Partizanit is a mountain peak in Albania .
Boudinar ( Amazigh : Budinar , ⴱⵓⴷⵉⵏⴰⵔ , Arabic : بودينار ) is a commune in the Driouch Province of the Oriental administrative region of Morocco .
The Gir Forest National Park and Wildlife Sanctuary ( also known as Sasan - Gir , and गिर वन ) is a forest and wildlife sanctuary in Gujarat , India .
`` Aegukga '' ( Hangul : 애국가 ; hanja : 愛國歌,Korean pronunciation : ( ɛːɡukk͈a ) ; English : `` Patriotic Song '' ) is the national anthem of South Korea .
Hancheng ( Chinese : 韩城 ; pinyin : Hánchéng ) is a city in Shaanxi Province , People 's Republic of China , about 125 miles northeast of Xi'an , at the point where the south - flowing Yellow River enters the Guanzhong Plain .
Machairado ( Greek : Μαχαιράδο ) is a village in the central part of the island of Zakynthos , Greece .
Harbledown Island is an island in the Central Coast region of British Columbia , Canada , located west of West Cracroft Island .
Yeniceoba is a municipality in the province of Konya in Turkey .
Klewnuggit Inlet Marine Provincial Park is a provincial park that covers 1,773 hectares ( 4,380 acres ) in British Columbia , Canada .
As of 2001 India census , Vekkalam had a population of 6585 with 3224 males and 3361 females living there .
The Southern Korea evergreen forests occupy an area of 14,700 square kilometres ( 5,700 sq mi ) in South Korea , at the southern margin of the Korean Peninsula , as well as the Gotjawal Forest on Jeju Island in the East China Sea , 60 km from the Korean coast .
Grodziec castle has a history dating back to 1155 and is located in the Silesia region of Poland .
Šmarješke Toplice ( pronounced ( ʃmaˈɾjeːʃkɛ tɔˈpliːtsɛ ) ) is a settlement in the traditional region of Lower Carniola in southeastern Slovenia .
Debundscha is a village in the south - western Region of the republic of Cameroon .
Herby ( ˈxɛrbɨ ) is a village in Lubliniec County , Silesian Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
The Niokolo - Koba National Park ( fr . Parc National du Niokolo Koba PNNK ) is a World Heritage Site and natural protected area in south eastern Senegal near the Guinea - Bissau border .
The Bibliothèque municipale de Nancy ( est . 1750 ) is a public library in Nancy , France .
Kityari is located near SWAT region , which is also called the Switzerland of Pakistan .
Opatovská Nová Ves ( Hungarian : Apátújfalu ) is a village and municipality in the philippines Krtíš District of the Banská Bystrica Region of southern Slovakia .
Curriñe is a village ( Spanish : aldea ) located at the confluence of Blanco River and Curriñe River , near northern shore of Maihue Lake , Futrono commune , southern Chile .
Vəlvələ ( also , Vel’veli ) is a village and municipality in the Quba Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Omdurman Ahlia University ( OAU ) is a community non - profit university in Omdurman , Sudan .
Yuraq Mach'ay ( Quechua yuraq white , mach'ay cave , `` white cave '' , hispanicized spelling Yuracmachay ) is an archaeological site with rock paintings in Peru .
The Autovía A-45 ( also known as Autovía de Málaga ) is an autovía in Andalusia , Spain , running from the Autovía A-4 at Córdoba to the Autovía A-7 at Málaga .
The Garden of the Provinces and Territories is a 4-acre ( 1.6 ha ) site along Confederation Boulevard in Ottawa , Ontario , Canada 's capital city .
Alvatan ( Persian : الواتان‎ , also Romanized as Ālvātān ; also known as Ālātān ) is a village in Gavork - e Nalin Rural District , Vazineh District , Sardasht County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Kurjenrahka National Park ( Finnish : Kurjenrahkan kansallispuisto , Swedish : Kurjenrahka nationalpark ) is a national park in Southwest Finland .
Mal - e Gap ( Persian : مل گپ‎ ) is a village in Delvar Rural District , Delvar District , Tangestan County , Bushehr Province , Iran .
Harzburgite , an ultramafic , igneous rock , is a variety of peridotite consisting mostly of the two minerals , olivine and low - calcium ( Ca ) pyroxene ( enstatite ) ; it is named for occurrences in the Harz Mountains of Germany .
Antabamba ( in hispanicized spelling ) or Antapampa ( Quechua anta copper , pampa plain , `` copper plain '' ) is a town in southern Peru , capital of the province with the same name in the region Apurímac .
Mégrine ( مقرين ) is a town and commune in the Ben Arous Governorate , Tunisia .
The Melbourne International School of Japanese , Inc. ( MISJ ; メルボルン国際日本語学校 Meruborun Kokusai Nihongo Gakkō ) is a supplementary Japanese school in Melbourne , Australia .
Norcia ( Italian pronunciation : ( ˈnɔrtʃa ) ) , traditionally known in English by its Latin name of Nursia /ˈnɜrsiə/ , is a town and commune in the province of Perugia ( Italy ) in southeastern Umbria .
Kądzielów ( kɔnˈd͡ʑeluf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łazy , within Zawiercie County , Silesian Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Te Kao is a district on the Aupouri Peninsula of Northland , New Zealand .
Mendrelgang Gewog ( Dzongkha : མནྜལ་སྒང་ ) is a gewog ( village block ) of Tsirang District , Bhutan .
The Mutdapilly fossil locality is a geological formation in the North West Slopes of northern New South Wales , Australia .
Kamraniyeh ( Persian : كامرانيه‎ , also Romanized as Kāmrānīyeh ) is a village in Dastgerdan Rural District , Dastgerdan District , Tabas County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Mawana is a town in Meerut district in the Uttar Pradesh state of India .
The Giardino Botanico Mediterraneo ( 10 hectares ) is a botanical garden located along the Adriatic Sea about 2 kilometers north of San Salvo , Province of Chieti , Abruzzo , Italy .
Tsivory is a large town in Anosy region in southern Madagascar .
Goz Beïda National Park is a national park in Chad and covers an area of 3000 km2 .
Santa Maria della Concezione a Montecalvario is a church in central Naples , Italy .
Notak is a town and union council of Bhakkar District in the Punjab province of Pakistan in Notak .
Amrut Nagar is a neighbourhood in Ghatkopar , a suburb of Mumbai in India .
Tikhvin ( Russian : Ти́хвин ) is a town and the administrative center of Tikhvinsky District in Leningrad Oblast , Russia , located on both banks of the Tikhvinka River in the east of the oblast , 200 kilometers ( 120 mi ) east of St. Petersburg .
Jazan Economic City ( Arabic : مدينة جيزان الاقتصادية‎ ) is an economic city in the Jizan Province of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia , with a focus on the energy and manufacturing industries .
Jalan Masjid KLIA , Federal Route is an institutional facilities federal road in Kuala Lumpur International Airport ( KLIA ) in Malaysia .
The Diocesan Boys ' School ( DBS ) ( Chinese : 拔萃男書院 ) is one of Hong Kong 's leading private boys ' schools located at 131 Argyle Street , Mong Kok , Kowloon , Hong Kong .
1919 in Argentine football saw the `` Asociación Argentina de Football '' ( AFA ) championship abandoned mid season .
Ladarak ( Persian : لادرك‎ , also Romanized as Lādarak ) is a village in Shirkuh Rural District , in the Central District of Taft County , Yazd Province , Iran .
Luwuk is the capital of Banggai Regency , Central Sulawesi , Indonesia .
Port Moody is a city in Metro Vancouver , enveloping the east end of Burrard Inlet in British Columbia , Canada .
Abish Ahmad ( Persian : آبش احمد‎ ; also Romanized as Abīsh Aḩmad ; also known as Ābesh Aḩmad ) is a city in and the capital of Abish Ahmad District , in Kaleybar County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Flying Dust First Nation is a Cree First Nation band government located adjacent to the city of Meadow Lake in Saskatchewan , Canada .
De Treffers is an amateur football club from Groesbeek , The Netherlands .
Pitsiulartok or Pituilaktok ( formerly : Fairway Island ) , is a small , uninhabited island located at 63 ° 15'N , 90 ° 33'W in Hudson Bay , about 13 km from the community of Chesterfield Inlet , Nunavut , Canada .
Cărbunari ( Hungarian : Szenesfalu ) is a commune in Caraş - Severin County , western Romania , with a population of 1,282 people .
Kher Khereh ( Persian : خرخره‎ , also Romanized as Kherkhereh ; also known as Jazīreh Kher Khereh and Beyt - e Yāsīn ) is a village in Bahmanshir - e Shomali Rural District , in the Central District of Abadan County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Le Soliat is a mountain of the Jura , overlooking Lake Neuchâtel in western Switzerland .
Bourges Airport ( French : Aéroport de Bourges ) ( IATA : BOU , ICAO : LFLD ) is an airport serving Bourges , a commune in the Cher department of the Centre region of France .
Kurortny District ( Russian : Куро́ртный райо́н ) is a district of the federal city of St. Petersburg , Russia , located on the Karelian Isthmus along the northern shore of the Gulf of Finland .
Priorswood ( Irish : Coill an Phrióra ) is a district formed in northern Coolock , on the Northside of Dublin , Ireland .
Krum , Haskovo Province is a village in the municipality of Dimitrovgrad , in Haskovo Province , in southern Bulgaria .
Bratsch is a village in the municipality of Gampel - Bratsch in the district of Leuk of the canton of Valais in Switzerland .
Uvongo is a seaside resort south of Port Shepstone at the mouth of the Vungu River in KwaZulu - Natal , South Africa .
Arcipelago Toscano National Park is a large Tuscan Archipelago national park and marine park in the Provinces of Grosseto and Livorno , western Tuscany , Italy .
Tymbark ( ˈtɨmbark ) is a village in southern Poland , some 80 km south - east of Kraków , population 2,400 ( 2004 data ) .
Magyaregregy ( Croatian : Gređa ) is a village in Baranya county , Hungary .
Uoleva is an sand - cay island in Lifuka district , in the Ha'apai islands of Tonga .
Kangle Station ( Chinese : 康樂車站 ; pinyin : Kānglè Chēzhàn ) is a railway station on the Taiwan Railways Administration ( TRA ) South - Link Line located in Taitung City , Taitung County , Taiwan .
Galston Gorge is part of the picturesque Berowra Valley Regional Park in Sydney , Australia and separates Galston from Hornsby Heights .
Asaluyeh County ( Persian : شهرستان عسلویه‎ ) is a county in Bushehr Province in Iran .
Zgliczyn - Glinki ( ˈzɡlit͡ʂɨn ˈɡliŋki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radzanów , within Mława County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The 2001 World Men 's Handball Championship took place in France from 23 January to 4 February 2001 .
Kuusjoki ( Finnish pronunciation : ( ˈkuːsjoki ) ) is a former municipality of Finland .
Karaurgan is a flag stop near the village of Karaurgan in the Kars Province of Turkey .
Abu Qrenat or Abu Karinat ( Arabic : ابو قرينات‎ ; Hebrew : אבו קרינאת‎ ) is a Bedouin village in Israel .
The Ujście Warty National Park , also , Warta River Mouth National Park , ( Polish : Park Narodowy Ujście Warty ) is the youngest of Poland 's 23 National Parks .
Baghra is a town situated in the Baghara Mandal of Muzaffarnagar District in Uttar Pradesh , India .
Aucapata Municipality is municipality of the Muñecas Province in the La Paz Department , Bolivia .
Gloucester Street railway station was a railway station on the Queensland Rail suburban network in Brisbane , the state capital of Queensland , Australia .
Skagens Museum is an art museum in Skagen , Denmark , which exhibits an extensive collection of works by members of the colony of Skagen Painters who lived and worked in the area in the late 19th and early 20th centuries .
The Supreme People 's Court ( Chinese : 最高人民法院 ; pinyin : Zuìgāo Rénmín Fǎyuàn ) is the highest court in the mainland area of the People 's Republic of China .
Kleiner Labussee is a lake in the Mecklenburgische Seenplatte district , Mecklenburg - Vorpommern , Germany .
Because of its strategic position , Meiktila is home to Myanmar Air Force 's central command and Meiktila Air Force Base .
Vancouver Whitecaps FC U-23 , formerly known as Whitecaps FC Reserves , was a Canadian soccer team based in Vancouver , British Columbia , Canada .
Myryla ( Russian : Мырыла ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) the administrative center , and one of two inhabited localities including Khakhyyakh of Solovyevsky Rural Okrug in Churapchinsky District of the Sakha Republic , Russia , located 76 kilometers ( 47 mi ) from Churapcha , the administrative center of the district .
Lake Lubāns is a lake in Latvia ( in Latvian : Lubāns , Lubānas ezers or Lubāna ezers ) .
Valamedar ( Persian : ولامدر‎ , also Romanized as Valāmedar ) is a village in Hesar Kharvan Rural District , Mohammadiyeh District , Alborz County , Qazvin Province , Iran .
Svitiaz ( Ukrainian : Сві́тязь ; Belarusian : Свіцязь ; Polish : Świtaź ; Russian : Свитязь ) is the deepest lake in Ukraine , with a maximum depth of 58.4 m. It is the second largest in the country .
Magway District is a district of the Magway Region ( formerly Magway Division ) in central Myanmar .
The Old Navarino castle ( Greek : Παλαιό Ναυαρίνο ) is a 13th - century fortress near Pylos , Greece .
Gbefi is a village in Kpando Municipal district , a district in the Volta Region of Ghana .
The Museum of Modern Literature ( Literaturmuseum der Moderne ) or LiMo is part of the German Literature Archive ( Deutsches Literaturarchiv ) in Marbach am Neckar , Germany .
Wąchabno ( vɔ̃ˈxabnɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siedlec , within Wolsztyn County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Villaggio Mall is a shopping mall located in the Aspire Zone in the west end of Doha , the capital city of Qatar .
Newtown Park is a multi - purpose stadium in Wellington , New Zealand .
Georgiana Molloy Anglican School is a co - educational private school located in Busselton , Western Australia , and is named after the notable early Western Australian settler Georgiana Molloy .
Húnaflói ( Huna Bay ) is a large bay between Strandir and Skagaströnd in Iceland .
South Bridge Road ( Chinese : 桥南路 ) is a road south of Singapore River in Chinatown , Singapore , which starts from Elgin Bridge and ends at the junction of Neil Road , Tanjong Pagar Road and Maxwell Road .
The Arida Border Crossing ( Arabic : مركز حدود العريضة‎ ) is an international border crossing between Syria and Lebanon .
Brnj ( Cyrillic : Брњ ) is a village in the municipality of Kakanj , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Vikram Dev College , Jeypore is a graduation college in India , located in the eastern state of Odisha .
Bruce Bay or Mahitahi is a bay in South Westland , New Zealand on the Tasman Sea .
Hardy Brothers is a specialty retailer and private company of fine jewellery , timepieces and decorative arts in Australia .
Kostelec nad Černými lesy ( translating to Churchtown above the Black Forest ; German : Schwarzkosteletz ) , is a town in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic .
Bangsjøan is a series of lakes that straddle the borders of the municipalities of Snåsa , Grong , Overhalla , and Steinkjer in Nord - Trøndelag county , Norway .
Les Sables - d'Olonne ( pronounced : ( lɛ sabl dolɔn ) ) ( French meaning : `` the sands of Olonne '' ) is a seaside town in western France , by the Atlantic Ocean .
Baler Bay is a bay in the northeastern portion of Luzon island in the Philippines .
San Ignacio de Moxos ( short : San Ignacio ) is a town in the Beni Department of northern Bolivia .
East Zagori ( Greek : Ανατολικό Ζαγόρι ) is a former municipality in the Ioannina regional unit , Epirus , Greece .
Colegio Diego Portales ( English : Diego Portales School ) is a Chilean primary and secondary located in Machalí , Cachapoal Province , Chile .
Cecchina ( Italian pronunciation : ( tʃekˈkiːna ) ) is a town located approximately 30 km south - east of Rome in the Italian region of Lazio , in central Italy .
Dar Ganji ( Persian : دارگنجي‎ , also Romanized as Dār Ganjī ) is a village in Tayebi - ye Sarhadi - ye Gharbi Rural District , Charusa District , Kohgiluyeh County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Ballingarry Coal Mines are underground coal mines located near the village of Ballingarry , County Tipperary , Ireland .
Chincho District is one of the twelve districts in the province Angaraes in Peru .
Paistunturi Wilderness Area ( Finnish : Paistunturin erämaa ) is a wilderness reserve in Lapland , Finland .
Jaunmuiža Manor , also called Jaunlutriņi Manor , is a manor house in the historical region of Courland , in western Latvia .
Prince of Wales Hospital ( Chinese : 威爾斯親王醫院 ) is a regional acute public hospital located in Sha Tin , New Territories in Hong Kong .
Peralba ( Hochweißstein in German ) is a mountain of the Carnic Alps in Veneto , northeastern Italy , although its summit is only a few hundred metres from the Austrian border .
Yalghuz Aghaj ( Persian : يالغوز آغاج‎ , also Romanized as Yālghūz Āghāj ; also known as Ālūzāqaj , Holzāqāch , Huluzagach , Yalghuz Aghach , Yalqūz Aghāj , Yālqūz Āghāj , and Yalqūz Āqāj ) is a village in Yalghuz Aghaj Rural District , Serishabad District , Qorveh County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Mir Aqa Beyk ( Persian : ميراقابيك‎ , also Romanized as Mīr Āqā Beyk and Mīr Āqā Beyg ; also kown as Āqā Beyk and Āqā Beyg ) is a village in Pain Velayat Rural District , in the Central District of Taybad County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Municipal District of Greenview No . 16 is a municipal district in northwest Alberta , Canada .
Kiyevsky railway terminal ( Russian : Ки́евский вокза́л , Kievskiy vokzal ) also known as Moscow Kiyevskaya railway station ( Russian : Москва́-Ки́евская , Moskva - Kievskaya ) is one of the nine railway terminals of Moscow , Russia .
Kamionka nad jeziorem Zamarte ( kaˈmjɔnka ˌnad jɛˈʑɔrɛm zaˈmartɛ ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Chojnice , within Chojnice County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The Töölö Rowing Stadium is a rowing and canoeing venue located a kilometer from Helsinki Olympic Stadium in Helsinki , Finland .
Haftabad ( Persian : هفت اباد‎ , also Romanized as Haftābād ; also known as Āftābeh ) is a village in Rivand Rural District , Centeral District , Nishapur County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Souhane is a small mountain town between Larbaa and Tablat in the wilaya of Blida , Algeria , along the RN 8 highway about 25 km south of Algiers .
Khaleh Sar ( Persian : خاله سر‎ , also Romanized as Khāleh Sar ; also known as Khālsar ) is a village in Lat Leyl Rural District , Otaqvar District , Langarud County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Ashagy Karashanly ( also , Ashaga Karadzhanly and Ash - Karachanly ) is a village in the Kalbajar Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Ban Jelačić Square ( Croatian : Trg bana Josipa Jelačića or Trg bana Jelačića , pronounced ( bâːn jɛ̌lat͡ʃit͡ɕ ) ) is the central square of the city of Zagreb , Croatia , named after ban Josip Jelačić .
Mijar ( rathan ) is a village in Dakshina Kannada district of Karnataka state , India .
Manigonigo Island ( variously Manigonigo Islet and called Islote de Manigonigo during Spanish rule ) is an island in northeastern Iloilo , Philippines .
The American School of Dubai ( ASD , Arabic : المدرسة الأمریکیة بدبي‎ ) , previously known as the Jumeirah American School , is located in the Al - Barsha community of Dubai , United Arab Emirates .
Adam Airport is a proposed domestic airport situated in the wilayah of Adam in Ad Dakhiliyah Region of Oman .
Mynttorget ( Swedish : Coin Square ) is a public square in Gamla stan , the old town in central Stockholm , Sweden .
Observator Cultural ( meaning `` The Cultural Observer '' in English ) is a weekly literary magazine based in Bucharest , Romania .
The Taipei Metro Yuanshan Station is located between the Zhongshan and Datong districts in Taipei , Taiwan .
Ahneby ( Danish : Åneby ) is a municipality in Schleswig - Flensburg district , in northern Germany .
Podskrajnik ( pronounced ( pɔtˈskɾaːi̯nik ) ) is a settlement on the western outskirts of Cerknica in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia .
Stojanski Vrh ( pronounced ( stɔˈjaːnski ˈʋəɾx ) ; German : Stojanski Werch ) is a village in the Municipality of Brežice , eastern Slovenia , close to the border with Croatia .
Lelystad Airport ( IATA : LEY , ICAO : EHLE ) is an airport 3.5 NM ( 6.5 km ; 4.0 mi ) south southeast of the city of Lelystad in the Netherlands .
The Himmeldunkberg or Himmeldunk is a 887.9 m above sea level ( NN ) m high , extinct volcano in the High Rhön ( Hohe Rhön ) in Germany .
Mount Helicon ( Ancient Greek : Ἑλικών ; Modern Greek : Ελικώνας ) is a mountain in the region of Thespiai in Boeotia , Greece , celebrated in Greek mythology .
Shoja Khanlu ( Persian : شجاع خانلو‎ , also Romanized as Shojā `` Khānlū ) is a village in Bastamlu Rural District , in the Central District of Khoda Afarin County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 150 , in 33 families .
Ratnipora is a town in Kashmir , India , situated equally distant from three towns , Awantipora , Pulwama and Pampore .
The Municipality of Jesenice ( Slovene : Občina Jesenice ) is a municipality in northwest Slovenia .
Angell Woods is an old - growth forest in Beaconsfield , Quebec , Canada .
The Leofoo Village Theme Park ( Chinese : 六福村主題遊樂園 ; pinyin : Liùfú Cūn Zhǔtí Yóulèyuán ) is a theme park and a safari located in Guanxi Township , Hsinchu County , Taiwan .
The Larry Gomes Stadium , located in Malabar , Arima , Trinidad and Tobago , is named for West Indies cricketer Larry Gomes .
The Brienzer Rothorn is a mountain of the Emmental Alps , in Switzerland .
The Château de Menars is a château associated with Madame de Pompadour situated on the bank of the Loire at Menars ( Loir - et - Cher ) in France .
The Iriri Novo River is a tributary of the Iriri River in Pará state in north - central Brazil .
Assuly is a village in the Jalilabad Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Tursko Wielkie ( ˈturskɔ ˈvjɛlkʲɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osiek , within Staszów County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Dronning Louises Bro ( English : Queen Louise 's Bridge ) is a bridge across The Lakes in central Copenhagen , Denmark .
Cheshmeh - ye Yahya ( Persian : چشمه يحيي‎ , also Romanized as Cheshmeh - ye Yaḥya ) is a village in Sarbanan Rural District , in the Central District of Zarand County , Kerman Province , Iran .
The Rahmi M. Koç Museum is a private industrial museum in Istanbul , Turkey dedicated to history of transport , industry and communications .
Subiaco Marist Cricket Club ( SMCC ) is a cricket club based in Churchlands , Western Australia .
Darshahi ( Persian : دارشاهي‎ , also Romanized as Dārshāhī ) is a village in Dana Rural District , in the Central District of Dana County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Sar Dowkaneh ( Persian : سردوكانه‎ , also Romanized as Sar Dowkāneh ) is a village in Qarah Su Rural District , in the Central District of Kermanshah County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
The Parc et Roseraie du Château de Rambures ( 10 hectares ) is a private park with arboretum and rose garden located at the Château de Rambures , 8 , rue du Château , Rambures , Somme , Picardie , France .
Gilanbar - e Sofla ( Persian : گيلانبرسفلي‎ , also Romanized as Gīlānbar - e Soflá ; also known as Gīlānbar - e Bālā ) is a village in Dowlatabad Rural District , in the Central District of Ravansar County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Malaya Rata is the mountain areas of central Sri Lanka .
Kasompe Airport ( IATA : CGJ , ICAO : FLKE ) is an airport serving Chingola , a city in the Copperbelt Province in Zambia .
The Bidasoa ( Basque : ( bidasoa ) , Spanish : ( biðaˈsoa ) ; French : Bidassoa ) is a river in the Basque Country of northern Spain and southern France that runs largely south to north .
Montpellier Méditerranée Métropole is the intercommunal structure gathering the commune of Montpellier in France and some of its suburbs .
Hjørring County ( Danish : Hjørring Amt ) is a former province in Denmark , located on the northern tip of Jutland and encompassing most of the island of Vendsyssel - Thy and the island of Læsø .
The Württembergische Eisenbahn - Gesellschaft ( `` Württemberg Railway Company '' ) or WEG is a transport company in southwest Germany that operates railway lines and services .
The company was incorporated on November 10 , 1852 , as the Grand Trunk Railway Company of Canada to build a railway line between Montreal and Toronto .
Founded in 1946 , ABC - Zeitung was the first children 's magazine of East Germany , and at one time it had a circulation of 885,000 copies .
Tarapur Atomic Power Station ( T.A.P.S. ) is located in Tarapur , Maharashtra town of ( India ) .
Ain al - Fijah ( Arabic : عين الفيجة‎ , also spelled Ayn al - Fijeh and Ein Al Fejeh ) is a small town in southern Syria , administratively part of the Rif Dimashq Governorate , located 25 kilometers southwest of Damascus .
Lipni Dol ( pronounced ( ˈliːpni ˈdoːl ) or ( ˈliːpni ˈdoːu̯ ) ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Laško in eastern Slovenia .
The Napaaktoktok River is a waterway in the Kitikmeot region of Nunavut in Canada .
Joulaki ( Persian : جولكي‎‎ , also Romanized as Jūlakī and Jūlekī ) is a village in Sar Joulaki Rural District , Joulaki District , Aghajari County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
The Yeelirrie uranium project is a proposed uranium mining project , located approximately 70 km south west of Wiluna , in the Mid West region of Western Australia .
Berenzaki ( Persian : برنزكي‎ , also Romanized as Berenzakī ) is a village in Karian Rural District , in the Central District of Minab County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Tazeh Kand - e Qadim ( Persian : تازه كندقديم‎ , also Romanized as Tāzeh Kand - e Qadīm ; also known as Tāzeh Kand ) is a village in Tazeh Kand Rural District , Tazeh Kand District , Parsabad County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Hamburg Hauptbahnhof is operated by DB Station&Service AG . With an average of 480,000 passengers a day , the station is the busiest in Germany and after the Gare du Nord in Paris , the second busiest in Europe .
Aknalich ( Armenian : Ակնալիճ ; formerly , Aygherlich ) is a village in the Armavir Province of Armenia .
The Devin Hydro Power Plant is an active hydro power project in Devin , Bulgaria .
Chiang Mai Night Safari ( Thai : เชียงใหม่ไนท์ซาฟารี ) is a nocturnal zoo located in Chiang Mai , Thailand .
Wąwelno ( vɔ̃ˈvɛlnɔ ) ( German : Lindenwald ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sośno , within Sępólno County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Sobrelapeña is a small village in the far north of Spain in the province of Cantabria .
Sathodi Falls is a waterfall in India that is formed by several unnamed streams near Kallaramarane Ghat , Uttara Kannada District , near Sirsi , and 32 km from Yellapur .
Garnarich ( Armenian : Գառնառիճ , also Romanized as Garrnarrich ; formerly , Kuzeykend , Kuzikend , and Khozikend ) is a village and rural community ( municipality ) in the Shirak Province of Armenia .
Tarkhovka ( Russian : Та́рховка ) , is a railway station near Saint Petersburg , Russia .
Wairoa Aerodrome ( IATA : WIR , ICAO : NZWO ) is a small airport located in Wairoa , New Zealand .
Vitebsk Region , Vitsebsk Voblast , or Vitebsk Oblast ( Belarusian : Ві́цебская во́бласць , Viciebskaja Vobłasć , pronounced ( ˈvʲitsʲɛpskaja ˈvɔblastsʲ ) ; Russian : Ви́тебская о́бласть , tr . Vitebskaya Oblast ; IPA : ( ˈvʲitʲɪpskəjə ˈobləsʲtʲ ) ) is a region ( voblast ) of Belarus with its administrative center being Vitebsk ( Viciebsk ) .
Vrbovec ( Croatian pronunciation : ( ʋr̂boʋet͡s ) ) is a town in Zagreb County , Croatia , lying to the northeast of the capital Zagreb .
Siri Fort Auditorium is premier multi - auditorium complex of Government of India .
The Songwe River is a river that divides Malawi and Tanzania .
Gowdanapalya is one of the residential localities in Bangalore , India .
Babięty Małe ( baˈbjɛntɨ ˈmawɛ ) ( German : Klein Babenz ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Susz , within Iława County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The Huahum River or Río Huahum ( Spanish pronunciation : ( waˈum ) Pronounced : /wɑːuːm/ WAH - oom ) , as it is known locally , is a river in southern Chile and Argentina .
Torre Ladrones ( Thieves Tower ) is a tower on the Puerto de Cabopino beach in Marbella , Spain .
Koczergi ( kɔˈt͡ʂɛrɡi ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Parczew , within Parczew County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Baluku ( Persian : بلوكو‎ , also Romanized as Balūkū ) is a village in Mardehek Rural District , Jebalbarez - e Jonubi District , Anbarabad County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Vermandovillers German war cemetery contains remains of 22,632 soldiers who died in World War I. It is located in Somme Département , France and is cared for by the German War Graves Commission .
Seniški Breg ( pronounced ( sɛˈniːʃki ˈbɾeːk ) ) is a dispersed settlement in the hills above Avče in the Municipality of Kanal in the Littoral region of Slovenia .
Khujirt Airport ( IATA : HJT , ICAO : ZMHU ) is an airport in Mongolia .
Kuz Jalkot is an administrative unit , known as Union council of Kohistan District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan .
Stugudal Chapel ( Norwegian : Stugudal kapell ) is a chapel in the municipality of Tydal in Sør - Trøndelag county , Norway .
Gaasterlân - Sleat is a former municipality in the northern Netherlands .
The Lauingen Energy Park is a 27.7-megawatt ( MW ) photovoltaic power station , located in Bavarian Swabia , Germany .
Ahvaz International Airport ( IATA : AWZ , ICAO : OIAW ) is an airport serving the city of Ahvaz , Iran .
Vrčice ( pronounced ( ʋəɾˈtʃiːtsɛ ) ; in older sources also Brčice , German : Wertschitz or Wertschitsch ) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Semič in Slovenia .
Tarazak - e Kasan ( Persian : ترازك كسان‎ , also Romanized as Tarāzak - e Kasān ) is a village in Howmeh - ye Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Eslamabad - e Gharb County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Merkers Adventure Mines are a visitor attraction in Krayenberggemeinde in the Wartburgkreis district of Thuringia , Germany .
Sarduiyeh District ( Persian : بخش ساردوئیه‎ ) is a district ( bakhsh ) in Jiroft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Kihuyo is a settlement in Kenya 's Central Province , located seven kilometers from Nyeri .
The Reece Power Station is a conventional hydroelectric power station located in the West Coast region of Tasmania , Australia .
Kologriv ( Russian : Кологри́в ) is a town and the administrative center of Kologrivsky District in Kostroma Oblast , Russia , located on the left bank of the Unzha River 339 kilometers ( 211 mi ) northeast of Kostroma , the administrative center of the oblast .
Oedo is an island of Geoje city , Gyeongsangnam - do , South Korea .
Detour Gold 's proven gold reserves of 15.6 million ounces is comparable to that of Canada 's Osisko Mining , whose main property is also in the vicinity of the Abitibi gold belt .
Ancient Kellis , now known as Ismant el - Kharab ( Ismant the ruined ) , was a village in Upper Egypt during the Roman Period .
Tsingy de Namoroka Strict Nature Reserve , also known as Namoroka National Park , is a strict nature reserve located in the northwestern part of Madagascar in the Mahajanga Province , specifically , the Soalala District .
Umm Salal ( Arabic : أم صلال‎ ) is a municipality in the State of Qatar .
Pharmacia was a pharmaceutical and biotechnological company in Sweden that merged with the American pharmaceutical company Upjohn in 1995 .
The Central Cebu Protected Landscape , ( CCPL ) is a protected area located in the mountains and drainage basins of central Cebu in the Philippines .
Kunturwasa ( Quechua kuntur condor , wasa back , `` condor back '' , hispanicized spelling Condorhuasa ) is a mountain in the Andes of Peru , about 4,344 metres ( 14,252 ft ) high .
Ilandža ( Serbian Cyrillic : Иланџа ) is a village in Serbia .
Skrte ( Serbian : Скрте ) is a village in the municipality of Bugojno , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Ogljenšak ( pronounced ( ˈoːɡljɛnʃak ) ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Slovenska Bistrica in northeastern Slovenia .
Kobenni or Kobeni is a town and communein southern Mauritania as is the administrative headquarters of Kobenni Department .
Pięćmiechowo ( pjɛnt͡ɕmjɛˈxɔvɔ ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Malechowo , within Sławno County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
The Academy of Fine Arts Vienna ( German : Akademie der bildenden Künste Wien ) is a public art school of higher education in Vienna , Austria .
The Liganga mine is a large proposed iron mine located in central Tanzania in the Ludewa District of Iringa Region .
Inner Savonia is a subdivision of Northern Savonia and one of the Sub - regions of Finland since 2009 .
The Black and White Café was a cafe in St Pauls , Bristol in the United Kingdom , opened in 1971 .
Jawaharlal Nehru Port , also known as Nhava Sheva , is the largest container port in India .
Wólka Wojnowska ( ˈvulka vɔi̯ˈnɔfska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ćmielów , within Ostrowiec County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
The Burrowa News and Marengo , Binalong , Murrumburrah and Cootamundra Reporter ( also published as the Burrowa News ) was a weekly English language newspaper published in Boorowa , New South Wales , Australia .
The Ontario Deposit Return Program ( ODRP ) , also simply known as Bag it Back , is a regulation of the province of Ontario , Canada in 2007 .
North Kivu ( Nord - Kivu in French ) is a province bordering Lake Kivu in the eastern Democratic Republic of the Congo .
Qasr - e Jamal ( Persian : قصرجمال‎ , also Romanized as Qaşr - e Jamāl and Qasr - i - Jamāl ) is a village in Khobriz Rural District , in the Central District of Arsanjan County , Fars Province , Iran .
Qareh Jalu ( Persian : قره جلو‎ , also Romanized as Qareh Jalū ; also known as Qarājalū ) is a village in Nazlu - e Shomali Rural District , Nazlu District , Urmia County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Royal Palaces of Abomey are 12 palaces spread over a 40 hectares ( 99 acres ) area at the heart of the Abomey town in Benin , formerly the capital of the West African Kingdom of Dahomey .
Long Biên Railway Station is a railway station in Hanoi , Vietnam on the Long Biên Bridge .
Cacilhas is a former civil parish in the municipality of Almada , Lisbon Metropolitan Area , Portugal .
Monti Reatini is a mountain range in the central Apennines , Italy .
The Restaurant Talvo is a traditional gourmet restaurant in a historic building at the Via Gunels in the village of Champfèr in the Engadin in Switzerland .
The Central Council of Afghan Trade Unions ( CCATU ) was a labour council established by the People 's Democratic Party of Afghanistan in 1978 to organize the Afghan labour movement .
Mera Peak is a mountain in the Mahalangur section , Barun sub - section of the Himalaya and administratively in Nepal 's Sagarmatha Zone , Solukhumbu District .
Hosseinabad Bazi ( Persian : حسین‌آباد بزی ‎ ) is a village in Ladiz Rural District , in the Nosratabad of Zahedan County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Galinakopf is a mountain in on the border of Austria and Liechtenstein in the Rätikon range of the Eastern Alps , with a height of 2,198 metres ( 7,211 ft ) .
The Bedok Police Division ( or ' G ' Division , Chinese : 勿洛警区 ) is a police division of the Singapore Police Force .
Kahale ( Arabic الكحالة ) is a mountain village in the district of Aley ( Caza Aley ) , Lebanon , 13 km from Beirut .
The Deutscher Koordinierungsrat der Gesellschaften für Christlich - Jüdische Zusammenarbeit ( DKR - German Coordinating - Council for Christian - Jewish cooperation organisations ) is an umbrella organisation for 81 local and regional organisations in Germany working for Christian - Jewish collaboration .
The Church of St. Chrysogonus ( Croatian : Crkva sv . Krševana ) is a Roman Catholic church located in Zadar , Croatia , named after Saint Chrysogonus , the patron saint of the city .
Chaves Airport ( IATA : CHV , ICAO : LPCH ) is an airport serving Chaves in northern Portugal .
PTV Sports have rights of all matches of Pakistan cricket up to 2016 and all matches of Pakistan Super League up to 2018 .
Ak - Dovurak ( Russian : Ак-Довурак ) is a town in the Tuva Republic , Russia , located on the Khemchik River ( left tributary of the Yenisei ) , 301 kilometers ( 187 mi ) west of Kyzyl .
The Kech River flows in the Makran region , of southeastern Iran and the southwestern area of Balochistan Province in southwestern Pakistan .
Gorodczyno ( ɡɔrɔˈt͡ʂːɨnɔ ) ( Ukrainian : Городчино , Horodchyno ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Narew , within Hajnówka County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Brestovik ( Serbian Cyrillic : Брестовик ) is a suburban settlement of Belgrade , the capital of Serbia .
Adum Banso is a village in the southwest of Ghana not far from the coast .
Grande Riviere is one of the more remote settlement in Trinidad and Tobago .
Lockhart Creek Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia , Canada , located adjacent to Lockhart Beach Provincial Park , 40 km north of Creston , British Columbia on the east shore of Kootenay Lake .
Almetyevsk ( Russian : Альме́тьевск ; Tatar : Cyrillic Әлмәт , Latin Älmät ) is a city in the Republic of Tatarstan , Russia , located on the left bank of the Zay River ( Kama 's tributary ) 265 kilometers ( 165 mi ) southeast of Kazan .
Adorjan ( Serbian Cyrillic : Адорјан , Hungarian : Adorján ) is a village in Serbia .
Hattfjelldal Airport ( Norwegian : Hattfjelldal flyplass ) is a general aviation airport located in Hattfjelldal , Norway .
Panovci ( pronounced ( ˈpaːnɔu̯tsi ) ; Hungarian : Úriszék ) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Gornji Petrovci in the Prekmurje region of Slovenia .
Upper Hungary is the usual English translation of Felvidék ( lit . : `` Upland '' ) , the Hungarian term for the area that was historically the northern part of the Kingdom of Hungary , now mostly present - day Slovakia .
The Vionène is a small river that flows through the Alpes - Maritimes department of southeastern France .
Metoubes is town in the northern Kafr el - Sheikh Governorate of Egypt .
Lunano is a small town and comune in the province of Pesaro e Urbino in the Marche region of central Italy .
The Giardino Botanico Alpino San Marco ( 1 hectare ) is an alpine nature preserve and botanical garden located at 1040 meters altitude , at Km 44 of SP 46 , Pian delle Fugazze , Malga Prà , Valli del Pasubio , Province of Vicenza , Veneto , Italy .
Kabir Kuh ( In Persian : کبیرکوه In Kurdish : کڤەر -Kiver ) is one of the long ranges of the Zagros Mountains near the border of Lurestan and Ilam Provinces in Ilam province , Iran .
Żerzuszyce ( ʐɛʐuˈʂɨt͡sɛ ) ( German : Grunau ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sobótka , within Wrocław County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Pomos ( Greek : Πωμός ) is a village in the Paphos District of Cyprus , located 17 km northeast of Polis Chrysochous .
Hineman ( Persian : هينمان‎ , also Romanized as Hīnemān and Hinamān ; also known as Ḩīnehmān ) is a village in Derakhtengan Rural District , in the Central District of Kerman County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Route nationale 10 , or RN 10 , is a trunk ( route nationale ) in France between Paris and the border with Spain via Bordeaux .
In 1986 DQS became the first certification body in Germany to issue a certificate according to ISO 9001 .
Ziaran ( Persian : زياران‎‎ , also Romanized as Zīārān and Zīyārān ) is a village in Ziaran Rural District , in the Central District of Abyek County , Qazvin Province , Iran .
Ježeprosina ( Cyrillic : Јежепросина ) is a village in the municipality of Konjic , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Kliczkowy ( klit͡ʂˈkɔvɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Karsin , within Kościerzyna County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Dolgo Brdo pri Mlinšah ( pronounced ( ˈdoːu̯ɡɔ ˈbəɾdɔ pɾi ˈmliːnʃax ) ) is a settlement west of Izlake in the Municipality of Zagorje ob Savi in central Slovenia .
Ragsha ( Persian : رگشا‎ , also Romanized as Ragshā ; also known as Rakshā , Rekshā , Rokshā , and Rūkshah ) is a village in Sarbuk Rural District , Sarbuk District , Qasr - e Qand County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Caminhos da Colônia , Portuguese for `` Pathways of the Colony '' , is a scenic tourist route of four settlements in the Serra Gaúcha in the state of Rio Grande do Sul in southern Brazil .
Jabot Airport , also known as Jabat Airport , is a public use airport on Jabot Island , Marshall Islands .
Tecozautla ( Otomi : Masofo ) is a town and one of the 84 municipalities of Hidalgo , in central - eastern Mexico .
Skulte Port ( Latvian : Skultes osta ) is the port authority of Zvejniekciems , Latvia .
Blåtårn ( in English : Blue Tower ) was a tower in Copenhagen Castle , the Danish royal family 's palace in Copenhagen , Denmark .
Alcazarén is a town and municipality in the Province of Valladolid , part of the autonomous community of Castile - Leon , Spain .
Kempen Airport or Budel Airport ( Dutch : Vliegveld Kempen ) , also just called Budel after the nearby town , is a general aviation airport in the south - east of the Netherlands located 5 NM ( 9.3 km ; 5.8 mi ) west of Weert and near the border with Belgium .
Kozinki ( kɔˈʑinki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zakrzew , within Radom County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Shankaragaurishvara Temple is dedicated to the Hindu god Shiva and located in Patan , near Baramulla , India .
High Valley 's album Broken Borders was named Album of the Year at the 2007 GMA Canada Covenant Awards , while the song `` Back to You '' was awarded Country Song of the Year .
Kafr Naya ( Arabic : كفرنايا‎ ) is a town in northern Syria , administratively part of the A'zaz District of Aleppo Governorate , located north of Aleppo .
Naryan - Mar Airport ( Russian : Аэропорт Нарьян-Мар ) ( IATA : NNM , ICAO : ULAM ) is an airport in Russia located 3 km east of Naryan - Mar . It is a mixed civilian - military field , and is the only major facility airfield on the Barents Sea coast between Arkhangelsk and Novaya Zemlya .
Kowale Oleckie ( kɔˈvalɛ ɔˈlɛt͡skʲɛ ) ( German : Kowahlen , from 1938 - 45 Reimannswalde ) is a village in Olecko County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Kongsfjorden Bird Sanctuary ( Norwegian : Kongsfjorden fuglereservat ) is a 140 ha bird reserve at Svalbard , Norway , established in 1973 .
Homag - e Pain ( Persian : هماگ پائين‎ , also Romanized as Homāg - e Pā’īn ; also known as Homāk - e Pā’īn , Homā - ye Pā’īn , and Homay Sofla ) is a village in Siyahu Rural District , Fin District , Bandar Abbas County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Commonwealth Jazz Club is a 1965 music television miniseries which was co - produced in Australia , Canada and the United Kingdom .
Bavaridan ( Persian : باوريدن‎ , also Romanized as Bāvarīdān and Bāwaridan ) is a village in Jahliyan Rural District , in the Central District of Konarak County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Christchurch Adventist School ( CAS ) is a co - educational , K-13 secondary school ( years 1 - -13 ) in Papanui suburb of Christchurch , New Zealand .
Bandaranaike International Airport ( also known as Colombo International Airport and Katunayake International Airport ) ( IATA : CMB , ICAO : VCBI ) is the main international airport serving Sri Lanka , and a hub for SriLankan Airlines .
Granite - steppe lands of Buh is a regional landscape park in the north - west of Mykolaiv Oblast in Ukraine .
Bøyabreen is a glacier in the Fjærland area in Sogndal Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county , Norway .
Gowd - e Lir ( Persian : گودلير‎ , also Romanized as Gowd - e Līr ) is a village in Mahur Rural District , Mahvarmilani District , Mamasani County , Fars Province , Iran .
Hatun Pukaqucha ( Quechua hatun ( in Bolivia always jatun ) big / superior / principal , puka red , qucha lake , `` big red lake '' , hispanicized spelling Jatun Pucacocha ) is a lake in Peru located in the Cusco Region , Quispicanchi Province , Ocongate District .
Chak Sar ( Persian : چاكسر‎ , also Romanized as Chāk Sar ) is a village in Sharq va Gharb - e Shirgah Rural District , Shirgah District , Savadkuh County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Zhylyoi District ( Kazakh : Жылыой ауданы , Jılıoy awdanı ) is a district located in the southeastern region of Atyrau Region in Kazakhstan .
Mal i Jushit ( also : Jugë ) is a settlement in the former Bushat municipality , Shkodër County , northern Albania .
Bartomb ( Persian : برتمب‎ ; also known as Bartūn ) is a village in Qaleh Qazi Rural District , Qaleh Qazi District , Bandar Abbas County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
The Omaka Aviation Heritage Centre is an aviation museum located at the Omaka Air Field , 5 km ( 3 mi ) from the centre of Blenheim , New Zealand .
Danish International Development Agency ( DANIDA ) , is the brand which the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Denmark , uses when it provides humanitarian aid and development assistance to other countries , with focus on developing countries .
Nevis Peak is a potentially active volcano which is located in the centre of the island of Nevis of the Federation of Saint Kitts and Nevis in the West Indies .
Idd is a parish and former municipality in Halden , Østfold county , Norway .
Zielonagóra ( ʑelɔnaˈɡura ) ( Polish for Green Mountain ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Obrzycko , within Szamotuły County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Kyzylly ( also , Kizilly ) is a village in the Davachi Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Île Illiec is a small island located off the coast of Port - Blanc , Brittany , France .
The Wadi Lebda Dam is an embankment dam located on Wadi Lebda , 5 km ( 3 mi ) south of Khoms in the Murqub District , Libya .
Birovača ( Serbian Cyrillic : Бировача ) is a village in Croatia .
Gamgadhi is the headquarters of Mugu District in the Karnali Zone of northern Nepal .
Huma County ( simplified Chinese : 呼玛县 ; traditional Chinese : 呼瑪縣 ; pinyin : Hūmǎ xiàn ; Manchu : Hūmar Siyan ; Russian : Кумары ) is a county in the far north of the Heilongjiang province , People 's Republic of China .
Kulab railway station ( Urdu : کولاب ریلوے اسٹیشن ‎ ) is located in Kulab village , Bahawalpur district of Punjab province of the Pakistan .
Bayramushagy ( also , Bayram - Ushagi ) is a village in the Lachin Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Real Rincon is a football club from the town of Rincon on Bonaire in the Caribbean Netherlands .
Sukhipur is a municipality in Siraha District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south - eastern Nepal .
Baghdad Governorate ( Arabic : محافظة بغداد‎ Muḥāfaẓät Baġdād ) , also known as the Baghdad Province , is the capital governorate of Iraq .
Lagolzar ( Persian : لاگلزار‎ , also Romanized as Lāgolzār ) is a village in Pian Rural District , in the Central District of Izeh County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Cerkljanski Vrh ( pronounced ( tsɛɾˈkljaːnski ˈʋəɾx ) ) is a dispersed settlement in the hills south of Cerkno in the traditional Littoral region of Slovenia .
Mount Moorosi ( or Morosi 's Mountain ) is a mountain in the Drakensberg mountain range on the banks of the Orange River in southern Basutoland ( modern Lesotho ) .
Azeem Pura is a residential area of Shah Faisal Town , in the Sindh province of Pakistan .
Gruszów Wielki ( ˈɡruʂuf ˈvjɛlki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dąbrowa Tarnowska , within Dąbrowa County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Taupo Intermediate School is a medium - sized school ( year 7 and year 8) located in Taupo , New Zealand .
Scladina , or Sclayn Cave , is an archaeological cave site in Andenne , Belgium .
Krawusin ( kraˈvuɕin ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Skarszewy , within Starogard County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Somin ( ˈsɔmin ) ( German : Sommin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowogródek Pomorski , within Myślibórz County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Kuhsorkh District ( Persian : بخش کوهسرخ‎ ) is a district ( bakhsh ) in Kashmar County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Elizabeth Mrazik - Cleaver Canadian Picture Book Award was established in 1985 following the death of Elizabeth Mrazik - Cleaver , one of Canada 's pre - eminent book illustrators .
British journalist Alistair Cooke described Franklin Delano Roosevelt 's presidency of the United States of America in the two years from his inauguration to the Supreme Court 's declaration that the National Recovery Administration was unconstitutional , as a benevolent dictatorship .
The Multan Heavy Water Production Facility is a small heavy water production plant , located in Multan , Punjab , Pakistan , with an original annual capacity of 13 metric tons .
Ucisków ( uˈt͡ɕiskuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Korczyn , within Busko County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Kadirur is a census town within the Thalassery Taluk of Kannur District in the State of Kerala , India .
Ucarlı ( also , Udzharly ) is a village and municipality in the Kurdamir Rayon of Azerbaijan .
As per constitution of India and Panchyati Raaj Act , Khadaura village is administrated by Sarpanch ( Head of Village ) who is elected representative of village .
Potamos tou Kampou ( Greek : Πoταμός του Κάμπου ; Turkish : Yedidalga ) is a small village in Cyprus , west of Karavostasi .
The Georges River National Park is a protected national park that is located in south -- western Sydney , in eastern Australia .
Saint - Martin - Terressus ( Occitan : Sent Martin Tarrassos ) is a commune in the Haute - Vienne department in the Limousin region in west - central France .
Bilecik is the provincial capital of Turkey 's Bilecik Province .
The University of Tasmania ( UTAS ) is a public research university primarily located in Tasmania , Australia .
Vogelpark Avifauna ( English : Avifauna Bird Park ) is a large bird park in Alphen aan den Rijn , in the western Netherlands .
Nad Tatrou sa blýska ( Slovak pronunciation : ( ˈnat tatrow sa ˈbliːska ) ; English : Lightning over the Tatras ) is the national anthem of Slovakia .
Société Calédonienne de Transports Aériens , operating as Air Calédonie , is a French airline and is the domestic airline for New Caledonia , headquartered on the grounds of Magenta Airport in Nouméa .
Mutorashanga is a small ferrochrome mining town in Mashonaland West province in Zimbabwe .
Drwinia ( ˈdrviɲa ) is a village in Bochnia County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Draslajca ( Macedonian : Драслајца ) is a village in the south - western region of the Republic of Macedonia .
Ano Diakopto ( Greek : Άνω Διακοπτό , before 1940 : Πέρα Μαχαλάς - Pera Machalas ) is a village and a community in the municipal unit of Diakopto , Achaea , Greece .
The Wooloongabba Branch railway line was a branch line off the South Coast railway line in the inner southern suburbs of Brisbane , Australia .
Serenissima Solar Park is a 48 MW photovoltaic ( PV ) plant in Northeast Italy .
Sinai and Gulf Corner Centre ( Persian : کوي سينا و خليج مر کز ي‎ -- Kūy Sīnā va Khelīj Markazī ) is a planned community / village in Sulqan Rural District , Kan District , Tehran County , Tehran Province , Iran .
Annappes is a village and former commune of the Nord Department of France , on the Mark River .
Sivice is a village and municipality ( obec ) in Brno - Country District in the South Moravian Region of the Czech Republic .
Cheraghabad Rural District ( Persian : دهستان چراغ آباد‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Tukahur District of Minab County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Cape Wom is a cape ( or small peninsula ) near Wewak , Papua New Guinea , pointing into the Dogreto Bay of the Bismarck Sea .
Erasmus University Rotterdam ( abbreviated as EUR , Dutch : Erasmus Universiteit Rotterdam ) is a public university located in Rotterdam , Netherlands , the city that also houses the largest port in Europe .
Lipsenj ( pronounced ( liˈpseːn ) ) is a small village between Žerovnica and Gorenje Jezero on the eastern edge of Lake Cerknica in the Municipality of Cerknica in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia .
Jalan Kuala Selangor - Bestari Jaya or Jalan Rawang on Kuala Selangor side ( Selangor state route ) is a major road in Selangor , Malaysia .
Tamchakett Airport ( IATA : THT , ICAO : GQNT ) is an airport serving Tamchakett in Mauritania .
Vial Island , also known as Wei Island and Jacquinot Island , is an island of Papua New Guinea .
Rognosa d'Etiache ( in Italian ) or Rognosa d'Étache ( in French ) is a mountain in the Cottian Alps on the border of Turin , Italy , and Savoie , France .
Heeswijk - Dinther ( population : 7.906 ) is a former old town and municipality in the southern Netherlands , in the province of North Brabant being named after the former municipalities Heeswijk and Dinther .
Ma Wan Viaduct is a viaduct built over Ma Wan , an island in the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People 's Republic of China .
Kato Melpeia ( Greek : Κάτω Μέλπεια ) is a village and a community located in the municipal unit of Andania in Messenia , Greece .
Laguna Brava ( Spanish for wild or rough lake , Spanish pronunciation : ( laˈɣuna ˈβɾaβa ) ) , also known as Yolnabaj is a karstic lake in Guatemala .
Akia Island ( Danish : Langø ) is an uninhabited island in the Qaasuitsup municipality in northwestern Greenland .
El Putget i Farró ( or el Putxet i el Farró ) is a neighbourhood in the Sarrià - Sant Gervasi district of Barcelona , Catalonia ( Spain ) , located on a hill between Vallcarca and Sant Gervasi , urbanised after the 1870s .
Settat ( Arabic : سطات‎ ) is a city in Morocco between the national capital Rabat and Marrakech .
Weloy ( Yapese : Weeloey ) is a village and municipality in the state of Yap , Federated States of Micronesia .
Ab Maru ( Persian : آب مارو‎ , also Romanized as Āb Mārū ) is a village in Bakesh - e Yek Rural District , in the Central District of Mamasani County , Fars Province , Iran .
Rogowo - Majątek ( rɔˈɡɔvɔ maˈjɔntɛk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Choroszcz , within Białystok County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Berbérati is the third - largest city in the Central African Republic , with a population of 76,918 ( 2003 census ) .
The Oslofjord Tunnel ( Norwegian : Oslofjordtunnelen ) is a subsea road tunnel which traverses the Oslofjord , connecting Hurum and Frogn in Norway .
Bertrange ( Luxembourgish : Bartreng , German : Bartringen ) is a commune and town in south - western Luxembourg .
Eastern Federal Credit Union Insurance Building is a tall Building located in Dhaka , Bangladesh .
Luco de Bordón is a town in the municipality of Castellote in Spain 's Teruel province .
Gerehu is a large residential suburb to the north of Port Moresby , the capital city of Papua New Guinea .
Kabgayi is just south of Gitarama in Muhanga District , Southern Province , Rwanda , 25 miles ( 40 km ) southwest of Kigali .
Karmelita ( karmɛˈlita ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kcynia , within Nakło County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Coimbatore Central Prison is a prison located near Gandhipuram bus stand in Coimbatore , India .
Ketmen'tebe ( Kyrgyz : Кетмен-Төбө - Ketmen - Töbö ) is an urban - type settlement in Jalal - Abad Region of Kyrgyzstan .
The Serranía de San Lucas is a forested massif in the Bolívar Department of northern Colombia that reaches heights of 2,600 m above sea level .
The Karnin Lift Bridge ( German : Hubbrücke Karnin ) is a railway bridge over the Peenestrom estuary in North Germany that was opened in 1933 and destroyed in 1945 .
Surselva District ( Romansh : District da la Surselva ) is an administrative district in the canton of the Grisons , Switzerland .
Thayngen ( German pronunciation : ( ˈtaːɪŋən ) ) is a village and a municipality in the canton of Schaffhausen in Switzerland .
The Franklin Large Igneous Province is a Neoproterozoic large igneous province in the Canadian Arctic of Northern Canada .
The ruined Kudryntsi Castle ( Ukrainian : Кудринецький замок , Kudrynets'kyi zamok , Polish : Zamek w Kudryńcach ) is perched on a hilltop overlooking the Zbruch River in Borschiv Raion , Ternopil Oblast , Ukraine , 25 km west of a larger fortress in Kamianets - Podilskyi .
Fort Portal Regional Referral Hospital , commonly known as Fort Portal Hospital , sometimes referred to as Buhinga Hospital , is a hospital in the town of Fort Portal , in Kabarole District , Western Uganda .
Polizzi Generosa ( Sicilian : Pulizzi ) is a town and comune ( population 4,530 ) in the Province of Palermo on the island of Sicily , southern Italy .
Khapchagay ( Russian : Хапчагай ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) , the only inhabited locality , and the administrative center of Doydunsky Rural Okrug of Megino - Kangalassky District in the Sakha Republic , Russia , located 108 kilometers ( 67 mi ) from Mayya , the administrative center of the district .
Libelj ( German : Libelberg ) is a small settlement in the hills west of Leskovec pri Krškem in the Municipality of Krško in eastern Slovenia .
Taman Impian Jaya Ancol otherwise known as Ancol Dreamland is an integral part of Ancol Bay City , a resort destination located along Jakarta 's waterfront , in Ancol Kelurahan , Pademangan , Indonesia .
Slagelse is a small town in Denmark located in west Zealand .
The Hoya of Guadix ( Spanish : Hoya de Guadix ) is a natural plain in the northern part of the province of Granada , Andalusia , Spain .
The Castlereagh Cup is a rugby league competition in western New South Wales , Australia , run under the auspices of the Country Rugby League .
Turramurra High School is a large public comprehensive co - educational high school of approximately 1230 students , operated by the New South Wales Department of Education and Communities ( DEC ) , located in South Turramurra , a residential area on the North Shore of Sydney , New South Wales , Australia .
Brätte , originally known as Vassända , was a settlement on Vänern 's southernmost bay , now Lake Vassbotten ; it was a predecessor of today 's Vänersborg , Sweden .
Yeongju is a city in the far north region of North Gyeongsang province in South Korea , covering 668.84 km2 with a population of 113,930 people according to the 2008 census .
Jondalen is a valley in Kongsberg municipality , Norway , outside the city of Kongsberg .
Wola Mieczysławska ( ˈvɔla mjɛt͡ʂɨˈswafska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubartów , within Lubartów County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Kumiałka ( kuˈmjau̯ka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janów , within Sokółka County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Hir District ( Persian : بخش هیر‎ ) is a district ( bakhsh ) in Ardabil County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Chaoyang University of Technology ( CYUT ; Chinese : 朝陽科技大學 ) is a university in Wufeng District , Taichung , Taiwan .
Fiľakovo ( Hungarian : Fülek , German : Fülleck , Turkish : Filek ) is a town in the Banská Bystrica Region of south - central Slovakia .
Mangol - e Jonubi ( Persian : منگل جنوبي‎ , also Romanized as Mangol - e Jonūbī ; also known as Mangol ) is a village in Chelav Rural District , in the Central District of Amol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Budinarci ( Macedonian : Будинарци ) is a village in the Republic of Macedonia .
Hamina Fortress is located in Finland on the coast of the Gulf of Finland and it is an integral part of the Hamina city centre .
Stadion Stali Mielec at Solskiego 1 is a multi - use stadium in Mielec , Poland .
Jowhar District ( Somali : Degmada Jowhar ) is a district of the southeastern Shabeellaha Dhexe in Somalia .
Ndola is the third largest city in Zambia , with a population of 455,194 ( 2010 census provisional ) .
Kovddoskaisi ( Northern Sami : Govddosgáisi ) is the fourth highest mountain in Finland with a summit at 1242 m ( prominence 440 m ) .
Buky Canyon is a canyon near the Buky village , on the Hirs'kyi Tikych river in the Cherkasy Oblast ( province ) of Ukraine .
Dobrova pri Dravogradu ( pronounced ( ˈdoːbɾɔva pɾi ˈdɾaːvɔɡɾadu ) ) is a village south of Dravograd in the Carinthia region in northern Slovenia .
Metesh ( Persian : متش‎ ) is a village in Kharajgil Rural District , Asalem District , Talesh County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Acalan ( Chontal Maya : Tamactun , Nahuatl : Acallan ) was a Chontal Maya region in what is now southern Campeche , Mexico .
Waiowa ( also called Goropu ) is an isolated trachyandesitic volcano on New Guinea island , Papua New Guinea .
The Faculty of Philology and Pedagogics of Kazimierz Pułaski University of Technology and Humanities in Radom is one of eight divisions of Kazimierz Pułaski University of Technology and Humanities in Radom , Poland .
Lago Norte is an administrative region in the Federal District , Brazil .
Wewak is the capital of the East Sepik province of Papua New Guinea .
Kanjvaran - e Sofla ( Persian : كنجوران سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Kanjvarān - e Soflá ; also known as Ganjūrān , Ganjvarān , Ganjvarān - e Soflá , and Kanjūrān ) is a village in Miyan Rud Rural District , Qolqol Rud District , Tuyserkan County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
Gatineau Park ( French : Parc de la Gatineau ) is located in the Outaouais region of Quebec , Canada .
The Artus Court , formerly also Junkerhof , ( Polish : Dwór Artusa , German : Artushof ) is a building in the centre of Gdańsk , Poland ( German : Danzig ) , at Długi Targ 44 , which used to be the meeting place of merchants and a centre of social life .
Mowbray House School was an independent , day and boarding school for boys , located in Chatswood , on the North Shore of Sydney , New South Wales , Australia .
The Railway Institute ( Polish : Instytut Kolejnictwa ) is a research institute located in Warsaw , Poland .
The Rideau Club is a noted social club in Ottawa , Canada .
Osmače ( Serbian : Осмаче ) is a village in the municipality of Srebrenica , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Manafaru is one of the islands of Haa Alif Atoll , Republic of Maldives .
It is singular that no subsequent trace is found of Scidrus ; its name is never again mentioned in history , nor alluded to by the geographers , with the exception of Stephanus of Byzantium ( s. v. ) , who calls it merely a city of Italy .
Nansen Sound is an uninhabited strait in Qikiqtaaluk , Nunavut , Canada .
Conguillío National Park is located in the Andes , in the provinces of Cautín and Malleco , in the Araucanía Region of Chile also known as Region IX . Its name derives from the Mapuche word for `` water with Araucaria seeds '' .
The European Summer School at Telecom SudParis offers students having completed at least two years of undergraduate studies an opportunity to study different aspects of either management , information technology or inter - cultural awareness in France .
Haftsaran ( Persian : هفت ساران‎ , also Romanized as Haftsārān ; also known as Haftsār ) is a village in Beradust Rural District , Sumay - ye Beradust District , Urmia County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Witowy ( viˈtɔvɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Inowrocław , within Inowrocław County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Mərdəkan ( Mardakan ) is a settlement and municipality in Khazar raion of Baku , Azerbaijan with a population of 15,603 .
Laligam is a Panchayat union in the Dharmapuri district , Tamil Nadu , India .
Zapadny Kildin ( Russian : Западный Кильдин ) is the rural locality ( a Posyolok ) in Kolsky District of Murmansk Oblast , Russia .
Murd - e Susani ( Persian : موردسوسني‎ , also Romanized as Mūrd - e Sūsanī ; also known as Mowrsūsanī ) is a village in Qarah Chaman Rural District , Arzhan District , Shiraz County , Fars Province , Iran .
The Markham Waxers were an Ontario Junior Hockey League ( OJHL ) Junior `` A '' ice hockey team based in Markham , Ontario , Canada .
Tol - e Pir ( Persian : تل پير‎ , also Romanized as Tol - e Pīr ) is a village in Rostam - e Yek Rural District , in the Central District of Rostam County , Fars Province , Iran .
Bjärtrå is a parish of the province of Ångermanland in Sweden .
Hjorthagens IP is a sports ground in Stockholm , Sweden .
Bañuela or La Bañuela , also known as La Mójina , is the highest peak of the Sierra Morena , Spain .
The Edava Palakkavu Bhagavathi temple ( ഇടവാ പാലക്കാവ് ഭഗവതി ക്ഷേത്രം ) is one of the ancient temples in south India .
Ocean Reef Senior High School is a co - educational state high school located in Ocean Reef , 27 kilometres ( 17 mi ) north of Perth , Western Australia .
Kolossi ( Greek : Κολόσσι ( locally ( koˈlosːi ) ) ; Turkish : Yunus or Goloş ) is a village on the outskirts of Limassol , Cyprus .
Falcon Island is one of the islands in the Great Palm Island group , off the eastern coast of Queensland , Australia .
Sharya ( Russian : Шарья́ ) is a town in Kostroma Oblast , Russia , located on the left bank of the Vetluga River 330 kilometers ( 210 mi ) northeast of Kostroma , the administrative center of the oblast .
Voni ( Greek : Βώνη , Turkish : Gökhan ) is a village in the Nicosia District of Cyprus , located just southweast of Kythrea .
São Carlos ( Saint Charles , in English , Portuguese pronunciation : ( sɐ̃w̃ ˈkaʁlus ) ; named after Saint Charles Borromeo ) is a city of 221,950 inhabitants ( IBGE/2010 ) in the state of São Paulo , Brazil .
Mahi Lan ( Persian : ماهي لان‎‎ , also Romanized as Māhī Lān ) is a village in Mamulan Rural District , Mamulan District , Pol - e Dokhtar County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Don - Aryk ( or Den - Aryk ) is a village in the Chuy District of Chuy Province of Kyrgyzstan .
Nusrathul Islam Madrasa is a Madrasa ( an Islamic religious school ) situated in Pullancheri , Manjeri , Kerala , India .
Hruševlje ( pronounced ( ˈxɾuːʃɛu̯ljɛ ) ) is a village in the Municipality of Brda in the Littoral region of Slovenia , right on the border with Italy .
Mazowe District is the southernmost of seven districts of the Province Mashonaland Central in Zimbabwe .
Edificio do Jornal A Noite is a highrise office building in the Centro neighbourhood of Rio de Janeiro , Brazil .
Rubtsovsk ( Russian : Рубцо́вск ) is a city in Altai Krai , Russia , located on the Aley River ( Ob 's tributary ) 281 kilometers ( 175 mi ) southwest of Barnaul .
The people of Tsepelovo used to emigrate within Greece to Macedonia , Thrace and to areas of southern Greece .
Fusina hydrogen power station is a hydrogen - fueled power station located in Fusina , near Venice in the Veneto region of Italy .
Hoseynabad - e Sargar ( Persian : حسين ابادسرگر‎ , also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād - e Sargar ) is a village in Ahmadabad Rural District , in the Central District of Firuzabad County , Fars Province , Iran .
Murd - e Seyyed Gambuli ( Persian : موردسيدگمبولي‎ , also Romanized as Mūrd - e Seyyed Gambūlī ; also known as Mūrd - e Seyyed ) is a village in Tayebi - ye Sarhadi - ye Sharqi Rural District , Charusa District , Kohgiluyeh County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Shahni Kotli ( Urdu : شہانی کوٹلی‎ ) is a village in the district of Gujrat , Pakistan .
Falerna ( Greek : Phalerne ) is a town and comune in the province of Catanzaro , in the Calabria region of southern Italy .
Blarney Castle ( Irish : Caisleán na Blarnan ) is a medieval stronghold in Blarney , near Cork , Ireland , and the River Martin .
Albany Post Office is a heritage site of the former post office in Albany , Western Australia .
San Miguel del Bala is a little village in Bolivia .
Capoliveri is a comune ( municipality ) on the island of Elba in Italy .
The Furggen ( 3,492 m ) is a mountain of the Pennine Alps , located on the border between Italy ( Aosta Valley ) and Switzerland ( Valais ) .
Urtlu ( Persian : اورتلو‎ , also Romanized as Ūrtlū ; also known as Salmānābād , Qāsemābād , and Qāsem `` Alī ) is a village in Savalan Rural District , in the Central District of Parsabad County , Ardabil Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 233 , in 36 families .
Mount Hudson ( locally known as Volcán Hudson ) is a stratovolcano in southern Chile , and the site of one of the largest eruptions in the twentieth century .
Pulau Ubin , also called Ubin Island , is a small island ( 10.19 km2 ) situated in the north east of Singapore , to the west of Pulau Tekong .
Arzal ( Arzhal in Breton ) is a commune in the Morbihan department in the Brittany region in northwestern France .
SS Tararua was a passenger steamer that struck the reef off Waipapa Point in the Catlins on 29 April 1881 , and sank the next day , in the worst civilian shipping disaster in New Zealand 's history .
Quatsino is a small hamlet of 91 people located on Quatsino Sound in Northern Vancouver Island , Canada only accessible by boat or float plane .
Kolonia Rzejowice ( kɔˈlɔɲa ʐɛjɔˈvit͡sɛ ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Kodrąb , within Radomsko County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Maja e Veleçikut is a peak in Albania , part of the Prokletije .
Nova Crvenka ( Serbian Cyrillic : Нова Црвенка ) is a village in Serbia .
Parco Lago Alloca is a community located in Campania , a region of Italy .
Colonia Santa María la Ribera is a colonia located in the Cuauhtémoc borough of Mexico City , just west of the historic center .
Pullen Island Conservation Park is a protected area includes all of Pullen Island about 0.5 kilometres ( 0.31 mi ) south of Port Elliot in South Australia and about 94 kilometres ( 58 mi ) south of Adelaide .
The Little Belt Bridge ( Gamle Lillebæltsbro ) , also known as The Old Little Belt Bridge , is a truss bridge over the Little Belt strait in Denmark .
The Industry and Railway Park Fond - de - Gras is a museum in south west Luxembourg near to the towns of Pétange and Rodange .
Qaraçaylı ( also , Karachayly ) is a village in the Davachi Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Mâcon ( French pronunciation : ​(ma.kɔ̃ ) ) , historically anglicized as Mascon , is a small city in east - central France .
Haus der Geschichte ( officially Haus der Geschichte der Bundesrepublik Deutschland , i. e. `` House of the History of the Federal Republic of Germany '' ) is a museum of contemporary history in Bonn , Germany .
Baumholder Army Airfield is a small military airfield in support of the United States Army facilities in Baumholder , Germany .
Dunross Preparatory School is a private primary school located in Westmoorings , Trinidad and Tobago .
The Fort de Seclin , also known as Fort Duhoux , is located near the commune of Seclin , France , about 9.5 kilometres ( 5.9 mi ) south of Lille .
Tazeh Kand - e Khan Kandi ( Persian : تازه كندخانكندي‎ , also Romanized as Tāzeh Kand - e Khān Kandī ) is a village in Gavdul - e Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Malekan County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Sierra San Antonio are a continuation of the Patagonia Mountains southwards into Mexico , a mountain range of about 10 miles that tapers down to lower elevations .
Taitung Station ( Chinese : 台東車站 ; pinyin : Táidōng Chēzhàn ) is a railway station of Taiwan Railway Administration ( TRA ) .
Kabi Nazrul Government College ( also referred to as KNGC ) ( Bengali : কবি নজরুল সরকারী কলেজ ) , formerly known as Govt . Kabi Nazrul College is one of the most renowned and oldest educational institutions of Bangladesh .
Dakhrajin ( Persian : داخرجين‎ , also Romanized as Dākhrajīn and Dakharjīn ) is a village in Abgarm Rural District , Abgarm District , Buin Zahra County , Qazvin Province , Iran .
Tonowas , also known by its Spanish name of Dublon , is an island in the Chuuk ( formerly Truk ) lagoon , Federated States of Micronesia .
Lake Kizi ( Russian : Кизи or Большое Кизи ) is a large freshwater lake in Khabarovsk Krai , Russia .
Boreci ( pronounced ( bɔˈɾeːtsi ) ) is a village in the Municipality of Križevci in northeastern Slovenia .
Gundel is a well - known restaurant located in the Budapest City Park , Hungary .
Metropolitan Cebu , or simply Metro Cebu , ( Cebuano : Kaulohang Sugbo , Filipino : Kalakhang Cebu ) , is the main urban center of the province of Cebu in the Philippines .
The Shwezigon Pagoda Bell ( Burmese : ရွှေစည်းခုံဘုရား ခေါင်းလောင်း ) is a temple bell located at the Shwezigon Pagoda in Bagan , Myanmar .
Museum for Daegu National University of Education is a museum that is located in Nam - gu , Daegu , South Korea .
Malabar region is an area of southern India lying between the Western Ghats and the Arabian Sea .
Al Gal is a beach area located on the west coast of Israel near the city of Bat Yam .
FCM Baia Mare ( previously known as FC Baia Mare ) is a Romanian football club , based in Baia Mare , Maramureș County , northern Romania , founded in 1948 .
Shobeliyeh ( Persian : شبليه‎ , also Romanized as Shobelīyeh ; also known as Shobeylīyeh and Shobeylīyeh - ye Do ) is a village in Jahad Rural District , Hamidiyeh District , Ahvaz County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Nödinge Church ( Swedish : Nödinge kyrka ) is a church in Nödinge - Nol in Västergötland , Sweden , about 2 miles ( 3.2 km ) north of Gothenburg .
The Aiguille des Glaciers ( Italian : Aiguille des Glaciers ) ( 3,816 m ) is a mountain in the Mont Blanc massif of the Alps , falling within Savoie and Haute - Savoie , France and the Aosta Valley , Italy .
Beware Passage is a strait or channel in the Central Coast region of British Columbia , Canada , between Harbledown ( SE ) and Turnour Islands .
Nouhoulme is a village in the Bassar prefecture in the Kara Region of north - western Togo .
Demänovská Cave of Liberty ( Slovak : Demänovská jaskyňa Slobody ) is a karst cave in Low Tatras in Slovakia .
Mowtowr - e Heybet Naruyi ( Persian : موتورهيبت نارويي‎ , also Romanized as Mowtowr - e Heybet Nārūyī ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Iranshahr County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Kallindoia ( Greek : Καλλίνδοια ) is a former municipality in the Thessaloniki regional unit , Greece .
Chott Ech Chergui ( Arabic : شط الشرقي‎ ) is a large endorheic salt lake in Saïda Province , northwestern Algeria .
Ashnestan ( Persian : اشنستان‎ , also Romanized as Āshnestān and Ashnistān ) is a village in Eqbal - e Sharqi Rural District , in the Central District of Qazvin County , Qazvin Province , Iran .
Shirvan Rural District ( Persian : دهستان شيروان‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Borujerd County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Camp Gannon is a United States Marine Corps military base in Iraq .
Bulembu is a small town located in northwestern Hhohho , Swaziland , 10 km west of the town of Piggs Peak .
The Nuremberg Transport Museum ( Verkehrsmuseum Nürnberg ) is based in Nuremberg , Germany , and consists of the Deutsche Bahn 's own DB Museum and the Museum of Communications ( Museum für Kommunikation ) .
Heckman Pass is a mountain pass in the Rainbow Range of west - central British Columbia , Canada , located west of Anahim Lake on the divide between the Chilcotin Plateau and the Bella Coola Valley .
Gasklockan is a skyscraper approved and currently under development , located in Norra Djurgårdsstaden district of Stockholm , Sweden .
Khomasdal Stadium is a stadium in Katutura , a township of Windhoek , Namibia .
Sedudu Island ( known as Kasikili Island in Namibia ) is a fluvial island in Botswana , formed in the Chobe River adjacent to the border with Namibia which runs down the thalweg of the river immediately north of the island .
Fusagasugá ( Spanish pronunciation : ( fusaɣasuˈɣa ) ) or Fusa is a town and municipality in the department of Cundinamarca , in central Colombia .
Kristianstad ( Swedish pronunciation : ( kriˈɧanːsta ) , older spelling Christianstad ) is a city and the seat of Kristianstad Municipality , Skåne County , Sweden with 35,711 inhabitants in 2010 .
Chidan ( Persian : چيدن‎ , also Romanized as Chīdan and Chīden ) is a village in Mongasht Rural District , in the Central District of Bagh - e Malek County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Layman E. Scott Sr . High School ( formerly known as Cayman Brac Secondary Modern School and Cayman Brac High School ) is a secondary school located in Cayman Brac , Cayman Islands .
Mārciena parish ( Latvian : Mārcienas pagasts ) is an administrative unit of the Madona Municipality , Latvia .
Termez Airport ( IATA : TMJ , ICAO : UTST ) is an airport serving Termez , a city in southern Uzbekistan .
Gradeljina ( Cyrillic : Градељина ) is a village in the municipality of Konjic , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
The Southern Scenic Route is a tourist highway in New Zealand linking Queenstown , Fiordland , Te Anau and the iconic Milford Road to Dunedin via , Riverton , Invercargill and The Catlins .
Q'inququcha ( Quechua q'inqu zig - zag qucha lake , `` zig - zag lake '' , hispanicized spelling Quengococha ) is a lake in Peru located in the Cajamarca Region , Cajabamba Province , Cajabamba District , in the east of the Cajabamba District .
Spreuerhofstraße is the world 's narrowest street , found in the city of Reutlingen , Germany .
Dzhendema or Djendema , meaning `` hell '' , applies to the South slope of Mount Botev , 2376 m above sea level , the highest peak in the Balkan mountain range in Bulgaria 42 ° 41′41``N 24 ° 54′41''E. It is also called the Southern Dzhendem .
Bringamosa is a settlement on the island of Aruba , located towards the center of the island .
The Ram Range is a mountain range of the Canadian Rockies located in David Thompson Country , Canada .
Nørre Nissum is a village situated in western Jutland , Denmark with a population of 1,022 ( 1 January 2014 ) .
Tabadakan ( Persian : تبادكان‎ , also Romanized as Tabādakān and Tabādkān ; also known as Nabādkān and Tabādqān ) is a village in Kenevist Rural District , in the Central District of Mashhad County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Poshteh - ye Mazaj ( Persian : پشته مازج‎ , also Romanized as Poshteh - ye Māzaj ) is a village in Hur Rural District , in the Central District of Faryab County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Talar Posht - e Sofla ( Persian : تالارپشت سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Tālār Posht - e Soflá ; ; also known as Pā’īn Tālār Posht ) is a village in Aliabad Rural District , in the Central District of Qaem Shahr County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Melejdy ( mɛˈlɛi̯dɨ ) ( German : Mehleden ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sępopol , within Bartoszyce County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland , close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia .
Tątławki ( tɔnˈtwafki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Morąg , within Ostróda County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The National Museum and Research Center of Altamira ( Spanish : Museo Nacional y Centro de Investigación de Altamira ) is a center dedicated to the conservation of , research into and the sharing of information about the cave of Altamira in Santillana del Mar ( Cantabria , Spain ) , named a World Heritage Site by Unesco .
The Höllentalspitzen are three peaks in the Wetterstein Mountains near Garmisch - Partenkirchen in southern Germany .
Slavec is a village and municipality in the Rožňava District in the Košice Region of middle - eastern Slovakia .
The Fremantle Society is a community - based culture and heritage advocacy group in Fremantle , Western Australia .
The Mary Cairncross Reserve is a conservation park located on the Blackall Range east of Maleny , Australia .
Ziąbki ( ˈʑɔmpki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bolimów , within Skierniewice County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Petrusville is a town in the eastern Karoo region of South Africa , located in the Northern Cape province .
Caroma was established in 1941 and has factories in Wetherill Park , New South Wales , and Norwood , South Australia .
The village of Ijegun is a northern suburban community of the Lagos State ( one of the Awori District settlements ) , Nigeria .
Deh - e Balut ( Persian : ده بلوط‎ , also Romanized as Deh - e Balūt ) is a village in Dehdasht - e Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Kohgiluyeh County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Taras Hill or Chernecha Hora ( Ukrainian : Чернеча гора ; literally , Monk 's Hill ) is a hill on the bank of the Dnieper near Kaniv in Ukraine and an important landmark of the Shevchenko National Preserve where the remains of the famous Ukrainian poet and artist Taras Shevchenko have been buried since 1861 .
Colegio San Antonio del Baluarte ( English : San Antonio del Baluarte School ) is a Chilean elementary school located in Rengo , Cachapoal Province , Chile .
Botnhamn is a small place in Northern Norway , located more than 300 kilometres ( 190 mi ) north of the Arctic Circle on the northern part of the large island of Senja .
Abarkuh ( Persian : ابركوه‎ , also Romanized as Abarkūh and Abar Kūh ; also known as Abarghoo , Abarkū , Abar Qū , and Abarqūh ) is a city in and capital of Abarkuh County , Yazd Province , Iran .
The Pembina Escarpment ( known in Canada as the Manitoba Escarpment ) is a scarp that marks the boundary of glacial Lake Agassiz .
The Stein Glacier ( German : Steingletscher ) is a 4 km long glacier ( 2005 ) situated in the Urner Alps in the canton of Berne in Switzerland .
The Shire of Upper Gascoyne is a local government area in the Gascoyne region of Western Australia , inland from Carnarvon and about 1,000 kilometres ( 621 mi ) north of the state capital , Perth .
St. Augustine Girls ' High School is one of five Presbyterian secondary schools in Trinidad and Tobago .
Nargur ( Persian : نرگور‎ , also Romanized as Nargūr and Nargoor ; also known as Nar Gū ) is a village in Lay Siyah Rural District , in the Central District of Nain County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Tianeti is a town in east - central Georgia , in the Caucasus Mountains .
The Black Vir Lake ( Albanian : Liqeni i Zi i Virit ; Serbian : Црн Вир , Crn Vir ) is a very small mountain lake found in Kosovo .
Laidlaw College , formerly known as Bible College of New Zealand ( BCNZ ) , Laidlaw College is the largest interdenominational Christian College in Aotearoa New Zealand , offering qualifications from certificate to doctoral level , in the areas of theology and biblical studies , mission , ministry , counselling and teacher education .
Idiazabal is a town and municipality in the Goierri region of the province of Gipuzkoa , in the autonomous community of the Basque Country , northern Spain .
Marzığı ( also , Marzygi and Marzygy ) is a village in the Yevlakh Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Keurusselkä is a lake in Central Finland between the towns of Keuruu to the north and Mänttä to the south .
Naguru General Hospital , also known as China - Uganda Friendship Hospital Naguru , is a hospital in Uganda .
The Gatineau Hills ( French : Collines de la Gatineau ) are a geological formation in Canada that makes up part of the southern tip of the Canadian Shield , and acts as the northern shoulder of the Ottawa Valley .
Shaqari Island ( Albanian : Ishulli i Shaqarisë ) is a small islet found in northern Albania in Lake Scutari .
Mladá Boleslav ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈmladaː ˈbolɛslaf ) ; German : Jungbunzlau ) is a city in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic , on the left bank of the Jizera river about 50 kilometres ( 31 miles ) northeast of Prague .
Herschel Girls ' School is a private , boarding and day school for girls , located in Claremont , a southern suburb of Cape Town , Western Cape , South Africa .
The Taillefer Rocks , part of the Schouten Island Group , are three small , rugged , granite islands , with a combined area of approximately 15 hectares ( 37 acres ) lying close to the eastern coast of Tasmania , Australia , near the Freycinet Peninsula and lies within the Freycinet National Park .
Lahej ( Arabic : لحج‎ Laḥij ) , the Sultanate of Lahej ( Arabic : سلطنة لحج‎ Salṭanat Laḥij ) , or , sometimes , the Abdali Sultanate ( Arabic : سلطنة العبدلي‎ Salṭanat al-``Abdalī ) , was a Sheikdom based in Lahej in Southern Yemen . The Sheikdom was officially abolished in 1967 .
The Broadford Courier was a weekly newspaper published in the town of Broadford , Victoria , Australia between 1891 and 1978 .
The Trageburg is a ruined castle immediately next to the Rappbode Pre - Dam in the Harz Mountains of Germany .
Pławidło ( pwaˈvʲidwɔ ) ( German : Tirpitz ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słubice , within Słubice County , Lubusz Voivodeship , in western Poland , close to the German border .
Monte Alfeo is a mountain in the Ligurian Apennine , located in the territory of the commune of Ottone , province of Piacenza , central Italy , in the left bank of the Val Trebbia .
Lida District ( Belarusian : Лідскі раён , Лідзкі раён ) - a district ( rajon ) in Grodno Region of Belarus .
Shota Rustaveli Tbilisi International Airport ( Georgian : თბილისის შოთა რუსთაველის სახელობის საერთაშორისო აეროპორტი ) ( IATA : TBS , ICAO : UGTB ) formerly Novo Alexeyevka International Airport , is the main international airport in Georgia , located 17 km ( 11 mi ) southeast of the capital Tbilisi .
Scapa Flow ( /ˈskɑːpə/ or /ˈskæpə/ ; from Old Norse Skalpaflói , meaning `` bay of the long isthmus '' ) is a body of water in the Orkney Islands , Scotland , United Kingdom , sheltered by the islands of Mainland , Graemsay , Burray , South Ronaldsay and Hoy .
Benahadux ( Spanish : ( bena(a)ˈðu(k)s ) , locally : ( benaˈðʊʰ ) ) is a municipality of Almería province , in the autonomous community of Andalusia , Spain .
The Port Imperial Street Circuit is a planned 3.2-mile ( 5.2 km ) motor racing circuit in Weehawken and West New York , New Jersey , in the United States of America to be constructed on the Hudson Waterfront around Weehawken Port Imperial .
The 2008 Vattenfall Cyclassics road cycling race took place on September 7 , 2008 in Hamburg , Germany and saw an all - Australian podium with Robbie McEwen of Silence - Lotto beating Mark Renshaw of Crédit Agricole and Allan Davis of Quick Step .
Spišské Podhradie ( German : Kirchdrauf ; Hungarian : Szepesváralja ) is a town in Spiš in the Prešov Region of Slovakia .
Angat River or A ŋgat River , ( also called Bulacan River ) is a river in the Philippines located in the Province of Bulacan .
Kasetsart University (; ) is a public university in Thailand .
The Budapest Turkish Memorial Cemetery ( Turkish : Budapeşte Türk Şehitliği ) is a burial ground of Ottoman soldiers in Hungary .
Ingolstadt Manching Airport , or Fliegerhorst Ingolstadt / Manching in German ( IATA : IGS , ICAO : ETSI ) , is a military airbase with civil usage located in Manching near Ingolstadt , Germany .
Firebase Berchtesgaden ( also known as Firebase Eagle 's Nest or Hill 1030 ) was a U.S. Army firebase located west of Huế overlooking the A Shau Valley in central Vietnam .
German submarine U-592 was a Type VIIC U - boat of Nazi Germany 's Kriegsmarine during World War II . She carried out ten patrols , was a member of 16 wolfpacks and sank one ship of 3,770 gross register tons ( GRT ) .
Vecumnieki is a village and the seat of Vecumnieki municipality , Latvia , located approximately 50 km from Riga , with a population of 2487 ( 2007 ) .
Wadi Shi Dam is a dam near the village of Wadi Shi in Sharjah , United Arab Emirates .
Santhal Pargana division ( Hindi : संथाल परगना प्रमण्डल ) constitutes one of the five administrative units known as the divisions of Jharkhand state in eastern India .
Kudzar ( Persian : كودزر‎ , also Romanized as Kūdzar ; also known as Koodraz , Kūdraz , and Kūzāl ) is a village in Farmahin Rural District , in the Central District of Farahan County , Markazi Province , Iran .
The Cereda Pass ( Italian : Passo Cereda ) ( 1361 m ) is a high mountain pass in the southern Dolomites between the provinces of Trentino and Belluno in Italy .
Kudamuck is a village situated in Pathanamthitta district , Kerala India .
Revin ( French pronunciation : ​(ʁǝvɛ̃ ) ) is a commune in the Ardennes department in the Champagne - Ardenne region in northern France .
Dubai Knowledge Village is a human resources management , professional learning and educational free trade zone campus in the city of Dubai established in 2003 , United Arab Emirates , that provides facilities for corporate training and learning institutions to operate with 100 % foreign ownership .
Ravne na Koroškem ( pronounced ( ˈɾaːu̯nɛ na kɔˈɾoːʃkɛm ) ; until 1952 : Guštanj , German : Gutenstein in Kärnten ) is a town in northern Slovenia .
Castillo de Iznájar is a castle located in Iznájar , Province of Córdoba in Andalucia , southern Spain .
Cooling tower blowdown water is either discharged directly to Tarong Energy 's Meandu Creek Dam or supplied to the nearby Tarong Mine owned by Rio Tinto Coal Australia .
Pensil Neighborhood is located in the Miguel Hidalgo borough of Mexico City .
Paltan is a Thana ( precinct ) of Dhaka , the capital of Bangladesh .
Pankan ( Persian : پنكان‎ , also Romanized as Pankān ) is a village in Halil Rural District , in the Central District of Jiroft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Sobrália is a municipality in Brazil in the state of Minas Gerais .
The Pingat Jasa Gemilang ( Tentera ) ( Meritorious Service Medal ( Military ) ) , is awarded to members of the Singapore Armed Forces for exceptionally distinguished performance or extraordinary service , or the furtherance of links with overseas forces .
Stedje Church ( Norwegian : Stedje kyrkje ) is the main parish church in Sogndal Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county , Norway .
Clonlea , or Clonleigh ( Irish : Cluain Lao ) is a civil parish in County Clare , Ireland .
Takht - e Meshkun ( Persian : تخت مشكون‎ , also Romanized as Takht - e Meshkūn ) is a village in Kushk Rural District , Abezhdan District , Andika County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Qaleh Moni ( Persian : قلعه منيع‎ , also Romanized as Qal``eh Monī ) is a village in Kuh Panj Rural District , in the Central District of Bardsir County , Kerman Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its existence was noted , but its population was not reported .
Roxas Airport ( Filipino : Paliparan ng Roxas , Hiligaynon : Hulugpaan sang Roxas ) ( IATA : RXS , ICAO : RPVR ) is an airport serving the general area of Roxas City , the capital of the province of Capiz , in the Philippines .
Calacalí is a rural parish of Quito Canton , Pichincha Province , Ecuador .
The Ricken Pass is a mountain pass in the canton of St. Gallen in eastern Switzerland .
Jamnagar Airport or the Govardhanpur Airport Jamnagar ( IATA : JGA , ICAO : VAJM ) is an airport in Jamnagar , Gujarat , India .
The Puchong Perdana Mosque is a mosque in Puchong Perdana township in Puchong , Selangor , Malaysia near Puchong Lake .
Lipelaneng is a community council located in the Butha - Buthe and Leribe Districts of Lesotho .
Dillberry Lake Provincial Park is a provincial park in Alberta , Canada , located 43 km ( 27 mi ) north from Provost and 17 km ( 11 mi ) south of Chauvin along Highway 17 .
Mazraeh - ye Jareh ( Persian : مزرعه جره‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye Jareh ) is a village in Pol Beh Bala Rural District , Simakan District , Jahrom County , Fars Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its existence was noted , but its population was not reported .
The University of L'Aquila ( Italian : Università degli Studi dell'Aquila ) is a public research university located in L'Aquila , central Italy .
Nadgorica ( pronounced ( ˈnaːdɡɔɾitsa ) ; German : Nadgoritz ) is a formerly independent settlement in the northern part of the capital Ljubljana in central Slovenia .
Khan Abbasi ( Persian : خان عباسي‎ , also Romanized as Khān `` Abbāsī ) is a village in Kolijan Rostaq - e Sofla Rural District , in the Central District of Sari County , Mazandaran Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 291 , in 72 families .
The Blue Nile ( Amharic : ዓባይ ? ; transliterated : ʿAbbay but pronounced Abbai , Arabic : النيل الأزرق‎ an - Nīl al - Azraq ) is a river originating at Lake Tana in Ethiopia .
Henry Kendall High School is a comprehensive high school in Gosford , New South Wales , Australia .
The Bretti Nature Reserve is a protected nature reserve located near the Barrington Tops in the Hunter Region of New South Wales , Australia .
Newtownards Airport ( ICAO : EGAD ) is a local airfield in Newtownards , County Down , Northern Ireland ( United Kingdom ) .
Gurukhola is a village development committee ( VDC ) in Baitadi District in the Mahakali Zone of western Nepal .
Kobierzyce ( kɔbjɛˈʐɨt͡sɛ ) ( German : Koberwitz ) is a village in Wrocław County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Maribor Cathedral ( Slovene : mariborska stolnica ) , dedicated to Saint John the Baptist , is a Roman Catholic cathedral in the city of Maribor , northeastern Slovenia .
Klizin - Kopaliny ( ˈkliʑin kɔpaˈlinɨ ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Kodrąb , within Radomsko County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Göta Lejon is a theatre located at 55 Götgatan in Södermalm , Stockholm , Sweden .
Svinov ( German : Schönbrunn ) is an administrative district of the city of Ostrava , Moravian - Silesian Region in the Czech Republic .
Biskupice Podgórne ( biskuˈpit͡sɛ pɔdˈɡurnɛ ) ( German : Bischwitz ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kobierzyce , within Wrocław County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Siguiri is a city in northeastern Guinea on the River Niger .
The Tour de Sauvabelin ( literally `` Tower of Sauvabelin '' ) is a wooden tower located in the Sauvabelin forest , Lausanne , Switzerland .
Katunje is a village development committee in Okhaldhunga District in the Sagarmatha Zone of mid - eastern Nepal .
Cacimba de Dentro is a municipality in the state of Paraíba in northeastern Brazil .
Palazzo Budini Gattai is a palace in Piazza della Santissima Annunziata , Florence , Italy .
Bahzani ( Arabic : بحزاني‎ , Syriac : ܒܝܬ ܚܙܢܐ‎ ) , literally from the Syriac words meaning `` House of treasure , '' is an Assyrian town located in the Al - Hamdaniya District of the Ninawa Governorate in northern Iraq .
Paykabud ( Persian : پاي كبود‎‎ , also Romanized as Pāykabūd and Pākabūd ) is a village in Keshvar Rural District , Papi District , Khorramabad County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
The St. Thomas Times - Journal is the city newspaper of St. Thomas , Ontario , Canada , and is owned by Postmedia .
Saint - Roch - des - Aulnaies is a parish municipality in Quebec , Canada .
Manfuha ( Arabic : منفوحة‎ ) was an ancient village in the Nejd region of central Saudi Arabia .
Jaganmohan Palace is a palace in Mysore , in the princely city of Mysore , India .
Eleja is a village in Latvia , center of the Eleja parish in Jelgava municipality .
The 2014 Superettan , part of the 2014 Swedish football season , was the 14th season of Superettan , Sweden 's second - tier football league in its current format .
Umm Qais or Qays ( Arabic : أم قيس‎ , lit . `` Mother of Qais '' ) is a town in northern Jordan principally known for its proximity to the ruins of the ancient Gadara .
Isoko South is a Local Government Area ( LGA ) in the Isoko region of Delta State , Nigeria .
Hénanbihen ( Breton : Henant - Bihan , Gallo : Henaunt - Bihaen ) is a commune in the Côtes - d'Armor department of Brittany in northwestern France .
XHOF - FM , also known as Reactor 105.7 , is a radio station in Mexico City that plays alternative rock music , and hip hop mainly in English and Spanish .
Emäsalo ( Swedish Emsalö ) is an island and a village in the city of Porvoo in Southern Finland .
Mrđanovci ( Serbian Cyrillic : Мрђановци ) is a village in the municipality of Kupres , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Harrismith , named after Sir Harry Smith who was a British governor of the Cape Colony , is a large town in the Free State province of South Africa .
Atfih ( Egyptian Arabic : أطفيح Aṭfīḥ pronounced ( ʔɑtˤˈfiːħ ) , Coptic : Ⲧⲡⲏϩ ( Tpeh ) ) is a town in Middle Egypt .
Deeghuparwar is a village in Deegh mandal in Sant Ravidas Nagar District in Uttar Pradesh State in India .
Buda - Kashalyova ( Belarusian : Буда-Кашалёва ) is a town in Gomel Region , Belarus .
Eibergen is a former municipality and a town in the eastern Netherlands in an area called Achterhoek .
Stoneburn is a lightly populated rural locality in the Otago region of New Zealand 's South Island .
Mowtowr - e Morad Qalandar Zehi ( Persian : بمپور مراد قلندرزهي‎ , also Romanized as Mowtowr - e Morād Qalandar Zehī ) is a village in Bazman Rural District , Bazman District , Iranshahr County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Pichak Mahalleh ( Persian : پيچك محله‎ , also Romanized as Pīchak Maḩalleh ; also known as Vashmgīr and Voshmgīr ) is a village in Katul Rural District , in the Central District of Aliabad County , Golestan Province , Iran .
Ekebergsletta is a field in the neighborhood of Ekeberg in the Nordstrand district , southeast of downtown Oslo , Norway .
Dar es Salaam ( from Arabic : دار السلام‎ Dār as - Salām , literally `` the residence of peace '' ; or simply Dar , formerly Mzizima ) is the largest city of Tanzania and the largest city in eastern Africa by population , as well as a regionally important economic centre .
Deir Sharqi ( Arabic : دير شرقي‎ , also spelled Dayr al - Sharqi ) is a village administratively belonging to the Idlib Governorate in northwestern Syria .
The Lovett Tower ( formerly known as the MLC Building ) is a 93-metre ( 305 feet ) tall tower in Canberra , the capital city of Australia .
Knokke - Zoute Airfield is a former airfield , located 5 km east of Knokke - Heist in West Flanders , Belgium .
World One is a supertall residential skyscraper under construction in Mumbai , India .
Nina Kiru ( Quechua nina fire , kiru tooth , `` fire tooth '' , also spelled Nina Kiro , Ninaquero ) is an archaeological site with stone tombs ( chullpa ) in Peru .
The Carabinieri ( formally Arma dei Carabinieri , `` Arm of Carabineers '' or previously Corpo dei Carabinieri , `` Corps of Carabiniers '' ; Italian pronunciation : ( karabiˈnjɛːri ) ) is the national military police of Italy , policing both military and civilian populations .
Cyców ( ˈt͡sɨt͡suf ) is a village in Łęczna County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Mount Manning Nature Reserve is a nature reserve in the Goldfields - Esperance region of Western Australia north of Southern Cross in the area known as the Northern Yilgarn .
Poiana Vadului ( German : Schwarzenthal ; Hungarian : Feketevölgy ) is a commune located in Alba County , Romania .
Pond Inlet Airport ( IATA : YIO , ICAO : CYIO ) is located at Pond Inlet , Nunavut , Canada , and is operated by the government of Nunavut .
Homstean is a densely populated area in Vennesla municipality in Vest - Agder county , Norway along Norwegian National Road 9 .
Chelopech ( Bulgarian : Челопеч ) is a village in the western part of Bulgaria .
Nordavia ( Russian : Нордавиа ) , formerly known as Aeroflot - Nord ( Аэрофлот-Норд ) , is an airline with its head office on the grounds of Talagi Airport in Arkhangelsk , Russia .
Baghaberd ( Armenian : Բաղաբերդ ; also David Bek 's Castle ) is a 4th to 12th century Armenian fortress located along a ridge overlooking the Voghji River , 14 kilometers northwest from the village of Kapan in the Syunik Province of Armenia .
Entrialgo ( Entralgo in Asturian ) is one of the nine parishes in Laviana , a municipality within the province and autonomous community of Asturias , in northern Spain .
The Monowai River is a river in New Zealand , draining Lake Monowai into the Waiau River and feeding the Monowai Power Station .
The Col de la République or Col de Grand Bois ( 1,161 m ( 3,809 ft ) ) is a mountain pass in the Pilat massif within the Pilat Regional Natural Park in the Loire department of the Rhône - Alpes region in southern France .
The Franconian International School ( FIS ) is an international school based in Erlangen serving the Nuremberg metropolitan area community in Germany .
Bieleckie ( bjɛˈlɛt͡skʲɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Urszulin , within Włodawa County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Verchild 's Peak is a prominent mountain on the island of Saint Kitts in Saint Kitts and Nevis .
Port Nolloth is a town and small domestic seaport in the Namaqualand region on the northwestern coast of South Africa , 144 kilometres ( 89 mi ) northwest of Springbok .
Donji Petrovići ( Serbian Cyrillic : Доњи Петровићи ) is a village in the municipality of Krupa na Uni , part of the Republika Srpska entity of Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Viva Yellow or the Newmarket / HWY 404 line , or the Davis Drive corridor line , is a Viva Rapid Transit line that serves Newmarket , Ontario , Canada , using a new `` rapidway '' .
Madre de Dios Island ( Spanish : Isla Madre de Dios , Spanish pronunciation : ( ˈmaðɾe ðe ðjos ) ) is an island in the Magallanes Region , Chile .
The Turkish Air Force Academy ( TuAFA ) ( Turkish : Hava Harp Okulu ) is a four - year co - educational military academy located in the city of Istanbul , Turkey .
With the launch of MTV Canada , a Canadian version of MTV Select aired on A‑Channel , MTV Canada , and Toronto One .
Wakan Q'allay ( Quechua , waka cow , -n a suffix , q'allay to cut into small pieces , hispanicized spelling Huajancallay ) is a mountain in the Andes of Peru , about 5,100 m ( 16,732 ft ) high .
Karkaraly National Park ( Kazakh : Қарқаралы мемлекеттік ұлттық табиғи паркі ; Russian : Каркаралинский государственный национальный природный парк ) is a protected reserve and national park in the Karaganda Oblast ( Karaganda Region ) of Kazakhstan .
Rolador is a municipality of the state of Rio Grande do Sul , Brazil .
San Lorenzo Marine Archipelago National Park is a national park of Mexico located on San Lorenzo Island part of an archipelago in the Gulf of California off the eastern coast of Baja California .
Zhengzhou University ( simplified Chinese : 郑州大学 ; traditional Chinese : 鄭州大學 ; pinyin : Zhèngzhōu Dàxué ) , colloquially known in Chinese as Zhèngdà ( 郑大 ) is a public university located in Zhengzhou , Henan , People 's Republic of China .
Sünt - Hasardag Nature Reserve is a nature reserve ( zapovednik ) of Turkmenistan .
Kodumthara is a village just outside Pathanamthitta City Suburbs , located in Kerala state , India .
Arandan ( Persian : آرندان‎ , also Romanized as Ārandān and Arandān ; also known as Aranan , Arenān , Ārnān , and Randān ) is a village in Arandan Rural District , in the Central District of Sanandaj County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
San Pancrazio Salentino is a comune in the province of Brindisi in Apulia , on the south - east Italy coast .
The International Hotel and Tourism Training Institute ( IHTTI ) is a for - profit school in Neuchâtel , Switzerland that offers bachelor 's degrees in the hospitality industry .
Kosava castle is a ruined castellated palace in Gothic Revival style located in Kosava , Belarus .
Adan Yabal District ( Somali : Degmada Aadan Yabaal ) is a district in the southeastern Middle Shebelle ( Shabeellaha Dhexe ) region of Somalia .
Grytøy Lighthouse ( Norwegian : Grytøy fyr ) is a lighthouse in the municipality of Bodø in Nordland county , Norway .
Juhu Aerodrome ( ICAO : VAJJ ) is located in Juhu , an upmarket residential suburb of Mumbai , India .
Mazraeh - ye Ayshaq Chekhmaz ( Persian : مزرعه ايشق چخماز‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye Ayshaq Chekhmāz ) is a village in Qeshlaq - e Jonubi Rural District , Qeshlaq Dasht District , Bileh Savar County , Ardabil Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 64 , in 19 families .
Darreh Chineh ( Persian : دره چينه‎ , also Romanized as Darreh Chīneh ; also known as Darreh Chīneh - ye Pā’īn ) is a village in Susan - e Sharqi Rural District , Susan District , Izeh County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
An Ordnance Factory of the Ordnance Factories Board has been established by the Government of India which is one of the reasons for Ambarnath developing into a residential neighbourhood .
Skurugata is a rock canyon in Eksjö Municipality , southern Sweden , an 800-metre gorge which runs 20 to 35 metres deep and 7 to 24 metres wide .
Zlati Rep ( pronounced ( ˈzlaːti ˈɾeːp ) ) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Ribnica in southern Slovenia .
Hobbledehoy Record Co. ( /ˈhɒbəldihɔɪ/ HOB - əl - dee - hoy ) is an artistic - centric independent record label in Adelaide , SA Australia .
Gunclje ( pronounced ( ˈɡuːntsljɛ ) ) is a settlement in central Slovenia , immediately northwest of the capital Ljubljana .
Kdyně ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈɡdɪɲɛ ) ; German : Neu Gedein ) is a town in the Plzeň Region of the Czech Republic .
Khayysardakh ( Russian : Хайысардах ; Sakha : Хайыһардаах ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) , the only inhabited locality , and the administrative center of Elgessky Rural Okrug in Verkhoyansky District of the Sakha Republic , Russia , located 58 kilometers ( 36 mi ) from Batagay , the administrative center of the district .
Sint Willebrord is a town in the municipality of Rucphen in the Netherlands .
Little Waterhouse Lake is a freshwater coastal lagoon in the Waterhouse Conservation Area of north - eastern Tasmania , Australia .
The Phoenician port of Beirut or Phoenician harbour of Beirut , or archaeological site BEY039 located between Rue Allenby and Rue Foch in Beirut , Lebanon .
Horbali ( Ukrainian : Горбалі ) is a village ( selo ) in Brodivskyi Raion , Lviv Oblast , in western Ukraine .
Bottom Bay is located on the southeast coast of Barbados , between Cave Bay and Palmetto Bay .
Jalanta ( Aymara jalaña to fly , running of water ; west , -nta a suffix , jalanta , inti jalanta west , also spelled Alanta ) is a mountain in the Wansu mountain range in the Andes of Peru , about 5,100 metres ( 16,732 ft ) high .
Hamedan International Airport ( Persian : فرودگاه بین المللی همدان‎‎ ) is an airport in Hamadan , Iran ( IATA : HDM , ICAO : OIHH ) .
The Auckland Harbour Bridge is an eight - lane box truss motorway bridge over the Waitemata Harbour , joining St Marys Bay in Auckland with Northcote in the former North Shore City , New Zealand .
The University of Duisburg - Essen ( German : Universität Duisburg - Essen ) is a public university in Duisburg and Essen , North Rhine - Westphalia , Germany and a member of the newly founded University Alliance Metropolis Ruhr .
The Mordechai Navi Synagogue is the only Jewish place of worship in the Republic of Armenia .
Tolú is a small municipality and town in Sucre Department , northern Colombia by the Caribbean sea .
Vərov ( also , Varov and Vyarov ) is a village and municipality in the Yardymli Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Jardín de Esculturas is a museum in the city of Xalapa , in the state of Veracruz in eastern Mexico .
Its original name was DATEV Data Processing Organization for Tax Agents and Related Tax Services Providers within the Federal Republic of Germany , a registered co - operative society with limited liability ( `` Datenverarbeitung und Dienstleistung für den steuerberatenden Beruf '' ) .
Kavu is the traditional name given for sacred groves across the Malabar Coast in Kerala , South India .
Fuerza Aérea ( Edificio Cóndor ) Heliport ( ICAO : SABC ) is a public use heliport located near Buenos Aires , Buenos Aires Province , Argentina .
Dewele ( French Douanlé ) is a town on the Ethiopia and Djibouti border .
Muľa ( Hungarian : Rárósmúlyad ) is a village and municipality in the Veľký Krtíš District of the Banská Bystrica Region of southern Slovakia .
The Samira Hill Gold Mine ( fr . Mine d'Or du Mont Samira ) is a Gold mine in Téra Department of the Tillabéri Region in Niger .
Franceville is one of the four largest cities in Gabon , with a population of around 56,000 ( 2010 , approx . ) people .
The 2002 Taman Hillview landslide occurred on 20 November 2002 in Taman Hillview , Ulu Klang , Selangor , Malaysia , crushing the bungalow of the Affin Bank chairman General ( RtD ) Tan Sri Ismail Omar and killing eight people .
Käerjeng is a commune in southwestern Luxembourg , in the canton of Capellen .
Pego do Inferno is a small waterfall and lake located in the parish of Santo Estêvão , in Tavira in the Algarve , Portugal .
Ross Haven is a summer village in Alberta , Canada .
Fryazino ( Russian : Фрязино ; IPA : ( ˈfrʲæzʲɪnə ) ) is a scientific town in Moscow Oblast , Russia , located on the Lyuboseyevka River ( Vorya 's tributary ) 25 kilometers ( 16 mi ) northeast of the city of Moscow .
Vadakkechira ( Malayalam : വടക്കെചിര ) is one of the four oldest ponds in Thrissur city of Kerala in India .
Långsele AIF is a sports club in Långsele , Sweden , established on 11 June 1920 as IF Renen before changing name on 25 October the same year .
The National Library of Catalonia ( Catalan : Biblioteca de Catalunya , IPA : ( biβɫiuˈtɛkə ðə kətəˈɫuɲə ) ) is a Catalan national library located in Barcelona , Catalonia , Spain .
Padah - Lin Caves ( Burmese : ဗဒလင်းဂူ , pronounced : ( bədəlíɴ ɡù ) ; also Padalin or Badalin ) are limestone caves located in Taunggyi District , Shan State , Burma ( Myanmar ) .
Tuteh Chal ( Persian : توته چال‎ , also Romanized as Tūteh Chāl ; also known as Tūtehcheh , Tūteh Chāy , Tūtahchāi , Tutakhchay , and Tūtchāl ) is a village in Dastjerd Rural District , Alamut - e Gharbi District , Qazvin County , Qazvin Province , Iran .
Cewice ( t͡sɛˈvit͡sɛ ) ( German : Zewitz ) is a village in Lębork County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Belgravia Secondary School , also known as Belgravia High School is an English - medium school in Athlone , a suburb of Cape Town , South Africa .
Originating in the 17th century , Luckenwalde 's cloth and wool factories did not spring up till the reign of King Frederick II of Prussia and soon were among the most extensive in Germany .
Am Timan is a city in Chad and is the capital of the region of Salamat .
Bicz - Ostatki ( ˈbit͡ʂ ɔsˈtatki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stare Miasto , within Konin County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Runkaus Strict Nature Reserve ( Runkauksen luonnonpuisto ) is a strict nature reserve located in Lapland , Finland .
Tang - e Karam ( Persian : تنگ كرم‎ , also Romanized as Tang - i - Karam ) is a village in Kushk - e Qazi Rural District , in the Central District of Fasa County , Fars Province , Iran .
Puéchoursi ( Occitan : Puèch Orsin , meaning bear mountain ) is a commune in the Tarn department in southern France .
Dorozhny ( Russian : Дорожный ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) , the administrative centre of and one of two settlements , in addition to Nyuya Severnaya , in Murbaysky Rural Okrug of Lensky District in the Sakha Republic , Russia .
Khok Salut ( Thai : โคกสลุด ) is a subdistrict ( tambon ) in the Bang Krathum district of Phitsanulok Province , Thailand .
Boudépé is a village in south - eastern Ivory Coast .
Tskhinvali ( ; ; ) is the capital of South Ossetia , a disputed region in Georgia which has been recognised as an independent Republic by Russia and another three UN members .
Middlesex Centre is a township in south - western Ontario , Canada .
Qand - e Nur - e Sepahan ( Persian : قندنورسپاهان‎ , also Romanized as Qand - e Nūr - e Sepāhān ) is a village in Borkhar - e Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Shahin Shahr and Meymeh County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
The Oxford College of Engineering is a college in Bangalore , India , under the VTU Visvesvaraya Technological University recognized by the Government of Karnataka and approved by the All India Council of Technical Education AICTE , New Delhi .
The Potanin Glacier is the longest glacier in Mongolia , its long about 14 kilometres and located through in the Altai Tavan Bogd mountain in Altai Mountains .
Uzdowo ( uzˈdɔvɔ ) ( German Usdau ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Działdowo , within Działdowo County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Shivaji Place District Centre is a commercial centre located in Rajouri Garden , West Delhi , India .
Marcos Juárez Airport ( Spanish : Aeródromo Marcos Juárez , IATA : MJZ , ICAO : SAOM ) is a public use airport located 5 kilometres ( 3 mi ) west - northwest of Marcos Juárez , Córdoba , Argentina .
The Bridgend Designer Outlet , also known as McArthurGlen Designer Outlet ( and known locally as `` The Pines '' ) is a commercial retail park and outlet store development in Bridgend , Wales , United Kingdom .
Tsaghkadzor ( Armenian : Ծաղկաձոր , also Romanized as Tsakhkadzor ) is a spa town and a popular health resort in Armenia , located north of the capital Yerevan in the Kotayk Province .
Arroyo Los Berros is a village and municipality in Río Negro Province in Argentina .
Amecameca ( formally Amecameca de Juárez ) is a town and municipality located in the eastern panhandle of Mexico State between Mexico City and the Iztaccíhuatl and Popocatépetl volcanos of the Sierra Nevada mountain range .
Veiholmen is a fishing village located on a group of tiny islands in the northern part of Smøla Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county , Norway .
Chipring is a village and Village Development Committee in Khotang District in the Sagarmatha Zone of eastern Nepal .
West Coast Group Representation Constituency ( Chinese : 西海岸集选区 ; Malay : Kawasan Undi Perwakilan Berkumpulan West Coast ; Tamil : வெஸ்ட் கோஸ்ட் குழுத்தொகுதி ) is a four - member Group Representation Constituency located in the western area of Singapore .
Vacas Municipality ( Quechua name : Wak'as , deriving from Wak'a ) is the second municipal section of the Arani Province in the Cochabamba Department in central Bolivia .
Ankang ( Chinese : 安康 ; pinyin : Ānkāng ) is a prefecture - level city in southern Shaanxi province , People 's Republic of China .
Sebhel ( also Sib'il , Sebaail , Sebeel , Arabic : سبعل‎ ) is a village located in the Zgharta District in the North Governorate of Lebanon .
Malbun is a ski - resort village in the eastern exclave of the municipality of Triesenberg , Liechtenstein .
About Saurikh is a nagar panchayat in Kannauj District of Uttar Pradesh State , India .
The Orde van den Prince or Order of the Prince is a Flemish - Dutch society for the promotion of the language and culture of the Netherlands ( Flanders and Netherlands ) .
Kavat ( Persian : كوات‎ , also Romanized as Kavāt ; also known as Kavārt ) is a village in Poshtkuh Rural District , Chahardangeh District , Sari County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
The Montmeló Municipal Museum is a museum in the town of Montmeló , Catalonia , Spain .
The Fehéres River is a tributary of the Târnava Mare River , in Romania .
The Béli River is a seasonal river of northern Burkina Faso , just south of the Malian border .
Zilaiskalns parish ( Latvian : Zilākalna pagasts ) is an administrative unit of the Kocēni Municipality , Latvia .
Topotes are a local dish of Catemaco , Veracruz , Mexico made from Threadfin Shad Dorosoma petenense .
South Eastern Subregion is a subregion in the central Maekel ( Maakel ) region ( Zoba Maekel ) of Eritrea .
Madurai Junction railway station is an important Junction railway station in South India and the primary railway station serving the city of Madurai , Tamil Nadu .
Húnaþing vestra is a municipality located in northern Iceland .
Smolec ( ˈsmɔlɛt͡s ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kąty Wrocławskie , within Wrocław County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Bom Fim ( meaning Good End in English ) is a neighborhood in the city of Porto Alegre , the state capital of Rio Grande do Sul in Brazil .
The Kapshagay Hydroelectric Power Plant ( Russian : Капшагайская ГЭС , earlier Капчагайская ГЭС ) is a hydroelectricity power plant on the Ili River in Almaty Province of Kazakhstan .
Lejonen ( the Lions ) is a speedway club from Gislaved in Sweden who compete in the Swedish Elitserien .
Alto Mijares ( Valencian : Alt Millars ) is a comarca in the province of Castellón , Valencian Community , Spain .
Ole Rømer Observatory ( Danish : Ole Rømer Observatoriet ) is an astronomical observatory and museum , built in 1911 and located in Aarhus , Denmark .
Margeh Pirgeh ( Persian : مرگه پيرگه‎ , also Romanized as Margeh Pīrgeh ) is a village in Melkari Rural District , Vazineh District , Sardasht County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Institute of Chartered Foresters is the professional body for foresters and arboriculturists in the United Kingdom .
Port - au - Prince ( /ˌpɔːrtoʊˈprɪns/ ; French pronunciation : ​(pɔʁopʁɛ̃s ) ; Haitian Creole : Pòtoprens ) is the capital and largest city of the Caribbean country of Haiti .
The Panum Building ( formerly referred to as the Panum Institute ) is a large building complex that is part of the University of Copenhagen 's North Campus in Copenhagen , Denmark .
Rahmatabad - e Bozorg ( Persian : رحمت ابادبزرگ‎ , also Romanized as Raḩmatābād - e Bozorg ; also known as Raḩmatābād ) is a village in Dashtabi - ye Gharbi Rural District , Dashtabi District , Buin Zahra County , Qazvin Province , Iran .
Springhill Falls is a 5 metre high horsetail ribbon cascade waterfall found on private property , ( private with permission to access ) , in Flamborough , Hamilton , Ontario , Canada .
Brno City Theatre ( Czech : Městské divadlo Brno , further in text MdB ) is a repertoire theatre in Brno , Czech Republic , that focuses on dramatic and music production , mainly musical theatre .
Oranga is a small residential suburb in Auckland , New Zealand .
Hollola TV Mast is a mast in Hollola , Finland built in 1967 .
On February 9 , 2008 , CBC 's annual Hockey Day In Canada broadcast was hosted from Winkler Arena .
The Manitoba Children 's Museum is a non - profit , charitable children 's museum located at The Forks in Winnipeg , Manitoba , Canada .
The Velika Kapela ( pronounced ( ʋɛ̂likaː kǎpɛla ) ; Great Chapel ) is a large mountain range in the east of Gorski Kotar , Croatia .
The Moderates of Åland ( Swedish : Moderaterna på Åland ; previously Freeminded Co - operation , Swedish : Frisinnad Samverkan ) was a conservative and liberal - conservative political party in the Åland Islands .
Coco Point Lodge Airstrip ( ICAO : TAPT ) is a private use airport located near Coco Point , Barbuda , Antigua and Barbuda .
Kuczbork - Osada ( ˈkut͡ʂbɔrk ɔˈsada ) is a village in Żuromin County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Goa State Museum , also known as the State Archaeology Museum , Panaji , is a museum in Goa , India .
Mirepoix Cathedral ( Cathédrale Saint - Maurice de Mirepoix ) is in the town of Mirepoix , Ariège , in the south west of France .
Ill ( Saarland ) is a river of Saarland , Germany .
Ustarbowo ( ustarˈbɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wejherowo , within Wejherowo County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The Toronto Courthouse is a major court in Toronto , Canada located behind Osgoode Hall at 361 University Avenue north of Queen Street West .
The 2009 L'Aquila earthquake occurred in the region of Abruzzo , in central Italy .
Chaul is a former city of Portuguese India , now in ruins .
The Federal Ministry for Economic Affairs and Energy ( German : Bundesministerium für Wirtschaft und Energie ) , abbreviated BMWi , is a cabinet - level ministry of the Federal Republic of Germany .
The Pala group ( Italian : Pale di San Martino , Dolomiti delle Pale or Gruppo delle Pale ) is a mountain range in the Dolomites , in the eastern Trentino and part of the province of Belluno , northern Italy .
Desino ( Greek : Δεσινό , formerly Τεσινόν - Tesinon ) is a mountain village in the municipal unit of Aroania , Achaea , Greece .
Sparrow Lake is a lake located in the south - central region of the Province of Ontario , Canada .
Champfèr ( ( tɕɐmpˈfɛɾ ) ) is a village in the Upper Engadin valley of the canton of Graubünden , Switzerland .
The InterContinental Toronto Centre , is a hotel in downtown Toronto , Canada .
Frederikssund station is the terminus of the Frederikssund radial of the S - train network of Copenhagen , Denmark .
Lago delle Nazioni ( Nations ' lake ) is a lake in the Province of Ferrara , Emilia - Romagna , Italy .
Yanuca is an inhabited coral island in Fiji 's Lomaiviti Archipelago .
The ancient Magul Uyana ( Royal Gardens ) are situated close to Isurumuni Vihara and Tissawewa in the ancient sacred city of Anuradhapura , Sri Lanka .
Leoš Janáček Airport Ostrava ( IATA : OSR , ICAO : LKMT ) , formerly Ostrava - Mošnov International Airport , is the airport of the city of Ostrava in the Czech Republic , a major economic and industrial centre .
Chenzhou ( Chinese : 郴州 ; pinyin : Chēnzhōu ) is a city located in the south of Hunan province , People 's Republic of China .
The Clock Tower of Ulcinj ( Albanian : Sahat Kulla ) , was built in Ulcinj , Montenegro in 1754 with the help of donations made by the citizens of Ulcinj .
Mali Lošinj ( Italian : Lussinpiccolo , Venetian : Lusinpicolo ) is a town and municipality in the Primorje - Gorski Kotar County , on the island of Lošinj , in western Croatia .
Padidan ( Also spelled Pad Idan ) ( Urdu : پڈیدن ‎ ) ( Sindhi : پَڊيدن‎ ) is a town in Naushahro Feroze district of Sindh province in Pakistan .
Bojná ( Hungarian : Nyitrabajna ) is a municipality in the Topoľčany District of the Nitra Region , Slovakia .
Hanza Rural District ( Persian : دهستان هنزا‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Hanza District , Rabor County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Selogražde ( Serbian Cyrillic : Селогражде , Albanian : Sallagrazhdë ) is a settlement in the Suva Reka municipality in the disputed region of Kosovo .
Benguin ( Persian : بنگوين‎ , also Romanized as Bengūīn ) is a village in Mangur - e Sharqi Rural District , Khalifan District , Mahabad County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Čelinac ( Serbian Cyrillic : Челинац ) is a town and municipality in north - west Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Lac de l'Abbaye is a lake at Grande - Rivière , in the Jura department of France .
Paya Lebar Air Base ( IATA : QPG , ICAO : WSAP ) is a military airbase of the Republic of Singapore Air Force located at Paya Lebar , in the central - eastern part of Singapore , the airbase goes by the motto of `` Strength Through Readiness '' .
Staßfurt ( Stassfurt ) ( German pronunciation : ( ˈʃtasfʊʁt ) ) is a town in the Salzlandkreis district , in Saxony - Anhalt , Germany .
Lonely Mine is a village in Matabeleland North , Zimbabwe and is located about 84 km north - east of Bulawayo , just north of Inyati .
The total cost of Proposed Quirino Airport Development Project is around Php7,111,742.40 base on the contract price that was approved by the Department of Transportation and Communications and the National Government of the Philippines .
The Triumph of Labour , also known as the Labour statue , is a statue at the Marina Beach , Chennai , India .
The Chyulu Hills is a mountain range in eastern Kenya .
Guaqui is a railhead and port in Bolivia on Lake Titicaca .
Dinsoor District ( Somali : Degmada Diinsoor ) is a district in the southern Bay region of Somalia .
Blesbokspruit , originates north of Daveyton , Gauteng , South Africa .
Batu Caves Komuter station ( formerly Batu Caves railway station ) is a Malaysian commuter railway station at Batu Caves , Gombak , Selangor , Malaysia .
Shia Ulema Council ( S.U.C ) ( Urdu : شیعہ علماء کونسل‎ ; English : Council of Shiite Muslim clergy ) is a Shiite Muslim religio - political organization in Pakistan and a board of Shiite Muslim clergy affiliated with the Islamic council of Iran .
Ciucsângeorgiu ( Hungarian : Csíkszentgyörgy , Hungarian pronunciation : ( ˈtʃiːksɛntɟørɟ ) ) is a commune in Harghita County , Romania .
Maungakawa is a locality in the rural portion of the Waikato Region , northeast of the town of Cambridge , New Zealand .
Rémering ( German : Reimeringen ) is a commune in the Moselle department in Alsace - Champagne - Ardenne - Lorraine in north - eastern France .
The Church of San Nicolás de Soria ( Spanish : Iglesia de San Nicolás ) is now only ruined remnants of a Romanesque - style , Roman Catholic , former church located in Soria , Spain .
Braslaw Lakes ( Belarusian : Браслаўскія азёры , tr . Braslawskiya azyory ; Russian : Браславские озёра , tr . Braslavskiye ozyora ) is one of the four national parks in Belarus .
In order to ensure the long term scientific exploitation of the VIRGO interferometric antenna for gravitational waves detection as well as to foster European collaboration in this upcoming field , the VIRGO funding institutions ( CNRS for France and INFN for Italy ) have created a consortium called EGO ( European Gravitational Observatory ) .
Tour Paradis ( Paradise Tower ) , also commonly named Tour des Finances de Liège ( Financial Tower of Liège ) , is a 136-metre office skyscraper located in the Guillemins area of Liège , Belgium .
Agincourt GO Station is a GO Transit railway station in the Scarborough area of Toronto , Ontario , Canada , served by Stouffville line trains .
The Krungthep Bridge ( Thai : สะพานกรุงเทพ ) is a bascule bridge ( drawbridge ) spanning the Chao Phraya river in Bangkok , Thailand .
Qarwachuku ( Quechua qarwa yellowish , chuku hat , `` yellowish hat '' , hispanicized spelling Carhuachuco ) is a mountain in the Paryaqaqa or Waruchiri mountain range in the Andes of Peru , about 5,507 metres ( 18,068 ft ) high .
Ndroq is a village and a former municipality near Tirana , the capital of Albania .
Jalan Utama Berakas is a dual carriageway divided road in Brunei - Muara District , Brunei .
Spodnja Libna ( pronounced ( ˈspoːdnja ˈliːbna ) ) is a settlement east of the town of Krško in eastern Slovenia .
Akhty ( Russian : Ахты́ ; Lezgian : Ахцагьар ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) and the administrative center of Akhtynsky District of the Republic of Dagestan , Russia , located in the south of the republic at the confluence of the Akhtychay and Samur Rivers , 254 kilometers ( 158 mi ) from Makhachkala .
Shimoni is a port village and tourist destination in southeastern Kenya near the border with Tanzania and directly across from Wasini Island .
Caravelas is a fishing village of about 20,000 inhabitants in southern Bahia , Brazil , a few miles above the mouth of the Caravelas River .
Vishwapriya Nagar or Vishwapriya Nagara is a semi - autonomous ward or residential district in Bangalore , India , sometimes referred to as Vishwapriya Layout .
Pontremoli ( Latin Apua ; Pontrémal in the local dialect ) is a small city , comune former Latin Catholic bishopric in the province of Massa and Carrara , Tuscany region , central Italy .
The River Vartry ( Irish : Abhainn Fheartraí ) is a river in the Republic of Ireland .
Obertauern is a tourist destination which is located in the Radstädter Tauern in the Salzburger Land of Austria .
The Bluff Branch , officially the Bluff Line since 2011 , is a railway line in Southland , New Zealand that links Invercargill with the port of Bluff .
Rawhitiroa is a locality in South Taranaki , New Zealand .
The Haditha Dam ( Arabic : سد حديثة‎ ) or Qadisiya Dam is an earth - fill dam on the Euphrates , north of Haditha ( Iraq ) , creating Lake Qadisiyah ( Arabic : Buhayrat al - Qadisiyyah‎ ) .
Widhwidh , also known as Widh Widh , is a small town in the northwestern Togdheer region of Somalia .
Lac de Tseuzier is an artificial lake in the canton of Valais , Switzerland .
Joghatai ( Persian : جغتائ‎ , also Romanized as Joghatāy and Jaghatāi ) is a city in and the capital of Joghatai County , in Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Lar Pasta Company ( Persian : شرکت لار ماکارون‎ -- Sherkat - e Lār Mākārūn ) is a village and company town in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Larestan County , Fars Province , Iran .
Bamaji Lake is a lake in the Albany River and James Bay drainage basins in Kenora District , Ontario , Canada located about 120 kilometres ( 75 mi ) north of Sioux Lookout .
Castello Brown is a house museum located high above the harbour of Portofino , Italy .
Cozia Monastery , erected close to Călimănești by Mircea the Elder in 1388 and housing his tomb , is one of the most valuable monuments of national medieval art and architecture in Romania .
Lucca Cathedral ( Italian : Duomo di Lucca , Cattedrale di San Martino ) is a Roman Catholic cathedral dedicated to Saint Martin in Lucca , Italy .
King - Lebel had a population of 351 in the Canada 2006 Census .
The Eredivisie ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈeːrədiˌvizi ) ; `` Honor Division '' ) is the highest echelon of professional football in the Netherlands .
Nandipur ( Urdu : نندی پور ‎ ) is an industrial town located near Gujranwala , Punjab , Pakistan .
Capel Vale Wines ( often referred to simply as Capel Vale ) is a privately owned Australian winery business based at Capel , in the Geographe wine region of Western Australia .
Wiñaw ( hispanicized spelling Huiñao ) is a mountain in the Andes of Peru , about 3,645 metres ( 11,959 ft ) high .
Langenlois ( German pronunciation : ( ˈlaŋənlɔʏs ) ) is a town in the district of Krems - Land in the Austrian state of Lower Austria .
Piereis ( Greek : Πιερείς ) is a former municipality in the Kavala regional unit , East Macedonia and Thrace , Greece .
Palmanova ( Friulian : Palme ) is a town and comune in northeastern Italy .
Metapolis is a complex of four residential skyscrapers in Hwaseong , South Korea With the ground broken in July 2006 by POSCO E&C and the buildings topped - out in August 2009 , the structures were completed in July 2010 .
The University of Sonora ( Universidad de Sonora , abbreviated as Unison ) is located in the state of Sonora , Mexico .
Parkwood School International ( PSI ) was a co - educational residential school , about 65 km away from Hyderabad , Telangana , India .
The Mathias Hansen House ( Danish : Mathias Hansens Gård ) is a former Renaissance - style townhouse on Amagertorv in central Copenhagen , Denmark .
Talarn ( Catalan pronunciation : ( təˈɫarn ) , locally : ( taˈlaɾn ) ) is a municipality in the comarca of the Pallars Jussà in Catalonia , Spain .
Buneh ( variously Jazīreh - ye Būneh ) is a low - lying island in Khuzestan , Iran .
Salers ( French pronunciation : ​(saˈlɛʁ ) , Occitan : Salèrn ) is a commune in the Cantal department in south - central France .
Gulen Church ( Norwegian : Gulen kyrkje ) is a parish church in Gulen Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county , Norway .
Miroč ( Serbian Cyrillic : Мироч ) is a mountain in eastern Serbia , between the towns of Donji Milanovac and Tekija .
The Jardin botanique du Thabor , also known as the Jardin botanique de la Ville de Rennes , is a compact but significant botanical garden located at the eastern side of the Parc du Thabor , Place Saint - Mélaine , Rennes , Ille - et - Vilaine , in the region of Brittany , France .
Imperial College Business School is a business school located in London , United Kingdom and a constituent of Imperial College London .
Michel - Pouliot Gaspé Airport or Gaspé ( Michel - Pouliot ) Airport , ( IATA : YGP , ICAO : CYGP ) , is located 3.5 nautical miles ( 6.5 km ; 4.0 mi ) west of Gaspé , Quebec , Canada .
A Legislative Consent Motion ( also known as a Sewel motion ) is a motion passed by either the Scottish Parliament , Welsh Assembly , or Northern Ireland Assembly , in which it agrees that the Parliament of the United Kingdom may pass legislation on a devolved issue over which the devolved body has regular legislative authority .
Böyük Bəhmənli ( also , Bëyuk Bekhmanli and Bëyuk - Bekhmenli ) is a village and most populous municipality in the Fizuli Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Taitung Forest Park ( Chinese : 台東森林公園 ; pinyin : Táidōng Sēnlín Gōngyuán ) is a park at Taitung City , Taitung County , Taiwan .
Ovrin ( Persian : اورين‎ , also Romanized as Ovrīn , Avarīn , and Orīn ) is a village in Hamedanak Rural District , in the Central District of Baharestan County , Tehran Province , Iran .
Mitchells & Butlers plc ( LSE : MAB ) ( also referred to as `` M&B '' ) runs around 1,600 managed pubs , bars and restaurants throughout the United Kingdom .
The Daule River is a river in Ecuador , in Guayas Province .
Folehavegård is am 18th - century farmhouse in Hørsholm , Denmark .
Sakui Kulesah ( Persian : سكوي كولسه‎ , also Romanized as Sakūī Kūlesah ; also known as Sakūkolesah ) is a village in Howmeh - ye Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Eslamabad - e Gharb County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Lehtma is a fishing village in Hiiu Parish , Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia .
Exmouth Gulf Station or Exmouth Station is a pastoral lease and sheep station located in the Gascoyne region of Western Australia .
The Kempinski Hotel Moika 22 is a five - star luxury hotel in Saint Petersburg , Russia .
The Studio de musique ancienne de Montréal is an early music vocal ensemble based in Montreal , Canada .
Trompsburg is a small agricultural town in the Free State province of South Africa off the N1 highway , the major road connection between Johannesburg and Cape Town .
Zelków ( ˈzɛlkuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zabierzów , within Kraków County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Amirabad - e Kohneh ( Persian : اميرابادكهنه‎ , also Romanized as Amīrābād - e Kohneh ; also known as Amīrābād ) is a village in Zahray - ye Bala Rural District , in the Central District of Buin Zahra County , Qazvin Province , Iran .
Nesar - e Chalab Zard ( Persian : نسارچالاب زرد‎ , also Romanized as Nesār - e Chālāb Zard and Neşār - e Chālāb Zard ) is a village in Bijnavand Rural District , in the Zagros District of Chardaval County , Ilam Province , Iran .
Blatuša ( Serbian Cyrillic : Блатуша ) is a village in Croatia .
Bregas or Vromero is a village in Vlorë County , southwestern Albania .
Navojoa Airport or Navojoa National Airport ( Spanish : Aeropuerto Nacional de Navojoa ) is a small airport located 5 miles ( 8 km ) south of Navojoa , a city located in the Mayo Valley , in the southern part of the Sonora State in Mexico .
The Homs Gap ( Arabic : فتحة حمص‎ ) ( also called the Akkar Gap ) is a relatively flat passage in the Orontes River Valley of southern Syria .
Eleftherios Venizelos Museum of Chalepa is an historic house museum in Chania , Crete , Greece .
Mudegan ( Persian : مودگان‎ , also Romanized as Mūdegān ) is a village in Gasht Rural District , in the Central District of Fuman County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Zembrze ( ˈzɛmbʐɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzozie , within Brodnica County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Veszprém ( Hungarian pronunciation : ( ˈvɛspreːm ) ; German : Weißbrunn , Slovene : Belomost ) is one of the oldest urban areas in Hungary , and a city with county rights .
The Hassel Auxiliary Dam or Hassel Dam ( German : Hasselvorsperre or Vorsperre Hassel ) is an auxiliary dam or pre - dam on the Rappbode Reservoir in the Harz mountains of central Germany .
Emamzadeh Seyyed Abu Eshaq ( Persian : امام زاده سيدابواسحاق‎ , also Romanized as Emāmzādeh Seyyed Abū Esḩāq ) is a village in Qarah Bagh Rural District , in the Central District of Shiraz County , Fars Province , Iran .
Kunszentmárton is a small town of the county of Jász - Nagykun - Szolnok , central Hungary .
Zakeri ( Persian : ذاكري‎ , also Romanized as Zākerī ; also known as Zāker ) is a village in Fathabad Rural District , in the Central District of Baft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Mappi Regency is one of the regencies ( kabupaten ) in the southern portion of Papua province of Indonesia .
Frank & Ellen Remai Arts Centre is a performing arts centre in the River Landing area of Saskatoon , Saskatchewan , Canada .
Oualidia ( pronounced `` Walidia '' ) is a little coastal village in Morocco situated between El Jadida and Safi .
Koziebrody ( kɔʑeˈbrɔdɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Raciąż , within Płońsk County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Kądzielnia ( kɔnˈd͡ʑelɲa ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Borne Sulinowo , within Szczecinek County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Advent City is an abandoned settlement located on the east side of Adventfjorden on the island of Spitsbergen in Svalbard , Norway .
Dirksland ( pronunciation ) is a town and former municipality on Goeree - Overflakkee Island in the western Netherlands , in the province of South Holland .
Kisiljevo ( Serbian Cyrillic : Кисиљево , formerly Kisilova ) is a village in north - east Serbia ( Braničevo District ) , located at municipality Veliko Gradište ( Велико Градиште ) .
Zirdan Zirun ( Persian : زيردن زيرون‎ , also Romanized as Zīrdan Zīrūn ) is a village in Jazmurian Rural District , Jazmurian District , Rudbar - e Jonubi County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Kendice ( Hungarian : Kende ) is a village and municipality in Prešov District in the Prešov Region of eastern Slovakia .
Parshevitsa ( Bulgarian : Пършевица ) is a ski resort in the Balkan Mountains of Bulgaria .
The Ichuveyem River and its basin belong to the Chukotka Autonomous Okrug administrative region of Russia .
Banyaran - e Aziz Morad ( Persian : بان ياران عزيزمراد‎ , also Romanized as Bānyārān - e ʿAzīz Morād ) is a village in Gurani Rural District , Gahvareh District , Dalahu County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
The Indus River Delta ( Sindhi : سنڌو ٽِڪور‎ ) , forms where the Indus River flows into the Arabian Sea in Pakistan .
Sułkowice ( suu̯kɔˈvʲit͡sɛ ) is a town in southern Poland , situated in the Lesser Poland Voivodeship ( since 1999 ) , previously in Kraków Voivodeship ( 1975 - -1998 ) .
Balyan Rural District ( Persian : دهستان بليان‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Kazerun County , Fars Province , Iran .
Duodao District ( simplified Chinese : 掇刀区 ; traditional Chinese : 掇刀區 ; pinyin : Duōdāo Qū ) is a district of the city of Jingmen , Hubei , People 's Republic of China .
Manidar ( Persian : منيدر‎ , also Romanized as Manīdar , Manidir , and Monīdar ) is a village in Dasturan Rural District , in the Central District of Joghatai County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
The name Alte Oder refers to an old branch of the Oder River in Brandenburg , Germany .
The Blue Lagoon Local Nature Reserve is a Local Nature Reserve in Bletchley , Milton Keynes in Buckinghamshire , United Kingdom .
Dehiwala - Mount Lavinia ( Sinhalese : දෙහිවල-ගල්කිස්ස Dehiwala - Galkissa ) , population 209,787 ( 2001 ) is the largest suburb of the capital Colombo , in Western Province , Sri Lanka .
Kiełczygłów ( kʲɛu̯ˈt͡ʂɨɡwuf ) is a village in Pajęczno County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Frączków ( ˈfrɔnt͡ʂkuf ) ( German Franczdorff ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pakosławice , within Nysa County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Qoornoq ( old spelling : Qôrnoq ) is an uninhabited fishing village in the Sermersooq municipality in southwestern Greenland .
The Jardin botanique E.M. Heckel ( 12,000 m² ) , also known as the Jardin botanique de Marseille and the Jardin botanique Borély de Marseille , is a municipal botanical garden located in the Parc Borély at 48 , Avenue Clot Bey , Marseille , Bouches - du - Rhône , Provence - Alpes - Côte d'Azur , France .
Operation al - Shabah ( English : Phantom ) was launched in May 2013 by the Iraqi Army , with the stated aim of severing contact between al - Qaeda in Iraq and the Syrian al - Nusra Front by clearing militants from the border area with Syria and Jordan .
Trzeboś ( ˈtʂɛbɔɕ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sokołów Małopolski , within Rzeszów County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Ponte Eiffel is a large bridge in Portugal .
Gujranwala Cantonment railway station ( Urdu : گوجرانوالہ کینٹ ریلوے اسٹیشن ‎ ) is located in Gujranwala cantonment area , Gujranwala district of Punjab province of the Pakistan .
Major european Airbus Defence and Space sites are located in Germany :
Umeå Södra FF is a football club from Umeå , Sweden .
Laze pri Vačah ( German : Lase ) is a small settlement east of Vače in the Municipality of Litija in central Slovenia .
Al - Tulay'i ( Arabic : السيسنية‎ , also spelled Tli'i ) is a village in northwestern Syria , administratively part of the Tartus Governorate , located southeast of Tartus .
Hadsten Grand Prix ( also known as Det Nye Løb ) is a bicycle race held in Hadsten , Denmark .
Miland Station ( Norwegian : Miland stasjon ) is an abandoned railway station on the Rjukan Line at Miland in Tinn , Norway .
Padrón ( Galician pronunciation : ( paˈðɾoŋ ) ) is a concello ( Galician for municipality ) in the Province of A Coruña , in Galicia ( Spain ) within the comarca of O Sar .
As of the 2001 India census , Hulihaidar had a population of 4,149 with 2,116 males and 2,033 females and 657 Households .
Apoyeque is a pyroclastic shield , located in the Chiltepe Peninsula Natural Reserve in Nicaragua .
Angle Pole is a locality in South Australia near Oodnadatta where the direction of the Telegraph Line changed to a more northerly direction .
Egriqash ( Persian : اگريقاش‎‎ , Kurdish : ئیندرقاش‎ , also Romanized as Egrīqāsh ; also known as Garīfāsh ) is a village in Mokriyan - e Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Mahabad County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Mahendra Highway ( Nepali : महेन्द्र राजमार्ग ) also called East West Highway ( Nepali : पुर्ब पश्चिम राजमार्ग ) runs across the Terai region of Nepal , from Mechinagar in the east to Bhim Datta in the west , cutting across the entire width of the country .
Sofipol ( sɔˈfipɔl ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gródek , within Białystok County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland , close to the border with Belarus .
Ahuroa is a locality in the Rodney District of New Zealand .
Heidesee is a municipality in the district of Dahme - Spreewald in Brandenburg , which is located in the eastern part of Germany .
Sunnaas Hospital is a hospital in Nesodden , Norway , and a health trust under Helse Sør - Øst .
The Municipality of Newcastle was a local government area in the Wheatbelt region of Western Australia , about 85 kilometres ( 53 mi ) north - east of Perth .
Palomares de Béjar is a neighborhood of Béjar , part of the autonomous community of Castile and León , in the province of Salamanca , western Spain .
Xələftala ( also , Khalaftala and Khalatala ) is a village and municipality in the Qakh Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Għajn Tuffieħa Tower ( Maltese : Torri t'Għajn Tuffieħa ) , also known as Għajn Mixkuka Tower ( Maltese : Torri t'Għajn Mixkuka ) , is a small watchtower in Għajn Tuffieħa , limits of Mġarr , Malta .
Erl is a municipality of 1,400 people in the Kufstein district in western Austria .
Buddhabatika Municipality is the consequences of integration of three Village Development Committees which consist of Jayanagar , Mahendrakot , Dubiya V.D.C. Through highway , Buddhabatika connects western Nepal to the capital Kathmandu .
Salangselva is a river in the municipalities of Salangen and Bardu in Troms , Norway .
As with numerous other sites across France , Notre Dame de Lorette became a national necropolis , sacred ground containing the graves of French and Colonial fallen , as well as an ossuary , containing the bones of those whose names were not marked .
Doña Juana volcano ( Spanish : Volcán Doña Juana ) is a stratovolcano located within the Doña Juana - Cascabel Volcanic Complex National Natural Park ( Spanish : Parque Nacional Natural Complejo Volcánico Doña Juana - Cascabel ) in Nariño Department , Colombia .
Noakhali Zilla School ( Bengali : নোয়াখালি জিলা স্কুল ) is a boy 's high school located in the Maijdee town of Noakhali , Bangladesh .
A late 19th century factory - building boom transformed Chadderton from a rural township into a major mill town -- one of several in its region -- and the second most populous urban district in the United Kingdom .
Magdagachi ( Russian : Магдага́чи ) is an urban locality ( an urban - type settlement ) and the administrative center of Magdagachinsky District of Amur Oblast , Russia , located 367 kilometers ( 228 mi ) northwest of Blagoveshchensk .
Bayandun ( Mongolian : Баяндун ) is a sum ( district ) of Dornod Province in eastern Mongolia .
The Lateran Obelisk is the largest standing ancient Egyptian obelisk in the world , and it is also the tallest obelisk in Italy , weighing 455 tons .
Pulau Reni is part of the Raja Ampat regency of the West Papua geographical and administrative region of Indonesia .
Western Cabuyao District is one of the five ( 5 ) districts of Cabuyao , in the province of Laguna , Philippines .
The Great Artesian Basin , located within Australia , is the largest and deepest artesian basin in the world , stretching over 1,700,000 square kilometres ( 660,000 sq mi ) , with measured temperatures ranging from 30 - -100 ° C ( 86 - -212 ° F ) .
Te Whanganui / Port Underwood is a sheltered harbour which forms the north - east extension of Cloudy Bay at the northeast of New Zealand 's South Island , on the east coast of the Marlborough Sounds .
Barclay Records also had operations outside France , most notably in the United States and Canada .
Dadal ( Mongolian : Дадал ) is a sum ( district ) of Khentii Province in eastern Mongolia .
Kohurestan Rural District ( Persian : دهستان كهورستان‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Khamir County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
The Maerewhenua River , also known as the Marewhenua River , is a small river in the Otago region of New Zealand 's South Island .
NATS Holdings , formerly National Air Traffic Services and commonly referred to as NATS , is the main air navigation service provider in the United Kingdom .
The Arboretum de Grignon ( 0.8 hectares ) is an arboretum located within the campus of the Institut des sciences et industries du vivant et de l'environnement ( AgroParisTech ) on Avenue Lucien Brétignières , Thiverval - Grignon , Yvelines , Île - de - France , France .
Imanta is a neighbourhood on the northwestern edge of Riga , Latvia .
Bukit Batok MRT Station ( NS2 ) is an above - ground Mass Rapid Transit station on the North South Line in Singapore , and for six years part of the Branch Line until the opening of the North South Line Woodlands Extension .
German submarine U-628 was a Type VIIC U - boat built for Nazi Germany 's Kriegsmarine for service during World War II . She was laid down on 7 August 1941 by Blohm & Voss , Hamburg as yard number 604 , launched on 29 April 1942 and commissioned on 25 June 1942 under Kapitänleutnant Heinrich Hasenschar .
Butuceni ( Ukrainian : Бутучани , Butuchany , Russian : Бутучаны , previously Ботушаны , Botushany ) is a commune in the Rîbniţa District of Transnistria , Moldova .
Mjuken or Nuken is a hill on the island of Stora Kalsøy in the municipality of Austevoll in Hordaland county , Norway .
Narce was a Faliscan settlement in Italy located 5 kilometers south of Falerii ( modern Civita Castellana ) .
The Federal Airports Authority of Nigeria has its headquarters in Ikeja on the grounds of Murtala Muhammad Airport .
Ryori is a launching site for sounding rockets in Japan at 39 ° 02′N 141 ° 50′E in Iwate Prefecture .
Riebeek - Kasteel is one of the oldest towns in South Africa , situated at 80 km north - east of Cape Town in The Riebeek Valley together with its sister town Riebeek West .
Brzozowo - Panki ( bʐɔˈzɔvɔ ˈpanki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Poświętne , within Białystok County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
The GTower building is situated on 199 , Jalan Tun Razak near the Jalan Ampang corner , in Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia .
Ramonkodogo is a town in the Ramongo Department of Boulkiemdé Province , in central western Burkina Faso , with a population of 1,583 .
Mount Talagabodas or Mount Telagabodas ( which means Mount of White Lake ( refer to white crater lake ) in Sundanese ) is a stratovolcano in West Java , Indonesia .
Makariv ( Ukrainian : Макарів , Russian : Макаров ) is an urban - type settlement in Kiev Oblast ( province ) of Ukraine .
Cubillas de Rueda ( Spanish pronunciation : ( kuˈβiʎaz ðe ˈrweða ) ) is a municipality located in the province of León , Castile and León , Spain .
Tamadjert ( also written Tamdjert or Tamadjart ) is a village in the commune of Illizi , in Illizi Province , Algeria .
Chaqa Bahram ( Persian : چقابهرام‎ , also Romanized as Chaqā Bahrām , Cheqā bahrām , Choghā Bahrām , Choghā Bahrām , and Choqā Bahrām ; also known as Bahārābād ) is a village in Zhan Rural District , in the Central District of Dorud County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Tolombeh - ye Mohajeri ( Persian : تلمبه مهاجري‎ , also Romanized as Tolombeh - ye Mohājerī ) is a village in Sar Asiab - e Farsangi Rural District , in the Central District of Kerman County , Kerman Province , Iran .
The Isles of Mosana are the two small islets of Vaitupu , Tuvalu .
Świchowo ( ɕfiˈxɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łęczyce , within Wejherowo County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The Shire of Rosalie was a local government area in the Darling Downs region of Queensland , Australia , immediately northwest of the regional city of Toowoomba .
Karbowizna ( karbɔˈvizna ) ( German : Kerben ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rogowo , within Rypin County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Qaqa Wasi or Qaqawasi ( Quechua qaqa rock , wasi house , `` rock house '' , hispanicized spelling Jajahuasi ) is a mountain in the Andes of Peru , about 4,800 metres ( 15,748 ft ) high .
The Regiment Huzaren Prins van Oranje is an armoured regiment of the Royal Netherlands Army , named after Prince Willem , Prince of Orange , eldest son of King Willem II . The regiment serves as part of 43 Gemechaniseerde ( Mechanized ) Brigade operating the Leopard 2 main battle tank .
The National Renewal Alliance or Aliança Renovadora Nacional ( ARENA ) was a conservative political party that existed in Brazil between 1966 and 1979 .
Molla Yaqub Rural District ( Persian : دهستان ملايعقوب‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Sarab County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Celje Airport ( ICAO : LJCL ) ( Slovene : Letališče Celje or Letališče Levec ) is a sport airport , located to the north of Levec near Celje in Slovenia .
The 2014 KNSB Dutch Allround Championships in speed skating was held at the Olympic Stadium ice stadium in Amsterdam , Netherlands from 28 February to 2 March 2014 .
Norra Skåne is a Swedish - language local newspaper based in Hässleholm , Sweden .
The Royal Women 's Hospital , located in the Melbourne suburb of Parkville , was Australia 's first specialist women 's hospital .
The Kungoni ( also spelled KuNgoni ) Centre of Culture and Art is a non - profit organization in central Malawi .
The Chapel of Luis de Lucena ( Spanish : Capilla de Luis de Lucena ) is a chapel located in Guadalajara , Spain .
Qosmalyan ( also , Qosməliyon , Gosmalyan , and Kasmal’yan ) is a village and municipality in the Lerik Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Gurchak ( Persian : گورچك‎ , also Romanized as Gūrchak ) is a village in Kuhsar Rural District , in the Central District of Shazand County , Markazi Province , Iran .
Hagley Community College , is a non - integrated state secondary school in inner - city Christchurch , New Zealand .
B - Rock 99.3FM ( call sign : 2BXS ) is a local radio station in Bathurst , New South Wales , Australia .
Dar'a is an area in the eastern Tigray Region of northern Ethiopia .
The Schrottenturn Manor ( Slovene : Šrotenturn , Grad Schrottenturn ) is a manor in Stražišče , a neighborhood of the town of Kranj in northwestern Slovenia .
Olang - e Asadi ( Persian : النگ اسدي‎ , also Romanized as Olang - e Āsadī ) is a village in Kenevist Rural District , in the Central District of Mashhad County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Opal Cone is a cinder cone located on the southeast flank of Mount Garibaldi in the Coast Mountains of British Columbia , Canada .
Rohati ( Persian : راحتی‎ ) is a town and jamoat in Tajikistan .
Rasos Cemetery ( Lithuanian : Rasų kapinės , Polish : cmentarz Na Rossie w Wilnie , Belarusian : Могілкі Росы ) is the oldest and most famous cemetery in the city of Vilnius , Lithuania .
XEUACH - AM is a radio station in Chapingo , State of Mexico and is the radio station of the Universidad Autónoma Chapingo .
The TT Circuit Assen is a motorsport race track built in 1955 and located in Assen , Netherlands .
Pushkar Lake or Pushkar Sarovar ( Sanskrit : पुष्कर-सरोवर ) is located in the town of Pushkar in Ajmer district of the Rajasthan state of western India .
Zodeia ( Greek : ( η ) Ζώδεια ; Turkish : Bostancı ) is a village on the island of Cyprus , east of Morphou .
Mazagón is a beach town in Andalusia , Spain near Huelva .
Rangpur Cadet College , is a military high school for boys in Rangpur , Bangladesh having about 300 cadets , 50 in each grade from 7th to 12th .
The Monastery of the Tithes ( Desyatīnny Monastery ; Russian : Десяти́нный монастырь ) is an inactive monastery or convent in Veliky Novgorod ( Russia ) , one of eight ancient monasteries of Novgorod Republic .
Cham - e Astan ( Persian : چم آستان‎ , also Romanized as Cham - e Āstān ; also known as Cham - e Āsīn ) is a village in Kuhdasht - e Shomali Rural District , in the Central District of Kuhdasht County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Stavros tis Psokas is a river of Paphos District in western Cyprus .
The Château de Pirou is a castle in the commune of Pirou , in the département of Manche ( Basse - Normandie ) , France .
Brière ( Breton : Ar Briwer ) is the marsh area to the north of the Loire estuary in France at its mouth on the Atlantic Ocean .
Mozkənd ( also , Moz ) is a village in the Kalbajar Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Nokon is a village on the southeastern coast of New Ireland , Papua New Guinea .
Hawkair ( Hawkair Aviation Services ) is a regional airline based in Terrace , British Columbia , Canada .
Thesaban ( Thai : เทศบาล , rtgs : thetsaban , pronounced ( tʰêːt.sā.bāːn ) ) are the municipalities of Thailand .
Usclas - d'Hérault ( Occitan : Usclats d'Erau ) is a commune in the Hérault department in the Languedoc - Roussillon region in southern France .
Gujan ( Persian : گوجان‎ , also Romanized as Gūjān ; also known as Gūgūn , Gujūn , and Kūjān ) is a village in Mizdej - e Olya Rural District , in the Central District of Farsan County , Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province , Iran .
Nidzica ( ɲiˈd͡ʑit͡sa ) ( former German : Neidenburg ; formerly Nibork in Polish ) is a town in the Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship in Poland , between Olsztyn and Mława .
Evrenozovo ( Bulgarian : Евренозово ) is a village in Malko Tarnovo Municipality , in Burgas Province , in southeastern Bulgaria .
Caapucú ( Guaraní : Ka'apuku ) is a town in Caapucú District in the Paraguarí Department of Paraguay , At the 2002 census it had a population of 7,249 , and is located 141 km from Asunción , the capital of the country .
Capital Baptist Theological Seminary is a Christian school with campuses in Seoul and Anseong City , Gyeonggi province , South Korea .
Babase Island is an island of the Feni Islands in Papua New Guinea , located east of New Ireland .
Odporyszów ( ɔtpɔˈrɨʂuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żabno , within Tarnów County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Tararua Forest Park , often called the Tararuas is a protected area in the Wellington region of New Zealand .
Náměšť nad Oslavou ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈnaːmɲɛʃc ˈnat ʔoslavou̯ ) ) is a town in the Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic .
Inderprastha Engineering College ( also known as IPEC ) is a private engineering college in Ghaziabad , India .
Gur Saruiyeh ( Persian : گورساروئيه‎ , also Romanized as Gūr Sārū’īyeh ; also known as Gūr - e Sārūn and Gūr Sārūn ) is a village in Rabor Rural District , in the Central District of Rabor County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Urspelt Castle ( French : Château d'Urspelt ) is located in the little village of Urspelt some 3 km ( 2 mi ) north - east of Clervaux in northern Luxembourg .
The City Hall of Chihuahua is an early 20th - century building in the city of Chihuahua , Chihuahua , Mexico .
Rogoredo ( Rogored in Lombard ) is a former municipality , currently border district ( `` quartiere '' ) of the city of Milan , Italy .
Vladimir Putin Peak ( Kyrgyz : Владимир Путин атындагы чоку , Russian : Пик Владимира Путина ) is a mountain of the Tian Shan mountain range in Kyrgyzstan .
Wuenheim ( Alemannic German : Wüene ; German : Wünheim ) is a commune in the Haut - Rhin department in Alsace - Champagne - Ardenne - Lorraine in north - eastern France .
Dosso Airport ( ICAO : DRRD ) is an airport serving Dosso in Niger .
Loosbroek is a village and parish in the southern Netherlands .
Kawartha Highlands Provincial Park ( officially called Kawartha Highlands Signature Site ) is a 375-square - kilometre ( 145 sq mi ) area of preserved wilderness and recreational areas in south - central Ontario , Canada .
Pecna ( ˈpɛt͡sna ) ( German : Petzen Hauland ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mosina , within Poznań County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
The initial market for SiteMinder was delimited to Australia , before beginning to take on clients from the UK , and then elsewhere .
Though presently degraded because of demographic causes , Sapatgram ( SPX ) was a major railway station of NF Railway connecting the North East with the rest of India having a passage through Bangladesh .
Veclaicene Parish ( Latvian : Veclaicenes pagasts ) is an administrative unit of the Alūksne Municipality , Latvia .
Girish Mancha is a theatre auditorium located in Bagbazar , Kolkata , West Bengal , India .
Volgograd International Airport ( Russian : Международный Аэропорт Волгоград ) ( IATA : VOG , ICAO : URWW ) is an airport located 15 km northwest of the city of Volgograd in Russia .
Malika Parbat ( Queen of the mountains ) ( el . 5,290 metres ( 17,356 ft ) ) is the highest peak in Kaghan Valley , Khyber Pakhtunkhwa , Pakistan about six km south of Lake Saiful Muluk near Ansoo Lake .
Lukoml ( Belarusian : Лукомль ) is a village in Lukoml selsoviet , Chashniki district , Vitsebsk Voblast , Belarus , by the Lukoml Lake .
Mexican Federal Highways are roads maintained and built by the federal government of Mexico , through the Secretariat of Communications and Transportation ( in Spanish : Secretaría de Comunicaciones y Transportes , SCT ) .
Sankt Johann in Tirol Heliport ( ICAO : LOIT ) is a public use heliport located in Sankt Johann in Tirol , Tirol , Austria .
The Museum of the Qasr Prison ( Persian : Muze ye Zendān e Qasr -- موزه‌ی زندان قصر‎‎ ) is a historical complex in Tehran , the capital city of Iran .
The One Eighty is the highest outdoor patio in Toronto , Canada .
Comilla Medical College is a government medical school near Kuchaitoli in Comilla , Bangladesh .
Central Mindanao University is a public research university located at the heart of Mindanao Island in the Philippines , specifically at University Town , Musuan ( Barangay Dologon ) , Maramag , Bukidnon .
Dhungegadhi is a town and Village Development Committee in Pyuthan , a Middle Hills district of Rapti Zone , western Nepal .
Endla Nature Reserve is a nature reserve situated in central Estonia .
Myszków County ( Polish : powiat myszkowski ) is a unit of territorial administration and local government ( powiat ) in Silesian Voivodeship , southern Poland .
Qurwari ( Aymara for mold , also spelled Ccorhuari , Jorhuari ) is a mountain in the Apolobamba mountain range in the Andes of Peru , about 5,200 metres ( 17,060 ft ) high .
Park House English School is private international English school in Doha , Qatar .
Lake Markakol ( Kazakh : Маркаколь көлі , Markakol ' köli ; Russian : озеро Маркаколь , ozero Markakol ' ) is a lake in East Kazakhstan .
Point Charles Light , also known as Charles Point Light , is an active lighthouse located on a headland at the northern end of the Cox Peninsula , 21 kilometres ( 13 mi ) northwest of Port Darwin , Northern Territory , Australia .
Western Springs College ( Māori : Nga Puna O Waiorea ) is a state co - educational secondary school in located in Western Springs , an inner suburb of Auckland , New Zealand .
Damanhour University is located in Damanhour Egypt .
Lucca railway station ( Italian : Stazione di Lucca ) serving the city and comune of Lucca , in the region of Tuscany , central Italy .
The Podvodnyye Islands ( Azerbaijani : Qutan Adası and Baburi Adasi ) are a small island group off the Azerbaijan coast in the Caspian Sea .
Þingvellir ( Icelandic : ( ˈθiŋkˌvɛtlɪr̥ ) , Thing Fields ) , anglicised as Thingvellir ( or , mistakenly , Pingvellir ) , is a place in the administrative district of Bláskógabyggð in southwestern Iceland , near the Reykjanes peninsula and the Hengill volcanic area .
Kelvin Ng ( born November 10 , 1958 ) is a former territorial and municipal level politician in Canada who was elected in both the Nunavut Legislature and Northwest Territories Legislature .
Wolf - Rüdiger Netz is a former football player from East Germany .
Mikałaj Ułaščyk ( Mikalai Ulashchyk , Belarusian language : Мікалай Улашчык , Russian : Николай Николаевич Улащик ; February 14 , 1906 - November 22 , 1986 ) was a Belarusian academic historian and archaeologist known for significant contributions to the research in the medieval history of Belarus .
Novatus Rugambwa was born on 8 October 1957 , in Bukoba , Tanzania , and was ordained priest on 6 July 1986 , for the Diocese of Bukoba .
Wakanosato Shinobu ( born July 10 , 1976 as Shinobu Kogawa ) is a retired sumo wrestler from Hirosaki , Aomori , Japan .
Zehrudin Dokle ( born in Borje , Kukës , Albania ) , is an Albanian actor and director .
David Guevara ( born 11 February 1983 Ibarra , Ecuador ) is an Ecuadorian race walker .
Robert King Anderson ( August 29 , 1861 in Trafalgar Township , Canada West -- July 4 , 1950 ) was a Canadian politician , physician and teacher .
The Japan Times Kenji Urai , Hayato Kakizawa Star in Death Note Musical -News = ANIMENEWSNETWORK
Maria Smolnikova was born in Sverdlovsk , Sverdlovsk Oblast , Russian SFSR , Soviet Union ( now Yekaterinburg , Russia ) .
The 2006 AFC Challenge Cup was held between April 1 and April 16 , 2006 in Bangladesh .
José César Ferreira Gil ( 1 November 1858 in Celorico da Beira , Portugal - 15 August 1922 in Lisbon , Portugal ) was a Portuguese Army general and a military historian .
Steve Marriner , also known as Steve Gregg ( b. 1985 in Ottawa , Canada ) is a Canadian multi - instrumentalist , singer , songwriter and record producer based in Ottawa , Ontario .
Safdar Ali Abbasi(Urdu : صفدر علی عباسی‎ born 26 December 1957 ) is a Pakistani senator and the central leader of the Pakistan Peoples Party ( PPP ) .
Rodrigo Guerrero ( born January 10 , 1988 in Mexico City ) is a Mexican professional boxer and former IBF Super Flyweight Champion .
Badamasi Maccido ( 1961 - 2006 ) was elected federal Senator for the Sokoto North constituency of Sokoto State , Nigeria in April 2003 on the All Nigeria People 's Party ( ANPP ) platform .
Ernst Lubitsch was born on January 29 , 1892 in Berlin , Germany , the son of Anna ( née Lindenstaedt ) and Simon Lubitsch ( Russian : Любич ) , a tailor .
In 1964 , after 13 years in a Gulag labour camp , Ernst Sabila was released and returned to religious activism in Belarus .
Ivan Markov ( Bulgarian : Иван Марков ; born 14 September 1988 in Burgas , Bulgaria ) is a Bulgarian weightlifter competing in the 85 kg category .
Reece Mastin ( born 24 November 1994 ) is a British - Australian singer and songwriter who won the third season of The X Factor Australia in 2011 .
Martin Berberyan ( Armenian : Մարտին Բերբերյան , born on May 22 , 1980 in Yerevan , Armenian SSR ) is a retired Freestyle wrestler from Armenia .
Leopold Loeffler , also spelled Löffler , ( October 27 , 1827 -- February 6 , 1898 ) , was a Polish realist painter of the late Romantic period popular in the second half of the 19th century under the foreign partitions of Poland .
Ulaş Bardakçı ( 1947 - -19 February 1972 ) was a socialist revolutionary and a founding member of communist organisation THKP - C in Turkey .
Claudia Kemfert ( born December 17 , 1968 in Delmenhorst , Germany ) is a German economics expert in the areas of Energy research and Environmental protection .
Mmbara Hulisani Kevin ( born 1979 ) is the former President ( 2007 - -2009 ) of PAYCO ( the Pan Africanist Youth Congress ) , a youth wing of PAC ( Pan Africanist Congress Of Azania ) in South Africa .
Marcelle Narbonne ( 25 March 1898 -- 1 January 2012 ) was , at the time of her death , the oldest living person in France and Europe .
Eric Forrest ( born 1970 in Toronto , Canada ) is a Canadian heavy metal musician .
He was born in County Tyrone , Ireland , the son of Thomas Gamey , and came to Upper Canada with his family in 1834 .
Issam Rajji ( Arabic : عصام رجي‎ ) ( born 1945 in Kfarshima , Lebanon ) was a Lebanese singer and song writer most prominent from 1970s and 80s period .
Dr Andreas Reinicke is the Ambassador of Germany to Tunisia was the Ambassador of Germany to Syria from 2008 till January 2012 .
Kira - Theresa Underberg ( born May 6 , 1985 in Hamburg , Germany ) is a German actress and radio play talker .
Francisco Argüello ( born 12 August 1982 in Villarrica , Paraguay ) is a former Paraguayan football player , who spent most of his career playing for several clubs in the Liga de Fútbol Profesional Boliviano .
George Akpabio ( born 16 November 1992 in Jos , Nigeria ) is a Nigerian professional footballer who currently plays as a striker for Chippa United in the Premier Soccer League .
Aperel ( sometimes written as Aperia ) was a Vizier of Ancient Egypt .
Engel Garcia , better known by his stage name El Jeffrey , is a merengue artist from the Dominican Republic .
Aki Ra ( sometimes written Akira ) is a former Khmer Rouge conscripted child soldier who works as a deminer and museum curator in Siem Reap , Cambodia .
Dana Stephensen ( born 1984 - -1985 in Brisbane , Australia ) is an Australian ballet dancer .
Prince Ghazi bin Muhammad of Jordan ( born October 15 , 1966 in Amman , Jordan ) is a Jordanian prince , professor of philosophy , and is a direct descendant of the Islamic prophet Muhammad .
Jesús Antonio Hernández ( born June 26 , 1988 in Los Mochis , Sinaloa , Mexico ) is an undefeated Mexican professional boxer in the Lightweight division and is trained by former World Champion , Roberto García .
Elyakim Rubinstein ( Hebrew : אליקים רובינשטיין‎ , born June 13 , 1947 ) is the Vice President of the Supreme Court of Israel .
Lana Jurčević ( born November 7 , 1984 ) is a singer - songwriter born in Zagreb , Croatia .
Sami Seliö ( born 5 May 1975 in Lohja , Finland ) is a Finnish powerboat racer and two - time Formula 1 Powerboat World Champion .
Yuval Rotem ( Hebrew : יובל רותם‎ , born March 21 , 1959 ) is an Israeli diplomat who is currently the ambassador of the State of Israel and former Ambassador to Commonwealth of Australia .
Margit Evelyn Newton ( born 1957 in Rome , Italy ) is an Italian actress who appeared in fourteen films between 1979 and 1990 .
Robyn Hughes is a local body politician in Auckland , New Zealand .
Ram Narain Agarwal is a noted scientist and aerospace engineer of India .
Hosam Maher Husein Smadi ( born 1990 ) is a citizen of Jordan who was arrested on suspicion of planning a terrorist bombing of Fountain Place , a building in Dallas , Texas , on September 24 , 2009 .
Aidan Kirk ( born 16 March 1986 ) is a rugby league player who last played in the National Rugby League for the New Zealand Warriors .
Ali Khan Samsudin , ( April 11 , 1958 -- 1 December 2006 in Kuala Lumpur ) was known as Malaysia 's `` snake king '' .
Osmán Huerta ( born June 16 , 1989 in Antofagasta , Chile ) is a Chilean footballer currently playing for Curicó Unido as a striker .
Jamie Whincup ( born 6 February 1983 in Melbourne , Victoria ) is an Australian auto racing driver who competes in the V8 Supercar Championship Series , driving for Red Bull Racing Australia .
Dierry Jean ( born 20 April 1982 in Haiti ) is a Haitian - born Canadian professional boxer fighting out of Montreal .
Christian Murchison ( born 1 November 1980 , in Singapore ) is a Singaporean race car driver .
Pierre Sarr N'Jie ( 17 July 1909 -- 11 December 1993 ) was Chief Minister of the Gambia from March 1961 to 12 June 1962 .
Alexander Arzumanyan ( Armenian : Ալեքսանդր Ռոբերտի Արզումանյան ; born December 24 , 1959 ) was Armenia 's first ambassador to the United States ( from 1992 - -1993 ) and to the United Nations ( from 1992 - -1996 ) .
Munshi Raziuddin Ahmed Khan ( 1912 - 2003 ) was a renowned Pakistani Qawwal and classical musician in India and Pakistan and a researcher of music .
Rajen Tarafdar ( born June 7 , 1917 ; died November 23 , 1987 ) was an Indian film director , actor , and screenwriter born in Rajsahi , British India ( now in Bangladesh ) .
Héctor Sosa ( born 12 May 1979 in Areguá , Paraguay ) is a Paraguayan footballer who is currently a free agent .
Matilda Alice Williams ( 1875 - -1973 ) was a New Zealand Methodist deaconess .
Nicolas de L'Hôpital ( or Hospital ) , marquis and later duc de Vitry , seigneur de Nandy et de Coubert , often referred to as Maréchal ( or Marshal ) de Vitry ( 1581 - 1644 in Nandy ) was a French noble , military leader , friend of Louis XIII and Marshal of France ( 1617 ) .
Siegfried Schnabl ( 27 February 1927 - 4 August 2015 ) was a German sexologist and psychotherapist who contributed to the work of sex education in East Germany and other nations .
Michel Emile Kfoury ( born September 15 , 1974 in Hawch al Oumara , Zahlé , Lebanon ) , known by his stage name Wael Kfoury ( وائل كفوري ) , is a Lebanese singer , musician , and songwriter .
Indi Nadarajah ( born 2 July 1959 ) is an actor and comedian based in Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia .
Corey Norman ( born 3 February 1991 in Australia ) , is an Australian aboriginal Māori rugby league player who currently plays for the Parramatta Eels in the NRL competition .
Eliades Acosta Matos ( born January 4 , 1959 in Santiago de Cuba ) is a Cuban politician , the former director of Cuba 's Jose Marti National Library ( 1997 - -2007 ) and currently head of the Committee on Culture on the Cuban Communist Party 's Central Committee .
Before assuming his duties as Mayor of Helsinki , Jussi Pajunen worked as Managing Director and as Chairman of the Board of the family firm Edvard Pajunen Ltd. With 40,000 employees , the City of Helsinki is the biggest employer in Finland .
During World War II , Mabel Miller served in the Women 's Auxiliary Australian Air Force ( WAAAF ) , from 1941 to 1944 she was stationed on airbases around Australia .
Gerard Wodarz ( August 10 , 1913 -- November 8 , 1982 ) was one of the best soccer players of interwar Poland .
Humberto Maturana ( born September 14 , 1928 , in Santiago , Chile ) is a Chilean biologist and self - help writer .
Miles Aylmer Fulton Barnett ( 30 April 1901 -- 27 March 1979 ) was a New Zealand physicist and meteorologist .
In June 1980 Lizmark won the highest ranking Welterweight title in Mexico , the NWA World Welterweight Championship when he defeated El Supremo for the title .
William Henry Peter Barber ( 10 September 1857 -- 15 January 1943 ) was a New Zealand Member of Parliament for Newtown in Wellington .
After a very difficult season for PSG , Sylvain Armand took part in the victory of PSG in the Coupe de France in the April 2006 final against Olympique de Marseille .
Mr. Gatot Taroenamihardja was Indonesia 's first attorney general .
Vassilis Papazachos ( Greek : Βασίλης Παπαζάχος ) is a Greek seismologist and author of Earthquakes of Greece .
Abdul Nabi Bangash ( Urdu : عبدالنبی بنگش b. August , 1954 ) is a Pakistani politician , businessman and member of the Senate of Pakistan , currently serving as chairperson of the Senate Committee on Federal Education and Professional Training .
Yelavarthy Nayudamma ( 10 September 1922 -- 23 June 1985 ) was a chemical engineer and a scientist killed on Air India Flight 182 ( Emperor Kanishka bombing ) .
Monty Webber ( born 25 March 1961 , in Sydney , Australia ) is an Australian cinematographer whose work is primarily surf films , with an emphasis on water photography .
Giuseppe Brioschi ( 1801 -- November 24 , 1858 ) was an Italian painter and scenic designer , active also in Austria .
On 7 June 2007 , in the Gold Cup Tournament at the Home Depot Center in Carson , Silvio Spann scored a spectacular free kick more than 40 meters out against El Salvador , but Trinidad & Tobago were defeated 2 - -1 .
Jaakko Lepola ( born 14 March 1990 ) is a Finnish football player currently playing for FC Lahti and Finland national under-21 football team .
Yule Mervyn Charles McCann ( 4 December 1899 -- 29 November 1980 ) was a naturalist in India .
Quinn Do ( born October 9 , 1975 in Vietnam ) is an American professional poker player , a restaurant owner , and a World Series of Poker bracelet winner with multiple live tournament results adding up to over $ 2.5 million in career earnings .
Gaétan D'Amours was awarded the title of Mr. Québec in 1960 , Mr. Canada in 1961 , Mr. America also in 1961 , and a 5th place as Mr. Universe in 1967 .
Apratim Majumdar ( born 1978 ) , is an Indian classical musician from Kolkata , India .
Marijan Stipetić ( also Mariyan or Marjan as well as the nickname Bibi ; 8 December 1930 -- 8 April 2011 ) was a Croatian swimmer who won two bronze medals at the European Championships of 1947 and 1950 for SFR Yugoslavia .
Before 9 months Xiang Army raised , Luo Zundian was the first existing regional and village militia forces ( Tuányǒng 團勇 and Xiāngyǒng 鄉勇 ) to against the Taiping rebellion from northern Hubei in late 1852 whole China , then he committed the vice governor of Hubei .
Christian Marclay was born on January 11 , 1955 in San Rafael , Marin County , California , to a Swiss father and an American mother and raised in Geneva , Switzerland .
Toma Tomas ( Syriac : ܬܐܘܡܐ ܬܐܘܡܐܣ‎ ) also known by his nom de guerre Abu Joseph , was an Iraqi - Assyrian politician and the leader of anti - government communist millitias ( al - Ansar ) in northern Iraq during the 1960s and 70s .
Rich Asuncion ( born January 22 , 1989 in Bohol , Philippines ) is a Filipino actress who became the First Princess of StarStruck :
Alans Siņeļņikovs ( born 14 May 1990 in Riga ) is a Latvian footballer , who is currently playing for the Latvian Higher League club FK Ventspils and Latvia national football team .
Filip Šovagović ( born 13 September 1966 in Zagreb , SR Croatia , SFR Yugoslavia ) is a Croatian actor , film director , playwright and journalist .
Nuray Mert , born in Trabzon , Turkey ( 1960 ) , is a Turkish journalist and political scientist .
According to Kint , Keyser Söze began his criminal career as a petty drug dealer in his native Turkey .
Jerry Brien ( born in Sydney , Australia ) was a rugby league footballer and coach .
Kalluri Chandramouli ( Telugu : కల్లూరి చంద్రమౌళి ) ( November 15 , 1898 -- January 21 , 1992 ) was a freedom fighter , philanthropist , scholar and a great devotee of Lord Rama , in the state of Andhra Pradesh , South India .
Alhaji Adamu Atta ( October 18 , 1927 -- May 1 , 2014 ) was the first civilian governor of the Nigerian Kwara State during the Second Republic , representing the National Party of Nigeria ( NPN ) .
Natalie MacMaster , CM ( born June 13 , 1972 ) is an award - winning fiddler from the rural community of Troy in Inverness County , Nova Scotia , Canada who plays Cape Breton fiddle music .
Mapat L. de Zatarain ( born Martha Patricia López de Zatarain in Puebla , Mexico ) is a Mexican producer .
Nusrat Jahan was born to a Muslim family in Kolkata , West Bengal , India but is originally from Noakhali , Bangladesh .
Albertino Essers ( born May 30 , 1969 in Oosterbeek , Gelderland ) is a darts player from the Netherlands , who is nicknamed The Sensation and competes in British Darts Organisation events .
Princess Teruko ( 曦子内親王 ; 1224 - -1262 ) was an Empress of Japan .
Phatt ( Ricardo Burgrust ) is a singer , songwriter , composer and producer from the Netherlands .
He should not be confused with another cyclist Lothar Meister who was competing in the same period , in the same area in East Germany .
K. K. Usha ( born 3 July 1939 ) is a former Chief Justice of the Kerala High Court , India .
Latin pop music , along with his personal life and showmanship on stage , has made Luis Miguel an icon for nearly his entire career , which started in Mexico in 1981 .
Derek Frank Lawden ( 1919 - 2008 ) was a New Zealand mathematician of English descent .
Gerardo Flores Zúñiga ( born 5 February 1986 in Xochitepec , Mexico ) is a Mexican professional footballer , who plays for Deportivo Toluca of the Liga MX , and for Mexico , mainly as a Right - Back .
Georg Schöllhammer is an Austrian curator , writer and editor , born in 1958 in Linz , Austria .
Renato Cesarini ( Italian pronunciation : ( reˈnato tʃezaˈrini ) ; 11 April 1906 -- 24 March 1969 ) was an Italian Argentine football player and coach , who also played for Juventus in Italy .
Ariano Mário Fernandes Fonsêca ( João Pessoa , April 28 , 1963 ) , better known as Ariano Fernandes is a political Brazil ian .
Catherine Bader - Bille is a paralympic athlete from Germany competing mainly in category F46 long jump events .
Hayden Ng ( Chinese : 吳海登 ; pinyin : Wú Hǎidēng ; born 20 January 1966 ) is a Singapore based Fashion designer .
Kalyan Kumar was born on 13 July 1928 in Bangalore , in the erstwhile Kingdom of Mysore of British India .
Lee Teng - hui ( born 15 January 1923 ) , sometimes called the `` father of Taiwan 's democracy '' , is a Taiwanese politician .
Lwin Moe ( Burmese : လွင်မိုး , pronounced : ( lwɪ̀ɴ mó ) ; born 1970 ) is a two - time Myanmar Academy Award winning Burmese film actor .
Don Parkinson is a New Zealand former rugby league player who represented his country in 1968 .
Hernán Vigna ( born April 26 , 1977 in Buenos Aires , Argentina ) is a former Argentine footballer currently played for clubs of Argentina , Chile , Mexico , Spain and Venezuela
Dejima Takeharu ( 出島 武春 , born March 21 , 1974 ) is a former sumo wrestler from Kanazawa , Ishikawa , Japan .
Guadalupe Borja Osorno ( April 4 , 1915 -- July 19 , 1974 ) was First Lady of Mexico from 1964 to 1970 .
Fotis Karagiolidis ( Greek : Φώτης Καραγκιολίδης ) ( born 28 August 1987 in Ptolemaida , Greece ) is a Greek footballer who plays for AEK Athens in the Football League , as a Goalkeeper .
Ilona Hlaváčková ( born March 15 , 1977 ) is a backstroke swimmer and Olympian from the Czech Republic .
Joseph - Théophile Larochelle ( November 19 , 1877 -- October 8 , 1954 ) was a politician of Quebec , Canada and a Member of the Legislative Assembly of Quebec ( MLA ) .
Tanja Andrejeva ( Macedonian : Тања Андрејева ) ( born 17 June 1978 in Skopje , Republic of Macedonia ) is a Macedonian handball goalkeeper who plays for ŽRK Metalurg and for the Macedonia women 's national handball team .
Tina Strobos ( 19 May 1920 -- 27 February 2012 ) was a Dutch physician and child psychiatrist who , while a medical student during World War II living in Amsterdam , helped shelter more than 100 Jewish refugees as part of the Dutch resistance during the Nazi occupation of The Netherlands .
Nora Mary Crawford ( née Parker , 25 June 1917 -- 1 January 1997 ) was a New Zealand policewoman .
Raymundo Deyro ( born 14 March 1928 ) is a former tennis player from the Philippines .
José Reyes Meza ( November 23 , 1924 -- October 31 , 2011 ) was a Mexican painter , costume and set designer , who helped to found a number of cultural institutions in Mexico .
Kimurayama Mamoru ( born 13 July 1981 as Mamoru Kimura ) is a former professional sumo wrestler from Wakayama Prefecture , Japan .
Frank Carmichael ( born c. 1887 ) was a trapper and a territorial level politician in Northwest Territories , Canada .
Yevgeniy Prokopov ( Ukrainian : Євген Прокопов ) is a Ukrainian sculptor who was awarded the title of Merited Artist of Ukraine .
Hanne Sophie Greve ( born 14 April 1952 in Tønsberg , Norway ) is a Norwegian judge .
André Molitor ( 1911 -- 4 June 2005 ) is a former Belgian senior civil servant of the Belgian State and former principal private secretary of King Baudouin I of Belgium from 1961 until 1977 ( 17 years ) .
Lowson Anne Fraser , Lady Cullen née Collins ( born 1951 ) was a New Zealand politician of the Labour Party .
Mahamat Saleh Annadif ( born December 25 , 1956 ) is a Chadian diplomat who served in the government of Chad as Minister of Foreign Affairs from 1997 to 2003 .
Benjamin Harrison VI 's father was Benjamin Harrison V , a wealthy planter and slave owner , who would later become one of the Founding Fathers of the United States of America .
Shahid Akhtar Qalandar , also known as Shahid Qalandari , is a Burushaski singer and poet from the Hunza Valley in the Gilgit - Baltistan region of Pakistan .
Thorbjørn Svenssen ( 22 April 1924 -- 8 January 2011 ) was a Norwegian footballer , who played a record 104 international games for Norway , and captained the side 93 times .
Brian Dunphy ( born 17 June 1974 , Dublin , Ireland ) is an Irish folk singer and son of the famous showband singer Sean Dunphy , who represented Ireland at the Eurovision Song Contest in 1967 .
Aurèle Vandendriessche ( born 4 July 1932 in Anzegem , West - Vlaanderen ) is a retired marathon runner from Belgium , who won the silver medal at the 1962 European Championships , behind Great Britain 's Brian Kilby .
Ate de Jong ( born 1953 in Aardenburg , Zeeland , Netherlands ) is a Dutch film director .
Antara Kak is an Indian film director and producer , predominantly based in India .
Mandy Boyd ( born 15 October 1991 ) is a New Zealand lawn bowls player .
Khin Yi ( Burmese : ခင်ရီ ) was the Minister for Immigration and Population of Myanmar ( Burma ) .
Tulsi Giri ( Nepali : तुलसी गिरि born 26 September 1926 ) was the Prime Minister of Nepal from 1975 to 1977 , and chairman of the Council of Ministers ( a de facto Prime Ministerial position ) between 1960 and 1963 , and again in 1964 and 1965 .
Lieutenant General Ivan Lukov died on April 17 , 1926 in Sofia , Bulgaria .
Frank Fenter was born in Johannesburg , South Africa , and moved to London , England , in 1958 , at the age of 22 , initially determined to become an actor .
Vũ Văn Ninh ( born 23 February 1955 in Nam Định Province ) is one of four Deputy Prime Ministers of Vietnam .
Arne Torp ( born 14 October 1942 in Holt , East Agder , Norway ) is a Norwegian professor of North Germanic languages in the Department of Linguistics and Scandinavian Studies at the University of Oslo .
Frank Scheffold ( Pfullendorf , Germany , 28.05.1969 ) is the head of the Soft Matter and Photonics Group in the physics department at the University of Fribourg , Switzerland .
Teodor Rygier ( 9 October 1841 , Warsaw - 18 December 1913 , Rome ) was a Polish sculptor known for his Adam Mickiewicz Monument in Kraków , Poland .
Ahmet Furkan Tarhan is a businessman in Turkey .
Stefan Curry ( born 16 May 1982 ) is a former water polo player from New Zealand .
Rienzi Crusz ( born 17 October 1925 ) is a Canadian poet born in Galle , Ceylon ( now Sri Lanka ) .
Samuel Barton Burdett ( born September 30 , 1843 in Tyendinaga , Canada West - died January 20 , 1892 ) was a politician , lawyer and lecturer .
Christophe Hurni ( born 1 December 1962 , Switzerland ) is a Swiss racing driver .
Friedrich Achleitner ( born 23 May 1930 in Schalchen , Upper Austria ) is an Austrian poet and architecture critic .
Boris Hambourg ( 8 January ( O.S. 27 December 1884 ) 1885 , Voronez , south Russia - 24 November 1954 ) was a Russian cellist who made his career in the USA , Canada , England and Europe .
Eduardo de Poli ( born February 19 , 1969 in Paraná ) is a former butterfly swimmer from Brazil .
Bojana Lečić , 1st runner - up of Miss Serbia 2011 , represented her country at the 2012 Miss World Pageant .
Marcel R.M. van den Brink ( Oegstgeest , Netherlands on November 14 , 1960 ) is a Dutch hematologist and researcher who is an expert in hematopoietic stem cell transplantation for cancer patients .
Wolter Kroes ( born in Wormerveer , Netherlands on 24 December 1968 ) is a Dutch singer with many hits .
Carlos Quipo Pilataxi ( b. May 17 , 1990 ) is an Ecuador amateur boxer who competed at the 2012 Olympics at light flyweight .
Henk Poort , born 20 January 1956 in Amsterdam , Netherlands , is a Dutch actor and singer , who mainly plays in operas and musicals .
René Lussier ( born April 15 , 1957 ) is a musician based in the province of Québec , Canada .
Jacob Otto Dietrich ( 31 August 1897 - 22 November 1952 ) was an SS - Obergruppenführer , the Press Chief of Nazi Germany , and a confidant of Adolf Hitler .
Peter Veselovský ( born November 11 , 1964 ) played on the Olympic Bronze Medal winning ice hockey team for Czechoslovakia in 1992 .
Moses Znaimer O.Ont ( born 1942 ) is a co - founder and former head of City , the first independent television station in Toronto , Canada , and the current head of ZoomerMedia .
Rattaporn Saetan ( Thai : รัฐพร แซ่ตั๋น , born January 26 , 1984 ) is a professional footballer from Thailand .
George Henry Bennett ( 1850 Buckie , Banffshire , Scotland -- 8 September 1908 Richmond , Victoria , Australia ) was a brewer and a politician .
Joseph `` Joe '' Afamasaga is a retired New Zealand professional wrestler , best known by his ringname Samoan Joe , who competed in the Australasian and South Pacific region during the 1970s and early 1980s .
Michael Levitt was born in Pretoria , South Africa , to a Jewish family from Plungė , Lithuania ; his father was Lithuanian and his mother was of Czech descent .
Nicola Mimnagh ( born c. 1986 ) is a Scottish beauty queen who was crowned Miss Scotland 2010 and also Miss United Kingdom 2010 .
Jill Saulbrey ( born 1944 ) is a former New Zealand international cricketer .
Reinaldo Dalcin ( Canoas , Rio Grande do Sul , Brazil ) is a Brazilian Model , Mechanical Engineer and the winner of the Mister Brazil 2013 .
Mammadrafi Mammadov Ismayil oglu ( Azerbaijani : Məmmədrəfi Məmmədov İsmayıl oğlu ) was Minister of Defense of Azerbaijan from September 2 , 1993 until February 6 , 1995 .
Prapart Kobkaew ( Thai : ประภาส กอบแก้ว , born October 6 , 1984 ) , is a professional footballer from Thailand .
Frans Bolweg ( 30 March 1950 -- 10 January 2015 ) was a sailor , scout , speaker , National Race Officer and since 1995 International Judge from the Netherlands .
Paweł Waloszek ( born 28 April 1938 in Świętochłowice , Poland ) is a former international motorcycle speedway rider who was second in 1970 Individual Speedway World Championship .
Natalie Weir ( born 1967 , Townsville , Queensland ) is an Australian choreographer , and Artistic Director for the Expressions Dance Company in Australia .
Patrick Makau Musyoki ( born 2 March 1985 in Manyanzwani , Eastern Province ) is a runner from Kenya .
Daniyal Gadzhiyev ( born 20 February 1986 in Daghestan ) is a Kazakhstani wrestler who competes for Republic of Kazakhstan .
Francisco Jovel Álvarez Rivera ( born November 24 , 1982 in El Salvador ) is a Salvadoran footballer who currently plays as a Defender for A.D. Isidro Metapan in the Salvadoran Premier League .
Marie Göranzon is since 1967 part of Sweden 's Royal Dramatic Theatre - ensemble .
Eva Kotthaus ( b. Eva Anna Kotthaus May 19 , 1932 in Düsseldorf , Germany ) is a German actress .
Joel Díaz ( born February 18 , 1973 in Jiquilpan , Michoacán , Mexico ) is a retired Mexican - American professional boxer , who fought in the Lightweight division .
Izaskun Bilbao Barandica ( Bermeo , March 27 , 1961 ) is a politician from the Basque Country , a region in Spain .
Luca Valdesi ( born June 18 , 1976 , in Palermo , Italy ) is a Karate world champion in both Team and Individual Kata events .
Ivana Filipović ( Serbian : Ивана Филиповић , born November 9 , 1989 in Novi Sad , SR Serbia , Yugoslavia ) is a rower from Serbia .
Tomáš Bezdeda ( born December 2 , 1985 in Žilina , Slovakia ) is a Slovak singer who rose to popularity after placing third in Slovensko Hľadá SuperStar , the Slovak version of Pop Idol , shown by STV .
David Bruce MacDonald is an Associate Professor in Political Science at the University of Guelph , Ontario , Canada .
Pierre Pleimelding ( 19 September 1952 -- 1 May 2013 ) was a French football striker and manager who obtained a cap for France .
Nguyễn Hữu Có ( 23 February 1925 -- 3 July 2012 ) served in the Army of the Republic of Vietnam , rising to the rank of Lieutenant General .
Omoseye Bolaji is an award - winning Nigerian writer who over the years has contributed phenomenally to the growth of African Literature at grassroots level in South Africa , especially in the Free State .
Andrea St. Bernard ( born 2 October 1979 in St. George 's , Grenada ) is a Grenadian taekwondo competitor .
Suphot Dhirakaosal ( Thai : นายสุพจน์ ธีรเกาศัลย์ ) is the Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the Kingdom of Thailand to the Russian Federation .
Martin Mitchell is a New Zealand and cook island professional rugby league player who currently plays for the Southport tigers A grade team in the Coast to Coast Earthmoving cup on the gold coast .
Metodyj Trochanovskij was born in Binczarowa , Poland , when it was part of the Kingdom of Galicia and Lodomeria of the Austro - Hungarian Empire , on May 5 , 1885 .
Maelle Gavet ( French : Maëlle Gavet ; born May 22 , 1978 ) is a businesswoman from France .
Dawuth Dinkhet ( Thai : ดาวุฒิ ดินเขต , born November 18 , 1983 ) simply known as Wut ( Thai : วุฒิ ) , is a professional footballer from Thailand .
Renaldo Rapheal Christians ( born 13 February 1978 in Cape Town , South Africa ) is a soccer coach who last coached with ÍBV .
Dirk Schlächter ( born 15 February 1965 , in Bad Nauheim , Germany ) is the bassist of the power metal band Gamma Ray .
Hakimullah Mehsud ( Pashto / Urdu : حکیم‌ الله محسود ; c. 1979 − 1 November 2013 ) , born Jamshed Mehsud ( جمشید محسود ) and also known as Zulfiqar Mehsud ( ذو الفقار محسود ) , was the emir of Tehrik - i - Taliban Pakistan ( TTP ) .
During the height of the European debt crisis 2011 - 2012 , Joe Lynam was business correspondent with Newsnight and travelled to Cyprus , Spain , Belgium , Italy and Ireland to cover the sense of fear in many Eurozone countries .
Daniel Akiva ( Hebrew : דניאל עקיבא ; born 1953 , Haifa , Israel ) is a musician ( guitarist ) and composer .
Ashika Pratt is a New Zealand fashion model .
Nurul Izzah Anwar ( born 19 November 1980 ) is a Malaysian politician and the daughter of Anwar Ibrahim , former Deputy Prime Minister of Malaysia and the current de facto opposition leader and leader of the PKR .
Kauê ( born August 19 , 1983 in Aracaju , Brazil ) , full name Kauê Caetano da Silva , is a Brazilian football player currently playing for Treze in left position .
Sibnarayan Ray was a Bengali thinker , educationist , philosopher and literary critic of twentieth century India .
Andreas Voßkuhle ( born 21 December 1963 in Detmold ) is a German legal scholar and the president of the Federal Constitutional Court of Germany .
Jérôme Choquette ( born January 25 , 1928 ) is a lawyer and politician in Quebec , Canada .
Arto Noras ( born 12 May 1942 in Turku ) is a Finnish cellist who is one of Finland 's most celebrated instrumentalists and amongst the most outstanding internationally acknowledged cellists of his generation .
John McMurrich ( February 3 , 1804 -- February 13 , 1883 ) was a businessman and political figure in Canada West and later Ontario .
Elvino Vardaro ( 18 June 1905 , Buenos Aires - 5 August 1971 , Cordoba , Argentina ) was an Argentine tango composer and violinist .
Ahmed Sékou Touré ( var . Ahmed Sheku Turay ) ( January 9 , 1922 -- March 26 , 1984 ) was a Guinean political leader ; head of the PDG , he was elected as the first President of Guinea , serving from 1958 to his death in 1984 .
Jujeath Nagaowa was born in Baguio City , Benguet , Philippines both of her parents were farmers later on separated during in her early childhood , forced to become independent in her high school days she live at her aunts house .
La Bohème ( Mimi ) - Aurora Opera House , Victoria , Malta Malta Felice ! - ORF Radiokulturhaus , Vienna Malta Felice ! - Salzkammergut Festwochen , Gmunden Festwochen Schloss Roith , Gmunden Lydia Caruana in Concert - Mediterranean Centre , Valletta .
Lincom appeared rarely and subsequently returned to Brazil in the 2007 summer , with CRAC .
Arthur Yap was born in Singapore , the sixth child of a carpenter and a housewife .
Emilie Winkelmann ( 8 May 1875 − 4 August 1951 ) was the first women to run an architecture practice in Germany .
He adopted the name Kai Ewans in 1927 , and led Denmark 's first big band in 1927 - 28 , thereafter leading bands in Belgium and Germany through 1931 .
Victorino Abente y Lago ( born in Mugía , Spain , June 2 , 1846 ) was a Paraguayan poet .
Juliano Son is descendant of Korean immigrants who moved to Brazil .
Jesper Fritz ( born 1985 in Malmö , Sweden ) is a Swedish pole vaulter .
António Sérgio de Sousa ( September 3 , 1883 -- February 12 , 1969 ) was an influential educationist , philosopher , journalist , sociologist and essayist from Portugal .
Abass Inusah ( born 7 August 1982 in Kumasi , Ghana ) is a footballer , who currently plays for Sheikh Russel KC .
Ferdinand Ashmall ( 9 January 1695 - 2 February 1798 ) was an English centenarian and Catholic priest for the Catholic Church in England and Wales .
Álvaro Rodríguez Echeverría ( born 1942 in San José , Costa Rica ) is the 27th superior general of the Institute of the Brothers of the Christian Schools , or De La Salle Brothers , a Catholic teaching order .
Pascale Guédot ( born 1960 , Pau in Béarn , France ) is a French architect .
Philip Stoner Twyford ( born 4 May 1963 ) , known as Phil Twyford , is a politician from New Zealand and a member of the Labour Party .
Garnet Hercules Mackley ( 9 December 1883 -- 24 April 1986 ) was a New Zealand businessman , railways manager and politician .
Valle Mäkelä ( born February 2 , 1986 , Laitila , Finland ) is a Finnish motor racing driver .
Ángel Darío Banegas Leiva ( born 22 October 1969 in Santa Bárbara , Honduras ) is a Honduran political cartoonist , former reporter , television host and politician .
Stéphane Peterhansel ( born 6 August 1965 in Échenoz - la - Méline , Haute - Saône ) is a rally racing driver from France .
Levi Zililo Mumba ( died January 1945 ) was a leading local politician and the first President of the Nyasaland African Congress ( NAC ) during the period of British colonial rule in Nyasaland , which became the independent state of Malawi in 1964 .
Five years before George Steiner 's birth , his father had moved his family from Austria to France to escape the growing threat of Nazism .
Yu In - chon was born in the city of Jeonju , North Jeolla Province , South Korea in 1951 .
Yeprem Khan ( Armenian : Եփրեմ Խան ; 1868 - -1912 ) , born Yeprem Davidian ( Armenian : Եփրեմ Դավթյան , Persian : یپرم‌خان داویدیان‎‎ ) , was an Iranian - Armenian revolutionary leader and a leading figure in the Constitutional Revolution of Iran .
Eramiha Neke Kapua ( c.1875 - -7 July 1955 ) was a New Zealand carver , tohunga and farmer .
Matthias Weischer ( born in 1973 in Rheine , West Germany ) is a painter living in Leipzig .
Peter London ( born Peter Lundén ; September 28 , 1982 in Sweden ) is a Swedish bassist most famous for being the bassist for the Swedish sleaze band Crashdïet , but he also has his own one - man - band Alter Egon .
Dankaran Touman was the first son of Naré Maghann Konaté ( father of Sundiata Keita , founder and first Emperor of the Mali Empire in the 13th century ) .
Marcus Holmes ( 1805 -- October 23 , 1872 ) was a manufacturer and politician in Ontario , Canada .
Claudia Casabianca ( 20 December 1963 , Buenos Aires ) is a retired professional tennis player from Argentina who played in the Grand Slam tournaments in the 1970s and 1980s .
Pol Sax ( born 1960 ) is a Luxembourg writer living in Berlin whose German - language novel `` U5 '' won the Servais Prize for Luxembourg literature in 2009 .
In August 2011 , Georgia 's culture minister Nika Rurua dismissed Robert Sturua as head of the Tbilisi national theatre for `` xenophobic '' comments he made earlier this year , officials reported .
Alice von Hildebrand DCSG ( born Alice Jourdain ; 11 March 1923 in Brussels , Belgium ) is a Catholic philosopher and theologian and a former professor .
Adrian Schultheiss was born in Kungsbacka , Sweden and began skating at the age of three .
William Henry Augustus Bissell ( 1814 - 1893 ) was the second bishop of Vermont in the Episcopal Church in the United States of America .
Rabbi Dr Mordechai Nurock ( Hebrew : מרדכי נורוק‎ , born Markus Nurock on 7 November 1879 , died 8 November 1962 ) was a Latvian - born Israeli who served in both the parliaments of Latvia and Israel .
Ilkka Tuomi ( born 26 September 1958 ) , a native of Finland , is noted for writings on the subject of the Internet .
Although born in the United States , Ezra Butler Eddy who was one of Canada 's most progressive manufacturers , became one of its most loyal citizens and few men of his time were more devoted to his Sovereigns institutions and more imbued with the National traditions and aspirations than was he .
He was the lead singer for the Matthew Good Band , one of Canada 's most successful alternative rock bands in the 1990s , before dissolving the band in 2002 .
Issouf Sanou ( born January 18 , 1979 in Ouagadougou ) is a footballer from Burkina Faso , who plays for Etoile Filante Ouagadougou .
Witwisit Hiranyawongkul ( Thai : พิช-วิชญ์วิสิฐ หิรัญวงษ์กุล , rtgs : Witwisit Hiranyawongkun , born July 20 , 1989 ) in Chiang Mai , Thailand , is a Thai actor and singer .
Merepeka Raukawa - Tait ( aka Mary Gayle Sims ) is a New Zealand politician and former chief executive of the Women 's Refuge organisation of New Zealand .
One of Irelands foremost singers , Eleanor Shanley , from Keshcarrigan in County Leitrim in the North West of Ireland , is renowned for her unique interpretation of Irish and Roots songs .
Ali Wardhana was one of Indonesia 's most senior economic policy - makers for over 20 years .
Mireille Bauer ( born 24 August 1951 , Barr , Alsace , northeastern France ) is a French percussionist and former member of Gong .
On 22 August 1639 Francis Day of the East India Company obtained a small strip of Land in the Coromandel Coast from Peda Venkata Raya ( a.k.a . Venkata III ) in Chandragiri as a place to build a factory and warehouse for their trading activities .
Shen Jiawei was born in Shanghai and emigrated to Australia in 1989 .
Hamish Kilgour is a New Zealand musician notable for founding The Clean along with his brother David in 1978 .
Natacha Maes ( born 15 March 1965 in Watermael - Boitsfort ) is a racing cyclist who was born in Watermael - Boitsfort , Belgium and lives in Lancing , Sussex .
Miriam Winter ( Maria Orlowski ) ( June 2 , 1933 -- July 19 , 2014 ) was born in Łódź , Poland to Tobiasz ( Tuvyeh ) Winter and Majta Laja ( Leah ) Winter , ( maiden name Kohn ) .
Ken Whiting ( born December 12 , 1974 in Ottawa , Ontario , Canada ) , was the 1997/98 World Freestyle Kayaking Champion , the 1998 Japan Open Champion , and a five - time Canadian National Champion in freestyle or whitewater kayaking .
The Most Reverend Ambrose Mathalaimuthu D.D. ( 25 July 1925 -- 15 November 2009 ) was Bishop Emeritus of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Coimbatore , India .
Martina Pretelli ( born 28 December 1988 , Borgo Maggiore ) is an athlete from San Marino who competes in the 100 metres .
Terrence Roberts was prominently featured on interviews and videos during the day Barack Obama was inaugurated as the 44th President of the United States of America .
Dwyer was born in Kingston , Jamaica , and entered the music industry as a deejay under the name Captain Sinbad on the Sound of Silence sound system , which at the time also featured Sugar Minott , with whom he recorded the `` Pressure Rock '' single .
After the liberation of France from Nazi occupation , Jacques Hélian gained huge popularity , replacing Raymond Legrand 's fame .
Cornelia Oschkenat , ( née Riefstahl , born 29 October 1961 ) is a German former track and field athlete who represented East Germany .
Mal Fletcher ( born 1957 in Melbourne , Australia ) is a media / social futurist and commentator , keynote speaker , author , business leadership consultant and broadcaster currently based in London .
Thomas Leer ( born Thomas Wishart , 1953 , Port Glasgow , Scotland ) is a Scottish musician who as well as releasing a number of albums and singles in his own right , was also one half ( the other being Claudia Brücken ) of the 1980s electropop band Act .
Lieutenant General Lê Văn Kim ( 1918 -- 28 March 1987 ) is a former general of the Army of the Republic of Vietnam .
Klaus Voormann was born in Berlin , Germany , and raised in the suburbs of North Berlin .
Frederick Augustus Ferdinand Pettrich ( 1798 -- 14 February 1872 ) was a German sculptor active in Germany , Brazil , the United States , and Italy .
Nélida Roca ( Spanish pronunciation : ( ˈneliða ˈroka ) ; May 30 , 1929 -- December 4 , 1999 ) , was one of the first showbusiness divas and sex symbols of Argentina .
Ramchandra Parab ( 1922 -- 1 August 2006 ) was a footballer who represented India in the 1948 London Olympics .
Hennadiy Vasilyev ( Ukrainian : Геннадій Андрійович Васильєв ; born on 10 March 1953 ) is a People 's Deputy of Ukraine of the 2nd , 3rd , 4th , 6th , 7th convocations , and a member of the Party of Regions fraction .
Shane Beros ( born 22 October 1973 , in Perth , Western Australia ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for Swan Districts in the West Australian Football League ( WAFL ) from 1998 to 2008 .
Hendarman Supandji ( born January 6 , 1947 ) is an Indonesian lawyer and politician from Klaten , Central Java , and a former attorney general for the country of Indonesia .
Godfrey Khotso Mokoena ( born 6 March 1985 in Heidelberg , South Africa ) is a South African athlete who specializes in the long jump and triple jump .
Christophe Bigot ( born December 23 , 1965 , Neuilly - sur - Seine France ) served as the French ambassador to Israel in the years 2009 - 2013 .
Born in Ibiono Ibom in present - day Akwa Ibom State , Nigeria , on 18 November 1925 , Philip Effiong joined the Nigerian Armed Forces on 28 July 1945 .
Ahmad Fatfat ( Arabic : أحمد فتفت‎ ) ( born 28 March 1953 ) is a Lebanese politician from Danniyeh ( Sîr ed Dannîyé ) , North Lebanon .
Jaan Ehlvest 's brother , Jüri Ehlvest , was a well - known writer in Estonia .
Josh Bradnock is a New Zealand Super Rugby rugby player .
David Cavazos began composing music at the age of eighteen and later signed with Warner Music Mexico , music label in which he found the support he needed to begin a solo career .
Carlos Alberto Madeo ( born July 31 , 1981 in Buenos Aires , Argentina ) is Argentine football midfielder who has played for Deportivo Laferrere of the Primera C in Argentina .
Vadim Borisov ( born 30 April 1955 ) is a former Russian tennis player who competed for the Soviet Union .
Bill McBirnie is a jazz and Latin flutist from Toronto , Ontario , Canada .
Major Dr. Jean - Baptiste Ouédraogo ( born June 30 , 1941 ) was President of Upper Volta ( now Burkina Faso ) from 8 November 1982 to 4 August 1983 .
The youngest of five children , Nikolai Medtner was born in Moscow on Christmas Eve 1879 , according to the Julian calendar then in use in Russia .
Jean Grolier de Servières , viscount d'Aguisy ( 1489 - 90 -- 22 October 1565 ) was Treasurer - General of France and a famous bibliophile .
Richarius was born a pagan in the late 6th century in the county of Ponthieu near Amiens in Picardy in the north - west of France .
Ricardo Pinto ( born 1961 in Lisbon , Portugal ) is a computer game programmer and fantasy novelist .
John Karlsen , sometimes credited as Charles John Karlsen or John Karlson ( born Wellington , New Zealand , October 20 , 1919 ) , is a former actor from New Zealand who was active in cinema between 1958 and 2003 .
Michal Shuldenfrei ( or Michał Szuldenfrei ) ( January 27 , 1887 - July 1 , 1965 ) was a Polish Jewish politician , lawyer , a delegate to the first Sejm of post World War II Poland .
Khadga Bahadur Bishwakarma ( Nepali : खड्ग बहादुर बिश्वकर्मा ) alias Prakanda ( प्रकाण्ड ) , born 17 May 1968 , is a Nepalese communist politician , belonging to the Communist Party of Nepal Maoist . He is spokesperson of Communist Party of Nepal Maoist .
Anil Goswami ( born 14 January 1955 ) is an Indian Administrative Service officer of Jammu and Kashmir cadre and held the post of Union Home Secretary of India in the Ministry of Home Affairs till February 2015 .
Dawn Moe ( born 1952 ) , is a former Natal and South Africa cricketer .
Richard Štochl ( born 17 December 1975 , Michalovce , Slovakia ) is a Slovak handball goalkeeper currently playing for Chekhovskiye Medvedi in Russia .
Parashkev Hadjiev ( Bulgarian : Парашкев Хаджиев ; born Sofia , Bulgaria , 27 April 1912 - 1992 ) was a Bulgarian composer .
Hanro Smitsman , born in 1967 in Breda ( Netherlands ) , is a writer and director of film and television .
Hiroki Kokubo ( 小久保 裕紀 , born October 8 , 1971 ) is a retired professional baseball player from Wakayama , Japan .
Vesa - Matti Saarakkala ( born 24 March 1984 in Kurikka , Finland ) is a Finnish Member of Parliament and a member of Kurikka 's city council .
Katarina Lilja born October 1 , 1979 is a singer from Örebro , Sweden .
Bashkim Fino ( born 12 October 1962 in Tirana ) is an Albanian politician and was the 28th Prime Minister of Albania .
Gerard Jennissen ( born February 22 , 1942 ) is an educator and former politician in Manitoba , Canada .
Dorothea Ostrelska , also known as Dosieczka , Doska and Dvärginnan Dorothea ( Dorothea the Female Dwarf ) , floruit 1577 , was a Polish Court dwarf in service of the queen of Sweden , Catherine Jagellon .
Kazimierz Kuratowski was born in Warsaw , Kingdom of Poland , then part of the Russian Empire , on 2 February 1896 .
Ashok Chaturvedi was the chief of India 's external intelligence agency the Research and Analysis Wing ( R&AW ) from 1 February 2007 to 31 January 2009 .
František Erben ( born 27 November 1874 in Praha , died 9 June 1942 in the same city ) was a gymnast from Bohemia , in what is now the Czech Republic .
Geeta Vadhera is a contemporary artist from Gurgaon , a suburb of New Delhi , India .
Jay Sonza ( born Jose Yumang Sonza on September 20 , 1955 in Macabebe , Pampanga , Philippines ) is a veteran newscaster and talk show host .
Carlos Soto ( born 20 January 1984 ) , is an Argentinian footballer who plays for Central Córdoba in Argentina , as a centre back / left back .
Teke Oruh , alias African Prince , ( born August 8 , 1978 in Lagos ) is a heavyweight professional boxer from Nigeria .
Dr. Bernadette Louise Dean is a Pakistan - based academic and educator .
She hosts a radio show in Japan called `` Lyrian Moetchao '' in which she plays Marissa Faireborn in its Transformers :
Antonio Cecere was born in Napoli , Italy , in 1978 and lived in London since 1997 .
Gary Stephens won a cap for England while at Castleford in 1979 against Wales , and won caps for Great Britain while at Castleford in 1979 against Australia ( 3 matches ) , and New Zealand ( 2 matches ) .
Juan Carlos Payano ( born December 14 , 1984 ) is a Bantamweight boxer from the Dominican Republic .
Yessica Salazar ( born Yessica Salazar González on October 16 , 1974 in Guadalajara , Jalisco , Mexico ) is a Mexican actress and model .
André Larivière ( born 1948 ) is an ecologist and anti - nuclear activist from Quebec , Canada .
The Right Hon Dr Justin Malewezi or Justin Chimera Malewezi ( born 1944 ) is a Malawian politician and a Member of Parliament for Ntchisi North in the Central Region of Malawi .
Samarendra Kundu ( born 5 October 1930- Expired ) was an Indian politician and a former Union minister of state of foreign affairs in the Government of India .
Cameron Donald ( born 28 September 1977 in Melbourne , Australia ) is a professional motorcycle racer who has raced at the Macau Grand Prix , the North West 200 and the Isle of Man TT Races .
Omer St. Germain ( 13 September 1877 -- 11 February 1949 ) was a barrister , solicitor , notary , publisher and a provincial politician from Canada .
Ghyd - Kermeliss - Holly Olonghot ( born March 15 , 1986 in Brazzaville ) is a track and field sprint athlete who competes internationally for the Republic of the Congo .
František Chvalkovský ( July 30 , 1885 , Jílové u Prahy - February 25 , 1945 ) was a Czech diplomat and the fourth foreign minister of Czechoslovakia .
Syed Zulfiqar Ali Shah Jamote ( 15 April 1941 , in Matiari - 11 March 2011 , in Karachi ) was a two time Senator and Federal Minister from Sindh , Pakistan .
( 2 ) Catharina Questiers began making a name for herself when she began writing plays for the Dutch Republic .
In August , 2012 , the President of Myanmar appointed Dr. Yin Yin Nwe as a member of an Inquiry Commission to look into communal violence in Myanmar 's Rakhine State .
Jorge Sebastián Barclay ( born 2 January 1978 ) is a former Argentine footballer who played for clubs of Argentina , Chile , Guatemala , Venezuela and Canada .
Eugène Py ( 19 May 1859 -- 26 August 1924 ) was a major early French cameraman , cinematographer and film director and is widely considered the founding pioneer of the Cinema of Argentina .
Younès Belhanda ( born 25 February 1990 ) is a French - born Moroccan international footballer who currently plays for German club Schalke 04 , on loan from Ukrainian club Dynamo Kyiv , and the Morocco national team .
Cvijetin Mijatović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Цвијетин Мијатовић ; widely known by his nickname Majo ; 8 January 1913 -- 15 November 1993 ) was a Yugoslav communist politician who once served as Chairman of the Collective Presidency of Yugoslavia .
Rafael Marques Mariano ( born May 27 , 1983 ) is a Brazilian / Turkish footballer born in Brazil who currently plays for Palmeiras primarily as a winger , but can also play as an attacking midfielder .
Carlos Bica , born in Lisbon ( Portugal ) and currently living in Berlin ( Germany ) , is a double bass player and composer .
Emanuele Pirro ( born 12 January 1962 , in Rome , Italy ) is an Italian former Formula One driver and five time Le Mans 24-hour winner .
Camila Batmanghelidjh , CBE ( /kəˈmɪlə bætmænˈɡɛlᵻdʒ/ ; Persian : کامیلا باتمانقلیچ‎‎ Kamylā Batmanghelych ; born c. 1963 ) is an Iranian - born author and former charity executive in the United Kingdom .
John Sherritt ( November 22 , 1851 -- September 14 , 1923 ) was a farmer and political figure in Ontario , Canada .
Allan Warnke ( born October 27 , 1946 ) is a former Liberal member of the Legislative Assembly of British Columbia , Canada .
Sheela Gautam was a member of the 10th,11th,12th & 13th Lok Sabha of India .
Cormac mac Airt ( son of Art ) , also known as Cormac ua Cuinn ( grandson of Conn ) or Cormac Ulfada ( long beard ) , was , according to medieval Irish legend and historical tradition , a High King of Ireland .
Vladimir Polyakov ( Russian : Виадимир Гопяков ; born April 17 , 1960 ) is a retired pole vaulter who represented the Soviet Union and later Russia .
Yernar Yerimbetov ( born February 15 , 1980 in Almaty ) is a gymnast from Kazakhstan .
Chandramani Datta is a Maithili writer born in Jitwarpur , Madhubani , Bihar , India Time of writing - 1265 AD ( Mithilabhasha Ramayana ) .
Segundo Llorente Villa was born on November 18 , 1906 in Mansilla Mayor , a little town in the Province of León in northwestern Spain .
Ruslan Poladov ( born 30 November 1979 in Sumqayit ) is an Azerbaijani football player currently playing for Zira FK in the Azerbaijan Premier League
Thierry Pauwels ( born 1957 ) is a Belgian astronomer from the Royal Observatory of Belgium .
Henry Matthew Stowell ( 1859 - -1944 ) was a notable New Zealand interpreter and genealogist .
Trinity Spooner - Neera is a current player for the New Zealand - based Hawkes Bay Magpies rugby union team .
Chhin Chhoeun ( born 10 September 1992 in Phnom Penh , Cambodia ) is Cambodian footballer , who plays for home town club National Defense Ministry in Cambodian League .
Kritsana Taiwan ( Thai : กฤษณะ ต่ายวัลย์ ; born February 4 , 1984 ) is a professional footballer from Thailand .
Alain de Mijolla , Freud et la France , 1885 - -1945 , Presses Universitaires de France , 2010 ( ISBN 2130545157 ) M.O. Poivet , René Laforgue .
Pedro Romero de Terreros ( 1710 - -1781 ) , the first Count of Regla , was a mining magnate and philanthropist in 18th century Mexico .
A R Narayanan ( 1910 - -1993 ) acted as personal assistant to Sahodaran Ayyappan when the latter was a minister in Kerala , India .
Craig Cliff ( born 1983 ) is a New Zealand short story writer and novelist .
Marta Dhanis ( born 14 October 1982 in Lisbon , Portugal ) is a Portuguese journalist and author .
Kavya Madhavan was born in 1984 in the city of Nileshwaram in Kasargod district , Kerala , India , to P. Madhavan and Shyamala .
Ara Khachatryan was born on September 13 , 1982 in Leninakan , Armenian SSR ( now Gyumri , Armenia ) , a city well known for its weightlifters .
Horomona Pohio ( 1815 - -1880 ) was a New Zealand Māori leader , missionary , assessor and land protester .
Christos Tzanis ( Greek : Χρήστος Τζάνης ; born 22 April 1985 ) is a Greek footballer who is currently playing for Panthrakikos in the Superleague Greece .
Anura Tennekoon ( born 29 October 1946 ) is a former cricketer.and captain of the Sri Lanka national cricket team .
Boisrond - Tonnerre was educated in Paris until 1798 when he returned to Haiti ( Daut 56 ) .
Moshe Levinger ( Hebrew : משה לוינגר‎‎ ; 1935 -- May 16 , 2015 ) was an Israeli Religious Zionist and an Orthodox Rabbi who since 1967 had been a leading figure in the movement to settle Jews in the territories occupied by Israel during the 1967 Six - Day War .
Håkan Samuelsson ( born 3 March 1951 in Motala , Sweden ) is a Swedish businessman who has served as Chairman of the Executive Board ( CEO ) of Volvo Cars Corporation AB since October 2012 .
Alexei Maximov ( born 1952 ) is a Soviet - born enamellist , portrait painter of European royals , and oil painter who currently resides in Saint Petersburg , Russia .
Josh Graham , ( born 1 October 1983 in Taree , New South Wales , Australia ) is a former rugby union player with the Western Force and current Australian Rugby League player .
María Luisa Ramos Urzagaste is a Bolivian woman and is the current Ambassador of Bolivia to Russia , presenting her credentials to Russian President Dmitry Medvedev on 12 October 2009 .
Horatio Frederick Phillips ( born 1845 in Streatham -- 1924 ) was an early aviation pioneer from the United Kingdom .
Raydel Hierrezuelo Aguirre ( born July 14 , 1987 in Havana City ) is a volleyball player from Cuba , who plays as a setter .
Wacharapong Tongsri ( Thai : วัชระพงษ์ทองศรี ; born February 12 , 1985 in Nakhon Nayok , Thailand ) is a Thai professional basketball player .
Aetherfx ( also Aetherfx , GeistFND , Sellafield and XungTekh ) is the EBM alias of Jacob Tugby , an electronic musician based in the United Kingdom .
Axel Gordon Hultquist , known as Gordon Hultquist ( 1904 -- 1 November 1941 ) was a New Zealand politician of the Labour Party .
Gloria Evangelina Elizondo López - Llera was born 28 April 1929 in Mexico City , Mexico to Evangelina López Llera , who was a painter .
María José Alvarado Muñoz ( 19 July 1995 -- 13 November 2014 ) was a Honduran model , TV Host and beauty paegant titleholder who was Miss Honduras World 2014 .
Georges Abi - Saber , O.L.M. ( born on May 12 , 1923 , Wadi Sette , Lebanon -- died on August 26 , 2015 ) was a Lebanese Hierarch of Maronite Church and former eparch of the Maronite Catholic Eparchy of Latakia and Maronite Catholic Eparchy of Saint Maron of Montreal .
Abel Boyer was probably born on 24 June 1667 at Castres , in Upper Languedoc , southern France .
John Sydney Swan ( 12 January 1874 -- 18 April 1936 ) ( sometimes seen as Sidney ) was a New Zealand architect , the designer of houses and churches in Wellington , New Zealand .
Martin Jacobson ( born 30 June 1987 ) is a Swedish professional poker player , originally from Stockholm , Sweden , but currently residing in London , England .
Dil Kumari Bhandari was born on 14 May 1949 in the village of Bara Puttabong in Darjeeling district , India .
Anıl Abanoz ( born March 16 , 1987 , in Adapazarı , Turkey ) is a Turkish football player .
Martin Vráblík ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈmarcɪn ˈvraːbliːk ) , born 4 July 1982 in Vsetín , Czechoslovakia ( now Czech Republic ) ) is a Czech alpine skier .
Major Yadollah Javadpour ( Persian : یدالله جوادپور‎‎ ) was a fighter pilot in the Islamic Republic of Iran Air Force , serving for the duration of the Iran--
Drora Bruck ( born December 31 , 1966 in Haifa , Israel ) is an Israeli recorder player .
Robert Genn was born in Victoria , British Columbia , Canada to an English mother and Scottish father .
Arthur Skinner ( 1874 - -1940 ) was a notable New Zealand policeman and athlete .
Barney O'Shaughnessy ( 28 February 1912 -- 27 May 2007 ) was an Australian cricketer who played a single first - class match for Western Australia .
Michiel Dudok van Heel ( 20 October 1924 -- 30 October 2003 ) was a sailor from the Netherlands .
The attempt failed , however in January 1982 a Thai Ranger squad from Pak Thong Chai , together with units from the Border Patrol Police and the Royal Thai Army , was used to force Khun Sa to move his headquarters from Ban Hin Taek across the border into Myanmar .
Guðmundur Andri Thorsson is an editor , critic , and author born in Iceland on 31 December 1957 .
Debbie Mathieson is a former association football player who represented New Zealand at an international level .
Rubén Horacio Galletti ( born 10 September 1950 in Buenos Aires ) is a former Argentine football who two Primera División championships and played for the Argentina national team .
Wenzu Mintoff is a judge in the Superior Courts of Malta .
James Rankine ( 1828 -- 8 September 1897 ) , often referred to as `` Captain Rankine '' , was a farmer , businessman and politician in the early days of the Colony of South Australia .
Washington Malianga ( 21 June 1926 -- 22 June 2014 ) is one of several leaders of the Zimbabwe African People 's Union who left ZAPU in 1963 and founded the Zimbabwe African National Union .
Rosa Lobato de Faria ( 20 April 1932 in Lisbon , Portugal -- 2 February 2010 in Lisbon ) was a Portuguese actress and writer whose career encompassed a variety of media including acting , scriptwriting , literature ( novels and poetry ) and songwriting .
Arthur Hume ( c.1838 -- 2 February 1918 ) was an Irish - born British military officer and New Zealand civil servant .
Jakob Benzelius ( February 25 , 1683 , Uppsala -- June 29 , 1747 ) was Archbishop of Uppsala in the Church of Sweden from 1744 to his death .
Ntone Edjabe was born in Douala , Cameroon , and he moved to Lagos , where he began his studies .
Seldon Hunt ( born 1969 , in Melbourne , Australia and migrated to New York in 2006 , ( now residing in Brooklyn ) ) is an artist best known for his photography and his graphic artwork ( on album covers and promotional poster ) for rock musicians .
Guido Guerrini ( born 12 January 1976 in Arezzo , Italy ) is an Italian rally driver and traveler , the first person to go from Europe to China covering the whole route by a gas - fuelled car .
Elano earned 50 caps for Brazil between 2004 and 2011 , scoring nine goals .
João Pedro da Cruz ( born 31 October 1915 , Évora , Portugal - 7 July 1981 ) known as João Cruz was a Portuguese football player who played forward for Vitória Setúbal and Sporting CP .
Cathy Olesen MLA , ( born c. 1961 ) is a politician in Alberta , Canada .
Jeffrey Xu ( born October 3 , 1988 ) , is a Chinese actor and MediaCorp artiste based in Singapore .
George Cannon McMurtry ( 14 November 1867 -- 29 September 1918 ) was a New Zealand scientist , smelting engineer , mining manager and consultant , orchardist .
In 2002 , Ammar Souayah signed as the coach of the Tunisia national team and led the team at the FIFA World Cup .
Claudia Sersun ( born Slobozia - Duşca ) is a politician and activist from Moldova .
Olav Brænden described his experience during the Nazi occupation of Norway as follows :
Mujahid Kamran ( born 23 January 1951 ) is a Pakistani theoretical physicist and the current vice - chancellor of the University of the Punjab in Lahore , Pakistan .
Francis Osborne Riviere ( born 1932 ? ) is a former Foreign Minister of Dominica .
Massive Dread ( born Dennis James , c. 1960 , Trenchtown , Jamaica -- 1994 ) was a reggae deejay who first recorded in the late 1970s for Tapper Zukie , and came to prominence in the early 1980s , touring with Byron Lee and The Dragonaires .
Vugar Aslanov ( born 1964 in Goranboy , Azerbaijan ) is a writer and journalist from Azerbaijan .
Mihai Marinescu ( born 25 January 1989 in Braşov , Romania ) is a professional Romanian racing driver currently competing in the Formula Renault 3.5 Series .
Phyllis Joyce McClean Punnett ( March 17 , 1917 -- October 12 , 2004 ) was a musician and writer known for writing the lyrics of `` Saint Vincent , Land so beautiful '' , the national anthem of Saint Vincent and the Grenadines in 1967 .
Pierre Weilbrenner ( January 17 , 1771 -- August 7 , 1840 ) was a land surveyor , merchant and political figure in Lower Canada .
Marcus Pfister ( * July 30 , 1960 in Bern , Switzerland ) is a Swiss author and illustrator of children 's picture books .
Khúc Thừa Mỹ ( chữ Hán : 曲承美 ; pinyin : Qū Chéngměi ; governed : 918 - -923 or 918 - -930 ) was a self - declared jiedushi of northern Vietnam under China 's Later Liang .
Mayra Matos Pérez ( born August 28 , 1988 in San Juan , Puerto Rico ) is a Puerto Rican actress , writer , fashion model and beauty pageant titleholder who held the title of Miss Teen International 2006 and Miss Puerto Rico Universe 2009 .
John Davies Ormond ( 1831 -- 6 October 1917 ) was a New Zealand politician whose positions included Superintendent of Hawke 's Bay Province , Minister of Public Works and member of the New Zealand Legislative Council .
Pt . Vishnu Keshav Utturkar ( Joshi ) ( 1882 - -1957 ) was an actor in Kirloskar Natak Mandali , the pioneer Marathi Natya Sangeet performing company in India .
Nguyễn Thái Nguyên , sometimes known as Vincent Nhat Le , is a Vietnamese actor raised in the rural Cà Mau Province in Vietnam .
Carlos Prio - Touzet ( born 5 February 1955 in Havana , Cuba ) , is an architect in Miami , Florida .
Pierre de Lagrené ( or Pierre Lagrené ) ( 1659 , Paris -- November 24 , 1736 , Quebec ) was a missionary in New France .
Lahcen Ikassrien is a citizen of Morocco who was held in extrajudicial detention in the United States Guantanamo Bay detainment camps , in Cuba .
Ivo Josipović ( pronounced ( ǐːʋo josǐːpoʋit͡ɕ ) ; born 28 August 1957 ) is a Croatian jurist , composer and politician who served as the 3rd President of Croatia from 2010 to 2015 .
Óscar Arias Sánchez ( born 13 September 1940 in Heredia , Costa Rica ) was President of Costa Rica from 1986 to 1990 and from 2006 to 2010 .
Horst Stramka , better known by his stage name Horst Baron , ( born 1962 in Germany ) is a German pornographic film actor .
Raden Ajeng Kustiyah Wulaningish Retno Edhi ( 1752 - -1838 ) , better known as Nyi Ageng Serang , is a National Heroine of Indonesia .
Cliff Beverley ( born 25 March 1977 in New Zealand ) is a former professional rugby league player .
Pilar Mendiola Fernández was born in Xalapa , the State capital of Veracruz , Mexico in 1971 .
Natan Bernot is a mechanical engineer , energy engineering and energy development specialist and a former Yugoslav slalom canoeist from Slovenia who competed from the mid-1950s to the late 1960s .
Wincenty Niemojowski ( 1784 - 1834 ) was a Polish political activist in Congress Poland .
Patrick Brachner ( born January 7 , 1992 in Austria ) is an alpine skier who now represents Azerbaijan .
David Blamires is a vocalist and composer and was born in Bradford , England but moved to Toronto , Canada and is one of Canada 's most versatile and sought after session musicians .
Memoar ( Indonesian ) by Ali Sadikin , Ramadhan K. H. , Jakarta Raya ( Indonesia ) Pustaka Sinar Harapan .
Kostyantyn Doroshenko ( Ukrainian : Костянтин Володимирович Дорошенко ; born 29 October 1972 , Kiev , Ukrainian SSR ) is a Ukraine Art critic , contemporary art curator , media manager , radio host of talk radio station Radio Vesti ( Ukraine ) .
Edurne Pasaban Lizarribar ( born August 1 , 1973 ) is a Basque Spanish mountaineer , from Tolosa , in the province of Gipuzkoa in the Basque Country , Spain .
Ulrike Mai ( born 6 January 1960 in Dresden , Germany as Ulrike Kunze ) is a German television , movie , voice and theater actress .
Gerhard Damköhler was born on 16 March 1908 in Klingenmunster in West Central Germany , the son of a physician .
Giacomo Vassanelli ( born May 5 , 1983 in Verona ) is a freestyle swimmer from Italy , who won the gold medal in the men 's 4×100 metres freestyle event at the 2004 European Championships .
From early 1914 to 9 February 1919 Udo von Woyrsch served with the Germany Army as an Oberleutnant ( first lieutenant ) in the Great War .
Aziz Ben Askar ( born on March 30 , 1976 in Château - Gontier , France ) is a former Moroccan footballer .
Phạm Hùng Dũng ( born on 28 September 1978 in Đà Nẵng , Vietnam ) is a retired Vietnamese football player .
Michel Auder ( born in Soissons France in 1945 ) is a French photographer and filmmaker .
Manuel Herz is an architect with his own practice in Basel , Switzerland and Cologne , Germany .
Salh d'Escola ( Occitan : ( ˈsaʎ desˈkɔlɔ ) ; fl . 1195 ) was a troubadour from Bergerac in the Périgord , a former province of France .
Arthur Somers - Cocks ( 19 May 1870 -- 9 February 1923 ) was an English - born West Indian cricketer : a right - handed batsman and right arm fast bowler who played ten first - class games for Barbados around the turn of the twentieth century .
Simbhoonath Capildeo was born in 1914 and died in 1990 was a Trinidad and Tobago prominent Hindu politician and lawyer he was born in Chaguanas .
Guy Stéphan , born October 17 , 1956 in Ploumilliau , France , is a football manager , currently an assistant coach at Olympique de Marseille .
Joseph Ngoua ( 12 May 1923 -- 1999 ) was the foreign minister of Gabon in 1963 to 1964 .
Kyaw Swa Khaing ( Burmese : ကျော်စွာခိုင် , variously spelt Kyaw Swar Khaing , Kyaw Swar Khine ) was the Minister of the President 's Office of Myanmar ( Burma ) and a former Deputy Minister for Industry-2 .
Ravindra Varma ( 9 April 1925 -- 10 October 2006 ) was the Minister for Labour and Parliamentary Affairs in the Morarji Desai Ministry in India from 1977 to 1979 .
Wojciech Jurkiewicz ( born June 21 , 1977 in Lubin ) is a Polish volleyball player , a member of Poland men 's national volleyball team in 2005 - 2007 and Polish club Transfer Bydgoszcz .
Jack Blum is a Canadian writer , producer , director , story editor , actor , educator and communications consultant based in Toronto , Ontario , Canada .
Moana Jackson is a New Zealand Māori lawyer specialising in Treaty of Waitangi and constitutional issues .
Talia Fowler is a dancer who won the 2009 So You Think You Can Dance Australia .
Tyson Keats ( born 6 June 1981 ) is a New Zealand rugby union player who currently plays for London Welsh in the English Premiership .
Fleur Saville ( born 14 July 1984 , in Auckland ) is a New Zealand television actress best known for her roles in the television sitcoms Being Eve and The Tribe in which she became known to international audiences for her portrayal of Ruby .
Van Ranst was an equestrian and Olympic champion from Belgium .
Jef Gaitan ( born September 21 , 1989 ) is a Filipino actress who first started as a TV commercial model and the year 2009 she joined Survivor Philippines Palau which was aired on GMA Network .
María Leoba Castañeda Rivas ( born Colima , Mexico ) is a law professor .
Jean Ulveling ( born 3 April 1796 in Nidderwolz - died 7 December 1878 in Luxembourg City ) was a Luxembourgian statesman , politician , and historian .
Wagneau Eloi ( born 11 September 1973 in Port - au - Prince , Haiti ) is a Haitian former international footballer , playing as a striker during his career .
During the following years Tatjana Alexander worked on three television crime movies in Germany - Tatort Wolf I m Schafpelz , Sechs Zum Essen und Unsterblich Schön - all directed by Filippos Tsitos .
Camilo Romero ( born March 30 , 1970 in Guadalajara , Jalisco ) is a retired professional footballer from Mexico , who played as a left back during his career .
James Alexander Robertson Menzies ( 21 February 1821 -- 18 August 1888 ) was the first Superintendent of the Southland Province in New Zealand from 3 August 1861 to November 1864 during its breakaway from Otago Province ( 1861 to 1870 ) .
Derek Turnbull ( born 5 December 1926 in Waikaka , New Zealand - 2 November 2006 ) was a New Zealand runner .
Pelantaro and his lieutenants Anganamon and Guaiquimilla were credited with the death of the second Spanish Governor of Chile , Martín García Óñez de Loyola , during the Battle of Curalaba on December 21 , 1598 .
Yohio was born in Stockholm , Sweden on 12 July 1995 and is the son of Tommy Rehn of the Swedish heavy metal band Corroded , and Johanna Eires .
Enmegahbowh ( c. 1820 -- June 12 , 1902 ; from Enami'egaabaw , meaning `` He that prays ( for his people while ) standing '' ; also known as John Johnson ) was the first Native American to be ordained a priest in the Episcopal Church in the United States of America .
John Riddoch ( 27 October 1827 -- 15 July 1901 ) was a pastoralist and politician in the State of South Australia , brother and business partner of George Riddoch .
Miguel Osório de Almeida ( September 1 , 1890 ; December 2 , 1952 . both in Rio de Janeiro ) was a noted Brazilian physician and scientist , brother of another scientist , Álvaro Osório de Almeida , both considered the fathers of modern physiology in Brazil .
Peter Paul Fuchs was born on October 30 , 1916 in Vienna , Austria , son of Dr. Adolf Fuchs , a well known heart specialist , and Marianne Rusicka , a piano teacher .
Yasser Ayyash ( born December 4 , 1955 in Shatana in Irbid , Jordan ) is a former Archbishop of the Melkite Greek Catholic Archeparchy of Petra and Philadelphia in Amman .
Lee Kyung - jae ( born 1954 in Takatsuki , Osaka Prefecture ) is an ethnic Korean community organiser in Japan .
Ludwig Büchner 's materialism was the founding ground for the freethinkers ' movement in Germany .
Russell Harrison is a New Zealand television presenter , vocalist and musician , best known as presenter for the televised weekly Lotto draw .
Arturo Márquez ( born 20 December 1950 ) is a Mexican composer of orchestral music who uses musical forms and styles of his native Mexico and incorporates them into his compositions .
Raised in the Congo , Mohombi and his family escaped the war - torn country for Stockholm , Sweden in 1999 when Mohombi was 13 .
Moti Lal Bohora was the chief of Nepal Police from 1993 - 1997 .
Enrique Almaraz y Santos S.T.D. ( 22 September 1847 -- 22 January 1922 ) was a Cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church and Archbishop of Seville and , later , Archbishop of Toledo and so Primate of Spain .
Kolo Christopher Laurent Roger , commonly known as Roger Kolo ( born 3 September 1943 ) , was Prime Minister of Madagascar from April 2014 to January 2015 .
Dilara Türk was born to Turkish immigrant parents in Kulmbach , Germany on July 30 , 1996 .
Magali Babin ( born 1967 ) is a musician , composer and sound artist based primarily in Montreal , Quebec , Canada .
Sofia Areal , born in Lisbon , Portugal in 1960 , is a painter .
Abdulkadir Balarabe Musa ( born 21 August 1936 ) is a left - wing Nigerian politician who was elected Governor of Kaduna State , Nigeria during the Nigerian Second Republic , holding office from October 1979 until he was impeached on 23 June 1981 .
Munna Shukla ( born December 7 , 1943 ) is a Kathak guru and choreographer of Lucknow Gharana based in New Delhi , India .
Patrick Juvet ( born 21 August 1950 , in Montreux , Switzerland ) is a former model turned singer - songwriter , who had a string of hit records in France .
Thirunalloor Karunakaran ( 8 October 1924 -- 5 July 2006 ) was a renowned poet , scholar , teacher and leftist intellectual of Kerala , India .
Tilak Pariyar ( Nepali : तिलक परियार ) is a Nepalese politician , belonging to the Communist Party of Nepal ( Maoist ) .
Kätlin Valdmets is an Estonian beauty queen and model who won the title of Miss Estonia in 2012 .
Michael Pickens ( born 7 January 1983 ) is a racecar driver from Birkenhead near Auckland , New Zealand .
Severino Varela Puente ( September 14 , 1913 -- July 29 , 1995 ) was an Uruguayan football striker who played for the Uruguay national team on 24 occasions , scoring 19 goals .
Eleni Karaindrou ( Greek : Ελένη Καραΐνδρου ) ( born 1941 ) is a Greek composer , born in the village of Teichio in Phocis , Central Greece , on November 25 , 1941 .
S. D. Shibulal ( born 1 March 1955 , in Alappuzha , India ) , better known as Shibulal , is an Indian business executive .
Theeradej Wongpuapan ( Ken ) ( Thai : ธีรเดช วงศ์พัวพันธ์ ) ( born December 3 , 1977 in Bangkok , Thailand ) , is a Thai actor , model and presenter .
Professor Justice Tawia Modibo Ocran ( September 12 , 1942 -- October 27 , 2008 ) was an academic and a Supreme Court Judge in Ghana .
Abhijit Sen is a present member of the Planning Commission of India .
Alhassan Azong ( born 18 December 1965 ) is a Ghanaian politician and the Member of Parliament ( MP ) for the Builsa South constituency in Ghana .
Linn Haug ( born 6 March 1990 ) is a Norwegian snowboarder from Trondheim , Norway .
Anthony Bonaccurso is a Paralympic alpine skier and tennis player competitor from Australia .
George Arthur Brethen ( born August 29 , 1877 in Norwood , Ontario , Canada - died January 31 , 1968 ) was a Canadian politician and farmer .
Sarah Podorieszach ( born June 5 , 1989 ) is a Canadian - born , Italian luger who has competed since 2001 and for Italy since 2005 .
N.E. Balaram ( Njalile Veettil Edavalathu Balaraman ) ( 1919 - -1994 ) was one of the founding leaders of the communist movement in Kerala , India .
Arkady Mikhailovich Chernetsky ( Russian : Арка́дий Миха́йлович Черне́цкий ) ( born May 8 , 1950 ) is a Russian politician who has served as Mayor of Yekaterinburg , Sverdlovsk Oblast , Russia since January 1992 to November 2 , 2010 .
Myra Cohen ( 12 May 1892 - -16 November 1959 ) was a New Zealand barber , dental assistant , entertainer and milliner .
Gwgon ap Meurig ( died c. 871 ) was a 9th - century king of Ceredigion and Ystrad Tywi ( i.e. , Seisyllwg ) in southwest Wales .
Saeid Shirini or Saad Shirini ( سعید شیرینی in Persian , born on 6 January 1963 in Tehran , Iran ) is an Iranian businessman and the former team manager of Persepolis .
Alhaji Sheikh Abubakre Sidiq Bello ( Aiyepe ) RTA born in Aiyepe town of Ijebu , Ogun State Nigeria some decades ago .
Caroline Amelia Elizabeth of Brunswick - Wolfenbüttel ( 17 May 1768 -- 7 August 1821 ) , best known as Caroline of Brunswick , was Queen of the United Kingdom as the wife of King George IV from 29 January 1820 until her death in 1821 .
Patrick Bellew is an environmental engineer , one of United Kingdom 's Royal Designers and a Chartered Building services engineer .
Mark Allan Robinson ( born January 20 , 1975 in Penticton , British Columbia , Canada ) was the proponent of the first successful campaign in Canadian history to remove an elected politician from public office by use of a recall petition .
Gaspard Wuta Mayi , commonly known as Wuta Mayi , is a soukous recording artist , composer and vocalist , in the Democratic Republic of the Congo ( DRC ) .
Born in Santiago de Cuba , Anier García established his credentials early , by winning the 1995 Pan American Junior Championships .
Volker Mai ( born 3 May 1966 in Templin ) is a former triple jumper who represented East Germany .
Cecilia Ragnarsson ( born July 3 , 1986 in Sala ) is a Swedish actress , model and beauty pageant titleholder and winner of Miss International Sweden 2010 .
Ludvik Zajc ( 1943 - -2011 ) was a ski jumper who competed for Yugoslavia .
Omar Ould Hamaha ( or Oumar Ould Hamaha , Hakka ; 5 July 1963 - March 8 , 2014 ) was an Islamist militia commander from Northern Mali .
Juan Daniel Cardellino de San Vicente ( March 4 , 1942 -- September 8 , 2007 ) was a football ( soccer ) referee from Uruguay , who officiated at two FIFA World Cups : 1982 ( two matches ) and 1990 ( one match ) .
Michala Petri ( born 7 July 1958 in Copenhagen , Denmark ) is a Danish recorder player .
Justin Quek ( 郭文秀 , pinyin : Guō Wénxìu ; born on 30 March 1962 in Singapore ) is a Singaporean chef based in Singapore .
Andi Lila ( born 12 February 1986 in Kavajë ) is an Albanian footballer who plays for Greek club PAS Giannina and the Albania national team .
Donatas Montvydas ( born 22 October 1987 ) , better known by his stage name Donny Montell , is a Lithuanian singer - songwriter who represented Lithuania at the Eurovision Song Contest 2012 , held in Baku , Azerbaijan .
Oleksandr Sytnyk ( born 2 January 1985 , Ukraine ) is a professional Ukrainian football defender .
Vincent Ribeton is a French Roman Catholic priest , and the regional superior of the Priestly Fraternity of St. Peter in France , one of the largest missions for the fraternity .
Emin Iskenderov ( Эмин Искендеров ; Moscow , 15 February 1976 ) is a Russia - born real estate developer and businessman based in Paris ( France ) and known for the mixed use twin towers project Hermitage Plaza .
Grigore II Ghica was Voivode ( Prince ) of Moldavia at four different intervals -- from October 1726 to April 16 , 1733 , from November 27 , 1735 to 14 September 1739 , from October 1739 to September 1741 and from May 1747 to April 1748 -- and twice Voivode ( Prince ) of Wallachia :
Nông Văn Vân ( 農文雲 , ? --1835 ) was the leader of a peasant revolt in Vietnam from 1833 - 1835 .
Isidro Chávez Espinoza ( born Angostura , Sinaloa , Mexico , 29 October 1981 ) , better known as Espinoza Paz , is a Latin Grammy nominated Mexican musician and composer of Mexican Regional music .
Stuart Chambers ( born 14 September 1937 in Auckland ) is a New Zealand ornithologist .
Ali Samereh ( born November 23 , 1977 in Rafsanjan , Iran ) is a retired Iranian football player who played for famous Iranian clubs , Fajr Sepasi , Esteghlal and Mes Kerman .
Before Ole Scheeren joined Rem Koolhaas and OMA in 1995 and became partner in 2002 , he worked for architecture firms in Germany ; collaborated with 2x4 , a graphic design firm in New York ; and was engaged in a range of projects through his own studio in the United Kingdom .
Aung Kyi is a retired major general in the Myanmar Armed Forces .
Bernd Luz ( born May 20 , 1966 in Rottweil , Germany ) is a contemporary German visual artist and communication designer , whose work bridges the divide between independent art and commissioned work , the abstract and objective .
Pierre - Louis Dieufaite ( né Jude Dieuly Pierre - Louis ) ( October 13 , 1983 -- November 6 , 2014 ) was a Haitian actor , best known for his supporting role in the award - winning film Love Me Haiti , the first and only film he ever starred in and became a stellar .
Renée Doria ( born 13 February 1921 ) is a French opera singer , one of the leading lyric coloratura sopranos of her era in France .
Sonika Keturah Jermina Mckie ( born October 21 , 1988 ) , known mononymously as Sonika , is a Grenadian singer - songwriter and recording artist , based in the Eastern Caribbean island of Grenada .
Stewart Downing ( born 22 July 1984 ) is an English professional footballer who plays for Middlesbrough and the England national team .
Bernard Chrzanowski ( 27 July 1861 , Wojnowice , Nowy Tomyśl County - 12 December 1944 , Konstancin ) was a Polish social and political activist , president of the Union of the Greater Poland Falcons ( Związek Sokołów Wielkopolskich ) `` Sokół '' .
György Jánosi was the Chairman of the National Assembly of Hungary 's Committee of Education between 1996 and 2010 .
Chenrop Samphaodi ( Thai : เจนรบ สำเภาดี , born June 2 , 1995 ) , simply known as Chen ( Thai : เจน ) , is a professional footballer from Thailand .
Heini Otto ( born 24 August 1954 in Amsterdam , North Holland ) is a retired football player from the Netherlands .
Frank Winfird Millar ( 20 September 1885 - -4 September 1944 ) was a notable New Zealand public servant and union official .
Andrea Bacci is a race car driver born in Florence , Italy on 14 April 1972 .
Anthony O'Neill ( born 1964 in Melbourne Australia ) is a fiction writer .
With his successful ruling in both military and civil matters , Trần Thánh Tông was considered as one of the greatest emperors of not only the Trần dynasty but also the whole dynastic era in the History of Vietnam .
Luis Moglia Barth ( April 12 , 1903 - June 18 , 1984 in Buenos Aires ) was an Argentine film director and screenwriter , and one of the influential directors in the Cinema of Argentina of the classic era .
Frederick George Gurnsey ( 18 January 1868 - -23 October 1953 ) was a New Zealand carver and art teacher .
Christine Arthur ( born 26 August 1963 in Stratford , New Zealand ) played field hockey for New Zealand in the 1980s and 1990s .
Mustapha Tettey Addy ( born 1942 in Avenor , Accra , Ghana ) is a Ghanaian master drummer and ethnomusicologist .
Beqir Balluku ( February 14 , 1917 -- November 5 , 1974 ) was an Albanian politician , military leader , and Minister of Defense of Albania .
Benjamin Pettit , better known by his stage name DJ Zinc , is a DJ from the United Kingdom .
Bharat Ram Meghwal ( born 11 Jan 1956 ) is an Indian Politician belonging to the Indian National Congress . He was elected to the Lok Sabha , lower house of the Parliament of India from Ganganagar Rajasthan in 2009 .
Stefano Vavoli ( born 30 December 1960 in Terracina , Italy ) is an Italian retired footballer .
However , it is possible that Zosimus confused this usurper with Lucius Julius Aurelius Sulpicius Severus Uranius Antoninus , who , according to numismatical evidence , reigned much later : in Syria , in 254 , coins were struck bearing his name .
Baruto Kaito ( 把瑠都 凱斗 , born 5 November 1984 as Kaido Höövelson ) is a former professional sumo wrestler and current mixed martial arts fighter from Estonia .
Osmel Sousa was born in Rodas , a town in the province of Cienfuegos in Cuba .
Mirza Azeem Baig Chughtai ( December 30 , 1928 -- February 17 , 2009 ) , known in literary circles by his pen name Shabnam Romani ( Urdu : شبنم رومانی ‎ ) , was a renowned Urdu poet based in Karachi , Pakistan .
Professor Dato ' Dr. Muhamad Rasat Muhamad ( 1953 - 2015 ) was the third president of the Multimedia University ( MMU ) in Malaysia .
Gizella Bodnár ( born October 18 , 1926 in Miskolc , Hungary ) known as Repülős Gizi ( `` Airplane Gizi '' ) is a Hungarian criminal , who became known in the early 1950s .
Elizabeth Ann Jolene Luciano Winsett ( born October 31 , 1949 ) , known by the stage name Liza Lorena , is a Filipino former beauty queen and multi - awarded actress in the Philippines .
Vlad Mugur ( b. June 22 , 1927 , Bucharest , Romania ; d. July 22 , 2001 , Munich , Germany ) was a Romanian - born German theater director .
Nadya Romeo ( sometimes Nadia Romeo ) ( born 1 June 1971 in Perth , Western Australia ) ) is a wheelchair basketball player from Australia .
Blyth Tait ( born 10 May 1961 in Whangarei ) is a New Zealand equestrian .
Enrique Rabinovich Pollack better known as Enrique Novi ( born April 21 , 1947 in Mexico City , Mexico ) , is an Mexican actor .
Esteri Tomula ( October 31 , 1920 in Helsinki , Finland -- 1998 ) was a designer who worked at the Arabia ceramics factory in Helsinki , Finland from 1947 - 1984 .
Chintaman Vinayak Vaidya ( 1861 - -1938 ) was a Marathi - language historian and writer from Maharashtra , India .
Qazim Koculi ( August 22 , 1887 -- January 2 , 1943 ) was an Albanian politician of the early 20th century and one - day acting Prime Minister of Albania .
Robert Patterson Grant ( April 12 , 1814 -- November 13 , 1892 ) was a Scottish - born merchant and political figure in Nova Scotia , Canada .
Fernando Vallejo Rendón ( born 1942 in Medellín , Colombia ) is a novelist , filmmaker and essayist , born in Colombia .
Nicola Pellegrini ( born Milan , Italy , 1962 ) is an artist , curator , and architect ; a conceptual artist working with photography , installation and video .
Obdulio Diano ( October 27 , 1919 in Bernal , Argentina -- February 19 , 2007 in Mar del Plata , Argentina ) is a former Argentine footballer currently played for clubs of Argentine and Chile .
Kuldip Singh ( born 1 January 1932 ) is an Indian attorney and former member of the Supreme Court of India .
Salvador Yaméogo is a politician who held the position of Minister of Transportation and Tourism in the government of Burkina Faso .
Pearce Hanley ( born 1988 in Ireland ) is an Australian rules footballer playing with the Brisbane Lions in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) .
Nizar Hamdoon ( 1944 - July 4 , 2003 ) was Iraq 's ambassador to United States from 1984 to 1988 and the United Nations from 1992 to 1998 .
Guillermo Wiese de Osma ( 1927 in Paris -- April 27 , 1999 in Lima , Peru ) was a Peruvian businessman and lawyer .
David Mitrani Arenal ( born May 12 , 1966 in Havana , Cuba ) is a Cuban writer , belonging to a generation that once was called novísimos .
Kora Karvouni ( Greek : Κόρα Καρβούνη ) ( born 22 April 1980 in Athens , Greece ) is a Greek stage and television actress .
Ahmad Ahi ( Persian : احمد آهی‎ ; born 1985 ) is an Iranian footballer who currently plays for Malavan in the Iran 's Premier Football League .
María Negroni ( born 1951 Rosario , Argentina ) is an Argentinian poet , essayist , novelist and translator .
Sylvian Mahuza ( born 29 July 1993 in George , South Africa ) is a South African rugby union player , currently playing with Varsity Cup side NWU Pukke .
Ronnie Wong Man - chiu , JP ( Chinese : 王敏超 , born 3 April 1952 ) is a Hong Kong politician , businessman and retired swimmer .
Born on October 27 , 1951 in Rome , Italy , Yordano moved with his parents to Caracas at an early age and was educated in the common schools there .
Ali Shakouri - Rad ( علی شکوری راد ) is an Iranian reformist politician and a member of Islamic Iran Participation Front 's Central Council .
Yuri Romanov ( born 24 July 1982 , Minsk , Belarus ) is a Belarusian professional boxer who fights in the lightweight division .
Loyola Sullivan ( born April 3 , 1949 ) served as Canada 's Ambassador for Fisheries Conservation from 2007 until 2011 and is a former Member of the House of Assembly in Newfoundland and Labrador .
Nikolai Bartossik was born on April 5 , 1951 , in the Polkivnyche ( Ivanky ) Mankiwskyi Raion ( District ) in Cherkasy Oblast , Ukraine .
On August 29 , 1978 , shortly before the 1979 Islamic Revolution in Iran , Hayedeh emigrated to the United Kingdom .
In 1746 - -1749 Ivan Argunov studied painting with a German artist named Georg Grooth who at the time was in the employ of the Empress Elizabeth of Russia .
In the 1970s , Mary Bauermeister returned to Germany and began to occupy herself with marginal sciences , for example Geomancy , the science of energy structures in the earth .
Sergey Budalov ( Russian : Серге́й Будалов ) ( born in 1949 ) is a retired high jumper who represented the Soviet Union .
Oleg Rykhlevich ( Russian : Олег Рухлевич ; born July 2 , 1974 ) is a retired freestyle swimmer from Belarus , who won the bronze medal in the men 's 100 m freestyle event at the 1997 European Championships in Seville , Spain .
Ana Luísa Amaral was born in Lisbon , in 1956 , and lives in the north of Portugal .
Vladimir Anatolyevich Yakovlev ( Russian : Влади́мир Анато́льевич Я́ковлев ; IPA : ( vlɐˈdʲimʲɪr ɐnɐˈtolʲɪvʲɪtɕ ˈjakəvlʲɪf ) ; born November 25 , 1944 , in Olyokminsk , Yakutia , Soviet Union ) is a Russian politician , currently retired .
Yukari Tachibana ( 橘 ゆかり Tachibana Yukari ; born 8 October 1965 in Tokyo , Japan ) is a Japanese actress .
Alfonso Chase ( born 1944 in Cartago , Costa Rica ) is a contemporary Costa Rican author .
Sir James Douglas , 2nd Earl of Douglas and Mar ( c. 1358 -- 14 August 1388 ) was an influential and powerful magnate in the Kingdom of Scotland .
José Eliseo Salamanca Bermúdez ( born October 24 , 1979 in San Rafael Oriente , El Salvador ) is a Salvadoran professional football player .
Karlheinz Smieszek ( born 5 August 1948 in Kitzingen , Bavaria ) is a sports shooter and Olympic Champion for West Germany .
Andrew Stanley Keyworth ( 2 December 1923 - -25 July 1996 ) was a New Zealand master mariner .
Moloya Goswami ( Assamese : মলয়া গোস্বামী ) is a popular actress from Assam , India .
Shridhar Phadke ( Marathi : श्रीधर फडके , born 9 September 1950 ) is a composer and a singer from Maharashtra , India .
William Mowbray ( 25 December 1835 -- 21 June 1916 ) was a New Zealand teacher and musician .
István Stadinger ( born 27 January 1927 ) is a former Hungarian politician , who served as Speaker of the National Assembly of Hungary between 1988 and 1989 , until his resignation .
Laksmi Rodríguez de la Sierra Solórzano ( born November 19 , 1985 in San Cristóbal ) is a Venezuelan model and Miss Venezuela International 2008 .
Eduardo Nascimento ( born 1944 in Luanda , Portuguese Angola ) is an Angolan singer , best known for his participation on behalf of Portugal in the 1967 Eurovision Song Contest .
Mirosław Chmara ( born 9 May 1964 in Bydgoszcz ) is a retired pole vaulter from Poland .
T. M. Chidambara Ragunathan ( Tamil : தொ. மு. சிதம்பர ரகுநாதன் , 20 October 1923 -- 31 December 2001 ) , was a Tamil , writer , translator , journalist and literary critic from Tamil Nadu , India .
Miroslav Bukovsky ( born Czechoslovakia ) is one of Australia 's leading jazz trumpeters and composer / arrangers .
Athalaric ( 516 -- 2 October 534 ) was the King of the Ostrogoths in Italy .
Martin Terefe ( born 1969 , Stockholm , Sweden ) is a Swedish record producer and songwriter , now living and working in London who has produced Grammy , Brit and Juno award -winning albums with artists like Jason Mraz , James Morrison and KT Tunstall .
Shin A - lam ( Korean : 신아람 , born 23 September 1986 in Geumsan , Chungcheongnam - do ) is a épée fencer from South Korea .
Paolo Federico Nocito ( Milan , Italy , 8 September 1974 ) , better known as Paolo Noise is an italian radio host , known to be in the show Lo Zoo di 105 broadcast by Radio 105 Network .
Yair Lemos ( born December 2 , 1986 in Santana do Livramento , Brazil ) is a Brazilian footballer currently playing for Cerrito of the Uruguayan Primera División .
Domenico Scandella ( 1532 - -1599 ) , also known as Menocchio , was a miller from Montereale , Italy , who in the 16th century was tried by the Inquisition for his unorthodox religious views , and burnt at the stake for heresy in 1599 .
Mohammed Ajeeb CBE is a former Lord Mayor of Bradford , and was the first Asian ( Pakistani ) Lord Mayor in the United Kingdom .
Suleiman Nyambui ( born February 13 , 1953 ) is a former track athlete from Tanzania who specialized in various long - distance disciplines .
Frederick Nelson Jones ( F N Jones ) ( 4 May 1881 - -29 August 1962 ) was a New Zealand saddler , photographer , amusement park owner and inventor .
Christian Giantomassi ( born April 22 , 1973 in Badia Polesine , Veneto ) is a former professional boxer from Italy , who won a bronze medal in the lightweight division ( -- 60 kg ) at the 1996 European Amateur Boxing Championships in Vejle , Denmark , alongside Vahdettin İşsever from Turkey .
Lando Fiorini ( born Leopoldo Fiorini in Rome , Italy 27 January 1938 ) is an Italian actor and singer .
Marc Marzenit ( born Marc Martínez on March 27 , 1983 ) is a DJ and music producer from Barcelona , Spain .
Rosemarie Wenner ( born July 1 , 1955 in Eppingen , Heilbronn , Baden - Württemberg ) is the current Presiding Bishop of the United Methodist Church in Germany .
Varghese Johnson ( born April 28 , 1982 ) is an amateur boxer from India who repeatedly medaled in the Super Heavyweight ( + 91 kg ) division .
Hasan Saka ( 1885 , Akçaabat -- 29 July 1960 ) was a Turkish politician , Minister of Foreign Affairs , and Prime Minister of Turkey .
Max Hauke ( born August 29 , 1992 ) is a cross country skier from Austria .
Tshifhiwa Munyai is a professional boxer from South Africa who has competed in the bantamweight and featherweight divisions .
Beatriz Alexim Nunes ( born April 4 , 1958 in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil ) better known as Bia Nunnes , is a Brazilian actress .
Nico Stehr ( born 19 March 1942 ) is `` Karl Mannheim Professor for Cultural Studies '' at the Zeppelin University in Friedrichshafen / Germany and Founding Director of the European Center for Sustainability Research .
Franz Krieger ( 1914 - -1993 ) , was an Austrian businessman and photographer from Salzburg , Austria whose collection includes 35,000 photographs taken during the rise of Hitler , World War II , and the reconstruction afterwards .
Véronique Fortin ( born 22 January 1980 ) is a Canadian racing cyclist originally from St Georges de Beauce , Quebec , Canada .
François Demol ( born 19 August 1895 in Beersel ) , nicknamed Protje , was a former Belgian international footballer and manager of Belgium .
Thomas - Michael Gribow was conductor of the Akademische Orchestervereinigung in Göttingen , Germany from 1991 - 2003 .
Essa Ismail Rashed ( Arabic : عيسى اسماعيل راشد ; born Daniel Kipkosgei on 14 December 1986 ) is a long - distance runner now representing Qatar after his switch from Kenya in 2004 .
Hasmik Karapetyan ( in Armenian Հասմիկ Կարապետյան ) ( born in Yerevan , Armenia on 4 July 1977 ) is an Armenian pop singer .
Alba Mujica ( née Alba Mugica ; 1916 in Carhué -- 1983 in Buenos Aires ) was an Argentina film and stage actress .
Jon Ballantyne ( born 1963 in Saskatchewan , Canada ) is a pianist and composer who resides in New York City .
James Shankar Singh ( May 10 , 1924 -- July 27 , 2014 ) was a Fiji Indian farmer , businessman , social worker and politician who served as a Minister in the Alliance Government of Ratu Sir Kamisese Mara .
Gilbert Le Chenadec ( born 13 July 1938 in Languidic ) is a retired French footballer who represented the France national football team .
Lin Sen ( Chinese : 林森 ; pinyin : Lín Sēn ; March 16 , 1868 -- August 1 , 1943 ) , courtesy name Zichao ( 子超 ) , sobriquet Changren ( 長仁 ) , was Chairman of the National Government of the Republic of China from 1931 until his death .
Homenaje a Ricardo Maliandi , Universidad Nacional de Río Cuarto , Argentina , 1995 , ISBN 978 - 950 - 665 - 019 - 3 .
Dr. Danladi Abdullahi Sankara is a Nigerian politician who is Senator for the Jigawa North - West constituency of Jigawa State , Nigeria .
Indu Jain belongs to the Sahu Jain family and is the current chairperson of India 's largest media group , Bennett , Coleman & Co. Ltd. , which owns the Times of India and other large newspapers .
Joseph Wilfred Arsenault ( November 22 , 1953 -- July 27 , 2011 ) was a political figure on Prince Edward Island , Canada .
Sir Adeyemo Alakija was a newspaper entrepreneur who co - founded the Daily Times of Nigeria .
Henry George Ell ( probably 24 September 1862 -- 27 June 1934 ) , commonly known as Harry Ell , was a Christchurch City councillor and a New Zealand Member of Parliament .
Stéfan Voléry , born 17 September 1961 , is a former freestyle swimmer from Switzerland .
Ernest Urdăreanu ( 1897 - -1985 ) was the Minister of the Court during the reign of King Carol II of Romania ( 1930 - -1940 ) .
Francesco Quinn was born in Rome , Italy , the son of Anthony Quinn and second wife Iolanda Addolori , a noted costume designer to whom Anthony Quinn was married for 31 years .
Kurt Hector was a Dominica professional football manager .
Osmund Andersen Lømsland was born at the village of Mosby in Oddernes , a borough in Kristiansand , Norway .
Krige Schabort is a paralympic athlete from South Africa competing mainly in category T54 distance events .
Fredrik Ericsson ( 14 March 1975 , Sundsvall , Sweden -- 6 August 2010 , K2 ) was a Swedish mountaineer and extreme skier .
Joseph Angus Mackay ( 9 September 1882 - -30 September 1952 ) was a New Zealand journalist , newspaper editor and historian .
Samuel Finkelstein ( 1895 - -1942 ) was a Jewish oil painter in the interwar Poland who died at the Nazi death camp Treblinka during the Holocaust .
Gbenga Daniel ( born 6 April 1956 ) is a Nigerian politician , and Governor of Ogun State of Nigeria from 29 May 2003 to 29 May 2011 making him the longest serving governor of the State .
Joseph René Vilatte ( January 24 , 1854 -- July 8 , 1929 ) , also known by the religious name Mar Timotheus I , was a French naturalized American Christian leader active in France and the United States .
Dennis Looze ( born 30 July 1972 in Zaandam ) is an athlete from the Netherlands , who competes in triathlon .
William Taramai ( born April 23 , 1961 ) is a middle - distance athlete , who competed for the Cook Islands .
Stephanie Okwu ( born 1994 ) is a Nigerian beauty queen who crowned as Most Beautiful Girl in Nigeria Universe 2013 and she represented Nigeria at the Miss Universe 2013 pageant in Russia .
Ernie Gilroy is an administrator and politician in Manitoba , Canada .
Kazimierz Karabasz ( Polish pronunciation : ( kaˈʑimjɛʂ kaˈrabaʂ ) ; born May 6 , 1930 in Bydgoszcz , Poland ) is a Polish documentary filmmaker .
Carl Frederik Stanley ( c. 1738 -- 9 March 1813 ) was an English - Danish sculptor , a leading proponent of early Neo - Classicism in Denmark .
James Gore ( 1834 -- 23 July 1917 ) was a 19th - century Member of Parliament from the Otago region of New Zealand , and Mayor of Dunedin .
Peter Hänggi ( born November 29 , 1950 is a theoretical physicist from Switzerland . He is best known for his original works on Brownian motion and ratchets , stochastic resonance and dissipative systems ( classical and quantum ) .
Klaartje Quirijns ( born 1967 , Amsterdam , Netherlands ) is a Dutch film and television director and producer .
Dr. Sigmar Wittig ( born 25 February 1940 in Nimptsch , former Silesia region of Germany ) has been the Chairman of the Executive Board of the German Aerospace Center ( Deutsches Zentrum für Luft- und Raumfahrt ) since March 2002 .
Homayoun Salimi(همايون سليمی in Persian ) , born 1948 , is an Iranian Painter and academic , born in Tehran , Iran .
Komsan Pohkong ( Thai : คมสัน โพธิ์คง ) is a lawyer from Thailand .
Samuel Street ( 1753 -- February 3 , 1815 ) was a judge , merchant and political figure in Upper Canada .
Mohammad Hamid Ansari ( pronunciation ) ( born 1 April 1937 ) is the 12th and current Vice President of India , in office since 2007 .
Beric John Croome ( born 23 May 1960 , Bloemfontein , South Africa ) is a chartered accountant , Advocate of the High Court of South Africa and one of South Africa 's tax law scholars .
Urs App ( born 1949 in Rorschach , Switzerland ) is a historian of ideas , religions , and philosophies with a special interest in the history and modes of interaction between East and West .
Johann Friedrich Wilhelm Baucke ( 7 July 1848 - -6 June 1931 ) was a New Zealand linguist , ethnologist , journalist and interpreter .
Saint Ivo of Chartres ( also Ives , Yves , or Yvo ; Latin : Ivonis Carnutensis ) ( c. 1040 -- 23 December 1115 ) was the Bishop of Chartres , France from 1090 until his death , and an important canonist during the Investiture Crisis .
Auguste Clésinger was born in Besançon , in the Doubs department of France .
Mike Sandbothe ( born June 26 , 1961 ) is a German intellectual and philosopher living in Erfurt with his wife and children and teaching as professor of culture and media at Jena University of Applied Sciences(Germany ) .
Heinz Galinski ( 28 November 1912 -- 19 July 1992 ) was president of the Central Council of Jews in Germany ( Zentralrat der Juden in Deutschland ) from 1988 until his death in 1992 .
Jesse Phillips ( born July 26 , 1986 in Perth , Western Australia ) is an Australian sprint canoeist .
Jan Blommaert ( November 4 , 1961 ) is a Belgian sociolinguist and linguistic anthropologist , Professor of Language , Culture and Globalization and Director of the Babylon Center at Tilburg University , the Netherlands .
Anna Siewierska ( born Gdynia , Poland , 25 December 1955 , died Da Lat , Vietnam , 6 August 2011 ) was a Polish - born linguist who worked in Australia , Poland , the Netherlands and the United Kingdom .
Richard Brabec ( born July 5 , 1966 , Kladno , Czech Republic ) is a Czech politician , a former manager in the chemical industry ( Unipetrol , Spolana Neratovice and Lovochemie ) .
Paddy Tuimavave is a former professional rugby league player who represented New Zealand and Western Samoa .
Ahmad Abdel - Halim Abdel - Salam Al - Zugheir ( born 14 September 1986 ) is a Jordanian footballer of Palestinian origin , who plays for That Ras and the Jordan national football team .
Rasim Balayev was born on August 8 , 1948 in Agsu region of Azerbaijan .
Chris Baryomunsi ( born 9 December 1969 ) is a Ugandan physician , public health specialist , demographer and politician who has served as State Minister of Health for General Duties in the Cabinet of Uganda since 2015 .
Edwin Cynrig Roberts , sometimes Edwyn Cynrig Roberts ( 1838 - 17 September 1893 ) was one of the pioneers of the Welsh settlement in Patagonia , Argentina .
Ahmad Salim or Muhammad Salim Khawaja ( born 26 January 1945 in Mina Gondal , Punjab , Pakistan ) is a writer , archivist and co - founder of the South Asian Research and Resource Centre , a private archive established in 2001 .
Teodoro Orozco 's Caps for Mexico in 1985
Ademaga Mešić or Adem Aga Mešić ( 25 March 1868 -- 1 July 1945 ) was a politician from Bosnia and Herzegovina and a military officer in the Austro - Hungarian Schutzkorps , and was a member of the Ustaše government of the Independent State of Croatia during World War II .
Cándido Fabré ( born in San Luis , Santiago de Cuba ) is a Cuban musician , song writer , and singer , famous for his art of improvisation .
Peter Marin ( born in Perth , Western Australia ) is a drummer based in Melbourne , Australia .
Girolamo Piromalli ( October 7 , 1918 -- February 11 , 1979 ) , also known as Mommo , was a historical and charismatic boss of the ' Ndrangheta , a Mafia - type organisation in Calabria ( Italy ) .
Sir Susantha de Fonseka , the Father of the Free Lanka Bill is remembered as one Sri Lanka 's pioneering diplomats and for promoting constitutional reforms on the long walk to independence .
John Mackintosh Roberts ( 1840 - -1928 ) was a New Zealand soldier , resident magistrate and administrator .
Seyed Mohsen Nourbakhsh ( 18 May 1948 -- 23 March 2003 ) ( Persian : سید محسن نوربخش ) was an Iranian economist , most known as governor of the Central Bank of Iran and the former minister of economic and finance of Iran .
Robert William Bradford ( C.M. ) ( December 17 , 1923 ) is a pioneering Canadian aviation artist , instrumental in the founding of the Canada Aviation Museum .
Humban - Numena ( or Kumban - Numena ) was a king of Elam from the Igihalkid dynasty ( Middle Elamite period , mid-14th century BCE ) .
Martin McAleese ( born 24 March 1951 ) is a former member of Seanad Éireann and the husband of the former President of Ireland , Mary McAleese .
Anand Paranjpe won the Lok Sabha seat from Kalyan , Maharashtra , India in the 2009 Lok Sabha elections defeating Nationalist Congress Party candidate Vasant Davkhare .
James Rayside ( April 1836 -- 1895 ) was an Ontario , Canada , businessman and political figure .
On 13 March 2011 , Luís Fabiano returned to Brazil to play again for São Paulo FC .
Noor - ol - Hoda Mangeneh ( born 1902 , date of death unknown ) was an Iranian intellectual and one of the pioneering figures in the women 's rights movement in Iran .
Sondre Kåfjord ( born 7 June 1948 ) was president of the Football Association of Norway ( NFF ) from 2004 to 2010 .
Martin Wierstra ( 29 May 1928 -- 23 October 1985 ) was a professional cyclist from the Netherlands who specialized in motor - paced racing .
Thu Maung ( Burmese : သုမောင် ( θṵ màʊɴ ) ; 13 March 1951 -- 16 May 2010 ; born Bala ) was a Myanmar Academy Award - winning film actor , singer as well as a distinguished writer and director .
Soth Polin ( born in 1943 , Kampong Cham , Cambodia ) is a Khmer writer .
Amaju Pinnick ( born 1973 ) is the current president of the Nigeria Football Federation .
Arthur McKee ( 14 August 1863 - -9 March 1943 ) was a New Zealand newspaper proprietor , photo - engraver and printer , land agent , businessman , orchardist .
Queen Best Kemigisa ( b. 1967 ) is the Queen Mother of the Toro Kingdom , based in Fort Portal , Uganda .
Bernard Brizay , born in Rouen ( department of Seine Maritime in France ) in August 1941 , has studied History , teaching History of Art , before he became a journalist ( reporter at large )
Ihab el - Sherif ( January 1954 -- July 2005 ) served as Egypt 's ambassador to Iraq until Iraqi kidnappers murdered him in July 2005 .
Klaus Löwitsch ( 8 April 1936 -- 3 December 2002 ) was a German actor , best known in Germany for his starring role in the television detective series Peter Strohm .
William Henry Colbeck ( 1823 -- 25 June 1901 ) was a 19th - century Member of Parliament in the Auckland Region of New Zealand .
Padma Desai ( born October 12 , 1931 ) is an India - born , naturalized American , development economist and a Russia - specialist .
Chiang Si - qian ( Chinese : 蒋斯千 ; 1814 - -1894 ) is the grandfather of former Republic of China President Chiang Kai - shek .
Christopher Duenas ( born in Tamuning , Guam ) is an Olympic and national record holding swimmer from Guam .
William Direen is a New Zealand writer and performer .
James Steedsman ( January 24 , 1864 - March 16 , 1959 ) was a Manitoba farmer who was elected to the Canadian House of Commons as a member of the agrarian Progressive Party of Canada .
Prince Amen Edore Oyakhire was the Military Administrator of Taraba State , Nigeria between August 1996 and August 1998 during the military regime of General Sani Abacha .
Nicola Lindsay ( born in 1944 in London ) is an English writer / actor , living for the past forty years in the Republic of Ireland .
Jakob Nilsson Vik ( born March 12 , 1882 in Kvam , Norway , died 1960 ) was a Norwegian farmer , dairy manager , and politician .
Emel Mathlouthi ( Arabic : آمال المثلوثي ) is a Tunisian singer - songwriter best known for her protest songs `` Ya Tounes Ya Meskina '' ( Poor Tunisia ) and `` Kelmti Horra '' ( My Word is Free ) which became anthems for the Tunisian revolution .
Filterheadz are a Techno DJ and producer duo from Leuven , Belgium .
Chen Shutong ( 1876 - 17 February 1966 ) was a Chinese politician who served in the governments of the Qing Dynasty , the Republic of China and the People 's Republic of China .
P. Karunakaran ( born 20 April 1945 in Nileshwar , Kasargod , Kerala ) is a member of the 16th Lok Sabha of India and is the leader of the Loksabha for CPI(M ) in the 16th Loksabha .
Mercedes Capsir was born in Barcelona , Spain , in the same house where another Spanish soprano had been born 12 years earlier , Maria Barrientos .
Victoria of Baden ( Sophie Marie Viktoria ; 7 August 1862 -- 4 April 1930 ) , was the Queen of Sweden by her marriage to King Gustaf V. She was politically active in a conservative fashion during the development of democracy and known as a pro - German during the First World War .
Janet Wells now Janet Reeves ( born 1957 ) is an alpine skier from New Zealand .
Joachim Frich was from Bergen , Norway .
Mounir Sabet 's sister Suzanne is the wife of former Egyptian president Hosni Mubarak , thus the former First Lady of Egypt .
Henry Zambrano Sandoval ( born August 7 , 1973 in Soledad , Colombia ) is a soccer player who played for Colombian national team .
Raising eyebrows due to his games for Eintracht Braunschweig , Bernd Franke established himself as a backup choice for Sepp Maier and Wolfgang Kleff in the affairs of West Germany , debuting for his country on 28 March 1973 , in a friendly .
Gérard Buquet ( born 1954 ) is a tubist , conductor and composer , who was born in France .
Louis de Jager ( born 30 March 1987 ) is a professional golfer from South Africa playing on the Sunshine Tour .
The visit of Abd el - Ouahed ben Messaoud followed the sailing of The Lion in 1551 , and the 1585 establishment of the English Barbary Company , which had the objective of developing trade between England and Morocco .
Modise Mokwadi Fly was a Botswana politician and activist who was convicted and sentenced to death in 2008 of murdering his two - year - old son .
Tibor Kökény ( born December 27 , 1970 in Debrecen , Hungary ) is a Hungarian psychologist and yoga teacher of Yoga in Daily Life System .
Maria van Oosterwijck was born in 1630 in Nootdorp , a town located near Delft in South Holland , the Netherlands .
Juan Marichal was born on October 20 , 1937 in the small farming village of Laguna Verde , Dominican Republic , the youngest of Francisco and Natividad Marichal 's four children .
Warren Parry ( born 9 January 1964 ) is a New Zealand darts player .
Lindsay Perigo ( born 14 December 1951 ) is a former New Zealand television and radio broadcasting personality , founding member and first leader of the Libertarianz political party and an Objectivist organisation called Sense of Life Objectivists ( SOLO ) .
Anissa Blondin ( born 30 July 1992 ) is a Belgian model and Beauty Pageant Titleholder and 1st runner up in Miss Belgium 2014 .
Adriaen de Vries ( c.1556 - -1626 ) was a Northern Mannerist sculptor born in the Netherlands , whose international style crossed the threshold to the Baroque ; he excelled in refined modelling and bronze casting and in the manipulation of patina and became the most famous European sculptor of his generation .
Côme Zoumara ( born 1959 ? ) is a political figure in the Central African Republic who was Foreign Minister from September 2006 to January 2008 .
Amanda Mabro ( born April 30 , 1980 , Montreal , Quebec , Canada ) is a singer - songwriter and vocal coach .
Alireza Faghani ( Persian : عليرضا فغانى , born 21 March 1978 in Kashmar ) is an Iranian football referee who has been officiating in Iran Pro League for seven seasons and has been on the international list since 2008 .
Oswald Karch ( born March 6 , 1917 in Ludwigshafen -- died January 28 , 2009 ) was a former racing driver from Germany .
Tim Mudde ( Amsterdam , 23 February 1965 ) , also known as Brigadier M or Sassem Tim , was active within the right wing radical movement in the Netherlands between the 1980s and the early 2010s .
Lionel Beauxis made his international debut for France against Italy during the 2007 Six Nations Championship .
Jerzy Rogalski ( 11 April 1948 , Oleśnica , Poland - ) is a Polish film and theatre actor .
José María Flores Burlón ( born February 10 , 1955 in Montevideo ) is a former boxer from Uruguay .
Sharmila Melissa Yogalingam ( born September 13 , 1985 ) is an award nominated writer from Singapore .
Andy Paschalidis ( Greek : Άντυ Πασχαλίδης ) is a former football ( soccer ) player and is a media personality in Australia .
Robert Calcagno born 26 June 1960 is a Monegasque politician and leader who is CEO of the Oceanographic Institute Foundation Albert I , Prince of Monaco .
Thomas Adolphus Bowden ( 26 July 1824 - -24 June 1906 ) was a New Zealand Anglican clergyman , farmer , teacher and educationalist .
François Croteau ( born January 29 , 1972 ) is a city councillor from Montreal , Quebec , Canada .
Princess Maria Gabriella of Savoy ( Maria Gabriella Giuseppa Aldegonda Adelaide Ludovica Felicita Gennara ; born 24 February 1940 ) is a Savoyard princess and noted historian of Italy .
Sylvia Gytha de Lancey Chapman ( 27 November 1896 - -1 September 1995 ) was a New Zealand doctor , medical superintendent and welfare worker .
Pisharoth Rama Pisharoty ( Malayalam : പിഷാരത്ത് രാമ പിഷാരടി;February 10 , 1909 -- September 24 , 2002 ) was an Indian physicist and meteorologist , and is considered to be the father of remote sensing in India .
Ismail Sillakh was born in Zaporozhye , then he moved with his family to Industrial city of Mariupol ( one of most important port cities in Ukraine ) His parents--
Boukary Dramé ( born July 22 , 1985 in Villepinte , Seine - Saint - Denis ) is a Senegal international footballer who plays as a left back for Italian club Atalanta .
Jason Benoit is a country music singer - songwriter from Fox Island River in western Newfoundland on Canada 's east coast .
Matsunaga Hisahide ( 松永 久秀 1510 -- November 19 , 1577 ) was a daimyo of Japan following the Sengoku period of the 16th century .
Lê Thị Hồng Liên is a Christian teacher from Vietnam .
Joseph Edwin Underwood ( November 3 , 1882 -- June 1 , 1960 ) was a civil engineer , land surveyor and political figure in Saskatchewan , Canada .
Hanka Gregušová ( born 28 April 1980 ) known under her stage name Hanka G is a jazz singer in Slovakia .
Barthélemy Joliette ( September 9 , 1789 -- June 21 , 1850 ) was a notary , businessman , seigneur and political figure in Lower Canada and Canada East .
Joanna Trzepiecińska ( born 7 September , 1965 in Tomaszów Mazowiecki , Poland ) is a Polish film , television and theater actress , best known for playing in the Polish TV series Rodzina zastępcza ( Foster Family ) .
Victor Conrad was born on August 25 , 1876 in Hütteldorf , Lower Austria ( then a suburb and now part of Vienna ) .
Martin Fenin ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈmarcɪn ˈfɛɲɪn ) ; 16 April 1987 ) is a Czech football striker currently playing for the German club Chemnitzer FC and the Czech Republic national football team .
Georg Essl ( born March 1 , 1972 in Graz , Austria ) is an Austrian Computer Scientist and Musician , who works in the areas of Human - Computer Interaction , Acoustics , Mobile Computing and Mobile Music .
José Saura ( born 4 December 1978 , in Murcia ) is a paralympic athlete from Spain competing mainly in category T12 800 m events .
Sergey Rusin ( Russian : Сергей Русин ; born 31 October 1959 ) is a former freestyle swimmer from the Soviet Union .
Tim Bollerslev received his MSc in economics and mathematics in 1983 from the University of Aarhus in Denmark .
Ballard was born in Toronto , Ontario , Canada as Edwin Harold Ballard .
Mohd Ramzul Zahini Adenan ( born 11 December 1987 ) is a Malaysian footballer who plays as a striker in the Malaysia Super League side , Terengganu FA .
Nicolai Michoutouchkine was born on October 5 , 1929 , in Belfort , France to White Russians parents who immigrated from Russia in 1920 , via Gallipoli , Turkey and Bulgaria to France .
Lê Văn Sơn ( born 20 December 1996 ) is a Vietnamese footballer who plays as a Right - back for V - League ( Vietnam ) club Hoàng Anh Gia Lai F.C.
While on tour in Italy in 1771 , Leopold and Wolfgang Mozart met Andrea Luchesi and received one of his concertos for cembalo ( Wolfgang was still playing the concerto in 1777 , while Leopold and Nannerl used often the concerto for teaching and practising purposes ) .
José Manuel Corral ( Santa Fe , Santa Fe , Argentina , October 28 , 1968 ) is a lawyer , a political activist of the Unión Cívica Radical party , and a member of the Coalition Frente Progresista Cívico y Social of Santa Fe .
Kristian Bergheim ( born 6 June 1926 in Bærum - deceased 30 May 2010 ) was a noted saxophonist , considered one of the few in Norway of international caliber .
Brandon Patton is a songwriter and bass player from the United States of America .
Ioel ( mid 6th century ) was a King of the Kingdom of Aksum .
Michel Van Wijnendaele was a Belgian mass murderer who killed seven people in Bogaarden , Belgium on May 12 , 1987 .
Violet Coulson was the wife of Tunku Abdul Rahman , the first Prime Minister of Malaysia .
Sándor Nyiri ( sometimes spelled Nyiry)(17 November 1854 -- 5 May 1911 ) was a Hungarian military officer and politician , who served as Minister of Defence of Hungary between 1903 and 1905 .
Giorgio Ordelaffi ( died 1423 ) was lord of Forlì and Papal vicar in Romagna ( northern Italy ) .
Rafael Larco Hoyle ( May 18 , 1901 in Chicama Valley , Peru -- 1966 ) , raised at Chiclin , his family 's estate , was sent to school in Maryland , USA , at the age of twelve .
Jace Van Dijk ( born 1981 in Australia ) is a professional rugby league player for the Easts Tigers in the Queensland Cup .
During his title reign Aníbal developed a heated rivalry with René Guajardo , a rivalry that saw the two face off in several main events all around Mexico .
A Matter of Customs ( Chinese : 雷霆第一關 ; Cantonese : Lui Ting Dai Yat Kwan ) is a TVB program in Hong Kong starring Wong He , Jessica Hsuan , Danny Lee and Liza Wang .
Vater Morgana is a 2010 German comedy film by director Till Endemann with the actors Christian Ulmen , Michael Gwisdek and Felicitas Woll in the central characters -- produced by the movie Company and Warner Bros. Film Productions Germany , released by Warner Bros.
The Ninth Gate was filmed in France , Portugal , and Spain in the summer of 1998 .
Based Down South ( German : Wir sitzen i m Süden ) is a 2010 German - Turkish documentary film written and directed by Martina Priessner about four Turks born in Germany but who now live in Istanbul .
Villa Dulce was a historical series in Chile because it was the first animated TV program made in the country since Condorito 's shorts in the 80s .
Sense8 ( a play on the word sensate /ˈsɛnseɪt/ ) is an American science fiction drama web television series created , written and executive - produced by Andy and Lana Wachowski and J. Michael Straczynski .
Première rêverie ( English : First Reverie ) , also known in English as Whisperings of Love , is a painting by nineteenth century French artist William - Adolphe Bouguereau .
Chair Transformation Number 20B is an abstract sculpture , by Lucas Samaras , in the National Gallery of Art Sculpture Garden .
Two Tahitian Women is an 1899 painting by Paul Gauguin .
The Nightmare is a 1781 oil painting by Anglo - Swiss artist Henry Fuseli ( 1741 - -1825 ) .
Jabberjaw is a 30-minute Saturday morning animated series created by Joe Ruby and Ken Spears and produced by Hanna - Barbera which aired on ABC from September 11 , 1976 , to September 3 , 1978 .
Walking to Church is a 1952 painting by the American painter Norman Rockwell , painted for the cover of The Saturday Evening Post‍‍ ' ​‍s April 4 , 1953 issue .
Watching Ellie is an American sitcom that starred Julia Louis - Dreyfus and was created by her husband , Brad Hall .
Cedar - Bank Works is group of Adena culture earthworks located in Ross County , Ohio in the United States .
Not the Nine O'Clock News was produced by John Lloyd .
Lennon , Kenney - Silver and Black reunited for a live , on - stage performance of Viva Variety , with a guest appearance by State alumnus Robert Ben Garant .
L'Enseigne de Gersaint , or `` The Shop Sign of Gersaint '' , ( 1720 - 21 ) is a painting by Jean - Antoine Watteau , which is considered to be his last masterpiece .
Toby Esterhase is a fictional character in John le Carré 's George Smiley spy novels including Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy ;
What 's Happening ! ! was loosely based on the Eric Monte - penned film Cooley High .
Mob City is an American neo - noir crime drama television series created by Frank Darabont for TNT .
The Harkonnen Capo Chair is one of H. R. Giger 's furniture designs .
The Captive Slave is a portrait painted by the artist John Simpson ( 1782 - -1847 ) , which was first exhibited in London in 1827 .
Reply of the Zaporozhian Cossacks to Sultan Mehmed IV of the Ottoman Empire , also known as Cossacks of Saporog Are Drafting a Manifesto ( Russian : Запорожцы пишут письмо турецкому султану ) , is a painting by Russian artist Ilya Repin .
First Reading of the Emancipation Proclamation of President Lincoln is an 1864 oil - on - canvas painting by Francis Bicknell Carpenter .
Large Interior with Three Reflections is a 1993 pop art painting by Roy Lichtenstein .
The Glo Friends toyline , which preceded the television show , are small glow - in - the - dark toys in the shape of insects and other small creatures ( including the original Glo Worm ) that were made by Hasbro 's Playskool division in the mid-1980s ( Glo Worm was introduced in 1982 ) .
The Wounded Angel ( Finnish : Haavoittunut enkeli ) ( 1903 ) is a painting by Finnish symbolist painter Hugo Simberg .
Minotaur Kneeling over Sleeping Girl is a 1933 etching by Pablo Picasso remarked as the first example in line among several works to be realized through the remaining part of the decade by the painter where he used the theme of the legendary Minoan creature Minotaur recurrently .
Who Wants to Be a Superhero ? was a reality show hosted by Stan Lee .
Meeting of Minds is a television series , created by Steve Allen , which aired on PBS from 1977 to 1981 .
A Girl with a Watering Can is an Impressionist painting by Pierre - Auguste Renoir from 1876 .
Tahitian Women on the Beach ( French : Femmes de Tahiti ) is an 1891 painting by Paul Gauguin .
Hotel by a Railroad is a painting completed in 1952 by the American realist painter and printmaker Edward Hopper .
The Mysteries of the Horizon ( in French , Les mystères de l'horizon ) ( 1955 ) is an oil on canvas painting by the Belgian surrealist René Magritte .
Christmas in Tattertown is a 1988 television special created and directed by Ralph Bakshi about a place where everything discarded in the world came alive .
Spice Chess is an artist 's multiple by the Japanese artist Takako Saito , whilst she was resident in the United States .
Yo soy Betty , la fea ( `` I am Betty , the Ugly one '' ) is a telenovela filmed in Colombia , written by Fernando Gaitán and produced from 25 October 1999 to 8 May 2001 by the Colombian network RCN ( Radio Cadena Nacional ) .
The Portrait of Antoine - Laurent Lavoisier and his wife is a double portrait of the French chemist Antoine Lavoisier and his wife and collaborator Marie - Anne Pierrette Paulze , commissioned from the French painter Jacques - Louis David in 1788 by Marie - Anne ( who had been taught drawing by David ) .
The Cluster Paintings are a series of paintings created by Nabil Kanso in 1986 - 1988 .
Bagpuss is a British children 's television series , made by Peter Firmin and Oliver Postgate .
Four Feather Falls was the third puppet TV show produced by Gerry Anderson for Granada Television .
Aurora Triumphans ( Latin : Triumphant Aurora ) is a painting by Evelyn De Morgan , featuring the Roman goddess of dawn Aurora , that breaks the shackles of night .
They Came to Baghdad is an adventure novel by Agatha Christie , first published in the United Kingdom by the Collins Crime Club on 5 March 1951 and in the United States by Dodd , Mead and Company later in the same year .
Dawn Summers is a fictional character created by Joss Whedon and introduced by Marti Noxon and David Fury on the television series Buffy the Vampire Slayer , portrayed by Michelle Trachtenberg .
Wish Ko Lang ( English : Just My Wish ) is the first wish - granting show broadcast by GMA Network .
Summer Evening on Skagen 's Southern Beach ( Danish : Sommeraften på Skagen Sønderstrand ) is a painting by Peder Severin Krøyer ( 1851 - -1909 ) , from 1893 , and is counted as one of his masterpieces .
The Red Vineyards near Arles is an oil painting by the Dutch painter Vincent van Gogh , executed on a privately primed Toile de 30 piece of burlap in early November 1888 .
Juno and Argus is a 1610 painting by Peter Paul Rubens , showing Juno and Argus .
AdaBoost , short for `` Adaptive Boosting '' , is a machine learning meta - algorithm formulated by Yoav Freund and Robert Schapire who won the Gödel Prize in 2003 for their work .
The Disquieting Muses ( in Italian : Le Muse inquietanti , 1916 , 1917 or 1918 ) is a painting by the Italian metaphysical painter Giorgio de Chirico .
John Gubbins Newton and His Sister , Mary Newton is an 1833 painting by Robert Burnard .
Agawin Mo Man Ang Lahat or Stolen Love ( international title ) is a daytime drama series on GMA Network produced by TAPE Inc. This series starring Oyo Boy Sotto and Marian Rivera .
Wok racing has been developed by the German TV host and entertainer Stefan Raab :
A Signal of Peace is a bronze equestrian sculpture by Cyrus Edwin Dallin , a part of a four - piece series called The Epic of the Indian .
The Town Hall at Auvers is a painting by Vincent van Gogh , executed mid - July 1890 .
The Card Players is a series of oil paintings by the French Post - Impressionist artist Paul Cézanne .
A Clinical Lesson at the Salpêtrière ( `` Une leçon clinique à la Salpêtrière '' ) , a group tableau portrait painted by the genre artist Pierre Aristide André Brouillet ( 1857 - 1914 ) , is one of the best known paintings in the history of medicine .
The Annunciation , with Saint Emidius is an altarpiece by Italian artist Carlo Crivelli showing an artistic adaptation of the Annunciation .
Tat Marina ( born in 1983 ) , ) , Khmer : តាត ម៉ារីណា ) , is a Cambodian - born and a survivor of brutal high profile acid throwing attack in 1999 .
Joffre Stewart ( born 1925 ) is an American poet , anarchist and pacifist known for his early participation in the early Beat movement .
J. Posadas ( 1912 - -1981 ) ( occasionally referred to as Juan Posadas ) , was the pseudonym of Homero Rómulo Cristalli Frasnelli , an Argentine Trotskyist whose personal vision is usually described as Posadism .
Sardar Tufail Ahmad Khan Mayo ( born 2 January 1943 in Behwan District , Gur Ganwa , East Punjab , India ) is a Pakistani politician affiliated with the Pakistan Muslim League ( Q ) .
Ralph Fitzwilliam ( 1256?- 11 February 1317 ) , was a baron .
Debbie Greenwood ( born 16 September 1959 in Liverpool , Lancashire ) is a British television presenter and a former beauty queen who won the title of Miss Great Britain in 1984 .
Hans Steiner ( born 1946 , Vienna ) is Professor ( Emeritus , Active ) of Psychiatry & Behavioral Sciences , Child & Adolescent Psychiatry and Human Development at Stanford University , School of Medicine .
Zvonko Jakovljević ( Serbian Cyrillic : Звонко Јаковљевић ; born 30 January 1996 ) is a Serbian footballer who plays for Bačka 1901 , on loan from Serbian SuperLiga club Spartak Subotica .
Pieter van Kouwenhoorn aka Pieter Kouwenhoorn ( 1599 Haarlem - c21 May 1654 Leiden ) ( fl.1620s-1630s ) was a Dutch botanical illustrator .
Mother Superior Agnes Mariam de la Croix ( born 1952 ) , also known as Mother Agnes , is a Christian nun .
Dean Murphy ( b 1970 ) is an Australian screenwriter , producer and director .
Nikola Eftimov ( Macedonian : Никола Ефтимов , born 6 October 1968 in Skopje , Republic of Macedonia ) is a Macedonian fashion designer and visual artist .
Orestes Acquarone Salaberry ( 27 April 1875 - November 1952 ) was a Uruguayan lithographist , painter , cartoonist , watercolourist , sculptor and poet .
Jean - Marc Lévy - Leblond ( born 1940 ) is a physicist and essayist .
Alex Kava ( born Sharon M. Kava on June 7 , 1960 in Silver Creek , Nebraska ) is an American author of psychological suspense novels .
Mary Ann Baxter ( 1801-December 19 , 1884 ) was a noted philanthropist in the Scottish city of Dundee .
René Wohlhauser ( born 24 March 1954 in Zurich ) is a Swiss composer , pianist , singer , improviser , conductor and music teacher .
Jon D. Levy ( born 1954 ) is a United States District Judge of the United States District Court for the District of Maine and former Justice of the Maine Supreme Court .
Amado Guevara ( born 2 May 1976 ) is a Honduran retired football player and manager who currently works for the Honduran national team in the role of assistant manager .
Prince Tony Momoh ( born 27 April 1939 ) is a Nigerian journalist and politician who was Nigerian Minister of Information and Culture ( 1986 - -1990 ) during the military regime of General Ibrahim Babangida .
Sergio Goldvarg ( born 1957 ) is an Argentinian architect , better known as a car collector , model car collector and model car maker resident in Miami , Florida .
Brad Fash ( born 24 January 1996 ) is a professional rugby league footballer for Hull F.C. in the Super League .
Kieran McKeever ( Irish : Ciarán Mac Íomhair ; born 12 March 1968 ) is a former Irish dual player who played Gaelic football and hurling with Derry in the late 1980s , 1990s and early 2000s .
Kevin McCourt ( 1915 - -2000 ) was an Irish businessman and Director - General of RTÉ between 1962 and 1968 .
Gerard Keating ( born 3 December 1962 ) is a former Australian 100 metre sprinter .
Heo Jeok(1610 -- May 11 , 1680 ) was a politician during Joseon Dynasty .
Filippo Pennino , ( 1755 - 1801 ) was an Italian sculptor .
Michael Laub ( born Belgium , 1953 ) is an avant - garde stage director and contemporary dance choreographer .
Laurie Brett ( born 28 March 1969 ) is a Scottish actress , best known for her roles as Jane Beale in EastEnders and Christine Mulgrew in Waterloo Road .
Brett Morse ( born 11 February 1989 ) is a British athlete who competes in the discus throw .
Michelle Leslie ( born 13 April 1981 ) , who also works under the name Michelle Lee , is an Australian model .
Franz Wicki ( born 28 January 1939 in Grosswangen ) is a Swiss politician , lawyer and member of the Swiss Council of States ( 1995 - -2007 ) .
Anabel Ford ( 22 December 1951 ) is an American archaeologist specializing in the study of Mesoamerica , with a focus on the lowland Maya of Belize and Guatemala .
Vikram Joshi ( born 2 February 1977 ) is an Indian quizzer who won the World Quizzing Championship ( WQC ) 2014 .
Moira Milton ( née Paterson ) ( December 1923 -- 24 January 2012 ) was a Scottish amateur golfer .
Frank Cummins ( born 9 November 1947 ) was an Irish hurler who played as a midfielder for the Kilkenny senior team .
Joseph Aspinall ( 1854 Brooklyn , Kings County , New York -- May 7 , 1939 Brooklyn , New York City ) was an American lawyer and politician from New York .
Yuliya Viktorovna Ivanova ( Russian : Юлия Викторовна Иванова , born 5 December 1977 ) is a Russian former rhythmic gymnast .
Jasna Veličković ( Serbian Cyrillic : Јасна Величковић ) ( born 1974 in Belgrade ) has been living and working as a composer in the Netherlands since 2001 where she completed a Masters in music at the Royal Conservatory of The Hague under Louis Andriessen , Gilius van Bergeijk and Clarence Barlow with distinction .
Pavel Stratan ( born 11 November 1970 ) is a Moldovan popular singer .
Ilan Halevi ( Hebrew : אִילָן הַלֵּוִי ; born Georges Alain Albert ; 12 October 1943 -- 10 July 2013 ) was a Jewish Palestinian journalist and politician , and one of the very few high - ranking Jewish members of the Palestine Liberation Organization ( PLO ) .
Hanna Petros was an ethnic Assyrian , born to a Chaldean Catholic family in Mosul in 1896 .
Ashley Wood ( born 1971 ) is Australian comic book artist and award - winning illustrator known for his cover art , concept design and his work as an art director .
Donnchadh Ruadh Mac Conmara ( 1715 - -1810 ) was an Irish poet .
Pekka Sihvola ( born 22 April 1984 ) is a Finnish professional footballer currently playing for HIFK in the Veikkausliiga .
Anthony Cunningham ( born 16 June 1965 ) is a former Irish hurling manager and former player .
Jo Swinson ( born 5 February 1980 ) is a British Liberal Democrat politician and was formerly Member of Parliament ( MP ) for East Dunbartonshire constituency and the Parliamentary Under Secretary of State for Employment relations , consumer and postal affairs .
Robin Shepherd ( born 6 January 1968 ) is a British - born political commentator and analyst .
Roger Pulvers ( born May 4 , 1944 ) is an Australian playwright , theatre director and translator .
Lester Benjamin ( born 14 September 1963 ) is a retired Antiguan and Barbudan long jumper .
Giannalberto Bendazzi ( born 1946 ) is an animation historian , author , and professor .
Peter Luck ( born 5 January 1944 ) is an Australian author , TV journalist , producer and presenter .
John Burbidge ( ca 1718 -- March 11 , 1812 ) was a soldier , land owner , judge and political figure in Nova Scotia .
Sir David Emrys Evans ( 29 March 1891 -- 20 February 1966 ) was a Welsh classicist and university principal .
John Lamphire M.D. ( 1614 - -1688 ) was an English academic , who became a physician after being ejected from his college fellowship .
Arif Mohammad Khan ( born 1951 in Bulandshahr , Uttar Pradesh ) is a former state minister .
Damjan Zlatnar ( Serbian Cyrillic : Дамјан Златнар , born 16 December 1977 ) is a Slovenian - born Serbian athlete who specializes in the 110 metre hurdles and bobsledder .
Hubert von Goisern ( born Hubert Achleitner , 17 November 1952 ) is an Austrian singer - songwriter and world musician .
Caterine Ibargüen Mena ( born 12 February 1984 ) is a Colombian athlete competing in high jump , long jump and triple jump .
Charles Uzzell - Edwards ( born in South Wales in 1968 ) is a graffiti artist known by the moniker `` Pure Evil '' .
Doina Ignat ( born 20 December 1968 in Rădăuți - Prut , Botoşani ) is a Romanian rower , who has won six Olympic medals during her career .
Derek Long ( born 11 August 1925 ) is a former professor of structural chemistry at the University of Bradford , working in the field of Raman spectroscopy .
Horace Romano Harré ( /ˈhæreɪ/ ; born 1927 ) , known widely as Rom Harré , is a distinguished British philosopher and psychologist .
Barry Svigals , FAIA ( born 1948 ) is a Connecticut - based architect and sculptor .
Janet Kirina Nariki ( born 25 April 1986 ) is a Kenyan actress , singer - songwriter , TV host and producer .
Thomas E. Humphrey ( born 1945 ) is an Associate Justice of the Maine Supreme Judicial Court and former Chief Justice of the Maine Superior Court .
Taylor Bills ( born Stephen Taylor Bills , 2 January 1985 ) is an American ex - baseball player and reality star .
Sarkis Torossian ( Turkish : Sarkis Torosyan , 1891 - August 17 , 1954 ) was a decorated Ottoman captain of Armenian descent who fought in the Gallipoli Campaign and according to his memoirs , was the first person to sink a British battleship .
Koki Arita ( 有田 光希 , born 23 September 1991 ) is a Japanese football player .
Philip Obaji ( born 8 August 1985 ) is a Nigerian TV presenter and founder of 1 GAME :
Anita Blaze ( born 29 October 1991 ) is a French foil fencer , team silver medallist at the 2013 World Championships and at the 2012 and 2013 European Championships .
James Grubb was born in 1771 at Little Britain in Lancaster County , Pennsylvania .
Stefan Wisniewski ( born 8 April 1953 ) is a former member of the Red Army Faction ( RAF ) .
Cemil Bayık ( born 1951 in Keban , Elazığ ) , also known as Cuma , is one of the five founders of the Kurdish movement Kurdistan Workers ' Party ( PKK ) , and is among the organization 's top leadership .
Mariusz Wach ( Polish pronunciation : ( ˈmariuʂ ˈvax ) ; born 14 December 1979 ) is a Polish professional boxer and world heavyweight title challenger .
Sir William Gage , 7th Baronet KCB ( 1695 -- 23 April 1744 ) was the MP for Seaford from 1722 until his death .
José María Sarasol Soler ( El Genovés 1970 ) , Sarasol II , is a Valencian pilota professional player .
Raoul Owens ( born 22 August 1994 ) is a London - based , British racing driver .
Li Denghui ( Chinese : 李登輝 , 1873 - -1947 , courtesy name Téngfēi ( 騰飛 ) ) , was the president of Fudan University of Shanghai during 1917 - -1937 .
Sophie Lowe ( born 5 June 1990 ) is an English - born Australian actress and singer - songwriter .
Martina Dalić ( née Štimac ; born 12 November 1967 ) is a Croatian economist and finance official who served as Croatia 's Minister of Finance from 29 December 2010 to 23 December 2011 .
Gustavo Manduca ( born 8 June 1980 ) is a former Brazilian footballer who played mainly as a left winger .
John Gidman ( born 10 January 1954 ) is a former English footballer who played for Aston Villa , Everton , Manchester United , Manchester City , Stoke City and Darlington .
Mohammad Yasser Shoshara ( Arabic : محمد ياسر شوشرة ‎ ) ( born 11 April 1988 in Syria ) is a Syrian footballer .
Mbasa Gqadushe ( born 24 March 1986 in East London , Cape Province ) is a South African cricketer who has played nineteen first class matches for Kwa - Zulu Natal .
Gabriele Caliari ( 1568 - -1631 ) was an Italian of the late - Renaissance period .
Jan Vošahlík ( born 8 March 1989 ) is a Czech professional footballer , Striker , who currently plays for Shakhter Karagandy .
Vollrath von Maltzan Freiherr von Wartenberg und Penzlin ( 22 December 1899 -- 22 December 1967 ) was West German ambassador to France from 1955 to 1958 .
Paul Jack ( born 15 May 1965 ) is a former professional footballer , best known for playing for the Airdrieonians teams of the 1990s .
Jill Furman ( born 1969 ) is an American theatrical producer .
Wilma Goich ' ( born 16 October 1945 ) is an Italian pop singer and television personality .
Gunnar Svensson ( born 1956 ) is a retired Swedish ice hockey player and head coach , currently working as a sports agent for players like Henrik Zetterberg , Andreas Pihl and Fredrik Emvall .
Maximilian Fischer ( born 1929 ) , is an Austrian entomologist and a specialist on parasitic wasps ( Braconidae : Opiinae , Alysiinae ) .
Hossein Martin Fazeli a.k.a . Naanaam ( Persian : نانام‎ ) ( born June 1964 in Shiraz , Iran ) is an Iranian Canadian film director and poet .
Alladiya Khan ( Hindi : अल्लादिया ख़ान ; 10 August 1855 -- 16 March 1946 ) was an Indian classical singer , known as `` Gaan Samraat '' ( Emperor of Music ) .
Gerhard Vinken ( born 15 April 1961 in Hannover ) is a German art historian and a professor at the University of Bamberg .
Jean - Paul Mascarene ( c. 1684 -- 22 January 1760 ) was a Lieutenant - Governor of Nova Scotia and commander of the 40th Regiment of Foot from 1740 to 1749 .
Sherri Sylvester ( born Sherri Kay Sylvester in 1959 ) was a longtime entertainment reporter for CNN , and sometimes filled in as hostess of Showbiz Today .
Antonio Bevilacqua ( 22 October 1918 -- 29 March 1972 ) was an Italian professional road bicycle racer .
Sebastian Uvira ( born 26 January 1993 in Freiburg ) is a German professional ice hockey Winger .
Chiara Simoneschi - Cortesi ( born 21 April 1946 ) is a member of the Christian Democratic People 's Party ( PPD / CVP / PDC ) , Simoneschi was elected to the National Council in 1999 and re - elected in 2003 and 2007 .
Gal Arel ( Hebrew : גל אראל ; born 9 July 1989 ) is an Israeli footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder or a central defender .
Giulio Quaglio the Younger ( 1668 - -1751 ) was an Italian Baroque painter .
Ken Anderlini ( September 11 , 1962 - -2007 ) was an avant - garde Canadian filmmaker , educator and gay activist .
Hasan Aliyev ( Azerbaijani : Həsən Əliyev , born 14 November 1989 in Qazakh ) is an Azerbaijani World and European champion Greco - Roman wrestler .
Geoffrey Ballard , CM , OBC ( 16 October 1932 -- 2 August 2008 ) was a Canadian geophysicist and businessman .
Robert George Dylan Willis MBE ( born Robert George Willis on 30 May 1949 ) , known as Bob Willis , is an English former cricketer who played for Surrey , Warwickshire , Northern Transvaal and England .
Neda Hassani ( born 1977 , Tehran , Iran ; d. June 23 , 2003 , London , England ) is notable as an Iranian protester who committed suicide by self - immolation .
John Thomas Bayley ( August 1868 -- after 1899 ) , generally known as Tom Bayley , was an English professional footballer who played as a right back .
Tony Pounder ( born 11 March 1966 ) is a former professional footballer , who played in The Football League for Bristol Rovers and Hereford United .
Ye Weichao ( Chinese : 叶伟超 ; pinyin : Yè Wěichāo ; born 18 February 1989 ) is a Chinese footballer .
Franklin Hiram King ( 8 June 1848 -- 4 August 1911 ) was an American agricultural scientist who was born on a farm near Whitewater , Wisconsin , attended country schools , and received his professional training first at Whitewater State Normal School and then at Cornell University .
Cherukuri Ramoji Rao , better known as Ramoji Rao ( born 16 November 1936 ) is an Indian businessman , film producer , educationist , journalist and media entrepreneur .
José Eduardo Sancho Castañeda , better known by hius nom de guerre Fermán Cienfuegos ( born 6 March 1947 ) was the leader of the Salvadoran organization Fuerzas Armadas de la Resistencia Nacional ( National Resistance Armed Forces in English , part of Resistencia Nacional or RN ) .
Marcello Guido ( born 1 January 1953 ) is an Italian deconstructivist architect .
Leila Ahmed ( born 1940 ; Arabic : لیلى أحمد‎ ) is an Egyptian American writer on Islam and Islamic feminism .
Rauna Paadar - Leivo ( born 1942 ) is an Inari Sámi author who writes children 's books , plays and novels in Northern Sámi .
Desmond Tan ( Chinese : 陈泂江 ; pinyin : Chén Jiǒngjiāng , born 19 August 1986 ) is a Singaporean actor .
Pat Cubellis ( born 1 February 1967 ) is a Canadian former soccer player who earned six caps for the national team in 1986 , scoring one goal in the process .
Roberto Solis ( born 1945 ) is an armored car robber , convicted murderer and poet .
Jeremy Sheldon ( born 1971 ) is a British screenwriter , author and lecturer .
Annette Watts , née Culbertson ( born c. 1959 ) , is an American high school basketball coach and the current head coach at Greeneville High School .
Russell Gerry Crook ( 1869 - -1955 ) was an American sculptor and craftsman active in the Boston area .
Louis Andriessen ( Dutch pronunciation : ( luˈi ˈɑndrisə(n ) ) ; born 6 June 1939 ) is a Dutch composer and pianist based in Amsterdam .
Patrick Barlow ( born 18 March 1947 ) is an English actor , comedian and playwright .
Jak Beula Dodd ( born Johnny Alexander Bubeula Dodd on 4 July 1963 ) is a British entrepreneur specializing in African - centred products for the education , leisure and entertainment industries .
Yuri Petrovich Figatner ( 1889 - 1937 ) was a Soviet party functionary who investigated the Russian Academy of Sciences in 1929 .
Arkadi Duchin ( Hebrew : ארקדי דוכין‎ , Russian : Аркадий Духин ; born 9 June 1963 ) is an Israeli singer - songwriter and musical producer .
Christopher Warren - Green ( born 30 July 1955 ) is a British violinist and conductor .
Patrick Loubert ( born Toronto , Ontario in 1947 ) was one of the founders of the Canadian animation studio , Nelvana Limited , along with Clive A. Smith and Michael Hirsh .
Nita Engle ( born 1926 , Michigan ) is an American watercolor painter .
Šárka Pančochová ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈʃaːrka ˈpantʃoxovaː ) , born 1 November 1990 ) is a Czech snowboarder .
August Ferdinand Kuwert ( 15 October 1828 , Nidden - 14 August 1894 , Wernsdorf , südl . von Königsberg ) was a German entomologist who specialised in Coleoptera .
Dr. Golam Yazdani , son of Moulvi Raisuddin Ahmed , was born at Barogachi in Malda district in January 1917 .
Christopher de Bellaigue ( born 1971 in London ) is a journalist who has worked on the Middle East and South Asia since 1994 .
Ferdinand de Meeûs ( 1798 - -1861 ) was a Belgian banker , businessman and politician .
Constantinos Daskalakis ( Greek : Κωνσταντίνος Δασκαλάκης ; born 1981 ) is a Greek Professor at MIT 's Electrical Engineering and Computer Science department and a member of CSAIL .
Mallu Bhatti Vikramarka ( born 1961 ) is a Politician from Indian state of Telangana .
Lemuel Sawyer ( 1777 -- January 9 , 1852 ) was a Congressional Representative from North Carolina .
Mohsen Hashemi Rafsanjani ( born 24 October 1961 in Qom ) is a politician , businessman , mechanical engineer .
Mamitu Daska Molisa ( born 16 October 1983 ) , also known as Mamitu Deska , is an Ethiopian long - distance runner who specialises in road running events , including the marathon .
Steve Larder ( 5 March 1963 ) born in Darwin , Northern Territory , is an Australian professional rugby league footballer of the 1980s and ' 90s , playing at club level for Illawarra Steelers , and Castleford as a Fullback , or Wing , i.e. number 1 , or , 2 or 5 .
Jeannette Armstrong ( born 1948 ) ( Okanagan ) is a Canadian author , educator , artist , and activist .
Kim Kuk - young ( born 19 April 1991 ) is a South Korean track and field sprinter who competed in the 100 metres .
Heinz Heck ( 22 January 1894 -- 5 March 1982 ) was a German biologist and director of Hellabrunn Zoo ( Tierpark Hellabrunn ) in Munich .
Dragan Mutibarić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Дpaгaн Mутибapић , born 10 November 1946 ) is a former Serbian football player .
Eva Åkesson ( born 30 December 1961 in Ängelholm ) is a Swedish professor of chemical physics , who is Rectrix magnifica ( Vice - chancellor ) of Uppsala University .
Lou Bega ( born David Lubega on 13 April 1975 ) is a German mambo musician of Italian and Ugandan descent .
Edin Rustemović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Един Рустемовић , born 6 January 1993 ) is a Bosnian footballer who currently plays for Bosnian Premier League club FK Sarajevo .
T. V. Rajeswar ( born 28 August 1926 , Salem , Tamil Nadu ) is a former Indian Police Service officer , former Intelligence Bureau chief and former Governor of Sikkim , West Bengal and Uttar Pradesh .
Till Nowak was born 28 July 1980 , in Bonn , Germany , and until 2008 lived in Mainz .
Silas Kipruto ( born 26 September 1984 ) is a Kenyan long - distance runner who specializes in the half marathon and 10 K run events , with personal bests of 27:28 minutes and 59:39 minutes respectively .
Shao Ting ( Chinese : 邵婷 , born 10 December 1989 ) is a Chinese basketball player for Beijing Great Wall and the Chinese national team , where she participated at the 2014 FIBA World Championship .
Denison Bollay ( born 1952 ) is a software engineer working on computer languages and search algorithms , with applications for e - commerce and financial information .
Salman Ahmad ( Urdu : سلمان احمد‎ , b. 12 December 1963 ) , is a Pakistani musician , rock guitarist , physician , activist , and the professor at the City University of New York .
Jacob Boll ( 28 May 1828 -- 29 September 1880 ) was a Swiss naturalist and entomologist especially noted for his exploration of Texas .
Jenny Hale ( born 1959 ) is an Australian illustrator and author who has published 20 children 's picture books , including the Double Delight flap books with hundreds of thousands of copies in print .
Marcela Gardeazabal , better known by her stage name , Marcela Mar , is a Colombian actress , born on 16 March 1979 .
Giovanni Battista Colomba ( born 1638 ) was an Italian painter and architect of the Baroque period .
Christian Raster ( 1776 - -1832 ) , was a statesman in Anhalt - Dessau and administrative officer to Leopold IV , Duke of Anhalt - Dessau .
Elmer Scipio Dundy ( 1830 - -1896 ) was a Nebraskan judge best known as the namesake of Dundy County , Nebraska .
Filmon Ghirmai ( born 25 January 1979 in Asmara , Eritrea , then People 's Democratic Republic of Ethiopia ) is a German runner who specialized in the 3000 metres steeplechase .
Hamish Hancock ( born 1947 in Wellington ) , is a former National Party MP for Horowhenua and a lawyer .
Stephen Lunn ( born 12 March 1956 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for Footscray and Geelong over five seasons in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
William Morison ( 1843 - -1937 ) was a Scottish presbyterian minister , writer and biographer .
Prince Rasso of Bavaria ( German : Rasso Maximilian Rupprecht Prinz von Bayern ) ( 24 May 1926 -- 12 September 2011 ) was a member of the Bavarian Royal House of Wittelsbach .
Lieutenant Commander John David Eagles AFC FRAeS ( born 1935 ) is a British former test pilot and former Fleet Air Arm aviator .
John Truby ( born 1952 ) is a screenwriter , director and screenwriting teacher .
John Wesley McCormick , Sr . ( 1754 - -1837 ) was a nineteenth - century settler in Indiana .
Alicia ( Zumpino ) Roberts ( born c. 1981 ) is a former Miss Philadelphia who now serves as the Regional Vice President of Retail Sales for ChatID , a technology company connecting retailers and brands one - on - one with their customers .
Amber L. Hollibaugh ( born 1946 ) is an American writer , film - maker and political activist .
Liu Fu - hao ( simplified Chinese : 刘芙豪 ; traditional Chinese : 劉芙豪 ; pinyin : Liú Fúháo ) born November 14 , 1978 , is a Taiwanese baseball player who currently plays for Uni - President Lions of Chinese Professional Baseball League .
Govindarajan Padmanaban ( born 20 March 1938 , Madras ) is an Indian biochemist and biotechnologist .
Gritakumar E. Chitty ( born 14 June 1939 in Colombo ) is a Sri Lankan Jurists and former Registrar of the International Tribunal for the Law of the Sea .
Crescent Porter Hale ( 1872 - -1937 ) was an American industrialist who was involved in the canned salmon industry in Bristol Bay , Alaska throughout his adult life .
Theophilus John McKee , Born 1880 , Died August 4 , 1948 .
Mimi Lo Man - chong ( born 30 December 1974 ) , is a cantopop singer , actress , and radio DJ , having released 11 studio albums and appearing in numerous films , television dramas and stage productions , currently affiliated with TVB in Hong Kong .
Yasutoshi Yukawa ( born 1941 - 25.8.2014 ) was a Japanese linguist who contributed to African and Tibetan linguistics .
Vittoria Valmaggia ( Oria , 29 March 1944 - Modena , 31 October 2009 ) was an Italian artist .
Margherita Spiluttini ( born 1947 ) is an Austrian photographer specializing in architecture .
Dejan Petrovic ( Serbian Cyrillic : Дејан Петровић , Dejan Petrović ; born 3 April 1978 ) is an Australian - born Serbian tennis coach and former professional tennis player .
Fransiskus Xaverius Sukendar Wignyosumarta ( born 8 August 1964 ) was the Vicar General of the Archdiocese of Semarang .
Isbrand van Diemerbroeck ( also Ijsbrand or Ysbrand ) ( 13 December 1609 -- 16 November 1674 ) was a Dutch physician , anatomist , and professor .
Igor Radrezza ( born 6 June 1993 ) is an Italian footballer who plays for Lega Pro side Renate , as of 2014 - -15 season .
Rami Makhlouf ( Arabic : رامي مخلوف‎ , born 10 July 1969 ) is a wealthy Syrian businessman and the maternal cousin of President Bashar al - Assad .
John Maultsby ( born 1981 ) , better known by his stage name D.O.E. ( Dominant Over Everyone ) is an American rapper / songwriter , born in North Side Queens .
Tamara Beckwith ( born 17 April 1970 ) is an English celebrity .
Henry Goslin MC , ( 9 November 1909 -- December 1943 ) , better known as Harry Goslin , was an English footballer who played for Bolton Wanderers for the whole of his professional career .
Daisy Beaumont ( born 29 June 1973 ) is an English actress , arguably most known for her work parodying celebrities such as Catherine Zeta - Jones , Victoria Beckham and Katie Price on the Channel 4 comedy show Star Stories .
Dave Molinari ( born 1955 in Glassport , Pennsylvania ) is an American sports journalist for the Pittsburgh Post - Gazette in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania .
Jan III van Montfoort ( or Johan van Montfoort ) , ( ca . 1448 -- March 28 , 1522 ) was Viscount of Montfoort , Lord of Zuid - Polsbroek , Lord of Purmerend - Purmerland , and a leader of the Hook Party in the Bishopric of Utrecht .
Austin Stevens ( born 19 May 1950 ) is a South African herpetologist , wildlife photographer , film maker and author best known for hosting a series of snake documentaries , best known of which is Austin Stevens :
Lee Li Lian ( simplified Chinese : 李丽连 ; traditional Chinese : 李麗連 ; pinyin : Li Lìlián , born 19 July 1978 ) is a Singaporean politician .
Bård Eker ( born 10 October 1961 ) is a Norwegian industrial designer and entrepreneur .
Paudie O'Dwyer ( born 1982 ) is an Irish hurler who currently played as a right wing - back for the Limerick senior team .
Otelo Ocampos Espíndola ( born 10 June 1983 in Escobar , Paraguarí Department ) is a Paraguayan footballer who currently plays as a striker for Primera División Chilena club Universidad de Concepción .
Hidajet Biščević ( often spelled Hido Biščević ; born 18 September 1951 in Sarajevo ) is a Croatian diplomat , former Secretary General of the Regional Cooperation Council .
Rune E. Kristiansen ( born 30 October 1948 ) was a Norwegian typographer , trade unionist and politician for the Labour Party .
Joey Meng Yee - man ( born 2 October 1970 ) is a Hong Kong actress , model , and beauty spokesperson .
Knut Liestøl ( 13 November 1881 -- 26 June 1952 ) was a Norwegian folklorist , Nynorsk proponent and politician .
Carol J. Adams ( born 1951 ) is an American writer , feminist , and animal rights advocate .
Roger Schawinski ( born 11 June 1945 in Zurich ) is a Swiss journalist and entrepreneur as well as the creator of Swiss consumer watchdog program Kassensturz ( English ' cash check ' ) .
Ric Frazier ( born April 1971 in Freeport , Texas ) is an American photographer and an advertising director specializing in underwater photography .
José María Amigó Ferrer ( 17 October 1854 -- 1 October 1934 ) was a Spanish Roman Catholic who served as the Bishop of Segorbe .
Georgios Moraitinis ( Greek : Γεώργιος Μωραϊτίνης , born 1892 , date of death unknown ) was a Greek sport shooter .
Saviour Montebello , son of Joseph ( 1730 - -1768 ) and Catherine née Caruana ( 1731 - - ? ) , was born at Zejtun , Malta , on 9 June 1762 .
Carmen M. Pursifull ( born September 1 , 1930 ) is a former New York City Latin dance and Latin American music figure of the 1950s , and since 1970 in Illinois , is an English - language free verse poet who was a top ten finalist nominee for Poet Laureate of that state in 2003 .
Janez Bončina , nicknamed Benč ( born 3 December 1947 ) is a Slovenian composer , guitarist and singer .
Dong Yong ( other names : 董勇 , Tung Yung ; born 15 December 1968 , China ) is a Chinese actor .
Ioan Iacob Heraclid ( or Eraclid ) ( 1511 - -1563 ) , also known as Jacob Heraclides , was a Greek soldier and ruler of Moldavia from November 1561 to November 1563 , most notable for being the first officially Protestant monarch in Eastern Europe .
James Vincent Murphy ( 7 July 1880 -- 5 July 1945 ) was an Irish translator , writer , and journalist , who published one of the first complete English translations of Mein Kampf in 1939 .
Emőke Szőcs ( born 20 October 1985 ) is a Hungarian professional biathlonist .
Naveen D. Padil ( born November 11 , 1969 ) is an Indian theatre and film actor who has performed in over a thousand plays mostly in Tulu language .
Rita Guerra ( born Rita Maria de Azevedo Mafra Guerra on 22 October 1967 ) is a Portuguese singer .
Yuta Kinowaki ( born 22 January 1991 ) is a Japanese professional footballer who plays midfielder for Aizawl in the I - League .
James Stannage , born 22 February 1950 , is an English late night talk show radio host .
Enzo L'Acqua is an Italian painter and ceramist born in Savona in 1938 .
Kirk Reynoldson ( born 11 March 1979 in Brisbane , Queensland ) is an Australian professional rugby league footballer for the St. George Illawarra Dragons of the National Rugby League .
Robert Manuel Cook FBA ( 4 July 1909 -- 10 August 2000 ) was a classical scholar and classical archaeologist from England with expertise in Greek painted vases .
Ayya Sudhamma Bhikkhuni ( born in 1963 in Charlotte , North Carolina ) is abbess of Charlotte Buddhist Vihara .
Ramadhan Nsanzurwimo ( born in 1966 ) is a Burundian football manager .
Wang Guangyi ( in Chinese:王广义 , born 1957 ) is a Chinese artist .
Hanneke Hoefnagel ( born 12 October 1988 ) is a former Dutch gymnast , whose favorite discipline was the beam .
Dime Jankulovski ( born 18 June 1977 ) is a Swedish football coach and former professional player of Macedonian descent who is currently manager for Lärje - Angered IF .
Terry Ruane ( born 21 November 1946 in Croydon , Surrey ) is an English actor and director who became profoundly deaf as a result of meningitis at the age of five .
Fabian Roosenbrand ( born 18 December 1988 in Almelo ) is a former Dutch darts player , who currently resides in Enschede .
Jim Mullen ( born 26 November 1945 ) is a Glasgow - born jazz guitarist with a distinctive style , like Wes Montgomery before him , picking with the thumb rather than a plectrum .
Detto Mariano ( born 27 July 1937 ) is an Italian composer , arranger , lyricist , pianist , record producer and music publisher .
Christopher Wandesford , 1st Viscount Castlecomer ( 19 August 1656 -- 15 September 1707 ) was an Anglo - Irish politician and peer .
Peter Doig ( /ˈdɔɪɡ/ DOYG ; born 17 April 1959 ) is a Scottish painter .
Pushpa Bhuyan ( c. 1946 -- 7 October 2015 ) was an Indian classical dancer specialising in the Indian classical dance forms of Bharatanatyam and Sattriya .
Luís Carlos Pereira Carneiro ( born 8 September 1988 ) , known as Licá , is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays for Vitória S.C. on loan from FC Porto as a right winger .
Gigi Rigamonti ( born 8 April 1949 ) is an Italian artist , sculptor and designer .
Andreas Petrus Lundin ( 21 July 1869 -- August 29 , 1929 ) , or Andrew Peter Lundin I , was an engineer for the Welin Marine Equipment Company .
Vittorio Bellentani ( 1906 - 26 March 1968 ) was an Italian automobile engineer and racing driver .
Yoann Kowal ( born 28 May 1987 ) is a French middle distance runner who specializes in the 1500 metres and 3000 metres steeplechase .
Marie Eliane Saholinirina ( born 20 March 1983 in Betsihaka ) is an Malagasy athlete who specialises in the 1500 metres .
Philip Deignan ( Irish : Pilib Ó Duígeannáin ; born 7 September 1983 ) is an Irish Olympian and professional road racing cyclist for UCI ProTeam Team Sky .
Leonard W. Miller ( born 1934 ) is one of two black motor racing pioneers living in the United States .
David Wessels ( born 1982 ) , is a South African professional rugby union football coach .
Zoltán Stieber ( Hungarian pronunciation : ( ˈzoltaːn ˈʃtiːbɛr ) ; born 16 October 1988 ) is a professional Hungarian footballer of German descent who plays for 1 .
Najm Hamad al - Ahmad ( Arabic : نجم حمد الأحمد‎ ) ( born 1969 ) is a Syrian jurist and justice minister .
Alfred Guzzetti ( born 1942 ) is a maker of documentary and experimental films and tapes .
Radovan Brenkus ( born 30 January 1974 , Bardejov ) is a Slovak writer , translator and critic .
Carlos Espeleta ( born April 22 , 1985 or March 21 , 1984 ) is an Argentine weightlifter .
Kelvin Batey ( b. 9 May 1981 from Market Warsop , Nottinghamshire ) is a British born professional `` Mid / Current School '' Bicycle Motocross ( BMX ) racer who competed for Great Britain from the start of his career until 2008 and then for Ireland .
Lillian Roxon ( 8 February 1932 -- 10 August 1973 ) was a noted Australian journalist and author , best known for Lillian Roxon 's Rock Encyclopedia ( 1969 ) .
Charles Coolidge Parlin ( 1872 -- October 15 , 1942 ) was the American `` manager of the division of commercial research of the Curtis Publishing Company '' in charge of selling advertising spots in the Saturday Evening Post .
Maharani Gina Narayan , née Georgina May Egan ( c. 1930 -- 14 January 2013 ) , was a British - born Indian royal , being the second wife of the Maharaja of Cooch Behar , Jagaddipendra Narayan .
Andrew Sabin ( born 1958 , London , England ) studied at Chelsea College of Art ( 1979 - 1983 ) where he worked as a senior lecturer until 2006 .
Gregory Euclide ( born 1974 ) is an American contemporary artist and teacher who currently lives and works outside of Minneapolis , Minnesota .
Dr. C. Sylendra Babu IPS ( born 5 June 1962 ) is an Indian Police Service Officer of the 1987 batch belonging to the Tamil Nadu cadre .
Chris Lamb ( born 11 March 1981 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with the Melbourne Football Club in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) and with the Sandringham Football Club in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Annette Weintraub ( born 1946 ) is an American new media artist and writer .
Li Zhiguo ( simplified Chinese : 李志国 ; traditional Chinese : 李志國 ; pinyin : Lĭ Zhìguó ; born October 1956 ) is a Chinese diplomat and currently the Chinese Ambassador to Libya .
Halldis Neegaard Østbye , née Halldis Neegaard ( 23 May 1896 -- 13 Oct 1983 ) was a Norwegian anti - Semite and national socialist .
William Hedley Kett , DSC and Bar ( 28 July 1913 -- 28 June 2014 ) was a British submariner who commanded two ships during the Second World War .
Wally Matera ( born 9 September 1963 ) is a former Australian rules footballer of Indigenous and Italian heritage .
Giuseppe Cindolo ( born 5 August 1945 ) is an Italian former long - distance runner , third at the 1974 European Athletics Championships on 10000 metres .
Herminio Jose Lualhati Alcasid , Jr. ( born 27 August 1967 ) , known as Ogie Alcasid is a Filipino singer - songwriter , television presenter , comedian , parodist , and actor .
Maud de Braose , Lady of Bramber ( c. 1155 -- 1210 ) was the wife of William de Braose , 4th Lord of Bramber , a powerful Marcher baron and court favourite of King John of England .
Pietro Paolo Baldini ( 1614?-1684 ? ) was an Italian painter of the Baroque period .
Leonor Maia , pseudonym of Maria da Conceição de Vasconcelos ( born 8 December 1921 ) was a Portuguese film actress active in the 1940s , best remembered for her role in The Tyrant Father .
Satoru Tanigawa ( Japanese : 谷川聡 ; born 5 July 1972 in Tokyo ) is a retired Japanese athlete who specialised in the 110 metres hurdles .
Stancho Kolev Ivanov ( Bulgarian : Станчо Колев Иванов , born 11 April 1937 ) is a retired Bulgarian freestyle wrestler .
Bernard Breslin ( 2 May 1874 -- 10 November 1913 ) was a Scottish footballer , who played for Hibernian , the Scottish League and Scotland .
Princess Leopoldina of Savoy ( Leopoldina Maria ; 21 December 1744 -- 17 April 1807 ) was a Princess of Savoy and later the Princess of Melfi , as wife of Giovanni Andrea VI Doria - Pamphilj - Landi , ( 13 ) Prince of Melfi .
Louis - Martin Berthault ( 30 September 1770 -- 16 August 1823 ) was a French architect , decorator , engraver and landscape artist .
Allan Dellon Santos Dantas or simply Allan Dellon ( born 16 February 1979 ) , is a Brazilian striker .
Zaim Muzaferija ( 9 March 1923 -- 5 November 2003 ) was a Bosnian film , television and stage actor and poet .
Ahmet İlhan Özek ( born 1 January 1988 ) is a Turkish footballer who plays as a winger for Turkish Süper Lig club Çaykur Rizespor .
Wendy Jane Walker ( born , 1964 , Manchester , Lancashire ) is an actress who became well known during the 1980s for playing Susan Barlow in the ITV Soap Opera , Coronation Street .
Mohammed Awol Ibrahim ( born 1978 in Wollo ) is an Ethiopian runner who specializes in cross - country running .
Zhang Yueran ( Chinese:张悦然 , born 1982 ) is a Chinese writer .
Maxon Crumb ( born 1945 ) is an American artist and the younger brother of underground cartoonist Robert Crumb and Charles Crumb , and the uncle of Sophie Crumb , he also has two sisters , Carol DeGennaro and Sandra Colorado , who is the widow of writer Marty Pahls , a Robert Crumb crony .
Madeline Cox Arleo ( born 1963 ) is a United States District Judge of the United States District Court for the District of New Jersey and a former United States Magistrate Judge of the same court .
Vadim Afonin ( Russian : Вадим Афонин , born 29 September 1987 ) is an Uzbek - Russian footballer who currently plays for Gazovik Orenburg .
Dina Zaman ( born 1969 , Kuala Lumpur ) is a Malaysian writer whose works have been published in the media .
Jaycee Chan Jo - ming ( born 3 December 1982 ) is an American - born Hong Kong actor and singer .
Eser Yağmur ( born 29 May 1983 ) is a Turkish professional footballer who last played as a striker for Kartalspor .
Little is known of the early life of the Korean Seon master Hyujeong ( Hangul : 휴정 ; hanja : 休靜 , 1520 - 1604 ) other than that he was born in 1520 and that he became a monk .
Pedro Penedo ( born 16 May 1977 ) , better known as Pedro Cazanova , is a Portuguese house music disc jockey and record producer .
Jan Tichy ( 1974 ) is a Chicago based artist and educator , born in Czechoslovakia .
Christian Sulheim ( born 5 August 1952 ) is a Norwegian cultural heritage conservationist , farmer and businessman .
Jeremy Metcalfe ( born 9 April 1988 in Fleet , Hampshire ) is a British motor racing driver who last competed in 2008 in the British GT Championship where he finished the season as Vice - Champion along with team - mate Luke Hines .
Joseph Kimani ( September 1 , 1972 - November 1 , 2012 ) was a Kenyan long - distance runner who competed over 10,000 metres on the track and in road running competitions .
Sini Jose ( Malayalam : സിനി ജോസ് ) ( born 25 May 1987 ) is an Indian sprint athlete from Ernakulam district , Kerala who specializes in 400 metres .
Courttia Newland ( 25 August 1973 ) is a British writer of Jamaican and Bajan heritage .
Tajudeen Obasa ( born 29 August 1970 ) was born in Ojo , a town and local government area in Lagos .
Christian Noël ( born 13 March 1945 ) is a retired French foil fencer , and medalists in four consecutive Olympics , from 1964 to 1976 .
William Martin Beauchamp ( March 25 , 1830 - -1925 ) was an American ethnologist and Episcopal clergyman .
Ermin Gadžo ( born 19 May 1990 ) is a Bosnian footballer who last played for IFK Mariehamn in the Finnish Veikkausliiga .
Luis Filcer ( born 1927 ) is a Mexican Expressionist painter , whose works generally deal with themes of injustice and struggle .
Walter Meeuws ( born 11 July 1951 ) is a retired Belgian footballer and current manager .
Natsue Yoshimura ( 吉村夏枝 Yoshimura Natsue , born 19 August 1973 ) is a former J - pop singer and member of the groups Lip 's and Nanatsuboshi .
May Sinclair was the pseudonym of Mary Amelia St. Clair ( 24 August 1863 -- 14 November 1946 ) , a popular British writer who wrote about two dozen novels , short stories and poetry .
Eric Garris ( born December 1953 ) is an activist in the libertarian movement in the United States He is the founding webmaster of two prominent libertarian websites , Antiwar.com and LewRockwell.com .
Domagoj Kapec ( 10 December 1989 , Zagreb , then SR Croatia-- 10 September 2008 ) was a Croatian ice hockey player who last played for KHL Zagreb .
Mory Sinkoun Kaba ( 1933 -- 2015 ) , known as Kaba Mory or MS , was a Guinean businessman and philanthropist .
Angela Bruce ( born 1951 ) is an English actress , noted for her television work .
Antonio María García ( 1868 -- July 24 , 1923 ) , nicknamed `` El Inglés '' ( `` The Englishman '' ) , was a Cuban baseball catcher in the Cuban League .
Mohammad Nazir ( born 8 March 1946 ) is a former Pakistani cricketer who played in 14 Tests and 4 One Day International matches from 1969 to 1984 and became a cricket umpire after he retired from professional cricket .
J. Anthony Holmes ( born 1950 ) was the Deputy to the Commander for Civil - Military Activity , U.S. Africa Command until 2012 .
Ingrid Rosas is a Mexican abstract artist born in León , Guanajuato in 1967 .
John Martin Harvey ( 22 June 1863 -- 14 May 1944 ) , known after his knighthood in 1921 as Sir John Martin - Harvey , was an English stage actor .
Munsur Ali ( Bengali : মুনসুর আলী ; born 25 May 1978 ) Bangladeshi - born British film producer , screenwriter , director and social entrepreneur .
Sumrit Shahi was born on 12 February 1993 into a family of builders , in Chandigarh , India .
Du Chun ( born 22 May 1981 ) is a Chinese actor best known for playing leading roles in many television series , including The Emperor in Han Dynasty , The Legend of the Banner Hero and In Enemy Camp for 18 Years 2 .
Rory Harper ( born 1950 ) is an American science fiction writer and community activist living in College Station , Texas .
Virendra Kumar Sakhlecha ( Hindi : वीरेंद्र कुमार सखलेचा ) ( 4 March 1930 -- 1999 ) was an Indian politician and the chief minister of the Indian state of Madhya Pradesh from 18 January 1978 to 19 January 1980 .
Lee Beard ( born 1975 in Salford , England ) is a British boxing trainer .
Yves Tronc ( born 30 June 1960 ) is a French sport shooter who specializes in the trap .
Jock Sturges ( born 1947 , New York ) is an American photographer , best known for his images of nude adolescents and their families .
Till Fellner ( born 9 March 1972 ) is an Austrian pianist .
William Saburo Yoshida ( Japanese : 吉田三郎 , December 1921- February 17 , 2005 ) , better known as Bill Yoshida , was a long time letterer for Archie Comics .
Vicente Grau Juan ( born 6 April 1968 in València ) is a professional Valencian pilota player known as Grau .
Linghu Defen ( Chinese : 令狐德棻 ; pinyin : Línghú Défēn ) ( 582 - -666 ) , formally Duke Xian of Pengyang ( 彭陽憲公 ) , was an official of the Chinese dynasties Sui Dynasty and Tang Dynasty .
Father Doctor Giuseppe Ambrosoli ( 25 July 1923 - 27 March 1987 ) , often referred to as Father Giuseppe or as Dr. Ambrosoli , was a Catholic priest , physician , surgeon , missionary , philanthropist , educator and visionary in Uganda .
Luke Eves ( born 11 April 1989 in Bristol , England ) is a rugby union player for Bristol Rugby in the Championship .
Tom Sinclair ( born 1957 ) was the 1979 NCAA Division I national champion for the javelin throw .
Verity Sharp ( born 1970 ) is a television and radio presenter from England .
Zhang Xiaobai ( simplified Chinese : 张小白 ; traditional Chinese : 張小白 ; pinyin : Zhāng Xiǎobaí ; born 19 December 1982 ) is a Chinese comics artist .
John Otterbein Snyder ( 1867 - 1943 ) was an American ichthyologist and professor of zoology at Stanford University .
Yang Xiaochao ( Chinese : 杨晓超 ; born November 1958 ) is a Chinese politician and senior auditor who spent most of his career in Beijing .
George Duckworth ( 9 May 1901 -- 5 January 1966 ) was a professional cricketer who played first - class cricket for Lancashire and England .
Anne Jarvis ( born 31 July 1962 ) is the first woman to be the university librarian at the University of Cambridge .
Cheryl Baker ( born Rita Maria Crudgington ; 8 March 1954 ) is an English television presenter and singer .
Grant Morrison , MBE ( born 31 January 1960 ) is a Scottish comic book writer , playwright , and occultist .
Thiago Pinto Borges ( born 22 October 1988 ) , commonly known simply as Thiago , is a Brazilian footballer , who plays for Þróttur of the 1 .
Stephen Hopgood ( born 1965 ) is Professor of International Relations at the SOAS , University of London .
Richie Murray ( born 1982 in Ballinasloe ) is an Irish sportsperson .
Øyvin Thon ( born 25 March 1958 ) is a Norwegian orienteering competitor , and several times world champion .
Darrell Eastlake ( born 11 July 1942 ) is a former Australian television presenter .
Miwako Yamanaka ( born 24 May 1978 ) is a retired Japanese long - distance runner .
Michael Sadleir ( 25 December 1888 -- 13 December 1957 ) was a British novelist and book collector .
Mattie Delaney ( ca . 1905 -- unknown ) was an American delta blues singer and guitarist .
Leif Silbersky ( born 8 March 1938 in Malmö , Skåne ) is a well - known Swedish lawyer and author , living in Stockholm .
Cormac Devlin ( born 30 August 1980 ) is an Irish Fianna Fáil politician who is a County Councillor on Dún Laoghaire Rathdown County Council representing the Dún Laoghaire local electoral area .
Elfriede Wever ( later Senden , 6 July 1900 -- 30 November 1941 ) was a German runner .
Armando Lucero ( 1942 -- May 5 , 2010 ) was an Argentine man arrested in 2009 on charges of raping one of his daughters over a period of 20 years .
Sveinbjörn Egilsson ( 24 February 1791 -- 17 August 1852 ) was an Icelandic theologian , classicist , teacher , translator and poet .
Robert W. Patten ( 1832 - -1913 ) was a Seattleite from the turn of the 20th century .
Keith Milte ( 28 May 1917 -- 21 August 2003 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Geelong and Collingwood in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Neeraj Goswami ( Devanagari : नीरज गोस्वामी ) , born in Patna in 1964 , is an Indian Artist .
Miguel Janssen ( born 5 September 1970 in Oranjestad ) is a retired Dutch - Aruban athlete who competed in sprinting events .
Eddy Beugels ( born 19 March 1944 ) is a retired Dutch cyclist who won a silver medal in the team time trial at the 1966 UCI Road World Championships .
Claire Démar ( 1799 - -1833 ) , was a feminist , journalist and writer , member of the Saint - Simonian movement .
Cahit Karakaş ( born 1928 ) is a Turkish engineer and a former politician .
He was born on 18 December 1847 , in North Shields in northern England the son of Dr John Byrom Bramwell and Mary Young .
José Antolin Toledano , ( born 1936 Quintana del Puente , Palencia , Spain ) , is a Spanish industrialist .
Ellen Gable ( born 1959 ) is an American author of Catholic fiction .
Neil Tolson ( born 25 October 1973 ) is an English former footballer who is currently assistant manager to Lee Sinnott at Conference National side Altrincham after being sacked as manager of Hyde in May 2011 .
Ulrich Hensel ( born 1946 ) is a German visual artist known for his large format colour photographs of construction sites .
Robert Kelsell Wright ( 1858 - -1908 ) was the third eldest son of Joseph & Ann Wright of Avenue Farm , Waverton , Cheshire .
Ababel Yeshaneh Birhane ( born 22 July 1991 ) is an Ethiopian long - distance runner who competes in track , road and cross country events .
Adam Vayer ( Hebrew : אדם וייר‎ , born 16 August 1987 ) is an Israeli footballer .
Murray Bail ( born 22 September 1941 ) is an Australian writer of novels , short stories and non - fiction .
Katherine Ebbs ( born 29 July 1993 ) is an Australian football ( soccer ) player currently playing for Embry - Riddle Aeronautical University Women 's Soccer in The Sun Conference in Daytona Beach , Florida .
Joseph George Cumming , MA Cantab . , ( 15 February 1812 -- 21 December 1868 ) was an English geologist and archaeologist .
Lorenz Saladin ( 28 October 1896 -- 7 September 1936 ) , was a Swiss mountain - climber , journalist , photographer and traveler .
Peter Lotharius Oxholm ( 10 July 1753 -- 27 July 1827 ) was a Danish army officer and governor - general of the Danish West Indies from 1815 to 1816 .
Ruth Galanter ( born about 1941 ) was an environmentalist who served on the Los Angeles , California , City Council from 1987 to 2003 and was known for supporting `` slow growth '' policies on the city 's Westside and elsewhere .
Li Dalong ( born 21 October 1980 ) is a Chinese long jumper .
Mario Marzi ( born 29 July 1964 ) is an Italian saxophonist .
Eugenio Zanetti ( born in 1949 ) is an Argentine dramatist , painter , film set designer , and theater and opera director .
Hipólito de Villegas y Fernández Manzanares ( 13 August 1761 - 12 April 1838 ) was a Chilean political figure , who participated actively in the war of independence in that country , and served as its first Minister of Finance .
Shin Jin - won ( Hangul : 신진원 , born 27 September 1974 ) is retired South Korean footballer and current coach .
Fruzsina Takács ( born 15 August 1992 in Dunaújváros ) is a Hungarian handballer who currently plays for Dunaújvárosi NKS in left back position .
Daniel Xhafaj ( born 8 March 1977 ) is an Albanian football player who played as a striker and who is known for his goalscoring ability .
Slavko Brankov ( 19 May 1951 -- 8 August 2006 ) was a Croatian theatre , television and film actor .
João Salaviza Manso Feldman da Silva ( born 19 February 1984 ) , commonly known as João Salaviza , is a Portuguese film director and actor .
Phil Hamer ( born 13 August 1990 in Salford ) is an English semi - professional ice hockey player , currently playing for the Manchester Phoenix in the ENL .
Simon Daniel ( born 10 March 1971 ) is a British inventor and entrepreneur .
Basavaraj Bommai ( born 28 January 1960 ) is EX - Minister for Water resources in the Government of Karnataka .
Pope Innocent VII ( Latin : Innocentius VII ; 1339 -- 6 November 1406 ) , born Cosimo de ' Migliorati , was Pope from 17 October 1404 to his death in 1406 .
Blanka Vlašić ( Croatian pronunciation : ( ˈblaːŋka ˈʋlaʃitɕ ) ) ( born 8 November 1983 ) is a Croatian athlete who specialises in the high jump .
Kevin Mark Holness ( born 11 November 1980 ) , better known as Mighty Mystic , is a Jamaican born , Boston , Massachusetts - based reggae artist .
Ira Rubinoff ( born 1938 ) is an American marine biologist and was a former director of the Smithsonian Tropical Research Institute in Panama .
James Cutbush ( born 1788 in Pennsylvania ; died at West Point , New York , on 15 December 1823 ) was a United States chemist .
Thomas Rivett ( 1679 - -1724 ) was a British politician .
Alessandro Scatena ( born 20 December 1946 in Lucca ) was an Italian athlete who mainly competed in the 400 metre hurdles .
Yang Shuzi ( born 1933 ) is a Chinese engineer and educator .
Samuel Hutt , known by the stage name Hank Wangford ( born 15 November 1940 ) , is an English country and western songwriter .
Lesley Waters ( born 3 April 1960 ) is an English celebrity chef .
Antony Thomas ( born 26 July 1940 ) is an English documentary film maker , director and author who has made films for , among others , Channel 4 , the BBC and HBO .
Maria Nyerere ( born Maria Waningu Gabriel Magige in 1930 ) served as the inaugural First Lady of Tanzania from 1964 to 1985 .
Rasoul Khatibi ( Persian : رسول خطیبی‎‎ , born 22 September 1978 ) is an Iranian football retired player and coach who manages Azadegan League team Machine Sazi .
Alex Jacobowitz ( born 19 May 1960 in New York ) is a classically trained street performer who plays the marimba and xylophone .
Dave Ekins ( born 1932 in Los Angeles , California ) is an American off - road racing pioneer having set the first Tijuana to La Paz timed - run in under-40 hours aboard a Honda CL72 Scrambler in 1962 .
Nick Stevens ( born 3 January 1980 ) is a former Australian rules footballer in the Australian Football League and former coach of South Australian National Football League club Glenelg .
Otari Totochiya ( Georgian : ოთარ ტოტოჩია ; Russian : Отари Тоточия , born 1959 in Sukhumi ) is a prominent Russian criminal leader operating as a legal thief in the Moscow region .
Paul Bryce ( born 12 July 1968 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with North Melbourne , Melbourne and the Sydney Swans in the Victorian / Australian Football League ( VFL / AFL ) .
Mitsos Dimitriou or Dimitrios Dimitriou ( Greek : Μήτσος Δημητρίου , Δημήτρης Δημητρίου ; born in 1948 ) was a Greek football defender .
Zoketsu Norman Fischer ( c. 1946 ) is an American Soto Zen roshi , poet and Buddhist author practicing in the lineage of Shunryu Suzuki .
Sterling Ruby ( born 1972 ) is an American artist who works in a large variety of media including ceramics , painting , drawing , collage , sculpture and video .
Gao Siren ( Chinese : 高祀仁 ; pinyin : Gāo Sìrén ; born March 1944 in Qingdao , Shandong ) was the director of the Liaison Office of the Central People 's Government in the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region from 2002 to 2009 .
Eraldo Da Roma ( born Eraldo Judiconi , 1 March 1900 -- 27 May 1981 ) was an Italian film editor best known for his work with Roberto Rossellini , Vittorio De Sica , and Michelangelo Antonioni .
Timothy Rogers ( 1658 - -1728 ) was an English nonconformist minister , known as an author on depression as a sufferer .
David Glenn ( born 30 November 1962 ) is an English former professional footballer who played as a full back .
Dwight E. Adams ( born 2 February 1955 ) , is one of the world 's foremost forensic scientists .
Sophie Gimber Kuhn ( 8 November 1838 -- 1867 ) was an English actress from Temple Bar , London who came to the United States on a visit with her parents .
Akshar Pathak ( born 20 September 1989 ) is an artist and a graphic designer who creates posters of Bollywood films , based on one element kept in association with the film .
Ahmed Al - Jarallah ( Born 1942 . Full name Ahmad Abdel Aziz Al - Jarallah ) is a Kuwaiti journalist , author , and the editor - in - chief of the Kuwaiti newspapers Arab Times and Al - Seyassah and owner of the weekly magazine Al - Hadaf .
Joseph Zupicich ( October 1893 -- April 11 , 1987 ) was a crewmember on the RMS Carpathia when RMS Titanic survivors came on board on April 15 , 1912 .
Sufrim Lopes ( born 25 March 1981 in Bissau ) is a footballer from Guinea - Bissau who plays as a midfielder for S.C.U. Torreense in the Portuguese Second Division .
Carmen Rodallega ( born 15 July 1983 ) is a Colombian international football player who plays for Escuela Carlos Sarmiento Lora in her home country .
Justice Raghuvendra Singh Rathore ( born 1 July 1953 ) is a judge at the Jaipur bench of Rajasthan High Court
Nur Sürer ( b. 1954 , Bursa ) is a Turkish actress .
Rex Deeath ( born 9 March 1949 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for Geelong in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) now known as the Australian Football League ( AFL ) .
Raghavji ( born 7 July 1934 at Vidisha ) is an Indian politician .
Peter K. Jones ( 1838 -- ? ) was an American Republican politician who served as a member of the Virginia House of Delegates , representing Greensville County from 1869 to 1877 .
Yunreng ( 6 June 1674 -- 27 January 1725 ) , born Yinreng , was a Manchu prince of the Qing Dynasty and heir apparent to the Chinese imperial throne for two terms between 1675 and 1712 .
Anthony Pritzker ( born 1961 ) is a member of the Pritzker family and an heir to the Hyatt Hotel fortune ; he serves as Managing Partner of the Pritzker Group .
Tracy Nakayama ( born 1974 ) is a contemporary American artist who lives and works in Los Angeles , California and was born in Honolulu , Hawaii .
Dick Warner ( born on 19 July 1946 ) is an Irish environmentalist , writer and broadcaster .
Gabriella Cecchi ( b. 3 Nov 1944 ) is an Italian pianist , music educator and composer .
Erol Mütercimler ( born 1954 in Kars , Turkey ) is a Turkish journalist , columnist and academic .
Christian Duffy ( born 1961 ) , also known as Chris Duffy , is an American professional bodybuilder .
Steve McVey ( born 1954 ) is an evangelical Christian author and speaker .
Alex Tintaru ( born 25 April 1977 in Moldova ) is the bass player for Turkish rock bands Direc - t and Dorian .
John Greenwall , also known as Johann Theodore Wild ( 1859 -- December 6 , 1889 ) was a German immigrant to New York City who became the last person to be hanged in New York State .
Reid Anderson ( born 15 October 1970 ) is a bassist and composer originally from Minnesota .
Cesare Berlingeri ( born 1948 ) is an Italian contemporary artist , mostly known for his folded paintings
Brett Allen ( born 14 April 1966 ) is a retired Australian rules football field umpire in the Australian Football League .
Lynne Kositsky ( born 1947 ) is an award - winning Canadian author of poetry and young adult historical fiction .
Gundula Krause ( born 7 July 1966 ) is a German folk violinist .
Philipp Schörghofer ( born 20 January 1983 ) is an Austrian World Cup alpine ski racer .
Esther Dyson ( born 14 July 1951 ) is a Swiss - born American journalist , author , businesswoman , investor , commentator and philanthropist .
Idilia Dubb ( 1834 -- June 1851 ) was a 17-year - old Scottish woman whose demise in the abandoned Lahneck Castle while vacationing in Germany became famous through a diary she allegedly kept as she slowly starved to death .
Tiger Chen ( simplified Chinese : 陈虎 ; traditional Chinese : 陳虎 ; pinyin : Chén Hǔ ; born 3 March 1975 ) is a Chinese martial artist and actor .
William Teel Baird ( c. 1819 -- February 23 , 1897 ) was born on the upper Saint John River in New Brunswick where his father , John Baird , was a school teacher .
Michel Armengot ( born 16 September 1961 ) , more commonly known as Art Mengo , is a French singer and songwriter .
Manjula Padmanabhan ( born 1953 ) is a playwright , journalist , comic strip artist , and children 's book author .
Arūnas Matelis ( 9 April 1961 , Kaunas ) is an acclaimed Lithuanian documentary film director .
Pär Hallström ( born 7 May 1947 ) is a Swedish legal writer and professor of Law at Umeå University .
Dov Ben - Dov ( born 2 March 1927 ) is an Israeli sports shooter .
Henrik Laurentius Helliesen ( 20 December 1824 -- 22 July 1900 ) was the Norwegian Minister of Finance for several periods between 1863 and 1883 , and a member of the Council of State Division in Stockholm several times between 1865 and 1884 .
Ron Shoval ( Hebrew : רון שובל ; born 4 September 1973 ) is an Israeli singer .
Barry Dunn ( born 15 February 1952 ) is an English former footballer who made 47 appearances in the Football League playing as a left winger for Sunderland , Preston North End and Darlington .
Mel Pinto ( born September 9 , 1923 , Tangiers , Morocco ) , became one of the first importers of European racing bikes into the United States in 1958 when he opened Mel Pinto Imports in northern Virginia and began selling Gitane bicycles on consignment .
Song Xu ( Chinese : 宋旭 ; pinyin : Sòng Xù ; Wade -- Giles : Sung Hsü , born 1525 ) , was a Chinese landscape painter .
Ross Pople ( born 11 May 1945 ) is a New Zealand - born British conductor .
George Grossmith ( 9 December 1847 -- 1 March 1912 ) was an English comedian , writer , composer , actor , and singer .
Franz Altschuler ( 1923 -- December 12 , 2009 ) was a German artist and illustrator who drew for Playboy , textbooks and newspapers , but also worked with fine art and drawing .
Margaret Gilmore ( born 9 February 1956 ) is a journalist , broadcaster , writer and analyst .
Sir Gerrard Napier , 1st Baronet ( 19 October 1606 -- 14 May 1673 ) , of Middle Marsh and Moor Crichel in Dorset , was an English Member of Parliament ( MP ) who supported the Royalists during the English Civil War .
Franco Brambilla ( born 23 March 1967 ) is an Italian science fiction illustrator .
Jochem George Paap ( born 1969 in Rotterdam ) , known by his stage name Speedy J , is a Dutch electronic music producer based in the city of Rotterdam .
Ronald Hynd ( born 22 April 1931 ) is an English choreographer , and in his youth was a ballet dancer .
Trishneet Arora ( born 2 November 1993 ) is an Indian author , cyber security expert , and entrepreneur .
Ezio Vendrame ( born 27 November 1947 ) is an Italian writer and former footballer , who played as a midfielder .
Darren Naish ( born 1975 ) is a British vertebrate palaeontologist and science writer .
Carl Bean ( born 1944 ) is the founding prelate of the Unity Fellowship Church Movement , a liberal protestant denomination that is particularly welcoming of lesbian , gay and bisexual African Americans .
Christopher Amott ( born 23 November 1977 ) is a Swedish guitarist and vocalist , younger brother of Michael Amott and founding member of the Swedish metal bands Arch Enemy and Armageddon .
Brook Pridemore ( born in 1979 in Detroit , Michigan , USA ) is a New York City based song writer , performer , and front man , .
Fedor Lukashenko ( Russian : Фёдор Лукашенко ; born 18 March 1974 ) is a retired Belarusian professional football player .
Muhamed Konjić ( born 14 May 1970 ) is a Bosnian former footballer who played as a centre back , most notably for English club Coventry City .
Janis Sidovský ( born 1968 ) is a Czech producer , manager and publicity supervisor .
Jean - Benoît Dunckel ( born 7 September 1969 ) is a French musician best known for being one half of the French music duo Air , along with Nicolas Godin .
Béatrice Kamboulé ( born 25 February 1980 ) is a Burkinabé athlete who competes in the 100 metres hurdles , long jump , triple jump as well as the heptathlon .
Giannis Gitsioudis ( Greek : Γιάννης Γκιτσιούδης ; born 17 March 1962 ) is a former Greek footballer .
Oscar Pulvermacher ( 1882 - -1958 ) was an Editor - in - Chief and member of the Board of Directors for The Daily Mail , a popular English tabloid .
Anja Eichhorst ( born c. 1971 ) is a German backstroke swimmer who won three medals at the European championships in 1989 , 1991 and 1992 .
Sean Hoy , also spelled Seán Hoy , ( born 1964 ) is an Irish diplomat from County Fermanagh .
Mitch Rivett ( born 6 November 1989 ) , is an Australian rugby league player for the Brisbane Broncos in the NRL competition and the Redcliffe Dolphins in the Queensland Cup .
David Cobley ( 27 June 1954 ) is an English portrait and figure painter and founder of Bath Artists ' Studios .
Paula Sage ( born c. 1980 ) is a Scottish actress , Special Olympics netball player , and advocate for people with Down syndrome .
Choi Myung - soo ( born January 12 , 1968 ) , better known by his stage name Choi Moo - sung , is a South Korean actor .
Zersenay Tadese ( Tigrinya : ዘርኢሰናይ ታደሰ ; born 8 February 1982 ) is an Eritrean long - distance track , and road running athlete .
Thomas Bihl ( born 1975 ) is a German poker player who became the first person to win a World Series of Poker bracelet outside Las Vegas , Nevada .
Eduardo César Daude Gaspar ( born 15 May 1978 ) , commonly known as Edu or Edu Gaspar , is a retired Brazilian footballer who is currently director of football at his former club Corinthians .
Sheikh Abdul Amir al - Jamri ( pronunciation ; SHAYK - AHB - dehl - ah - MEER - al - JAHM - ree Arabic : شيخ عبدالأمير الجمري‎;1 March 1938 -- 18 December 2006 ) was one of the most prominent Shia clerics and opposition leaders in Bahrain .
Brigitte Kraus ( born 12 August 1956 in Bensberg ) is a retired West German middle distance runner who specialized in the 1500 and 3000 metres .
Joy Padgett ( born 1947 , Coshocton , Ohio ) is a former Republican member of the Ohio Senate , representing the 20th district until the end of 2008 .
Aleksander Einseln ( born 25 October 1931 , in Tallinn ) is a former commander of the Estonian Defence Forces .
Karl Fiala ( born 30 January 1956 in Harlow , England ) is a former motorcycle speedway rider .
Elena J. Duarte ( born c. March - May 1966 ) is an Associate Justice of the California Third District Court of Appeal , having served since December 10 , 2010 , after being appointed to the post by Republican Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger on November 23 , 2010 .
Shanaka Fernando ( born 1968 ) is a Sri Lankan - born Australian restaurateur and self - described `` social challenger '' , best known for his founding of the pay what you can chain of restaurants in Melbourne known as `` Lentil as Anything '' .
Patrick Baskerville ( born November 1833 ) was an Ontario businessman and political figure .
Wendelin Werner ( born 23 September 1968 ) is a German - born French mathematician working on random processes such as self - avoiding random walks , Brownian motion , Schramm - Loewner evolution , and related theories in probability theory and mathematical physics .
Abhayananda ( born 1842 ) , born Marie Louise , was the first woman initiated into Vivekananda 's mission .
Gary Barnacle ( born 1959 , Dover , England ) is an English saxophonist , flautist , brass instrument arranger , composer and producer , primarily noted for session work , live work incl .
Tom Chiu(邱崇德 ) ( born 1971 ) is a violinist and composer of Taiwanese origin working and living in Brooklyn , NY .
Sahana Kumari Nagaraj Gobbargumpi ( born 6 March 1982 ) is an Indian athlete who competes in the high jump event .
Jack Mendelsohn ( born 1926 ) is a writer - artist who has worked in animation , comic strips and comic books .
Stefan Sielaff ( born 1962 ) is a German car designer , and has spent the majority of his career with Audi , with a short three year break with Mercedes - Benz .
Kathy Sierra ( born 1957 ) is an American programming instructor and game developer .
Santosh Sahukhala ( Nepali : सन्तोष साहुखल ) ( born 10 January 1988 ) is a Nepali international football player .
James William Guercio ( born July 18 , 1945 ) is an American music producer , musician and songwriter .
Gregory of Catino ( 1060 -- aft . 1130 ) was a monk of the Abbey of Farfa and `` one of the most accomplished monastic historians of his age . ''
Matthew of Aquasparta ( Matteo di Aquasparta , 1240 -- 29 October 1302 ) was an Italian Friar Minor and scholastic philosopher .
Andrei Katz ( 1952 -- June 13 , 1975 ) was a Romanian - Jewish immigrant living in New York City in the 1970s , where through auto theft and drug dealing he became involved with a faction of the Gambino crime family known as the DeMeo crew , and became their first known murder victim .
Thomas Schie ( Born 1 December 1975 in Oslo ) is a former racing and rally driver .
Felim Egan ( born in 1952 ) is an Irish painter .
Garnett Bruce ( born 1967 ) is a prominent American opera director .
Benjamin Melendez ( born 1952 ? ) is best known for brokering the gang truce in the Bronx and Harlem ( New York City ) in 1971 .
Mehmed Zilli ( 25 March 1611 -- after 1682 ) , known as Evliya Çelebi ( Ottoman Turkish : اوليا چلبى‎ ) , was an Ottoman Turk who travelled through the territory of the Ottoman Empire and neighboring lands over a period of forty years , recording his commentary in a travelogue called Seyâhatnâme .
Tsai Eng - meng ( Chinese : 蔡衍明 ; born 1956 ) is a Taiwanese businessman , Chairman of the snack food company Want Want China .
Peter Armitage CBE ( born 15 July 1924 ) is a statistician specialising in medical statistics .
Hans Fagius ( born 10 April , 1951 ) is a Swedish classical organist .
Tim Webster ( born 15 December 1951 ) is an Australian television and radio personality and sports broadcaster .
Ma Dongbo ( Chinese : 马东波 ; born 19 January 1977 ) is a former Chinese goalkeeper who played for Liaoning Zhongyu where he spent ten years at the club .
Marlon Reid ( born 17 April 1982 ) is a British professional boxer who was born in Swindon and currently lives in Bath .
Bruno N'Gotty ( born 10 June 1971 ) is a French former professional footballer of Cameroonian descent .
Rasheed Dwyer ( born 29 January 1989 ) is a Jamaican athlete specializing in the sprinting events .
Lee Seung - hee ( Hangul : 이승희 ; born 10 June 1988 ) is a South Korean footballer who plays for Nagoya Grampus .
Mattia Biagi ( born 1974 in Ravenna ) is an Italian professional artist .
Uzoma Dozie ( born November 2 , 1969 ) is a Nigerian banker , investor , economist and also advocate of technology .
Yap Thiam Hien ( 25 May 1913 -- 29 April 1989 ) was an Indonesian human rights lawyer .
H. Abram Wilson ( born 1946 ) is a Republican politician and former mayor of San Ramon , California .
Breda Smolnikar ( born 19 January 1941 ) , is a Slovene writer who has also published under the pseudonym Gospa .
Heloise McCeney ( 19 January 1876-after 1920 ) stage name La Belle Titcomb , was an American vaudeville performer known as The Parisian Dancer on Horseback .
Sue Savage - Rumbaugh ( born 1946 ) is a psychologist and primatologist most known for her work with two bonobos , Kanzi and Panbanisha , investigating their linguistic and cognitive abilities using lexigrams and computer - based keyboards .
David Alan Rosenberg ( born 1948 ) is a military historian , and was Admiral Harry W. Hill 's Chair of Maritime Strategy at the National War College from 1996 to 2003 and held the Class of 1957 Distinguished Chair of Naval Heritage at the United States Naval Academy in 2015 - 2016 .
Om Shivpuri ( Hindi : ओम शिवपुरी ; 1938 -- 1990 ) was an Indian theatre actor - director and character actor in Hindi films .
Lawrence Parsons , 2nd Earl of Rosse ( 21 May 1758 - 24 February 1841 ) , known as Sir Lawrence Parsons , Bt , from 1791 to 1807 , was an Irish peer .
Toby Stephens ( born 21 April 1969 ) is an English stage , television and film actor who has appeared in films in both Hollywood and Bollywood .
Brigadier - General The Honourable Charles Granville Bruce , CB , MVO ( 7 April 1866 -- 12 July 1939 ) was a Himalayan veteran and leader of the second and third British expeditions to Mount Everest in 1922 and 1924 .
Vera Pauw ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈveːraː pʌu ) ; born 18 January 1963 ) is a Dutch football coach and former player .
Lee Kar Wai `` Calvin '' ( Chinese : 李嘉威 ; Jyutping : lei5 gaa1 wai1 ; born 3 April 1983 in Hong Kong ) is a Hong Konger archer .
Ali Ghanbari ( born 1950 in Abadan , Iran ) is an Iranian - American photojournalist who has work at the WJW Fox affiliate in Cleveland , Ohio , since 1994 .
Mohammad Imran Tahir ( Urdu : محمد عمران طاہر ; born 27 March 1979 ) is a Pakistani - born South African cricketer .
Domenyk Lattlay - Fottfoy ( birth name Dominic Noonan , born 1964 ) is an English gangster .
Peter Hudecki ( born 1954 ) is an animator .
Kim Un - guk ( Chosŏn'gŭl : 김은국 ; born 28 October 1988 ) is a North Korean weightlifter , a Labor Hero and People 's Sportsman .
Kenneth White ( born 28 April 1936 ) is a Scottish poet , academic and writer .
Anita Otto ( née Hentschel , born 12 December 1942 ) is a German former discus thrower .
April Mann ( born 21 April 1978 ) is an Australian retired association footballer who played for Queensland Sting , Western Waves and Australian W - League team Adelaide United .
Philip Pullman CBE , FRSL ( born 19 October 1946 ) is a British writer .
Mary Joe Frug ( 1941 - -1991 ) was a professor at New England School of Law from 1981 to 1991 .
Andreas A. Miaoulis ( Greek : Ανδρέας Α. Μιαούλης ; born 1830 ) was a Greek naval officer , hailing from the historic Hydriot Miaoulis family .
Rob Gerrand ( born 16 October 1946 ) is an Australian writer of science fiction
Peta Doodson ( 6 November 1955 ) is an Australian television actress .
Henri Max Corwin ( 1903 , Oldenzaal , Overijssel -- January 1962 ) was a Dutch businessman , philatelist and humanitarian .
Tagalie ( 1909 - -1920 ) was British Thoroughbred racehorse .
Stephen Damian O'Neill ( born 15 January 1961 ) is the lead guitarist in the pop - punk band , The Undertones .
Adam George ( born 24 November 1989 ) is a British musician based in Manchester .
Prudence Bushnell ( born 1946 ) is an American diplomat who served as the United States Ambassador to Kenya and as United States Ambassador to Guatemala .
Mykhaylo Serhiychuk ( Ukrainian : Михайло Миколайович Сергійчук ; born 29 July 1991 in Kostyantynivka , Sarny Raion , Rivne Oblast , Ukrainian SSR ) is a professional Ukrainian football striker who plays on loan for FC Hoverla Uzhhorod .
Piotr Andrejew ( born 27 October 1947 , Szczecin ) is a Polish film director and screenwriter now living in the Netherlands with his son , Victor Andrejew .
Henry Plummer ( 1832 - -1864 ) was a prospector , lawman , and outlaw in the American West in the 1850s and 1860s , who was known to have killed several men , some in what was considered self defense .
Tan Qiwei ( born August 1954 ) is a Chinese politician of Tujia ethnic heritage .
Terry Bradley ( born 1965 , Belfast ) is an artist from Northern Ireland .
Titus Flavius Simonides Agrippa , also known as Titus Flavius Agrippa ( Greek : Τίτος Φλάβιος Σιμονίδης ό Άγρίππας , flourished second half of 1st century & first half of 2nd century , born 79 ) , was an aristocratic , wealthy Roman Jew .
Karin Neugebauer ( born 5 December 1955 in Leipzig ) is a retired German freestyle swimmer .
James Bondy ( born c. 1974 ) is a Canadian entertainer , best known for his work as the human co - host of the children 's show Ribert and Robert 's Wonderworld , which airs on public television .
Urbain Roger Batoum ( Chinese : 羅渣 Roger ; born 19 December 1978 in Cameroon ) is a Cameroonian footballer .
Kathryn Tucker ( born 1959 ) is the executive director for the Disability Rights Legal Center .
Gale Fulton Ross was born in Medford , Massachusetts , in 1947 , the oldest of nine children .
Fanny López Jiménez ( born Tuxtla Gutiérrez , Chiapas , 1970 ) is a Mexican archaeologist known for her excavations at Palenque , including the discovery of the Tomb of the Red Queen .
Muhammad Shahid Nazir ( Urdu , Punjabi : محمد شاہد نذیر ; born 1981 ) , also known as the One Pound Fish Man ( commonly stylised as £ 1 Fish Man ) , is a Pakistani trader and recording artist who found fame as an internet sensation for his viral video `` One Pound Fish '' .
Lee Tae - ran ( Hangul : 이태란 ; Hanja : 李泰蘭 ; born 6 May 1975 or 25 March in Korean calendar ) is a South Korean actress .
Daniel Kitson ( born 2 July 1977 ) is an English comedian .
Martin Lutz ( born 19 May 1950 ) is a German musicologist , conductor and harpsichordist .
Barbara Milberg Fisher ( born 1931 in Brooklyn , New York ) is an American academic and professional dancer .
Air Vice Marshal Alfred John Quaife AM ( born 2 June 1955 ) is a retired senior officer of the Royal Australian Air Force ( RAAF ) .
Amos Griswold Warner ( 1861 - -1900 ) , was an influential American social worker .
Arnaldo Otegi Mondragón ( born 6 July 1958 ) is a Basque politician , currently in prison , who in February 2013 was elected as Secretary General of abertzale Basque separatist party Sortu .
Percy Neville Barnett ( 13 September 1881 -- 1953 ) was an Australian collector , connoisseur and authority of Australian Bookplates which are also known as ex - libris .
Luke Quinlivan ( born 20 August 1985 in Perth ) is an Australian water polo player who plays as a goalkeeper .
Melchor Bravo de Saravia y Sotomayor ( 1512 -- 1577 ) was a Spanish conquistador , interim viceroy of Peru , and Royal Governor of Chile .
Clarence C. Moore ( 1904 - 1979 ) was an engineer and minister at Radio Station HCJB ( now known as HCJB Global ) with primary transmitters in Quito , Ecuador .
Rajkumar Achouba Singh ( born 5 December 1938 ) is an Indian classical dancer and teacher , known for his scholarship on the Manipuri dance forms of Raas and Lai Haraoba .
Alex Hallatt ( born 1969 ) is a cartoonist based in Seaton , UK .
Sonu Shivdasani ( born 1965 ) is an Indian- British hotelier , who is the founder and CEO of Soneva Group which owns the luxury resorts , Soneva Fushi in the Maldives and Soneva Kiri in Thailand .
Jeanne Behrend ( 11 May 1911 -- 20 March 1988 ) was an American pianist , music educator , musicologist and composer .
Michael Dean Wareham ( born 1 August 1963 ) is a New Zealand musician who formed the band Galaxie 500 in 1987 .
Brian Leiter ( born 1963 ) is an American philosopher and legal scholar who is Karl N. Llewellyn Professor of Jurisprudence at the University of Chicago Law School and founder and Director of Chicago 's Center for Law , Philosophy & Human Values .
Nicolette Stasko ( born 1950 ) is a contemporary Australian poet , novelist and non - fiction writer of United States origin .
Dan Forshaw ( born 19 May 1981 , Blackpool , Lancashire ) is an English jazz musician and music educator who started his professional career aged sixteen .
Thomas Anderton ( 1611 -- 9 October 1671 ) was an English Benedictine .
Yiu Si - wing BBS ( Chinese : 姚思榮 , born 1952 ) is a director at China Travel Service and member of Legislative Council of Hong Kong .
Marie Blancour ( active 1650 -- 1699 ) , was a 17th - century French painter .
Peter Dench ( 23 April 1972 ) is a photojournalist working primarily in advertising , editorial and portraiture photography .
Wendy Shalit ( /ʃəˈliːt/ ; born 1975 ) is an American conservative writer and author who has written the books A Return to Modesty :
Oscar Cesare ( 1885 -- July 25 , 1948 ) was a Swedish - born American caricaturist , painter , draftsman and editorial cartoonist .
David Aaron Carpenter ( born April 5 , 1986 in Great Neck , New York ) is a US - American violist and was the first Prize Winner of the 2006 Walter W. Naumburg Viola Competition .
Denis Alexandrovich Shaforostov ( born 4 May 1992 ) , now better known as Denis Stoff , is a Ukrainian musician .
Taťana Fischerová ( better known as Táňa Fischerová ) ( born 6 June 1947 ) is a Czech actress , writer , television host , politician and civic activist .
Alexander , Crown Prince of Yugoslavia , also named Alexander II Karađorđević ( Serbian Cyrillic : Александар II Карађорђевић ; born 17 July 1945 ) , was the last heir apparent to the throne of the Kingdom of Yugoslavia , and is the current claimant to the abolished throne of Serbia .
Marta Figueras - Dotti ( born 12 November 1957 ) is a retired Spanish professional golfer .
Samantha Spiro ( born 20 June 1968 ) is a double Olivier Award - winning English actress .
Abu Nur Muhammad Ehteshamul Haq ( 1927 - -17 February 2002 ) , known as Ehtesham , was a Pakistani and Bangladeshi film director .
Jean - Claude Rouget ( born 1953 in Normandy ) is a French Thoroughbred horse trainer and former jockey .
Ernest Papa Arko ( born 12 May 1984 ) is a Ghanaian football striker who currently plays for the Egyptian Premier League side Arab Contractors SC .
Nguyễn Ngọc Bình ( 17 September 1959 ) is a Vietnamese mathematician .
Mad Dog McPhie ( born Stewart McPhie on 19 October 1971 ) is an English professional wrestler .
Nawal M. Nour ( born 1966 , in Khartoum , Sudan ) is a Sudanese American obstetrician and gynecologist at Brigham and Women 's Hospital .
Dzmitry Shmatko ( Belarusian : Дзмiтры Шматко ; Russian : Дмитрий Шматко ; born 26 July 1989 ) is a Belarusian professional footballer .
Bob Hansson ( born 1970 in Helsingborg ) is a Swedish poet and author .
Yvonne Navarro ( born 1957 in Chicago , Illinois ) is an American author who has published over twenty books .
Alexandr Shvedov ( born 11 April 1973 ) is a Kazakhstani water polo goalkeeper .
Sir James Adam Louis Matheson KBE CMG ( 11 February 1912 -- 27 March 2002 ) was a British engineer and university administrator , who served as the first Vice - Chancellor of Monash University in Melbourne , Australia .
Sibabalwe Gladwin Mzazi ( born 28 August 1988 ) is a South African athlete competing in the long - distance running events .
Lewis Vulliamy ( 15 March 1791 -- 4 January 1871 ) was an English architect belonging to the Vulliamy family of clockmakers .
Balázs Szokolay ( Hungarian pronunciation : ( ˈbɒlaːʒ ˈsokolɒj ) ) ( born 1961 ) is a Hungarian pianist .
Emily Brothers ( born 1964 , Merseyside ) is a British Labour politician who stood in the Sutton and Cheam constituency in the 2015 General Election .
Leo Hanin ( born 20 November 1913 in Vilnius ) was a Zionist activist .
Zaal Samadashvili ( Georgian : ზაალ სამადაშვილი ) ( born 3 October 1953 ) is a Georgian writer .
John Blowick was born 26 October 1888 in Belcarra , Co. Mayo , to John Blowick a farmer , and Honoria Blowick ( née Madden ) .
Nick Shinn ( born London , England , 1952 ) is a typeface designer .
Deo - Gratias - Nicolas Godinot ( 1 May 1765 -- 27 October 1811 ) was a Général de Division of the First French Empire who saw action during the Peninsular War .
Robert Whitehead ( born 22 September 1936 ) , known as Bob or Bobby Whitehead , is an English former footballer who made 73 appearances in the Football League playing as a right back for Newcastle United and Darlington in the 1950s and 1960s .
Evelin Samuel ( born on 13 May 1975 ) is an Estonian singer .
César Valenzuela Martínez ( 4 September 1992 ) is a Chilean footballer that currently plays for Palestino .
Michael Eke ( born 1968 in March , Cambridgeshire ) is the former employee of Cambridgeshire Police who received an MBE that was later stripped following his conviction for fraud .
Denis Simplikevich ( Russian : Денис Симпликевич),(born 11 March 1991 ) is a Russian rugby union footballer who plays as a fullback .
Fritz Langford - Smith ( 29 June 1904 -- 3 December 1966 ) was an Australian electrical engineer .
Jorge Juan Crespo de la Serna ( 1887 -- July 24 , 1978 ) ) was a Mexican artist , art critic and art historian .
Gregory Wong Chung - yiu ( Chinese : 王宗堯 ; born 2 October 1978 ) is a Hong Kong actor .
Simeon Djankov ( Bulgarian : Симеон Дянков , Simeon Dyankov ; born 13 July 1970 ) is a Bulgarian economist .
Iván Palazzese ( 2 January 1962 -- 28 May 1989 ) was an Italian born Venezuelan professional motorcycle racer .
Riccardo Zacconi , born 1968 , is an Italian businessman , better known as the CEO of King Digital Entertainment , a company he founded in 2003 .
Anton Nanut , born September 13 , 1932 , is the best known Slovenian conductor of classical music .
Jonathan Yardley ( born 1939 ) was a book critic at The Washington Post , and at one time of the Washington Star .
Georges Kars ( ' Georges Karpeles or Georg Karpeles - Jiri Karpeles ) ( 1882 Kralupy - 1945 Genève ) was a Czech painter known for his landscapes and nude paintings .
Ian McColl , Baron McColl of Dulwich , CBE ( born 6 January 1933 ) is a British surgeon , professor , politician and Conservative member of the House of Lords .
Helen Chenevix ( 1890 - -1963 ) was an Irish suffragist and trade unionist .
Vladimir Maslov ( Владимир Анатольевич Маслов/Vladimir Anatolevich Maslov , born 15 August 1941 in Leningrad , died 20 July 1998 ) was a Soviet Russian film and theatrical director , noted for his necrorealist works with Yevgeny Yufit .
Yan Yan Chan ( Burmese : ရန်ရန်ချမ်း , pronounced : ( jàɴ jàɴ tɕʰáɴ ) ; born 5 December 1979 ) is a pioneer of Burmese hip hop and pro - democracy activist .
Helen Durham ( born in 1968 ) , an international humanitarian lawyer , is the Director of International Law and Policy at the International Committee of the Red Cross ( ICRC ) .
Ferdinand Kulmer was born 29 January 1925 in Cap Martin in the south of France , where his parents were spending the winter .
Abdul Ati al - Obeidi ( pronunciation AHB - duhl AH - tee al oh - BAY - dee Arabic : عبد العاطي العبيدي ‎ ) ; born 10 October 1939 ) is a Libyan politician and diplomat .
Saad Bin Jung ( born 26 October 1960 , Delhi ) is a former Indian cricketer who played first - class cricket from 1978 to 1984 .
Denzel Slager ( born 2 May 1993 ) is a Dutch - born Curaçaoan footballer who plays as a striker who currently plays for Orange County Blues .
Joseph Glickauf Jr. ( 1912 -- July 9 , 2005 ) , was an American - born engineer , inventor and corporate executive known as one of the first advocates of the use of computers in business and industry and the `` father '' of the computer consulting industry .
Giuseppe Santoro ( born 1930 ) was an Italian lawyer and diplomat who was also active in politics as a supporter of the Socialists .
Pat Liney ( born 14 July 1936 ) is a Scottish former professional footballer who played in both Scotland and England for Dalry Thistle , Dundee , St. Mirren , Bradford Park Avenue and Bradford City .
Victor Isakov ( born 1947 ) is a mathematician working in the field of inverse problems for partial differential equations and related topics ( potential theory , uniqueness of continuation and Carleman estimates , nonlinear functional analysis and calculus of variation ) .
Ulrich Krieger ( born 1962 in Freiburg ) is a German contemporary composer , performer , improviser and experimental rock musician based in Los Angeles .
Kurien Thomas ( 1922 - -2000 ) or Kurian Thomas was pioneer pentecostal missionary to Central India .
Jeroo Billimoria ( born 20 July 1965 ) is a pioneering social entrepreneur and the founder of several award - winning international NGOs .
Jesse Foot ( 1744 - -1826 ) was an English surgeon and biographer .
Lindsay Turnbull ( born 9 October 1930 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Hawthorn in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Jo Rowbottom ( born 1942 ) is a British character actress , best known for guest roles in numerous British TV series , and as James Beck 's wife in Romany Jones .
Barney Hoskyns ( born 1959 ) is a British music critic and editorial director of the online music journalism archive Rock 's Backpages .
Sadok Khalgui ( born 6 November 1978 ) is a Tunisian former judoka .
Norma Helen García Mora Starr ( born c. 1943 ) , more commonly known as Norma Mora , is a Mexican actress .
Linda Dahle ( born 8 November 1991 ) is a German 4.5 point national wheelchair basketball player who plays for the Hot Rolling Bears , and for the German national team .
Sir John Neeld , 1st Baronet ( 1805 -- 1891 ) was Member of Parliament for Cricklade between 1835 and 1859 , and Chippenham , Wiltshire , England between 1865 and 1868 .
Justice L. Narasimha Reddy ( born 1 August 1953 ) is the Chief Justice of Patna High Court and was the senior most judge in of Hyderabad High Court .
Marc Stiegler ( born 1 August 1954 ) is a science fiction author and software developer .
Frederick L. Villepigue ( 1826 - - ? ) served as Secretary of State of Florida from July 1 , 1853 to January 13 , 1863 .
János Kristóf Bródy , commonly known as János Bródy ( born 5 April 1946 ) is a Hungarian pop singer , guitarist , composer and scriptwriter .
Taško Načić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Ташко Начић ; 7 April 1934 - 27 March 1993 ) was a popular Serbian actor .
John M. Goldman ( 30 November 1938 -- 24 December 2013 ) was a British haematologist , oncologist and medical researcher .
Yashima Gakutei ( Japanese : 八島岳亭 ; c. 1786 -- 1868 ) was a Japanese artist and poet who was a pupil of both Totoya Hokkei and Hokusai .
Elina Duni ( born March 1981 , Tirane , Albania ) is a Swiss - Albanian jazz singer and composer .
William Budworth ( 1699 - -1745 ) was a schoolmaster at Brewood in Staffordshire , England .
Wang Shiyan ( simplified Chinese : 王时焰 ; traditional Chinese : 王時焰 ; pinyin : Wáng Shíyàn ; Wade -- Giles : Wang Shihyen , born 1949 ) is a modern Chinese painter born in Baoding , China .
Orhan Terzi ( born 28 June 1964 ) , better known by his stage name DJ Quicksilver is a German - Turkish DJ and music producer .
Hanne Staff ( born 3 February 1972 ) is a Norwegian orienteering athlete who has won three individual World Orienteering Championships medals .
Levon Julfalakyan ( Armenian : Լեւոն Ջուլֆալակյան , born 5 April 1964 ) is a former Greco - Roman wrestler for the Soviet Union of Armenian descent .
Harry Nattrass ( born 1898 , date of death unknown ) was an English football referee who hailed from Seaham , in County Durham .
István Sztáni ( Hungarian pronunciation : ( ˈiʃtvaːn ˈstɒni ) ; born 19 March 1937 ) is a former football manager and a retired Hungarian football striker .
Mateja Kežman ( Serbian Cyrillic : Матеја Кежман ; born 12 April 1979 ) is a Serbian former professional footballer who played as a striker .
Hu Weiwei ( Chinese : 胡威威 ; Pinyin : Hú Wēiwēi ; born 3 March 1993 ) is a Chinese footballer who currently plays for Qingdao Jonoon in the China League One .
Giorgio Sirilli ( born 1949 in Albano Laziale ) is an Italian scholar in the field of science and technology policy .
Jagmohanlal Sinha ( 12 May 1920 -- 20 March 2008 ) was an Indian judge , who served in the Allahabad High Court .
Omer Atzili ( Hebrew : עומר אצילי‎ ; born 27 July 1993 ) is an Israeli footballer who currently plays for Beitar Jerusalem .
Paul Rotterdam ( born 12 February 1939 ) is an Austrian - born American painter .
Guillermo Varela Olivera ( locally : ( ɡiˈʃermo βaˈɾela oliˈβeɾa ) ; born 24 March 1993 ) is a Uruguayan footballer who plays as a right - back for English club Manchester United .
Jón Thoroddsen elder ( October 5 , 1818 or 1819 -- March 8 , 1868 ) was an Icelandic poet and novelist .
Mar Gregory Karotemprel was born on 6 May 1933 at Chemmalamattam in Kottayam district .
Jake Halpern ( born 1975 ) is an American writer , commentator , and radio producer .
Mammola Sandon , known by the stage name of Flo Sandon 's ( 29 June 1924 -- 17 November 2006 ) , was an Italian singer who was popular in the post - World War II years .
Venetia Stevenson ( born 10 March 1938 ) is an English - American film and television actress .
Alan Martello ( born 14 September 1952 ) is a former Australian rules football player who played in the VFL between 1970 and 1980 for Hawthorn , and between 1981 and 1983 for Richmond .
Bridget Rose Dugdale ( born 1941 in Honiton , Devon ) , better known as Rose Dugdale , is a former debutante who rebelled against her wealthy upbringing , becoming a volunteer in the militant Irish republican organisation , the Provisional Irish Republican Army ( IRA ) .
Sherwood Schwarz ( born November , 1930 ) is an American businessman and founder of Carnegie Associates Ltd and was the owner of the Toronto Argonauts from 1999 to 2003 .
Doris Speed , MBE ( 3 February 1899 -- 16 November 1994 ) was an English actress , best known for her role as the snooty Mayoress of fictional Weatherfield and Rovers Return Inn public house landlady Annie Walker on Coronation Street , a role she played from the series inception in 1960 until 1983 .
Jahangir Wasim ( Persian : جهانگیر وسیم ) ( born 15 January 1991 ) is a businessman and humanitarian .
Jack Wedley ( 1917 - September 29 , 2003 ) was an all - star and record setting Grey Cup champion Canadian football player , playing from 1937 to 1951 .
Ray St. Germain ( born 1940 in St. Vital area of Winnipeg , Manitoba ) is a Canadian musician , author , and radio show host .
Giovanni Giorgio Moroder ( Italian : ( dʒoˈvanni ˈdʒordʒo moˈrɔːder ) ; born 26 April 1940 ) is an Italian record producer , songwriter , performer and DJ . Moroder is frequently credited with pioneering synth disco and electronic music .
Carlo Buti ( 14 November 1902 -- 16 November 1963 ) was an Italian interpreter of popular and folk music .
Malia Cohen ( born 1977 ) is an American politician currently serving on the San Francisco Board of Supervisors representing District 10 , consisting of Bayview - Hunters Point , McLaren Park , part of the Portola , Potrero Hill , and Visitacion Valley .
Mariah A. Taylor , MSN , RN , CPNP ( born 1 October 1939 , in Atlanta , Texas ) , is the founder of the North Portland Nurse Practitioner Community Health Clinic in Portland , Oregon .
Lars Lindén ( born 1945 ) is a Swedish Christian democratic politician , member of the Riksdag from 2002 to 2009 .
Charles Holme was born on 7 October 1848 in Derby , the younger son of a silk manufacturer , George Holme , and his wife Ann , née Brentnall .
Émilie Andéol ( born 30 October 1987 ) is a French judoka competing in the women 's 70 kg division .
Giorgio Tuinfort ( born 30 April 1981 ) , is a Surinamese - born Dutch music composer and producer .
Marcella Michelangeli ( born 28 January 1943 ) is an Italian former actress and singer .
Dorotheea Petre ( born 9 January 1981 ) is a Romanian actress who won a special jury award for best actress at the Cannes Film Festival in 2006 .
William Chak ( born 29 March 1985 ) is a Hong Kong actor and presenter who achieved fame through TVB 's 2010 Mr. Hong Kong contest .
Metin Diyadin ( born 16 February 1968 ) is a Turkish football manager and retired player .
Jenny Hansson , born 26 August 1980 , is a Swedish former cross country skier who competed between 2002 and 2013 .
Kang Hyo - shil ( Korean : 강효실 , Hanja : 姜孝實 ) ( 1932 -- November 2 , 1996 ) was a South Korean film and stage actress .
Sharafat Hussain Khan ( born July 1930 ) was an Indian classical vocalist , and was amongst the most brilliant Khayal vocalists of the post - independence era .
Frane Adam ( born 23 November 1948 ) is a Slovenian sociologist , editor and former dissident political activist .
Nils Johan Semb ( born 24 February 1959 ) was the coach of the Norwegian national football team from 1998 to 2003 , presiding over 68 matches .
Ighraa ( Arabic : إغراء ) , also romanised as Igraa , ( 19 January 1945 - ) is a Syrian actress and belly dancer who reached her fame mostly in Syrian cinema of the 1970s .
Sione Kalamafoni ( born 18 May 1988 ) is a rugby union footballer who plays at number 8 for Gloucester .
Gareth Hock ( born 5 September 1983 ) is an English professional rugby league footballer who plays in the Championship for English club , Leigh Centurions .
Melancthon Williams Jacobus , Jr. , A.B. , D.D. ( 1855 - -1937 ) was an American theologian .
Bohuslav Hasištejnský z Lobkovic ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈboɦuslav ˈɦasɪʃtɛjnskiː ˈzlopkovits ) ) ( 1461 -- 11 November 1510 ) was a nobleman , writer and humanist of old Bohemian family ( later the princes ) of Lobkovic .
Midam ( born 16 May 1963 ) is the pseudonym of Michel Ledent , the Belgian comics author best known for Kid Paddle .
Idris Rahman ( Bengali : ইদ্রিস রহমান ; born 16 July 1976 ) is an English clarinettist , saxophonist and music producer .
Ryan Lynch ( born 13 March 1987 ) is an English professional association footballer .
Marco Tobón Mejía ( 1876 - 1933 ) was a Colombian sculptor , draughtsman , and painter .
Ernesto Fajardo , better known by his stage name Don Pepot , or simply Pepot ( born 1935 ) , is a Filipino comedian , actor , radio host and writer .
Nemanja Glavčić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Немања Главчић ; born 19 February 1997 ) is a Serbian football midfielder who plays for Serbian SuperLiga club Radnik Surdulica , on loan from Partizan .
Süleyman Yağcıoğlu ( born 1952 ) is a Turkish politician and was the leader of the Alternative Party ( A.P. ) between 2012 and 2015 .
George Augustus Addison ( Calcutta , 1792 - -Java , about January 1815 ) was the author of collected works published posthumously under the title , Indian Reminiscences , or the Bengal Moofussul Miscellany , in London by Edward Bull in 1837 .
Neck Face ( born 1984 in Stockton , California ) is an anonymous graffiti artist .
Anna Maria Barbara Abesch ( 23 March 1706 , Sursee -- 15 February 1773 , Sursee ) was a Swiss reverse glass painter and the daughter of Johann Peter Abesch .
Peter Pilz ( born 22 January 1954 ) is an Austrian politician and a leading member of the Austrian Green Party .
Jacqueline Left Hand Bull ( formerly Delahunt , born in 1943 ) , member of the Sicangu Lakota of the Rosebud Sioux Tribe , was brought up in her view in a traditional Lakota way by her grandparents and parents .
Philippe Francq ( born 13 December 1961 ) is a Belgian comic book artist , best known for the series Largo Winch .
Lydia Tomkiw ( August 6 , 1959 -- September 4 , 2007 ) was an American poet , singer , and songwriter , best known for her work with the new wave musical group Algebra Suicide , along with her husband Don Hedeker .
Tog Humphreys ( born Edward Humphreys on 25 April 1968 ) was an English cricketer .
Colin McFarlane ( born 15 September 1961 ) is an English actor and voice artist .
Veselin Velikov ( Bulgarian : Веселин Великов ; born 19 March 1977 ) is a former Bulgarian footballer , and now manager .
Lachlan Hay ( born 25 May 1986 in Baulkham Hills ) is an Australian short - track speed - skater .
Dennis Hare ( born 1946 ) is a Californian artist , known mainly for his figurative work , and a former beach volleyball player and athlete .
Otto VIII , Count of Hoya ( 1530 -- 25 February 1582 at Hoya Castle in Hoya ) was the last ruling Count of Hoya .
Halyna Andreyeva ( Ukrainian : Галина Андреєва ; born 1985 ) is a beauty pageant titleholder from Odessa ; she won the title of Miss Ukraine Earth 2007 and competed in Miss Earth 2007 pageant in Manila , Philippines .
Haroon Ahmed FREng ( born 2 March 1936 ) , is a prominent British Pakistani scientist in the fields of microelectronics and electrical engineering .
Dilys Elwyn - Edwards ( née Roberts ; 19 August 1918 -- 13 January 2012 ) was a Welsh - language composer , lecturer and accompanist .
Jade Wall ( born 20 April 1989 , Nambour , Queensland ) is an Australian softball player .
Tash Aw , whose full name is Aw Ta - Shi ( Chinese : 歐大旭 ; pinyin : Ōu Dàxù ; b. 1971 ) is a Malaysian writer living in London .
Enrique Bostelmann ( March 1939 -- December 3 , 2003 ) was a Mexican photographer known for his artistic work related to social problems as well as the use of objects and concepts from other artistic disciplines such as sculpture in his work .
Tamaryn Payne ( born 25 September 1988 ) , is an English actress best known for playing Annalise Appleton in the series Hollyoaks .
Wilfrid Desan ( 1908 - - 14 January 2001 ) was a professor in philosophy best known for introducing French existentialism and especially the thought of Jean - Paul Sartre to the United States .
Joey Corpus ( born 1958 ) is a violin teacher living in New York City .
Zita Loseva ( born 17 June 1954 in Maironiai , Kelmė District Municipality ) is a Lithuanian politician and public activist .
Domingos Culolo ( born 1941 in Uíge Province ) is an Angolan diplomat and lawyer .
Alex Trembach ( born 7 July 1986 ) is an Israeli sprinter who specializes in the 100 metres .
Karen Mac Cormack ( born Luanshya , Zambia , 1956 ) is a contemporary experimental poet .
Thibaud Gaudin ( 1229 ? -- April 16 , 1292 ) was the Grand Master of the Knights Templar from August 1291 until his death in April 1292 .
Abbas Gharabaghi ( born 1918 in Tabriz - died 2000 in Paris ) was the last chief of staff of the Iranian armed forces as well as deputy commander - in - chief of the Iranian Imperial Army during the rule of the Pahlavi dynasty .
Simon Basher , ( born 1970 ) is an English artist , illustrator and author based in London .
William Haldimand ( 9 September 1784 -- 20 September 1862 ) was an English philanthropist , director of the Bank of England , and Member of Parliament .
Ramon Zenker ( born 11 November 1968 ) is a German techno - artist , remixer and producer .
Sir Henry James Sumner Maine , KCSI ( 15 August 1822 -- 3 February 1888 ) , was a British comparative jurist and historian .
Milan Ćalasan ( born 29 October 1954 ) is a retired Slovenian - born Montenegrin football player , nowadays based in France where he 's active as a players agent .
Michael Perelman ( born October 1 , 1939 ) is an American economist and economic historian , currently professor of economics at California State University , Chico .
Eric Oldfield ( born 1947 ) is an Australian actor and former model , who remains best known for his role in the soap opera The Young Doctors as Dr. Ben Fielding .
Jorge Perugorría Rodríguez ( aka `` Pichi '' ) ( born 13 August 1965 ) is a Cuban actor .
Rebecca Tarbotton ( 30 July 1973 -- 26 December 2012 ) was an environmental , human rights , and food activist , and the Executive Director of Rainforest Action Network .
Mario Hirsch ( born 6 April 1949 in Luxembourg City ) is a Luxembourgian political scientist and journalist .
Kaberi Gayen ( Bengali : কাবেরী গায়েন , also spelt Kaberi Gain ; born 1 January 1970 ) is a prominent Bengali academic , author , and social activist known for her outspoken views on the oppression of minorities and gender inequality in Bangladesh .
Shathira Jakir Jessy ( Bengali : সাথিরা জাকির জেসী ) ( born 30 November 1990 , Lalmonirhat , Bangladesh ) is a Bangladeshi cricketer who plays for the Bangladesh national women 's cricket team .
Rich Jacobs ( born 1972 , Long Beach , CA ) is an American artist and curator who currently lives and works in Oakland , CA .
Elena Ionescu ( 17 May 1988 ) is a Romanian singer who since 2006 has been the lead singer of pop band Mandinga , replacing Elena Gheorghe after she left the group to work on her solo career .
Bruno Brokken ( born 9 May 1953 in Wilrijk ) is a former Belgian high jumper .
Marko Petkovšek is a Slovenian mathematician , born : 1955 , working mainly in symbolic computation .
Philip John Whitcombe ( born 11 November 1928 ) is a former English cricketer who played 34 first - class matches between 1949 and 1953 .
Leiki Loone ( born 29 February 1944 ) , is an Estonian mathematician specialising in applications of functional analysis in theory of summability and in the structure theory of topological vector spaces .
Johnny Wheeler ( born 26 July 1928 ) is an English former professional football player .
Ivan Patzaichin ( Romanian pronunciation : ( iˈvan paˈt͡sajkin ) ; born 26 November 1949 ) is a Romanian sprint canoer who competed from the late 1960s to the mid-1980s .
Remi - Casimir Oudin ( 1638 - -1719 ) was a French Premonstratensian monk and bibliographer , who later in life was a Protestant convert , and a librarian in Leyden .
Tsai Ming - liang ( Chinese : 蔡明亮 ; pinyin : Cài Míngliàng ) ( born 27 October 1957 ) is a Malaysian Chinese filmmaker .
Kadri Enis Berberoğlu ( born 1 April 1956 ) is a Turkish politician and journalist from the Republican People 's Party ( CHP ) , who has served as the Member of Parliament for İstanbul 's second electoral district since 2015 .
Elias Hicks Blackburn ( born 1827 ) was the first Latter - day Saint bishop of Provo and later served as a member of the Utah Territorial Legislature .
Manish Jain ( born 25 August 1988 ) is an Indian Billiards and Snooker player .
Mark Crilly ( born 23 May 1980 ) , is a Scottish professional footballer who was most recently co - manager of Junior side Kilbirnie Ladeside .
Zhao Erfeng ( 1845 - -1911 ) , courtesy name Jihe , was a Qing Dynasty official and Chinese bannerman , who belonged to the Plain Blue Banner .
Wilfred Bourque ( March 1879 -- August 19 , 1909 ) , also known as Billy Bourque and William Bourque , was a Canadian racecar driver , born in W. Farnham , Québec .
Harold Henry Fisher ( 1890 - -1975 ) was a US historian specializing in Russian history .
Ingrid Calame ( born 1965 ) is an American artist based in Los Angeles , known for her abstract , map - like paintings inspired by human detritus .
Wolter Wierbos ( born 1 September 1957 in Holten , Overijssel ) is a Dutch jazz trombonist .
Giuseppe Della Valle ( born 25 February 1899 ) was an Italian former football player who featured in the Italian national team as a striker .
Jeanne de Casalis ( 22 May 1897 -- 19 August 1966 ) was a Basutoland - born British actress of stage , radio , and film .
Dorothy Counts ( born 1942 ) was one of the first black students admitted to the Harry Harding High School , in Charlotte , North Carolina .
Victoria Hopper ( 24 May 1909 -- 22 January 2007 ) was a Canadian - born British stage and film actress and singer .
Jennie Brand - Miller FAIFST , FNSA ( born 1952 ) , also known as Janette Cecile Brand , holds a personal chair in human nutrition in the School of Molecular Biosciences at the University of Sydney .
Ryszard Pilarczyk ( born 5 November 1975 in Poznań ) is a former Polish athlete specializing in sprinting events .
Indira Radić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Индира Радић , born 14 June 1966 ) is a Serbian pop - folk singer .
Justin Clemens ( born 22 April 1969 ) is an Australian academic known for his work on Alain Badiou , psychoanalysis , European philosophy , and contemporary Australian art and literature .
Sarah Lark ( born 28 January 1983 ) is a Welsh singer and actress who rose to fame when she competed as one of the finalists in the BBC talent show - themed television series I 'd Do Anything in 2008 .
Carlos Raúl Morales Moscoso ( born 7 October 1970 ) is the current Minister of Foreign Affairs of Guatemala .
Eugene G. d'Aquili ( born 1940 ) was a research psychiatrist who specialized in studying members of religious communities ( e.g. , brain image scans ) .
Andreas Frederik Krieger ( 4 October 1817 , Kolbjørnsvik -- 27 September 1893 ) was a Danish politician , government minister , professor of law and supreme court judge .
John Stefan Medina Ramírez ( born 14 June 1992 ) is a Colombian footballer who currently plays for Pachuca on loan from Monterrey in the Liga MX .
Gülseren Yıldırım Gomez ( born Gülseren Yıldırım , 1973 ) , known on stage simply as Gülseren , is a Turkish born French singer , whose output covers a wide range of genres , including pop , Latin , techno , and traditional Turkish music .
Derek Isles ( born 14 October 1943 ) is a former English cricketer : a wicket - keeper who played a single first - class match , for Worcestershire against the Pakistanis at Worcester in 1967 .
Johann Rosenzopf ( born 22 April 1939 in Klagenfurt ) is an Austrian former industrial manager , who meanwhile has retired .
Deborah Warner CBE ( born 12 May 1959 ) is a world renown British director of theatre and opera known for her interpretations of the works of Shakespeare , Bertolt Brecht , Georg Büchner , and Henrik Ibsen .
Dai Xiaoxiang ( Chinese : 戴小祥 ; pinyin : Dài Xiăoxiáng ; 15 December 1990 ) is a Chinese archer .
Matt Floyd ( born 30 November 1980 ) is a British broadcaster who works for Sky Sports .
Ruth Jennifer Ondo Mouchita ( born 1992 ) is a Gabonese beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Miss Gabon 2013 and the representative of Gabon in Miss Universe 2013 .
Hansjörg Kunze ( born 28 December 1959 in Rostock ) is a German track and field athlete .
Sir John Lauder , 1st Baronet , of Newington and Fountainhall ( 1595 -- 2 April 1692 ) was a notable Scottish baillie and Treasurer of the City of Edinburgh , who was raised to a Nova Scotia baronetcy in 1688 .
Jean - Michel Cohen ( 22 May 1959 ) is a French nutritionist and author .
Mark Goffeney ( born 1969 ) is an American musician from San Diego , California , known as `` Big Toe '' because , being born without arms , he plays guitar with his feet .
Jolanda Neff ( born 5 January 1993 ) is a Swiss cross - country cyclist .
Jan Pieter Theodoor Huydecoper ( 2 September 1728 -- 11 July 1767 ) was an administrator of the Dutch West India Company .
Dušan Martinović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Душан Мартиновић ; born 22 December 1987 ) is a Serbian football Midfielder who plays for Jagodina in the Serbian SuperLiga .
Gary Minihan ( born 24 January 1962 ) is an Australian retired sprinter who specialized in the 400 metres .
Annita van Doorn ( born 26 April 1983 ) is a Dutch Short track speed skater .
Jack Mueller ( 9 September 1915 -- 14 June 2001 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played for the Melbourne Football Club in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Ali Atwa ( born about 1960 ) ( Arabic : علي عطوة‎ ) is a Lebanese national and member of the Islamist organization Hezbollah .
Swami Maheshwarananda , born Mangilal Garg , known as Swamiji ( born 15 August 1945 in Rupawas , Pali district , Rajasthan , India ) , is a yogi , guru .
Kirk Cashmere ( 1955 -- December 2 , 2002 ) was a prominent civil rights attorney who helped make same - sex marriage a major issue in Hawaii , as well as a historian and pioneer of organized Judaism in the state .
Edward Leslie Burgin ( 13 July 1887 - -16 August 1945 ) was a British Liberal and later Liberal National politician in the 1930s .
Endre Røsjø ( born 31 August 1944 in Oslo ) is a Norwegian investment banker based in London .
Archimede Morleo ( Italian : ( arkiˈmɛde morˈlɛo ) ; born 26 September 1983 ) is an Italian footballer who plays for Serie A club Bologna .
Helene Hegarty ( born 1930 ) is a former British cricket player who played seven test matches for the England women 's cricket team between 1954 and 1963 .
Charles Marsham , 4th Earl of Romney ( 7 March 1841 - 21 August 1905 ) , styled Viscount Marsham from 1845 to 1874 , was a British Conservative politician .
Judith Herrin ( born 1942 ) is a British archaeologist and academic of Late Antiquity .
Nicolae Corneanu ( 21 November 1923 - 28 September 2014 ) was a Romanian metropolitan bishop of the Romanian Orthodox Church who led the Metropolis of Banat from 1962 until his death in 2014 .
Henrietta Dubrey ( b 1966 ) is an abstract artist currently living in West Penwith , Cornwall .
John P. Mohr ( 20 April 1910 -- 25 January 1997 ) was an administrator with the US Federal Bureau of Investigation .
Jack Topping ( born c. 2002 ) is an English chorister who came to public attention during 2013 for his solo vocal performances .
Joe Duttine ( born 30 June 1970 ) , sometimes credited as Jo Duttine , is an English film , theatre and television actor .
Reginald Hawthorn Hooker ( 12 January 1867 -- 2 June 1944 ) English civil servant , statistician and meteorologist .
Matija Babić ( born 1978 ) is a Croatian journalist and entrepreneur best known for editing news website Index.hr .
Earle Labor ( born 1928 ) is the official biographer of novelist Jack London and curator of the Jack London Museum in Shreveport .
Morosina Morosini - Grimani ( 1545 - January 21 , 1614 ) , was a Venetian patrician .
Vladimir Berdnikov ( born 1946 , Koszalin , Polish People 's Republic ) is a Russian painter and glass artist , notable for receiving Honored Artist of Russia award ( 1991 ) .
Angelo Vercesi ( born 23 June 1967 ) is a Brazlian volleyball coach and former player .
Kevin Hewick ( born 4 February 1957 ) is an English singer - songwriter who was an early member of the Factory Records roster .
Marcus Harvey ( born 1963 in Leeds ) is an English artist and painter , one of the Young British Artists ( YBAs ) .
Faraz Ahmed ( born 16 October 1984 ) is a Pakistani first - class cricketer who plays for Karachi cricket team .
Percy Legard ( 17 June 1906 -- 1980 ) was a British Army officer and sportsman .
Allegra Versace Beck ( Italian pronunciation : ( ' ale : ɡra verˈsaːtʃe be : k ) ; born 30 June 1986 ) , commonly known as Allegra Versace , is an Italian heiress and socialite .
Stefan Ekberg ( born 21 January 1972 in Motala , Sweden ) is an international motorcycle speedway rider who returned to the British Premier League with the for the Glasgow Tigers after a ten - year absence in 2005 .
John Robinson McClean CB FRS ( 21 March 1813 -- 13 July 1873 ) , was a British civil engineer and Liberal Party politician .
Judi Richards ( born 12 August 1949 ) is a Canadian pop singer and songwriter .
Joe Funk ( 1917 - -1981 ) was an American artist and printmaker born in Los Angeles , California in 1914 to Polish and German immigrant parents .
Estelle Elizabeth ( born 29 June 1996 ) is a French ice dancer who competed with partner Romain Le Gac .
Helena Squires , née Strong ( 1879 - 1959 ) was a politician in Newfoundland .
Henry Katz ( born 1892 , date of death unknown ) was a medical doctor who was sentenced to prison at Sing Sing in June 1943 .
April Rose Pengilly ( born 12 April 1988 ; pronounced pen - gill - ee ) , also known as April Rose , is an Australian actress and former model .
Huang Hengmei ( Chinese : 黄恒美 ; born December 1940 ) is a retired lieutenant general ( zhong jiang ) of the People 's Liberation Army Air Force ( PLAAF ) of China .
Henry P. Larrabee ( 1830 -- 19 December 1906 ) , also known as Hank Larrabee , was a 49er and a rancher in the Eel River Valley of Humboldt County , California notorious for his treatment of Indians .
Gary Hinchley ( born 14 November 1968 ) is an English former footballer who made 27 appearances in the Football League playing as a full back for Darlington in the 1980s and 1990s .
Duncan McNichol ( born 1876 ) was a Scottish footballer .
Leonard D. Wexler ( born November 11 , 1924 ) is a federal judge for the United States District Court for the Eastern District of New York .
Rustam Durmonov ( Uzbek : Rustam Do'rmonov or Рустам Дўрмонов ) ( born 28 January 1969 ) , is former Uzbek professional footballer .
Keith Sinjohn Joseph , Baron Joseph CH PC QC ( 17 January 1918 -- 10 December 1994 ) , known as Sir Keith Joseph for most of his political life , was a British barrister and politician .
John Jay Hooker , Jr. ( August 24 , 1930 -- January 24 , 2016 ) was an American attorney , entrepreneur , political gadfly and perennial candidate from Nashville , Tennessee , who was the Democratic nominee for Governor of Tennessee in 1970 and 1998 .
Maury Klein ( born 14 March 1939 in Memphis , Tennessee ) is an American historian and author of books on 19th Century American history and the American railroad industry .
Gao Ying ( 高郢 ) ( 740 -- July 24 , 811 ) , courtesy name Gongchu ( 公楚 ) , was an official of the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty , serving as a chancellor during the reigns of Emperor Dezong and Emperor Shunzong .
Jozef Kožlej ( born 8 July 1973 ) is a retired Slovak international professional footballer who played for clubs in Czechoslovakia , Germany , Greece and Cyprus .
Tony Trov ( born Anthony Trovarello 1983 ) is an American film maker , comic book creator and musician best known for the independent horror comedy Alpha Girls .
Aung Khin ( Burmese : အောင်ခင် ( ʔàʊɴ kʰɪ̀ɴ ) , 13 February 1921 -- 14 May 1996 ) was a Burmese painter who became prominent in the Mandalay art world .
Sascha Gerstner ( born 2 April 1977 ) is a German musician and songwriter , best known as one of the guitarists and backing vocalists of power metal band Helloween since 2003 .
First Lieutenant Oliver Colwell ( 1834 to October 12 , 1862 ) was an American soldier who fought in the American Civil War .
Liu Jiayin is a Chinese independent filmmaker and educator , born in Beijing in 1981 .
Bobby Verdon - Roe ( born 21 November 1965 in Winchester ) is a British professional racing driver who has raced in various formats of motor sport throughout his career .
Roberto Neves Adam Júnior ( born 29 June 1989 ) , simply known as Juninho is a Brazilian professional footballer who played for Ethnikos Achna in Cyprus .
Katarína Mravíková ( born 28 December 1977 in Trenčín ) is a retired Slovakian handballer .
Anthony Noble Frankland CB , CBE , DFC , DPhil , ( born 4 July 1922 ) , is a British historian and a former Director General of the Imperial War Museum .
Jaimie Warren ( born 1980 ) is an American photographer and performance artist who is based in Kansas City , Missouri and New York City .
Sir William Thomas , 1st Baronet ( 29 July 1641 -- 18 November 1706 ) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1661 to 1679 , and from 1980 to 1706 .
Danielle Brown MBE ( born 10 April 1988 ) is an English competitive archer .
David Edward Hughes ( 16 May 1831 -- 22 January 1900 ) , was a British - American inventor , practical experimenter , and professor of music known for his work on the printing telegraph and the microphone .
Ernie Lyons ( 5 March 1914 -- 7 February 2014 ) was a motorcycle racer from Ireland who entered selected Grands Prix .
Dee Shulman ( born 1957 ) is a British author and illustrator of novels for children and young adults .
Seán Batty ( born 6 May 1982 ) is a meteorologist , currently working for STV .
Nobuhiro Sonoda is a luthier of reputation , born in Tokyo , 1949 , working and residing in Chiba , Japan , since 1999 .
Wayne van Heerden ( born 29 March 1979 ) is a former South African rugby union player , who played mainly as a flanker for the majority of his career before becoming a lock towards the end of his career .
Lady Lucinda Lambton , Lady Worsthorne ( born 10 May 1943 ) is an English writer , photographer and broadcaster on architectural subjects .
Doug Barwick ( born 6 February 1962 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who represented Fitzroy and Collingwood in the Australian Football League .
Miriam Cani ( 30 May 1985 in Elbasan ) is an Albanian singer and television host .
İshak Doğan ( born 9 August 1990 ) is a Turkish professional footballer who plays as a left back for Turkish club Eskişehirspor on loan from Trabzonspor .
Henri Pensis ( 3 November 1900 -- 1 June 1958 ) , was a Luxembourgish conductor , composer and violinist .
Tan Kun - giok ( Chinese : 陳君玉 ; 1905 -- March 4 , 1963 ) , also known as Chen Chun - yu in Mandarin , was a Taiwanese songwriter and author born in Dadaocheng .
Nicholas Pope ( 1949 , Sydney , Australia ) , British / Australian artist .
Leslie Charteris ( 12 May 1907 -- 15 April 1993 ) , born Leslie Charles Bowyer - Yin , was a British - Chinese author of adventure fiction , as well as a screenwriter .
Lee Heung - kam ( born 13 January 1932 in Shunde , Guangdong , China ) is a veteran Cantonese opera and TVB actress from Hong Kong .
Sue Shelton White ( 1887 - May 6 , 1943 ) , called Miss Sue , was a feminist leader and lawyer originally from Henderson , Tennessee who served as a national leader of the women 's suffrage movement .
Neil Gall ( born 1967 in Aberdeen , Scotland ) is a painter based in London , working with a number of processes including modelling , assemblage , photography and painting .
Petr Pavlas ( born 4 February 1968 in Olomouc ) is a former Czech professional ice hockey player who played with HC Slovan Bratislava in the Slovak Extraliga .
Hubert Abold ( born 13 June 1958 ) is a retired German professional Grand Prix motorcycle road racer .
Kevin Mark Trail ( born October 1980 ) is a British R&B , soul , reggae and hip hop singer - songwriter producer .
Bronislovas Rudys ( born 1954 ) also known as Bronius Rudys is a Lithuanian image and installation art artist .
Joel Faulkner ( born 5 May 1991 in Auckland , New Zealand ) is a rugby union footballer who plays as a utility back .
Jimmy Somers ( born November 1939 ) is an Irish trade unionist .
Emmanuel Okoli ( born 13 November 1973 ) is a retired Nigerian sprinter who specialized in the 400 metres .
Li Datong ( 李大同 , born 1952 ) was the Managing Editor of Freezing Point , a section of China Youth Daily .
Munshi Abdul Majid ( Pashto : منشي عبدالمجید‎)(born 1952 ) is an Afghan politician .
Sheri Salata ( born 1959 ) is co - president of Oprah Winfrey Network ( OWN ) and president of Winfrey 's Harpo Productions .
Phonse Hayes ( 4 July 1904 -- 16 April 1951 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Fitzroy in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Isabelle Gauthier ( born 2 April 1980 ) is a Canadian ice skater , and as of 2011 , one of the Dancing on Ice professional skaters .
Nestor Cambier ( 1879 - -1957 ) was a Belgian artist and draftsman whose portraits were compared favourably with those of John Singer Sargent but who now is largely forgotten .
Hlumelo Biko ( born January 1978 , in King William 's Town , Eastern Cape , South Africa ) is a South African businessman and investment banker .
Robert Garner ( born 1960 ) is professor of political theory at the University of Leicester in the UK .
Antonio de Luca ( born 24 August 1975 ) is a Canadian creative director and photo - book designer based in Berlin .
Catherine Leutenegger ( born 1983 ) is a Swiss visual artist and photographer .
Narayana Purushothama Mallaya was born on 7 May 1929 in Mattancherry , a coastal town in Kochi , in the South Indian state of Kerala to N. M. Saraswathi Bhai , reportedly the first woman teacher in the state .
Muhammad Ilham ( born 22 January 1981 in Majene ) , usually called M. Ilham is an Indonesian professional football player .
Monika Zgustová ( 22 March 1957 , Praha ) is a Czech writer and translator .
Owen Money MBE ( born Lynn Mittell , May 1947 ) , is a Welsh musician , actor , comedian , and radio presenter .
Karl - Edwin Manshaus ( born 19 February 1940 ) is a Norwegian businessperson and civil servant .
Nathalie Fauquette ( born 23 March 1987 ) is a former French rhythmic gymnast , now a dancer .
Molly Cramer ( 25 June 1852 -- 18 January 1936 ) was a German flower , landscape and portrait painter .
Duncan Busby ( born 17 December 1983 ) in Heswall , Wirral is an English archer .
James Hamilton , 2nd Earl of Clanbrassil KG KP PC ( I ) ( 23 August 1730 -- 6 February 1798 ) was an Anglo - Irish peer , styled Viscount Limerick from 1756 to 1758 .
Rodolfo Collazo Tourn ( born 26 April 1983 in Colonia del Sacramento ) is an Uruguayan competition rower .
Olivera Katarina ( Serbian : Оливера Катарина ; née Petrović ( Петровић ) ; born 5 March 1940 ) , also previously known as Olivera Vučo ( Оливера Вучо ) and Olivera Šakić ( Оливера Шакић ) , is a Serbian actress , singer and writer .
Adv . Tshililo Michael Masutha ( born 1965 ) is South Africa 's Minister of Justice and Correctional Services .
Mosh Kashi ( born in 1966 in Jerusalem ) is an Israeli painter and artist .
Simon Gleeson ( born 13 January 1977 ) is an Australian actor who is currently playing Jean Valjean in the Australian production of Les Miserables .
Kashinath Naik ( born 12 May 1983 ) is an Indian professional javelin thrower .
Adam Avil ( born 30 June 1970 ) is an Indian rock artist and the lead guitarist , founder , songwriter and lead vocalist of the Indian rock band Pralay .
Adrian Harris ( born Adrian Michael Harris , 4 April 1970 ) is an English actor , playwright and director .
Rev. John Woodbridge VI , born 1613 at Stanton , England , died 17 March 1694/1695 ; married Mercy Dudley , daughter of Governor Thomas Dudley and sister of Anne Bradstreet , on May 20 , 1639 , probably in Newbury , Massachusetts .
Nancy Mowll Mathews ( born 1947 in Baltimore ) is a Czech - American art historian , curator , and author .
Aghoracharya Baba Keenaram was born on Aghor Chaturdashi ( Bhadrapad ) in 1601 A.D at Ramgarh village of Varanasi district ( now Chandauli ) of Uttar Pradesh state of India .
Rachelle Thiewes ( born 1952 ) is an American jeweler and metal artist based in El Paso , Texas .
Charles Joseph Sainte - Claire Deville ( 26 February 1814 -- 10 October 1876 ) was a geologist and meteorologist .
Venkoji Bhonsle ( Marathi : व्यंकोजी/एकोजी १ ) ( born 1629 ) or Ekoji I Bhonsle was the younger half - brother of Shivaji and founder of Maratha rule in Thanjavur .
Brendan Moon ( born 10 October 1958 ) is a former Australian Rugby Union winger who played for the Queensland Reds in the late 1970s and early 1980s .
Dejan Popović ( born 1950 in Belgrade ) is a professor of law and was the vice - chancellor of Belgrade University between 2004 and 2006 .
Daniel Wa Wai How ( Chinese : 胡伟豪 ) ; born 25 July 1988 is the assistant to former Member of Parliament for Kampar Datuk Lee Chee Leong .
Non Stanford ( born 8 January 1989 ) is a Welsh professional triathlete and the 2013 ITU Triathlon World Champion .
Heli Speek ( born Häili Speek , 1948 ) is an Estonian documentary filmmaker .
Rodney Brazier MVO ( born 1946 ) is a professor of constitutional law at the University of Manchester and a Barrister and an Emeritus Bencher of Lincoln 's Inn .
Michel Béroff ( born 9 May 1950 ) is a French pianist and conductor of Bulgarian origin .
Gilbert James French ( 1804 - -1866 ) , was a textile manufacturer and the biographer of Samuel Crompton .
Julio César Yegros Torres ( born 31 January 1971 ) is a former Paraguayan footballer that played as a striker .
Benny Haag born May 8 , 1961 , is a Swedish actor and current party leader of Spritpartiet ( Liquor Party ) who will run in the Swedish general election , 2010 on September 19 .
James Milton Turner ( 1840 - 1915 ) was a post Civil War political leader , activist , educator , and diplomat .
Michael Loceff ( born 1952 ) was a writer and co - executive producer of the hit television series 24 , which aired on the Fox television network .
Pierluigi Conforti ( born 15 June 1946 ) was an Italian Grand Prix motorcycle road racer .
Brijendra Singh Rathore ( Born 1958 ) is a former Member of the Legislative Assembly of India between 1993 - 2008 .
Yu Ruqin ( Chinese : 俞汝勤 ; pinyin : Yú Rǔqín ; born 21 November 1935 ) is a Chinese educator and chemist .
Willy Sachs ( 23 July 1896 -- 19 November 1958 ) was a German industrialist and served the Third Reich as Obersturmbannführer and Wehrwirtschaftsführer .
V. Kavi Chelvan ( born 2 July 1989 ) is a Malaysian footballer .
Gabriel Epstein ( born 25 October 1918 in Duisburg , Germany ) is a British architect and urban planner , particularly noted for his master plan of the University of Lancaster , as well as several other major development plans and social housing plans .
Milanka Opačić ( pronounced ( mǐlaːŋka ǒpatʃitɕ ) ; born 17 April 1968 ) is a Croatian politician who served as a Minister of Social Welfare and Youth at centre - left Cabinet of Zoran Milanović from 2011 to 2016 .
Philip Nel ( born 1969 ) is an American scholar of children 's literature and University Distinguished Professor of English at Kansas State University .
Wang Jianping ( Chinese : 王建平 ; born December 1953 ) is a general of the People 's Liberation Army ( PLA ) of China .
Kira Hall ( born 10 October 1962 ) , is associate professor of Linguistics and Anthropology , as well as director for the Program in Culture , Language , and Social Practice ( CLASP ) , at the University of Colorado at Boulder .
Ivaylo Rusenov ( Cyrillic : Ивайло Русенов ) ( born 9 September 1979 ) is a retired Bulgarian triple jumper .
David Nekrutman ( Hebrew : דוד נקרוטמן ; born 28 November 1973 ) is an American - Israeli writer , director , columnist , public speaker , and Pro - Israel activist .
Georgette Tsinguirides ( born 27 February 1928 ) is a ballet dancer , ballet mistress and choreologist .
Ali Moore ( born in 1965 ) is an Australian TV journalist and radio broadcaster .
William Cavendish , 5th Duke of Devonshire , KG ( 14 December 1748 -- 29 July 1811 ) , was a British aristocrat and politician .
Godfrey Quigley ( 4 May 1923 -- 7 September 1994 ) was an Irish film , television and stage actor .
Sophie Mechaly , previously known as Sophie Albou ( born in 1967 ) is a Paris - born designer best known as the founder of the Paul & Joe clothing line .
Hafizullah Qadami ( Persian : حافظ الله قدمی‎ ) ( born 20 February 1985 ) is an Afghan football player .
Barna Putics ( born 18 August 1984 ) is a Hungarian handballer who plays for French top division team Tremblay - en - France Handball .
Benjamin Buck Greene ( 1808 - 3 April 1902 ) was a Governor of the Bank of England .
Morgan Featherstone ( born 20 October 1994 ) is a former fashion model based in Melbourne .
Christian Langaard ( 5 August 1849 -- 31 August 1922 ) was a Norwegian industrialist and art collector .
David Mervyn Blow FRS ( 27 June 1931 -- 8 June 2004 ) was an influential British biophysicist .
Karin Elisabeth Svantesson ( born Lundin 26 October 1967 ) is a Swedish politician who was Minister for Employment from 2013 to 2014 .
Andy Couturier ( born 1964 ) is the American author of two books , Writing Open the Mind :
Bobby Lawrie ( born 14 November 1947 ) is a Scottish former footballer , who played for Partick Thistle and Stranraer in the Scottish Football League in the 1960s and 1970s .
Stuart Markland ( born 12 February 1948 ) was a Scottish footballer who played for Dundee United .
Omar Kureishi ( 1928 -- 14 March 2005 ) was a distinguished Pakistani writer .
Charlotte Francis ( b 1910 ) was an English actress best known for playing the lead role in The Silence of Dean Maitland ( 1934 ) in which she appeared opposite her husband John Longden .
Rich Kilgour ( born January 14 , 1969 ) is a retired professional lacrosse player and current assistant coach for the Buffalo Bandits of the National Lacrosse League .
Mohammad Afzal Khan ( 1811 -- October 7 , 1867 ; Pashto : محمد افضل خان‎ ) was the Emir of Afghanistan from 1865 to 1867 .
Tom Morrissey ( born July 1956 ) is a former Irish politician and member of Seanad Éireann and businessman .
Bob Leatherbarrow ( born 3 May 1955 ) is a jazz drummer and vibraphonist who lives and works in Los Angeles .
Anuja Chauhan ( Hindi : अनुजा चौहान ; born 1970 ) is an Indian author and advertiser , often described as ' the best writer of the Indian commercial fiction genre .
Erika Lopez ( born 1968 ) is an American cartoonist , novelist , and performance artist of Puerto Rican descent who has published six books and speaks openly of her bisexuality .
Katy Butler ( born 1949 ) is an American journalist , essayist and author of Knocking on Heaven 's Door , the Path to a Better Way of Death , ( Scribner , 2013 ) .
Gregory Buchakjian ( born 1971 , in Beirut , Lebanon ) is a Lebanese photographer , filmmaker and art historian .
Nick Franglen ( born 1965 in Westminster , London ) is a British musician , record producer and installation artist .
Vadim Gluzman ( Вадим Михайлович Глузман , born 1973 ) is a Ukrainian - born Israeli classical violinist .
Diana Janošťáková ( born 29 September 1984 ) is a former ice dancer .
Orianthi Panagaris ( born 22 January 1985 ) , known professionally as Orianthi , is an Australian singer - songwriter and guitarist .
Kathleen Jones ( born 1946 ) is an English poet and biographer .
Mounir Fakhry Abdel Nour ( Arabic : منير فخري عبد النور‎ , born 21 August 1945 ) is an Egyptian businessman and politician .
Michael Lounsbury ( born 1966 ) is an American organizational theorist , Associate Dean of Research , Thornton A. Graham Chair and Professor of strategic management , organizations and sociology at the University of Alberta , and expert in innovation and institutions .
Hester Dowden ( 1868 - -1949 ) , or Hester Travers Smith , was an Irish spiritualist medium who is most notable for having claimed to contact the spirits of Oscar Wilde , William Shakespeare and other writers .
Jordi Fabregat Valmaña ( born 4 December 1961 ) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a Defender , and a current manager .
Fred Wooller ( born 21 October 1938 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Geelong in the VFL .
Patrick Wolrige - Gordon ( 10 August 1935 -- 22 May 2002 ) , also spelt Wolridge - Gordon , was a Scottish Conservative and Unionist Party politician .
Graham Clifford Goodwin ( born 20 April 1945 Broken Hill , New South Wales ) is an Australian electrical engineer .
Stelvio Rosi ( born 1 August 1938 ) , also known as Stan Cooper , is an Italian former film actor .
Ali Haider Noor Khan Niazi ( Punjabi , Urdu : علی حیدر نور خان نیازی‎)(born 15 December 1978 ) , is a Pakistani politician .
Luis Pedro da Silva Ferreira ( born 6 January 1992 in Malanje , Angola ) is an Angolan football player who plays as a centre back for NAC Breda .
Na Seok - ju ( Korean : 나석주 , also romanized as Na Sok - Chu ) ( 1892 - 1926 ) was a Korean nationalist made famous for his attack on the Oriental Development Company , an organization set up by Imperial Japan as part of its imperial expansion and development of its colonies .
Manuel Monteiro de Castro ( born 29 March 1938 ) is a Portuguese cardinal , He was the Major Penitentiary of the Apostolic Penitentiary from 5 January 2012 until his retirement on 21 September 2013 .
Leila J. Rupp ( born 1950 ) is a historian , feminist , and professor of Feminist Studies at the University of California , Santa Barbara .
Fernando Reinares ( Logroño , 1960 ) is a specialist in terrorism , especially the process of radicalization .
Kevin Pollard ( born 1958 in Roddickton , Newfoundland and Labrador ) is a Canadian politician .
Dianne de Las Casas ( born January 15 , 1970 in the Philippines ) is an award - winning author and storyteller who tours internationally .
Elemér Gergátz ( born 6 May 1942 ) is a Hungarian vet and former politician , who served as Minister of Agriculture between 1991 and 1993 .
Reidar Sørensen ( born 11 April 1956 ) is a Norwegian stage actor and film actor .
Douglas Webb DFM , ( 12 September 1922 - 8 December 1996 ) was a British photographer who worked in the film and television industries .
David Poore ( born 2 December 1966 ) is a British independent musician , who has composed and produced music for over 200 films by the BBC , ITV , Channel 4 , Disney , PBS , National Geographic , RTÉ and other broadcasters .
Patrick Delamontagne ( born 18 June 1957 in La Bouéxière , Ille - et - Vilaine ) is a former French footballer , regarded as one of the greatest players to have played for Stade Rennais , as well as one of the greatest ever Breton players .
Klaus Zink ( born 20 January 1936 in Plauen ) is a former German footballer who scored 5 goals in 1958 - 59 European Cup .
Clifford Thurlow ( born 1952 , in London , England ) trained as a journalist after failing to get a place at Cambridge and wrote his first book at the age of 23 .
Siv Stubsveen ( born 7 October 1968 ) is a Norwegian media personality .
Nils von Rosenstein ( Uppsala 1 December 1752 - -Klara parish , Stockholm , 7 August 1824 ) was a Swedish civil servant and propagator for enlightenment thinking .
Anna Ponomaryova ( Russian : Анна Пономарёва ; born 1920 ) was a Soviet fencer .
Tommy Gustafsson ( born 2 July 1948 ) , known as Tommy `` Gyxa '' Gustafsson is a former Swedish football forward .
Grand Prince Yangnyeong ( Hangul : 양녕대군 , Hanja : 讓寧大君 , 1394 - -1462 ) was a Joseon Dynasty politician and prince .
Ernest Ranglin OD ( born 19 June 1932 ) is a Jamaican guitarist and composer who established his career while working as a session guitarist and music director for various Jamaican record labels including Studio One and Island Records .
Victor Rathnayake ( Sinhala:වික්ටර් රත්නායක ; born 18 February 1942 ) is a popular Sri Lankan musician .
Gábor Görgey ( born as Artúr Görgey on 22 November 1929 ) is a Hungarian writer , poet , director and politician , who served as Minister of Culture between 2002 and 2003 .
Francesca DiMattio ( born 1981 ) is an American artist born and based in New York City .
Bartholomew James Stubbs ( 1872 - -1917 ) was the first sitting member of the Western Australian Legislative Assembly to be killed in action while on military service for his country .
Hans Rausing , KBE ( born 25 March 1926 ) is a Swedish businessman based in the United Kingdom .
Darragh Hurley ( 8 October 1985 in Kinsale , County Cork , Ireland ) is a retired Irish rugby union player , who played for Irish provincial side Munster in the Pro 12 and Heineken Cup .
Bruno da Silva Peres ( born 1 March 1990 ) known as Bruno Peres , is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a right - back or winger for Torino .
David Metzenthen is an Australian writer for children and young adults who was born in Melbourne , Victoria in 1958 .
Uroš Bundalo ( born 29 April 1989 ) is a professional handball player who plays for Tremblay - en - France .
Baba Ndaw Seck ( born 25 December 1995 ) is a Senegalese professional footballer who last played for Brescia as a striker .
Zoran Tošić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Зоран Тошић ; born 28 April 1987 ) is a Serbian footballer who plays for CSKA Moscow and the Serbian national team , primarily as a left winger .
Andrew Knowlton ( born c. 1976 in Gainesville , Florida ) is the Restaurant Editor at Bon Appétit magazine , where he began working in 2000 .
Garry Stewart ( born 1962 ) has been the artistic director of the Australian Dance Theatre since 1999 , following Meryl Tankard .
Lieutenant - General Charles Kayonga ( born 1962 ) is the Rwandan Ambassador to China .
Noel Leung Siu - bing ( born 29 December 1969 in Macau ) is a Hong Kong actress known for her roles in TVB television .
Otto Garlepp ( 20 August 1864 , Cörmigk -- 25 November 1959 , Köthen ) , was a German naturalist and with his brother Gustav Garlepp ( 1862 - -1907 ) a professional collector .
Nazira Zain al - Din ( Zain al - Din also translated to Zeineddine , Zain also written Zayn ) , a Druze Lebanese scholar born in 1908 , .
Eoin Griffin ( Irish name : Eoghan Ó Griofa ; born 18 September 1990 ) is a professional rugby union player from Ireland .
Nirmala Patwardhan ( 1928 - -2007 ) was an eminent ceramic artist from India .
Elisabeth Owens ( 15 May 1919 -- 15 November 1998 ) was a legal scholar .
Lieutenant - Commander Frederick Wolfe Astbury ( 21 April 1872 -- 28 December 1954 ) was a British businessman and Conservative politician .
Charles - Félix Cazeau ( 24 December 1807 -- 26 February 1881 ) was a French Canadian priest and administrator of the Archdiocese of Quebec who was prominently involved in the relief of victims from the Great Irish Famine ( 1845 - 1849 ) .
Rob Curley ( born January 10 , 1971 ) is the former President and Executive Editor of Greenspun Interactive , the new - media division of the Las Vegas Sun and Greenspun Media Group .
Karim Bencherifa ( born 15 February 1968 ) is a former Moroccan football player and currently head coach .
Ostad Sa'id Hormozi ( 1897 - -1976 ) was born in one of the old neighborhoods of Tehran called Sangalaj .
Ian Blease ( born 1 January 1965 ) is an English former rugby league footballer who played as a prop or second - row forward for Salford and Swinton .
Jacques Foix ( born 26 November 1930 ) is a former French footballer who played striker .
Yakubu Adamu ( born 4 October 1981 ) is a former Nigerian football player who last played for FSV Zwickau .
Roberto Menichelli ( born 14 January 1963 ) , is an Italian retired futsal player and current coach of the Italian national futsal team .
Peter Tomka ( born 1 June 1956 ) , is a judge of the International Court of Justice .
Berrin Keklikler ; ( born 1994 ) is a Turkish German beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Miss Universe Turkey 2013 and represented her country at the Miss Universe 2013 pageant .
Navalpreet Rangi was born on 23 October 1983 to Darshan Singh Rangi ( surname ) and Baldev Kaur Rangi ( surname ) in Dhuri , Punjab and was brought up in Chommo , Punjab , India .
Carl Olof Trygg , woodcarver , ( 1910 - -1993 ) was one of the recognized masters of 20th century woodcarving , most famous for Scandinavian flat - plane style of woodcarving .
Shyama Charan Gupta ( born 9 February 1945 ) is an Indian politician , entrepreneur , and sitting Member of Parliament representing Allahabad ( Lok Sabha constituency ) in the North Indian state of Uttar Pradesh .
Rens van Eijden ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈrɛns vɑn ˈɛidə(n ) ) ; born 3 March 1988 ) is a Dutch footballer who plays as a centre back for Eredivisie club NEC
Josh Mitchell ( born 8 June 1984 ) is an Australian football ( soccer ) player who last played for Liaoning Whowin in the Chinese Super League .
Charles Sumner Schneider ( 1874 -- March 10 , 1932 ) was an American architect active in Ohio .
Cristie Schoen ( also known as Cristie Schoen Codd or Cristie Codd ; 1976 - -March 12 , 2015 ) was a Spanish - born chef .
George Warde Norman ( 20 September 1793 -- 4 September 1882 ) was an English cricketer with amateur status who was active from 1827 to 1838 .
Matthew Cheung Kin - chung , GBS , JP ( traditional Chinese : 張建宗 ; simplified Chinese : 张建宗 ; pinyin : Zhāng Jiànzōng ; born 1951 in Hong Kong ) is the Secretary for Labour and Welfare in the Hong Kong Government .
Lambert of Ardres ( c. 1160 -- after 1203 ) was a French twelfth century chronicler .
Joe Dallas ( born 1954 ) is a prominent figure in the ex - gay movement and an advocate of reparative therapy from a Christian perspective .
Dejan Marković ( Serbian Cyrillic : Дејан Марковић ; born 26 May 1973 ) is a Serbian retired footballer who played as a right midfielder , and a current manager .
Xatar ( born Giwar Hajabi , on 24 December 1981 in Kūh - e Qalā `` , Iran ) is a German rapper of Kurdish origin , though he is currently settled in Bonn . His stage name `` Xatar '' is taken from the Kurdish language and Persian language and means danger .
Otis Gatewood ( 1911 - -1999 ) was a well - known preacher and missionary in Churches of Christ .
Gillian Guess ( born 1955 ) is a Vancouver woman who was convicted of obstruction of justice after becoming romantically involved with a murder defendant while she was a juror in his trial .
Afshin Ghaffarian ( Persian : افشین غفاریان‎‎ , Persian pronunciation : ( æfʃiːn - e ɢæˈffɒːɾiːɒːn ) ; born 1986 in Mashhad ) is an Iranian Choreographer , Director , Dancer , Actor anyway Reformancer .
Fernando Silva Santisteban ( 1929 - -2006 ) was a Peruvian historian , anthropologist and professor .
Theresa Michalak ( born 7 May 1992 ) is a German competitive swimmer and former European champion .
Danijel Subotić ( born 31 January 1989 ) is a Swiss footballer of Bosnian descent who recently played for Sheriff Tiraspol in Moldova as a forward .
Seokhyo Jang ( born 27 October 1957 ) is President & CEO of the Korea Gas Corporation ( KOGAS ) and Chairman of the Korea Gas Union ( KGU ) .
Dragan Čadikovski ( Macedonian : Драган Чадиковски ; born 13 January 1982 ) is a Macedonian professional footballer who plays for Velež Mostar .
Tom Principato ( born 1952 ) is an American electric blues and blues rock singer , guitarist , and songwriter .
Lieutenant - Colonel Robert Durie Osborn ( 1835 - -1889 ) was a British army officer .
Zsuzsa Kovács ( born 13 November 1945 ) is a retired Hungarian swimmer who won a bronze medal in the 4×100 m freestyle relay at the 1962 European Aquatics Championships .
Soren Monkongtong ( born 31 May 1980 ) is an Australian middleweight kickboxer .
Pat Warren ( born 1936 ) is an American author of contemporary romance novels under her own name and the pseudonym Patricia Cox .
Spen Whittaker ( born Accrington in 1871 ) known as `` Spen '' , was the manager of Burnley from 1903 to 1910 .
Sheila Chandra ( born 14 March 1965 ) is a retired British pop singer of Indian descent .
Nikola Stamenić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Никола Стаменић ; born 17 April 1949 ) , also known as `` The General '' , is a Serbian water polo coach widely considered as one of the greatest coaches in water polo history .
Alexis Rockman ( born 1962 ) is an American contemporary artist known for his paintings that provide rich depictions of future landscapes as they might exist with impacts of climate change and evolution influenced by genetic engineering .
Edmund Smith Conklin ( 19 April 1884 -- 6 October 1942 ) was an American author and psychologist .
Bruno Nuytten ( born 28 August 1945 ) is a French cinematographer turned director .
Bruce Ingersoll ( 1941 -- December 1 , 2001 ) was an award - winning journalist who wrote for the Chicago Sun - Times and Wall Street Journal .
Johnny Armour ( 26 October 1968 ) born in Chatham , Kent is an English amateur flyweight and professional super fly / bantam / super bantam / featherweight boxer of the 1990s and 2000s .
Guedes Lupapa ( born 10 September 1992 ) is Angolan international footballer who plays as a striker .
William C. Bradford ( born c. 1964 ) is an American lawyer and scholar of political science .
Dominick LaCapra ( born 1939 ) is an American - born historian of European intellectual history , best known for his work in intellectual history and trauma studies .
Sunday Uti ( born 23 October 1962 ) is a former Nigerian sprinter who won an Olympic bronze medal in 4 x 400 metres relay in Los Angeles 1984 .
Neta Dobrin ( Hebrew : נטע דוברין‎ , born 27 October 1975 ) is a former Israeli politician who briefly served as a member of the Knesset for the Labor Party between February and April 2006 .
Anatoly Kondratenko ( Russian : Анатолий Кондратенко , Ukrainian : Анатолій Кіндратенко ; 6 December 1935 , Leningrad , Soviet Union ) is a Professor of Physics at University of Kharkiv .
Ashlee Weir ( née Mann ) ( born 29 April 1988 ) is an Australian netball player in the ANZ Championship , playing for the New South Wales Swifts .
Giampiero Fossati ( born 13 April 1944 ) is a retired Italian butterfly swimmer .
James Joseph Patterson ( 1923 - -1992 ) was an American newspaper executive who was part of an influential publishing family .
Freddie Frinton , born Frederick Bittiner Coo , ( 17 January 1909 -- 16 October 1968 ) was an English comedian who remains a household name in Germany and Scandinavia because of his performance in Dinner for One .
Michael Paton ( born 25 March 1989 ) is a Scottish professional footballer who is currently playing for Scottish League One side Dunfermline Athletic .
Dale L. Walker ( born 1935 ) , an award - winning American writer , was born in Decatur , Illinois , but has spent most of his life in El Paso , Texas .
Kirsten Lockenwitz ( born 2 May 1932 ) is a Danish artist and sculptor .
Mr. Justice Khawaja Muhammad Sharif born on 9 December 1948 in Lahore .
Ian Barclay was ( born on 2 December 1938 ) is a Melbourne - based tennis coach .
Strijdom van der Merwe ( born 1961 ) is a South African land artist who uses materials he finds on site to create his artworks .
Arthur Cheney Train ( 6 September 1875 -- 22 December 1945 ) , also called Arthur Chesney Train , was an American lawyer and legal thriller writer , particularly known for his novels of courtroom intrigue and the creation of the fictional lawyer Mr Ephraim Tutt .
Utagawa Kunisada III ( 歌川国貞 ) ( 1848 - -1920 ) was an ukiyo - e printmaker of the Utagawa school , specializing in yakusha - e ( pictures of kabuki actors ) .
Joseph Herbert Tritton was born on 5 September 1844 at Olney Lodge , in Battersea , then in Surrey ( now London ) .
Abderrazak Boukebba ( Arabic : عبد الرزاق بوكبة ) ( born 1977 ) is an Algerian journalist , author and television presenter .
William D. Wittliff ( born January 1940 ) , sometimes credited as Bill Wittliff , is an award winning American screenwriter , author and photographer who wrote the screenplays for The Perfect Storm ( 2000 ) , Barbarosa ( 1982 ) , Raggedy Man ( 1981 ) , and many others .
Andris Piebalgs ( born 17 September 1957 ) is a Latvian politician and diplomat who served as European Commissioner for Development at the European Commission from 2010 until 2014 .
Ismet Đuherić ( born 14 March 1949 ) was the first commander of the Meša Selimović Company ( named for Yugoslav writer Meša Selimović ) of the Army of the Republika Srpska ( the Bosnian Serb Army ) .
Andrew Wiederhorn ( born 1965 ) is an American businessman from Portland , Oregon .
E. Hunter Harrison ( born 1944 ) is a railway executive who has been serving as the President and Chief Executive Officer of Canadian Pacific Railway ( CPR ) since June 29 , 2012 .
Joel Otterson ( born in Inglewood , CA , 1959 , United States ) is an American artist who lives and works in Los Angeles , CA .
Mehdi Aliyari ( Persian : مهدی علی‌یاری‎‎ , born 13 March 1989 ) is an Iranian Greco - Roman wrestler .
Urmas Alas ( born 1956 ) is a prolific Estonian science fiction writer .
Augustus Jessopp ( 20 December 1823 -- 12 February 1914 ) was an English cleric and writer .
Boonreung Buachan ( 1969 -- March 22 , 2004 ) was a man who held the Guinness Book of World Records title for spending the most time in a container with snakes .
Angelle Sampey , born Angelle Monique Sampey , August 7 , 1970 , New Orleans , Louisiana , is an American Pro Stock Motorcycle racer .
BP Fallon ( born 24 August 1946 ) is an Irish DJ , author , photographer , and musician .
Buren Bayaer ( born 1960 ) is a singer , composer and journalist in China .
Alexandra Maria Lara ( née Plătăreanu ; 12 November 1978 ) is a Romanian - born German actress best known for her roles in Downfall ( 2004 ) , Control ( 2007 ) , Youth Without Youth ( 2007 ) , The Reader ( 2008 ) , and Rush ( 2013 ) .
Dejan Lovren ( pronounced ( loʋrêːn ) ; born 5 July 1989 ) is a Croatian professional footballer who plays as a central defender for Premier League club Liverpool and the Croatian national team .
Luke Beveridge ( born 23 August 1970 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for Melbourne , Footscray and St Kilda in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) during the 1990s .
Anthony Farrell ( born 17 January 1969 in Huddersfield , West Riding of Yorkshire ) was an English / Welsh rugby league player .
Camille Jones ( born 28 November 1973 ) is a Danish pop singer , songwriter and record producer .
Evan Hammond ( born 1980 in Flin Flon , Manitoba ) is a Canadian morning radio show host , hockey play - by - play broadcaster , and blogger .
Pablo Martínez ( Spanish pronunciation : ( ˈpaβlo marˈtines ) ; born 7 November 1987 ) is an Argentine actor and singer .
Friedrich Wilhelm Ernst Ziesemer ( 8 August 1897 -- 3 October 1972 ) was an Australian dairy farmer , grazier and wheat farmer .
Albert Folens ( 1917 - 2003 ) was a Belgian - born publisher of educational materials in Ireland .
Iancu Jianu ( Romanian pronunciation : ( ˈjaŋku ʒiˈanu ) ; 1787 -- December 14 , 1842 ) , also Ioniţă Jianu , was a Wallachian Romanian hajduk .
Tom McGurk ( Irish : Tomás Mac Oric ) ( born 20 December 1946 ) is an Irish poet , journalist , radio presenter and sportscaster from Brockagh , County Tyrone , Northern Ireland .
Yuval Zellner ( Hebrew : יובל צלנר‎ , born 2 March 1978 ) is an Israeli politician .
David McInerney ( born 7 December 1992 ) is an Irish hurler who plays as a full - back for the Clare senior team .
Malcolm Mowbray ( born 1949 ) is a British screenwriter and television and film director .
Alexandra Chernitsyna ( born 1982 in Kaliningrad ) is a German - Russian flute and piano player .
Javier Jose Mendoza ( born 1978 ) is a Mexican American conductor who most recently has served as the music director of the Chicago Arts Orchestra .
Myeong - Hee Yu ( born 5 September 1954 ) is a South Korean microbiologist .
Tamás Tűz ( Hungarian pronunciation : ( ' Tyːz ' Tɒmaːʃ ) 18 April 1916 -- 7 April 1992 ) was a Hungarian poet , writer , Catholic priest .
Toby Sedgwick ( born 16 August 1958 ) is a British movement director , actor , and theatre choreographer .
Skip Heitzig ( born 1955 ) is the founder and senior pastor of Calvary of Albuquerque , a Calvary Chapel fellowship located in Albuquerque , New Mexico .
Luke O'Dwyer ( born 30 January 1983 ) is a former professional rugby league footballer for the Gold Coast Titans of the National Rugby League .
Francisco Núñez de Pineda y Bascuñán ( 1607 - -1682 ) was a Chilean writer and soldier .
Nadir Nadirov ( Kazakh : Нәдір Кәрімұлы Нәдіров ; Russian : Надир Каримович Надиров ) born 6 January 1932 ;
Stine Stengade ( born 1 June 1972 ) is a Danish actress best known for her leading role in the 2001 Dogme 95 film Kira 's Reason :
The Reverend Jonathan Scobie ( 1827 - 1926 ) was an American Baptist minister and missionary in Yokohama , Japan .
Eva Puskarčíková ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈɛva ˈpuskartʃiːkovaː ) , born 3 January 1991 ) is a Czech biathlete .
Simon Levack ( born 1965 ) is a British author of historical mystery novels .
Steven Gillespie ( born 4 June 1985 ) is an English semi - professional footballer who plays for Warrington Town as a striker .
Shi Jiuyong ( simplified Chinese : 史久镛 ; traditional Chinese : 史久鏞 ; born 9 October 1926 ) is a former judge at the International Court of Justice ( ICJ ) .
Boo Saville ( born 15 January 1980 in Norwich ) is a contemporary artist .
Clayton Watson ( born 23 March 1977 ) is an Australian producer , actor , writer , and director .
Harry W. Crosby ( born 1926 in Seattle , Washington ) is an American historian and photographer .
Jack Shalloo ( born 10 December 1986 , in Hornchurch , Essex ) is an English actor who is known for his role as Lewis in Our House , Hamlet in Hamlet The Musical and Pete in Departure Lounge .
Cyril Abiteboul ( born 14 October 1977 ) is a French motor racing engineer and manager .
Katja Haller ( born 12 January , 1981 ) is an Italian professional biathlete , who has been competing on the World Cup circuit since the 2001 - -02 season .
Philip Tartaglia ( born 11 January 1951 ) is the Archbishop and Metropolitan of Glasgow and the 40th successor of Saint Mungo .
Tzufit Grant ( also spelled Tzofit ; Hebrew : צופית גרנט‎ , born 13 November 1964 ) is an Israeli actress and former host of the television show Milkshake .
James So'oialo ( born 2 March 1989 ) was a Samoan rugby union footballer .
Tim Beverley ( born 1956 ) is former NASCAR team owner .
Fehim Zavalani ( 1859 - 1935 ) was an Albanian journalist and activist of the Albanian National Awakening .
Saleh Morsi ( Arabic : صالح مرسي‎ ) , born in Kafr El - Zayat in 1929 , was a popular Egyptian screenwriter and novelist best known for his espionage thrillers .
Arthur Harry Church FRS ( 28 March 1865 -- 24 April 1937 ) was a British botanist and botanical illustrator .
Jean - Paul Cluzel ( born 29 January 1947 ) is a French government official and politician .
François Weyergans ( born 2 August 1941 ) is a Belgian writer and director .
Arthur Preuss ( 1871 - -1934 ) was a German American journalist , editor and writer .
Royden Lam ( Chinese:林鼎智 ; born 8 September 1975 ) is a darts player from Hong Kong .
Kaila McKnight ( born 5 May 1986 ) is an Australian athletics competitor .
Martin Jenkin ( born 1 March 1975 ) was an English cricketer who was born in Redruth , and was a left - handed batsman who played for Cornwall .
Abbas Arnaout ( Arabic : عباس أرناؤوط‎ ) ( born 23 October 1944 ) is a Jordanian director and writer , most known recently for being the founder and festival director of the Aljazeera International Documentary Film Festival , as well as his documentary film making career .
George Gatis ( born 25 March 1978 in Townsville , Queensland , Australia ) was a professional rugby league player who played in the National Rugby League and Super League competitions .
Carl Gotthelf Gerlach ( 31 December 1704 -- 9 July 1761 ) was a German organist , who took over the Leipzig Collegium Musicum from Johann Sebastian Bach between 1737 and 1739 .
Wonjong of Goryeo ( 5 April 1219 -- 23 July 1274 ) ( r. 1260 - -1274 ) was the 24th ruler of the Goryeo dynasty of Korea .
Hewasandatchige Asiri Prasanna Wishvanath Jayawardene ( Sinhala : හේවාසන්දච්චිගේ ආසිරි ප්‍රසන්න විශ්වනාත් ජයවර්ධන ) ( born 9 October 1979 , commonly known as Prasanna Jayawardene ) is a Sri Lankan cricketer .
Preston Ware Orem ( 1865 -- May 26 , 1938 ) was an American composer , pianist , and writer on music .
Telmo Além da Silva ( born 13 January 1975 ) , known simply as Telmo , is a Brazilian retired footballer who played as a left back .
Matt Shirvington ( born 25 October 1978 ) is an Australian athlete and television presenter who held the Australian 100 m national sprint title from 1998 to 2002 .
Emanuel Herrera ( Spanish pronunciation : ( emaˈnwel eˈreɾa ) , born 13 April 1987 ) is an Argentine footballer that currently plays for Ecuadorian Serie A club Emelec as a striker .
Raanan Rein ( 17 June 1960 ) is the Elías Sourasky Professor of Latin American and Spanish History and Vice President of Tel Aviv University .
Johnny Wakelin ( born 1939 in Brighton , Sussex , England ) is an English recording artist with the Pye Records label .
Duncan Urquhart ( born 18 August 1908 ) was a Scottish footballer , who played for Hibernian , Aberdeen and Barrow .
Serhiy Dzyndzyruk ( Ukrainian : Сергій Дзінзірук ; born 1 March 1976 ) is a Ukrainian professional boxer and a former WBO super welterweight champion .
DJ Zany ( or just Zany ; real name : Raoul van Grinsven ) ( born 11 May 1974 in Beek en Donk ) is a disc jockey and former member of Shadowlands Terrorists , now specialising in hardstyle .
Mark Radcliffe ( born 29 June 1958 ) is an English broadcaster , musician and writer .
Karen C. Johnson ( born 1955 ) is a research professor in the Departments of Preventive Medicine and Medicine in the College of Medicine at the University of Tennessee Health Science Center ( UTHSC ) .
Sarimah Ahmad ( born on 28 April 1942 ) , better known as Sarimah is a Malaysian actress most famously known for her work in various black - and - white Malay films of the 1960s and 1970s including Ibu Mertuaku and Madu Tiga .
Yehudit Sasportas ( b 1969 ) is an Israeli artist .
James Kenan ( 1740 - -1810 ) was a military leader of the American Revolutionary War , and an early senator of the state of North Carolina .
Li Dashuang ( simplified Chinese : 李大双 ; traditional Chinese : 李大雙 ; pinyin : Lǐ Dàshuāng ; born 1 November 1973 in Xiantao , Hubei ) is a Chinese artistic gymnast and twin of Li Xiaoshuang .
Mikhail Vdovin ( born 15 January 1967 ) is a retired Russian 400 metres runner .
Amy Richards ( born ca . 1971 ) is an American activist , writer , organizer , feminist and art historian .
Stefan Effenberg ( German pronunciation : ( ˈʃtɛfan ˈɛfəmbɛɐ̯k ) ; born 2 August 1968 ) is a retired German footballer and current manager of SC Paderborn .
Gaius Appuleius Diocles was an ancient Hispano - Roman , a Lusitanian of the 2nd century AD , born in Emerita Augusta , 104 AD ( now Mérida , Spain ) , died in Praeneste , ( present Palestrina , Italy ) notable for racing chariots .
Syed Mumtaz Alam Gillani ( also spelled Gilani and Geelani ) ( born 20 January 1940 ) is a Pakistani lawyer and former federal minister of Human Rights , a new portfolio , the Ministry of Human Rights which was carved out of the ministry of law and justice .
Arve Moen Bergset ( born 13 March 1972 ) is a Norwegian folk singer , hardanger fiddler , and classical violinist .
Pierre Scheuer ( 9 November 1872 , Schaerbeek -- 6 February 1957 , Louvain ) was a Belgian Jesuit priest , metaphysician and mystic .
Sir Mark Ivan Rogers KCMG ( born 1960 ) is a senior British civil servant who commenced his role as Permanent Representative of the United Kingdom to the European Union on the 4 November 2013 .
James Mendeika ( born 16 December 1991 ) is an English rugby league footballer of Irish descent who plays as a centre or fullback for the Championship side Bradford Bulls .
Ioan Teodor Callimachi ( 1690 - -1780 ) was Prince of Moldavia from 1758 to 1761 .
Cristoforo Coriolano ( ( kriˈstɔːforo korjoˈlaːno ) ) ( born 1540 ) was a German engraver of the Renaissance .
Katharine Gordon ( born 1916 ) was a British writer of eight romance novels from 1978 to 2001 .
Jean - Marc Robitaille ( born 11 September 1955 in Lévis , Quebec ) was a member of the Canadian House of Commons from 1988 to 1993 and is currently mayor of Terrebonne , Quebec .
Nahum Levin ( Hebrew : נחום לוין‎ , born 8 June 1905 , died 8 June 1967 ) was an Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for Herut and Gahal from 1955 until 1965 .
Konrad Bartelski ( born 27 May 1954 ) is a former British alpine ski racer who produced the best result by a Briton on the Alpine Skiing World Cup circuit in 1981 by coming within 0.11 seconds of winning a World Cup downhill race at Val Gardena .
Harold Tanner ( born 1932 ) is an investment banker and philanthropist .
Samuel Keeler ( 1656 -- May 19 , 1713 ) was a member of the House of Representatives of the Colony of Connecticut from Norwalk in the sessions of October 1701 , October 1703 , May 1704 , May 1706 , May 1709 and October 1709 .
Caoimhe Butterly ( born 1978 ) is an Irish peace activist who has worked with AIDS victims in Zimbabwe , the homeless in New York , and with Zapatistas in Mexico as well as more recently in the Middle East and Haiti .
Kade Kolodjashnij ( Pronounced : collar - jazz - knee)(born 9 August 1995 ) is an Australian rules footballer who plays for the Gold Coast Football Club in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) .
Eelyn Kok Hui Wen ( Chinese : 郭蕙雯 ; pinyin : Guō Huìwén ; Pe̍h - ōe - jī : Kok Hūi - bûn ; born 12 August 1978 ) is a Singaporean television actress .
Art Baron ( né Arthur John Baron ; born 5 January 1950 Bridgeport , Connecticut ) is an American jazz trombonist .
Megan Hughes ( married name Megan Bäckstedt , born 5 January 1977 ) is a Welsh retired track and road racing cyclist .
Ilona Bruzsenyák ( born 14 September 1950 ) is a Hungarian former track and field athlete who competed in the women 's pentathlon , long jump and 100 metres hurdles .
Harald Rosenløw Eeg ( born 18 August 1970 ) is a Norwegian novelist and script writer .
Henri Giscard d'Estaing ( born 17 October 1956 ) is a French business figure and son of former French President Valéry Giscard d'Estaing .
Fritz Emeran Nkusi ( born 28 March 1976 ) is a former professional footballer who played as a right back .
Tatyana Roslanova ( née Khajimuradova ) ( born 28 September 1980 ) is a Kazakhstani runner who specializes in the 400 and 800 metres .
Rachel Joynt ( born 1966 in County Kerry ) is an Irish sculptor who has created some prominent Irish public art . She graduated from the National College of Art and Design in Dublin in 1989 with a degree in sculpture .
Hilmi İşgüzar ( born 1929 in Yozgat , Turkey ) is a Turkish politician and former government minister .
Xie Yi FRSC ( simplified Chinese : 谢毅 ; traditional Chinese : 謝毅 ; pinyin : Xiè Yì ; born 23 July 1967 ) is a Chinese chemist .
Wang Zihui ( Chinese : 王子惠 ; pinyin : Wáng Zǐhuì ; Wade -- Giles : Wang Tsu - hui ) ( born 1892 ) was a politician , military personnel and journalist in the Republic of China .
Silvia Szalai ( born 26 February 1975 ) is a retired German swimmer who won one silver and two gold medals in the 4×200 m freestyle relay at the European and world championships in 1998 , 1999 and 2001 .
Muhammed Necati Şaşmaz ( born 15 December 1971 ) is a Turkish actor , best known for playing the lead role of Polat Alemdar in the popular television series Kurtlar Vadisi ( Valley of the Wolves ) and its movie spin - offs , including Kurtlar Vadisi Irak ( Valley of the Wolves Iraq ) .
Élise Delzenne ( born 28 January 1989 ) is a French professional racing cyclist who competes on the road and the track .
Dov Carmel ( Hebrew : דוב כרמל ) is a composer and arranger ( born Budapest , 1932 ) , who began producing compositions during the 1960s .
Victoria Shalet ( born 9 December 1981 ) is a former English actress most famous for her role as Harmony in the award - winning CBBC adaptation of the Dick King - Smith book The Queen 's Nose .
Jonathan L. Foote , or Jonathan Lipe Foote , is an American architect whose work is associated with the preservation movement in the U.S. Foote was born in London in 1935 , and is the second son of U.S. Col . Ray Palmer Foote and Rosann Lipe Foote Smith .
( Carl Fredrik ) Edmund Neupert ( 1 April 1842 -- 22 June 1888 ) was a Norwegian pianist and composer .
Henry Morley Kidgell ( 27 March 1881 -- 30 January 1948 ) was a former Australian rules footballer of the early Twentieth Century , playing with South Melbourne Football Club in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Leon Schagrin ( born 1926 ) is a Holocaust survivor and Jewish advocate in the State of Florida .
Benjamin Vaughan MD LLD ( 19 April 1751 -- 8 December 1835 ) was a British political radical .
Rose Elinor Dougall ( born 13 March 1986 ) is an English singer , songwriter and musician best known for being a member of The Pipettes and for performing with Mark Ronson .
Stephen Venables ( born 2 May 1954 ) is a British mountaineer and writer , and is a past president of the South Georgia Association and of the Alpine Club .
Almir Gegić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Алмир Сенан Гегић ; born 30 October 1979 ) is a Serbian footballer .
Alan Hopper ( born 17 July 1937 ) is an English former professional footballer who played as a right back .
Tafadzwa Kamungozi ( born 8 June 1987 ) is a Zimbabwean cricketer who bowls leg break .
Laura Mulvey ( born 15 August 1941 ) is a British feminist film theorist .
Yoshihiro Azuma ( born 7 May 1991 in Takamatsu ) is a Japanese sprinter .
John of Leiden ( Dutch : Jan van Leiden ; also Jan Beukelsz , Jan Beukelszoon , John Bockold , John Bockelson ; February 2 , 1509 -- January 22 , 1536 ) , was an Anabaptist leader from Leiden , in the Holy Roman Empire 's County of Holland .
Aage Storstein ( born 26 July 1900 -- 7 May 1983 ) was a Norwegian artist .
Geoffrey Alderman ( born 10 February 1944 ) is a British historian , especially of the Jewish community in England in the 19th and 20th centuries , and also an academic , political adviser and journalist .
Ivan Panteleymonovich Yemelyanov ( Russian : Иван Пантелеймонович Емельянов ) was a Russian revolutionary and a member of Narodnaya Volya who took part in the assassination of Tsar Alexander II . Born in 1861 , Ivan Yemelyanov was a graduate from a trade school , then studied abroad on a grant from Baron Ginzburg , and became a cabinetmaker .
Henry Hyde , 2nd Earl of Clarendon PC ( 2 June 1638 -- 31 October 1709 ) , was an English aristocrat and politician .
Ravi Dubey ( pronounced ( rəʋiː d̪ʊbeː ) ; born 23 December 1983 ) is an Indian television actor .
Michael Ron ( Hebrew : מיכאל רון‎ ; born 15 August 1932 ) is a retired Israeli fencer .
Born in Connellsville , Pennsylvania in 1964 , Scott Blasey graduated from Connellsville Area Senior High School in 1982 .
Leif Dietrichson ( 1 September 1890 -- 18 June 1928 ) was a Norwegian military officer and aviation pioneer .
Alpha Oumar Barry ( 1925 - -1977 ) was a Guinean politician , a member of the cabinet of President Ahmed Sékou Touré in the first Guinean republic , who was later arrested and died at Camp Boiro .
Alfred Tatar ( born 8 August 1963 ) is an Austrian former footballer and now coach .
Meena Lee ( Hangul : 이미나 ; born 25 December 1981 ) is a South Korean professional golfer who plays on the United States - based LPGA Tour .
Víctor Manuel Vucetich Rojas ( born 25 June 1955 ) is a retired Mexican footballer and current manager of Querétaro of the Liga MX .
Moshe Atzmon ( Hebrew : משה עצמון‎ , born 30 July 1931 ) is an Israeli conductor .
La Tana ( born 1976 as Victoria Santiago Borja ) is a `` universally acclaimed '' Spanish flamenco singer .
Priscilla Maria Veronica White OBE ( 27 May 1943 -- 1 August 2015 ) , known by her stage name Cilla Black , was an English singer , television presenter , actress , and author .
Sigismondo Malatesta ( November 1498 -- December 1553 ) was an Italian condottiero .
Travis O'Neel ( 1978 - -2015 ) was the captain of the University of North Dakota 's 2001 national championship football team .
Thomas Henry Shadwell Clerke , KH ( 1792 - 1849 ) , was an Irish soldier and military journalist .
Beverly Schmidt Blossom ( August 28 , 1926 -- November 1 , 2014 ) was an American modern dancer , choreographer and teacher .
Robert Gluck ( born 1955 ) is a pianist and composer whose repertoire spans jazz , live electronic music , and avant - garde music .
Éamonn Burns ( Irish : Éamonn Ó Broin ; born 24 January 1972 ) is an Irish Gaelic footballer who played for Ballinascreen and Derry in the 1990s and early 2000s .
Igor Outkine ( born 1964 in Soviet Union ) is an acoustic and midi accordionist and vocalist .
Veljko Tukša ( known in the United States as Val Tuksa ; born 21 November 1950 ) is a retired Yugoslavian football ( soccer ) player who played professionally in the North American Soccer League and Major Indoor Soccer League .
Józef Ćwierczakiewicz , Józef Ćwierciakiewicz ( 1822 -- 12 September 1869 in Geneva ) , also known as Joseph Card , was a Polish journalist , representative of Komitet Centralny Narodowy in West Prussia ( Pomerania ) in 1861 - 1863 , agent of Komitet Centralny Narodowy in England in 1862 - 1863 .
Don Carlos Gereda y de Borbón , Marqués de Almazán , born on 24 January 1947 in Montevideo , Uruguay , is a Spanish aristocrat , engineer and entrepreneur .
Sir Charles Carteret , 3rd Baronet ( 4 June 1679 -- 6 June May 1715 ) was Seigneur of Sark from 1693 to 1715 .
Jens Marquardt ( born 20 May 1967 ) , is a motor sports engineer and manager , most recently the business development manager of Toyota Motorsport GmbH. After gaining a degree in aerospace technology , he joined Ilmor Engineering in 1996 , developing both Formula One and CART engines .
Patricia Ross ( born 8 March 1959 in Middlebury , Vermont ) is an American former cross country skier who competed from 1982 to 1984 .
Damiano Zenoni ( born 23 April 1977 ) is an Italian football manager and former player , who was capable of playing both as a midfielder and as a defender , anywhere in midfield or defence .
Giovanni Rector ( born 27 January 1982 ) is a South African professional football ( soccer ) player , who is playing at a Western Province United .
Asha Gigi Roba ( born 15 October 1973 in Arsi ) is an Ethiopian long - distance runner who specialises in the marathon .
František Čáp ( 7 December 1913 -- 12 January 1972 ) , also known as `` Franz Cap '' in Germany , was a Czech film director and screenwriter .
Roland Pröll ( born 11 June 1949 in Unna , North Rhine - Westphalia ) is a German pianist , conductor , composer , musicologist , and professor of music .
Major George Druitt ( 1775 - -1842 ) was a soldier and Australian pioneer .
Dora Gález ( 1903 - 2002 ) was a pioneering Argentine actress and vedette .
Li Haopei ( Chinese : 李浩培 ; pinyin : Lǐ Hàopéi ; 6 July 1906 , Shanghai - 6 November 1997 , The Hague ) was a Chinese jurist , diplomat and academic .
Sigrun Eng ( born 5 June 1951 in Sør - Fron ) is a Norwegian politician who belongs to the Labour Party .
Alister McRae ( born 20 December 1970 ) is a British rally driver who competed in the World Rally Championship .
Kay Bojesen ( 15 August 1886 -- 28 August 1958 ) was a Danish silversmith and designer .
Franco Boffi ( born 2 November 1958 ) is an Italian former middle distance runner , that won a gold medal at the Summer Universiade ( 1985 ) .
Richard Samuel Chattock ( 1825 - 1906 ) was printmaker , painter and etcher born in Solihull ( then in Warwickshire , now in the West Midlands ) , England .
Keith Windschuttle ( born 1942 ) is an Australian writer , historian , and former ABC board member .
Bishop Fidelis Rakotonarivo ( born 28 August 1956 in Ambohimahazo ) is the head of the Diocese of Ambositra in Ambositra , Madagascar .
Robert N. Charrette ( born 1953 ) is an award - winning graphic artist , game designer , sculptor and author .
Du Cong ( 杜悰 ) ( 794?-873 ? ) , courtesy name Yongyu ( 永裕 ) , formally the Duke of Bin ( 邠公 ) , was an official of the Tang dynasty of China , serving two terms as chancellor during the reigns of Emperor Wuzong and Emperor Wuzong 's cousin Emperor Yizong .
Walter Trott ( born 1 June 1907 , date of death unknown ) is a German bobsledder who competed in the mid-1930s .
Andrew P. Wilson ( born 1886 in Edinburgh , Scotland ) , was a UK director , playwright , teacher , and actor .
Xu Xingde ( simplified Chinese : 许兴德 ; traditional Chinese : 許興德 ; pinyin : Xǔ Xìngdé ; born 12 June 1984 in Yunnan ) is a Chinese race walker .
Dettlef Günther ( sometimes shown as Detlef Günther , born 27 August 1954 in Erlabrunn , Saxony ) is an East German former luger who competed from the mid-1970s to the early 1980s .
Gillian Russell - Love ( born 28 September 1973 in St. Andrews ) is a Jamaican athlete who specializes in the 100 metres hurdles .
Dave Tolley ( born 1978 , Kitchener , Ontario ) is a Canadian hand percussionist and drummer .
Jiří Dolejš ( * 24 . January 1961 , Praha ) is a Czech communist politician .
Alexz Wigg ( born 11 November 1989 ) , is an English International motorcycle trials rider .
Yi Gang ( Chinese : 易纲 ; pinyin : Yì Gāng ) ( born 1958 ) is the former Director of the State Administration of Foreign Exchange and Deputy Governor of the People 's Bank of China .
Walter O'Brien ( born 24 February 1975 ) is an Irish businessman , information technologist , and media personality who is the founder and CEO of Scorpion Computer Services , Inc. He is also the inspiration for and executive producer of the CBS television series , Scorpion .
Hugh of Ibelin ( c. 1130 - 1133 -- 1169/1171 ) was an important noble in the crusader Kingdom of Jerusalem .
Marko Saaresto ( born 5 December 1970 ) is the founding member , lead vocalist and primary songwriter of the Finnish alternative rock band Poets of the Fall .
Mr. Oizo ( French : ( məsˈjø waˈzo ) ; born 14 April 1974 ) is the stage name of French electronic musician and film director Quentin Dupieux .
Manish Wadhwa ( born 23 April 1972 , in Mumbai ) is an Indian actor and voice actor .
Mariana Gheorghe ( born 1956 ) is the first woman general manager of Petrom .
Dyanand Chandila ( born 1954 ) is an Indian municipal counselor .
Doug Mountjoy ( born 8 June 1942 ) is a retired Welsh snooker player .
Sir Henry Collett ( 6 March 1836 -- 21 December 1901 ) was an English soldier and botanist .
Naree Song ( Korean : 송나리 , Thai : นารี วงศ์ลือเกียรติ ; rtgs : Nari Wonglue - kiat , born 1 May 1986 ) is a Korean professional golfer of Thai descent .
Franz Cisar ( born 28 November 1908 , date of death unknown ) was an Austrian footballer whose career lasted from 1926 to 1938 .
Jim Kammerud ( born 1960 ) is an American director , writer , producer and animator , best known for his work with the Walt Disney Company .
Horst Liepolt ( born 27 July 1927 ) is a jazz producer and artist .
Countess Louise Juliane of Erbach ( 1603 at Fürstenau Castle near Michelstadt -- 28 September 1670 in Friedewald ) was a Countess of Erbach by birth , and by marriage Countess of Sayn - Wittgenstein - Sayn .
Scarlett Bowman ( born 10 December 1985 ) is an English artist and actress best known for her role as Maddie Morrison in the British TV soap opera Hollyoaks .
Dr. András Cser - Palkovics ( born 1974 ) is a Hungarian politician , member of the National Assembly ( MP ) for Székesfehérvár ( Fejér County Constituency I ) between 2010 and 2014 .
Jiang Weiping ( Chinese : 姜维平 ; born c. 1955 ) is a veteran mainland Chinese journalist known internationally for his arrest by the Communist Party of China in 2001 .
Andrea Caccese ( born 16 July 1988 ) is an Italian singer - songwriter , guitarist and musician .
Maureen Haughey ( née Lemass ; born 1925 ) is the widow of Charles Haughey , who served as Taoiseach of Ireland for three terms .
Marie Guillot ( 9 September 1880 -- 5 March 1934 ) was a teacher in Saône - et - Loire and a pioneer of trade unionism in primary education .
Leonard Hope Green ( born 2 October 1936 ) , generally known as Len Green , is an English former footballer who made 50 appearances in the Football League playing as a right back for Darlington .
Scott Routenberg ( born 1978 ) is an American composer , jazz pianist , arranger and orchestrator .
Peter LaBarbera ( born 1963 ) is an American social conservative activist and the president of the anti - gay organization Americans for Truth about Homosexuality ( AFTAH ) .
Lucas Cornelis van Scheppingen ( born 22 October 1976 ) , better known under his stage name Laidback Luke , is a Filipino - Dutch DJ and producer .
Ben Kennedy ( born 14 March 1974 in Casino , New South Wales ) , is an Australian former professional rugby league footballer of the 1990s and 2000s .
Roy Barry ( born 19 September 1942 ) is a Scottish former professional footballer who played for Musselburgh Athletic 's junior side before being signed by Hearts .
Jan Müller - Wieland ( born 30 March 1966 in Hamburg ) is a German composer and conductor of classical music and an academic teacher .
Stefania Bojda ( born 1938 , in Cieszyn ) is a Polish artist and teacher .
Catherine Lalonde ( born 1974 ) is a Quebec poet and journalist .
Annie Miller ( 1835 - 1925 ) was an English artists ' model who , among others , sat for the members of the Pre - Raphaelite Brotherhood , William Holman Hunt , Dante Gabriel Rossetti and John Everett Millais .
Emma Brockes ( born 1975 ) is a British author and a contributor to The Guardian and The New York Times .
Malminder Gill ( born 30 November 1981 in Kent , United Kingdom ) is a self - help author and hypnotist from England .
George Cuthbertson ( 1898 - -1969 ) was a Canadian artist , researcher , and author .
Diane Keen ( born 29 July 1946 ) is an English actress , likely best known for her starring roles in the British TV drama Doctors in which she starred as Julia Parsons from 2003 - 2012 .
John C. Holland ( 1893 - -1970 ) was one of the longest - serving Los Angeles City Council members , for 24 years from 1943 to 1967 , and was known for his losing fight against bringing the Los Angeles Dodgers to Chavez Ravine and for his reputation as a watchdog over the city treasury .
Gary van Egmond ( born 29 June 1965 ) is an Australian former football ( soccer ) player and former manager of Newcastle Jets in the A - League .
Fanny Neguesha ( born 10 June 1990 ) is a Belgian model and media personality , daughter of Congolese - Rwandan mother and an Italian father .
Brett Dallas ( born 18 October 1974 ) is an Australian former rugby league footballer of the 1990s and 2000s .
Jack Mills ( 1 September 1905 -- 28 February 1970 ) was the driver of the train that was robbed in the Great Train Robbery in 1963 .
Camelia Hotea ( née Balint ; born 27 October 1984 ) is a Romanian handballer who plays for Corona Braşov and the Romanian national team in left wing position .
Laure Prouvost ( born 1978 ) is a French artist living and working in London .
Joe Capilano ( 1850 - -1910 ) , also known as Joe Mathias , was a leader of the Squamish , who called him Sa7plek ( Sahp - luk ) .
Hans Albrecht von Barfus ( 1635 -- December 27 , 1704 ) was a field marshal in the service of Brandenburg and Prussia , serving briefly as prime minister under King Frederick I.
Uta Ranke - Heinemann ( born 2 October 1927 ) is a German theologian , academic and author .
Bodys Isek Kingelez or Jean Baptiste ( 1948-March 14 , 2015 ) was a sculptor and artist from the Democratic Republic of Congo , mostly known for his models of fantastic cities made of cardboard .
Avishay Braverman ( Hebrew : אבישי ברוורמן‎ , born 15 January 1948 ) is an Israeli economist and politician .
Granville Penn ( 9 December 1761 -- 28 September 1844 ) was a great - grandson of Admiral Sir William Penn , a British author , and scriptural geologist .
Recep Yıldız ( born 10 March 1986 ) is a Turkish professional footballer who last played as a centre back for Körfez FK .
Manuel Inácio Martins Pamplona Corte Real , 1st Count of Subserra ( Angra do Heroismo ; 3 July 1760 - Elvas ; 16 October 1832 ) was a Portuguese nobleman and politician .
Flora Brovina ( born 30 September 1949 ) is a Kosovar Albanian poet , pediatrician and women 's rights activist .
Ren Shields was an American folk musician born in 1868 in Chicago , Illinois .
Bob Holtzman ( born 1972 ) is a television bureau - reporter for ESPN located in the city of Cincinnati , Ohio .
Trent Schmutter ( born 27 August 1987 in Sydney ) is an Australian Baseball League outfielder who currently plays for Sydney Blue Sox .
Primož Čučnik ( born 1 June 1971 ) is a Slovene poet , editor and translator .
Giovanni Paolo Gibertini , O.S.B. ( born 4 May 1922 ) is an Italian Prelate of Roman Catholic Church .
John Greening ( born 25 December 1950 in Burnie ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Collingwood in the VFL .
Auli Mantila ( born 27 May 1964 ) is a Finnish film director , writer , producer and actress .
Srilamanthula Chandramohan ( born 1981 ) is an artist who was born in Madanapally , a village in Andhra Pradesh in southern India .
Jeff Britting ( born 1957 ) is an American composer , playwright , author , and producer .
Jerry Potts ( 1840 -- July 14 , 1896 ) , ( also known as Ky - yo - kosi , meaning `` Bear Child '' ) , was an American - Canadian plainsman , buffalo hunter , horse trader , interpreter , and scout of Anglo - Métis heritage .
Erica Vaal ( 1927-October 17 , 2013 ) ( also known as Ricky Denver ) was an actress of theatre , film , and television , writer , radio host and presenter , she was born in Vienna of Austrian parents .
Iwan Serrurier ( 21 September 1878 , Leiden - 1953 ) was a Dutch - born electrical engineer notable for inventing the Moviola .
Paul Schwartz ( born 1956 ) is a music producer , composer , arranger , conductor , and pianist .
Jesse Slocumb ( 1780 - -1820 ) was a U.S. Congressional Representative from North Carolina .
Kemal Derviş ( Turkish pronunciation : ( keˈmal deɾviʃ ) ; born 10 January 1949 ) is a Turkish economist and politician , and former head of the United Nations Development Programme .
Edmund Gerber ( born 2 August 1988 ) is a German heavyweight pro boxer .
Virisila Buadromo ( born 1972 ) is a Fijian political activist and former journalist , who is the Executive Director of the Fiji Women 's Rights Movement ( FWRM ) .
Georgie Koutrouvelis ( born 20 December 1985 ) is an Australian football ( soccer ) striker who last played for Australian W - League team Melbourne Victory .
Larry Corowa ( born 5 August 1957 in Murwillumbah , New South Wales ) is an Indigenous Australian former professional rugby league footballer of the 1970s , 1980s and 1990s .
Edmund Bristow ( 1 Apr 1787 -- 12 Feb 1876 ) was an English animal , still life and subject painter .
Lieutenant - General Orit Adato ( Hebrew : אורית אדטו‎ , born 1955 ) is an Israeli former military commander and Prison Service Commissioner .
Joseph H. Gale ( born 1953 , in Virginia ) is a judge of the United States Tax Court .
Moayad Ajan ( Arabic : مؤيد العجان ‎ ) ( born 16 February 1993 in Syria ) is a Syrian footballer .
Farukh Abitov ( born 4 December 1988 ) is a Kyrgyzstani footballer , who is a defence player of Dordoi Bishkek .
Rosa Isabel Mutya Buena ( born 21 May 1985 ) is an English recording artist who rose to fame as a member of girl group the Sugababes .
Adam Szentpétery ( born 24 February 1956 ) is a Slovakian artist of Hungarian origin and the department Head / Professor of the Studio of Contemporary Image at the Faculty of Arts at the Technical University of Košice , Slovakia .
John Crosbie , 2nd Earl of Glandore PC , FRS ( 25 May 1753 -- 23 October 1815 ) , styled Viscount Crosbie between 1777 and 1781 , was an Irish politician and judge .
Alan Aboud ( born 13 May 1966 ) is an Irish graphic designer and creative director , from Dublin , Ireland .
Joseph Eldridge Hamblin ( January 13 , 1828 -- July 3 , 1870 ) was an American general during the Civil War , who led a regiment and then a brigade in the Army of the Potomac .
Tom Wontner ( born 25 June 1971 ) is a British film actor , writer , and producer .
Carmen Sánchez Levi ( born 1931 ) , commonly known as Carmela Rey , is a Mexican singer and actress .
Aleksandër Moisiu ( Albanian : Aleksandër Moisiu ; German : Alexander Moissi , Italian : Alessandro Moissi ; 2 April 1879 -- 22/23 March 1935 ) was an Albanian stage actor .
Hani Miletski ( born 1962 ) is a sexologist , and sex therapist living in Bethesda , Maryland , USA .
Timo Hoffmann ( born 25 September 1974 ) is a German professional boxer and multiple - time European heavyweight title challenger .
Krzysztof Zanussi , ( born 17 June 1939 ) is a Polish film and theatre director , producer and screenwriter .
Bruce Neish ( born 23 August 1950 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for Essendon and Footscray in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) during the early 1970s .
Marcos Sebastián Pol Gutiérrez ( Spanish pronunciation : ( ˈmarkos seβasˈtjan ˈpol ) , born 15 March 1988 ) is an Argentine football striker .
Funmilola Ogundana ( born 26 December 1980 Died 8 February 2013 ) was a Nigerian sprinter who specialized in the 100 metres .
Greg Gorman ( born 1949 ) is an American portrait photographer of Hollywood celebrities .
William Villalongo ( born 1975 in Hollywood , Florida ) is an American artist working in painting , printmaking , sculpture , and installation .
Vida Chenoweth ( born 1929 in Enid , Oklahoma ) was the first professional solo classical marimbist , an ethnomusicologist and a linguist .
Bo Andreas Gustafsson ( Born 10 August 1981 in Gothenburg ) is a Swedish race walker .
Lukáš Hlava ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈlukaːʃ ˈɦlava ) , born 10 September 1984 in Harrachov ) is a Czech ski jumper who has competed since 2002 .
George Peppin ( c. 1841 -- September 14 , 1904 ) was a corrupt sheriff in Lincoln County , New Mexico , who figured prominently into the Lincoln County War .
Wang Fengge ( 王凤阁 ; 1895 - -1937 ) was born in Tonghua , Jilin , China .
Martin Harley ( born 1975 , Cardiff , Wales ) is a British singer - songwriter and slide guitarist .
Tudor Casapu or Fedor Kassapu ( Russian : Фёдор Михайлович Касапу ) ( born 18 September 1963 in Mingir ) is a Moldovan weightlifter , World Champion and Olympic Champion .
George Shiels ( 24 June 1881 -- 19 September 1949 ) was an Irish dramatist whose plays were a success both in his native Ulster and at the Abbey Theatre in Dublin .
Rodney Eade ( born 4 April 1958 ) is a former Australian rules footballer and the former coach of the Sydney Swans and the Western Bulldogs in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) .
Keith Amos ( born 13 January 1932 ) is a former English footballer who played in the Football League for Aldershot .
Asensio Nebot `` The Friar '' , born in Nules , Spain in 1779 , was the most important guerrillero in the Kingdom of Valencia during the Peninsular War but he has not received the recognition that he deserves .
Edwin Lionel Wilson ( E. L Wilson ) ( 28 March 1861 -- 24 November 1951 ) , along with Alan Mansfield was the founder of Collingwood Football Club .
Mustafa Altıoklar ( born 1958 , Ankara ) is a Turkish film director , producer and screenwriter .
Nazan Azeri is a Turkish visual artist , born in Bursa , Turkey in 1953 .
George Richard Savage Nassau ( 1756 - -1823 ) was an English country gentleman , known as a bibliophile ,
Thomas Östros ( born 26 January 1965 in Gällivare , Norrbotten County ) is a Swedish economist , former Social Democratic politician and CEO of the Swedish Bankers ' Association .
Duane C. Butcher ( born 1965 ) is an American diplomat serving as the Chargé d'affaires at U.S. Embassy Bucharest .
Ruslan Fomin ( Ukrainian : Руслан Миколайович Фомін ; born 2 March 1986 in Lozova , Kharkiv Oblast ) is a Ukrainian footballer who last plays as a striker for FC Atyrau in the Kazakhstan Premier League .
Jesús Mendoza Aguirre ( born 23 February 1977 ) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a left back , and the current manager of Trebujena CF . He spent the vast majority of his 18-year senior career with Xerez , competing in all three major levels of Spanish football and appearing in 459 official games .
Si Yi Chen ( born 19 March 1985 ) is an Australian who was convicted in Indonesia for drug trafficking as a member of the Bali Nine .
Hugh Annesley , 5th Earl Annesley ( 26 January 1831 -- 15 December 1908 ) was a British military officer and Member of Parliament for County Cavan from 1857 to 1874 .
Naphtali Lau - Lavie ( sometimes Naphtali Lavie ) ( 1926 - -December 6 , 2014 ) was an Israeli journalist , author and diplomat .
Tanja Kragujević , ( Serbian Cyrillic : Тања Крагујевић ) a Serbian poet , was born in 1946 .
Dov Shilansky ( Hebrew : דב שילנסקי‎ , 21 March 1924 -- 9 December 2010 ) was an Israeli politician and Speaker of the Knesset from 1988 to 1992 .
Enea Bastianini ( born 30 December 1997 ) is an Italian Grand Prix motorcycle racer .
Abdul Latif Khalid Cheema ( عبداللطیف خالد چیمہ , born 12 May 1956 ) is Secretary General of Majlis - e - Ahrar - e - Islam and Central convener of Muttahida Tehreek - e - Khatme Nabuwwat Rabitta Committee .
Rojan Hazim ( born 1956 ) , is a contemporary Kurdish writer , journalist , translator and literary critic .
Billy Reeves ( born 7 June 1965 ) is a British songwriter , musician , record producer and broadcaster .
May Britt ( born 22 March 1934 ) is a Swedish actress who had a brief career in the 1950s in Italy and later in the United States .
James Disney - May ( born 4 August 1992 ) is an English competitive swimmer .
Rolf Sæther ( born 20 May 1937 ) is a Norwegian shipping executive and writer .
Roy Gater ( born 22 June 1940 ) is an English former footballer who played for Port Vale , Bournemouth & Boscombe Athletic , Crewe Alexandra , Weymouth , Dorchester Town and Christchurch .
Francine Raymond ( Montréal , 9 June 1956 ) is a French Canadian singer songwriter .
Rufino Rodríguez de la Torre ( 2 December 1900 - ? ) is an Argentinan sailor .
James Swarbrick ( born 1881 ; date of death unknown ) was a footballer who played in the Football League .
Francis Xavier Schmalzgrueber ( 9 October 1663 -- 7 November 1735 ) was a German Jesuit canonist .
Terry Lamb OAM , ( born 15 September 1961 ) is an Australian former rugby league footballer and coach .
Stephen G. Hall ( born 25 December 1953 ) is a British economist and academic .
Daron Beneby ( born 4 May 1984 ) is a Bahamian international soccer player , who plays as a midfielder for the Bahamas national team
Gregory Woods ( born in 1953 in Egypt ) is a British poet who grew up in Ghana .
Albano Lugli ( Carpi , 13 November 1834 -- Carpi , 8 August 1914 ) was an Italian painter and ceramic artist mainly active in his native Carpi , painting historic and sacred subjects .
Llambi Gegprifti ( born in Pogradec , 1942 ) is a former Albanian politician and mayor of Tirana ( precisely Chairman of the Executive Committee of the People 's Council of Tirana District ) from 1986 through 1987 and 1989 through 1990 .
Sara Banerji ( née Mostyn ) ( born 6 June 1932 ) is a British author , artist and sculptor .
Karmen Stavec ( born 21 December 1973 ) is a Slovene musician and pop singer .
Muhammad Nimr al - Hawari ( born 1908 , date of death unknown ) was a Nazareth - born Palestinian who studied law in Jerusalem , graduating in 1939 .
John of Bar ( 1380 - 21 October 1415 , Agincourt ) was lord of Puisaye .
Roy Holder ( born 15 June 1946 ) is an English television actor who has appeared in various programmes including Ace of Wands , Z - Cars , Spearhead , the Doctor Who serial The Caves of Androzani and Sorry !
Susan Hamilton ( born 1970 ) is a Scottish Soprano focusing on Baroque and Contemporary music Her earliest musical education was as a chorister at St Mary 's Episcopal Cathedral and as a pupil at St Mary 's Music School in Edinburgh .
Arnfinn Graue ( born 1 October 1926 ) was a Norwegian nuclear physicist .
Linda Weiser Friedman ( born 1953 ) is an author and academic .
Peter R. Kann ( born 1942 ) is an American journalist , editor , and businessman .
Xu Youzhi ( Chinese:许有志 ; Pinyin : Xǔ Yǒuzhì ; born 13 December 1987 ) is a Chinese football player who currently plays for Jiangsu Sainty in the Chinese Super League .
Kristina Georgieva ( Bulgarian : Кристина Георгиева ) ( born 1992 ) is a Bulgarian beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Miss Universe Bulgaria 2014 and represented Bulgaria at the Miss Universe 2014 pageant .
Shujauddin Malik ( born 29 February 1972 in Gujranwala ) is a Commonwealth Games gold medal winning weightlifter from Pakistan . Malik was awarded the Sitaraie Imtiaz in 2010 for his achievements . He currently holds the Commonwealth Games record in the 85 - 100 kg category while lifting 193 Kg clean&jerk at Commonwealth Games 2006 in Melbourne .
Valentine Demy ( born 24 January 1963 ) is an Italian mainstream and pornographic actress .
Ninoslav Radovanović ( born 6 May 1940 ) is a prominent cardiac surgeon from Serbia .
Erwin J. Haeberle ( born 30 March 1936 ) is a German social scientist and sexologist .
Harry Frauca ( born 14 October 1928 ) was an Australian naturalist , writer and photographer .
Karenne Wood ( born 1960 ) is a member of the Monacan Indian tribe who is known for her poetry and for her work in tribal history .
Thomas Baptiste ( born 1936 ) is a Guyanese - born British actor and opera singer .
Gabriele Haupt ( born 1 March 1942 ) was a former East German cross country skier who competed in the late 1960s and early 1970s .
Annie Fellows Johnston ( 1863 - -1931 ) was an American author of children 's fiction who wrote the popular `` Little Colonel '' series , which was the basis for the 1935 Shirley Temple film The Little Colonel .
Mark Coles Smith ( born 22 February 1987 ) is an Indigenous Australian actor originally from Broome , Western Australia .
Jean - Marie De Ketele ( born 15 August 1943 ) is a Belgian academic and writer specialising in education .
Anna Hashimoto ( born June 1989 ) is a British clarinettist who was born in Japan .
Darwin Gross ( 1928 - -2008 ) was an American spiritual teacher who succeeded to the leadership of Eckankar in 1971 at the death of its founder Paul Twitchell .
Joseph - Marie - Blaise Coulomb ( Toulon , 5 July 1728 -- La Seyne , 2 July 1803 ) was a French naval engineer .
Qemal Butka ( 1907 -- November 28 , 1997 ) was an Albanian architect , painter , politician , and postage stamps engraver .
Jure Bilić ( 12 September 1922 -- 27 January 2006 ) was a Croatian and Yugoslav communist politician .
Michael McCloud ( born 1947 ) is the stage name of Michael Snyder , an American folk singer and songwriter who regularly performs at the Schooner Wharf Bar in Key West , Florida .
Shekhar Gupta ( born 26 August 1957 ) is an Indian journalist who is currently working with Business Standard and pens a weekly column `` National Interest '' which appears every Saturday .
István Bata ( 5 March 1910 -- 17 August 1982 ) was a Hungarian military officer and politician who served as Minister of Defence from 1953 to 1956 .
Paul Ethuin ( Bruay - sur - l'Escaut , 24 September 1924 -- Reims , 1 November 2011 ) was a French conductor who was particularly associated with building up the opera company in Rouen and who conducted an important Ring Cycle in France in the 1960s .
Rune Hagen ( born 20 July 1975 ) is a Norwegian former footballer who played as a left midfielder .
Leee John ( born Leslie McGregor John , 23 June 1957 ) is an English musician , singer and actor of St Lucian descent .
Sebastian Barry ( born 5 July 1955 ) is an Irish playwright , novelist and poet .
Celia Griffin ( 1841 -- March 1847 ) , Irish famine victim .
Mark Saltveit ( born c. 1962 ) is a Portland - based stand - up comedian , writer , and palindromist .
Maryse Abendanon ( born 15 November 1966 in Amsterdam ) is a former Dutch field hockey player , who earned a total number of seventeen international caps in 1987 for the Dutch women 's team , in which she scored four goals .
Jussi Kuoppala ( born 28 June 1974 in Ylistaro ) is a Finnish former footballer , who played as a defender .
Andrejs Koroļevs ( born 30 July 1969 ) is a Latvian motorcycle speedway rider .
Ethan Kath ( born 25 December 1982 ) is the songwriter and producer of Crystal Castles .
Raimundo Arrais do Rosário ( Chinese : 羅立文 ; born August 1956 ) , is a civil servant in Macau and the current Secretariat for Transport and Public Works since 2014 .
Howard Simon ( 1902 - -1979 ) was a notable American illustrator , painter , and printmaker who is known for his woodcuts .
MPP Yei Myint ( Burmese : ရဲမြင့် , pronounced : ( jɛ́ mjɪ̰ɴ ) ; also spelled Ye Myint ; born 1953 ) is a Burmese artist .
Sourabh Vij ( born 14 June 1987 ) is an Indian shot putter .
Jozef Kabaň ( 4 January 1973 in Vavrečka , Czechoslovakia , now Slovakia ) is a Slovak automobile designer .
Mao Chi - kuo ( traditional Chinese : 毛治國 ; simplified Chinese : 毛治国 ; pinyin : Máo Zhìguó ; born 4 October 1948 in Fenghua , Chekiang ) is a Taiwanese politician , who served as the Premier of the Republic of China ( ROC ) , the President of Executive Yuan from 2014 to 2016 .
Humphrey Barclay ( born 24 March 1941 , Dorking , Surrey , England ) is a comedy executive and producer .
Jonathan Myerson ( born 12 January 1960 ) is a British dramatist and novelist , writing principally for television and radio .
Steven Craig ( born 5 February 1981 ) is a Scottish professional footballer who is without a club .
Mahe Jabeen ( born 1961 ) is an Indian poet , lawyer and minority rights activist , and a winner of the Rajiv Gandhi Manav Seva award for her social service .
Saraswathi Gora ( 28 September 1912 -- 19 August 2006 ) was an Indian social activist .
Dave Fanning ( born 30 December 1955 ) is an Irish rock journalist , DJ , film critic and broadcaster .
Ritske Jelmera was a Frisian chieftain born in 1383 in Ternaard , Friesland who ruled the island of Ameland .
Boris Kornilov ( Russian : Бори́с Петро́вич Корни́лов ) ( 29 July 1907 , Pokrovskoye - 20 February 1938 ) was a Soviet , Russian poet .
Woon Wing Yip OBE ( born 1940 ) is a Chinese - born British entrepreneur , best known for having started the Wing Yip supermarket chain .
Robert F. Dees ( born 2 February 1950 in Amarillo , Texas ) is a retired major general in the United States Army .
Desnica Radivojević ( Serbian : Десница Радивојевић ; 14 December 1952 ) is a Bosnian politician who serves as Minister of Planning in the Government of the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Lindzi James Tyger Drew - Honey ( born 26 January 1996 ) , known professionally as Tyger Drew - Honey , is an English actor , musician and television presenter .
Steve Pyke MBE ( born 1957 ) is a British photographer living in New York City .
Francesco Di Jorio or Franco Di Iorio ( born 22 September 1973 ) is a Swiss footballer of Italian descent .
Suzana Herculano - Houzel ( born 1972 ) is a Brazilian neuroscientist .
Melanie Purkiss ( born , 11 March 1979 ) is a British track and field athlete .
Jan Dusík ( born 25 April 1975 ) is a Czech politician , former Minister of Environment , activist and since 18 July 2011 working in the regional office for Europe of the United Nations Environment Programme in Geneva ; he has been the Acting Director of the Office since 1 December 2011 .
Ken Costa ( born c. 1949 ) is a London - based South African banker and Christian philanthropist .
Şehzade Korkut ( 1467 - -1513 ) was an Ottoman prince who was a short time regent for the Ottoman throne .
Thomas Jay Oord ( born November 10 , 1965 ) is a theologian , philosopher , and scholar of multidisciplinary studies who teaches at Northwest Nazarene University in Nampa , Idaho .
Randolph Schwabe , ( 9 May 1885 -- 19 September 1948 ) , was a draughtsmen , painter and etcher who was the Slade Professor of Fine Art at University College London from 1930 until his death .
Ara Abrahamian ( Armenian : Արա Աբրահամյան ; born 27 July 1975 in Leninakan , Armenian SSR , Soviet Union ) is an Armenian - Swedish wrestler in Greco - Roman wrestling .
Wilhelm Sissener ( 30 April 1779 - 29 December 1846 ) was a Belgian - born military leader .
Mahmoud Saeed ( born 1939 ) is an Iraqi - born American award - winning novelist .
Monneba , also spelled Moneba and other ways , ( fl . c. 1630 ) was a local Duala leader on the Cameroon coast in the 1630s .
Ena Cremona ( born 1936 ) is a Maltese judge , she was a judge at the European Union General Court between 12 May 2004 and 22 March 2012 .
Mark Craib ( born 8 February 1970 ) is a Scottish footballer , who played in the Scottish Football League for Dundee and Montrose .
Frederick Jelinek ( 18 November 1932 -- 14 September 2010 ) was a Czech - American researcher in information theory , automatic speech recognition , and natural language processing .
Xu Da ( 1332 - -1385 ) , courtesy name Tiande , was a Chinese military general who lived in the late Yuan dynasty and early Ming dynasty .
Nanyue Huisi ( Chinese : 南嶽慧思 , 515 - 577 ) , was an eminent Chinese Buddhist monk , traditionally regarded as the third patriarch of the Tiantai school .
Yang Jianhou ( 1839 - -1917 ) , or Yang Chien - hou , was the younger son of the founder of Yang - style t'ai chi ch'uan , Yang Lu - ch'an , and a well known teacher of the soft style martial art of t'ai chi ch'uan ( taijiquan ) in late Qing dynasty China .
Antoine - Félix Boisselier ( 22 May 1790 -- 29 April 1857 ) , known as Boisselier le Jeune to distinguish him from his brother Félix Boisselier , was a French painter .
Ben Bruce Blakeney ( 30 July 1908 , Shawnee , Oklahoma -- March 4 , 1963 ) was an American lawyer who served with the rank of major during the Second World War in the Pacific theatre .
Terence Main is an American modernist sculptor who was born in 1954 .
Amitai Etzioni ( born Werner Falk , 4 January 1929 ) is an Israeli - American sociologist , best known for his work on socioeconomics and communitarianism .
Warren M. Washington ( born 1936 ) is an American atmospheric scientist , a former chair of the National Science Board , and currently senior scientist at the National Center for Atmospheric Research ( NCAR ) in Boulder , Colorado .
Abdul Wahid bin Haji Ahmad , also known as Wahid Satay , A. Wahid or S.M. Wahid ( 1930 ) , is a Singaporean - Malaysian veteran actor , singer , comedian & director .
Tony Dakota ( born 1981 ) is a former child actor of the late 1980s and early 1990s .
Denny Lawrence ( born 1951 in Sydney ) is an Australian actor , writer , producer and director of television , theatre and film .
Hadidjah ( Perfected Spelling : Hadijah ; 13 June 1923 -- 10 October 2013 ) was an Indonesian film actress best known for partnership with Moh Mochtar in seven films released by Java Industrial Film between 1939 and 1941 .
Joe Periton was born on 8 March 1901 in .
Ihar Boki ( Belarusian : Ігар Аляксандравіч Бокій ; born on 28 June 1994 ) is a visually impaired Belarusian Paralympic swimmer .
Ron Alexander ( born 10 December 1950 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) and West Australian Football League ( WAFL ) as well as being the inaugural coach of the West Coast Eagles .
Gareth Wright ( born 20 November 1981 ) is a Welsh professional golfer who made the cut at the 2013 Open Championship , one of only two Welshmen to make the cut ( the other being Jamie Donaldson ) .
Donald Luskin ( born April 1954 ) is Chief Investment Officer for Trend Macrolytics LLC , a consulting firm providing investment strategy and macroeconomics forecasting and research for institutional investors .
Ashenafi Kebede ( Amharic : አሸናፊ ከበደ ? ; 1938 -- May 8 , 1998 ) was an Ethiopian composer , conductor , ethnomusicologist , historical musicologist , music educator , novelist , and poet .
Hermenfredus ( born 633 ) was a medieval Galician clergyman .
Konda Bhaskar Arun Karthik ( born 15 February 1986 in Walajapet , Tamil Nadu ) is an Indian cricketer , who currently plays for Assam and was a member of the Royal Challengers Bangalore squad .
Tang Mengni ( Chinese : 汤梦妮 , born 8 April 1994 in Shanghai ) is a Chinese competitor in synchronized swimming .
Pedro Marín ( born 22 November 1961 ) is a Spanish pop singer , actor and TV performer .
Pablo Lastras García ( born 20 January 1976 in Madrid ) is a Spanish former racing cyclist who rode for Spanish UCI ProTour team Movistar Team .
Dan Noble , also known as Daniel Dyson , ( 1846- ? ) was an English gentleman burglar , confidence man , sneak thief and pickpocket active in the United States during the mid - to late 19th century .
Duane Ackerson ( born 1942 ) is an American writer of speculative poetry and fiction .
Iago Díaz Fernández ( born 10 February 1993 ) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for UD Almería mainly as a left winger .
Akimi Barada ( 茨田 陽生 , born 30 May 1991 ) is a Japanese football player .
Klaus Linde ( born 1960 in Munich ) is a German physician and alternative medicine researcher .
Johann Gotthelf Lindner ( 11 September 1729 -- 29 March 1776 ) was a German university teacher and writer at the time of the eighteenth century Enlightenment .
Huang Shih - Feng ( born 2 March 1992 ) is a Taiwanese track and field athlete who competes in the javelin throw .
Charles Weston , 3rd Earl of Portland ( 19 May 1639 -- 3 June 1665 ) was the only son and heir of the 2nd Earl of Portland and Lady Frances Stuart .
Robin Oakley , OBE ( born 20 August 1941 ) in Kidderminster , Worcestershire is a British journalist .
( Ronald ) Shane Love ( born 30 August 1961 ) is an Australian politician .
Issawi Frej ( Arabic : عيسوي فريج‎ ; Hebrew : עיסאווי פריג'‎ , born 14 December 1963 ) is an Israeli Arab politician who currently serves as a member of the Knesset for Meretz .
Jaime Guardia ( born 10 February 1933 ) is a Peruvian singer and charango player .
Henry Gibson `` Seaman '' Dan ( born 25 August 1929 ) , known as Seaman Dan , an Indigenous Australian , is a Torres Strait Islander singer - songwriter with a national and international reputation whose first recording was released in 2000 .
Otto Vasilievich Bremer ( died 11 November 1873 ) was a Russian naturalist and entomologist .
Allvar Gullstrand ( 5 June 1862 -- 28 July 1930 ) was a Swedish ophthalmologist and optician .
Niels Moeller Lund ( Born , Faaborg , Denmark , 1863 - Died , London , 1916 ) ( Danish : Niels Møller Lund ) was a Danish artist .
Áed mac Dlúthaig ( died 701 ) was a King of Fir Cúl in Brega of the Síl nDlúthaig sept of the Síl nÁedo Sláine of Brega .
Peter Parsons ( 1951 - -1993 ) was a ceramic artist .
Nicola Antonio Stigliola ( Also : Colantonio Stelliola ) ( 1546 Nola -- 1623 Naples ) was an Italian philosopher , printer , architect , and medical doctor .
Suhas Shirvalkar ( Devnagari:सुहास शिरवळकर- सुशि ) ( 15 November 1948 -- 11 July 2003 ) was a Marathi writer from Maharashtra , India .
Refo Çapari ( 1884 - -1944 ) was an Albanian politician and religious leader .
Francis Merewether ( c.1674 - 1718 ) , of Bulkington , Keevil , Wiltshire , was an English politician .
Herbert Tobias ( 14 December 1924 - 17 August 1982 ) was a German photographer who first became well - known for his fashion photography during the 1950s .
Helmut Kunz ( 26 September 1910 -- 1976 ) was an SS dentist who , after the suicide of Adolf Hitler , was ordered to administer anesthetic to the six children of Joseph Goebbels before they were killed .
Yuan An 袁安 ( styled Shaogong 邵公 , died 9 April 92 ) was a prominent scholar , administrator and statesman at the Han Dynasty courts of Emperor Zhang and Emperor He .
Edith Haldeman ( April 17 , 1905 -- October 1984 ) was an American child actress of the early silent film era .
Ricardo Guerra Tejada ( 10 February 1927 -- 30 May 2007 ) was a philosopher , journalist , diplomat , and civil servant .
William Henry Foote ( 1794 - 1869 ) was an American Presbyterian minister in Virginia and North Carolina .
Kathleen Kylie Tennant AO ( /ˈkaɪliː/ ; 12 March 1912 -- 28 February 1988 ) was an Australian novelist , playwright , short - story writer , critic , biographer and historian .
William Henry Baldwin ( 3 November 1827 -- 17 October 1894 ) was a shipbuilder from Quebec who came from a ship building families on both sides of his family .
Jens Oliver Lisberg ( 24 December 1896 -- 31 August 1920 ) ( Jens Olivur Lisberg in modern Faroese ) is one of the designers of the Merkið , the flag of the Faroe Islands .
Staf De Clercq ( 16 September 1884 -- 22 October 1942 ) was a Flemish nationalist collaborator , co - founder and leader of the Flemish nationalist Vlaamsch Nationaal Verbond ( Flemish National League , or VNV ) .
Brigitta Sahlgren , née Ekmarck ( 1694 - 12 May 1771 in Gothenburg ) , was a Swedish businessperson .
Thomas Godden , real name Tylden ( 1624 in Addington , Kent -- 1 December 1688 in London ) was an English courtier and Catholic priest implicated in the Titus Oates plot .
Grace Zia Chu ( 1899 - -1999 ) was an author of Chinese cookbooks and a landmark figure in American Chinese culinary world .
Gregory Aristarchis ( Greek : Γρηγόριος Αριστάρχης ; died 1915 ) , also known as Aristarchi Bey , was an Ottoman diplomat of Greek ethnicity , author of a corpus of Ottoman legislation .
Samuel Colgate ( 1822 - -1897 ) , son of William Colgate ( 1783 - -1857 ) , was an American manufacturer and philanthropist , born in New York City .
Philip Moeller ( 26 August 1880 -- 26 April 1958 ) was an American stage producer and director , playwright and screenwriter , born in New York where he helped found the short - lived Washington Square Players and then with Lawrence Langner and Helen Westley founded the Theatre Guild .
Fidel Luña ( died 2 January 1966 ) was a Mexican fencer .
St Vincent Whitshed Erskine ( 1846 - 1918 ) , Surveyor General of South Africa , was an early explorer in Gazaland and was the first European to travel down the length of the Limpopo river to its mouth .
Andrew Lang ( 31 March 1844 -- 20 July 1912 ) was a Scottish poet , novelist , literary critic , and contributor to the field of anthropology .
Gertrude Pitzinger ( 15 August 1904 -- 15 September 1997 ) was a German contralto appearing in concert , especially singing Lieder .
Saint Abundius the Sacristan ( also Abonde , or , variously , Acontius ) ( died c. 564 ) was a sacristan of the Church of Saint Peter in Rome .
Jean - Pierre Doumerc , born 7 October 1767 -- died 29 March 1847 , joined a French cavalry regiment at the beginning of the French Revolution and rose in rank to command a cuirassier regiment by the start of the First French Empire .
Everett Glass ( 23 July 1891 -- 22 March 1966 ) was an American character actor who appeared in more than eighty films and television shows from the 1940s through the 1960s , including Invasion of the Body Snatchers ( 1956 ) and episodes of Adventures of Superman , Lassie , and Perry Mason .
Peter Farb ( 1929 - -1980 ) was an American author , anthropologist , linguist , ecologist , biologist , and spokesman for conservation .
Rhondda Gillespie ( 4 August 1941 -- 30 December 2010 ) was an Australian - born classical pianist who resided primarily in the United Kingdom and Barbados .
Werner von Bolton ( 8 . April 1868 -- 28 . October 1912 ) was a German chemist and materials scientist .
Santosh Kumar Ghosh ( Bengali : সন্তোষকুমার ঘোষ ) ( 9 September 1920 -- 26 February 1985 ) was an eminent Bengali litterateur and a journalist of repute .
Robert Krasker , B.S.C. , A.S.C. ( 21 August 1913 -- 16 August 1981 ) was an Australian cinematographer who worked on more than fifty films in his career .
Daniel Farrant ( 1575 - -1651 ) was an English composer , viol player and instrument maker .
Forsyth Wickes ( 1876 - 1964 ) was an art collector and philanthropist .
Lance Arnold ( 6 May 1926 -- 31 January 1990 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played for Melbourne in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) in the 1940s and 1950s .
Mortimer Grimshaw ( 1824 or 1825 -- 22 December 1869 ) was an English political activist , strike leader and cotton weaver .
George Arnold Escher ( 10 May 1843 -- 14 June 1939 ) was a Dutch civil engineer and a foreign advisor to the Japanese government during the Meiji period .
Jacques Baudry de Lamarche ( baptized 13 September 1676 -- ca . 1738 ) was the son of a Canadian craftsman from Trois - Rivières who moved to France at some point in his youth .
Dalmatius of Pavia ( Italian : San Dalmazzo , Dalmazio ) ( died 254 or 304 AD ) is venerated as a saint by the Roman Catholic Church .
Salim Ahmed Ghoush ( 22 April 1951 -- 2 February 2010 ) , better known by his stage name Cochin Haneefa , was an Indian film actor , director , and screenwriter .
Theetta Rappai ( Malayalam : തീറ്റ റപ്പായി , 1942 - 9 December 2006 ) was an Indian competitive eater who used to eat enormous quantities of food .
Henry Taylor Parker ( 29 April 1867 - -30 March 1934 ) , `` known for many years largely by his initials H. T. P. '' , was an American theater and music critic .
Sir John Baker , 2nd Baronet ( c. 1608 -- 15 January 1653 ) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons of England in 1640 .
Sir George Amyand , 1st Baronet ( 26 September 1720 -- 16 August 1766 ) was a British Whig politician , physician and merchant .
Jabez Burns ( December 18 , 1805 - - January 31 , 1876 ) was an English nonconformist divine and Christian philosophical writer .
Aron Baron ( Russian : Аро́н Дави́дович Ба́рон ; 1 July 1891 - 12 August 1937 ) was an anarcho - syndicalist revolutionary and theorist , brother of the Red Cossacks Army Ataman Mikhail Baron .
Cao Ren ( 168 - -223 ) , courtesy name Zixiao , was a military general serving under the warlord Cao Cao in the late Eastern Han dynasty .
D. N. Madhok ( 22 October 1902 -- 9 July 1982 ) was a prominent lyricist of Bollywood in the 1940s to 1960s .
George Adam Scott ( December 11 , 1874 -- 1963 ) was a Canadian provincial politician .
Ansemund was the Gothic count of Nîmes , ruling from 752 until his death in 754 .
Amar Nath Kak ( 1889 - -1963 ) was a prominent Kashmiri lawyer and author whose most important books are Hamara Vrittanta and the Gayatri , both written in Hindi .
Philip Pugh ( 1679 -- 12 July 1760 ) was a Welsh minister .
Perley A. Thomas ( 1874 - 1958 ) was a Canadian - born American industrialist and entrepreneur .
Philip Bermingham ( c.1420 - 1490 ) was an Irish judge who held the office of Lord Chief Justice of Ireland .
Blas de Hinojos was a military commander of New Mexico who was killed by a force of Navajo warriors led by Narbona in 1835 .
Camillo Baldi ( 1550 -- 24 March 1637 ) , also known as Camillus Baldus and Camillo Baldo , was an Italian philosopher .
Joseph Brotherton ( 22 May 1783 -- 7 January 1857 ) was a reforming British politician , Nonconformist minister and pioneering vegetarian .
Anton Eggstein ( 3 March 1780 , Burgau - 13 March 1819 , Munich ) was a German brewer and politician , most notable as a member of the first - ever Landtag of Bavaria .
Knud Leem ( born 13 February 1697 -- died 27 February 1774 ) was a Norwegian priest and linguist , most known for his work with the Sami people and the Sami languages .
Florence Jessie MacWilliams ( 4 January 1917 -- 27 May 1990 ) was an English mathematician who contributed to the field of coding theory .
J. J. Hilder ( 23 July 1881 -- 10 April 1916 ) , also known as Jesse Jewhurst Hilder , was an Australian watercolourist .
Samuel Fryar ( 4 February 1863 -- 4 October 1938 ) was an Irish solicitor , councillor and politician from Northern Ireland .
Felix Tijerina ( 1905 - -1965 ) was a Mexican - American restaurateur , activist , and philanthropist in Houston , TX .
Adam Curle ( 4 July 1916 -- 28 September 2006 ) was a British academic and Quaker peace activist .
George Logie - Smith OBE ( 2 December 1914 -- 19 April 2007 ) was an Australian orchestra and choral conductor , music examiner , and music educator .
Ali - paša Rizvanbegović - Stočević ( 1783 -- 20 March 1851 ) Turkish :
Born Frederick Angus Benfield ( 5 April 1937 -- 25 October 2007 ) , Fred Kirkham was an Australian Olympic - level rower , songwriter and Judge .
Christine Lavant ( born Christine Thonhauser , mar . Christine Habernig ; 4 July 1915 -- 7 June 1973 ) was an Austrian poet and novelist .
William Jernagin ( 1870 - 1958 ) was an African - American Baptist pastor and Pan - African activist .
Oscar Ihlebæk ( 9 October 1900 -- 10 March 1945 ) was a Norwegian newspaper editor and resistance member .
Sir Robert Williams , 2nd Baronet ( ca . 1627 - -1678 ) , was a politician in Wales .
Albert von Keller ( 27 April 1844 -- 14 July 1920 ) was a German historical and genre painter .
John C. Marshall ( 1939 - -2007 ) was one of the United Kingdom 's foremost experimental psychologists , whose research on language disorders and dyslexia helped pioneer the development of the influential discipline of psycholinguistics and cognitive neuropsychology .
Peter Wherrett ( 9 June 1936 -- 23 March 2009 ) was an Australian motoring and motor sport journalist and race car driver .
William Stephenson ( junior ) ( 2 September 1797 in Gateshead - 20 May 1838 ) was a Geordie printer , publisher , auctioneer , poet and songwriter born in Gateshead , and son of William Stephenson ( senior ) .
Carlo Mastrototaro ( 1920 - 2009 ) was an Italian - American gangster who served as a capo with the Genovese crime family , which was affiliated with the Patriarca crime family .
Georg Ritter von Schönerer ( 17 July 1842 -- 14 August 1921 ) was an Austrian landowner and politician of the Austro - Hungarian Monarchy active in the late 19th and early 20th centuries .
Léon Mignon ( Liège , 9 April 1847 -- Schaerbeek , 30 September 1898 ) was a Belgian sculptor working in a realist idiom , known for his depiction of bulls .
Frederick Fleet ( 15 October 1887 -- 10 January 1965 ) was a British sailor , crewman and survivor of the sinking of the RMS Titanic after it struck an iceberg on 14 April 1912 .
John Stuart Hindmarsh ( 25 November 1907 -- 6 September 1938 ) , also known as Johnny Hindmarsh , was an English racecar driver and aviator .
Alias Ali ( c. 1939 -- 10 March 2014 ) was a Malaysian politician and former news editor of Bernama .
José Manuel Nava Sánchez ( ca . 1954 -- 16 November 2006 ) was a veteran journalist and editor for the Excélsior newspaper , and columnist for the national daily El Sol de México .
Viktor von Tschusi zu Schmidhoffen ( 28 December 1847 - -5 March 1924 ) was an Austrian ornithologist .
Paul Hoornaert ( 5 November 1888 -- 2 February 1944 ) was a Belgian far right political activist .
Archibald Dalzel ( 1740 -- 1811 ) was a British adventurer and Governor of the Gold Coast ( now Ghana ) .
Charles Davidson Dunbar , DCM , ( 17 July 1870 -- 25 January 1939 ) was an orphan who grew up to become the first pipe major in Britain and the Empire to be commissioned as a pipe officer .
David Jung - Kuang Chiu ; ( pinyin : Qiu Rong - Guang ) , ( 1936 - -2006 ) , was a Chinese - born American leader in education , serving as both Professor and Dean at Hofstra University from 1970 to 2001 when he retired .
Marceau Stricanne ( 1 January 1920 -- 25 July 2012 ) was a French footballer who played for Le Havre AC , EF Lens - Artois , CO Roubaix - Tourcoing and Stade Français Paris .
Ananda Chandra Dutta ( Assamese : আনন্দ চন্দ্ৰ দত্ত ) ( 8 February 1923 -- 16 January 2016 ) was an Indian botanist of Assam .
Abd - Allah ibn Numayr ( d. 199 AH/814 ) was an narrator of hadith .
Mary Steele ( November 1678 - 26 December 1718 ) ( née Mary Scurlock ) was the second wife of Sir Richard Steele , whom she married in 1707 .
Major Hoyt Sherman ( November 21 , 1827 -- 1904 ) , a member of the prominent Sherman family , was an American banker .
Jagdish Chandra Mahindra ( Hindi : जगदीश चंद्र महिंद्रा ) commonly referred as J. C. Mahindra ( c 1892 - 1951 ) was an Indian industrialist and co - founder of Mahindra & Mahindra in 1945 , with K. C. Mahindra and Malik Ghulam Mohammed
James Sidney Drewry ( 1883 -- 14 December 1952 ) was a British engineer , born at Clapton , London .
Irene Gattilusio , born Eugenia Gattilusio ( died 1 June 1440 ) was the wife of John VII Palaiologos , a Byzantine Emperor in 1390 .
Sophie Bledsoe Aberle ( 21 July 1896 -- October 1996 ) was a Native American anthropologist , physician and nutritionist .
Pieter Daniël Eugenius Macpherson ( Armentières ( France ) , 4 April 1792 - Maastricht , 19 January 1846 ) was a Dutch member of the civil service , politician and King 's Commissioner .
Al - Mansur Ahmad ( d. 1853 ) was a Zaydiyya imam who claimed the rulership over Yemen in the years 1849 - 1853 .
Gerrit van Dijk ( 5 December 1938 -- 4 December 2012 ) was a Dutch animator , film maker , actor and painter .
Otto Schulz - Kampfhenkel ( 27 August 1910 -- 21 August 1989 ) was a German geographer , explorer , writer and film producer .
Ingram Ball ( 1752 -- 18 March 1807 ) was British born and was an officer in the 33rd Regiment of Foot of the British army , reaching a rank of captain - lieutenant before resigning in 1780 .
George Noble ( 3 February 1891 -- 9 July 1949 ) was an Australian plumber , gasfitter , politician and member of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly for 1 term from 1947 to 1949 .
J. Allen Boone ( 17 February 1882 -- 17 June 1965 ) was an American author of several books about nonverbal communication with animals in the 1940s and ' 50s .
Frank Wappat ( 17 February 1930 -- 17 February 2014 ) was an English radio personality , disc jockey and singer from Hebburn , County Durham .
George Elers ( 14 May 1777 -- 1842 ) was a Captain in the Suffolk Regiment .
Bjørge Lillelien ( 29 March 1927 -- 26 October 1987 ) was a Norwegian sports journalist and commentator for the Norwegian Broadcasting Corporation .
Esmaeil Elmkhah ( Persian : اسماعیل علم‌خواه‎ , born December 30 , Rasht 1936 -- deceased 1989 ) was an Iranian weightlifter .
Dominic McGlinchey ( 1953/1954 -- 10 February 1994 ) was a member of the Irish National Liberation Army ( INLA ) , an Irish republican paramilitary group .
Bachtiar Effendi ( also spelled Bachtiar Effendy ; after 1903 -- 1 April 1976 ) was an Indonesian film actor and director who also served as a cultural critic .
Yosef Zvi HaLevy ( Hebrew : יוסף צבי הלוי‎ , born 1874 , died 13 March 1960 ) was an Israeli rabbi and head of the rabbinical court for Tel Aviv - Yafo .
Vegunta Mohan Prasad , ( 15 July 1942 -- 3 August 2011 ) was a Telugu poet , critic , translator and writer .
James Tunstall ( 1708?--1762 ) was an English cleric and classical scholar .
Syms Covington ( 1816 - -1861 ) was a fiddler and cabin boy on HMS Beagle who became an assistant to Charles Darwin and was appointed as his personal servant in 1833 , continuing in Darwin 's service after the voyage until 1839 .
Vivian Conley ( 1922 - 1993 ) was a civil rights activist active in Muncie , Indiana .
Cristoforo Buondelmonti ( 1386 - c. 1430 ) was an Italian monk and traveler , and a pioneer in promoting first - hand knowledge of Greece and its antiquities throughout the Western world .
Saint Columba of Spain , or Columba of Cordova ( Cordoba ) , was a nun who was born in Cordoba , Spain and died around 853 .
Jack Scales ( 2 September 1897 -- 13 March 1973 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Fitzroy in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Henry Arthington ( 1615 -- 19 June 1671 ) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1646 and 1660 .
Pere Caselles i Tarrats ( 1 November 1864 - 28 July 1935 ) was a Spanish Catalan Modernist architect .
General Sir Peregrine Maitland , GCB ( 6 July 1777 -- 30 May 1854 ) was a British soldier and colonial administrator .
Anthonie Blocklandt van Montfoort , Anthonie van Blocklandt or Anthonie van Montfoort ( 1533 or 1534 - 18 October 1583 ) was a Dutch painter
Dušan J. Popović ( 1894 - -1985 ) was a Serbian historian , a professor at the University of Belgrade .
Christian Anker - Larsen ( 27 August 1905 -- 1971 ) was a Norwegian athlete and newspaper editor .
Richard E. Ripple ( 1931 - -2010 ) was an American educational psychologist .
Everett Joel Hall ( 1879 - -1931 ) was a professor of assaying at Columbia University and founded the Metals Disintegrating Company to produce metal powders such as aluminium powder .
Thomas E. Leavey ( 1897 - 1980 ) was an American business executive , rancher , and philanthropist .
Vameq I Dadiani ( Georgian : ვამეყ I დადიანი ; died 1396 ) was a member of the House of Dadiani and eristavi ( `` duke '' ) of Odishi in western Georgia from 1384 until his death .
Professor Maheswar Neog ( 7 September 1915 -- 13 September 1995 ) was an Indian academic who specialised in the cultural history of the North East India especially Assam , besides being a Assamese - language scholar and poet .
Margaret , Countess of Anjou ( 1273 -- 31 December 1299 ) was Countess of Anjou and Maine in her own right and Countess of Valois , Alençon , Chartres and Perche by marriage .
Maria Branwell ( 15 April 1783 -- 15 September 1821 ) was the mother of British writers Emily Brontë , Anne Brontë and Charlotte Brontë , and of their brother , Branwell Brontë , who was a poet and painter .
Johann Eduard Simon ( 18 September 1789 -- 19 June 1856 ) was an apothecary in Berlin , Germany .
Tang Xiangming ( Chinese : 汤芗铭 ) ( 1885 -- 1975 ) was a Chinese naval officer .
Michael Joseph François Scheidweiler ( 1 August 1799 -- 24 September 1861 ) , was a German - born professor of botany and taxonomist , whose main area of interest was the Cactaceae .
Dorothy Shakespear ( 14 September 1886 -- 8 December 1973 in London ) , daughter of novelist Olivia Shakespear , was an English artist who married American poet Ezra Pound .
Henry Martyn Cundy ( 23 December 1913 -- 25 February 2005 ) was a mathematics teacher and professor in Britain and Malawi as well as a singer , musician and poet .
Tony Sansone ( 1905 - -1987 ) was an Italian - American bodybuilder and model .
John Hunter Blair ( died 31 December 1964 ) was a British television producer .
Antoine Jacson ( c. 1725 -- 6 December 1803 ) was a Canadian soldier and wood carver .
Countess Donata of Castell - Rüdenhausen ( German : Donata Gräfin zu Castell - Rüdenhausen ; 20 June 1950 , Rüdenhausen , Unterfranken , Germany - 5 September 2015 , Traunstein , Oberbayern , Germany ) was a member of German nobility .
Karel Hájek ( Lásenice nad Nežárkou , 22 January 1900 - Prague , 31 March 1978 ) was a Czech photographer .
Johan Damius ( 1570 -- 15 December 1648 ) , was a Dutch Golden Age member of the Haarlem schutterij .
Giovanni Antonio Bellinzoni da Pesaro ( 1415 - 1477 ) was an Italian painter of the Renaissance .
Shamadavle Dadiani ( also Shamandavle or Shamandavla ; Georgian : შამადავლე დადიანი ; died 1474 ) was a member of the House of Dadiani and eristavi ( `` duke '' ) of Odishi ( Mingrelia ) in western Georgia from 1470 until his death .
René Hardy ( 31 October 1911 - 12 April 1987 ) was a member of the French Resistance during World War II . Having rendered dedicated and valuable service as a member of the resistance group Combat , he was nevertheless suspected of being instrumental in the arrest of Jean Moulin and other resitants .
Friederike Brun , née Münther ( 3 June 1765 -- 25 March 1835 ) , was a Danish author and salonist .
Archibald Read Richardson FRS ( 21 August 1881 -- 4 November 1954 ) was a British mathematician known for his work in algebra .
Thomas Howard , 16th Earl of Suffolk , 9th Earl of Berkshire ( 18 August 1776 -- 4 December 1851 ) , Viscount Andover , Baron Howard of Charleton , Colonel of the Wiltshire Militia and FSA , was a British peer and politician .
Cathcart Anthony Muir West ( 1910 - -1988 ) , who wrote under the name of Anthony C. West , was an Irish writer of novels , short stories , poems , and essays .
Zuo Si ( Chinese characters : 左思 ; Hanyu Pinyin : Zuǒ Sī ) ( 250 - -305 ) , courtesy name Taichong ( 太沖 ) , was a writer and poet of the Western Jin .
Mohammad Hashem Zamani died due to a heart attack on 10 June 2005 , in Hayward , Ca at the age of 76 .
Prince Aditya Dibabha Abhakara ( Thai : อาทิตย์ทิพอาภา ; rtgs : Athitthip - apha , 24 July 1900 -- 19 May 1946 ) was a member of the Thai Royal Family and a Siamese political figure .
Sir Hugh Kerr Anderson , FRS ( 6 July 1865 -- 2 November 1928 ) was a British physiologist , and educator .
John Tillinghast ( 1604 - -1655 ) was an English clergyman and Fifth - monarchy man .
Felipe de Neve ( 1724 - -1784 ) was fourth governor of Alta California , from 1775 to 1782 .
Léonce - Albert Van Peteghem ( 7 October 1916 -- 7 January 2004 ) was a Belgian Roman Catholic Bishop .
Edward Leigh , 5th Baron Leigh ( 1742 - -1786 ) was descended from Thomas Leigh , Lord Mayor of London in 1558 , and inherited the Leigh family seat at Stoneleigh Abbey , Stoneleigh , Warwickshire following the death of father Thomas Leigh , 4th Baron Leigh in 1749 .
Robert George Dean ( died 1989 ) was an American author of detective fiction .
Harry Rasky , CM , O.Ont ( 9 May 1928 -- 9 April 2007 ) was a Canadian documentary film producer .
William Tooker ( or Tucker ) ( Exeter , 1557 or 1558 -- Salisbury , 19 March 1621 ) was an English churchman and theological writer .
Carlo Infascelli ( 31 August 1913 - 30 October 1984 ) was an Italian producer , director , screenwriter and journalist .
Les Minto ( 11 July 1886 -- 30 March 1955 ) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne and Essendon in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Sir Kalutaravedage Deepal Susantha de Fonseka , KBE ( 1900 - -1963 ) was a Sri Lankan statesmen and diplomat .
Henry George Simpson ( Born 1822 - Died 30 August 1898 ) was a Member of the Queensland Legislative Council .
Justine Cathrine Rosenkrantz ( 1659 - -1746 ) was a Dano--
Nicolò Venier ( ca . 1483 -- 1530 ) was a Lord of Paros .
Paikiasothy Saravanamuttu ( Tamil : பாக்கியசோதி சரவணமுத்து ; 26 October 1892 -- 28 May 1950 ; also known as P. Sara ) was a Ceylonese civil servant and sports administrator .
Henri Hiltl ( born Heinrich Hiltl ) ( 8 October 1910 - 25 November 1982 ) was an Austrian , naturalized French footballer .
Robert Adkins ( 1626 -- 28 March 1685 ) , often misspelled `` Atkins '' in the `` Nonconformists ' Memorial '' , was one of the most notable of the two thousand ejected ministers of 1662 .
Thomas FitzWilliam , 4th Viscount FitzWilliam ( c.1640 - -1704 ) was an Irish nobleman and statesman ; he was a leading Irish Jacobite , and a political figure of some importance during the Williamite War in Ireland .
Anneliese von Oettingen ( 22 January 1917 -- 9 December 2002 ) was a ballerina and influential ballet teacher and choreographer .
Tom Crosslin ( c. 1955 -- September 3 , 2001 ) was a marijuana activist who was shot and killed on his `` Rainbow Farm '' by an FBI agent .
Donal II O'Donovan ( Irish : Domhnall Ó Donnabháin ) , The O'Donovan of Clann Cathail , Lord of Clancahill ( died 1639 ) , was the son of Ellen O'Leary , daughter of O'Leary of Carrignacurra , and Donal of the Skins , The O'Donovan of Clann Cathail .
Watson Davis ( 1896 - -1967 ) was the founder of the American Documentation Institute ( ADI ) , the forerunner of the Association for Information Science and Technology , and a pioneer in the field of Library and Information Science .
Dhimitër Mborja Emanoili ( 1884 - -1945 ) was an Albanian politician , businessman and benefactor .
George Shadbolt ( 1817 - -1901 ) was a British writer , editor , student of optics and photographer with a strong interest in innovative techniques , who was active during the 1850s-1860s .
Christopher Alexander Hagerman ( 28 March 1792 -- 14 May 1847 ) was a Canadian militia officer , lawyer , administrator , politician , and judge .
Béatrice Hiéronyme de Lorraine ( 1 July 1662 - -9 February 1738 ) was a member of the House of Lorraine and was the Abbess of Remiremont .
Sir Sidney Ford , MBE ( 29 August 1909 - -13 August 1983 ) was a British trade union leader .
Henry Fitzsimon ( Fitz Simon ) ( 1566 or 1569 in Dublin , Ireland -- 29 November 1643 or 1645 , probably at Kilkenny ) was an Irish Jesuit controversialist .
Engelbert Ergo or Engel Ergo ( c. 1615 -- after 1652 ) was a Flemish Baroque painter of history paintings and landscapes .
Julius , Count of Lippe - Biesterfeld ( German : Julius Peter Hermann August Graf und Edler Herr zur Lippe - Biesterfeld ; 2 April 1812 -- 17 May 1884 ) was Count of Lippe - Biesterfeld from 1840 to 1884 and father of Ernest II , regent of the Principality of Lippe .
Olav Gullvåg ( 31 December 1885 - 25 September 1961 ) was a Norwegian playwright , novelist , poet and editor .
Józef Sawa - Caliński ( about 1736 -- May 1771 ) was a Polish noble and a prominent leader of the Confederation of Bar , a movement aimed against the Polish king and his close relations with Russia .
Faustino Oramas Osorio , better known as El Guayabero ( 4 June 1911 -- 27 March 2007 ) , was a Cuban singer , tres guitarist and composer , the last surviving member of the traditional Cuban trova .
Onni Palaste , born Onni Bovellan ( 27 December 1917 - 1 July 2009 ) was a Finnish Winter War veteran and writer .
Walraven I van Brederode ( Santpoort , ca.1370/73 -- Gorinchem , 1 December 1417 ) was Burgrave of Stavoren from 1400 to 1401 , lord of Brederode from 1402 to 1417 , and Stadtholder of Holland from 1416 to 1417 .
William Russell , 8th Duke of Bedford ( 1 July 1809 -- 27 May 1872 ) was a British Whig politician .
Leopold Suhodolčan ( 10 August 1928 -- 8 February 1980 ) was a Slovene writer , best known for his juvenile fiction .
Mikołaj Siwicki ( ukr Микола Сивiцький , Mykoła Sywićkyj ; 20 October 1917 -- 13 January 2004 ) was a Ukrainian literary critic and historian ( PhD in Ukrainian ( literature ) ) .
Juana María de los Dolores de León Smith , Lady Smith ( 27 March 1798 -- 12 October 1872 ) was the wife of General Sir Harry Smith , Governor of the Cape Colony .
André Dubonnet ( 28 June 1897 -- 20 January 1980 ) was a French flying ace , athlete , racecar driver , and inventor .
Lakdhas Wikkrama Sinha ( Sinhala : ලක්දාස් වික්‍රමසිංහ , 1941 - -1978 ) was a Sri Lankan poet who wrote in English and Sinhala .
Wang Zhaozuo ( 王昭祚 ) ( died 921 ) was the oldest son and heir apparent of Wang Rong , the only ruler of the Chinese Five Dynasties and Ten Kingdoms period state Zhao .
Joseph Mayer Rice ( 20 May 1857 - 24 June 1934 ) was a physician , editor of The Forum magazine , and early advocate of progressive education in the United States .
Annalena Tonelli ( 2 April 1943 -- 5 October 2003 ) was an Italian lawyer and social activist .
Henri Victor Roulland , or Rouland ( 11 September or October 1751 -- 6 February 1827 ) was a French Brigadier General of the French Revolution and the French Revolutionary Wars .
Ola Mosafinn ( 14 July 1828 - 28 December 1912 ) was a Norwegian hardingfele fiddler and composer .
Sir Francis Bernard , 1st Baronet ( bapt . 12 July 1712 -- 16 June 1779 ) was a British colonial administrator who served as governor of the provinces of New Jersey and Massachusetts Bay .
Joshua William Brooks , M.A. was born in 1790 and died 15 February 1882 : he was a priest in the Church of England .
Giusto Bellavitis ( 22 November 1803 -- 6 November 1880 ) was an Italian mathematician , senator , and municipal councilor .
Mohamed ben Issa or al - Hadi ben Issa ( also nicknamed Sheikh al - Kamil Arabic : الشيخ الكامل محمد بن عيسى‎ ; 1467 - -1526 ) was a Moroccan Wali and founder of the Triqa Issawiya .
Andrew Hatcher ( 1923 -- 1990 ) was an associate press secretary to President John F. Kennedy and a founder , in 1963 , of 100 Black Men of America .
Alexander Juhan ( 1765 - -1845 ) was a violinist , composer , and conductor .
Mikołaj Struś ( 1577 - 1627 ) ( Korczak coat of arms ) was a Colonel of the Polish Army , a starosta and commandant of the Polish - Lithuanian garrison in the occupied Moscow Kremlin .
Alexander Fraser of Touchfraser and Cowie ( died 11 August 1332 ) was a member of the Scottish nobility who served as the Lord Chamberlain of Scotland and also as the Sheriff of Stirling .
Kim McLagan ( née Maryse Elizabeth Patricia Kerrigan ; 30 December 1948 - 2 August 2006 ) was a British model during the 1960s .
Ivar Aavatsmark ( 2 October 1916 , Høylandet -- 29 August 2004 ) was a Norwegian corporate executive and forester from Høylandet .
Harijs Mellups ( 1927 - -1950 ) was a Latvian football and ice hockey player .
Eric Sidney Higgs ( 1908 - -1976 ) was the founder of the `` Cambridge Palaeoeconomy School '' , which focused on the economic aspects of archaeology .
Thomas Herbert Elliot Jackson ( 12 January 1903 Dorset - 22 May 1968 Kitale ) was an English entomologist best known for his studies of African butterflies .
Jeanne Coroller - Danio ( 25 May 1892 , Mordelles -- 13 July 1944 , Penguily ) was a Breton nationalist and writer .
The Very Rev. Thomas Newton Leeke , MA ( 17 January 1854 - 26 October 1933 ) was an Anglican priest .
No Muong was king of the southern Laotian Kingdom of Champasak in 1811 .
Paul Bayning , 1st Viscount Bayning of Sudbury in Suffolk ( 1588 -- 29 July 1629 ) , previously known as Sir Paul Bayning and as Baron Bayning , was an English landed gentleman , created a peer in 1628 .
Eliza Kellas ( October 4 , 1864-April 10 , 1943 ) was an American educator most known as former principal of Emma Willard School and co - founder of Russell Sage College .
Thomas Hanway Bigge ( baptised 1784 -- 1824 ) was an English banker in Newcastle upon Tyne .
Matthew Cradock ( also spelled Craddock and Craddocke ) ( died 27 May 1641 ) was a London merchant , politician , and the first governor of the Massachusetts Bay Company .
Leona Gabriel was a Martinican biguine singer , 1891 - -1971 , born in Rivière - Pilote , Martinique ) .
Frank Aiken ( 13 February 1898 -- 18 May 1983 ) was an Irish politician and a commander of the Irish Republican Army .
Anders Todal ( 18 March 1883 -- 6 March 1956 ) was a Norwegian teacher , politician and farmer .
Ellis Wynne ( 7 March 1671 -- 13 July 1734 ) was a Welsh clergyman and author of one of the most important and influential pieces of Welsh language literature .
Antonín Janoušek ( 22 August 1877 , Nymburk -- 30 March 1941 ) was a Czech journalist and communist .
John Saville born `` Orestes Stamatopoulos '' ( 2 April 1916 -- 13 June 2009 ) was a Greek - British Marxist historian , long associated with Hull University .
Lochlainn O'Raifeartaigh ( /ˈlɒxlɪn oʊˈræfərti/ ; 11 March 1933 -- 18 November 2000 ) was an Irish physicist of worldwide repute in the field of theoretical particle physics .
Jules Dubois ( 31 March 1910 , New York City - 15 August 1966 , Bogotá ) was a Latin America correspondent for the Chicago Tribune ( 1947 - -1966 ) and chairman of the Inter - American Press Association 's press freedom committee , which he helped to organize in 1951 .
John Brockenbrough ( 1775 - -1852 ) was a business man and civic leader in Richmond , Virginia .
Thomas Gordon Cullen ( 9 August 1914 - 11 August 1994 ) was an influential English architect and urban designer who was a key motivator in the Townscape movement .
Horrie Pearce ( 2 July 1886 -- 30 July 1936 ) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton and St Kilda in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Lt . Col . Sir John Smith - Burges , 1st Baronet ( ca . 1734 -- 24 April 1803 ) was Chairman of the East India Company in 1791 .
Chief Rabbi Salomon Berdugo ( 1854 - -1906 ) was a halakhic authority , poet and rabbi in Meknes , Morocco .
The Blessed Hieromartyr Clement Sheptytsky , M.S.U. ( Ukrainian : Климентій Шептицький ; 17 November , 1869 -- 1 May , 1951 ) , was an archimandrite of the Order of Studite monks of the Ukrainian Greek Catholic Church .
Vincenzo Crocitti ( 16 July 1949 -- 29 September 2010 ) was an Italian cinema and television actor .
Victor Schivert ( 1863 - 1926 ? ) was a renowned Romanian painter .
Rick McNair ( 1942 - -2007 ) , was a playwright , author , director , actor , storyteller , librettist , bibliophile , basketball player and coach .
Grimketel or Grimcytel ; known as Grimkell in Scandinavian texts ( died 1047 ) was an English Bishop of Selsey .
Yi Kang , the Prince Imperial Uihwa ( also Euihwa ) , ( born 30 March 1877 -- 15 August 1955 ) was the fifth son of Emperor Gwangmu of Korea and his concubine , Lady Chang , who was a court lady - in - waiting .
Eugenia Mantelli ( 1860- 3 March 1926 ) was an Italian opera singer who had a prolific career in Europe , the United States , and South America from the 1880s through the early part of the twentieth century .
Dolly Green ( 1906 - -1990 ) was an American heiress , philanthropist and thoroughbred owner .
Frances Basset , 2nd Baroness Basset ( 30 April 1781 -- 22 January 1855 ) was a British peeress .
Elizabeth Ann Duncan , also known as Ma Duncan ( about 1904 -- 8 August 1962 ) , was an American murderer .
George Hanlon ( July 1917 -- 28 January 2010 ) was an Australian race horse trainer .
Kay Petre ( born Kathleen Coad Defries ; 10 May 1903 -- 10 August 1994 ) was an early motor racing star .
Guido Cagnacci ( January 19 , 1601 -- 1663 ) was an Italian painter of the Baroque period , belonging to the Forlì painting school and to the Bolognese School .
Group Captain Leslie Bonnet , MA , LLB , Order of the Cloud and Banner with Special Rosette ( 22 August 1902 -- 10 December 1985 ) was an RAF officer , short - story writer and duck - breeder , creating the Welsh Harlequin Duck , the only true Welsh duck breed .
Thomas Rodborne DD ( also Rodeborne , Rodebourne , Rodbourne , Rudbourne , or Rodburn , died 1442 ) was an English medieval churchman and university Chancellor .
Ernő Lendvai ( February 6 , 1925 -- January 31 , 1993 ) was one of the first music theorists to write on the appearance of the golden section and Fibonacci series and how these are implemented in Bartók 's music .
Carl Geyer ( 1796 - -1841 ) was a German entomologist who wrote and illustrated various supplements to Jacob Hübner s works on Lepidoptera .
Prince Józef Karol Lubomirski ( 1638 - -1702 ) was a Polish noble .
Sir Edward Wingfield Verner , 5th Baronet ( 22 November 1865 -- 1 November 1936 ) , was a British soldier .
Arthur Spencer Roberts ( 8 January 1920 -- October 1997 ) was a British painter interested mainly in animal and wildlife subjects , but who also produced portraits and paintings of military scenes .
Dennis Roy Hodds also known as Roy Hodds ( 1933 - -1987 ) was an Impressionist painter predominantly during the 1960s and 1970s .
Martino Aliprandi ( fl . 1334 -- 1341 ) was an Italian lawyer and mayor of the 14th century .
Richard Coombes ( 18 March 1858 -- 15 April 1935 ) was a journalist and father of amateur athletics in Australia .
Moayed - ol Mamalek Fekri Ershad ( Persian : مؤیدالممالک فکری ارشاد‎ ) ( 1869 - 1916 ) was an Iranian journalist and playwright .
Sir Matthew White Ridley , 2nd Baronet ( 28 October 1745 -- 9 April 1813 ) was a Northumbrian politician and landowner .
Miles de Cogan ( fl . 1170 - -1182 ) was an Anglo - Norman knight from Glamorgan who played a significant role in the Norman conquest of Ireland under Richard de Clare , 2nd Earl of Pembroke ; a man better known to Irish history as Strongbow .
Angus Fairhurst ( 4 October 1966 -- 29 March 2008 ) was an English artist working in installation , photography and video .
Conchobar Ua Briain ( died 1142 ) was a mid - twelfth - century ruler of the kingdoms of Munster and Dublin .
Sir Bernard Grenville ( 1567 - 1636 ) , was an English politician .
Samuel Checote ( 1819 - 1884 ) was a full - blood Muskogee Creek Indian who was noted as a Methodist minister and as the first principal chief of the tribe after the Civil War .
Jules Blankfein ( d. 2 June 1989 ) was a physician and founder of Physicians Hospital in Jackson Heights , Queens ( NYC ) .
Miles Sindercombe ( died 13 February 1657 ) was the leader of a group that tried to assassinate Lord Protector Oliver Cromwell during the period of the Protectorate in 1657 .
Charles Bennion ( 1857 -- 1929 ) was a businessman , manufacturer and philanthropist who purchased Bradgate Park for the people of Leicestershire .
Vladimir Žerjavić ( 2 August 1912 -- 5 September 2001 ) was a Croatian economist and a United Nations expert .
Susan Parkinson ( 8 January 1925 - 15 October 2012 ) is best known as an English potter and for her work with the Arts Dyslexia Trust .
Eduardo Madero ( 1823 -- 1894 ) was an Argentine merchant , banker and developer .
Giovanni Antonio Campani called Campanus ( 27 February ? 1429 -- 15 July 1477 ) , a protégé of Cardinal Bessarion , was a Neapolitan - born humanist at the court of Pope Pius II , whose funeral oration he wrote , followed by a biography , flattering but filled with personal reminiscence , written ca 1470 - 77 .
Sir Charles Henry Major ( 30 October 1860 -- 31 August 1933 ) was a British judge , who served in various colonies around the Caribbean , as well as in Fiji .
Leo Pokrowsky ( died 25 December 1900 in Utrecht , Kwazulu Natal , South Africa ) was a Pole and Captain in the Russian Army , who fought and died on the side of the Boers during the Second Anglo - Boer War .
Ahmed Ishtiaq Mubarak ( 6 February 1948 -- 9 August 2013 ) was a Malaysian hurdler .
Mick Prendergast ( 24 November 1950 -- 29 April 2010 ) was an English professional footballer whose career lasted from 1969 to 1979 during which time he made a total of 232 appearances in all competitions , scoring 62 goals .
Pietro Blayer ( born 1901 -- died March 1978 in Rome , Italy ) was a notable Jewish Italian community leader .
John Fullarton ( c.1645 -- 1727 ) , of Greenhall , Argyll , was a Scottish clergyman and nonjurant Episcopal Bishop of Edinburgh between 1720 and 1727 .
Frigyes Puja ( 2 February 1921 -- 5 July 2008 ) was a Hungarian politician , who served as Minister of Foreign Affairs between 1973 and 1983 .
Hedley Bryant ( 23 November 1885 -- 16 July 1968 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Essendon in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Conchobar Ó Muirdaig ( died 1247 ) was Bishop of Kilmacduagh .
Samuel Lipscomb Seckham ( Oxford 25 October 1827 -- 4 February 1901 ) was an English Victorian architect , developer , magistrate and brewer .
Theodore A. Kiesselbach ( 1884 - -1964 ) fondly referred to as `` Mr. Corn '' was born in Shelby , Nebraska , lived in Lincoln , Nebraska .
Sally Olsen ( 10 April 1912 -- 12 April 2006 ) was a Norwegian - born American social worker and missionary .
Jagdish Chand Anand better known as J.C. Anand ( 1922 - -1977 ) was a film producer and distributor from Pakistan .
Eugene O'Curry ( Irish : Eoghan Ó Comhraí , 20 November 1794 -- 30 July 1862 ) was an Irish philologist and antiquary .
Reverend Henry Bower ( 1812 - -1885 ) was an Anglo - Indian missionary of the Society of the Propagation of the Gospel who was known for his scholarship over Tamil .
Billy Billett ( 21 May 1888 -- 28 January 1956 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Fitzroy and South Melbourne in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
B. Mitchel Reed ( June 10 , 1926 -- March 16 , 1983 ) was a successful American disc Jockey on both Top 40 and album - oriented rock radio stations , working in New York and Los Angeles during his 25-year career .
Rosamind Julius ( 30 November 1923 -- 19 May 2010 ) was an English entrepreneur and furniture manufacturer .
Thomas Gisborne Gordon , ( 15 December 1851 -- 8 July 1935 ) was a rugby football player who played for North of Ireland F.C. and represented Ireland .
A. R. Raja Raja Varma or A R. Rajaraja Varma ( Malayalam : എ.ആർ. രാജരാജവർമ്മ ) ( 1863 - -1918 ) was an Indian poet , grammatician and Professor of Oriental Languages at Maharaja 's College(present University College ) , Trivandrum .
Alfred Mulock Bentley ( 1878 - -1956 ) was a British - born financier who founded the Rhodesian Stock Exchange in Bulawayo in 1946 .
Sir Ralph Sydenham ( died 1671 ) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1641 to 1642 .
Hagop Sandaldjian ( 1931 - -1990 ) was an Egyptian - born Armenian American musician and microminiature sculptor , best known for his tiny art pieces displayed at the Museum of Jurassic Technology in Los Angeles , California .
Leslie Hore - Belisha , 1st Baron Hore - Belisha , PC ( /ˈhɔər bəˈliːʃə/ ; 7 September 1893 -- 16 February 1957 ) was a British Liberal , then National Liberal Member of Parliament ( MP ) and Cabinet Minister .
Frank Hopkins ( born uncertain -- died 1951 ) claimed he was an American professional horseman who at one time performed with the Ringling Brothers Circus .
Zvonimír Eichler ( 29 January 1903 -- 17 February 1975 ) was a Czech painter , graphic artist and illustrator .
John Gordon Dower ( 2 September 1900 -- 3 October 1947 ) was a civil servant and architect , who , as secretary of the Standing Committee on National Parks , produced in 1945 the first post - war official report which set out what National Parks in England and Wales should be like :
Joseph Abbeel ( Vrasene 1786 - Anzegem 1866 ) was a Belgian soldier who was conscripted to the French Army of Napoleon Bonaparte .
Roger of Wendover ( died 6 May 1236 ) , probably a native of Wendover in Buckinghamshire , was an English chronicler of the 13th century .
Gottfried Kolditz ( 14 December 1922 -- 15 June 1982 ) was a German movie actor and director .
Saint Ariadne of Phrygia ( died 130 AD ) is a 2nd - century Christian saint .
Edward Daniel Johnson ( 1816 -- 8 March 1889 ) was a respected London watch and marine chronometer maker .
Edward Howard , 9th Duke of Norfolk , Earl Marshal ( 5 June 1686 -- 20 September 1777 ) was a British peer .
Kristian Middelboe ( 24 March 1881 in Brunnby , Sweden -- 20 May 1965 ) was a Danish amateur football ( soccer ) player and leader .
Jonas Ferdinand Gabriel Lippmann ( 16 August 1845 -- 13 July 1921 ) was a Franco - Luxembourgish physicist and inventor , and Nobel laureate in physics for his method of reproducing colours photographically based on the phenomenon of interference .
Jaan Sarv ( Võro : Sarvõ Jaan ; 21 December 1877 in Leeguste village , Saru Parish ( now in Saru village , Mõniste Parish ) , Võru County -- 23 August 1954 in Tartu ) was an Estonian mathematician and educator .
Callcott Reilly ( 28 October 1828 -- 21 May 1900 ) was a British civil and construction engineer .
Major General William Alington , 3rd Baron Alington LL ( bef . 1641 -- 1 February 1685 ) was an Irish peer .
Edgar Wood ( 1860 - -1935 ) was an architect , artist and draftsman who practised from Manchester at the turn of the 20th century and gained a considerable reputation in the United Kingdom .
Armida Barelli ( 1 December 1882 - 15 August 1952 ) was an Italian Roman Catholic who served in the educational field during her life and was also a professed member of the Secular Franciscan Order .
Edward Quin ( died 1823 ) , journalist , born in Dublin , seems to have spent some years in France , where he taught pugilism .
Khana Qubadi or ( Xana Qubadî in Kurdish ) , ( 1700 - -1759 ) , was a Kurdish poet .
David Kinnear ( 22 February 1917 -- 4 February 2008 ) was a Scottish professional football player .
Edward Berwick ( died 1877 ) was an Irish lawyer and educationalist , and served as President of Queen 's College Galway from 1850 until 1877 .
Edward George Honey ( 1885 - -1922 ) was an Australian soldier and journalist who suggested the idea of a moment of silence on Armistice Day ( now known as Remembrance Day ) .
Leopoldo Benites ( 17 October 1905 -- 1 January 1996 ) was the 28th President of the United Nations General Assembly in 1973 .
George Outlaw ( 1731 -- 15 August 1825 ) was a U.S. Congressman from North Carolina in 1825 .
Ishmael Flory ( July 4 , 1907 -- February 4 , 2004 ) was a civil rights activist , trade union organizer , and Communist Party ( CPUSA ) leader in Illinois .
Crusino I Sommaripa ( died 1462 ) was lord of the islands of Paros and later Andros in the Duchy of the Archipelago .
James Joseph Mallon ( 24 December 1874 - -12 April 1961 ) , known as Jimmy Mallon , was a British economist and political activist .
Charles Annandale ( 1843 - -1915 ) was a Scottish editor , primarily of reference books .
Vitéz Ferenc Feketehalmy - Czeydner ( 22 November 1890 -- 5 November 1946 ) was a Hungarian military officer who had a significant role in the Novi Sad massacre during the Second World War .
Muhadhdhib al - Dīn Abūʼl - Hasan ʻAlī ibn Ahmad Ibn Hubal ( Arabic : مهذب الدين أبي الحس علي بن أحمد ابن هبل‎ ) known as Ibn Hubal ( Arabic : ابن هبل‎ ) ( c. 1122 - 1213 ) was an Arab physician and scientist born in Baghdad .
Tarkeshwari Sinha ( 26 December 1926 - -14 August 2007 ) was an Indian politician and Indian independence movement activist from Bihar .
Trần Tế Xương ( chu Han 陳濟昌 ) also known by the pen name Tú Xương ( Mặc Trai , Mộng Tích , Tử Thịnh 5 September 1870 - 29 January 1907 ) was a Vietnamese poet and satirist .
Captain William Stratton Prince ( died 1881 ) was a British Army officer , Chief Constable of Toronto ( 1859 - -1873 ) and the first warden of the Toronto Central Prison ( 1873 - 1881 ) .
Gustavus Brander ( 1720 - 21 January 1787 ) , English naturalist , who came of a Swedish family , was born in London in 1720 , and was brought up as a merchant , in which capacity he achieved success and became a director of the Bank of England .
Bolko I of Opole ( Polish : Bolko I Opolski ; before 21 October 1258 -- 14 May 1313 ) , was a Duke of Opole from 1282 ( until 1284 with his brother as co - ruler ) , Niemodlin and Strzelce Opolskie until his death .
Claudius Colas ( also known by the pseudonym Profesoro V. Esperema ) was a French Esperantist who lived from 1884 to 1914 .
Kalpana Datta ( Bengali : কল্পনা দত্ত ) ( 27 July 1913 -- 8 February 1995 ) ( later Kalpana Joshi ) was an Indian independence movement activist and a member of the armed independence movement led by Surya Sen , which carried out the Chittagong armoury raid in 1930 .
Morris Bear Squire ( November 5 , 1923 - March 2014 ) was an American psychologist and hospital administrator who was best known for his philanthropy .
Francis Claud Cockburn of Brook Lodge , Youghal , County Cork , Munster , Ireland ( /ˈkoʊbərn/ KOH - bərn ; 12 April 1904 -- 15 December 1981 ) was an Anglo - Scots journalist .
Salomon Smolianoff ( March 1899 -- 1976 ) was a Russian counterfeiter and Holocaust survivor involved in Operation Bernhard .
James Reid Scott ( 1 April 1839 -- 25 August 1877 ) was an explorer and colonial Tasmanian politician , member of the Tasmanian House of Assembly and later the Tasmanian Legislative Council , he was also Colonial Secretary of Tasmania .
Valentina Tolkunova ( Russian : Валенти́на Васи́льевна Толкуно́ва , 12 July 1946 -- 22 March 2010 ) was a Soviet and Russian singer and was bestowed the title of Honored Artist of RSFSR ( 1979 ) and People 's Artist of RSFSR ( 1987 ) .
Ellwood Patterson Cubberley ( June 6 , 1868 -- September 14 , 1941 ) was an American educator and a pioneer in the field of educational administration .
Edwin Graham Perkin ( 16 December 1929 -- 16 October 1975 ) was an Australian journalist and newspaper editor .
Josip Filipović , Freiherr ( Baron ) von Philippsberg , also Josef von Philippovich or Joseph Philippovich ( April 1818 - 6 August 1889 ) was a Croatian high - ranking general ( Feldzeugmeister ) in the Austrian army .
Inger Margrethe Gaarder ( nee Berthelsen ; 8 June 1926 -- 31 December 1993 ) was a Norwegian children 's writer .
Alberto Ormaetxea Ibarlucea ( 7 April 1939 -- 28 October 2005 ) was a Spanish football full back ( right and left ) and coach .
Florence Nightingale Levy ( born August 13 , 1870 , New York City ; died 1947 , New York City ) was an American arts administrator .
Francis Tumblety ( c.1833 -- 28 May 1903 ) was an Irish - born American mountebank and medical quack who earned a small fortune posing as an `` Indian Herb '' doctor throughout the United States and Canada .
Nikos Samaras ( 1 July 1970 -- 4 January 2013 ) was a Greek volleyball player , who competed for various Greek , Italian and Turkish clubs .
Giusto Utens or Justus Utens ( died 1609 ) was a Flemish painter who is remembered for the series of Medicean villas in lunette form that he painted for the third grand duke of Tuscany , Ferdinando I , in 1599 - -1602 .
Binanda Chandra Barua ( বিনন্দ চন্দ্ৰ বৰুৱা ) ( 1901 - 1994 ) was a noted Indian writer and poet of Assamese literature .
Henry Sopkin ( 20 October 1903 New York -- 1 March 1988 Palo Alto , California ) was an American conductor .
Olof Möller ( July 3 , 1923 , Riga -- June 8 , 1985 , Solna ) was a Swedish science fiction author .
William Comings White ( 1890 - -1965 ) was an electrical engineer .
Henry IX of Lubin ( Polish : Henryk IX lubiński ; 1369 -- between 9 January 1419 and 10 July 1420 ) , was a Duke of Brzeg ( Brieg ) during 1399 - -1400 with his brother and since 1400 , Duke of Lubin ( Lüben ) , Chojnów ( Haynau ) and Oława ( Ohlau ) .
Mitzi Mayfair ( June 6 , 1914/1915 -- May 1976 ) was an American dancer and stage and film actress .
Marie Corbett ( 30 April 1859 -- 28 March 1932 ) was an English suffragist , local government worker and supporter of the Liberal Party .
Niels Petersen Vogt ( 15 April 1817 -- 8 November 1894 ) was the Norwegian Minister of the Interior five times between 1871 and 1884 , and member of the Council of State Division in Stockholm four times 1872 - 1883 .
Stanley Cowie ( 1890 -- August 1927 ) was an English professional footballer .
Alfred Gillow ( 2 May 1835 -- 12 August 1897 ) was an English cricketer .
Randy Merriman ( 1918 - -2002 ) was an American television producer , game show host and radio broadcaster .
Len Worle ( 26 May 1889 -- 10 October 1948 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Essendon in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Bob Annesley ( 10 July 1919 -- 3 February 2003 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Essendon in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) during World War II . He spent most of his playing career with Swan Districts in the West Australian Football League ( WAFL ) .
Thomas Villiers , 1st Earl of Clarendon PC ( 1709 -- 11 December 1786 ) was a British politician and diplomat from the Villiers family .
Wing Commander Gwilym Hugh Lewis DFC ( 5 August 1897 -- 18 December 1996 ) was a British flying ace during World War I. He was credited with 12 confirmed aerial victories .
Karen Brahe ( born 1 December 1657 at Næsbyholm , died 27 September 1736 at Østrupgård , Haastrup parish ) , was a Danish aristocrat and book - collector .
Abraham Darby IV ( 30 March 1804 -- 28 November 1878 ) was an English ironmaster .
Zheng Tan ( 鄭覃 ) ( died 842 ) , formally the Duke of Yingyang ( 滎陽公 ) , was an official of the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty , serving as a chancellor during the reign of Emperor Wenzong .
Salem Ramaswami Mudaliar ( 6 September 1852 -- 2 March 1892 ) was an Indian lawyer , politician and Indian independence activist who campaigned for India 's independence .
Bernard - Anselme d'Abbadie de Saint - Castin ( 1689 - -1720 ) was a French military officer serving in Acadia .
Harry Cope ( 28 January 1881 -- 6 November 1947 ) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Sarah Caudwell was the pseudonym of Sarah Cockburn ( 27 May 1939 -- 28 January 2000 ) , a British barrister and writer of detective stories .
Carl Edouarde ( 31 October 1875 -- 8 December 1932 ) was an American composer of film music , known particularly for his association with Samuel Roxy Rothafel .
Magdalena of Neuenahr - Alpen ( c. 1550 -- 13 January 1626 ) was a German noblewoman She was the heiress of the House of Neuenahr - Alpen ; she inherited the County of Limburg .
Young King William , born Ngombe or Ngomb ' a Bila ( died 1882 ) , was , as William II of Bimbia , the chief and king of Bimbia on the coast of Cameroon and of the Isubu ethnic group who lived there .
Michael Shepley ( 29 September 1907 -- 28 September 1961 ) , was a British actor , appearing in films and some television between 1931 and 1961 .
Sima Yi ( 179 -- 7 September 251 ) , courtesy name Zhongda , was a general and politician of the state of Cao Wei in the Three Kingdoms period .
Gus McNaughton ( 29 July 1881 -- 18 November 1969 ) , also known as Augustus Le Clerq and Augustus Howard , was an English film actor .
Miles Crispin ( died 1107 ) , also known as Miles or Milo of Wallingford , was a wealthy Norman landowner , particularly associated with Wallingford Castle in Berkshire ( now Oxfordshire ) .
Jade Snow Wong ( Chinese : 黃玉雪 ; pinyin : Huáng Yùxuě ) ( January 21 , 1922 -- 16 March 2006 ) was a Chinese American ceramic artist and author of two memoirs .
Benjamin Ipavec ( 24 December 1829 -- 20 December 1908 ) was one of the foremost Slovene Romantic composers .
Sir Godfrey Way Mitchell ( 31 October 1891 -- 9 December 1982 ) was a construction engineer and entrepreneur who built up George Wimpey into a thriving business .
' Umar al - Tilmisani ( Arabic : عمر التلمسانى‎ , IPA : ( ˈʕomɑɾˤ et.telmeˈsæːni ) ; most often transliterated as Omar el Telmesany or Telmesani ) ( 4 November 1904 - 22 May 1986 ) was the third General Guide ( Murshid al-'Am ) of the Egyptian Muslim Brothers .
Pedro León Zapata ( 27 February 1929 -- 6 February 2015 ) was a prominent Venezuelan artist , humorist and cartoonist .
V. C. Palanisami Gounder ( died 15 April 1965 ) was an Indian merchant and politician of the Indian National Congress who served as Minister of Prohibition of the Madras State in the cabinet of C. Rajagopalachari and Minister for Animal Husbandry and Harijan Welfare in K. Kamaraj 's cabinet .
Karl August Ferdinand von Borcke ( 18 February 1776 -- 15 December 1830 ) was a Prussian general and the first recipient of the Iron Cross .
William Piercy , 1st Baron Piercy CBE ( 7 February 1886 -- 7 July 1966 ) , was a British economist , civil servant , businessman and financier .
Mezezius ( /mɨˈziːʒəs/ ; Greek : Μιζίζιος ; Armenian : Մժէժ , Mžēž or Mzhezh ) was an Armenian noble who served as a general of Byzantium , later usurping the Byzantine throne in Sicily from 668 to 669 .
Richard Kilvington ( c. 1302 - 1361 ) was an English scholastic philosopher at the University of Oxford .
Caleb Banks ( 18 September 1659 - 13 September 1696 ) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons between 1685 and 1696 .
Benjamin Gumbs II ( died 1768 ) was a British colonial governor and sugarcane plantation owner on Katouche Bay .
Emerson Hough ( 1857 - -1923 ) was an American author best known for writing western stories and historical novels .
Wu Kung - i or Wu Gongyi ( 1898 - -1970 ) was a well - known teacher of the soft style martial art t'ai chi ch'uan ( taijiquan ) in China , and , after 1949 , in the British colony of Hong Kong .
Alison Brading ( 26 February 1939 - 7 January 2011 ) was a British scientist who studied the physiology and pharmacology of smooth muscle , particularly in the urinary tract .
Mordecai Ehrenpreis ( later on : Marcus Ehrenpreis ; 25 June 1869 -- 26 February 1951 ) was a Hebrew author , publisher , Rabbi and Zionist .
Charles Ryle Fay ( 13 January 1884 -- 19 November 1961 ) was a British economic historian .
Henriette Jørgensen ( 1791 - -1847 ) was a Danish stage actress and translator .
Royal Dixon ( 25 March 1885 - - 4 June 1962 ) was an American author , animal rights activist and a member of the Americanization movement .
Suzanne Dalbert ( 12 May 1927 -- 31 December 1970 ) was a French actress who appeared in a number of American films and television series during the 1940s and 1950s .
Sir Glanmor Williams ( 5 May 1920 -- 24 February 2005 ) was one of Wales 's most eminent historians .
Bishop Patrick Collier DD ( 13 January 1880 -- 10 January 1964 ) was an Irish Roman Catholic priest , later appointed as Bishop of Ossory .
Severin Cornet ( c. 1530 -- March 1582 ) was a Franco - Flemish singer , conductor and composer .
Anne Carr , Countess of Bedford ( 9 December 1615 -- 10 May 1684 ) was a wealthy English noblewoman , and the wife of William Russell , 5th Earl of Bedford , a peer and soldier during the English Civil War , who after her death was created Duke of Bedford .
Nico Dostal ( full name : Nikolaus Josef Michael Dostal ) ( 27 November 1895 - -27 October 1981 ) was an Austrian operetta and film music composer .
Chris Braithwaite , also known as Chris Jones ( 1885 - 9 September 1944 ) , was a black Barbadian who was leader of the Colonial Seamen 's Association in the 1930s .
Sears Gallagher ( 1869 - 1955 ) was a prolific , commercially successful American artist proficient in multiple media : drawing , etching , watercolor and oil painting .
John Thompson , 1st Baron Haversham ( c. 1648 -- 1 November 1710 ) , known as Sir John Thompson , Bt , between 1673 and 1696 , was an English politician .
Colonel Atilla Altıkat was the Turkish military attaché to Ottawa , Canada , who was assassinated in 1982 .
Riho Lahi ( 27 October 1904 -- 23 April 1995 ) was an Estonian writer and journalist , probably best known by his fictional character Kihva Värdi .
Archimandrite Kyprianos ( 1735 -- 1803 est . ) is one of the major Greek Cypriot intellectuals and clerics of the 18th century .
Frederick Augustus , Count of Erbach - Fürstenau ( 5 May 1754 -- 12 March 1784 ) , was a member of the German House of Erbach who held the fiefs of Fürstenau , Michelstadt and Breuberg .
Johann Phillip Fabricius ( 22 January 1711 -- 23 January 1791 ) was a German Christian missionary and a Tamil scholar in later part of his life .
Burl Plunkett ( 1933 - -2008 ) is a former basketball coach .
Marth Euphrasia Eluvathingal also called Saint Euphrasia Eluvathingal baptized as Rosa Eluvathingal ( Malayalam : മാർത്ത് എവുപ്രാസ്യാമ്മ ) ( 17 October 1877 -- 29 August 1952 ) was an Indian Carmelite nun of the Syro - Malabar Church which is an Eastern Catholic Church and a part of the Saint Thomas Christian community in Kerala .
Leon Lichtenstein ( 16 May 1878 -- 21 August 1933 ) was a Polish - German mathematician , who made contributions to the areas of differential equations , conformal mapping , and potential theory .
Thomas Brudenell - Bruce , 1st Earl of Ailesbury KT ( 30 April 1729 - 19 April 1814 ) , styled The Honourable Thomas Brudenell until 1747 and known as The Lord Bruce of Tottenham between 1747 and 1776 , was a British courtier .
Mathias J. Hoven ( July 9 , 1850 -- October 1 , 1901 ) , was twice mayor of Madison , Wisconsin , from 1897 to 1898 and from 1899 to 1901 .
Assen Bossev ( Bulgarian : Асен Босев ) ( 22 November 1913 -- 24 April 1997 ) was a prominent Bulgarian author of children 's literature , as well as a translator from Russian .
Komal Swaminathan ( born on 27 January 1935 at Karaikudi , died 1995 ) was a congressional activist in his early years , a Tamil theater personality , film director , and a journalist .
Derek Bryce - Smith ( 1926 - -2011 ) was a chemist at the University of Reading .
Count József Somssich de Saárd ( 9 December 1864 -- 22 January 1941 ) was a Hungarian politician , who served as Minister of Foreign Affairs between 1919 and 1920 .
Hans Hollein ( 30 March 1934 -- 24 April 2014 ) was an Austrian architect and designer and key figure of postmodern architecture .
Elisedd ap Gwylog ( died c. 755 ) , also known as Elise , was king of Powys in eastern Wales .
One of Krys ' son , Sebastian , is a four - time American Grammy winner and eight - time Latin Grammy Awards producer and mixer ( as of 2011 ) Leonardo Krys died of a heart attack in Miami , on March 14 , 2009 .
Colin Eggleston ( 23 September 1941 -- 10 August 2002 ) was an Australian writer and director of TV and films .
Thomas Couture ( 21 December 1815 -- 30 March 1879 ) was an influential French history painter and teacher .
Melancthon Williams Jacobus , Sr . ( 19 September 1816 -- 28 October 1876 ) was an American Presbyterian minister and writer .
Lucien Martin ( 30 May 1908 -- 29 October 1950 ) was a Canadian violinist , conductor , and composer .
George Salmon ( 25 September 1819 -- 22 January 1904 ) was an Irish mathematician and Anglican theologian .
Ludovico Vicentino degli Arrighi ( 1475 - -1527 ) was a papal scribe and type designer in Renaissance Italy .
Charles Griffith Wynne ( 14 August 1815 -- 3 March 1874 ) , later known as Charles Wynne - Finch , was a Liberal Tory politician and a Member of Parliament for Caernarfon .
Adriaen van Diest ( 1655 - -1704 ) was a Dutch painter , who worked in England .
Harry Hake Sr . ( 1871 -- 1955 ) was a prominent American architect in Cincinnati , Ohio at the turn of the 20th century .
Laurence Braddon ( died 29 November 1724 ) , was an English politician and writer .
Vladimir Pravdich - Neminsky ( Russian : Владимир Владимирович Правдич-Неминский,Ukrainian : Володимир Володимирович Правдич-Немінський ; 2 July 1879 -- 17 May 1952 ) was Ukrainian and then Soviet physiologist who published the first EEG and the evoked potential of the mammalian brain .
Sir Robert Hutchison , 1st Baronet , FRCP ( 28 October 1871 - 12 February 1960 ) was a Scottish physician and paediatrician , who is well known as the original editor of the medical books , `` Clinical Methods '' and `` Food and the Principles of Dietetics '' .
After Fidler died in 1980 , her publishers and members of the Edinburgh Children 's Book Group established the Kathleen Fidler Award in memory of her work and support for children 's literature .
Astrid Holm ( 29 March 1893 -- 29 October 1961 ) was a Danish theater and film actress whose career began on the stage and in the early silent film era .
Francis James Newman Rogers , KC ( 1791 - -1851 ) , was an English barrister , judge and legal author , Deputy Judge Advocate General from 1842 until his death in 1851 .
Alfonsina Strada ( 16 March 1891 -- 13 September 1959 ) was an Italian cyclist , the only woman to have ridden one of cycling 's three major stage races .
Ivan Fyodorovich Michurin ( 1700 - -1763 ) was a Russian architect whose designs marked a transition of Russian architecture from early Muscovite Baroque to mature Rastrelliesque style .
William Brooke Smith ( died 1908 ) was an American painter and friend of Ezra Pound .
Henry Crowder ( 1890 - -1955 ) was an African - American jazz musician .
Frank Shipley Collins ( 1848 - 1920 ) was an American botanist and algologist specializing in the study of marine algae .
William Talbot Aveline ( 1822 - -1903 ) was a British geologist and archaeologist .
Rollin Lynde Hartt ( 1869 - -1946 ) was an early 20th - century journalist and congregational minister .
Cristofi Cerchez ( 4 July 1872 -- 1955 ) was a Romanian engineer and architect .
Hercules Collins ( died 1702 ) , was an English Baptist minister , author of a revision of the Heidelberg Catechism called the Orthodox Catechism .
Theudebert I ( French : Thibert or Théodebert ) ( c. 500 -- 547 or 548 ) was the Merovingian king of Austrasia from 533 to his death in 548 .
Henry Charles Fehr FRBS ( 4 November 1867 -- 13 May 1940 ) was a British monumental and architectural sculptor active in the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries .
Enoch Jenkins ( 6 November 1892 -- 4 January 1984 ) was a British sports shooter .
Lasses Birgitta ( died 1550 ) was an alleged Swedish witch .
Kusumkumari Das ( 1875 - -1948 ) was a Bengali poet , writer and social activist .
Ralph Sneyd ( died 1650 ) was an English landowner and politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1640 to 1642 .
Sol Polk ( 1916 - 1988 ) , was an American businessman and co - founder of appliance retailer Polk Brothers .
Marie d'Albret , Countess of Rethel , Countess of Nevers ( 25 March 1491 -- 27 October 1549 ) was the suo jure Countess of Rethel , a title which she inherited at the age of nine upon the death of her mother , Charlotte of Nevers , Sovereign Countess of Rethel , on 23 August 1500 .
Sextus ( possibly Gaius ) Julius Saturninus ( died 280 ) was a Roman usurper against Emperor Probus .
Joan Brickhill ( 6 March 1924 -- 15 January 2014 ) was a South African actress who worked in radio , theatre , film , and television .
Muhammadu Attahiru I ( died 1903 ) was the twelfth Sultan of the Sokoto Caliphate from October 1902 until March 15 , 1903 .
Vendela Skytte ( or Wendela Skytte ) ( 8 December 1608 -- 18 August 1629 ) was a Swedish noblewoman , salonist and writer , poet and Lady of Letters .
Abu Ali Fadhl ibn Hasan Tabarsi ( Persian / Arabic:ابو على فضل بن حسن طبرسى ) known as Shaykh Tabarsi , was a 12th - century Persian Shia scholar who died in 548 AH ( 1153 CE ) .
Maharaj Ghulam Hussain Kathak ( 1905 -- 2001 ) was a classical dancer and teacher for the art . He held the distinction of singularly sustaining the tradition of classical dance in Pakistan and producing students like Nahid Siddiqui , Fasih Ur Rehman , Nighat Chaudry , Amy Minwala and Panna among many others .
Brilliana , Lady Harley ( 1598 -- 29 October 1643 ) , née Brilliana Conway , was a celebrated English letter - writer .
Voldemārs Sudmalis ( 1922 - 1990 ) was a Latvian football defender , one of the most popular post - war footballers from Liepāja .
Kadri Pasha or Mehmet Kadri Pasha ( 1832 - -1884 ) was an Ottoman statesman .
Willem van Ravesteyn ( Rotterdam , 15 October 1876 -- Rotterdam , 10 June 1970 ) was a Dutch Communist politician and historian .
Frederick William III , Duke of Schleswig - Holstein - Sonderburg - Beck ( 4 November 1723 -- 6 May 1757 ) was a son of Frederick William II and his wife , Ursula Anna of Dohna .
Notker Physicus ( died 12 November 975 ) , sometimes called Notker II , was a physician , painter , and composer .
Egil Hjorth - Jenssen ( 18 April 1893 -- 8 November 1969 ) was a Norwegian actor and theatre director .
Louise - Anastasia Serment ( Grenoble , 1642 - Paris , 1692 ) was a French natural philosopher and poet .
George J. Gaskin ( 1863 - -1920 ) was an Irish Tenor based in the United States .
Hamilton Hume ( 19 June 1797 -- 19 April 1873 ) was an early explorer of the present - day Australian states of New South Wales and Victoria .
Girolamo Belli ( 1552 -- c. 1620 ) was an Italian composer and music teacher of the late Renaissance .
Henry Paget , 2nd Marquess of Anglesey Bt , PC , DL ( 6 July 1797 -- 7 February 1869 ) , styled Lord Paget 1812 and 1815 and Earl of Uxbridge from 1815 to 1854 , was a British peer and Whig politician .
William Capell , 3rd Earl of Essex , KG PC ( 11 January 1697 -- 8 January 1743 ) was an English courtier and diplomat .
Jerry Dreva ( 1945 - -1997 ) was an artist , writer , performer , activist and teacher from South Milwaukee , Wisconsin .
Francis Coudrill ( born 1913 in Warwick - died 1989 ) was an English artist and ventriloquist , most notable for being the creator of Hank the Cowboy .
Věra Chytilová ( 2 February 1929 -- 12 March 2014 ) was an avant - garde Czech film director and pioneer of Czech cinema .
Gilbert West ( 1703 - -1756 ) was a minor English poet , translator and Christian apologist in the early and middle eighteenth century .
William Frederick Lake Price ( 1810 - -1896 ) was an English watercolourist and an innovator in mid - nineteenth century photography .
Sir Henry Pollexfen ( 1632 -- 15 June 1691 ) was a British judge and politician .
Louisa Hawkins Canby ( December 25 , 1818 -- 1889 ) was nicknamed the `` Angel of Santa Fe '' in 1862 for her compassion toward sick , wounded , and freezing Confederate soldiers at Santa Fe , New Mexico .
Wayne Jarratt ( 19 April 1957 -- 14 May 1988 ) was an Australian stage and television actor in the 1980s , remembered for his role of friendly prison officer Steve Faulkner in the soap opera Prisoner .
Edward Carlyon Eliot ( 1879 - -1940 ) was a British diplomat and Colonial Service administrator .
Adolf Portmann ( 27 May 1897 -- 28 June 1982 ) was a zoologist .
Countess Margit Teleki de Szék ( 2 December 1860 -- 26 January 1922 ) was a Hungarian noblewoman , wife of Prime Minister Károly Khuen - Héderváry .
Thomas Howard , 8th Duke of Norfolk , Earl Marshal ( 11 December 1683 -- 23 December 1732 ) was the son of Lord Thomas Howard ( of Worksop ) and Mary Elizabeth Savile .
Horace Field Parshall ( 9 September 1865 - -12 December 1932 ) was an electrical engineer specialising in rotating electrical machines , railway traction , and electrical distribution .
Helen Douglas Irvine ( born Helen Florence Douglas - Irvine ; 29 February 1880 -- died 1947 ) was a Scottish novelist , historian and translator and was one of the Douglases of Grangemuir .
Henry Robinson Hartley ( 12 November 1777 Southampton -- 24 May 1850 Calais , France ) was an English eccentric and philanthropist .
Jovan Kantul ( Serbian Cyrillic : Јован Кантул , fl . 1592 -- d. 1614 ) , sometimes numbered Jovan II was the Patriarch of Peć , the spiritual leader of the Serbian Orthodox Church , from 1592 until his death in 1614 .
Warren Hudson ( 25 May 1962 -- 16 February 2012 ) was a player in the Canadian Football League .
William Thornton Watson , DSO , MC , DCM ( 10 November 1887 -- 9 September 1961 ) was a New Zealander who served as an officer in the Australian Imperial Force in both World Wars .
Lei Chen ( Chinese : 雷震 ; pinyin : Léi Zhèn ; 1897 - -1979 ) was an early leading figure in the movement to bring fuller democracy to the government of the Republic of China .
Sir Robert Stawell Ball FRS ( 1 July 1840 -- 25 November 1913 ) was an Irish astronomer who founded the screw theory .
Raimundas Čivilis ( 24 November 1959 -- 27 November 2000 ) was a former Lithuanian basketball player , known for his career in Žalgiris Kaunas from 1977 till 1988 .
Paek Son - haeng ( 1848 November -- 1933 ) was a Korean businesswoman known for her massive charitable donations .
Anton Heiller ( 15 September 1923 -- 25 March 1979 ) was an Austrian organist , harpsichordist , composer , and conductor .
Charles Loraine Smith or Charles Loraine ( 1 April 1751 -- 24 August 1835 ) was a sportsman , artist and politician .
Charles J. Burstone ( April 4 , 1928 - February 11 , 2015 ) was an American Orthodontist who was notable for his contributions to biomechanics and force - systems in the field of Orthodontics .
Sachal Sarmast ( 1739 -- 1829 ) ( Sindhi : سچلُ سرمستُ‎ , Urdu : سچل سرمست‎ ) was a Sufi poet from Sindh , Pakistan .
Richard Welton ( 1671/1672 - 22 July 1726 ) was an English Anglican non - juror .
Charlotte von Rothschild ( 13 June 1819 -- 13 March 1884 ) was a German - born British socialite .
Eluned Phillips ( 27 October 1914 -- 10 January 2009 ) was the only woman to win the bardic crown at the National Eisteddfod of Wales twice , a feat she accomplished in 1967 at Bala and 1983 at Llangefni .
Alfredo Bracchi ( 30 December 1897 -- 11 October 1976 ) was a versatile Italian author , whose production ranged from song lyrics to movie scripts .
Tina Lattanzi ( 5 December 1897 -- 25 October 1997 ) was an Italian actress and prominent voice artist , dubbing movie stars .
Rashid Maidin ( 10 October 1917 -- 1 September 2006 ) , sometimes given as Rashid Mahideen , was a senior leader of the Communist Party of Malaya ( CPM ) .
Hubert Aquin ( 24 October 1929 -- 15 March 1977 ) was a Quebec novelist , political activist , essayist , filmmaker and editor .
Anselm Casimir Wambold von Umstadt ( 1582 - -1647 ) was the Archbishop - Elector of Mainz from 1629 to 1647 .
Jonathan Mock Beck ( aka Jon Beck ; 11 November 1935 -- 11 March 2006 , Somerville , Massachusetts ) was an American mathematician , who worked on category theory and algebraic topology .
Subhan Quli Qutb Shah ( 1543 - 1550 ) ( Urdu : سبحان قلی قطب شاہ ) was 7 years old , when he became Sultan of Golconda , after the death of his father Jamsheed Quli Qutb Shah , in 1550 .
Antonio Maria Valsalva ( 17 January 1666 -- 2 February 1723 ) , was an Italian anatomist born in Imola .
Zhu Shijie ( Chinese : 朱世杰 ; pinyin : Zhū Shìjié ; Wade -- Giles : Chu Shih - chieh , 1249 - -1314 ) , courtesy name Hanqing ( 汉卿 ) , pseudonym Songting ( 松庭 ) , was one of the greatest Chinese mathematicians living during the Yuan Dynasty .
Joseph Hodgson ( 1788 - -1869 ) was a British physician and a well - known Quaker .
Archibald James Campbell ( 18 February 1853 -- 11 September 1929 ) was an Australian civil servant in the Victorian , later the Australian federal customs service , as well as an amateur ornithologist .
Mogens Pedersøn ( c. 1583 -- January or February 1623 ) was a Danish instrumentalist and composer .
Agnes Nanogak Goose ( 12 November 1925 -- 5 May 2001 ) was an Inuk artist from Holman ( Ulukhaktok ) , Northwest Territories , Canada .
Franz Joseph Damian Junghanns ( 29 November 1800 , in Stocksberg castle -- 3 December 1875 , in Baden - Baden ) was a Jurist and leader in the Baden Revolution of 1848 .
I Gusti Nyoman Lempad ( 1862?--1978 ) was known as a Balinese stone sculptor and architect ( Undagi in Balinese ) who built the palaces and temples in Ubud and its neighboring villages .
Ewart Morrison ( 7 October 1899 -- 12 May 1985 ) was an English cricketer .
Charles McCabe ( 1915 - -1983 ) was a columnist for the San Francisco Chronicle from the mid-1950s until his death May 1 , 1983 at the age of 68 .
Jodocus Badius ( French : Josse Bade ; Spanish : Jodoco del Badia ; 1462 - -1535 ) , also known as Josse Badius , Jodocus van Asche Badius , and Badius Ascensius , was a pioneer of the printing industry , a renowned grammarian , and a pedagogue .
Octavius Temple ( 1784 - -1834 ) , was Lieutenant Governor of Sierra Leone and Superintendent General of the Liberated Africans Department ( 1833 ) , British soldier and colonial official .
Muhammad of Ghazni ( Persian : محمد غزنوی‎‎ ) ( died 1041 ) was sultan of the Ghaznavid Empire briefly in 1030 , and then later from 1040 to 1041 .
Raj Chandra Bose ( 19 June 1901 -- 31 October 1987 ) was an Indian American mathematician and statistician best known for his work in design theory , finite geometry and the theory of error - correcting codes in which the class of BCH codes is partly named after him .
Abu al - Hakam al - Kirmani ( Arabic : أبو الحكم الكرماني‎ ; d. 1066 CE ) was a prominent philosopher and scholar from the Muslim al - Andalus .
Willy van Hemert ( 29 March 1912 -- 26 June 1993 ) was a Dutch actor and theatre and television director , but is best known as a songwriter who penned two winning Dutch songs for the Eurovision Song Contest .
Julius Gehl ( July 4 , 1869 , Bromberg , Province of Posen - March 1945 , Danzig ) was a German social democratic politician .
Ernst von Grünigen ( born March 23 , 1950 -- June , 1992 ) was a Swiss ski jumper who competed from 1971 to 1977 .
John William Friso , Prince of Orange - Nassau ( Dutch : Johan Willem Friso van Oranje - Nassau ; 14 August 1687 -- 14 July 1711 ) became the titular Prince of Orange in 1702 .
Konstantin Rodko ( 24 August 1908 -- 30 September 1995 ) was a Latvian painter who was based in the United States .
Thomas Simson ( 1696 - -1764 ) was a Scottish medical academic at the University of St Andrews .
Frederick Basil Chubb ( 8 December 1921 -- 8 May 2002 ) was an English and Irish political scientist , author and broadcaster .
George Louis Beer ( July 26 , 1872 -- March 15 , 1920 ) was a renowned American historian of the `` Imperial school '' .
Joseph Baumhauer ( died 22 March 1772 ) was a prominent Parisian ébéniste , one of several of German extraction .
Moses Tyson ( born 1897 , Westmorland ; died 1969 ) , historian and librarian , was keeper of western manuscripts at the John Rylands Library 1927 - 1935 and from 1935 to 1965 librarian of the Manchester University Library .
Alfred Short ( 1882 -- 24 August 1938 , London ) was a British trades unionist and Labour politician , Member of Parliament ( MP ) for Wednesbury from 1918 to 1931 , and for Doncaster from 1935 until 1938 .
Guido de Bres ( also known as Guido de Bray , Guy de Bray and Guido de Brès , 1522 -- 31 May 1567 ) was a Walloon pastor and theologian , a student of John Calvin and Theodore Beza in Geneva .
James Augustus Grant , CB , CSI , FRS , FRGS ( 11 April 1827 -- 11 February 1892 ) was a Scottish explorer of eastern equatorial Africa .
George Mikhailovich , Count Brasov ( Russian : Георгий Михайлович , граф Брасов ; 6 August ( O.S. 24 July ) 1910 -- 21 July 1931 ) was a Russian noble and a descendant of the House of Romanov through a morganatic line .
Major - General Sir John Braithwaite , 1st Baronet ( 3 February 1739 - 16 August 1803 ) was Commander - in - Chief of the Madras Army .
Victor Rosellini ( 1915 - -2003 ) was a Seattle restaurateur , and president of the National Restaurant Association and the Restaurant Association of the State of Washington .
George Brookshaw ( c. 1751 - 1823 ) , also known as G. Brown , was a notable English painter and illustrator from London .
Alain Mimoun ( 1 January 1921 -- 27 June 2013 ) was an Algerian - born French long - distance runner who competed in track events , cross - country running and the marathon .
Edward Holme ( 17 February 1770 -- 28 November 1847 ) was an English physician and supporter of learned societies .
Henry Yates Thompson ( 15 December 1838 -- 8 July 1928 ) was a British newspaper proprietor and collector of illuminated manuscripts .
Francesco Rizzoli ( 11 July 1809 - 24 May 1880 ) was an Italian politician , surgeon and physician , considered one of the fathers of modern orthopedics .
Brita Sofia Hesselius ( 1801 - 1866 ) was a Swedish daguerreotype photographer .
Justice Eugene Wilfred Jayewardene , KC ( Sinhala:ඉයුජින් විල්ෆ්‍රඩ් ජයවර්ධන ; 11 June 1874 -- 23 November 1932 ) was a Ceylonese ( Sri Lankan ) judge , lawyer and politician .
James Tyson ( 8 April 1819 -- 4 December 1898 ) was an Australian pastoralist .
Henry Wardle ( 1832 -- 16 February 1892 ) was a British brewer and Liberal politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1885 to 1892 .
Kevin Grose ( 18 June 1954 -- 27 November 2012 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Collingwood in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
William George Howard , 8th Earl of Carlisle ( 23 February 1808 -- 29 March 1889 ) was an English clergyman and peer .
Maurice Frigara ( 2 July 1874 -- 27 January 1955 ) was a French conductor of Corsican descent , mainly active in the opera house .
Anne Szumigalski , SOM ( 3 January 1922 -- 22 April 1999 ) was a Canadian poet .
Samuel Malthouse ( 13 October 1857 -- 7 February 1931 ) was an English cricketer who played for Derbyshire between 1890 and 1895 .
Oswald Taylor Brown OBE , FRCP(Glasg ) , FRCP(Ed ) ( 11 October 1916 -- 26 March 2006 ) was a Scottish consultant physician in geriatric medicine based in Dundee from 1951 until 1979 .
Breasal Madden ( died 1745 ) , Chief of the Name , from 1727 to 1745 .
Konrad the Curly ( Polish : Konrad Kędzierzawy ; b. ca . 1198 -- d. Czerwony Kosciol , 4 September 1213 ) , was a Polish prince member of the Piast dynasty in his Silesian branch .
Sir William Wyndham , 1st Baronet ( ca . 1632 -- 29 October 1683 ) of Orchard Wyndham , Somerset , was Member of Parliament for Somerset in 1656 and twice for Taunton in 1659 and 1660 .
Nicolaus or Mikołaj Szyszkowski ( 1590 - -1643 ) of Ostoja coat of arms was a Prince - bishop of Warmia from 1633 til his death in 1643 .
Jean - Jules Allasseur ( 13 June 1818 -- 1903 ) was a French sculptor , a pupil of Pierre - Jean David called David d'Angers at the École des Beaux - Arts , Paris , who produced portrait sculptures , memorial allegories and decorative architectural sculpture for official commissions under the Second Empire .
Victor Mishcon , Baron Mishcon , QC , DL ( 14 August 1915 -- 27 January 2006 ) was a leading British solicitor and a Labour politician .
Albert C. Sutphin , also known as Al Sutphin and `` the man in the red necktie '' , ( 1895 - -1974 ) was a sports promoter and businessman in Cleveland , Ohio .
José Barona remained at San Juan Capistrano , where he ministered to the natives until his death on August 4 , 1831 .
José Pedro Braga , OBE ( Chinese : 布力架 ; 1871 - -1944 Macau ) was the manager of the Hong Kong Telegraph between 1902 and 1910 .
Bryan Charnley ( 1949 - -1991 ) was a British artist most famous for a series of self portraits he painted examining his schizophrenia and the effect of the different medications he used to control the condition .
Pascal Antoine Fiorella or Pasquale Antonio , comte Fiorella ( 7 February 1752 -- 3 March 1818 ) became a French general officer in the French Revolutionary Wars and led a brigade during Napoleon Bonaparte 's famous campaign in Italy in 1796 .
Edward Deering Mansfield ( August 17 , 1801 --October 27 , 1880 ) , was an American author .
May Theilgaard Watts ( 1893 -- 20 August 1975 ) was an American writer , illustrator , and teacher .
Helmut Volz ( German : ( fɔlts ) ; 1 August 1911 in Göppingen -- 23 October 1978 ) was a German experimental nuclear physicist who worked on the German nuclear energy project during World War II . In the latter years of World War II , he became a professor at Erlangen University .
Empress Kong ( 孔皇后 , personal name unknown ) ( d. 934 ) , formally Empress Ai ( 哀皇后 , `` the lamentable empress '' ) , was an empress of the Chinese Five Dynasties and Ten Kingdoms Period state Later Tang .
John Kernan Mullen Irish - American businessman and philanthropist , 11 June 1847 - 9 August 1929 .
Richard Towgood ( c.1595 - -1683 ) was an English royalist churchman , Dean of Bristol from 1667 .
Amy Watkins ( 1973 - -1999 ) was a social worker from Topeka , Kansas , who was murdered while walking down the street on March 8 , 1999 , in Brooklyn , New York .
Edward Crankshaw ( 3 January 1909 -- 30 November 1984 ) , was a British writer , translator and commentator on Soviet affairs .
Jean Adebambo ( 1 July 1962 -- 15 January 2009 ) was a British black caribbean singer , best known for songs in the lovers rock genre .
Rosetta Howard ( 1914 -- 1974 ) was an American blues singer , who recorded in the 1930s and 1940s .
Kenneth Royce Gandley ( 1920 - -1997 ) was an English thriller writer who also wrote under name Ken Royce , and the pseudonym Oliver Jacks .
Ma Yuehan ( Chinese : 马约翰 , 1883 - -1966 ) was a pioneer in physical education and modern Chinese sports .
Hans Rudolph ( November 17 , 1903 -- February 1994 ) , was a pioneer in the development of respiratory equipment and supplies .
Adam Gerard Mappa ( Tournai , 25 November 1754 -- Barneveld , New York , 15 April 1828 ) was a Dutch Patriot and active colonel in a local militia ( in Dutch exercitiegenootschap ) .
Tom Dundee ( 1946 - -2006 ) was a singer / songwriter born in Chicago , Illinois , United States .
Hector McLean ( 1864 -- January 1888 ) was an Australian born rower who rowed in the Boat Race and won Silver Goblets at Henley Royal Regatta .
Laurie Murphy ( 10 September 1899 -- 20 July 1980 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Collingwood and North Melbourne in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Echu Tirmcharna mac Fergusso ( died ca . 556 ) was a king of Connacht from the Uí Briúin branch of the Connachta .
John Edward Carew ( c. 1785 -- 1 December 1868 ) was a notable Irish sculptor during the 19th century .
Antonio Maria Cagiano de Azevedo ( 14 December 1797 -- 13 January 1867 ) was a Catholic Cardinal and held a number of significant legal positions within the Catholic Church during the 19th century .
Štěpán Kodeda ( 5 February 1988 -- 30 March 2015 ) was a Czech orienteering competitor , and twice junior world champion .
William Blaisdell ( 1865 - 1931 ) was an American actor of both stage and screen .
Wim Mager ( Rotterdam , 26 September 1940 - Silvolde , 23 March 2008 ) was a Dutch photographer who is mainly known for founding the Apenheul Primate Park near Apeldoorn of which he was the director until 1997 .
George Shelvocke ( baptised 1 April 1675 -- 30 November 1742 ) was an English Royal Navy officer and later privateer who in 1723 wrote A Voyage Round the World by Way of the Great South Sea based on his exploits .
Sir George Wharton , 1st Baronet ( 4 April 1617 -- 12 August 1681 ) was an English Royalist soldier and astrologer , also known as a poet .
William An tAb Caoch Bourke , 20th Mac William Iochtar , died 1593 .
Albert Fennell ( 29 March 1920 in Chiswick -- 17 April 1988 ) was a British film and television producer .
John Blackall M.D. , FRCP ( 24 December 1771 -- 10 January 1860 ) was an English physician .
Piaras Feiritéar ( Irish pronunciation : ( ˈpʲiəɾˠəsˠ fʲɛɾʲiˈtʲeːɾˠ ) ; 1600 ? -- 1653 ) was an Irish poet .
Paul Alfred Rapp ( 9 February 1933 -- 25 July 2011 ) was a German Economist and a regional politician .
Peder Henrik Kristian Zahrtmann , known as Kristian Zahrtmann , ( 31 March 1843 - 22 June 1917 ) was a Danish painter .
Stephen Robert Dunlop ( 25 November 1960 -- 15 May 2008 ) was a Northern Irish motorcycle racer , the younger brother of fellow road racer , the late Joey Dunlop , and like Joey he died after a crash while racing .
Adolf Fischhof ( Hungarian : Fischhof Adolf ) ( 8 December 1816 -- 23 March 1893 ) was a Hungarian - Austrian writer and politician of Jewish descent .
Isaac Mustafin ( Russian : Исаак Савельевич Мустафин ) ( 1908 - -1968 ) was a Russian chemist and a doctor of chemical sciences .
Pierre Simon ( 1 December 1808 -- 12 December 1881 ) , later known as Paul Simon , was a French archetier or bowmaker .
Võ Duy Dương ( 武維楊 ; 1827 - -1866 ) , also Thiên Hộ Dương ( 千戶楊 ) was a Vietnamese warlord who after the submission of the Vietnamese government to the French in 1862 continued to fight against the French ( 1862 - 1866 ) in the wetlands of Đồng Tháp Mười , where he died of disease .
Jerzy Górski ( October 27 , 1929 -- May 1997 ) is a Polish sprint canoer who competed in the late 1950s .
Sir Raleigh Grey KBE CMG CVO ( 24 March 1860 -- 10 January 1936 ) was a pioneer British coloniser of Southern Rhodesia who played an important part in the early government of the colony .
Saint Agnes of Assisi , O.S.C. , ( 1197/1198 -- 16 November 1253 ) was the younger sister of Saint Clare of Assisi and one of the first abbesses of the Order of Poor Ladies .
General William Belford ( 1709 - -1780 ) was an English artillery officer .
Arthur Sowden ( 6 April 1878 -- 24 December 1954 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Ren Xun ( Chinese : 任薰 ; Wade -- Giles : Jen Hsün ; ca . 1835 - -1893 ) was a Chinese painter during the Qing Dynasty .
Zacharias Chrysopolitanus ( d. c. 1155 ) , also known as Zachary of Besançon , was a biblical scholar of the Premonstratensian Order from Besançon ( Chrysopolis ) .
Nalan Xingde ( simplified Chinese : 纳兰性德 ; traditional Chinese : 納蘭性德 ; Wade -- Giles : Na - lan Hsing - te ; 1655 - -1685 ) , courtesy name Rongruo ( 容若 ) , was a Qing dynasty Chinese poet , famous for his ci poetry .
Des Meagher ( 7 March 1944 -- 9 March 2011 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Hawthorn in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Rev. Michael Buckworth Bailey M.A. ( 10 April 1827 - 6 December 1899 ) A minister of the Church of England .
Sir William Edge , 1st Baronet ( 21 November 1880 -- 18 December 1948 ) was a British Liberal , later National Liberal politician and businessman .
Karma Phuntsok Namgyal ( Tibetan : ཀར་མ་ཕུན་ཚོགས་རྣམ་རྒྱལ་ , Wylie : Kar - ma Phun - tshogs Rnam - rgyal ) ( 1587 -- March 1620 ) was a king of Tibet who ruled from 1618 to 1620 .
William Newmarch ( 28 January 1820 -- 23 March 1882 ) was an English banker , economist and statistician .
K. Devasahayam ( Telugu : దేవసహాయము అయ్యగారు ; 5 June 1916 -- 30 January 1992 ) was President of the Andhra Evangelical Lutheran Church from 1965 to 1969 .
Gunvor Galtung Haavik ( 7 October 1912 -- 5 August 1977 ) was a Norwegian employee of the Norwegian Ministry of Foreign Affairs who was arrested on 27 January 1977 after being betrayed by Oleg Gordievsky and charged with espionage on behalf of the Soviet Union and treason .
Beatrix of Brandenburg ( died : 22 September 1314 in Wismar ) was the first wife of Lord Henry II `` the Lion '' of Mecklenburg ( 1266 - 1329 ) , whom she married in 1292 at Stargard Castle .
Isaac Thomas ( 4 November 1784 - 2 February 1859 ) , was an American politician representing Tennessee in the United States House of Representatives .
Leonardo Navigajoso ( died 1260 ) was a Venetian nobleman and second Latin ruler of the island of Lemnos in Greece .
Richard Edgcumbe , 2nd Baron Edgcumbe PC ( 2 August 1716 -- 10 May 1761 ) was a British nobleman and politician .
Fikret Arıcan ( 17 July 1912 -- 1994 ) was the Chairman of the Türkiye Süper Ligi team Fenerbahçe between 1984 - -86 .
Maurice Ronald MacNab , born in Hythe , Kent on 6 May 1902 -- 12 April 1962 , was an English cricketer .
Flor Peeters ( Baron Peeters ) ( born 4 July 1903 in Tielen , died 4 July 1986 in Mechelen ) was an important Belgian composer , organist and teacher .
Lucy Wills , MA ( Cantab ) , LRCP , MB BS ( Lond ) ( 10 May 1888 -- 26 April 1964 ) was a leading English haematologist .
Paul Matteoli ( 7 November 1929 -- 12 December 1988 ) was a French cyclist who was active on the road and track between 1949 and 1956 .
Jack Merriott RI , ROI , RSMA , RWS ( 15 November 1901 -- 1968 ) was an English author , artist , and poster designer famous for his artworks produced for British Railways and the General Post Office .
Pedro Ponce de León the Elder ( died 1352 ) was a Castilian nobleman , grandson of King Alfonso IX of León .
Nicolas - Sébastien Adam ( 22 March 1705 -- 27 March 1778 ) , also called `` Adam the Younger '' , was a French sculptor working in the Neoclassical style .
Karl - Heinz Reincke ( 28 May 1925 -- 13 July 2011 ) was a German - born actor , long - based in Vienna .
Joseph Bradish ( 28 November 1672 -- 12 July 1700 ) was a pirate in the company of Captain Kidd .
John Washington ( 1633 - -1677 ) was an English Virginia planter and politician .
Adolf Heyduk ( 6 June 1835 -- 6 February 1923 ) was a distinguished Czech poet and writer .
Lars Brandstrup ( 13 April 1913 -- 25 January 1997 ) was a Norwegian gallerist .
B. Muriel Bristol - Roach ( 21 April 1888 -- 15 March 1950 ) , Ph.D. , was a scientist working in the field of alga biology who worked at the Rothamsted Experimental Station in 1919 .
Richard Wright Procter ( 1816 - -1881 ) was an English barber , poet and author .
Ralph Townsend ( 27 November 1900 -- 25 January 1976 ) was an American author , consul and political activist noted for his opposition to the entry of the United States into World War II . Townsend was born in North Carolina and educated in New York .
Nichiō ( 日奥 , 1565 -- 1630 ) was a Nichiren Buddhist who founded the Fuju - fuse subsect .
Dame Flora MacLeod of MacLeod , DBE ( 3 February 1878 -- 4 November 1976 ) was the 28th chief of Clan MacLeod .
Willy Stöwer ( 22 May 1864 -- 31 May 1931 ) was a German artist , illustrator and author during the Imperial Period .
Jane Bruce ( 1847 or 1848 -- 30 November 1907 ) was a Canadian teacher .
Jane West ( born Iliffe ) ( 1758 - -1852 ) , who published as Prudentia Homespun and Mrs. West , was an English novelist , poet , playwright , and writer of conduct literature and educational tracts .
Mysore Srinivas ( 1943 -- 16 October 1995 ) , known by his stage name Thoogudeepa Srinivas , was an Indian film actor who acted in Kannada films .
SS - Scharführer Herbert Floss or Herbert Floß ( 25 August 1912 -- 22 October 1943 ) served as acting commander of the Sobibor extermination camp during the Holocaust in Poland .
Dantidurga ( 735 - -756 CE ) , also known as Dantivarman or Dantidurga II was the founder of the Rashtrakuta Empire of Manyakheta .
George Ross , 11th Lord Ross of Halkhead ( died April 1682 ) , was a Scottish nobleman and soldier .
Richard Maitland , 4th Earl of Lauderdale ( 20 June 1653 , Haltoun House -- 1695 , Paris , France ) was a Scottish politician .
Jan Kiszka ( 1552 - -1592 ) was a politician , magnate , patron , and benefactor of Polish brethren in the 16th century Polish - Lithuanian Commonwealth .
Joseph Escapa ( c. 1572 - -1662 ) served in the rabbinate of İzmir .
Frederick William , Prince of Nassau - Weilburg ( Friedrich Wilhelm ; 25 October 1768 , The Hague -- 9 January 1816 , Weilburg ) was a ruler of Nassau - Weilburg .
Anwar Solangi ( 1944 - -2008 ) was a Pakistani television and radio artist .
Daniel Ozmo ( born 1912 in Olovo , died 1942 in Jasenovac concentration camp ) was a Yugoslav Jewish painter and printmaker .
Pádraig Ághas ( died 22 December 1966 ) was an Irish independent politician and schoolteacher .
Nikolaus Gerhaert ( c.1420 -- 11 June 1473 ) , also known as Nikolaus Gerhaert van Leyden , was a sculptor of Dutch origin , although aside from his sculptures , few details are known of his life .
Rabbi Hillel Poisic ( 15.1.1881 Zlatopol , Ukraine -- 1953 Tel Aviv , Israel ) was a communal worker and Torah scholar .
Nasir ad - Din Mahmud ( or Mahmud II ) was the Zengid Emir of Mossul 1219 - -1234 .
Bernhard Eriksson ( 19 April 1878 -- 18 April 1952 ) was a Swedish social democratic politician .
Peder Jönsson ( died 1640 ) , was a Swedish hunter and fisherman from Söderköping , who was executed for having confessed to sexual intercourse with a Sjörået ( a lake - nymph ; a mythical female creature of the lake ) .
Piotr Tomicki ( 1464 -- 19 October 1535 ) was a Roman Catholic Bishop of Przemyśl and Poznań , Archbishop of Kraków , Vice - Chancellor of the Crown , and Royal Secretary .
Charles d’Orville Pilkington Jackson ARSA , FRBS , FRSA ( 11 October 1887 -- 20 September 1973 ) was a British sculptor prominent in Scotland in the 20th century .
Maximilien Winter ( 1871 - -1935 ) was a French philosopher of mathematics .
Jürgen Henning Illies ( 14 March 1924 -- 2 August 1982 ) was a German geologist expert in taphrogenesis ( i.e. rift formation ) .
Gabriel Gifford OSB ( also known as Dom Gabriel of St Mary or French : Gabriel de Sainte - Marie ) ( 1554 -- 11 April 1629 ) was an English Roman Catholic Benedictine monk who became Archbishop of Reims .
Nguyễn Tường Tam ( Cẩm Giàng , Hải Dương 25 July 1906 - Saigon , 7 July 1963 ) better known by his pen - name Nhất Linh was a Vietnamese writer , editor and publisher in colonial Hanoi .
Pieter Snyers or Peter Snijers ( first name also written as : ' Peeter ' and nickname ' De Heilige ' or ' The Holy One ' ) ( 30 March 1681 - 4 May 1752 ) was a Flemish art collector , painter , draughtsman and engraver who worked in a wide variety of genres .
Yoshinao Nakada ( 中田喜直 , Shibuya , Tokyo , 1 August 1923 -- 3 May 2000 ) was a Japanese composer .
Edward Morecroft ( died 1580 ) was a Canon of Windsor from 1560 to 1580
Matthew Raine ( 1760 - -1811 ) was an English schoolmaster and cleric .
Daniel Thomas Egerton ( 1797 - 1842 ) , was a British landscape painter , Egerton was one of the original members of the Society of British Artists , where he exhibited in the years 1824 to 1829 , and in 1838 to 1840 .
Lucas Fernández de Piedrahita ( 1624-March 29 , 1688 ) was a Roman Catholic prelate who served as the Bishop of Panamá ( 1676 - 1688 ) and the Bishop of Santa Marta ( 1668 - 1676 ) .
Major Sir George Gipps ( 1791 -- 28 February 1847 ) was Governor of the colony of New South Wales , Australia , for eight years , between 1838 and 1846 .
Thích Thiên - Ân ( 釋天恩 ) ( September 1926 - November 1980 ) was an influential teacher and Buddhist monk of Vietnamese Thiền ( Zen ) Buddhism and was active in the United States from 1966 to 1980 .
Eleanor Palmer ( died 29 February 1558 ) was an English philanthropist who established a charity to help the poor of Chipping Barnet and Kentish Town .
Milorad Rajović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Милорад Рајовић ; 13 May 1955 -- 12 January 2016 ) was a Serbian footballer .
Stanislaus Mink von Wennsshein ( also Wenusheim , Winusheim ) was the pseudonym of Johann Just Winkelmann ( 1620 - 1699 ) , under which he introduced a famous mnemonic system known as the major system ( also called phonetic system or phonetic mnemonic system ) , which is over 300 years old and is used for memorizing numbers .
Sophia Julia Woolf ( born 1831 , d. 1903 ) was an English composer known for songs and opera .
Sam Kahn ( 15 December 1911 -- 25 August 1987 ) was a South African Communist and MP from 1949 to 1952 , for one of the constituencies representing African voters .
Carlos Frederick MacDonald , M.D. ( August 29 , 1845 -- May 29 , 1926 ) was a psychiatrist , and the chairman of the New York State Commission in Lunacy from 1880 to 1896 .
Anna Komnene Doukaina ( died 4 January 1286 ) , known in French as Agnes , was Princess - consort of the Principality of Achaea in 1258 - -1278 .
Albert Ernest Archer ( died 1949 ) was a Canadian physician and political activist .
Coert Steynberg ( 7 January 1905 -- 28 July 1982 ) was a renowned South African sculptor who worked in stone , marble , bronze , copper and wood .
Robert Chalmers , 1st Baron Chalmers , GCB , PC ( 18 August 1858 -- 17 November 1938 ) , was a British civil servant , and a Pali and Buddhist scholar .
Thomas Lanquet ( or Lanket ) ( 1521 - -1545 ) was an English chronicler .
Antonio Piccinni ( 1846- January , 1920 ) was an Italian painter , mainly of watercolors .
Sir Henry le Scrope ( b. in or before 1268 - 7 September 1336 ) was an English lawyer , and Chief Justice of the King 's Bench for two periods between 1317 and 1330 .
Domenico Poggini ( 1520 - -1590 ) was an Italian sculptor , engraver , medallist , goldsmith , and poet .
James Livingston , 1st Earl of Callendar ( c. 1590s -- 1674 ) , army officer who fought on the Royalist side in the Wars of the Three Kingdoms .
John Streater ( died 1687 ) was an English soldier , political writer and printer .
Opoku Ware I ( 1700 - -1750 ) was an Oyoko king or Asantehene - the ruler of the Ashanti - in the now - disbanded Ashanti Confederacy which occupied parts of what is now Ghana .
Paul Vacher ( pronounced : ( pɔl vaʃe ) ) ( died 1975 ) was a French perfumer .
Hugo Neumann ( 8 May 1882 -- 4 September 1962 ) was a German jurist , politician of the Free City of Danzig and writer .
Gilbert Vaughn Hemsley , Jr. ( 1936 - -1983 ) was a noted United States lighting designer and teacher of lighting design .
Frank Sparrow ( 1 July 1927 -- 31 December 2000 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played for East Perth , Swan Districts and West Perth in the WANFL during the 1940s and 1950s .
Sir Ralph Sandwich ( 1235 - -1308 ) ( also known as Ralph de Sandwich and Ralph of Sandwich ) , of Dene ( in Margate ) , Ham , and Ripple , Kent , Winchfield , Hampshire , etc . , was an English administrator and justice .
Stephen Moore , 2nd Earl Mount Cashell ( 19 March 1770 -- 27 October 1822 ) , styled Lord Kilworth between 1781 and 1790 , was an Anglo - Irish politician .
George Syncellus ( Greek : Γεώργιος Σύγκελλος ; died after 810 ) was a Byzantine chronicler and ecclesiastic .
John Scandrett Harford , FRS ( 8 October 1785 -- 16 April 1866 ) was a British banker , benefactor and abolitionist .
Kannavath Sankaran Nambiar ( c. 1760 -- 27 November 1801 ) was the prime minister or Sarvadikaryakar of Pazhassi Raja .
Erich Ebermayer ( 14 September 1900 -- 22 September 1970 ) was a German writer who wrote a number of plays , novels and articles .
Harold Edwin Hurst ( 1 January 1880 -- 7 December 1978 ) was a British hydrologist from Leicester .
Bismillah Khan ( Urdu : استاد بسم اللہ خان صاحب‎ ; 21 March 1913 -- 21 August 2006 ) , often referred to by the honorific title Ustad , was an Indian musician credited with popularizing the shehnai , a subcontinental wind instrument of the oboe class .
Isabella Colonna ( 1513 - 1570 ) was an Italian noblewoman , a member of the Colonna family .
Giampiero Albertini ( 20 December 1927 -- 14 May 1991 ) was an Italian actor , voice actor and TV personality .
Olimpia Ana Pía Sebastiani ( 27 February 1925 -- 26 July 2015 ) was an Argentine pianist and composer .
Sir Michael Kerry KCB QC MA ( 5 August 1923 -- 11 May 2012 ) was the holder of the official titles of Her Majesty 's Procurator General and Treasury Solicitor from 1980 to 1984 .
Juan Hernández Giménez ( 1914 - -2006 ) was an aviator and informant Spanish for the French Resistance .
Romana Calligaris ( 15 December 1924 -- 21 April 2002 ) was an Italian freestyle swimmer who won 15 national titles between 1947 and 1953 .
Shivaji Bhonsle ( Marathi ( ʃiʋaˑɟiˑ bʱoˑs(ə)leˑ ) ; c. 1627/1630 -- 3 April 1680 ) , also known as Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj , was an Indian warrior king and a member of the Bhonsle Maratha clan .
Philip D. Coombs was the Washington State Archivist under Secretary of State Ralph Munroe and then under Secretary of State Sam Reed from October 1999 through his sudden death in July 2001 .
William Coffey VC DCM ( 5 August 1829 -- 13 July 1875 ) , born in Knocklong , County Limerick , was an Irish recipient of the Victoria Cross , the highest and most prestigious award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth forces .
Ludwik Sempoliński , real name Bohdan Kierski ( 18 August 1899 -- 17 April 1981 ) was a Polish film actor .
Lemuel Abbott ( ca . 1730 -- April 1776 ) was an English clergyman and poet .
Joshua Jeays died on 11 March 1881 in Brisbane and is buried in Toowong Cemetery .
Wentworth Dillon , 4th Earl of Roscommon ( c. 1633 -- 18 January 1685 ) , was an English poet .
K. Krishnamurthy ( 22 October 1915 - 6 March 2011 ) was an Indian writer , publisher and political activist .
Sara Benetowa , later known as Sula Benet ( 1903 - -1982 ) , was a Polish anthropologist of the 20th century who studied Polish and Judaic customs and traditions .
Rainulf Drengot ( also Ranulph , Ranulf , or Rannulf ; died June 1045 ) was a Norman adventurer and mercenary in southern Italy .
Václav David ( 23 September 1910 , Studený , Bohemia - 5 January 1996 ) is a Czechoslovak diplomat , he was Czechoslovak foreign minister from 31 January 1953 to 8 April 1968 .
Princess Maria Anna Victoria of Savoy ( 11 September 1683 -- 11 October 1763 ) was the daughter of Prince Louis Thomas of Savoy , Count of Soissons , and Uranie de La Cropte de Beauvais .
John Warner Barber ( February 2 , 1798 -- June 1885 ) was an American engraver whose books of state , national , and local history featured his vivid illustrations , said to have caught the flavor and appearance of city , town , and countryside scenes in his day .
Roberto Ubaldini ( 1581 -- 22 April 1635 ) was a bishop and cardinal of the Catholic Church .
Andy Pattison ( 2 November 1885 -- 12 June 1952 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton , Fitzroy and Richmond in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Morris Cargill CD ( 10 June 1914 -- 8 April 2000 , Kingston ) was a Jamaican lawyer , businessman , planter , journalist and novelist .
Valentin Voss ( 27 August 1880 -- 23 June 1964 ) was a Norwegian lawyer and civil servant .
Jeanie ( Jenny ) Cameron ( 1695?--1773 ? or 1724?--1786 ? ) was a hero of the Jacobite risings in Scotland under Bonnie Prince Charlie in 1745 .
Ivan Broz ( 21 January 1852 -- 25 December 1893 ) was a Croatian linguist and literary historian .
Jean - Pierre Ponnelle ( 19 February 1932 -- 11 August 1988 ) was a noted French opera director .
Roy Allen ( 1918 - -1991 ) was an American , born in the north Philadelphia neighborhood of Olney .
Tan Sri Datin Sri Cempaka Kontek Kamariah Ahmad ( 5 August 1911 - 17 August 2006 ) scored many `` firsts '' for women in the co - operative movement , education and politics in Malaysia .
Michal Har'el née Herison ( 1931 - 2012 ) , was born in Jerusalem and became the second Miss Israel , a women 's rights activist and one of three lifetime honorary presidents of Women 's International Zionist Organization .
Theo van Wijngaarden ( 27 February 1874 , Rotterdam -- 4 November 1952 , Voorburg ) was a Dutch art forger .
John Moat ( 11 September 1936 -- 16 September 2014 ) was a British poet , and co - founder , with John Fairfax , of the Arvon Foundation in 1968 .
Edward Ash Hadow ( 18 April 1831 -- 11 August 1866 ) was an English Chemist .
The Hon . Dr. John Reginald Garcia Valarino MB , ChB , better known as Reggie Valarino , ( 9 June 1941 -- 13 March 2009 ) was a Gibraltarian doctor and politician .
David Friday ( 1876 - -1945 ) president of the U.S. state of Michigan 's Michigan Agricultural College ( now Michigan State University ) from 1922 to 1923 .
Wirjono Prodjodikoro ( 15 June 1903 -- April 1985 ) was the head justice of the Indonesian Supreme Court from 1952 to 1966 .
Taichleach Ua Dubhda , King of Uí Fiachrach Muaidhe , died 1192 .
Jean - Claude Pirotte ( 20 October 1939 -- 24 May 2014 ) was a Belgian writer , poet and painter .
Thomas Sinton , JP ( February 1826 -- 20 August 1887 ) was an Irish industrialist and magistrate .
Mikołaj Ostroróg ( 1593 - -1651 ) was a Polish - Lithuanian szlachcic ( nobleman ) , politician and general .
Ernst Hinterberger ( 17 October 1931 -- 14 May 2012 ) was an Austrian writer of novels , particularly detective novels , plays and successful sitcoms .
Johann Georg Bergmüller ( 15 April 1688 -- 2 April 1762 ) was a painter , particularly of frescoes , of the Baroque .
Abdelaziz Meziane Belfqih ( 1944 - -9 May 2010 ) was a Moroccan civil servant and senior advisor of king Mohammed VI .
Wang Yaowu ( Chinese : 王耀武 ; pinyin : Wáng Yàowŭ , 1904 - -1968 ) was a high - ranking KMT general and the Governor of Shandong Province who successfully fought against both the Imperial Japanese Army and the Chinese Communists .
Franz Werner von Tamm ( 1658 - -1724 ) was a German Baroque painter who travelled to and worked in Italy .
Carl Albert Unbehaun ( 1851 -- 5 February 1924 ) was an electrical engineer in South Australia .
Mihran Apikyan ( Armenian : Միհրան Աբիկյան ; 1855 , Istanbul - 1938 , Istanbul ) was an Armenian and Turkish writer and educator of Armenian descent .
Rabbi Mendel Hess ( March 17 , 1807 , Lengsfeld ( now Stadtlengsfeld ) , Saxe - Weimar - September 21 , 1871 , Eisenach ) was a German rabbi .
Carlo Garbieri ( ca . 1600 - 1649 ) was an Italian painter of the early Baroque period .
Valentin Schindler ( 14 February 1543 -- 11 June 1604 ) was a Lutheran Hebraist and professor of the University of Wittenberg , where he was an important teacher of the Hebrew language .
Squadron Leader John Noel Dowland GC ( 6 November 1914 -- 13 January 1942 ) was awarded the George Cross , as was civilian armament instructor Leonard Henry Harrison , for his gallantry in defusing a bomb which had fallen on the grain ship SS Kildare in Immingham docks on 11 February 1940 .
Tierno Bokar ( Fula : Cerno Bokar ) , full name Tierno Bokar Saalif Tall ( 1875 - -1939 ) , was a Malian mystic , Sufi sage , and a Muslim spiritual teacher of the early twentieth century famous for his message of religious tolerance and universal love .
Berthe Qvistgaard ( 11 August 1910 -- 24 October 1999 ) was a Danish stage and film actress , and winner of the prestigious Tagea Brandt Rejselegat award in 1965 .
Le Yanwei ( 樂彥瑋 ) ( died 676 ) , courtesy name Degui ( 德珪 ) , was an official of the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty , serving briefly as chancellor during the reign of Emperor Gaozong .
William Woodfall ( 7 February 1746 -- 1803 ) was an English printer and publisher in the 18th century .
Brigadier Arthur Gordon Matthew CBE DSO ( 22 December 1898 -- 6 October 1947 ) was a British Royal Artillery officer who served in the First World War and the Second World War .
August Spångberg ( 29 March 1893 - 19 June 1987 ) was a Swedish labor politician .
Dilgo Khyentse Rinpoche ( Tibetan : དིལ་མགོ་མཁྱེན་བརྩེ་ , Wylie : dil mgo mkhyen brtse ) ( c. 1910 -- 28 September 1991 ) was a Vajrayana master , scholar , poet , teacher , and head of the Nyingma school of Tibetan Buddhism from 1987 to 1991 .
Arthur Rex Knight , ( 9 May 1903 -- 9 March 1963 ) was born in Wilcannia , New South Wales in Australia .
Eduardo Armstrong Toro ( 24 January 1851 - 19 June 1895 ) was Mayor of Ponce , Puerto Rico , from 1894 to 1895 .
Margrethe von der Lühe ( 1741 - 1826 ) was a Danish courtier ;
Corneille de Lyon ( early 16th century - 8 November 1575 ( buried ) ) ) was a Dutch painter of portraits who was active in Lyon , France from 1533 until his death .
John Colley Nixon ( died 1818 ) was an English merchant and amateur artist .
Robert Charnock ( or Chernock ) ( c. 1663 -- 18 March 1696 ) was an English academic and Jacobite conspirator .
Ioannis Koutsis ( Greek : Ιωάννης Κούτσης , 1860 - 1953 ) was a Greek painter who was a member of the Munich School Greek art movement of the 19th century .
Thomas Bardwell ( 1704 - 9 Sept 1767 ) was an English portrait and figure painter , art copyist , and writer .
Nicholas John Brown ( 9 October 1838 -- 22 September 1903 ) was a pastoralist and politician in colonial Tasmania , a Speaker of the Tasmanian House of Assembly .
Stuart Frank Doyle ( 1 December 1887 -- 1945 ) , better known as Stuart F. Doyle , was an Australian radio and theatrical entrepreneur .
Allen Hughes ( 28 December 1921 -- 16 November 2009 ) was an American dance and music critic .
Laurent Catellier ( 5 September 1839 -- 17 January 1918 ) was a Canadian physician and professor .
Arnold Silverstone , Baron Ashdown ( 28 September 1911 -- 24 July 1977 ) was a British life peer .
Michael of Cesena ( Michele di Cesena or Michele Fuschi ) ( c. 1270 -- 29 November 1342 ) was an Italian Franciscan , general of that Order , and theologian .
Alessandro Moreschi ( 11 November 1858 -- 21 April 1922 ) was a castrato singer of the late 19th century and the only castrato to make solo recordings .
Pak Se - yong ( 1902 - -1989 ) was a North Korean poet and politician , best known for writing the lyrics of `` Aegukka '' , the national anthem of North Korea .
Jacques Alexis de Verteuil ( 26 March 1726 -- 24 December 1793 ) was a French general and chevalier of the Order of the Holy Spirit ( 1770 ) .
Faisal bin Turki I bin Abdulaziz Al Saud ( Arabic : فيصل بن تركي الأول بن عبد العزيز آل سعود‎ , Faisal bin Turkī l-ʾAwwal bin ʿAbd al-ʿAzīz Āl Saʿūd ) ( 1918 - -1968 ) , was the eldest son of Turki I bin Abdulaziz Al Saud .
Johan Fredrik Eckersberg ( 16 June 1822 -- 13 July 1870 ) was a Norwegian painter most noted for his landscapes .
Alfréd Hajós ( 1 February 1878 -- 12 November 1955 ) was a Hungarian swimmer and architect .
Murry S. King ( 1870 - -1925 ) ( often spelled `` Murray '' ) was Florida 's first registered architect , a noted American architect with a successful practice in Orlando , Florida , in the 1910s and 1920s .
Charles Shaw - Lefevre , 1st Viscount Eversley GCB , PC ( 22 February 1794 -- 28 December 1888 ) , was a British Whig politician .
Emilian Bukov ( Russian : Емилиа́н Не́стерович Бу́ков ; 8 August ( O.S. 26 July ) 1909 Kiliya , Odessa Oblast , Ukraine -- 17 October 1984 ) was a Soviet Moldavian writer and poet , recognized with the State Prize of the Moldavian SSR and honorary title of People 's Writer of the Moldavian SSR ( 1982 ) .
James Warnecombe or Warmecombe ( by 1523 - 21 February 1581 ) , of Ivington , Herefordshire , was an English politician .
Major General Douangchay Phichit ( 5 April 1944 -- 17 May 2014 ) was a Laotian politician from Attapeu and a Politburo member of the Lao People 's Revolutionary Party ( from the 7th Congress of the Lao People 's Revolutionary Party until his death ) .
Ronald Eckersley ( born 4 September 1925 , Bingley , Yorkshire , England - 30 May 2009 ) is an English former first - class cricketer , who played one match for Yorkshire County Cricket Club against the Royal Air Force , at North Marine Road Ground , Scarborough in 1945 .
William Korey ( 16 June 1922 -- 26 August 2009 ) was a lobbyist on international issues for B’nai B’rith .
Egfrid of Lindisfarne ( also known as Heathured ) was Bishop of Lindisfarne from 821 until his death in 830 .
John deKoven Hill ( 1920 - 1996 ) was an American architect , honorary chairman of the Frank Lloyd Wright Foundation and editorial director of House Beautiful magazine .
Einar Woxen , MBE ( 5 November 1878 -- 12 November 1937 ) was a Norwegian barrister and journalist .
Father George Kandathil SJ ( 25 December 1920 -- 7 November 2011 ) is the pioneer of transactional analysis ( TA ) in India .
Gaston Redon ( 1853 - -1921 ) was a French architect , teacher , and graphic artist .
Sheikh Gad al - Haq Ali Gad al - Haq ( 5 April 1917 - 15 March 1996 ) was Grand Imam of Al - Azhar from 1982 to 1996 .
John Wilson - Patten , 1st Baron Winmarleigh PC ( 26 April 1802 -- 11 July 1892 ) was a British Conservative politician .
Nancy Keesing ( 7 September 1923 -- 19 January 1993 ) was a Jewish Australian writer and editor .
Thomas Nuthall ( died 7 March 1775 ) was an English politician and attorney who played an historic role in the ministries of William Pitt , Lord Bute , and Lord Rockingham .
W. Dorr Legg ( born William Dorr Lambert Legg 1904 - -July 26 , 1994 ) , was a landscape architect and one of the founders of the United States gay rights movement , then called the homophile movement .
John Meinhard VII , Count of Gorizia ( 1378 or 1380 -- 22 May 1430 ) was a member of the Meinhardiner dynasty .
Baldwin Hyde ( died 16 August 1472 ) was a Canon of Windsor from 1469 to 1472 and Clerk of the Parliaments 1470 - 1741
Grazioso Rusca ( 1757 -- 18 June 1829 ) was a Swiss sculptor who was also active in northern Italy .
Aksel Frederik Andersen ( 10 February 1891 Fodby , Denmark -- 1972 Gentofte , Denmark ) was a Danish mathematician who worked on infinite series and in particular on Cesàro summation .
John Gillespie Magee , Jr. ( 9 June 1922 -- 11 December 1941 ) was an American aviator and poet , made famous for his poem High Flight .
Elizabeth Needham ( died 3 May 1731 ) , also known as Mother Needham , was an English procuress and brothel - keeper of 18th - century London , who has been identified as the bawd greeting Moll Hackabout in the first plate of William Hogarth 's series of satirical etchings , A Harlot 's Progress .
Gonçalo Álvares ( ? ? -- 1524 ) was a Portuguese explorer who actively participated in the age of discovery starting from the second voyage of Diogo Cão .
Luis Augusto Turcios Lima ( 23 November 1941 - 2 October 1966 ) was a Guatemalan army officer and leader of the Rebel Armed Forces ( Fuerzas Armadas Rebeldes , or FAR ) .
John Guildesborough or Gildesburgh ( c. 1331 -- 1389 ) was Knight of the Shire for Essex and Speaker of the House of Commons of England in 1380 .
Štefan Uher ( 4 June 1930 -- 29 March 1993 ) was a Slovak film director , one of the founders of the `` Czechoslovak New Wave '' .
Guan Bo ( 關播 ) ( 719 -- February 4 , 797 ) , courtesy name Wuyuan ( 務元 ) , was an official of the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty , serving as a chancellor during the reign of Emperor Dezong .
William Hone ( 3 June 1780 -- 8 November 1842 ) was an English writer , satirist and bookseller .
Robert Besley ( 1794 - -1876 ) was an English typographer , creator of Clarendon ( typeface ) in 1845 and the Lord Mayor of London in 1869 .
John Goller ( died 1874 ) was a pioneer settler in Los Angeles , California , as a result of the great gold rush of 1849 , escaping with his life during a perilous crossing of the desert and claiming he had found prodigious gold deposits there .
Rolv Høiland ( 26 September 1926 -- 2001 ) was a Norwegian magazine editor .
Totti Truman Taylor , born Dorothy Leah Pedley ( 7 September 1915 -- 5 March 1981 ) , was a British actress .
Panagiotis Paraskevopoulos ( Greek : Παναγιώτης Παρασκευόπουλος , 1875 --8 July 1956 ) was a Greek athlete .
Vic Bodsworth ( 10 July 1931 -- 3 December 1967 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Footscray in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Leslie Waddington ( 9 February 1934 -- 30 November 2015 ) was a British art dealer who served as the chairman of Waddington Custot Galleries , 11 Cork Street , London .
Karel Rychlík ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈkarɛl ˈrɪxliːk ) ; 1885 - -1968 ) was a Czech mathematician who contributed significantly to the fields of algebra , number theory , mathematical analysis , and the history of mathematics .
Pedro Medina Avendaño ( 14 September 1915 -- 31 August 2012 ) was a Colombian lawyer and poet , author of the Anthem of Bogotá and the Anthem of Boyacá , he was also known as the `` Poet of the Anthems '' .
Phannias ben Samuel ( in Hebrew : פנחס בן שמואל Pinhas ben Shmuel ) ( c. 70 CE ) was the last Jewish High Priest .
Humphrey Walrond ( c. 1600 -- c. 1670 ) , was Deputy - Governor of Barbados .
Ram Vilas Sharma ( 10 October 1912 -- 30 May 2000 ) was an eminent progressive literary critic , linguist , poet and thinker .
Di Qing ( 1008 - -1057 ) , formerly romanized as Ti Ch'ing , was a military general of the Northern Song dynasty .
Air Chief Marshal Nikolaos Stapas ( Greek : Νικόλαος Στάπας , 1937 -- 14 June 2011 ) was a Greek Air Force officer and Chief of the Hellenic Air Force General Staff .
Alan Ruddock ( 10 January 1944 -- 2 April 2012 ) was an Irish Martial Arts pioneer , teacher and writer .
John Stuart , Lord Mount Stuart ( 25 September 1767 -- 22 January 1794 ) , was an England - born Scottish Tory politician .
John William Warde was a twenty - six - year - old native of Southampton , New York who committed suicide on July 26 , 1938 .
Frederic Thesiger , 1st Baron Chelmsford PC KC FRS ( 25 April 1794 -- 5 October 1878 ) was a British jurist and Conservative politician .
Carola Goya ( 1906 - -1994 ) was an American dancer , choreographer , and teacher who specialized in the study and performance of Spanish dance .
Ekaterina Sankovskaya ( 1816 , Moscow - 28 August 1878 , Moscow ) was a Russian dancer who graduated from the Moscow Bolshoi Ballet School in 1836 .
Nicolaas Jan van Strien ( 1 April 1946 -- 7 February 2008 ) , or just Nico van Strien , was a zoologist and conservationist of Dutch ancestry .
William Young Fullerton ( 8 March 1857 -- 17 August 1932 ) was a Baptist preacher , administrator and writer .
Athanasios Kanakaris - Roufos ( Greek : Αθανάσιος Κανακάρης-Ρούφος , 1830 - -1902 ) was a Greek politician from Achaea .
Yngvar Sonnichsen ( March 9 , 1873 -- July 1938 ) was a Norwegian born , American artist and painter known especially for his portraits , landscapes and murals .
Edward Liddall Armitage or E. Liddall Armitage ( 1887 - 1967 ) was an English stained glass artist .
William Primrose CBE ( 23 August 1904 -- 1 May 1982 ) was a Scottish violist and teacher .
Max Benedict ( 20 February 1920 -- 20 April , 1986 ) was an Austrian born , British film editor .
Harvey John Tompkins , M.D. ( 1906 - -1983 ) was an American physician , a psychiatrist , whose professional life was in public service .
Hermione Cobbold , Baroness Cobbold ( born Margaret Hermione Millicent Bulwer - Lytton ; 31 August 1905 -- 27 October 2004 ) , known as Lady Hermione Bulwer - Lytton until 1930 , was the British matriarch of Knebworth House and wife of Cameron Fromanteel Cobbold , 1st Baron Cobbold .
Adam Adami , O.S.B. ( 1603 or 1610 -- 19 February 1663 ) was a German monk , diplomat and priest .
Jacques Maroger ( French pronunciation : ​(maʁoʒe ) ; 1884 - -1962 ) was a painter and the technical director of the Louvre Museum 's laboratory in Paris .
Philipp Otto Runge ( German : ( ˈʀʊŋə ) ; 23 July 1777 -- 2 December 1810 ) was a Romantic German painter and draughtsman .
James Grimble Groves ( 24 October 1854 -- 23 June 1914 ) was a British brewer and Conservative politician .
Iconologia di Cesare Ripa Perugino ... : divisa in tre libri , by Cesare Ripa , Cristoforo Tomassini publisher , Venice , 1645 .
Sun Yuanheng ( 孫元亨 ) ( died October 26 , 696 ) was an official of Wu Zetian 's Zhou Dynasty , serving briefly as chancellor .
James Durbin FBA ( 30 June 1923 -- 23 June 2012 ) was a British statistician and econometrician , known particularly for his work on time series analysis and serial correlation .
Terence Harris MBE ( 6 July 1939 -- 18 March 2011 ) , known as Jet Harris , was an English musician .
Sir Thomas Dale ( died 19 August 1619 ) was an English naval commander and deputy - governor of the Virginia Colony in 1611 and from 1614 to 1616 .
Joe Slovo ( 23 May 1926 -- 6 January 1995 , full name Yossel Mashel Slovo ) was a South African politician , an opponent of the apartheid system .
Ernest J. Burrus ( 1907 - 1991 ) was a Jesuit and a leading historian of northwestern New Spain , particularly the Baja California peninsula and Sonora .
Richard Henry Meade ( 1814 - 23 December 1899 in Bradford , England ) was an English surgeon , and Justice of the peace .
Franz Xaver Oberleitner ( 12 January 1789 -- 10 June 1832 ) was an Austrian theologian and orientalist .
The Reverend John Wakeford ( died 13 February 1930 ) was a Church of England clergyman who was convicted of adultery and deprived of his post as Archdeacon of Stow in a celebrated court case in 1921 .
Willem Tomberg ( 1670 , Gouda -- 1712 , Gouda ) , was an 18th - century writer and stained glass painter .
Mehmet Arif Şenerim ( 1877 - -1951 ) was a Turkish military leader active during the Balkan Wars , the First World War , and the Turkish War of Independence .
Gnanendramohan Tagore ( also Gyanendramohan Tagore ) ( 24 January 1826 -- 5 January 1890 ) was the first Asian to be called to the bar in England , in 1862 .
Sylvester Phelps Hodgdon ( 1830 - -1906 ) was a prolific American painter .
Simon Gipps - Kent ( born Simon Trevor Kent ; 25 October 1958 -- 16 September 1987 ) was a prolific 20th century English theatre and film actor in the 1970s-80s , noted for his teen portrayals of British royalty and nobility .
Lyle Benjamin Borst ( 24 November 1912 -- 30 July 2002 ) , nuclear physicist , inventor , worked with Enrico Fermi in Chicago , involved with the Manhattan District Project , and worked with Ernest O. Wollan to conduct neutron scattering and neutron diffraction studies .
Leonard Gyllenhaal ( 3 December 1752 -- 13 May 1840 ) was a Swedish military officer and entomologist .
Li Cunjin ( 李存進 ) ( 857 - -922 ) , originally Sun Chongjin ( 孫重進 ) , was a military general in imperial China 's Tang Dynasty , and later the Jin territory in the ensuing Five Dynasties and Ten Kingdoms period after Tang 's collapse .
Gábor Ugron de Ábránfalva the Younger ( 8 January 1880 -- 27 October 1960 ) was a Hungarian politician , a member of one of the oldest noble families of Transylvania , who served as Interior Minister between 1917 and 1918 .
John Kitto ( 4 December 1804 -- 25 November 1854 ) was an English biblical scholar of Cornish descent .
Peder Als ( 16 May 1725 -- 8 July 1775 ) was a Danish historical and portrait painter
John Olaf Todahl ( 1884 - -1924 ) was an American illustrator and cartoonist .
Marshall Earle Reid ( August 31 , 1887 - December 5 , 1955 ) was a pioneer early aviator .
Joseph - Dominique - Emmanuel Le Moyne de Longueuil ( April 2 , 1738 -- January 19 , 1807 ) was a soldier , seigneur and politician in New France and Quebec .
Leonard Woodward ( died 5 June 1976 ) was a British chemist who was associated with the University of Oxford for more than 30 years , and who was a leading authority in the field of Raman spectroscopy .
John Fergus O'Hea ( b. c. 1838 ; d. 2 September 1922 ) was an Irish political cartoonist who sometimes published under the pseudonym Spex .
Antoni Szuniewicz ( 14 November 1911 in Leonowicze near Wilno - 12 March 1987 in Częstochowa ) was a Polish organist , composer , conductor , choirmaster and music teacher .
Umberto Melnati ( 17 June 1897 -- 30 March 1979 ) was an Italian film actor He appeared in over 35 films between 1932 and 1962 .
Brigadier Martin Melvin Cruickshank CIE FRSE FRCSE FACS FICS ( 1888 - 1964 ) was a Scottish surgeon , specialising in ophthalmic surgery .
William Hagan DuBarry ( 1894 - -1958 ) was the acting President of the University of Pennsylvania during parts of 1950 - 51 , 1952 , and 1953 .
Pedro de Peralta ( c. 1584 -- 1666 ) was Governor of New Mexico between 1610 and 1613 at a time when it was a province of New Spain .
Peter Malberg ( 21 September 1887 -- 23 June 1965 ) was a Danish actor best known for his role as Onkel Anders in the Far Til Fire movies .
Rabbi David Messas ( 15 July 1934 in Meknes , Morocco -- 20 November 2011 Paris ) was the son of Rabbi Chalom Messas , the former Chief Rabbi of Morocco who subsequently became the sefardic Chief Rabbi of Jerusalem .
Sir George Thorold , 1st Baronet ( c. 1666 -- 29 October 1722 ) of Harmston , Lincolnshire , was a leading London merchant .
Helena Kara ( originally Aini Helena Dahl , 16 August 1916 -- 26 February 2002 ) was a Finnish film actress .
Nikolaos Kantounis ( Greek : Νικόλαος Καντούνης ; 1767 , Zakynthos -- 1834 , Zakynthos ) was a Greek painter ; one of the most important representatives of the Heptanese School .
Frank Perkins Whitman ( 1853 - -1919 ) , was an American physicist
Clement Shahbaz Bhatti ( 9 September 1968 -- 2 March 2011 ) , popularly known as Shahbaz Bhatti , was a Pakistani politician and elected member of the National Assembly from 2008 .
Frederick Donald Blake RI , RSMA ( 1908 - -1997 ) was a Scottish artist .
Captain Sir Henry Chamberlain , 2nd Baronet ( 2 October 1796 -- 8 September 1843 ) was a British Army officer of the Royal Artillery and an artist whose series of drawings of Brazil were well known in his time .
Julia von Mengden ( Augusta Juliane ) ( 1719 - -1786 ) , was a Livonian noblewoman , lady in waiting , favourite and the intimate friend and confidante of the Russian regent Grand Duchess Anna Leopoldovna .
Tobias Hess ( 1558 - -1614 ) was a German lawyer based in Tübingen .
Justus Ferdinand Poggenburg III ( January 23 , 1895 - December 1966 ) was an American billiards champion .
John Cradock ( alias Craddock ) ( c. 1708 - 10 December 1778 ) was an English churchman , Church of Ireland Archbishop of Dublin from 1772 .
Yente Serdatzky ( Serdatsky ) ( 15 September 1877 -- 1 May 1962 ) was a Jewish - American Yiddish - language writer .
Alfred Rutter Clarke ( 17 November 1867 -- 10 December 1932 ) , generally referred to as `` Rutter Clarke '' or `` A. Rutter Clarke '' , was an Australian stockbroker and investor whose company Clarke and Co. , founded by his grandfather , William Clarke , operated in three states , and specialised in mining ventures .
Henry of Schweinfurt ( de Suinvorde ; c. 970 -- 18 September 1017 ) was the Margrave of the Nordgau from 994 until 1004 .
Samuel Tertius Galton ( 23 March 1783 -- 30 March 1844 ) was a businessman and scientist .
Asen Lekarski ( Bulgarian : Асен Лекарски ) ( 12 May 1901 -- 2 September 1952 ) was a Bulgarian fencer .
Ewart Bryon Butler ( 5 June 1934 -- 26 April 2001 ) was an English writer and broadcaster , best known as the BBC 's football correspondent from 1968 to 1991 .
John Alexander Lillington ( c. 1725 -- 1786 ) , also known as Alexander John Lillington , was a Patriot officer from North Carolina in the American Revolutionary War who notably fought in the Battle of Moore 's Creek Bridge in 1776 .
María del Socorro Bustamante ( 17 February 1955 -- 20 March 2015 ) was a Colombian politician who was a Senator from 1994 to 2002 .
Celestine Tate Harrington ( 1956 -- February 25 , 1998 ) was a quadriplegic street musician who was well known for playing the keyboard with her lips , teeth and tongue on the boardwalk .
Ilma Grace Stone ( 1913 -- 2001 ) , née Balfe , was an Australian botanist who specialised in bryology .
Conrad Detrez ( 1 April 1937 Roclenge - sur - Geer -- 12 February 1985 ) was a Belgian novelist .
John Goodwin Lyman ( 29 September 1886 -- 26 May 1967 ) was an American - born Canadian modernist painter active largely in Montreal .
Quang Nhuong Huynh ( August 22 , 1946 - -2001 ) was a Vietnamese - born American author .
William Mace ( died 1767 ) was an English Gresham Professor of Law , from 1744 , and Fellow of the Royal Society .
Gabriele Sforza died on 12 September 1457 in Milan and was buried in the church of Santa Maria Incoronata , Milan , which his brother had commissioned .
Zygmunt Kałużyński ( 11 December 1918 -- 30 September 2004 ) was a Polish lawyer , film critic , promoter of cinema , erudite , long - time contributor of Polityka magazine and a TV personality .
Iris Davies ( 1935 -- 20 July 2010 ) , pen name Iris Gower , was a novelist , noted for her many historical romances , most of which are set in the Welsh seaport of Swansea and the adjacent Gower Peninsula , from which she took her nom - de - plume .
Sir James Douglas , 7th of Drumlanrig , ( d. 1578 ) was a Scottish nobleman .
Dennis Hodgetts ( 28 November 1863 -- 26 March 1945 ) , commonly known as Denny Hodgetts , was a footballer in the early years of professional football in England .
Charles Henry Chomley ( 28 April 1868 -- 21 October 1942 ) was an Australian farmer , barrister , writer and journalist .
Frank Cyril Tiarks OBE ( also known as FC Tiarks ) ( Balham , 9 July 1874 -- Loxton , 7 April 1952 ) was an English banker .
Douglas Durkin ( 9 July 1884 - 4 June 1967 ) was a Canadian novelist , short story writer and screenwriter .
Amanieu VIII ( sometimes VII ) ( died 1326 ) was the Lord of Albret from 1298 until his death .
Edward the Martyr ( Old English : Eadweard ; c. 962 -- 18 March 978 ) was King of England from 975 until he was murdered in 978 .
Francisco Ruiz Lozano ( 1607 , Oruro , Alto Perú--1677 , Mexico City ) was a Peruvian soldier , astronomer , mathematician and educator .
Henry Coke ( 1591 - -1661 ) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons variously between 1624 and 1642 .
Hou Sizhi ( 侯思止 ) ( died 693 ) was a secret police official during the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty and Wu Zetian 's Zhou Dynasty .
Zelimkhan Murdalov was a 26-year - old student from Grozny , Chechnya , who left his home on January 2 , 2001 , saying he would return but never did .
Stefan Sadorski ( 1581 -- 2 July 1640 ) was a courtier , politician and a diplomat of the Polish - Lithuanian Commonwealth .
George Legge , 3rd Earl of Dartmouth KG , PC , FRS ( 3 October 1755 -- 10 November 1810 ) , styled Viscount Lewisham until 1801 , was a British politician .
Jānis Rieksts ( or Reeksts ; 21 May 1881 -- 24 November 1970 ) was a Latvian autodidact photographer .
Vassilis Steriadis ( Greek : Βασίλης Στεριάδης ; 1947 - -2003 ) was a Greek poet and critic .
Roman Zenzinger(16 July 1903 -- 5 November 1990 ) was an Austrian artist and commercial designer best known for his intense portraits and sketches of soldiers during world war II .
Ramchandra Bhikaji Gunjikar ( Devanagari : रामचंद्र भिकाजी गुंजीकर ) ( 1843 - 1901 ) was a Marathi writer from Maharashtra , India .
Frederick Oliver Robinson ( August 2 , 1903 - -June 26 , 1969 ) was an Ontario machinist and political figure .
Zacheus Chukwukaelo Obi , ( 1896 - 1993 ) Eze - onunekwulu - Igbo , ( spokesman for the Igbo ) was an Igbo leader who was born in Nnewi ; he was educated at the C.M.S. school , Nnewi .
Belgin Doruk ( 28 June 1936 , Ankara -- 26 March 1995 , Istanbul ) was a popular Turkish film actress .
Salomon de Bray ( 1597 -- 11 May 1664 ) was a Dutch Golden Age architect and painter .
Jesse Gray ( May 14 , 1923 -- January 2 , 1988 ) was an American civil rights leader and politician from New York .
Magdalena Andersdotter ( 1590 in Norway -- 1650 ) was a Norwegian shipowner .
Peter Hodge ( 18 June 1871 -- 18 August 1934 ) was a Scottish football manager who managed Raith Rovers , Stoke City , Manchester City and spent most of his career with Leicester City ( over two spells ) .
Paul Amman ( 31 August 1634 -- 4 February 1691 ) , German physician and botanist .
Giovanni Costanzi ( 1674 - -1754 ) was an Italian gem engraver of the late - Baroque period .
Lieutenant - General Sir David Willison KCB , OBE , MC ( 25 December 1919 -- 24 April 2009 ) was a British soldier who served with the Royal Engineers between 1939 and 1963 , after which he served in a series of military intelligence roles until his retirement from the army in 1975 .
Georges Grisez ( 31 March 1884 -- March 1946 ) was a French - born American clarinetist .
William Kearsley ( 2 September 1863 -- 19 June 1921 ) was an Australian politician and member of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly from 1910 until 1921 .
Josefina Méndez ( nickname Yuyi ; 8 March 1941 -- 26 January 2007 ) was a Cuban ballet dancer and ballet mistress .
William Savery ( cabinetmaker ) ( 1721 or 1722 - 1787 , Philadelphia , Pennsylvania ) was an 18th - century American cabinetmaker noted for his furniture in the Queen Anne and Philadelphia Chippendale styles .
Maria of Loon - Heinsberg ( 1426 -- 20 April 1502 ) was the daughter of John I , Count Loon - Heinsberg .
Edward Elmhirst ( 26 November 1811 -- 12 November 1893 ) was an English cricketer who played in 15 matches between 1834 and 1853 that are considered to have been first - class .
Pierre - Aimé Millet de la Turtaudière ( 1783 in Angers -- 1873 ) was a French naturalist .
Alfred Douglas Hardy ( 1870 - -1958 ) was an Australian amateur collector of freshwater algae specimens .
Julije Makanec ( 19 September 1904 , Sarajevo -- 7 June 1945 , Zagreb ) was an ethnic Croatian politician , philosopher and writer .
Isaiah Sellers ( ca . 1802 - -1864 ) was the riverboat captain from whom Samuel L. Clemens claimed to have appropriated the pen - name Mark Twain .
Gentile de ' Becchi ( 1420/1430 -- 1497 ) was an Italian bishop , diplomat , orator and writer .
George J. F. Clarke ( October 12 , 1774 -- 1836 ) was one of the most prominent and active men of East Florida in the Second Spanish Period .
José Neglia ( April 2 , 1929 -- October 10 , 1971 ) was a notable Argentine ballerino , who perhaps more than any other figure , helped popularize the classical ballet in his country .
Willard Earl Givens ( 1886 - -1971 ) was an American educator , notable as the executive secretary of the National Education Association from 1935 to 1952 .
Sir Nilratan Sircar ( 1 October 1861 -- 18 May 1943 ) was an eminent Indian doctor , educationist , philanthropist and swadeshi entrepreneur .
Thomas Watson - Wentworth , 1st Marquess of Rockingham , KB , PC ( I ) ( 13 November 1693 -- 14 December 1750 ) was a British peer and Whig politician .
Nurkhon was murdered by her own brother in 1929 for allegedly having dishonored her family by dancing in front of the public .
Murray Fife Buell ( October 5 , 1905 -- July 3 , 1975 ) was an American ecologist and palynologist .
Pepsi Tate ( 10 March 1965 -- 18 September 2007 ) was the bass guitarist of Welsh glam metal band Tigertailz , who made the Top 40 in the UK Albums Chart in the early 1990s .
Gordon Nutt ( 8 November 1932 -- 25 February 2014 ) was an English professional footballer who was a winger .
Major - General , The Reverend Denis Price CB , CBE ( 28 October 1908 -- 19 March 1966 ) was Chief of Staff , British Defence Staff in Washington from 1959 to 1962 and was later ordained into the Presbyterian Church in the USA .
Henry Pitts Forster ( 1766?--1815 ) was an orientalist .
Little Shield ( Cheyenne language : A - che - kan - koo - eni ) was a chieftain of the Northern Cheyenne from 1865 - 1879 .
Ralph Inman ( 1713 - -1788 ) was a merchant in 18th - century Boston , Massachusetts , with a residence in Cambridge .
Nicholas Clagett ( born 1685/6 , died 1746 ) was an English bishop .
Prabodh Chandra Goswami ( 1911 - -1984 ) was an Indian school teacher who worked in Jenkins School , Cooch Behar from 1951 to 1971 .
Mary , Countess of Blois , also known as Marie of Avesnes , ( 1200 - -1241 ) was countess of Blois from 1230 to 1241 .
Eric Burgin ( 4 January 1924 -- 16 November 2012 ) was an English first - class cricketer and a professional footballer .
Kaiser Kalambo ( 6 July 1953 -- 18 March 2014 ) was a Zambian coach and former footballer .
Hamlet Puleston or Puliston ( 1632 - -1662 ) was an English academic , known as a political writer .
Bruno Lohse ( 17 September 1911 -- 19 March 2007 ) was a German art dealer and SS - Hauptsturmführer who , during World War II , became the chief art looter in Paris for Hermann Göring , helping the Nazi leader amass a vast collection of plundered artworks .
General José María Flores ( 1818 , New Spain -- 1866 ) was an officer in the Mexican Army and was a member of la otra banda .
Clarrie Horder died on 6 June 1960 at St. George Hospital , aged 69 .
John Dennant ( 1839 -- 12 June 1907 ) was an English - born educational administrator and geologist , president of the Royal Society of Victoria in 1903 .
José María Ruda ( Buenos Aires , 1924 -- Spain , 7 July 1994 ) was an Argentine jurist .
Katharine Mary Briggs ( 8 November 1898 -- 15 October 1980 ) was a British folklorist and writer , who wrote The Anatomy of Puck , the four - volume A Dictionary of British Folk - Tales in the English Language , and various other books on fairies and folklore .
Richard Clipston Sturgis Jr. ( 1880 - -1910 ) was born in Brookline , Massachusetts , the son of noted architect R. Clipston Sturgis .
Attakullakulla ( Cherokee , Ata - gul ' kalu ; often called Little Carpenter by the English ) ( c. 1708 - -1778 ) was an influential Cherokee leader and the tribe 's First Beloved Man , serving from 1761 to around 1775 .
Sir Neil Loring ( `` Loryng '' , `` Loringe '' etc . , Neel alias Nigel , Latin : Nigellus ) ( c. 1320 -- 18 March 1386 ) , KG , was a medieval English soldier and diplomat and a founding member of the Order of the Garter , established by King Edward III in 1348 .
Georg Ritschel ( 1616 - -1683 ) was a Bohemian Protestant minister and educator .
William Henry Schofield ( 1870 - 1920 ) was an American academic , founder of the Harvard Studies in Comparative Literature .
James Ogilvy , 1st Earl of Airlie ( c. 1593 -- 1666 ) was a Scottish royalist of the Wars of the Three Kingdoms .
The Honourable William George Boyle ( 12 August 1830 -- 24 March 1908 ) was a British soldier and Liberal Party politician .
Henning Larsen , Hon . FAIA ( 20 August 1925 -- 22 June 2013 ) was a Danish architect .
Sergio Campanato ( 17 February 1930 -- 1 March 2005 ) was an Italian mathematician who studied the theory of regularity for elliptic and parabolic partial differential equations .
Iago ab Idwal ap Meurig ( died 1039 ) was a Prince of Gwynedd .
Erminio Macario ( 27 May 1902 -- 25 March 1980 ) , best known as Macario , was an Italian film actor and comedian .
Charles Anthony Goessmann ( 13 June 1827 Naumburg - 1 September 1910 Amherst , Massachusetts ) , known in his native German as Karl Anton Goessmann , was a Massachusetts agricultural and food chemist .
Walter K. Link ( 1902 - 1982 ) was an American oil geologist .
Aleksandar Tomašević ( Serbian Cyrillic : Александар Томашевић ; 19 November 1908 -- 21 February 1988 ) was a Serbian football player and manager .
King Hagler or Nopkehee ( ca . 1700 - -1763 ) was a chief or King of the Catawba Native American tribe from 1754 to 1763 .
Jacques Fabien Gautier d'Agoty ( 1716 - -1785 ) was a French anatomist , painter and printmaker .
Norman Sheffield ( 25 September 1939 - 20 June 2014 ) was a music and advertising industry figure , most noted for his music industry recording and management roles , ownership of the former Trident Studios , and being the first manager of the rock band Queen .
William Imbrie ( 1 January 1845 - 4 August 1928 ) was an American missionary to Japan .
Elias Degiannis ( Greek : Ηλίας Ντεγιάννης ) ( 22 December 1912 -- 18 June 1943 ) was a Greek navy officer and second in command of the resistance group PROMETHEUS .
Philip Guedalla ( 12 March 1889 -- 16 December 1944 ) was a British barrister , and a popular historical and travel writer and biographer .
Lieutenant Colonel Sir Frederick Harrison ( 1844 - 31 December 1914 ) was a British army officer , and railway manager .
Guan Liang ( Chinese : 关良 ; 1900 - -1986 ) , courtesy name Lianggong ( 良公 ) , was a Chinese painter .
Francesco Canova da Milano ( Francesco da Milano , also known as Il divino , Francesco da Parigi , etc . ) ( 18 August 1497 -- 2 January 1543 ) was an Italian lutenist and composer .
Tom Pook ( 1869 -- 21 February 1948 ) was an English - born Wales international rugby forward who played rugby union for Newport and rugby league with Holbeck .
Joyce Windsor ( 21 January 1932 - 15 October 2008 ) was an English - born actress perhaps best remembered for her portrayal of the cleaner Ruby in the BBC1 Comedy Butterflies by Carla Lane .
Charles Maurin ( 1 April 1856 -- 22 July 1914 ) was a French painter , engraver , and an anarchist who practiced a variety of styles .
Henry Lowther Clarke ( 23 November 1850 -- 23 June 1926 ) was the fourth Anglican bishop and first archbishop of Melbourne , Australia .
Gino Cantarelli ( 1899 -- 1950 ) was an Italian Dadaist poet and painter of the early 20th century .
Pál Beőthy de Bessenyő et Örvend ( Beöthy ; 20 June 1866 -- 15 September 1921 ) was a Hungarian jurist , soldier and politician , who served as Speaker of the House of Representatives between 1913 and 1917 .
Pieter Godfried Bertichen ( 5 February 1796 -- 1856 ) was a Dutch painter and lithographer who also lived and worked in Brazil .
Sidney Sinclair ( 1915 - -1999 ) was an English born , Australian businessman , philanthropist , trade advisor to the Federal Government and prominent member of the Australian Jewish community .
Helen Schnabel , née Fogel , ( 22 July 1911 -- 29 September 1974 ) was an American pianist .
Arthur Annesley , 5th Earl of Anglesey PC , PC ( Ire ) ( c. 1678 -- 31 March 1737 ) was an Anglo - Irish politician .
Jimmy Mitchell ( born 22 October 1924 ; died 2004 ) was a Scottish footballer , who played for Queen 's Park , Morton , Aberdeen and was player / manager of Cowdenbeath .
Walter Geikie ( 10 November 1795 -- 1 August 1837 ) , was a short - lived Scottish painter , operational in the early 19th century .
Mao Mengsuo ( simplified Chinese : 毛梦索 ; traditional Chinese : 毛夢索 ; pinyin : Máo Mèngsuǒ , 15 June 1989 -- 12 June 2010 ) was a Chinese footballer , previously played in NT Realty Wofoo Tai Po .
Robert Waring Stoddard ( 1906 - -1984 ) was President of Wyman - Gordon , a major industrial enterprise , and one of the founders of the anticommunist John Birch Society .
Lionel Bailey Budden FRIBA ( 1877 -- 21 July 1956 ) , a British architect , was the son of William Budden and Elizabeth Adams .
William Dawson Lawrence ( 16 July 1817 -- 8 December 1886 ) was a successful shipbuilder , businessman and politician .
F. M. Khan ( 1930 - -2002 ) was born in Bargu , a village in the district Ghizer , in the Gilgit - Baltistan region of Pakistan .
Milan Babić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Милан Бабић ; 26 February 1956 -- 5 March 2006 ) was from 1991 to 1992 the first President of the Republic of Serbian Krajina , a self - proclaimed state largely populated by Serbs of Croatia that wished to break away from Croatia .
William Harry ( 30 November 1878 -- 21 February 1943 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played for Carlton in one game in 1906 .
Maurice Persat ( Puy - de - Dôme , Ennezat April 30 , 1788 - 1858 ) , a French officer and writer , participant of the Napoleonic wars and revolutionary wars in Latin America , Greece and Spain .
Nicholas Caldecote ( died 1443 ) , of Meldreth , Cambridgeshire , was an English politician .
Matthew Gibney ( 1 November 1835 in Killeshandra , Cavan , Ireland -- 22 June 1925 in Perth , Western Australia ) , an Australian metropolitan bishop , was the third Roman Catholic Bishop of Perth , serving from 1886 until 1910 .
Santo Rinaldi ( 1620 - -1676 ) was an Italian painter of the Baroque period .
Sir William Fenwick , 2nd Baronet ( c. 1617 - 9 July 1676 ) , was an English landowner and politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1645 and 1676 .
Frieda Lauth ( 1879 London - 4 May 1949 Durban ) was a South African botanical artist who emigrated to Natal with her parents in 1882 .
Grey Beard ( b : ? , d. 1875 ) was a Southern Cheyenne medicine man and chief .
Carl Adolph Grevesmühl ( 1744 - -1827 ) was a Swedish businessman from Stockholm .
General Maha Bandula ( Burmese : မဟာဗန္ဓုလ ( məhà bàɴdṵla̰ ) ; 6 November 1782 -- 1 April 1825 ) was commander - in - chief of the Royal Burmese Armed Forces from 1821 until his death in 1825 in the First Anglo - Burmese War .
Sir Richard Kaye , 6th Baronet , FRS ( 1736 - -25 December 1809 ) was an English churchman and scientist .
Pierre Guffroy ( 22 April 1926 -- 27 September 2010 ) was a French production designer and art director .
Sai Jinhua ( traditional Chinese : 賽金花 ; simplified Chinese : 赛金花 ; pinyin : Sài Jīnhuā ; Wade -- Giles : Sai Chin - hua ; `` Prettier Than Golden Flower '' ; circa 1872 - 1936 ) was a Chinese courtesan who became the acquaintance of Alfred von Waldersee .
Clemente Biondetti ( 18 August 1898 -- 24 February 1955 ) was an Italian auto racing driver .
Richard C. Snyder ( 21 August 1916 -- 9 December 1997 ) was an American political scientist who specialized in foreign policy .
Scott Sherrin ( London , 31 May 1972 - March 1996 ) was a multi - talented child star .
Monsignor John Joseph Egan ( 9 October 1916 -- 19 May 2001 ) was an American Roman Catholic priest and social activist .
Benedict of Poland ( Latin : Benedictus Polonus , Polish Benedykt Polak ) ( ca . 1200 -- ca . 1280 ) was a Polish Franciscan friar , traveler , explorer , and interpreter .
F. D. Benteen ( died 1864 ) was an American sheet music publisher and composer during the 19th century , based out of Baltimore , Maryland .
Lord Pretender ( 8 September 1917 -- 22 January 2002 ) was the stage name of Aldric Farrell , M.O.M. , H.B.M. a calypsonian vocalist born on the island of Tobago widely acknowledged to be a `` master '' of extempo , a lyrically improvised form of calypso music considered a forerunner of rap .
Connie Ediss ( 11 August 1871 -- 18 April 1934 ) was an English actress best known as a buxom , good - humoured comedienne in many of the popular Edwardian musical comedies around the turn of the 20th century .
George van Parris ( died 1551 ) was a Dutch Arian , who was burnt at the stake in London by his fellow Protestants .
Annie Shepley Omori ( 1856 -- 1943 ) was an American artist , activist , and translator .
Dame Anne Mills McEwen DBE ( 1900 -- 10 February 1967 ) , known as Annie McEwen , was an Australian social activist , and the wife of John McEwen ( who after her death became Prime Minister of Australia ) .
Edgar Krahn ( 1 October ( O.S. 19 September ) 1894 in Laiuse Parish -- 6 March 1961 ) was an Estonian mathematician .
Augustus Henry Fox ( c. 1822 - -1895 ) was a painter who exhibited three works at the Royal Academy .
Hua Tuo ( c. 140 - -208 ) , courtesy name Yuanhua , was an ancient Chinese physician who lived in the late Eastern Han Dynasty .
George Hewitt Cushman ( June 5 , 1814 in Windham , Connecticut -- August 3 , 1876 in Jersey City Heights , New Jersey ) was a top American engraver and painter of miniature paintings and portraits of his time ( second only to Edward Greene Malbone ) .
Frank Sturdy Sinnatt FRS ( 4 May 1880 - 27 January 1943 ) was a British fuel engineer .
Annie French ( 1873 - -1965 ) was a Scottish painter , engraver , illustrator , and designer associated with the Glasgow School .
Sharad Vaidya ( 7 March 1936 - 19 October 2000 ) was an Indian surgeon who specialized in cancer surgery .
Patrick Oliver Walsh ( 13 July 1937 -- 9 March 1996 ) , better known as Ollie Walsh , was an Irish sportsperson .
Wally Powell ( 31 March 1878 -- 7 July 1945 ) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Margaret R. Manning ( died 1984 ) was an American journalist and book reviewer .
Fanchea died c. 585 of natural causes and is buried at Killane , Ireland .
Sayyid Muhammad ibn Ali as - Senussi ( 1787 - -1859 ) was the founder of the Senussi order .
Ivo Krbek ( 23 August 1890 -- 17 January 1966 ) was a Croatian politician , lawyer , lecturer , and academic in the Kingdom of Yugoslavia , the Independent State of Croatia , and the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia .
George Henry Bolsover CBE OBE ( 18 November 1910 -- 15 April 1990 ) was the director of the School of Slavonic and East European Studies at the University of London from 1947 - -76 .
Guy XIII de Laval , born Jean de Montfort , ( 1385- 14 August 1414 , Rhodes ) was seigneur of Laval and of Kergorlay .
Edward Atkyns Bray ( 1778 - -1857 ) was a British poet , vicar , and miscellaneous writer .
John Skehan ( 1922 -- 18 November 1992 ) was a prolific broadcaster on RTÉ , radio and television , for four decades .
Carlos Olivier ( Carlos Raúl Fernández Olivier ) ( 26 January 1952 -- 22 January 2007 ) , was a Venezuelan actor , famous for his roles in telenovelas , including Leonela , El País de las Mujeres , Viva la Pepa , Las González , Engañada , and Los Querendones .
Lê Quý Đôn ( 黎貴惇 , 1726 - -1784 ) was an 18th - century Vietnamese philosopher , poet , encyclopedist , and government official .
Johann Flierl ( 16 April 1858 -- 30 September 1947 ) , was a pioneer Lutheran missionary in New Guinea .
Elise Otté ( 30 September 1818 -- 20 December 1903 ) was an Anglo - Danish linguist , scholar and historian .
John Buzzell ( 1766 - 1863 ) was an early proponent of the Free Will Baptist Church , a Christian author , and a preacher .
Caleb Evans ( 25 July 1831 -- 16 September 1886 ) , was an English geologist .
Sam You d ( 16 April 1922 -- 3 February 2012 ) , known professionally as Christopher Samuel You d , was a British writer , best known for science fiction under the pseudonym John Christopher , including the novels The Death of Grass , The Possessors , and the young - adult novel series The Tripods .
Wondosson Kassa , also known as Wond Wossen Kassa , ( 1903 -- 19 December 1936 ) was a member of the royalty of the Ethiopian Empire , an army commander , and a patriot .
John Hollings or Hollins , M.D. ( 1683?--1739 ) was an English physician .
Benjamin C. Marsh ( 1878 - 1952 ) was a social worker , journalist , and Georgist activist who helped pioneer the city planning movement in the United States .
Dame Marjorie Parker , DBE ( 1900 -- 18 February 1991 ) , known as Margot Parker , was an Australian civic and political activist who was created a Dame Commander of the Order of the British Empire in 1977 .
Joseph Kleitsch ( 1882 - -1931 ) was a Hungarian - American portrait and plein air painter who holds a high place in the early California School of Impressionism .
Joseph P. Guth ( 1860-April 1928 ) was a popular civil engineer , architect and builder in Omaha , Nebraska starting in the 1880s .
Emmanuele Vitale ( 30 April 1758 -- 8 October 1802 ) was a Maltese notary , commander and statesman .
Harold Barnwell died on 25 August 1917 while test flying the prototype Vickers Vampire night fighter at Joyce Green , Kent .
William Dorrinton ( 29 April 1809 -- 8 November 1848 ) was an English cricketer for Kent , Hampshire , Suffolk and the Marylebone Cricket Club in a 94 - -match first -- class career which began in 1836 and lasted until 1847 , a year before his death .
Sir Henry Vere Huntley ( 1795 -- 7 May 1864 ) was an English naval officer and colonial administrator .
Yitzchok Yaakov Weiss ( 1902 - -1989 ) , also known as the Minchas Yitzchak , was a prominent Dayan , Halachic authority and Talmudic scholar .
Edwin Brockholst Livingston ( 1852 - 1929 ) was an amateur historian .
Amalie Mathilde Bauerle ( 12 November 1873 -- 4 March 1916 ) , known as Amelia Bauerle , was a British painter , illustrator and etcher .
Samuel Parsons Scott ( 8 July 1846 -- 30 May 1929 ) , known as S.P. Scott , was an American attorney , banker , and scholar .
William Neil Tompkins ( 15 January 1927 -- 20 February 1991 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Geelong in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Florence Esté ( 1860 - -1926 ) was an American painter in oils , watercolors and pastels and an etcher and engraver , born in Cincinnati , Ohio .
Bert Carey ( 30 May 1905 -- 10 July 1994 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Fitzroy and Hawthorn in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Beulah Elfreth Kennard ( August 3 , 1869 -- after 1944 ) was the educational director of the Association of Department Store Workers , president of the Pennsylvania Association of Women Workers , and president of the Pittsburgh Playground Association from 1900 to 1918 .
Erica Reiner ( 4 August 1924 -- 31 December 2005 ) was an American Assyriologist and author .
Bin Bucheng ( simplified Chinese : 宾步程 ; traditional Chinese : 賓步程 ; pinyin : Bīn Bùchéng ; 12 January 1880- 27 December 1943 ) was a Chinese politician and educator .
Sid Waddell ( 10 August 1940 -- 11 August 2012 ) was an English sports commentator and television personality .
Elijah Masinde ( also spelt Elija Masinde ) ( 1910 - -12 ( ? ) --1987 ) was a Bukusu freedom - fighter .
Arthur René Jean Baptiste Bavay ( 29 April 1840 , Lamballe -- 1923 ) was a French pharmacist , herpetologist and malacologist .
Bobby Haarms ( 8 March 1934 -- 6 June 2009 ) was a Dutch professional football player and coach .
Helen Margaret Gilkey ( 1886 - -1972 ) was a pioneering mycologist and botanist .
Sir William Leighton ( /ˈleɪtən/ ; c. 1565 - -1622 ) was an Elizabethan composer and editor who published The Teares and Lamentatacions of a Sorrowfull Soule ( 1614 ) which comprised 55 pieces by 21 composers ( among them John Bull , William Byrd , John Dowland and Martin Peerson ) , including eight by himself .
Hartley Howard ( 1908 - -1979 ) was a pen name of Leopold Horace Ognall , a British crime novelist .
Henry George Keith ( 1899 - 1982 ) , known as Harry Keith , was a British forester and plant collector .
Edmond André Coralie Schietekat ( 17 December 1933 -- 19 October 1981 ) pseudonym Paul Snoek , was a Belgian poet .
Marek Weber ( 24 October 1888 - 9 February 1964 ) was a German violinist and bandleader .
Robert Furber ( 1674 - -1756 ) was a British horticulturist and author , best known for writing the first seed catalogue produced in England .
John Mahony ( 1863 - -1943 ) was a famous Irish sportsperson .
Wilhelm Zander ( 22 April 1911 -- 27 September 1974 ) was an adjutant to Martin Bormann during World War II . He survived the war and died in Munich in 1974 .
Ralph Keene ( 1902 - -1963 ) was an Indian - born British screenwriter , producer and film director .
George William Card , F.G.S. , A.R.S.M. ( ? -- 2 June 1943 ) was an Australian petrographer .
Peter Furneaux ( 12 October 1935 -- 2 December 2014 ) was an English football club chairman and investor .
Viv Thicknesse ( 1910 - -1986 ) was an Australian dual - code rugby half - back , a state representative in both rugby league and rugby union .
Farnobius ( died AD 377 ) was a Gothic chief who was killed in a battle with the Roman army of Frigeridus while trying to cross the mountains from Thrace into Illyricum .
Thomas Worsnop ( 2 February 1821 -- 24 January 1898 ) was an Australian colonial militia , historian , local government official and town clerk .
Olive Riley ( 20 October 1899 -- 12 July 2008 ) was an Australian centenarian woman , born in Broken Hill , New South Wales , believed for a time to have been the world 's oldest online personal blogger .
Kei Suma ( Japanese : すまけい ; 4 September 1935 -- 7 December 2013 ) was a Japanese film and television actor , whose career spanned 25 years .
George Enoch Grayson ( 1833 ( or 1834 ) -- 7 November 1912 ) , usually known as G. E. Grayson , was an English architect who practised in Liverpool .
Philip Hutchins Rogers ( 1794 - -1853 ) was an English marine and landscape painter .
Abu Abdallah Mohammed ibn Qasim ibn Zakur ( died 1708 ) was a Moroccan poet , historian and travel writer from Fes .
Gao Jian ( 576 -- February 14 , 647 ) , courtesy name Shilian , better known as Gao Shilian , formally Duke Wenxian of Shen ( 申文獻公 ) , was a chancellor of the Tang dynasty .
André Gagnaux ( died February 1996 ) , who was a Swiss , was the first President of the World Confederation of Billiard Sports ( WCBS ) and the former President of the Union Mondiale de Billard ( UMB ) .
Jabez Carter Hornblower ( 21 May 1744 -- 14 July 1814 ) was an English pioneer of steam power , and the son of Jonathan Hornblower .
Marie - Denise Villers ( née Lemoine ; 1774 -- 19 August 1821 ) was a French painter who specialized in portraits .
Joseph Dickson ( April 1745 -- April 1825 ) was an American politician and soldier who represented North Carolina 's 1st district in the United States House of Representatives from 1799 1801 , and would later serve in the Tennessee House of Representatives .
Giovanni Battista Pagliari ( 1741- January 8 , 1816 ) was an Italian painter and art restorer .
Sir William Moleyns ( 1378 - -1425 ) , from Stoke Poges , Buckinghamshire , was an English politician .
Juan Lovera ( 11 July 1776 , Caracas - 29 January 1841 , Caracas ) was a Venezuelan painter , best known for his portraits and historical scenes relating to his country 's independence movement .
Sir James Stonhouse , 11th Baronet ( 1716 - -1795 ) was an English physician and cleric , known as a hospital founder and religious writer .
Hildegarde of Burgundy ( c. 1056 - -1104 ) was a French noblewoman .
Vincent Contenson ( born at Altivillare ( Gers ) , Diocese of Condon , 1641 ; died Creil - sur - Oise , 26 December 1674 ) was a French Dominican theologian and preacher .
Elizabeth Lowell Putnam ( 2 February 1862 - 1935 ) was born ( as Bessie Lowell ) in Boston , Massachusetts , the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Augustus Lowell of Boston .
Kebek Sultan Oghlan ( died c. 1472 ) was Khan of eastern Moghulistan ( Uyghurstan ) from 1468 or 1469 until his death .
Fred C. Blanck ( October 14 , 1881 -- 1965 ) was an American food scientist who was involved in the founding of the Institute of Food Technologists ( IFT ) which was involved in the publishing of food and nutrition articles and books .
Bade Ghulam Ali Khan ( Devanagari:बड़े ग़ुलाम अली ख़ान , Shahmukhi / Urdu : بڑے غلام علی خان ) ( c. 2 April 1902 -- 23 April 1968 ) was a Hindustani classical vocalist , from the Kasur Patiala Gharana .
William Field Porter ( 1784 - -1869 ) was a ship owner from Liverpool , who migrated to South Australia in 1839 .
Thistle Yolette Harris ( born 29 July 1902 and died 5 July 1990 ) , also known as Thistle Stead , was an Australian botanist , educator , author and conservationist .
Arturo Vergara Medina ( 1928 - 1986 ) , better known by his stage name Bentot or Ben Cosca , was a Filipino comedian and vaudevillian who spent most of his career under LVN Pictures .
Jean Joseph Guieu , also Jean Guyeux , ( 30 September 1758 - 5 October 1817 ) joined the French royal army and quickly rose in rank during the French Revolutionary Wars .
Dr Edith Clara Batho ( 21 September 1895 -- 21 January 1986 ) was Principal of Royal Holloway College , University of London ( RHC ) from 1945 - 1962 .
John Raymond Hobbs MRCS , FRCP , FRCPath , FRCPaed ( 17 April 1929 -- 13 July 2008 ) was a professor who was at the forefront of the techniques of clinical immunology , protein biochemistry and bone marrow transplantation , specifically in child health .
Rodrig Goliescu ( 1882 - -1942 ) was a Romanian inventor , engineer , and Lieutenant , who built the avioplan , the first airplane with a tubular fuselage . The model , with a length of 1.2 m was successfully tested in 1909 , having a take off angle of 30 degrees .
Astrid Hjertenæs Andersen ( 5 September 1915 -- 21 April 1985 ) was a Norwegian poet and travel - writer .
Henry , Duke of Parma and Piacenza ( Italian : Enrico Maria Alberto Ferdinando Carlo Pio Luigi Antonio di Borbone - Parma e Piacenza ; 13 June 1873 -- 16 November 1939 ) was the head of the House of Bourbon - Parma and the pretender to the defunct throne of Parma from 1907 to 1939 .
Mario Pirani Coen ( 3 August 1925 -- 18 April 2015 ) was an Italian journalist , economist , and writer .
George Courtney Benson ( 1886 - -1960 ) was an Australian painter , muralist and cartoonist , and an official war artist during World War I.
Santiago Martínez Delgado ( 1906 - -1954 ) was a Colombian painter , sculptor , art historian and writer .
John Farr Abbott , sometimes Abbot ( 1756 -- 22 September 1794 ) was a British barrister .
Victor - Alphonse Huard ( born Joseph - Alphonse , sometimes given as Joseph - Victor Alphonse ; 28 February 1853 - -15 October 1929 ) was a French - Canadian churchman , naturalist , writer and editor .
Arthur Staples ( 2 February 1899 -- 1965 ) was an English footballer who played in the Football League for Mansfield Town .
Caleb Gibbs ( 1748 - -1818 ) was the first commander of the Commander - in - Chief 's Guard , the unit that protected General George Washington during the American Revolutionary War .
Victor Keppler ( 1904 -- 2 December 1987 ) was an American commercial photographer and author .
Haralamb H. Georgescu ( 1908 - -1977 ) , also known as Harlan Georgesco , was a twentieth century Romanian - American modernist architect .
Peter Maag ( Ernst Peter Johannes Maag ) ( 10 May 1919 -- 16 April 2001 ) was a Swiss conductor .
John William Woolsey ( 26 July 1767 -- 9 May 1853 ) was a Canadian businessman born at Quebec .
Joe Slater ( 29 November 1888 -- 3 May 1917 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Geelong in the Victorian Football League .
Walter de Stapledon ( or Stapeldon ) ( 1 February 1261 -- 15 October 1326 ) was Bishop of Exeter 1308 - -1326 and twice Lord High Treasurer of England , in 1320 and 1322 .
Princess Patricia of Connaught ( Victoria Patricia Helena Elizabeth ; later Lady Patricia Ramsay ; 17 March 1886 -- 12 January 1974 ) was a granddaughter of Queen Victoria .
Father Nicholas Couris ( born 1896 - died 3(16 ) August 1977 ) was an officer in the Imperial Russian Army , and combat veteran of the White Army during the Russian Civil War , and , in his old age , a priest of the Russian Orthodox Church Outside Russia stationed in Dublin , Ireland .
Thomas John Barnardo ( 4 July 1845 -- 19 September 1905 ) was an Irish philanthropist and founder and director of homes for poor children .
Louise Wensel ( December 24 , 1918 -- February 13 , 2005 ) , was a Doctor of Medicine and political candidate and activist .
Edith Constance Holme ( 7 October 1880 -- 17 June 1955 ) , married name Punchard , was an English writer and playwright .
Stephen of Senlis ( died 6 May 1142 ) was archdeacon of Notre Dame de Paris .
Robert Boyd , 1st Lord Boyd ( died c. 1482 ) Lord Boyd , was a Scottish statesman .
Christopher ( John Williams ) Nesham ( 1771 --4 November 1853 ) , admiral , born in 1771 , was son of Christopher Nesham , a captain in the 63rd regiment , by his wife Mary Williams , sister of William Peere Williams - Freeman , admiral of the fleet .
Loyal Oakley ( 20 November 1898 -- 4 July 1990 ) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Richmond in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Zevulun Hammer ( Hebrew : זבולון המר‎ , 31 May 1936 -- 20 January 1998 ) was an Israeli politician , minister and Deputy Prime Minister .
Juan Antonio Pérez López ( 1934 - -1996 ) was a Spanish business theorist .
John Weiss ( 28 June 1818 -- 9 March 1879 ) was an American author and clergyman , as well as a noted abolitionist .
Gommaert van der Gracht or Gommaer van der Gracht ( c. 1590 - 1639 ) was a Flemish painter and draughtsman mainly known for his still life and landscape paintings .
Raymond Barkway ( 1924 - -1956 ) ran the 110 M high hurdles for Great Britain in the 1948 London Olympics .
Peta Nocona 's wife and children were captured and his band scattered on December 18 , 1860 by Captain Lawrence Sullivan Ross and his Texas Rangers and Militia at the Battle of Pease River .
Petion Savain ( 15 February 1906 - -1973 ) was a prolific Haitian artist and writer .
William George Storm ( 1826 - -1892 ) was a Canadian architect who designed a number of prominent monuments in Toronto .
Don Charles ( 10 December 1933 -- 4 December 2005 ) was a popular English ballad singer , and record producer , and later in his life , a writer of a self - help book .
Ole Edvard Borgen ( 8 November 1925 -- 24 March 2009 ) was a Norwegian theologian and Methodist bishop .
Beniamino Carelli ( 9 May 1833 -- 14 February 1921 ) was a celebrated Italian singing teacher and composer .
Fox Maule - Ramsay , 11th Earl of Dalhousie KT GCB PC ( 22 April 1801 -- 6 July 1874 ) , known as Fox Maule before 1852 , as The Lord Panmure between 1852 and 1860 , was a British politician .
Charlotte Aglaé d'Orléans , ( 20 October 1700 -- 19 January 1761 ) was the Duchess of Modena and Reggio by marriage .
Margaret Maxwell Inglis ( née Murray ; 27 October 1774 -- 21 December 1843 ) was a Scottish poet commended by Robert Burns .
Terje Bergstad ( 14 October 1938 -- 7 February 2014 ) was a Norwegian painter and printmaker .
Berta Singerman Begun ( Belarusian : Берта Сінгерман ; 9 September 1901 -- 10 December 1998 ) , better known as Berta Singerman , was a Belarusian - Argentine singer and actress .
Kamal Haydar ( 1933 - -1980 ) was a short story writer from southern Yemen .
Nathaniel Colver ( born in Orwell , Vermont , 10 May 1794 ; died in Chicago , 25 December 1870 ) was a United States Baptist clergyman .
Charles Howard , 3rd Earl of Carlisle , PC ( c.1669 -- 1 May 1738 ) was a British statesman and member of the peerage of England .
Harold Koplow ( November 21 , 1940 -- November 4 , 2004 ) , an American computer scientist and one of the early developers of office automation equipment , was raised in Lynn , Massachusetts .
Sigurd Engelstad ( August 2 , 1914 - - January 16 , 2006 ) was a Norwegian genealogist and archivist .
Abraham Godijn or Abraham Godyn ( alternative spellings of family name : Goddijn and Abraham Goddyn ) ( 1655/56 -- after 1724 ) was a Flemish painter who , after a stay in Italy , worked for a time as a court painter in Prague where he produced magnificent Baroque frescos .
Georg II , Duke of Saxe - Meiningen ( Meiningen , 2 April 1826 -- Wildungen , 25 June 1914 ) , was the penultimate Duke of Saxe - Meiningen , reigning from 1866 to 1914 .
Giovanni Battista de Marinis ( died 1669 ) was the Master of the Order of Preachers from 1650 to 1669 .
Fănică Luca ( born Ştefan Luca Iordache ; 5 April 1894 -- 26 October 1968 ) was a Romani - Romanian musician and a pan pipe ( nai or musical in Romanian ) virtuoso , who was the first to make this instrument popular outside his own country .
Michalis Vardanis ( Greek : Μιχάλης Βαρδάνης , 1936 -- 14 January 2014 ) was a Greek Army officer , lawyer and a major figure in the resistance against the Regime of the Colonels .
Baba Faja Martaneshi ( 1910 - 18 March 1947 ) was an Albanian Bektashi baba ( Sufi ) and a resistance leader during the National Liberation War of the Albanian People .
Ryszard S. Michalski died on 20 September 2007 from cancer at his home in Fairfax .
In 1869 he was visited by his old friend and sometime rival Trelawny , who found him constant and `` always faithful and honest in his love of Shelley '' Thomas Medwin died on 2 August 1869 , at the house of his brother Pilford Medwin ( 1794 -1880)(right)in the Carfax in Horsham in West Sussex .
William Salmon ( 1644 - -1713 ) was English empiric doctor , advertising himself as `` Professor of Physick '' , and a writer of medical texts .
Cuthbert Burby ( died 1607 ) was a London bookseller and publisher of the Elizabethan and early Jacobean eras .
Vince Sulyok ( 7 July 1932 -- 9 August 2009 ) was a Hungarian - Norwegian librarian and poet .
Louis Enricht ( 1844 - 1923 ) was a US inventor who claimed that he had invented a substitute for gasoline .
Lukas Furtenagel , ( 1505 - -1546 ) was a German painter .
Salah Boubnider ( 1929 -- 27 May 2005 ) was an Algerian National Liberation Army colonel who was among the first to join the fight for independence .
Chief Ma - Ko - Ko - Mo ( 1775 - -1838 ) , sometimes referred as Koh - Koh - Mah or Kokomoko , was a chief of the Miami .
Anna Gertrude Hall ( 1882 - -1967 ) was a well known children and adolescents author .
Vivian Mercier ( 1919 - -1989 ) was an Irish literary critic .
Edward Wigglesworth ( c. 1693 - -1765 ) was a clergyman , teacher and theologian in Colonial America .
André Nelis ( 29 October 1935 -- 9 December 2012 ) was a sailor and Olympian .
Roman Artymowski ( born August 11 , 1919 in Lviv - February , 1993 in Łowicz ) was a Polish painter .
Renu Saluja ( Punjabi:ਰੇਣੁ ਸਲੂਜਾ , Hindi : रेणु सलुजा ) ( 5 July 1952 -- 16 August 2000 ) was an Indian film editor .
Reginald Alec Martin ( 1908 - -1971 ) was a British author of a variety of children 's series and other novels .
Joseph Barber ( 1757 -- 16 July 1811 ) was an English landscape painter and art teacher , and an early member of the Birmingham School of landscape painters .
María Luisa Pérez - Caballero Moltó ( 1923 - -1995 ) , commonly known by her stage name Marilú Elízaga , was a Spanish actress of theatre , television , and film .
S. E. Krupa Rao ( 1939 - -1993 ) was a Pastor of the Protestant Convention of Baptist Churches of Northern Circars where he held leadership positions in the Church society whose area of operation extended from Srikakulam District in the northern circars along the Bay of Bengal right through seven districts up to Guntur District .
Kotla Vijaya Bhaskara Reddy ( 16 August 1920 -- 27 September 2001 ) was the chief minister of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh on two occasions , in 1983 and then from 1992 to 1994 .
Jason Farradane , born Jason Lewkowitch ( 29 September 1906 -- 27 June 1989 ) was a Polish - born British librarian .
György Sándor ( Hungarian pronunciation : ( ˈɟørɟ ˈʃaːndor ) ; 21 September 1912 -- 9 December 2005 ) was a Hungarian pianist and writer .
Sir John Plowright Houfton ( 13 December 1857 -- 18 November 1929 ) was a British colliery owner and politician from Mansfield in Nottinghamshire .
Matthew Derbyshire Mann ( 1844 - -1921 ) was one of the physicians who attended President William McKinley after he had been shot by Leon Czolgosz .
Francisco de la Torre ( floruit 1483 - -1504 ) was a Spanish composer mainly active in the Kingdom of Naples .
Francis X. Murphy ( June 16 , 1914 - -2002 ) was a Redemptorist chaplain and theology professor .
John Duncan Martin Derrett ( more usually J Duncan M Derrett ) ( 30 August 1922 -- 21 October 2012 ) was Professor of Oriental Laws in the University of London , from 1965 to 1982 , and afterwards Emeritus Professor .
Jeremiah Colegrove ( 31 July 1758 -- 26 August 1836 ) was born to William Colegrove in Scituate , Rhode Island .
Dr. Orison Swett Marden ( 1848 - -1924 ) was an American inspirational author who wrote about achieving success in life and founded SUCCESS magazine in 1897 .
Sándor Nemes , also known as Alexander Neufeld ( 25 September 1899 -- 27 October 1977 ) was an Hungarian football player and menager .
Esta Henry or Esther Henry ( 1883 - -1963 ) was an antique dealer in Edinburgh , Scotland .
Qian Shizhen ( Chinese : 錢世楨 ; 1561 - -1642 ) was a Ming dynasty general who participated in the Imjin war .
Uberto Mori ( 28 January 1926 -- 6 September 1989 ) was an Italian layman who served as a lecturer in Bologna and was also an entrepreneur .
Anne of Auvergne also known as Anna d'Auvergne ( 1358 -- Moulins 22 September 1417 ) was the only child of Beraud II , Dauphin of Auvergne and his first wife Jeanne of Forez .
John Thomas Donovan ( 1878 -- 17 January 1922 ) was an Irish barrister and nationalist politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1914 to 1918 .
Edwin Henry Mason Smith died on in the Cornwell Public Hospital , Epsom , Auckland on 15 October 1971 at an age of 85 and was buried at Waikumete Cemetery on the 16th .
Ernest Phipps ( 1900 - -1963 ) was an Old Time Country musician and Southern Gospel singer best known for his recordings at the Bristol Sessions in 1928 .
Edward E. Simbalist ( 5 September 1943 -- 12 March 2005 ) was a role - playing game designer .
Tibor Perecsi ( 18 October 1941 -- 17 February 2014 ) was a Hungarian footballer , who was part of the Ferencváros team that won the 1964 - -65 Inter - Cities Fairs Cup .
Yang Zaisi ( 楊再思 ) ( died 709 ) , formally Duke Gong of Zheng ( 鄭恭公 ) , was an official of the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty and Wu Zetian 's Zhou Dynasty , serving several times as chancellor during the reigns of Wu Zetian and her son Emperor Zhongzong .
Heinrich Neal ( September 11 , 1870 -- 1940 ) was a German Capellmeister at Heidelberg , born to the artist David Dalhoff Neal and Marie Ainmiller , and brother to dramatist Maximilian Dalhoff Neal .
Per Ulven ( 31 October 1925 -- 15 December 2009 ) is a Norwegian harness racer .
John Fulford ( died 12 June 1518 ) was an English archdeacon .
Serafino Tramezzini or Tramazzini ( Ascoli Piceno , January 21 , 1859 - 1893 ) was an Italian sculptor .
Nicholas Skerrett ( died 1583 ) was a Roman Catholic clergyman who was Archbishop of Tuam in Ireland from 1580 to 1583 .
Salauddin Mumtaz ( Bengali : সালাহউদ্দিন মমতাজ ; 1945 -- 31 July 1971 ) was a military officer who fought for the separatist side in the 1971 Bangladeshi War of Independence .
Henry Robert Morland ( 1716/1719 -- 30 November 1797 ) was an English portrait painter , best remembered for a portrait of King George III , and for being the father of the animal painter George Morland .
Magdalena Stenbock ( 14 September 1649 -- 24 January 1727 ) , was a politically active Swedish countess and salon holder .
Sverre Brodahl ( 26 January 1909 -- 2 November 1998 ) was a Norwegian Nordic skier who competed in the 1930s .
Monte Montague ( 23 April 1891 -- 6 April 1959 ) was the stage name for Walter H. Montague , an American film actor .
John Sotheby ( 1740 - -1807 ) was an English auctioneer , who is the eponym of the famous auction house Sotheby 's .
Lillian Exum Clement ( 1894 - -1925 ) , also known as Lillian Stafford after marrying , was the first woman elected to the North Carolina General Assembly and the first woman to serve in any state legislature in the Southern United States .
Chaudhry Fateh Muhammad Sial ( 1887 - -1960 ) was a companion of Mirza Ghulam Ahmad and the first Ahmadi Muslim missionary sent from India , under the leadership of Hakeem Noor - ud - Din , the first Khalifa of the Ahmadiyya movement .
Al Fagaly ( 5 January 1909 - 23 April 1963 ) was a U.S. cartoonist and creator of the Super Duck and There Oughta Be a Law ! comic strips .
Zena Dare ( 4 February 1887 -- 11 March 1975 ) was an English singer and actress who was famous for her performances in Edwardian musical comedy and other musical theatre and comedic plays in the first half of the 20th century .
Walter de Saleron ( aka Walter of London ) , sixth Archbishop of Tuam , 1257 - 1258 .
Alexander W. Brewster ( 5 June 1796 - 6 May 1851 ) was a prominent merchant and manufacturer , as well as a politician and educator in Erie , Pennsylvania .
Wang Xiang ( 185 - -269 ) , courtesy name Xiuzheng ( 休徵 ) , was a minister of the state of Cao Wei during the Three Kingdoms period .
Louise Gibson Annand - MacFarquhar MBE ( 27 May 1915 -- 6 January 2012 ) was a Scottish painter and film - maker .
Terry Hollindrake ( 21 December 1934 -- 29 January 2015 ) was an English professional rugby league footballer of the 1950s and 1960s , playing at representative level for Great Britain and Yorkshire , and at club level for Keighley , Hull and Bramley .
Princess Januária of Brazil ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( ʒɐnuˈaɾiɐ mɐˈɾiɐ ) ; Januária Maria Joana Carlota Leopoldina Cândida Francisca Xavier de Paula Micaela Gabriela Rafaela Gonzaga ; 11 March 1822 -- 13 March 1901 ) was a Brazilian princess and Portuguese infanta ( princess ) .
Henry Addington , 1st Viscount Sidmouth , PC ( 30 May 1757 -- 15 February 1844 ) was a British statesman who served as Prime Minister from 1801 to 1804 .
Susanne Lothar ( 15 November 1960 -- 21 July 2012 ) was a German film , television and stage actress .
Ana Rosa Tornero ( 1907 - -1984 ) was a Bolivian writer , journalist , teacher , social reformer and a feminist .
Jack Suchet ( 10 May 1908 -- 9 September 2001 ) was a South African - born English consultant obstetrician and gynaecologist , who carried out research on the use of penicillin in the treatment of venereal disease with Sir Alexander Fleming in London .
Mingyi Nyo died on 24 November 1530 , and was succeeded by his son Tabinshweti .
Charles Rich , 4th Earl of Warwick ( 28 June 1611 -- 29 May 1673 ) , styled The Honourable Charles Rich until 1658 , was an English peer and politician .
Valery Ustyuzhin ( Russian : Валерий Устюжин , 1945 -- 2 September 2010 ) was a Soviet heavyweight weightlifter .
Hillel Seidel ( Hebrew : הלל זיידל‎ , 9 October 1920 -- 14 February 1999 ) was an Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for the Independent Liberals and Likud between 1974 and 1981 .
Muhammad Ibrahim Nugud ( 1930 -- 22 March 2012 ) was a Sudanese politician who was Secretary - General of the Sudanese Communist Party .
Sami al - Jundi ( 1921 - 1996 ) was a Syrian Ba'athist politician , and a follower of Michel Aflaq .
Cornelio Da Montalcino was a Franciscan friar who had embraced Judaism , and was burned alive on the Campo dei Fiori in Rome , Italy , in 1554 .
Hermann Georg of Limburg , count of Limburg and Bronckhorst ( 1540 -- 1574 ) , son of Georg of Limburg , count of Limburg and Bronckhorst .
Echthighern mac Cennétig , also spelled Echthigern , ( died 950 ) was a son of Cennétig mac Lorcáin and brother of Mathgamain and Brian Bóruma of the Dál gCais in early medieval Ireland .
Doreen Sloane ( 24 February 1934 in Birkenhead , the Wirral , Cheshire , England , UK -- 8 April 1990 in Liverpool , England , UK ) was an English actress best known for her roles in the soap operas Coronation Street , Emmerdale and Brookside .
Ignaz Kögler ( called Lai in Chinese ) ( 11 May 1680 -- 30 March 1746 ) was a German Jesuit missionary in Qing China .
Don Alfonso Fadrique ( English : Alfonso Frederick , Catalan : N'Anfós Frederic d'Aragó ) ( died 1338 ) was the eldest and illegitimate son of Frederick II of Sicily .
James Gibbon ( 1819 - -1888 ) was a land speculator and politician in Queensland , Australia .
William Howard Hay , MD ( 1866 -- 1940 ) was a New York doctor , author , lecturer , and founder of The East Aurora Sun and Diet Sanatorium .
Sir Frederick Richard Jordan KCMG ( 1881 - -1949 ) was an Australian barrister , the 9th Chief Justice of New South Wales and Lieutenant Governor of New South Wales .
André E. Lalonde ( 1955 - 2012 ) was a Canadian geologist and former dean of the Faculty of Science at the University of Ottawa .
Patti Laursen ( 1927 - -2013 ) was an internationally renowned classical music recording producer .
Lady Dorothea Du Bois ( 1728 - -1774 ) was an Irish writer .
Saint Cera of Ireland ( alternately Chera , Chier , Ciara , Cyra , Keira , Kiara , Cier , Ciar ) was an abbess in the 7th century who died in 679 .
George Arnold Wood ( 7 June 1865 -- 14 October 1928 ) was an English Australian historian notable for writing an early work on Australian history entitled The Discovery of Australia .
Máel Dúin mac Áedo ( died 786 ) was a possible King of Munster from the Eóganacht Locha Léin branch of the Eóganachta .
Elizabeth Percy , Countess of Northumberland ( née Wriothesley ; 1646 -- 19 September 1690 ) , was a British courtier .
John Bonett was the pen name of John Hubert Arthur Coulson ( 10 August 1906 -- 21 January 1989 ) , an English author , best known for numerous mystery and detective novels written in collaboration with his wife , Emery Bonett .
Philibert Jacques Melotte ( 29 January 1880 -- 30 March 1961 ) was a British astronomer whose parents immigrated from Belgium .
George Donne , ( 1605 - 1639 ) , a bit player in the establishment of Virginia , is described by historian Brent Tarter as , `` the less talented son of the clergyman and poet John Donne . ''
Cater Rand ( 9 December 1749 in Lewes , Sussex , England -- 21 December 1825 ) , his father , Charles Rand ? - 1763 had been born in Colchester , Essex , but relocated as a boy to Sussex in 1714 .
Princess Mary Adelaide of Cambridge ( Mary Adelaide Wilhelmina Elizabeth ; 27 November 1833 -- 27 October 1897 ) was a member of the British Royal Family , a granddaughter of George III and great - grandmother of Elizabeth II . She held the title of Duchess of Teck through marriage .
Family BASIC or Famicom BASIC is the consumer product for programming Nintendo 's Family Computer video game console of Japan .
Mega Man Zero 4 , known in Japan as Rockman Zero 4 ( ロックマンゼロ4 , Rokkuman Zero Fō ) in Japan , is a video game developed by Inti Creates and Natsume and published by Capcom for the Game Boy Advance ( GBA ) handheld .
PC Paintbrush is graphics editing software created by the ZSoft Corporation in 1985 for computers running the MS - DOS operating system .
Lords of the Realm is a turn - based strategy computer game published and developed by Impressions Games .
Space Combat is a game produced by Laminar Research to provide a simulation of space combat with accurate physics , unlike most other games of the same genre .
Bumpy Road is a platforming video game developed and published by Simogo for iOS and Mac . The game employs a unique control scheme : the player moves the road under a car instead of the car itself to achieve the objectives of the game .
ESPN International Winter Sports 2002 is a sports video game released in 2002 by Konami .
Arlington Horse Racing is a horse racing arcade game released by Strata / Incredible Technologies in 1990 , based on the Arlington Park race track .
Rick Dangerous is a series of two platform games released by Core Design ( who would later make Tomb Raider ) in the 1980s .
Screen Sharing is a VNC client by Apple Inc. included as part of Mac OS X v10.5 .
Mega Man X4 , originally released in Japan as Rockman X4 ( ロックマンX4 ) , is a video game developed by Capcom .
GT Cube is a racing video game release in 2003 by MTO for GameCube .
The Great Tree is a game that was developed by Reflexive Entertainment .
Arctic Thunder is a snowmobile racing game developed by Midway Games released as an arcade game as well as on Sony PlayStation 2 and Xbox consoles , being a launch title for the latter .
On 5 March 2008 , The KMPlayer 's Forum announced that the KMPlayer had been acquired by Pandora TV ( a Korean streaming video company ) in August 2007 .
MTX Mototrax ( originally under the working title Travis Pastrana 's Pro MotoX ) is a Motocross videogame made by Left Field Productions and published by Activision for the PlayStation 2 and Xbox in 2004 .
Ark Area is a scrolling futuristic shoot 'em up arcade game released by UPL in 1987 in Japan only .
Ninja Gaiden Sigma 2 , stylized as Ninja Gaiden Σ2 , is an enhanced port of the 2008 Xbox 360 video game Ninja Gaiden II , and developed by Team Ninja exclusively for the PlayStation 3 .
Zero Gunner is a shoot 'em up developed by Psikyo and released in 1997 .
Dead or Alive 5 Plus ( stylized as Dead or Alive 5 + and abbreviated to DOA5 + ) is a fighting game in the Dead or Alive series , developed by Team Ninja in partnership with Sega AM2 and released by Tecmo Koei for the PlayStation Vita in March 2013 .
Order Up ! is a cooking simulation - styled mini - game compilation developed by SuperVillain Studios and published by Zoo Games and Funbox Media .
The Pajama Sam series is a collection of point and click children 's adventure and puzzle games originally created by Humongous Entertainment .
Supersonic Racers ( Dare Devil Derby 3D in North America and Japan ) is a racing video game developed by Supersonic Software and published by Mindscape , Inc. for the PlayStation .
Pacific Strike is a World War II combat flight simulator video game developed by Origin Systems and released by Electronic Arts for DOS in 1994 .
PGA Tour Golf Team Challenge is a trackball based golf arcade game series manufactured by Global VR of San Jose , California .
All Star Cheer Squad is a rhythm video game developed by Gorilla Systems Corp for the Wii and Nintendo DS . It was released on October 27 , 2008 .
Previously , Tru64 UNIX was a product of Compaq , and before that , Digital Equipment Corporation ( DEC ) , where it was known as Digital UNIX ( formerly DEC OSF/1 AXP ) .
Madden NFL 08 is an American football video game based on the NFL that was published by EA Sports and developed by EA Tiburon .
Game Party is a video game developed by FarSight Studios and published by Midway Games .
Wild Arms 3 , known in Japan as Wild Arms Advanced 3rd ( ワイルドアームズ アドヴァンスドサード Wairudo Adovansudo S ) , is a role - playing game developed by Media . Vision and Contrail for the PlayStation 2 .
The Movie Monster Game is a 1986 computer game by Epyx .
Bit . Trip Saga ( stylized as BIT.TRIP SAGA ) is a retro - style music video game developed by Gaijin Games and published by Aksys Games for the Nintendo 3DS handheld game console .
RayStorm is a scrolling shooter developed by the Taito Corporation .
Mega Man Zero 2 , known in Japan as Rockman Zero 2 ( ロックマンゼロ2 , Rokkuman Zero Tsū ) , is a video game developed by Inti Creates and published by Capcom for the Game Boy Advance ( GBA ) handheld game console .
Last Ninja 3 is an action - adventure video game that was developed and published by System 3 for the Commodore 64 , Amiga , Atari ST in 1991 .
Might and Magic Mobile is a role - playing video game developed and released in 2004 by Gameloft for mobile phones ( Java ME platform ) .
Disney Sports Soccer , known as Disney Sports Football in Europe , is a 2002 sports video game released by Konami .
Smashing Drive is a racing video game developed and published by Gaelco and distributed by Namco .
Subwar 2050 is a futuristic 3D submarine simulator computer game developed by Particle Systems Ltd. , Michael Powell acting as the lead designer , and published by MicroProse Software , Inc. The game was released in 1993 for DOS and 1994 for Amiga and Amiga CD32 .
LostWinds is a 2008 platform video game developed by Frontier Developments and published for the Wii as a launch title for WiiWare .
IBM SPSS Modeler 14.0 was the first release of Modeler by IBM IBM SPSS Modeler 15 , released in June 2012 , introduced significant new functionality for Social Network Analysis and Entity Analytics .
Great Greed , known in Japan as Bitamīna Oukoku Monogatari ( ビタミーナ王国物語 , lit . `` Vitamina Kingdom Story '' ) , is an environmentally - themed role - playing video game for the Nintendo Game Boy released by Namco in 1992 .
Guild Wars Nightfall is a fantasy Action RPG and the third stand - alone campaign in the Guild Wars computer game series developed by Seattle - based game developer studio ArenaNet , a subsidiary of NCSOFT corporation .
Grandmaster Chess is a 1993 video game to play chess for PC DOS platform develop by IntraCorp and its subsidiary Capstone that was focused on neural network technology and an artificial intelligence ( AI ) able to learn from mistakes .
Toontown Online was a massively multiplayer online role - playing game , developed by Disney Interactive and published by The Walt Disney Company .
Armor Battle is a multiplayer game released by Mattel for its Intellivision video game system in 1979 .
Miner 2049er is a platform video game created by Bill Hogue that was released in 1982 by Big Five Software .
The product was originally developed in the early 1980s by Canadian company Quantum Software Systems , later renamed QNX Software Systems and ultimately acquired by BlackBerry in 2010 .
WWE SmackDown vs. Raw 2007 is a professional wrestling video game released by THQ and developed by Yuke 's Future Media Creators .
NHL Eastside Hockey Manager is an ice hockey management simulation game developed by Sports Interactive ( SI Games ) and published by Sega .
The Apple A6 is a 32-bit package on package ( PoP ) system on a chip ( SoC ) designed by Apple Inc. that was introduced on September 12 , 2012 at the launch of the iPhone 5 .
Cubixx HD is a puzzle game developed by UK - based studio Laughing Jackal released on the PlayStation Network in Europe on August 17 , 2011 and September 20 , 2011 in North America .
Blood Junkie ( originally filmed under the working title Rocky Trails ) is a 2010 American independent comedy horror movie that was written and directed by Drew Rosas .
Vikatakavi ( Malayalam : വികടകവി ) is a 1984 Malayalam film written and directed by Hariharan .
The Joy of Life ( 2005 ) is an experimental landscape documentary by filmmaker Jenni Olson about the history of suicide and the Golden Gate Bridge , and the adventures of a butch lesbian in San Francisco , California .
Pains of Autumn ( Turkish : Güz Sancısı ) is a 2009 Turkish drama film , directed by Tomris Giritlioğlu , based on the novel by Yılmaz Karakoyunlu .
Midnight Mystery is a 1930 American mystery film directed by George B. Seitz , from a screenplay by Beulah Marie Dix , adapted from the play , Hawk Island , by Howard Irving Young .
On January 6 , 2009 UST Inc. was purchased by Altria .
The Italian Regency of Carnaro ( Italian : Reggenza Italiana del Carnaro ) was a self - proclaimed state in the city of Fiume ( now Rijeka , Croatia ) led by Gabriele d'Annunzio between 1919 and 1920 .
The company , initially called `` New British Aerospace '' , was officially formed on 30 November 1999 and known as BAE Systems .
The House of Aviz continued to rule Portugal until Philip II of Spain inherited the Portuguese crown with the Portuguese succession crisis of 1580 .
Credit Suisse legally merged with Clariden Leu on April 2 , 2012 , acquiring all of Clariden Leu 's assets and liabilities and assuming all of its rights and obligations .
The Auckland Province was a province of New Zealand from 1853 until the abolition of provincial government in 1876 .
Silla ( 57 BC -- 935 AD ) ( Korean pronunciation : ( ɕʰilːa ) ) was one of the Three Kingdoms of Korea , and one of the world 's longest sustained dynasties .
In July 2002 , Pharmacia and Pfizer announced an agreement that Pfizer would purchase Pharmacia ; control of celecoxib was often mentioned as a key reason for Pfizer 's acquisition of Pharmacia .
Evoga began bankruptcy procedures and ceased operations in 2004 .
When the Batavian Republic was created in 1795 , the Lordship of Frisia was abolished as a relic of the Ancien Régime .
East Florida ( Spanish : Florida Oriental ) was a colony of Great Britain from 1763 to 1783 and a province of Spanish Florida from 1783 to 1822 .
Xonox was one of many small video game companies to fold during the Video Game Crash of 1983 .
When Æthelflæd died in 918 , Ælfwynn , her daughter by Æthelred , succeeded as ' Second Lady of the Mercians ' , but within six months Edward had deprived her of all authority in Mercia and taken her into Wessex .
The League of Communists of Serbia ( Serbo - Croatian : Savez komunista Srbije , Савез комуниста Србије , SKS ) was the Serbian branch of the League of Communists of Yugoslavia , the sole legal party of Yugoslavia from 1945 to 1990 .
The Turinelli & Pezza was an Italian electric car manufactured only in 1899 .
Alberto - Culver was purchased by the Anglo - Dutch consumer goods company Unilever on September 27 , 2010 for US$ 3.7 billion .
Eskilstunahus County , or Eskilstunahus län , was a county of the Swedish Empire from 1634 to 1683 , named after the county seat of Eskilstuna House .
In 1647 Emperor Ferdinand III separated the `` County of Gradisca '' from Gorizia for his courtier Johann Anton von Eggenberg , until in 1747 both were again merged to form the Princely County of Gorizia and Gradisca , a crown land of the Habsburg Monarchy .
On May 6 , 1990 , Halle - Neustadt merged back into Halle again .
The Dominican Party ( Spanish : Partido Dominicano , PD ) was the de facto only political party in the Dominican Republic during the dictatorship of Rafael Trujillo , who ruled the country from 1930 to 1961 .
Alpha Rho Upsilon ( ΑΡΥ ; usually pronounced ARU ) was a fraternity at Bowdoin College in Brunswick , Maine , from 1946 until it was disbanded in 1990 .
Ruled in personal union with the Electorate of Bavaria from 1777 , the Electoral Palatinate was finally disestablished with the German mediatization in 1803 .
From 1416 to 1860 , the House of Savoy ruled the Duchy of Savoy ( Italian : Savoia , French : Savoie , German : Savoyen ) .
The Cheng Han ( simplified Chinese : 成汉 ; traditional Chinese : 成漢 ; pinyin : Chénghàn ; 303 or 304 - 347 ) was a state of the Sixteen Kingdoms during the Jin Dynasty ( 265 - 420 ) in China .
The Right Honourable Board of Commissioners for the Affairs of India ( commonly known as the India Board or the Board of Control ) was an arm of the Government of the United Kingdom responsible for managing the Government 's interest in British India and the East India Company between 1784 and 1858 .
The Bolognese Republic was proclaimed in 1796 in the Central Italian city of Bologna .
The Juzan was a French automobile manufactured only in 1897 ; it was a light motorised quadricycle along De Dion lines .
At the start of January , 2009 the UIQ Technology filed for bankruptcy .
Established in 1672 for Bernhard , fourth son of Wilhelm , Duke of Saxe - Weimar , Saxe - Jena was reincorporated into Saxe - Weimar on the extinction of Bernhard 's line in 1690 .
Transit New Zealand was merged with Land Transport New Zealand to form the New Zealand Transport Agency ( NZTA ) on 1 August 2008 .
The Khanate of Khiva ( Persian : خانات خیوه‎‎ , Uzbek : ' خیوه خانلیگی ' ) was a Central Asian state that existed in the historical region of Khwarezm from 1511 to 1920 , except for a period of Persian occupation by Nadir Shah between 1740 - -1746 .
In August 2002 , Presto Studios shut down new development after the release of an Xbox title Whacked!.
Rengsjöbilen ( the Rengsjö car ) , Jonsson or just `` Bilen '' ( the car ) was the names given to a series of ten cars made by sawmill owner Anders Jonsson in Rengsjö , Hälsingland between 1914 and 1916 .
Beylik of Çubukoğulları ( Turkish : Çubukoğulları Beyliği , literally `` sons of Çubuk '' ) was a small and short - lived principality in East Anatolia , Turkey between 1085 and 1112 .
The General Captaincy of Chile ( Capitanía General de Chile ) or Gobernación de Chile , was a colony of the Spanish Empire from 1541 to 1818 , the year in which it declared itself independent , becoming the Republic of Chile .
Drug Emporium is the name of a discount drug store corporation , founded in 1977 in Columbus , Ohio , that was sold to several different buyers during 2000 to 2001 .
Renaissance Broadcasting , founded in 1982 by Michael Finkelstien , was a company that owned several UHF television stations , it was sold to Tribune Broadcasting in 1997 .
Argonaut Games plc was a British video game developer , founded in 1982 and liquidated in 2004 .
When The Thomson Corporation merged with Reuters to form Thomson Reuters in April 2008 , Thomson Financial was merged with the business of Reuters to form the Markets Division of Thomson Reuters .
However , there had previously been a `` Chrysler Australia Ltd '' which had operated as a vehicle manufacturer in Australia from 1951 until 1980 .
The Arzac was a small French cyclecar manufactured in Paris from 1926 to 1927 .
Buck Goldstein ( born March 11 , 1948 in Atlanta , Georgia ) is the Entrepreneur in residence and a Professor of Practice in the Department of Economics at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill .
Christopher Elton is a British pianist , former Head of the Keyboard department of the Royal Academy of Music in London and a professor emeritus of the University of London .
Melissa L. Tatum is the research professor of law and director of the Indigenous Peoples Law and Policy Program at the University of Arizona 's James E. Rogers College of Law .
Juan Ramón de la Fuente Ramírez ( born 5 September 1951 in Mexico City ) is a Mexican psychiatrist , academician and politician who served as Secretary of Health in the cabinet of President Ernesto Zedillo ( 1994 - -1999 ) and as rector of the National Autonomous University of Mexico ( UNAM ) from 1999 to 2007 .
Nurith Aviv is Professor at La Fémis ( Paris ) , and was , in 1975 , the first woman in France to be officially recognized as a Director of Photography by the CNC ( Centre National de la cinematographie ) .
Zidane Zeraoui El Awad is a Mexican professor and researcher of Algerian origin who specializes in international relations and the Middle East at the Monterrey Institute of Technology and Higher Education .
Sander Griffioen ( born 31 May 1941 ) is a Dutch philosopher , and Emeritus Professor for intercultural philosophy at the Vrije Universiteit in Amsterdam .
Kristin Ross ( born 1953 ) is a professor of comparative literature at New York University .
Steven Johnston is the American , Neal A. Maxwell Chair in Political Theory , Public Policy , and Public Service in the Department of Political Science at the University of Utah .
Lieutenant general Carlos Alberto dos Santos Cruz is a Brazilian military officer who previously held the post of Force Commander of the United Nations ' peacekeeping force in the Democratic Republic of the Congo ( known by its acronym , MONUSCO ) .
Robert R. Shannon is Professor Emeritus of Optical Sciences at the University of Arizona College of Optical Sciences .
Daniel S. Rokhsar is a professor in the departments of Physics and of Molecular and Cell Biology at University of California , Berkeley and Head of the Plant Genomics Program at the Joint Genome Institute of the United States Department of Energy .
Emery Bopp ( May 13 , 1924 -- February 1 , 2007 ) was an artist and long - time chairman of the Division of Art , Bob Jones University .
Manfred Frank ( born March 22 , 1945 ) is a German philosopher , emeritus professor of philosophy at the University of Tübingen .
Alan Mackworth is a Professor of Computer Science and Canada Research Chair in Artificial Intelligence in the Department of Computer Science at the University of British Columbia .
Karen Brazell held a PhD from Columbia University , and was , until her death , Goldwin Smith Professor Emeritus of Japanese Literature and Theatre at Cornell University .
Daniel W. Drezner ( born August 28 , 1968 ) is an American professor of international politics at The Fletcher School of Law and Diplomacy at Tufts University , an author of books and op - ed pieces , a blogger , and a commentator .
Joel E. Siegel ( 1940 -- 11 March 2004 ) was a professor of English and film studies at Georgetown University , a film and music critic , a music producer , and a lyricist .
Kathrin Bringmann ( born 8 May 1977 ) is a German number theorist in the University of Cologne , Germany , who has made fundamental contributions to the theory of mock theta functions .
Professor John Haffenden FBA FRSL is Emeritus Professor of English Literature at the University of Sheffield .
Lindsay Moran ( born 18 December 1969 ) is a former clandestine officer for the Central Intelligence Agency .
N'Gai Croal is a video game critic and consultant , previously employed by Newsweek , currently involved in his own consultancy company .
Cheick Sidi Diarra ( born 31 May 1957 , in Kayes ) previously served as United Nations Special Adviser on Africa and High Representative for the Least Developed Countries , Landlocked Developing Countries and Small Island Developing States ( OSAA / OHRLLS ) .
Hassan Hanafi ( حسن حنفی ) ( born 1935 in Cairo , Egypt ) is a professor and chairs the philosophy department at Cairo University .
Anjan Chakravartty is an analytic philosopher and a professor of philosophy at the University of Notre Dame .
T. S. Kalyanaraman ( born 1951 ) is an Indian businessman best known as the chairman and managing director of Kalyan Jewellers and Kalyan Developers .
Gwendoline Kirby was a nurse , and matron of Great Ormond Street Hospital .
Ragnar Knoph ( 24 October 1894 -- 25 December 1938 ) was a Norwegian jurist and professor of jurisprudence at the University of Oslo .
Martin Hume Johnson ( born 1944 ) FRS FMedSci FSB FRCOG is Emeritus Professor of Reproductive Sciences in the Department of Physiology , Development and Neuroscience ( PDN ) at the University of Cambridge .
Murray Barnson Emeneau ( February 28 , 1904 -- August 29 , 2005 ) was an emeritus professor and founder of the Department of Linguistics at the University of California , Berkeley .
Susan Schulten is an American historian , and professor at the University of Denver .
Jeffrey A. Harvey ( born February 15 , 1955 in San Antonio , Texas ) is a Professor of Physics and string theorist at University of Chicago .
George Auckland is a UK television and digital media executive , now retired after a long career at the BBC .
Rui Chenggang ( Chinese : 芮成钢 ; pinyin : Ruì Chénggāng ; born September 24 , 1977 ) is a Chinese news anchor and journalist for China 's state - run broadcaster China Central Television .
Kumar Mangalam Birla is an Indian industrialist and the Chairman of the Aditya Birla Group , one of the largest conglomerate corporations in India .
In 1799 Esaias Tegnér , hitherto educated in the country , entered Lund University , where he graduated in philosophy in 1802 , and continued as tutor until 1810 , when he was elected Greek lecturer .
Peter E. Hook ( born 1942 ) is professor emeritus in the Department of Asian Languages and Cultures at the University of Michigan .
Prof . Dr. of Engineering Hiroshi Yasuda ( b.1944 ) is an Emeritus Professor at the University of Tokyo and works as a Consultant for Nippon Telegraph and Telephone .
Samuel Theobald ( November 12 , 1846 -- December 30 , 1930 ) was a clinical professor of ophthalmology and otology at Johns Hopkins University Medical School .
A founding member of Quartet Canada , Ronald Turini was Professor Emeritus of piano performance at the University of Western Ontario , in London , Ontario until 2008 .
Professor Ctirad Uher is the C. Wilbur Peters Collegiate Professor at the University of Michigan in Ann Arbor .
Norman Perrin ( 29 November 1920 - -25 November 1976 ) was an English - born , American biblical scholar at the University of Chicago .
Ban Ki - moon ( Hangul : 반기문 ; hanja : 潘基文 ; born 13 June 1944 ) is a South Korean statesman and politician who is the eighth and current Secretary - General of the United Nations .
Henry Calvert Simons ( October 9 , 1899 -- June 19 , 1946 ) was an American economist at the University of Chicago .
Lyn Yvonne Abramson ( born February 7 , 1950 ) is a professor of psychology at the University of Wisconsin-- Madison .
Ann Saterbak is a Professor and Chair of the Department of Bioengineering at Rice University , and is a co - author of Bioengineering Fundamentals .
Melville Elijah Stone ( August 22 , 1848 -- February 15 , 1929 ) was a newspaper publisher , the founder of the Chicago Daily News , and was the general manager of the reorganized Associated Press .
Richard Alan Cross is Rev. John A. O'Brien Professor of Philosophy and Chair of the Philosophy Department at the University of Notre Dame .
Jamaluddin Mousavi ( Mosawi ) aka Jamal Mousavi ( Persian : جمال الدین موسوی ; born in Kabul , Afghanistan ) is a BBC Persian TV presenter .
Dr. Marc Trachtenberg ( born 1946 ) is a professor of Political Science at the University of California , Los Angeles .
Sheldon Garon is a Princeton University professor who has been described as `` the world 's leading historian on household saving . ''
Professor Jonathan Freeman - Attwood is the 14th Principal of the Royal Academy of Music in London , and was appointed in 2008 .
William Starr Myers ( June 17 , 1877 - January 27 , 1956 ) was a Princeton University professor and historian who chronicled New Jersey and the GOP .
Stanley J. Shapiro ( born 1934 ) is Professor Emeritus of Marketing at Simon Fraser University , British Columbia , Canada .
Norman Dorsen is a professor at the New York University School of Law , and specializes in Constitutional Law , Civil Liberties , and Comparative Constitutional Law .
Konstantin Ramul ( 30 May 1879 in Kuressaare -- 11 February 1975 in Tartu ) was an Estonian professor of psychology and longtime chair of psychology at the University of Tartu .
Susan Nolen - Hoeksema ( May 22 , 1959 -- January 2 , 2013 ) was an American Professor of Psychology at Yale University .
M. Eric Johnson is Dean of the Owen Graduate School of Management , Vanderbilt University .
Francisco Hernández García ( alias `` El 2000 '' , `` El Panchillo '' ) is a Mexican drug lord of the Beltrán Leyva Cartel .
John F. Burke ( July 22 , 1922 -- 2011 ) was an American medical researcher at Harvard University widely known for his co - invention of synthetic skin in 1981 , together with Dr. Ioannis V. Yannas .
Francis Bull ( 4 October 1887 -- 4 July 1974 ) was a Norwegian literary historian , professor at the University of Oslo for more than thirty years , essayist and speaker , and magazine editor .
Joanna Berzowska is an Associate Professor of Design and Computation Arts at Concordia University in Montreal .
Jack M. Sasson , now retired , taught most recently as Mary Jane Werthan Professor of Jewish Studies and Hebrew Bible at Vanderbilt Divinity School and before that as a Professor of Classics at Vanderbilt University .
Joanna Scott ( born 1960 ) is an American author and Roswell Smith Burrows Professor of English at the University of Rochester .
Eric Schechter ( born August 1 , 1950 ) is an American mathematician , retired from Vanderbilt University with the title of Professor Emeritus .
Kate Bronfenbrenner ( March 23 , 1954 ) is the Director of Labor Education Research at the Cornell University School of Industrial and Labor Relations .
Julia Bryan - Wilson is an associate professor at the University of California , Berkeley , who studies feminist and queer theory , craft histories , and questions of artistic labor , as well as photography , video , collaborative practices , and visual culture of the nuclear age .
Axel Holst ( 6 September 1860 -- 26 April 1931 ) was a Norwegian professor of hygiene and bacteriology at the University of Oslo , known for his contributions to beriberi and scurvy .
Benjamin Peirce ( /ˈpɜːrs/ ; April 4 , 1809 -- October 6 , 1880 ) was an American mathematician who taught at Harvard University for approximately 50 years .
Currently George L. Paddison Professor of Latin Emeritus at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill , Jerzy Linderski is one of the foremost classical philologists and Roman historians of the modern era .
Josef Pekař ( April 12 , 1870 Malý Rohozec at Turnov -- January 23 , 1937 Prague ) was a prominent Czech historian of the turn of 19th and 20th century , professor and rector of Charles University in Prague .
Gary P. Gillum ( born 1944 in Indianapolis , Indiana ) is a librarian - emeritus of Brigham Young University ( BYU ) .
Aksel Lydersen ( 22 February 1919 -- 1 September 1995 ) was a Norwegian engineer and professor in chemical engineering at the Norwegian Institute of Technology from 1965 to 1987 .
Edward D. Miller Jr. was the Frances Watt Baker , M.D. and Lenox D. Baker Jr. , M.D. Dean of the Medical Faculty at Johns Hopkins University and the Chief Executive Officer of Johns Hopkins Medicine from 1997 to 2012 .
Antoine Compagnon ( born 1950 in Brussels , Belgium ) is a Professor of French Literature at Collège de France , Paris ( 2006 - - ) , and the Blanche W. Knopf Professor of French and Comparative Literature at Columbia University , New York ( 1985 - - ) .
Günter Asser ( 26 February 1926 , Berlin -- 23 March 2015 ) was a professor emeritus of logic and mathematics at the University of Greifswald .
Between 1997 and 2000 , Joanna MacGregor was Professor of Music at Gresham College , London , giving free public lectures .
Klaus Brockhoff ( born 16 October 1939 ) is a German economist , organizational theorist and Emeritus Professor at the University of Kiel .
Suzi Perry ( born 3 May 1970 ) is an English television presenter , best known for covering MotoGP for the BBC for 13 years , The Gadget Show on Channel 5 for 9 years and the BBC 's Formula One coverage from 2013 to 2015 .
John T. Lis ( born in Willimantic , Connecticut ) is the Barbara McClintock Professor of Molecular Biology & Genetics at the Cornell University College of Agriculture and Life Sciences .
Virginia Tufte is an author and distinguished emerita professor of English at the University of Southern California .
Bill Greenslade was a BBC Radio presenter .
William H. Leary was the Dean of the University of Utah College of Law , now known as the S.J. Quinney College of Law , from 1915 to 1950 .
William James Perry ( 1887 - -1949 ) , usually known as W. J. Perry , was a leader in cultural anthropology at University College , London .
Andreea Esca ( born August 29 , 1972 ) is a Romanian television journalist on the Pro TV network .
Hope A. Olson is Associate Dean and Professor at the School of Information Studies at the University of Wisconsin-- Milwaukee .
James Allen Graff ( b. East Orange , NJ , 1937 - d. Toronto , ON , October 23 , 2005 ) was a professor of philosophy at the University of Toronto and an activist focused on human rights in Palestine .
Ali Reza Sheikholeslami was Masoumeh and Fereydoon Soudavar Professor of Persian Studies at the University of Oxford from 1990 - -2006 .
The Turn 2 Foundation is a charitable organization founded by New York Yankees shortstop Derek Jeter in 1996 .
Illumination Entertainment is an American animation film production company , founded by Chris Meledandri in 2007 .
Vinilkosmo was created in 1990 by Floréal Martorell in the framework of the Esperanto music association EUROKKA .
The Royal Swedish Academy of War Sciences ( Swedish : Kungliga Krigsvetenskapsakademin ) , founded 12 November 1796 by Gustaf Wilhelm af Tibell , is one of the Royal Academies in Sweden .
The Arab Liberation Movement ( Arabic : حركة التحرر العربي‎ Ḥarakat Al - Taharror Al-'Arabiy , ALM ) was a Syrian political party founded on 25 August 1952 by the President of Syria Adib Shishakli , during his government was the only legal party in Syria until 1954 .
Vacasa is a vacation rental property management company based in Portland , Oregon .
Image Space Incorporated , commonly known as ISI is an independent video game developer based in Ann Arbor , Michigan , specializing in the fields of computer game development , man - in - the - loop simulator architectures , computer image generation , and entertainment systems integration .
Moving Brands was established in London in 1998 by Central St Martins graduates Ben Wolstenholme , James Bull and Joe Sharpe , alongside Wolstenholme 's brother Guy and cousin Toby Younger .
Premier Marinas Limited is based in Hampshire and owns and manages eight coastal marinas and boatyards in England .
To date , Philtrust Bank has a total of 37 branches in Metro Manila and 15 provincial branches .
Australian Aircraft Kits Pty Ltd is an Australian aircraft manufacturer based in Taree , New South Wales , that was established in 2003 .
SCAN Health Plan ( SCAN ) is a not - for - profit health plan founded in 1977 and based in Long Beach , California .
In October 1960 Ernie Strack and Nick Van Til partnered and opened their first Strack & Van Til in Highland , Indiana .
EID Parry Limited is a public company headquartered in Chennai , South India that has been in business for more than 225 years .
Metronet Rail was one of two infrastructure companies ( the other being Tube Lines Ltd ) in a public - private partnership with London Underground .
Andritz AG is an Austrian plant engineering group headquartered in Graz .
Hesketh Motorcycles is a British motorcycle manufacturer , initially based in Daventry and Easton Neston , Northamptonshire , England .
Kerr , Stuart and Company Ltd was a locomotive manufacturer from Stoke - on - Trent , England .
The Martin Band Instrument Company was a musical instrument manufacturer in Elkhart , Indiana .
Imperial Innovations is a UK technology commercialisation and investment company , based in London .
Huntsman Security ( formerly Tier-3 ) was founded in Sydney , Australia in 1999 .
Cove Energy plc , also known as Cove , was a London - headquartered oil & gas exploration company with assets in East Africa .
From its headquarters in Bellevue , Washington , United States , Western Wireless Corporation provided wireless communications service in 19 western states .
GoodData is an American software company headquartered in San Francisco , CA .
Since its foundation in 1946 , Sun - Rype has been producing juices and fruit snacks in Kelowna , British Columbia , in the heart of the Okanagan .
Italjet Moto Srl ( Italjet ) is an Italian manufacturer of motorcycles , headquartered in Castel San Pietro Terme , Bologna , Italy .
DNA Films is located in London .
Minichamps is a die - cast car producer founded as Paul 's Model Art GmbH in 1990 in Aachen , Germany , best known for its 1:43 scale models .
Adscape is a San Francisco in - game advertising company that was acquired by Google in February 2007 .
Weltbild Publishing Group ( German : Verlagsgruppe Weltbild ) is a major German publisher and media retailer based in Augsburg .
Imprint Entertainment is a film and television production and management company located on the Universal Studios lot in Burbank , California .
Sucré is a dessert boutique that launched in New Orleans , Louisiana in April 2007 .
Amano Artisan Chocolate is an American bean - to - bar chocolate manufacturer based in Orem , Utah .
Dole Food Company , Inc. is an American agricultural multinational corporation headquartered in Westlake Village , California .
DAMAC Properties is a property development company in the Middle East , based in Dubai , in the United Arab Emirates .
Simms Fishing Products is a high end fishing equipment , accessories and apparel manufacturer in Bozeman , Montana .
Zee Entertainment Enterprises Ltd. ( ZEEL ) is an Indian media and entertainment company based in Mumbai , Maharashtra , India .
Albanian Institute for International Studies ( AIIS ) is a think tank based in Tirana , Albania .
Rainbow Grocery Cooperative is a worker - owned and run food cooperative located in San Francisco , California .
Mountain Goat Beer is a microbrewery in Richmond , Victoria , Australia .
Adrian Smith + Gordon Gill Architecture ( AS+GG ) , an architecture firm and design firm based in Chicago , is engaged in the design and development of energy - efficient and sustainable architecture .
Speak Social is a new media marketing company based in Austin , Texas that focuses on social media management , brand strategy , search engine optimization , analytics and monitoring , web design , community management , reputation management , content marketing , augmented reality , and interactive design .
IRESS has its corporate office situated in Melbourne , with overseas offices located in South Africa , New Zealand , Canada , Hong Kong , Singapore and the United Kingdom .
Robotics Design Inc. is a company that designs and builds modular robots , founded and incorporated in Montreal , Quebec , Canada in 1997 .
Headquartered in Munich , Germany , MAN Truck & Bus produces trucks in the range from 7.49 to 44 t gvw , heavy goods vehicles up to 250 t road train gvw , bus - chassis , coaches , interurban coaches , and city buses .
Centennial Broadcasting is a small market radio broadcasting company based in Clemmons , North Carolina .
Berry Bros. & Rudd is one of Britain 's oldest wine and spirit merchant : in 1698 it opened its doors for the first time at 3 St. James 's Street , London , United Kingdom , and today it continues to trade from the same premises .
Phorm currently resides in Mortimer Street , London , UK with staffing levels of around 35 .
Argo Tea is a chain of tea cafes that was founded in the Lincoln Park community area in Chicago , Illinois , in June 2003 .
Certis CISCO Security Private Limited ( Chinese : 策安保安机构 ) , formerly CISCO Security Private Limited , is one of the five commercial Auxiliary Police forces authorized to provide armed security officers to government organizations as well as private companies or individuals in Singapore .
Design42Day is a company based in Milan , Italy , specialized in the research , selection and promotion of design on an international scale .
The Anthea Group is a private company engaged in the manufacture and export of a range of specialty chemicals based in Mumbai , India .
Alarko Holding is one of the largest business conglomerates in Turkey ; it is listed on the Istanbul Stock Exchange .
According to the London Gazette , Helen Sellars Norris , the widow of Thomas was chairman of the company at the time of an Extraordinary General Meeting of T. Norris & Son Limited held on 31 March 1941 at which the resolution was duly passed that `` the Company be wound up voluntarily '' .
The Institute of Southeast Asian Studies is a research institute located in Singapore .
ACeS ( Asia Cellular Satellite ) is a regional satellite telecommunications company based in Jakarta , Indonesia .
Running Into The Sun is a Singapore - based concert organiser and concert promoter founded in 2009 .
R.C. Bigelow , Inc , better known as the Bigelow Tea Company , is an American tea company based in Fairfield , Connecticut .
The Business and Information Technology School ( BiTS Iserlohn ) is a private state approved university of applied science based in Iserlohn ( North Rhine - Westphalia , Germany ) .
Marshall & Ilsley Corporation ( also known as M&I Bank ) was a U.S. bank and diversified financial services corporation headquartered in Milwaukee , Wisconsin , that was purchased by Bank of Montreal in 2010 .
Crownpoint North Retail Park is a retail park situated in the Denton area of Greater Manchester , It has a single - storey car park with 800 free parking spaces .
KeyBank ( NYSE : KEY ) is an American regional bank headquartered in Cleveland , Ohio .
Hudson United Bank ( HUB ) was a bank headquartered in Mahwah , New Jersey , and serving New Jersey , the Philadelphia region , New York , and Connecticut .
In 2015 , SageNet unexpectedly failed to renew its lease on the 137,000 square foot office building in McLean that housed its Washington , DC area operations which it had inherited from Spacenet , forcing landlord Matan Cos .
Metronapoli SpA was an Italian company responsible for the provision of public transport in the city of Naples , and its primary function was the operation and maintenance of the Naples Metro system .
Oak Futures , or Oak Futures Ltd , are a proprietary trading and electronic market making firm based in City of London , United Kingdom .
The Dutch Game Garden 's main office in Utrecht is a business center for video game companies , providing office space for more than 72 game companies .
Dey Brothers was a department store located in and around Syracuse , New York .
Coventya 's history is linked to Société Continentale Parker in Clichy ( 92 , France ) .
Municipal Credit Union ( MCU ) is a state chartered credit union headquartered in New York City , regulated under the authority of the National Credit Union Administration ( NCUA ) .
Geek Squad is a subsidiary of American multinational consumer electronics corporation Best Buy , headquartered in Richfield , Minnesota .
Swire Hotels is a division of Swire Properties Limited , a subsidiary of Swire Pacific Limited , a blue chip company quoted on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange .
It expanded in the Midlands , absorbing many local banks , and merged with the Central Bank of London Ltd. in 1891 , becoming the London City and Midland Bank .
The StudyBlue corporate office is located in Madison , WI with a second office now open in San Francisco , CA as of September 2012 .
Chictopia is an international online fashion site based in San Francisco .
North Star Games is a board game company based in Bethesda , Maryland .
Gaia Trafikk was the largest public transportation provider in Bergen and Os , Norway until it merged with HSD forming Tide .
The Center on Global Interests ( CGI ) is an independent , nonprofit 501(c)(3 ) research organization headquartered in Washington , D.C. The Center conducts research and analysis on global affairs , focusing on the Russia and the post - Soviet space as a whole .
Armas Ugartechea is a Basque shotgun manufacturer located in Eibar , Spain .
Garden State Life Insurance Company is a small direct life insurance company located in League City , Texas .
Capitalia was an Italian banking group headquartered in Rome .
Petit Bateau is a French brand of clothes and underwear founded in 1920 in Troyes .
Shuanghuan Auto ( officially Shijiazhuang Shuanghuan Automobile Co. , Ltd. ) is a Chinese automobile manufacturer headquartered in Shijiazhuang , Hebei .
In 1981 , Sunset Sound Recorders owner Camarata purchased The Sound Factory , another Los Angeles recording studio originally founded by Moonglow Records and later purchased and developed by David Hassinger .
MyOutdoorTV.com is headquartered in Franklin , Tennessee , approximately 25 miles from Nashville , Tennessee .
Campbell , Aldrich & Nulty was a Boston , Massachusetts , USA , architectural firm .
Nautilus Productions LLC was incorporated in 1997 in Fayetteville , North Carolina as a video production , stock footage and photography company .
Tum Yeto is a skateboard distribution company that operates out of San Diego , California , United States ( U.S. ) .
All Saints Records was founded in 1991 , named after a street in West London .
Bank Asya was established in October 24 , 1996 with its head office in Istanbul , as the sixth private finance house of Turkey .
The Sonoran Arthropod Studies Institute ( established in 1986 ) is a non - profit organization , located in the Sonoran Desert in Tucson , Arizona , whose mission is to educate the public about arthropods .
Urban Science is a worldwide company headquartered in the Renaissance Center , Detroit , Michigan .
Zugara is an American corporation headquartered in Los Angeles , California , United States that develops and licenses Augmented Reality software and creates Natural User Interface experiences for brands .
Teva Naot ( Hebrew : טבע נאות‎ ) is an Israeli shoe and sandal manufacturer based at Kibbutz Neot Mordechai .
Servis ( or Servis Shoes ) is a global footwear manufacturer and retailer with its acting head office in Gulberg , Lahore , Pakistan .
Andrews & Arnold Ltd ( also known as AAISP ) is an Internet service provider based in Bracknell in the United Kingdom founded in 1997 and launched in 1998 , primarily serving businesses and `` technical '' home users .
Kerberos Productions Inc. is a third - party video game developer based in Vancouver , British Columbia , Canada .
Balford Farms is an American dairy company located in Burlington , New Jersey .
Design International is an international architectural firm , which was founded in Toronto in 1965 .
Bentley Systems is based in Exton , Pennsylvania , USA , but has development , sales and other departments in over 50 countries around the world .
Planet Sub ( or Yello Sub ) is a growing fast food restaurant based in Kansas City , Missouri .
Yuzhnoye Design Office ( Ukrainian : Державне конструкторське бюро `` Південне '' ім. М. К. Янгеля ; Russian : Констру́кторское бюро́ `` Ю́жное '' ) , located in Dnipropetrovsk , Ukraine , is a designer of satellites and rockets , and formerly of Soviet intercontinental ballistic missiles ( ICBMs ) established by Mikhail Yangel .
Loeb 's ( department store ) is a Meridian , MS based , brick and mortar and online specialty store .
Miller & Yeager was an architectural firm in Terre Haute , Indiana in the United States .
Jeanneau is a French boatyard in Les Herbiers , in the Vendée département , which has produced yachts since 1957 .
The Lems was an English electric car manufactured by the London Electromobile Syndicate in London from 1903 to 1904 .
Joint Stock Company Inter RAO UES ( Russian : Открытое акционерное общество `` ИНТЕР РАО ЕЭС '' , short form : Inter RAO ) , traded as , is a diversified energy holding company headquartered in Moscow , Russia .
English China Clays PLC , or ECC , was a mining company involved in the extraction of china clay , based in St Austell , Cornwall .
Tullow Oil plc is a multinational oil and gas exploration company founded in Tullow , Ireland with its headquarters in London , United Kingdom .
Mova Nanova ( Belarusian : Мова Нанова , Mova Nanova , literally , `` language anew '' ) is a Belarusian course that has taken place in Minsk , the capital of Belarus , since January 13 , 2014 .
Harvey Nichols , founded in 1831 , is a British department store chain with a flagship store in Knightsbridge , London .
Gilbern , Gilbern Sports Cars ( Components ) Ltd , was a Welsh car manufacturer from 1959 to 1973 , based in Llantwit Fardre , Pontypridd , Glamorgan , Wales .
ESPN Events is headquartered in Charlotte , North Carolina , sharing its operations with sister network ESPNU .
Black Widow Records is an Italian record label founded Genoa in 1990 and taking its name from the British progressive rock act Black Widow .
Northern Light Productions is a documentary film production company based in Boston , MA .
`` ' ' ' ' Wunder Audio '' '' '' ( ˈvʊndəʁ ˈɔ.di.oʊ ) is an Austin , Texas - based company that manufactures high end pro audio recording equipment , such as microphones and recording consoles .
Angang Steel Company Limited or Ansteel ( SEHK : 347 , SZSE : 000898 ) is a joint - stock limited company parented by Anshan Iron and Steel Group , which is supervised by State Council of the People 's Republic of China .
ANGOP or Angola News Agency is the official news agency of the state of Angola , based in Luanda .
Tommy & Lefebvre is a sporting goods chain in the Ottawa , Ontario , Canada area .
AB Stumbras is the oldest and largest producer of strong alcoholic drinks in Kaunas , Lithuania .
Mobile17 is a Boston , Massachusetts - based website that allows users to create custom ringtones for a wide variety of mobile devices .
Sky Betting & Gaming is a British - based gambling company , owned by CVC Capital Partners and Sky plc , with headquarters in Leeds , West Yorkshire and offices in Sheffield , London , Guernsey and Rome .
Fresh Fish is an annual Swedish fashion show and competition for unestablished designers , which takes place in Gothenburg .
The Certified Treasury Professional ( CTP ) is a certification awarded by the Association for Financial Professionals ( AFP ) of Bethesda , Maryland to individuals who meet eligibility criteria and demonstrate current competency standards measured through the CTP examination .
Finarte is an Italian auction house based in Milan .
First Utility is a supplier of gas and electricity in the United Kingdom , based in Warwick .
Vinten is a manufacturer of camera supports founded in 1910 and based in Bury St Edmunds , Suffolk .
Heljan A / S is a Danish model railway company based in Søndersø .
Metal Storm Limited was a research and development company based in Brisbane , Australia that specialized in electronically initiated superposed load weapons technology and owned the proprietary rights to the electronic ballistics technology invented by J. Mike O'Dwyer .
The Mauser Jagdwaffen GmbH ( Mauser Hunting Weapons Ltd. ) was established with its company base being situated in Isny i m Allgäu in southern Germany .
2si was an American engine manufacturer located in Beaufort , South Carolina .
Rightline Gear is a automotive aftermarket equipment manufacturer founded in 2008 by Loran Evans , the founder of Melon Bicycles , in Asheville , North Carolina , USA .
DATEV was founded on 14 February 1966 , by 65 tax agents in the Nuremberg area to provide accounting services to its clients with the help of a computer .
TASC , Inc. , formerly known as The Analytic Sciences Corporation , Inc. , is a private defense contractor based outside Washington , D.C. , in Chantilly , Virginia .
Handmark is a developer and distributor of mobile content , based in Kansas City , Missouri .
Wiha Tools is a manufacturer of hand tools for use in trade and industry , with its headquarters in Schonach i m Schwarzwald in Baden - Württemberg , Germany .
CFA Institute offices are located in New York City , London , Hong Kong , Mumbai , and Charlottesville , Virginia , USA .
All Youth Channels , Inc. ( AYC ) is a cable TV and concert management company in the Philippines .
Powell 's Books is a chain of bookstores in Portland , Oregon , and its surrounding metropolitan area .
Shartenberg 's Department Store was a six - floor department store located at 765 - 777 Chapel Street in Downtown New Haven , Connecticut , designed in the neoclassical style .
Santaris Pharma A / S is a biopharmaceutical company founded in 2003 in Copenhagen , Denmark with a small branch in San Diego , California that opened in 2009 .
The Coney I - Lander restaurants are a regional chain based in Tulsa , Oklahoma .
Numonyx was headquartered in Rolle , Switzerland , and had sales , manufacturing and R&D facilities around the world .
Regal Lager , Inc. is a distributor of baby and children 's products to both the United States and Canada , and is located in Kennesaw , Georgia .
Helene Curtis Industries , Inc. was an American cosmetics and beauty parlor products firm which was based in Chicago , Illinois .
The World Film Company or World Film Corporation was an American film production and distribution company , organized in 1914 in Fort Lee , New Jersey .
Triffix Entertainment was a Canadian video game publisher headquartered in Montreal .
The Pike Place Fish Market , founded in 1930 , is an open air fish market located in Seattle , Washington 's Pike Place Market , at the corner of Pike Street and Pike Place .
Sears Holdings Corporation is an American holding company headquartered in Hoffman Estates , Illinois .
Xella International GmbH is a corporate group with headquarters in Duisburg , Germany , manufactures and markets building materials , gypsum fibreboard and cement - bonded dry lining panels together with lime and limestone .
The Capitol Broadcasting Company ( CBC ) is an American media company based in Raleigh , North Carolina .
Frozenbyte Inc. is a Finnish game - developer founded in 2001 and based in Helsinki , Finland .
Iberdrola ( Spanish pronunciation : ( iβerˈðɾola ) ) is a Spanish public multinational electric utility company based in Bilbao , Basque Country .
The Different Company is a luxury perfume house established in 2000 by perfumer Jean - Claude Ellena and Thierry de Baschmakoff in Paris , France .
Chris Reeve Knives ( CRK ) is a U.S. corporation with international sales and distribution based in Boise , ID .
Established in 1891 , OhioHealth is a not - for - profit , faith - based system of hospitals and healthcare providers located in Columbus , Ohio and surrounding areas .
The Sinn Féin Printing & Publishing Company , Ltd. ( 1906 - -1914 ) was a Dublin - based enterprise founded by Arthur Griffith , chief propagandist of the nationalist Sinn Féin movement .
United Communication Services Limited ( UCS ) is the largest cable operator in Bangladesh .
Baby on the Move is a baby safety equipment and services company with a franchising system , with Head Office based in Nelson , New Zealand .
Kuwait Petroleum Corporation ( Arabic : مؤسسة البترول الكويتية‎ ) is Kuwait 's national oil company , headquartered in Kuwait City .
Shaw Direct began in Lincoln , New Brunswick , but is now based in Calgary , Alberta .
Paul Sabatier University ( Université Paul Sabatier , UPS , also known as Toulouse III ) is a French university , in the Academy of Toulouse .
Simogo ( formally known as Simogo Handelsbolag ) is a Swedish video game developer based in Malmö .
Komplot Design is a design studio based in Copenhagen , Denmark .
Westaflex is a manufacturer of HVAC appliances , commercial equipment , based in Gütersloh , Germany .
Caxton FX is a UK - based foreign exchange , international payments and prepaid card provider based at Portland House in Westminster , London , England .
The 2006 Côte d'Ivoire toxic waste dump was a health crisis in Côte d'Ivoire caused by a Trafigura ship offloading waste in Abidjan , in order to avoid the extra dumping costs requested by Amsterdam Port Services BV due to local complaints about the smell .
Paizo Publishing is an American publishing company in Redmond , Washington that specializes in game aids and adventures for `` the world 's oldest fantasy roleplaying game '' ( Dungeons & Dragons ) and its flagship spin - off game and setting , Pathfinder .
Gold Peak Industries ( Holdings ) Limited is an Asian battery manufacturer established in 1964 and based in Hong Kong . They are listed on Hong Kong Stock Exchange since 1984 .
IQnovate is headquartered in Sydney , Australia , and George Syrmalis is the company 's current CEO .
Their main product was the Oltcit Club / Citroën Axel hatchback , assembled in Craiova , Romania .
The Awareness Foundation is based in London , UK , with supporters in North America , the Middle East and Hong Kong .
The Institute for Bible Translation was founded in Stockholm , Sweden in 1973 by the Bosnian - Croatian poet Borislav Arapović , its main task being to publish Bibles for `` non - Slavic peoples in Slavic countries , '' not just Bible translations into the languages of Russia but also Central Asian languages .
NASDAQ OMX Commodities Europe is a trade name of NASDAQ OMX Oslo ASA , the single financial energy market for Norway , Denmark , Sweden and Finland .
A. C. McClurg was a Chicago , Illinois based publisher made famous by their original publishing of the Tarzan of the Apes novels and other stories of Edgar Rice Burroughs .
Thorco Shipping is a Danish shipping company based in Copenhagen , Denmark .
Founded in Turin in 1895 by Luigi Lavazza , it was initially run from a small grocery store at Via San Tommaso 10 .
Adsmith China is a subsidiary of Adsmith International and is registered in Shanghai , China , and provides public relations and related services in Greater China .
Shinhan BNP Paribas Asset Management ( 신한 BNP Paribas 자산운용 in 한글 ) is an asset management company headquartered in Seoul , Korea .
The Canadian Salt Company Limited is headquartered in Pointe - Claire , Quebec at 755 Boulevard Saint - Jean , 7th Floor .
The University of Oklahoma ( OU ) is a coeducational public research university located in Norman , Oklahoma .
Originally founded in 1986 as the Adelaide Amiga club , Adam Internet grew out of the original bulletin board system of the Adelaide Amiga User Group .
Saudia Aerospace Engineering Industries ( SAEI ) is the maintenance , repair and overhaul ( MRO ) division of SAUDIA airlines based in Jeddah , Saudi Arabia at King Abdulaziz International Airport .
Ken Brock Manufacturing , Inc. was an American aircraft manufacturer founded by Ken Brock in the 1960s and based in Stanton , California .
The company curtailed its recording activities in the late 1960s but was revived in the early 1970s , when Albert Productions established its own record label and a state - of - the - art recording studio in central Sydney .
Lauritzen Corporation is a financial and interstate bank holding company headquartered in Omaha , Nebraska , USA .
Vinaphone is a Vietnamese major mobile network operator headquartered in Hanoi , Vietnam .
Ayala was responsible for the development of Makati as the financial district of Manila and the Philippines after World War II . In April 2010 , FinanceAsia named Ayala Corporation as the best - managed company in the Philippines , as well as best for corporate governance and best for corporate social responsibility .
Net Press is founded in January 2007 in Skopje , Republic of Macedonia .
Metrovías S.A. is an Argentine privately owned company that operates the Buenos Aires Underground and the Metropolitan services of Urquiza Line .
Film Location Services which is now known as Asian Film Locations Services is a well known film location and production services company based in Sri Lanka .
Netviewer AG is a German IT company headquartered in Karlsruhe .
Cadence Design Systems , headquartered in San Jose , California , is a supplier of electronic design technologies and engineering services in the electronic design automation ( EDA ) industry .
Dynamics Consultants is an Enterprise resource planning ( ERP ) integration and development organisation based in Netley Abbey , Southampton , United Kingdom .
Frontier Airlines is a United States low cost carrier headquartered in Denver , Colorado , USA .
CIMB Group is a universal bank headquartered in Kuala Lumpur , operating in high growth economies in ASEAN .
Ormat Technologies Inc. is a provider of alternative and renewable energy technology based in Reno , Nevada .
Minty Fresh is a Chicago - based record label , founded in 1993 by Jim Powers with Anthony Musiala .
AMEN Missionary is an international 501(c)3 Christian nonprofit organization founded in 2009 based in California , USA and Mae Sot , Thailand .
The Flaid was a Belgian automobile manufactured from 1920 until 1921 in Liège .
The Trussell Trust is a NGO and charity , based in Salisbury , UK , that co - ordinates the only nationwide network of food banks in the country .
Finolex Group is a private sector conglomerate based in Pune , India .
Rural King Supply is a farm supply store based in Mattoon , Illinois , United States .
Colonial Bank , formerly a subsidiary of Colonial Bancgroup Inc. , was headquartered in Montgomery , Alabama .
Lit Espresso Bar is a Toronto based cafe that was founded in 2008 , by Joe Angellotti .
Southern Natural Gas Company , headquartered in Birmingham , Alabama , is a natural gas pipeline company that was founded in 1928 and is currently a division of Kinder Morgan .
Boticca is a London - based retail website for jewelry and fashion accessories , that features a selection emerging fashion designers .
Entercom is an American broadcasting company based in Bala Cynwyd , Pennsylvania .
Total Wine & More has about 5,000 employees , including 500 employees at their corporate headquarters in Potomac , Maryland and 800 wine specialists who must demonstrate wine knowledge before they are invited to join the company .
CineTel Films Inc. is an independent film production company and distributor based in West Hollywood , California .
Hornady Manufacturing Company is an American manufacturer of ammunition and handloading components , based in Grand Island , Nebraska .
Pimlico Plumbers is a plumbing firm based in London .
A / S Kristiania Elektriske Sporvei or KES , nicknamed the Blue Tramway ( Norwegian : Blåtrikken ) , was a company which operated part of the Oslo Tramway between 1894 and 1924 .
Tactus Records ( Italian Casa Discografica Tactus ) is an Italian classical music recording label based in Bologna , Italy .
Vulgar Press is a publishing house based in Melbourne , Australia .
The Senckenberg Nature Research Society ( German : Senckenberg Gesellschaft für Naturforschung , until 2008 Senckenbergische Naturforschende Gesellschaft ) is a German scholarly society with headquarters in Frankfurt am Main .
The Philatelic Foundation is a philatelic organization granted a charter in 1945 by the University of the State of New York as a Nonprofit Educational Institution .
MPC Corporation was a computer - hardware company based in Nampa , Idaho , United States .
Sino Group ( Chinese : 信和集團 ) is one of the leading property companies in Hong Kong .
London Bridge Studio is a Seattle recording studio that has hosted and recorded many influential artists , producers and engineers since 1985 .
Commitment to Change ( Spanish : Compromiso para el Cambio ) was a centre - right political party in Argentina , principally active in the city of Buenos Aires .
The Crab Orchard and Egyptian Railway ( reporting mark COER ) ( formerly American Rail Heritage , Ltd. d / b / a Crab Orchard and Egyptian Railroad Company ) is a Class III common carrier shortline railroad that operates between the cities of Marion and Herrin in the Southern Illinois region .
Hamann Motorsport GmbH is a German car tuning company based in Laupheim .
Bain Capital is a global alternative investment firm based in Boston , Massachusetts .
Headquartered in Charlotte , North Carolina , NouvEON also has offices in Raleigh , North Carolina and professional consultants in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania ;
The Kelsey - Seybold Clinic is a large multi - specialty clinic system located in Greater Houston with its administrative headquarters in Shadow Creek Ranch , Pearland .
Assumption Life ( Fr : Assomption Vie ) is a financial services company based in Moncton , New Brunswick , Canada .
Admiral Group plc is a motor insurance company with its head office in Cardiff , Wales .
CIM Bank is a traditional Swiss private bank , founded in Geneva in 1990 .
The Labour Party of Iran ( Persian : حزب کار ایران‎ ; translit . : Hezb - e Kar - e Irān ) is a Hoxhaist Communist party whose leadership is exiled in Germany .
GTS Technologies is a paint finishing and mechanical handling systems company , registered in Wolverhampton , England .
Pratt & Whitney , Chance Vought , and Sikorsky -- remained together as the new United Aircraft Corporation , headquartered in Hartford with Frederick Rentschler , founder of Pratt & Whitney , as president .
Fábrica de Armas Halcón ( English : `` Halcón Firearms Factory '' ) was an Argentinian defense company founded in 1941 and located in Buenos Aires .
IGB Eletrônica S.A. ( Portuguese for IGB Electronics ) , doing business as Gradiente , is a Brazilian consumer electronics company based in Manaus , and with offices in São Paulo .
Bing Steel LLC , was a Detroit , Michigan , USA supplier of carbon steel flat rolled products to the automotive industry .
Shopbell & Company was an American architectural firm located in Evansville , Indiana in the United States .
Warburtons is a British baking firm founded by Thomas Warburton in 1876 and based in Bolton , a town in Greater Manchester formerly Lancashire , England .
Rapid Electronics is a UK distributor of electronic components and educational products , and supporter of science , engineering and educational initiatives , based in Colchester , Essex .
The headquarters for ARMA International are in Overland Park , Kansas .
Kotak Mahindra Bank is an Indian private sector banking headquartered in Mumbai , Maharashtra , India .
Ratna Cafe is a South Indian fast food restaurant chain and F&B services firm , headquartered in Chennai , India .
Banque Bonhôte & Cie SA , which was founded in Neuchâtel in 1815 , is active in financial and wealth management , its core business .
ING Bank Śląski S.A. ( ING BSK ) is a Polish bank based in Katowice .
RLX Technologies ( bought by HP in 2005 ) was a company based in The Woodlands , TX and was the first company in the world to create and market what is now known as a blade server .
In August 2012 , as part of Lotte Department Store 's expansion programme into China , a replica of Seoul 's main shopping district Myeong - dong was featured in its new store in Tianjin , with outlets of Missha , The Face Shop and Skin Food .
S.A. Mirat , also known as Grupo Mirat ( Mirat Group ) , or just as Mirat , is a Spanish company founded in 1812 in Salamanca , dedicated mainly to production of manures and fertilizers .
The Plansee Group , trading name : `` Plansee Holding AG '' , is an Austrian company which has its head office in Breitenwang ( in the district of Reutte ) .
The College of Europe ( French : Collège d'Europe ) is an independent university institute of postgraduate European studies with the main campus in Bruges , Belgium .
Raceair Designs LLC is an American aircraft manufacturer based in Gilbert , South Carolina , founded by designer Ed Fisher .
Mix & Genest was founded on 1 October 1879 by the businessman Wilhelm Mix and the engineer Werner Genest in Berlin - Schöneberg .
The Netzsch Group is a family - owned international business located in Selb / Bavaria , Germany that is engaged in the production of machinery and instrumentation .
Top Level Design is a company based in Portland , Oregon , in the United States , and the domain name registry for the generic top - level domains ( gTLD ) .
FAW Bus and Coach is a bus manufacturer located in Wuxi , Jiangsu , China .
Radio Holger is a Danish radio station transmitting in Metropolitan Copenhagen , Denmark .
FLAVORx is a private pharmaceutical company based in Columbia , Maryland , that supplies sugar - free , non allergenic and inert medicine flavorings and flavoring systems to pharmacies .
The Tuvan State University is based in Kyzyl , the capital of Republic of Tuva , Russia , and is the only university in Tuva .
Headquartered in Ballerup , Denmark , GN ReSound is part of GN Store Nord .
Smart & Final is a chain of warehouse - style food and supply stores based in Commerce , California , which developed through a series of mergers and expansions .
South - West State University ( former Kursk State Technical University ) ( Russian : Юго-Западный государственный университет , Yugo - Zapadnyj gosudarstvennyj universitet ) , for a time the КurskSTU ( Russian : КурскГТУ ) , kurskij politeh ( Russian : курский политех ) .
Bulga Coal Pty Limited is a coal - mining company based in Singleton , New South Wales , Australia .
Foz do Brasil is a Brazilian waste management company , founded in 2008 and headquartered in Limeira .
XET - FM , nicknamed La Caliente , is an FM broadcasting station licensed for 25,000 watts on 94.1 MHz at Monterrey , Nuevo León , Mexico .
Valtion Kivääritehdas ( VKT ) , State Rifle Factory in English , was a Finnish government - owned firearms manufacturer that existed independently in the Tourula district of Jyväskylä 1926 - 1946 .
The Otter Co - op is a consumers ' cooperative in Aldergrove , British Columbia , Canada .
The Powerhouse Museum has its origins in a recommendation of the trustees of the Australian Museum in 1878 and the Sydney International Exhibition of 1879 and Melbourne International Exhibition of 1880 .
The Waterways Trust was an independent registered charity , established in 1999 , that worked with partners to see the waterway network in England , Wales and Scotland supported , valued and enjoyed by a wide audience .
La Gazzetta dello Sport was first published on 3 April 1896 , allowing it to cover the first modern Olympic Games held in Athens .
RCRD LBL was launched in 2007 by Josh Deutsch and Peter Rojas and Creative Director Elliot Aronow , and featured thousands of free singles , remixes , exclusive tracks and rarities from a diverse , handpicked roster of artists .
Genres represented include funk , soul , Hip hop , jazz , Latin , reggae , afrobeat etc . Funky Elephant has been organized since 1994 .
Adam Nowak ( born September 28 , 1963 in Poznań ) is a leader , guitar player and song writer of the Polish music band Raz , Dwa , Trzy .
Slak was one of the pioneers of Slovene popular folk music , based on diatonic button accordion and author of several evergreen songs , performed by his Lojze Slak Ansamble .
Despite their name there were six members , John Howell ( organ / vocals ) , Kris Ife ( guitar / vocals ) , Richard Barnes ( bass guitar / vocals ) , Roger McKew ( lead guitar ) , Ray Hailey ( drums ) and John `` Satch '' Goswell ( saxophone ) .
Wally Besser ( born January 16 , 1936 ) is a trumpet and flugelhorn player with a large career playing with best orchestras as the Glenn Miller Orchestra , the Sammy Kaye Orchestra , or Larry Elgart .
Joseph Haines or Jo Haines ( died 4 April 1701 ) was a 17th - century actor , singer , dancer , guitar player , fortune teller , and author .
Sal Giorgianni is an American saxophone player .
Conny Nimmersjö , ( born 1967 ) Swedish musician most known for playing guitar with bob hund and Bergman Rock .
He was variously known as Texas Pete Mayes and T - Bone Man ; the latter a reference to his guitar playing resembling his hero , T - Bone Walker .
Francis Goya ( born François Edouard Weyer , 16 May 1946 ) is a Belgian classical guitar player and producer .
Marcel Tabuteau ( 2 July 1887 - 4 January 1966 ) was a French - American oboist who is considered the founder of the American school of oboe playing .
Jimmie Lee Sloas is an American session musician , producer , and songwriter , who plays bass guitar .
Richard Kanter ( July 7 , 1935 -- October 10 , 2014 ) was born in Chicago and began his oboe - playing career at the age of 14 in 1949 , as a student of Robert Mayer , English horn player of the Chicago Symphony Orchestra .
Clifton Anderson ( born October 5 , 1957 , Harlem , New York City ) is an American jazz musician , a trombone player .
James Crabb ( born 1967 ) is a Scottish classical accordion player .
Rob Quist ( January 5 , 1948 - ) is an American singer , guitarist , banjo player and award - winning songwriter .
Iain Ballamy ( born 20 February 1964 ) is a British composer , soprano , alto and tenor saxophone player .
Gisle Torvik ( born 2 June 1975 in Bergen , Norway ) is a Norwegian jazz musician ( guitar ) from Tørvikbygd in Hardanger .
Luis de Briceño ( fl . 1610s-1630s ) was a Spanish guitarist and music theorist who introduced the Spanish guitar style in France , where previously only the lute was considered a serious plucked instrument .
Frøy Aagre ( born 8 June 1977 in Tønsberg , Norway ) is a Norwegian jazz musician ( saxophone ) .
Aaron Sachs ( July 4 , 1923 - June 5 , 2014 ) was an American jazz saxophone and clarinet player .
Anisa Angarola is one of twelve guitar soloists selected nationwide to perform in the historic 1980 master class given by Andrés Segovia .
Thomas Larcher completed his studies at the University of Music and Performing Arts , Vienna under Heinz Medjimorec and Elisabeth Leonskaja ( piano ) , and Erich Urbanner ( composition ) .
Sebastian Weigle ( born 1961 in Berlin ) is a German horn player and conductor .
Jessie Baker ( born February 7 , 1991 ) is an American musician known for playing bluegrass banjo .
Gil Goldstein ( born 1950 ) is an American jazz pianist and synthesizer player who started on the accordion .
Pier Ferdinando Casini ( Italian pronunciation : ( ˈpjɛr ferdiˈnando kaˈzini ) ; born 3 December 1955 ) is an Italian politician .
Revd John Trusler ( 1735 - -1820 ) was an eccentric English divine , literary compiler , and medical empiric .
Paul - Henry Chombart de Lauwe ( 4 August 1913 , Cambrai -- 11 January 1998 , Antony ) , was a noted French urban sociologist .
Benny Andersen ( born 7 November 1929 in Vangede ) , is a Danish song - writer , poet , author , composer and pianist .
Antonio da Sangallo the Younger ( 12 April 1485 -- 3 August 1546 ) , born Antonio Cordiani , was an Italian architect active during the Renaissance .
Jean - Pierre Adam ( born November 24 , 1937 in Paris ) is a French archaeologist , specialising in ancient architecture .
Hashem Mahameed ( Arabic : هاشم محاميد‎‎ ; Hebrew : האשם מחאמיד‎‎ , born 18 February 1945 ) is a former Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for Hadash , Balad , United Arab List and National Unity --
Ulla Margareta Charlotte Cederschiöld ( born 28 September 1944 in Gävle ) is a Swedish politician and was a Member of the European Parliament until 2009 .
Antonio Socci ( born 18 January 1959 in Siena ) is an Italian media personality , journalist and book writer .
Leszek Długosz ( born 18 June 1941 in Zaklików ) is a Polish actor , poet , writer and composer .
John Ozell ( died 15 October 1743 ) was an English translator and accountant who became an adversary to Jonathan Swift and Alexander Pope .
Lado Kralj ( born 27 March 1938 ) is a Slovene writer , theatre critic and literary historian .
Jean Bichelonne ( 24 December 1904 -- 22 December 1944 ) was a French businessman and member of the Vichy government that governed France during World War II following the occupation of France by Nazi Germany .
Daniel Innerarity Grau ( Bilbao , 1959 ) is a Spanish philosopher and essayist .
Monique Adolphe ( born 23 July 1932 in Paris , France ) is a French scientist and researcher into the field of cell biology .
Utagawa Hiroshige ( Japanese : 歌川 広重 ) , also Andō Hiroshige ( Japanese : 安藤 広重 ; 1797 -- 12 October 1858 ) was a Japanese ukiyo - e artist , considered the last great master of that tradition .
Georges Hausemer ( born 1957 ) is a Luxembourg writer who has published short stories , novels , travelogues and non - fictional works and has also translated a considerable number of works from French , English , Spanish and Luxembourgish into German .
Henry - Louis de La Grange was born in Paris of an American mother ( Emily Sloane ) and a French father , Amaury de la Grange , who was a senator , one - time government minister , and Vice - President of the International Aviation Federation .
Macedonio Melloni ( 11 April 1798 -- 11 August 1854 ) was an Italian physicist , notable for demonstrating that radiant heat has similar physical properties to those of light .
Giovanni Battista Piazzetta ( also called Giambattista Piazzetta or Giambattista Valentino Piazzetta ) ( February 13 , 1682 or 1683 -- April 28 , 1754 ) was an Italian Rococo painter of religious subjects and genre scenes .
Jonathan Aspas Juncal ( born 28 February 1982 ) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Italian club A.S. Pro Piacenza 1919 .
Grand Ayatollah Naser Makarem Shirazi ( Persian : ناصر مکارم شیرازی‎‎ , born 3 December 1926 in Shiraz , Iran ) is an Iranian Shia marja ' and religious leader .
Ettore Sottsass ( 14 September 1917 -- 31 December 2007 ) was an Italian architect and designer of the late 20th century .
Orhan Veli Kanık or Orhan Veli ( 13 April 1914 , Beykoz , İstanbul -- 14 November 1950 , İstanbul ) was a Turkish poet .
Mircea Diaconu ( Romanian pronunciation : ( ˈmirt͡ʃe̯a diˈakonu ) ; born 24 December 1949 ) is a Romanian actor and politician .
Federico Zeri ( August 21 , 1921 -- October 5 , 1998 ) was an Italian art historian , a specialist in Italian Renaissance painting .
Jan Młodożeniec ( born in 1929 in Warsaw Poland , died 2000 ) was a Polish graphic designer .
Juan Carlos Monedero Fernández - Gala ( born 12 January 1963 ) is a Spanish political scientist , writer and politician .
Đặng Thùy Trâm ( born November 26 , 1942 , in Huế , Vietnam ; died on June 22 , 1970 , in Đức Phổ , Quảng Ngãi Province , Vietnam ) was a Vietnamese civilian doctor who worked as a battlefield surgeon for North Vietnam during the Vietnam War .
Tisca Chopra ( born Tisca Zareen Arora ; 1 November 1973 ) is an Indian film and stage actress known for her works in Hindi cinema , and Television .
Yang Mu ( traditional Chinese:楊牧;simplified Chinese:杨牧 ; pinyin : Yáng Mù ) is the pen name of a Taiwanese poet , essayist and critic in Chinese language .
Pedro Calapez , ( born 1953 in Lisbon ) is a Portuguese painter .
Åsa Larsson ( born 28 June 1966 ) is a Swedish crime - writer .
Roger Casamajor ( born December 17 , 1976 in La Seu d'Urgell ) is a Spanish television , theater and film actor .
Stephen Paget ( 1855 -- 1926 ) was an English surgeon , the son of the distinguished surgeon and pathologist Sir James Paget .
Margaret Forster ( 25 May 1938 -- 8 February 2016 ) was an English novelist , biographer , memoirist , historian and literary critic .
Edward Dawes ( 1805 -- 27 January 1856 ) was an English Liberal Party politician who served for one year as the Member of Parliament ( MP ) for the Isle of Wight .
Max Jakob Friedländer ( 5 July 1867 , Berlin - 11 October 1958 , Amsterdam ) was a German curator and art historian ( not to be confused with the unrelated Walter Friedländer ) .
Antonio De Poli ( born on 4 October 1960 in Vicenza ) is an Italian politician and former Member of the European Parliament for North - East with the Union of Christian and Centre Democrats , part of the European People 's Party .
Marcel Granet ( 29 February 1884 -- 25 November 1940 ) was a French sociologist , ethnologist and sinologist .
The anonymous Saxon poet known as Poeta Saxo , who composed the medieval Latin Annales de gestis Caroli magni imperatoris libri quinque ( `` Annals of the Deeds of Emperor Charlemagne in Five Books '' ) was probably a monk of Sankt Gallen or possibly Corvey .
Dr John Greenwood Shipman ( 1848 -- 20 October 1918 ) was an English barrister and Liberal Party politician .
François Fratellini ( 1879 - 1951 ) was a French circus clown .
Bernard Cahier ( June 20 , 1927 -- July 10 , 2008 ) was a French Formula One photo - journalist .
Jacques Villon ( July 31 , 1875 -- June 9 , 1963 ) was a French Cubist painter and printmaker .
Henryk Opieński ( 13 January 1870 -- 21 January 1942 ) was a Polish composer , violinist , teacher , administrator and musicologist .
Georg Friedrich Nicolai ( born : Lewinstein ) ( 6 February 1874 -- 8 October 1964 ) was a German physiologist .
Fritz Fischer ( 5 March 1908 -- 1 December 1999 ) was a German historian best known for his analysis of the causes of World War I. In the early 1960s Fischer put forward the controversial thesis that responsibility for the outbreak of the war rested solely on Imperial Germany .
Issa J. Boullata ( Arabic : عيسى بُلاطه ) is a Palestinian scholar , writer , and translator of Arabic literature .
Pierre Demargne ( French : ( dəmaʁɲ ) ) was born on February 8 , 1903 and died on December 13 , 2000 .
Hans - Joachim Spremberg ( 8 December 1943 -- 6 March 1978 ) was an East German news photographer with the state news agency .
María Josefa García Granados y Zavala ( 10 July 1796 - 28 July 1848 ) was a Guatelaman intellectual , writer , journalist and poet of Spanish origin , and one of the greatest intellectual exponents of the Independence of Guatemala in 1821 .
Hamid Ismailov ( Russian : Хамид Исмайлов ) ( Uzbek : Ҳамид Исмоилов or Абдулҳамид Исмоил ) born May 5 , 1954 in Tokmok , Kyrgyzstan , is an Uzbek journalist and writer who was forced to flee Uzbekistan in 1992 and came to the United Kingdom , where he took a job with the BBC World Service .
Luis Fernández de Córdoba y Arce was a Spanish sailor and military man who was Governor of Chile between May 1625 and December 1629 .
Count Renaud de la Frégeolière ( 29 April 1886 -- 16 April 1981 ) was a French author who became the first president of the Fédération Internationale de Bobsleigh et de Tobogganing ( FIBT -- International Bobsleigh and Tobogganing Federation ) , serving from 1923 to 1960 .
Ferdinand Falkson ( August 20 , 1820 -- August 31 , 1900 ) was a German physician and political writer .
Pablo Sorozábal Mariezcurrena ( 18 September 1897 -- 26 December 1988 ) was a Basque - Spanish composer of zarzuelas , symphonic works , and the popular romanza , `` No puede ser '' .
Torgrim Eggen ( born 29 October 1958 ) is a Norwegian musician , journalist , magazine editor , novelist and non - fiction writer .
Nishigandha Wad ( Marathi : निशिगंधा वाड ; born 11 October 1969 ) is an acclaimed Marathi film actress who has acted in Hindi films and in Hindi and Marathi serials .
Richard of Middleton ( Medieval Latin : Richardus de Mediavilla ) ( c.1249 - -c.1308 ) was a member of the Franciscan Order , a theologian , and scholastic philosopher .
Jean Pierre de Caussade ( 7 March 1675 -- 8 December 1751 ) was a French Jesuit priest and writer known for his work Abandonment to Divine Providence ( also translated as The Sacrament of the Present Moment ) and his work with Nuns of the Visitation in Nancy , France .
Sir Jonas Moore , FRS ( 1617 - -1679 ) was an English mathematician , surveyor , Ordnance Officer and patron of astronomy .
Ehrenfried Walther von Tschirnhaus ( or Tschirnhausen , German pronunciation : ( ˈeːʁənˌfʁiːt ˈwaltɐ fɔn ˈt͡ʃiːɐ̯nhaʊs ) ; 10 April 1651 -- 11 October 1708 ) was a German mathematician , physicist , physician , and philosopher .
René Nicolas Charles Augustin de Maupeou ( 25 February 1714 -- 29 July 1792 ) was a French lawyer , politician , and chancellor of France , whose attempts at reform signalled the failure of enlightened despotism in France .
William Cage ( 28 March 1666 -- 21 January 1738 ) was an English Tory politician who sat in the House of Commons of England from 1702 to 1705 and in the House of Commons of Great Britain from 1710 to 1715 .
Sir William Robinson , 1st Baronet ( 19 November 1655 -- 22 December 1736 ) , 1st Baronet of Newby - on - Swale , Yorkshire , was an English Member of Parliament and Lord Mayor of York .
Pedro Manuel Colón de Portugal , 7th Duke of Veragua , ( y de la Cueva ) , ( 25 December 1651 -- 9 September 1710 ) was a Spanish noble .
Jerónimo Bautista Lanuza ( 3 January 1533 -- 15 December 1624 ) was a Spanish Dominican friar , bishop and writer .
Paul Zacharia ( born 1945 ) is a Malayalam short story writer , novelist and essayist .
Sir Richard Grosvenor , 4th Baronet ( 1689 -- July 1732 ) was an English Member of Parliament and an ancestor of the modern day Dukes of Westminster .
Charles Louis Auguste Fouquet , duc de Belle - Isle ( 22 September 1684 -- 26 January 1761 ) was a French general and statesman .
Pedro Álvares Cabral ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( ˈpeðɾu ˈaɫvɐɾɨʃ kɐˈβɾaɫ ) or Brazilian Portuguese : ( ˈpedɾu ˈawvaɾis kaˈbɾaw ) ; c. 1467 or 1468 -- c. 1520 ) was a Portuguese nobleman , military commander , navigator and explorer regarded as the discoverer of Brazil .
Félix Poutré ( French pronunciation : ​(feliks putʁe ) ; 1814 - -1885 ) was a French Canadian patriot and spy , who became known both as a popular hero and an infamous traitor within Lower Canada following his involvement in the Lower Canada Rebellion .
António Ferreira Gomes ( Milhundos , Penafiel , 10 May 1906 - Ermesinde , 13 April 1989 ) was a Portuguese Roman Catholic bishop , and is considered one of the most notable figures of Portuguese Catholic hierarchy in the 20th century .
Peter Burrell , 1st Baron Gwydyr PC ( 16 June 1754 -- 29 June 1820 ) featured in English politics at the end of the 18th century , but he was best known for his involvement in cricket , particularly his part in the foundation of Marylebone Cricket Club in 1787 .
Kanji Nishio ( b. 1935 ) is a Japanese intellectual and professor emeritus of literature at the University of Electro - Communications in Tokyo , Japan .
Madis Kõiv ( 5 December 1929 , Tartu , Estonia -- 24 September 2014 , Tartu , Estonia ) was an Estonian writer , philosopher and physicist .
Angela Huth ( born 29 August 1938 ) is an English novelist and journalist .
Leander Haußmann ( sometimes Haussmann ) ( born 26 June 1959 , Quedlinburg ) is a German theatre and film director .
Henri - Georges Clouzot ( French pronunciation : ​(ɑ̃ʁi ʒɔʁʒ kluzo ) ; 18 August 1907 -- 12 January 1977 ) was a French film director , screenwriter and producer .
René Belbenoît ( French pronunciation : ​(ʁəne bɛlbənwa ) ; April 4 , 1899 -- February 26 , 1959 ) was a French prisoner on Devil 's Island who successfully escaped to the United States .
Sergey Narovchatov ( Russian : Серге́й Серге́евич Наровчатов ) ( 1919 - -1981 ) was a Russian author and editor - in - chief of the literary magazine Novy Mir from 1974 to 1981 .
Mirza Alakbar Sabir ( Azerbaijani : Mirzə Ələkbər Sabir ) , born Alakbar Zeynalabdin oglu Tahirzadeh ( 30 May 1862 , Shamakhy -- 12 July 1911 , Shamakhy ) was an Azerbaijani satirical poet , public figure , philosopher and teacher .
Michael J. Bassett is an English screenwriter and film director .
Willem van Moerbeke , O.P. ( Latin : Gulielmus de Moerbecum ) ( 1215 - 35 -- c. 1286 ) , known in the English speaking world as William of Moerbeke , was a prolific medieval translator of philosophical , medical , and scientific texts from Greek language into Latin .
Custo Dalmau ( Catalan pronunciation : ( ˈkusto ðaɫˈmaw ) ) ( born in the Spanish Pyrenees as Ángel Custodio Dalmau Salmons , Tremp , Spain 1959 ) is a fashion designer .
Erhard Weigel ( December 16 , 1625 -- March 21 , 1699 ) was a German mathematician , astronomer and philosopher .
Pierre de Marca ( January 24 , 1594 -- June 29 , 1662 ) was a French bishop and historian , born at Gan in Béarn of a family distinguished in the magistracy .
Roger Leloup ( French : ( ləlu ) ; born 17 November 1933 ) is a Belgian comic strip artist , novelist , and a former collaborator of Hergé , who would rely upon him to create detailed , realistic drawings and elaborate decoration for The Adventures of Tintin .
Pierre Mignard ( 7 November 1612 -- 30 May 1695 ) , called `` Le Romain '' to distinguish him from his brother Nicolas Mignard , was a French painter .
Antonio Tajani ( born 4 August 1953 in Rome ) is an Italian politician and is one of the fourteen vice - presidents of the European Parliament .
Armando Palacio Valdés ( October 4 , 1853 - January 29 , 1938 ) was a Spanish novelist and critic .
Lu Deming ( 陸德明 ; 556 - 627 ) was Tang dynasty Chinese scholar , author of the Jingdian Shiwen , which provides annotations on the classics , including alternate pronunciations of characters in specific contexts .
Laurent Fels , PhD in French literature , is a writer and professor in Luxembourg and is a member of the research centre ' Écritures ' of the Université de Lorraine .
Alicia Giménez Bartlett ( born 10 June 1951 in Almansa , Albacete , Spain is a Spanish writer particularly known for her series of detective novels protagonized by Petra Delicado .
Alain Passard ( French pronunciation : ​(alɛ̃ pasaʁ ) ; born 4 August 1956 at La Guerche - de - Bretagne , France ) is a French chef and owner of the three - star restaurant L'Arpège in Paris .
Ole Peter Arnulf Øverland ( 27 April 1889 -- 25 March 1968 ) was a Norwegian poet born in Kristiansund and raised in Bergen .
Paolo Guzzanti ( born 1 August 1940 ) is an Italian journalist and politician .
Sebastian Münster ( 20 January 1488 -- 26 May 1552 ) , was a German cartographer , cosmographer , and a Christian Hebraist scholar .
Georges Charachidzé ( Giorgi Sharashidze ; Georgian : გიორგი შარაშიძე ) ( February 11 , 1930 -- February 20 , 2010 ) was a French - Georgian scholar of the Caucasian cultures .
David Favrholdt ( 24 April 1931 -- 6 December 2012 ) was a Danish philosopher , educated with M.A.s in psychology and philosophy and later Dr. Phil . from Copenhagen University .
Ralph Etwall ( 30 May 1804 - 15 Dec 1882 ) was an English Whig and Liberal politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1831 to 1847 .
James Fox - Lane ( August 1756 -- 7 April 1821 ) , known as James Fox until 1773 , was an English landed gentleman , who represented Horsham in Parliament for six years .
Jilly Cooper OBE ( born 21 February 1937 ) is an English author .
Jean Jacques Émile Cheysson ( 18 May 1836 -- 7 February 1910 ) was a French ingenieur .
Pudukkottai Ulaganathan Pillai Chinnappa ( 5 May 1916 -- 23 September 1951 ) , also popularly known as P. U. Chinnappa , was a popular singer and Tamil movie actor during the 1930s and from Pudukottai , Tamil Nadu , India .
Antonio Visentini ( 21 November 1688 -- 26 June 1782 ) was an Italian architectural designer , painter and engraver , known for his architectural fantasies and capricci , the author of treatises on perspective and a professor at the Venetian Academy .
Johann Abraham Peter Schulz ( 31 March 1747 , Lüneburg -- 10 June 1800,Schwedt ) was a German musician .
Marcellinus Comes ( died c. 534 ) was a Latin chronicler of the Eastern Roman Empire .
Bohumil Mathesius ( July 14 , 1888 -- June 2 , 1952 ) was a Czech poet , translator , publicist and literary scientist -- expert on Russian literature .
Miguel Ángel Nieto de la Calle ( born 12 January 1986 in Madrid ) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Hércules CF as a right winger .
Agustí Villaronga Riutort ( Catalan pronunciation : ( əɣusˈti viʎəˈɾoŋɡə ) ; born 4 April 1953 ) is a Balearic Spanish film director , screenwriter and actor .
Bai Juyi ( also Bo Juyi or Po Chu - i ; Chinese : 白居易 ; pinyin : Bai Juyi ; 772 - -846 ) was a renowned Chinese poet and Tang Dynasty government official .
Francisco Cacharro Pardo ( 16 November 1936 -- 8 March 2015 ) was a Spanish politician who was President of the Provincial Deputation of Lugo between 1983 and 2007 .
Juan Eduardo Cirlot Laporta ( April 9 , 1916 -- May 11 , 1973 ) was a Spanish poet , art critic , hermeneutist , mythologist , and musician .
Vlad Georgescu ( 1937 - -1988 ) , Romanian historian , was the director of the Romanian - language department of Radio Free Europe between 1983 and 1988 .
Bernardo Bertolucci ( Italian : ( berˈnardo bertoˈluttʃi ) ; born 16 March 1941 ) is an Italian film director and screenwriter , whose films include The Conformist , Last Tango in Paris , 1900 , The Last Emperor , The Sheltering Sky and The Dreamers .
Jesús Aguirre y Ortiz de Zárate , Duke Consort of Alba ( June 9 , 1934 -- May 11 , 2001 ) was a Spanish intellectual , Jesuit priest , literary editor , and aristocrat .
Vinay Forrt ( Malayalam : വിനയ് ഫോര്‍ട്ട്‌ ) is an Indian film and theater actor .
Éric Pichet ( born in 1960 ) is a professor at KEDGE Business School teaching at a post - graduate level and French economist .
Pomponius Porphyrion ( or Porphyrio ) was a Latin grammarian and commentator on Horace .
Francis Pasche ( French : ( paʃ ) ; 7 May 1910 -- 12 September 1996 ) was a French psychoanalyst .
Isaac ibn Sid was a Spanish - Jewish astronomer ; he flourished at the Toledo School of Translators in the second half of the thirteenth century .
Alexander Görlach ( born December 28 , 1976 ) is a German author and syndicated columnist .
André Weil ( /veɪ/ ; French : ( ɑ̃dʁe vɛj ) ; 6 May 1906 -- 6 August 1998 ) was an influential French mathematician of the 20th century , known for his foundational work in number theory and algebraic geometry .
Johann Albrecht Adelgrief ( died 11 October 1636 ) was an alleged German prophet , born in the environs of Elbląg ( Elbing ) , Poland .
Giorgio Morandi ( July 20 , 1890 -- June 18 , 1964 ) was an Italian painter and printmaker who specialized in still life .
Vincenzo Gemito ( July 16 , 1852 - March 1 , 1929 ) was an Italian sculptor and artist .
Sir Matthew Fetherstonhaugh , 1st Baronet , FRS ( /ˈfɛðəːstənhɔː/ ; c. 1714 -- 1774 ) was an English politician and landowner .
Beatrice Hastings was the pen name of Emily Alice Haigh ( 27 January 1879 -- 30 October 1943 ) an English writer , poet and literary critic .
Giovanni Girolamo Kapsperger ( also : Johann(es ) Hieronymus Kapsberger or Giovanni Geronimo Kapsperger ; c. 1580 -- 17 January 1651 ) was a German - Italian virtuoso performer and composer of the early Baroque period .
Louis Eugène Marie Bautain ( 17 February 1796 -- 15 October 1867 ) , was a French philosopher and theologian .
Rainis was the pseudonym of Jānis Pliekšāns ( September 11 ( O.S. August 30 ) 1865 -- September 12 , 1929 ) , a Latvian poet , playwright , translator , and politician .
Edith Mastenbroek ( 23 March 1975 -- 23 August 2012 ) was a Dutch politician and Member of the European Parliament .
Ronaldo de Assis Moreira ( born 21 March 1980 ) , commonly known as Ronaldinho ( Brazilian Portuguese : ( ʁonawˈdʒĩɲu ) ) or Ronaldinho Gaúcho , is a Brazilian footballer .
Fermín Solís Campos ( born May 16 , 1972 ) is a Spanish cartoonist , animator , and illustrator .
Théophile Le Grand de la Liraye ( 1819 - -1873 ) was a French Roman Catholic Priest , later defrocked , in Vietnam at the time of Charles Rigault de Genouilly 's invasion of Vietnam in 1858 .
Attilio Piccioni ( 14 July 1892 -- 10 March 1976 ) was an Italian politician , born in Poggio Bustone .
Yi Kwang - su ( Hangul : 이광수 ; 1892 , Chongju -- 1950 ) was a Korean writer and independence activist .
Jacques Boyceau , sieur de la Barauderie ( ca . 1560 -- 1633 ) was a French garden designer , the superintendent of royal gardens under Louis XIII , whose posthumously produced Traité du iardinage selon les raisons de la nature et de l'art .
Wigald Boning ( born 20 January 1967 in Wildeshausen ) is a German actor , singer , writer and television presenter .
Jacques Brault ( born March 29 , 1933 ) is a French Canadian poet and translator who lives in Cowansville , Quebec , Canada .
John Dunton ( 4 May 1659 -- 1733 ) was an English bookseller and author .
Radu Aldulescu ( born 29 June 1954 , Bucharest ) is a contemporany Romanian novelist .
Carola Hansson - Boëthius ( born 7 September 1942 ) is a Swedish novelist , dramatist and translator .
Eduardo Nicol ( Barcelona , Spain 1907 - México 1990 ) , Mexican - Spanish philosopher , arrived in Mexico in 1939 , obtained his major in philosophy from UNAM , the biggest university in Mexico , where he taught from 1940 .
Stanislas Lami ( 30 November 1858 -- 31 January 1944 ) was a French sculptor and art historian .
Odd Winger ( 8 January 1923 - 4 February 1998 ) was a Norwegian journalist , novelist and children 's writer .
Edwar al - Kharrat ( Arabic : ادوار الخراط‎ ; 16 March 1926 -- 1 December 2015 ) was an Egyptian novelist , writer and critic .
Edward Williams , better known by his bardic name Iolo Morganwg ( ( ˈjɔlɔ mɔrˈɡanʊɡ ) ; 10 March 1747 -- 18 December 1826 ) , was an influential Welsh antiquarian , poet , collector , and literary forger .
Gerald McMorrow ( born 1970 ) is an English writer and filmmaker .
Jörn Donner has for long periods lived and worked in Sweden , and has , among other things , serving as director of the Swedish Film Institute .
Thomas Gainsborough FRSA ( christened 14 May 1727 , died 2 August 1788 ) was an English portrait and landscape painter , draughtsman , and printmaker .
Frans Bauer ( born 30 December 1973 in Roosendaal ) is a Dutch singer of `` het levenslied '' ( Dutch Schlager ) .
Claude Lévi - Strauss ( English /klɔːd ˈleɪvi ˈstraʊs/ ; French : ( klod levi stʁos ) ; 28 November 1908 -- 30 October 2009 ) was a French anthropologist and ethnologist whose work was key in the development of the theory of structuralism and structural anthropology .
Michelangelo Pistoletto ( born 25 June 1933 ) is an Italian painter , action and object artist , and art theorist .
Paul Auguste Hariot ( 1854 - 5 July 1917 ) , the son of Louis Hariot ( also a pharmacist ) , was a French pharmacist and noted phycologist , best known for his 1900 publication Atlas Colorié des Plantes Médicinales Indigènes .
Regina Derieva ( Russian : Реги́на Ио́сифовна Дери́ева ; IPA : ( rʲɪˈɡʲinə ɪˈosʲɪfəvnə dʲɪˈrʲijɪvə ) ; 1949 -- December 11 , 2013 ) was a Russian poet and writer who published around thirty books of poetry , essays , and prose .
Zlatko Hasanbegović ( born 14 June 1973 ) is a Croatian historian who serves as the 10th Minister of Culture in the Cabinet of Tihomir Orešković since 22 January 2016 .
Leonhart Fuchs ( ˈfʊks ) ( 1501 -- 10 May 1566 ) , sometimes spelled Leonhard Fuchs , was a German physician and botanist .
Pier Vittorio Tondelli ( September 14 , 1955 - December 16 , 1991 ) was an Italian writer who wrote a small but influential body of work .
Wincenty Lutosławski ( 1863 - -1954 ) was a Polish philosopher , author , and member of the Polish National League .
Ana Hatherly ( May 8 , 1929 -- August 5 , 2015 ) was a Portuguese academic , poet , visual artist , and writer .
Régis Marcon ( born June 14 , 1956 ) is a French chef and `` Maître Restaurateur '' .
Antonio Tabucchi ( Italian : ( anˈtɔnjo taˈbukki ) ; 24 September 1943 -- 25 March 2012 ) was an Italian writer and academic who taught Portuguese language and literature at the University of Siena , Italy .
Juan Manuel Trujillo ( 1907 - -1976 ) was a Spanish essayist and publisher .
Judah ibn Verga ( Hebrew : יהודה אבן וירגה ) was a Spanish historian , kabalist , perhaps also mathematician , and astronomer , of the 15th century , born at Seville .
Darío Villalba Flores ( born February 22 , 1939 in San Sebastián ) is a Spanish painter , photographer , and former competitive figure skater .
Alifa Rifaat wrote in Arabic throughout her literary career .
Hans Dragendorff ( 15 October 1870 in Dorpat ( Tartu ) , Estonia -- 29 January 1941 in Freiburg , Germany ) was a Baltic German scholar who introduced the first classification system for the type of Ancient Roman pottery known as Samian ware or Terra sigillata , in 1896 , using type numbers .
Tomás de Añorbe y Corregel ( 1686 , Madrid - 1741 ) was a Spanish playwright and poet .
Reinhard Sorge ( 29 January 1892 , Berlin , German Empire -- 20 July 1916 , Ablaincourt , France ) was a German dramatist and poet .
Elias Lönnrot ( Finnish : ( ˈɛlias ˈlœnruːt ) ; 9 April 1802 -- 19 March 1884 ) was a Finnish physician , philologist and collector of traditional Finnish oral poetry .
Alberto Cavallari ( Piacenza , 1 September 1927 -- Levanto , 20 July 1998 ) was an Italian journalist and writer .
Jean - Louis Crémieux - Brilhac ( 22 January 1917 -- 8 April 2015 ) was a member of the Free French Forces in World War II and the France Libre organization based in London .
Mauro Carbone ( Mantua , 8 December 1956 ) is an Italian philosopher .
Georges Bizet ( French : ( ʒɔʁʒ bizɛ ) ; 25 October 1838 -- 3 June 1875 ) , registered at birth as Alexandre César Léopold Bizet , was a French composer of the romantic era .
Leopoldo Panero , Spanish poet born in Astorga in 1909 and deceased in 1962 .
Alfhild Hovdan ( née Olsen ; 13 September 1904 -- 20 February 1982 ) was a Norwegian journalist , and later tourist manager for the city of Oslo for more than forty years .
Dimitrie Stelaru ( pen name of Dumitru Petrescu ; March 8 , 1917 -- November 28 , 1971 ) was a Romanian poet .
Félix Regnault ( 17 June 1863 in Rennes -- 4 October 1938 ) was a French physician , anthropologist and prehistorian .
Signe Hasso ( 15 August 1915 -- 7 June 2002 ) was a Swedish actress , writer and composer .
Dr. Wolf - Ulrich Cropp ( born July 25 , 1941 in Hamburg , Germany ) is a German writer who , in his work as a businessman and authorized agent for national and international companies , travelled to every continent .
Heinrich Bolten - Baeckers ( 1871 - -1938 ) was a German playwright , screenwriter , film director and producer .
Kinga Preis ( born 31 August 1971 , in Wrocław ) is a Polish actress .
Rajabhau Dattatraya Paranjpe ( Marathi : राजाभाऊ परांजपे दत्तात्रय ; April 24 , 1910 -- February 9 , 1979 ) , known as Raja Paranjape ( Marathi : राजा परांजपे ) , was an Indian actor , director , producer and writer in the Marathi film and Hindi film industries .
Pasquale Chessa , born in Alghero , is an Italian historian and journalist .
Ghaleb Bencheikh is a member of the sponsoring committee of the French Coalition for the Decade , spreading culture of peace and non - violence .
Albert Spaggiari ( December 14 , 1932 -- June 8 , 1989 ) , nicknamed Bert , was a French criminal chiefly known as the organizer of a break - in into a Société Générale bank in Nice , France in 1976 .
Georg Sabinus or Georg Schuler ( 23 April 1508 - 2 December 1560 ) was a German poet , diplomat and academic .
Vincent Garcia de la Huerta(or , Vicente Antonio García de la Huerta)(1729 - 1797 ) was an 18th - century Spanish poet , author , dramatist , and critic .
Mara Torres ( Madrid , September 25 , 1974 ) is a Spanish journalist , author , and radio and television host .
Mikhail Leonidovich Gromov ( also spelled Mikhael Gromov or Michael Gromov ; Russian : Михаи́л Леони́дович Гро́мов ; born 23 December 1943 ) , is a French--
Michel Serre ( 1658 - -1733 ) was a Catalan - born French painter .
Primitivo Lázaro Martínez ( 1909 -- 10 May 1997 ) was a Spanish pianist and composer .
Karl Schnaase ( 7 September 1798 -- 20 May 1875 ) was a distinguished German art historian and jurist .
Gian Vittorio Rossi , also known as Giano Nicio Eritreo , ( 1577 - -1647 ) was an Italian poet , philologist , and historian .
Kurt Kusenberg ( June 24 , 1904 -- October 3 , 1983 ) was a German author of short stories .
Devorah Baron ( also spelled Dvora Baron and Deborah Baron ) ( December 4 , 1887 - August 20 , 1956 ) was a pioneering Jewish writer , noted for writing in Modern Hebrew and for making a career as a Hebrew author .
Walid Haj Yahia ( Arabic : وليد حاج يحيى‎ ; Hebrew : וליד חאג'-יחיא‎ , also known as Walid Sadik , born 1936 ) is an Israeli Arab former politician who served as a member of the Knesset for the Left Camp of Israel and Meretz .
Vincenzo Grimani ( 15 May 1652 or 26 May 1655 -- 26 September 1710 ) was an Italian cardinal , diplomat , and opera librettist .
Jean Victor Adam ( 1801 - -1867 ) was a French painter and lithographer ,
Sir Francis Seymour Haden ( 16 September 1818 -- 1 June 1910 ) , was an English surgeon , best known as an etcher .
Stanley Clifford - Smith ( 1906 - 1968 ) was an English Expressionist painter and textile designer who was active as an artist in the 1940s , 50s and 60s .
( In Bernarr Rainbow on Music - see below ) English psalmody prefaces : popular methods of teaching , 1562 - 1835 , Boethius Press ( London , 1982)/Boydell .
Wladimir de Schoenefeld ( 12 January 1816 in Berlin -- 8 September 1875 in Paris ) was a German - born , French botanist .
Julius Bab ( December 11 , 1880 -- February 12 , 1955 ) was a German dramatist and theater critic .
Paul Gibier ( 1851 - -1900 ) was a French doctor and bacteriologist , a researcher into contagious diseases , who founded the New York Pasteur Institute .
Eddie Barclay ( 26 January 1921 -- 13 May 2005 ) was a French music producer whose singers included Jacques Brel , Dalida and Charles Aznavour .
Aruna Irani ( born 18 August 1946 ) is an Indian actress , who has acted in over 300 films in Hindi , Marathi and Gujarati cinema , mostly playing supporting roles .
Sir Edward James Salisbury FRS ( 16 April 1886 -- 10 November 1978 ) was an English botanist and ecologist .
Antonio de Trueba ( 24 December 1819 -- 10 March 1889 ) was a Spanish poet , novelist , and folklorist .
Marco Minghetti ( November 18 , 1818 -- December 10 , 1886 ) was an Italian economist and statesman .
André Couder ( 27 November 1897 -- 16 January 1979 ) was a French optician and astronomer .
Benedetto Croce ( Italian : ( beneˈdetto ˈkroːtʃe ) ; 25 February 1866 -- 20 November 1952 ) was an Italian idealist philosopher , historian and occasionally also politician .
Hans Hartung ( 21 September 1904 -- 7 December 1989 ) was a German - French painter , known for his gestural abstract style .
Carmen de Icaza ( b. 17 May 1899 , Madrid , Spain -- d. 16 March 1979 ) was a Spanish novelist from 1935 to 1960 .
Vladislav Petković Dis ( Serbian Cyrillic : Владислав Петковић Дис ; born Vladislav Petković ; 12 March 1880 -- 16 May/29 May 1917 ) was a Serbian poet , part of the impressionism movement in European poetry , known as Moderna / Symbolism in Serbia .
Bernard Mathieu ( born 11 January 1959 ) is a French Egyptologist who was director of the Institut français d'archéologie orientale from 1999 to 2005 .
Pablo de Céspedes ( 1538 -- July 26 , 1608 ) was a Spanish painter , poet , and architect .
Friedrich Gerhard Rohlfs ( April 14 , 1831 -- June 2 , 1896 ) was a German geographer , explorer , author and adventurer .
Flavius Sosipater Charisius ( fl . 4th century ) was a Latin grammarian .
A doyenne of Hindi and Gujarati films as well as theatre , Dina Pathak acted in over 120 films in a career spanning over six decades .
Sir John Frederick Neville Cardus , CBE ( 3 April 1888 -- 28 February 1975 ) was an English writer and critic .
Kaarle Krohn ( May 10 , 1863 -- July 19 , 1933 ) was a Finnish folklorist , professor and developer of the geographic - historic method of folklore research .
Vittoria Colonna ( April 1492 -- 25 February 1547 ) , marchioness of Pescara , was an Italian noblewoman and poet .
Antonio López García ( born 6 January 1936 ) is a Spanish painter and sculptor , known for his realistic style .
Eugen Filotti ( July 28 ( July 17 O.S. ) 1896 -- June 1 , 1975 ) was a Romanian diplomat , journalist and writer .
Ambrosius Lobwasser ( 1515 - -1585 ) was a German humanist and translator , born in Saxony .
Henry Lincoln ( born Henry Soskin , 1930 ) is an English author , television presenter , scriptwriter and former supporting actor .
Isaac Puente Amestoy ( 3 June 1896 -- 1 September 1936 ) , born in Las Carreras near Biscay , was a Basque physician and Spanish anarchist of a strong anarchist communist bent , who adhered to concerns around birth control , hygiene and sexuality .
Luisa Carvajal y Mendoza ( 2 January 1566 -- 2 January 1614 ) was a member of the Spanish nobility , a family connection of the Duke of Lerma and religious poet and writer .
M. K. Kamalam ( 1923 -- 20 April 2010 ) was an Indian actress in Malayalam cinema .
Fernando Dinarte Santos Silva ( born 3 October 1980 ) , known simply as Fernando , is a Portuguese retired footballer .
Friedrich Wilhelm Marpurg ( 21 November 1718 -- 22 May 1795 ) was a German music critic , music theorist and composer .
Arnaud Danjean ( born 11 February 1971 in Louhans , Saône - et - Loire ) is a French politician and a Member of the European Parliament , elected in the 2009 European election for the East constituency .
Rolf Anders Isaksson ( 9 May 1943 -- 17 January 2009 ) was a Swedish journalist , writer , and historian , possibly best known for his four - volume biography of Swedish social democratic politics and Prime Minister Per Albin Hansson 's life .
Edgar Demange ( April 22 , 1841 in Versailles -- February 1925 in Paris ) was a French jurist .
Kurt Kretschmann ( 2 March 1914 -- 20 January 2007 ) was a German Nature Conservationist .
Mark Tacher was born in Mexico City , Mexico , D.F. Mark holds a degree in acting , has a background in music and singing , speaks three languages ( Spanish , English and Hebrew ) , and has also modeled several brands of clothing and footwear .
Gaetano Martino ( 25 November 1900 - 21 July 1967 ) was an Italian politician , physician and university teacher .
José Antonio Pecharromán Fabián ( born 1978 - 06 - 16 in Cáceres ) is a Spanish professional road bicycle racer and former rider of SL Benfica .
Philippe Nys ( 1947 , Tournai ) is a Belgian - born French philosopher .
Catharine Macaulay ( born Catharine Sawbridge and , by the time of her death , Catharine Graham ) ( 23 March 1731 -- 22 June 1791 ) was an English historian .
Pierre Allorge ( 12 April 1891 -- 21 January 1944 ) was a French botanist born in Paris .
Nicholas Blincoe is an English author , critic and screenwriter .
Carlo Pedretti ( born in Bologna , 1928 ) is an Italian historian .
Alan Mac Clyde is the pseudonym of two different French authors of pornographic novels , the first active in the 1930s , the second in the 1950s .
Alberto Casañal Shakery ( 1875 - -1943 ) was a Spanish poet , playwright , humorist and writer .
Jerónimo Gracián or Jerome Gratian ( 6 June 1545 -- 21 September 1614 ) was a Spanish Carmelite and writer .
Jacques Bertin ( 27 July 1918 -- 3 May 2010 ) was a French cartographer and theorist , known from his book Semiologie Graphique ( Semiology of Graphics ) , published in 1967 .
Ion Ionescu de la Brad ( June 24 , 1818 -- December 16 , 1891 ) , born Ion Isăcescu , was a Moldavian - born Romanian revolutionary , agronomist , statistician , scholar and writer .
Jainendra Kumar ( जैनेन्द्र कुमार , 2 January 1905 - 24 December 1988 ) , was an influential Hindi writer of 20th century .
Armin Ulrich ( born November 1 , 1966 ) is a German film director , theatre director and film producer .
Vicent Partal ( Valencian pronunciation : ( viˈsɛm paɾˈtaɫ ) ) ( Bétera , Valencia ; 1960 ) is a Spanish journalist , founder and manager of VilaWeb .
Konstanty Troczyński ( born December 9 , 1906 in Częstochowa - 1942 in Auschwitz ) was a Polish literature theoretician and critic .
Pablo Nieto Aguilar ( born 4 June 1980 , in Madrid , Community of Madrid ) is a Spanish former Grand Prix motorcycle road racer currently involved in team management .
Houshang Moradi Kermani ( born 7 September 1944 ) ( Persian : هوشنگ مرادی کرمانی‎ ) is an eminent Iranian writer best known for children 's and young - adult fiction .
François - Joseph - Victor Broussais ( 17 December 1772 , St Malo -- 17 November 1838 , Vitry - sur - Seine ) was a French physician .
Kurt Aland ( 28 March 1915 -- 13 April 1994 ) was a German theologian and Biblical scholar who specialized in New Testament textual criticism .
Henri Guillaume Galeotti ( 10 September 1814 -- 1858 ) was a French - Belgian botanist and geologist of Italian parentage born in Paris .
José Celestino Mutis ( 6 April 1732 -- 11 September 1808 ) was a Spanish priest , botanist and mathematician .
Jamil Sidqi al - Zahawi ( 1863 - -1936 ) ( Arabic : جميل صدقي الزهاوي‎ , Jamīl Sidqī al - Zahāwī ) was a prominent Iraqi poet and philosopher .
Dominic Burns ( born 1983 ) is an English film director , screenwriter , producer and actor .
Károly Ferenczy ( February 8 , 1862 -- March 18 , 1917 ) was a Hungarian painter and leading member of the Nagybánya artists ' colony .
François Gabriel Théodore Basset de Jolimont ( 8 February 1787 -- 1854 ) was a French artist , lithographer , painter and antiquary .
Wendy Bouchard ( born on June 22 , 1980 ) is a French journalist , radio and television presenter .
Johann Arndt ( or Arnd ; 27 December 1555 -- 11 May 1621 ) was a German Lutheran theologian who wrote several influential books of devotional Christianity .
Klaus Kubitzki ( born 1933 ) is a German botanist .
Svetlana Geier , née Swetlana Michailovna Ivanova , ( 26 April 1923 in Kiev , USSR -- 7 November 2010 in Freiburg i m Breisgau ) was a literary translator who translated from her native Russian into German .
Pierre Salviac is a French journalist and a commentator of Rugby , born June 28 , 1946 in Rochefort , Charente - Maritime .
Kamin Kamani ( Thai : คามิน คมนีย์ ; rtgs : Khamin Khamani , born in Nakhon Si Thammarat , Thailand ) is a Thai writer .
Alexander Moritz Frey ( 1881 - -1957 ) was a German author known for his fantasy books .
Antide Janvier ( 1 July 1751 -- 23 September 1835 ) was a French clockmaker .
Anne Sylvestre ( French : ( an silvɛstʁ ) , born Anne - Marie Beugras 20 June 1934 ) is a French singer and songwriter .
Jean Varin or Warin ( 6 February 1604 -- c.1672 ) was a French sculptor and engraver who made important innovations in the process of minting coins .
Michael Rutschky ( born 25 May 1943 in Berlin ) is a German author .
Thure Erik Lund ( born 27 June 1959 at Vikersund ) is a Norwegian author and cabinet maker .
Dora Patricia Mercado Castro ( Spanish pronunciation : ( paˈtɾisja merˈkaðo ) ; born 1957 in Ciudad Obregón , Sonora ) is a Mexican feminist politician .
Per Hallström ( 29 September 1866 , Stockholm -- 18 February 1960 ) was a Swedish author , short - story writer , dramatist , poet and member of the Swedish Academy .
Jacques Dars ( 1941 -- 28 December 2010 ) was a French sinologist .
Victor Francen ( 5 August 1888 -- 18 November 1977 ) , born Victor Franssens , was a Belgian - born actor with a long career in French cinema and in Hollywood .
Max Brod ( Hebrew : מקס ברוד ; May 27 , 1884 -- December 20 , 1968 ) was a German - speaking Czech Jewish , later Israeli , author , composer , and journalist .
Carla Accardi ( 9 October 1924 -- 23 February 2014 ) was an Italian painter who contributed significantly to the acceptance of abstract art in Italy .
Hans - Georg Stümke ( September 16 , 1941 in Königsberg -- September 29 , 2002 in Berlin ) was a German author , teacher , historian and publisher .
Dominique Jean Larrey ( French : ( larɛ ) ; 8 July 1766 -- 25 July 1842 ) was a French surgeon in Napoleon 's Grand Armée and an important innovator in battlefield medicine and triage .
Emil Artin ( German : ( ˈaɐ̯tiːn ) ; March 3 , 1898 -- December 20 , 1962 ) was an Austrian mathematician .
Sir Travers Twiss QC FRS ( March 19 , 1809 in London -- January 14 , 1897 in London ) was an English jurist .
Jiří Gruša ( 10 November 1938 , in Pardubice -- 28 October 2011 , in Bad Oeynhausen ) was a Czech poet , novelist , translator , diplomat and politician .
Honoré Champion ( 1846 - -1913 ) was a French publisher .
Stefan Kieniewicz ( 20 September 1907 in Dereszewicze - 2 May 1992 in Konstancin ) was a Polish historian and university professor , notable for his works on 19th century history of Poland .
Evald Tang Kristensen ( 24 January 1843 -- 8 April 1929 ) was a Danish folklore collector and author .
John Hearle Tremayne ( 17 March 1780 -- 27 August 1851 ) was a member of a landed family in the English county of Cornwall , and owner of the Heligan estate near Mevagissey .
François de Joyeuse ( 24 June 1562 -- 23 August 1615 ) was a French churchman and politician .
Cecil Schwabe ( 3 September 1897 -- 20 April 1971 ) who performed under the stage name Cecil Parker was an English character and comedy actor with a distinctive husky voice and a supercilious demeanor , who usually played supporting roles in his 91 films made between 1928 and 1969 .
Émile Schuffenecker ( 8 December 1851 -- 31 July 1934 ) was a French Post - Impressionist artist , painter , art teacher and art collector .
Meïr Leibush ben Yehiel Michel Wisser ( Russian : Меир-Лейбуш бен Йехиэл-Михл ) ( March 7 , 1809 -- September 18 , 1879 ) , better known as The Malbim ( Hebrew : מלבי``ם‎ ) , was a rabbi , master of Hebrew grammar , and Bible commentator .
François Achille Longet ( 25 May 1811 -- 20 April 1871 ) was a French anatomist and physiologist who was a native of Saint Germain - en - Laye , Yvelines .
Margherita Cogo ( born 2 October 1951 ) was the first woman to be President of the Italian autonomous region of Trentino - Alto Adige / Südtirol and also the region 's first Vice President .
Francesco Maria Appendini ( November 4 , 1768 -- 1837 ) was an Italian Latin and Italian scholar , who studied Slavic languages in the Republic of Ragusa .
Emiliano Reali ( Italian pronunciation : ( ɛ'mi.lja.'no rɛa.li ) ) ; born November 3 , 1976 in Rome , is an Italian writer .
Jacques Mayol was a French national born in Shanghai , China .
Julio Anguita Parrado or Julio A. Parrado , as he often signed his articles ( Cordoba , Spain , January 3 , 1971 - Baghdad , Iraq , April 7 , 2003 ) , was a journalist and a Spanish war correspondent .
Nigel de Longchamps , also known as Nigel Wireker , ( fl . c. 1190 , died c. 1200 ) , was an English satirist and poet of the late twelfth century , writing in Latin .
Chaitanya Krishna is a South Indian actor who mainly stars in Telugu films / Tollywood .
Lazzaro Spallanzani ( Italian pronunciation : ( ˈladdzaro spallanˈtsaːni ) ; 10 January 1729 -- 12 February 1799 ) was an Italian Catholic priest , biologist and physiologist who made important contributions to the experimental study of bodily functions , animal reproduction , and essentially animal echolocation .
Michel Le Clerc ( 1622 , Albi -- 8 December 1691 ) was a French lawyer and dramatist .
Detlev Buck ( born December 1 , 1962 in Bad Segeberg ) is a German film director , actor , producer and screenwriter .
William Blanchard Jerrold ( London 23 December 1826 -- 10 March 1884 ) , was an English journalist and author .
Augustin Jacob Landré - Beauvais ( 1772 - -1840 ) was a French surgeon best known for his description of rheumatoid arthritis .
Friedrich August Wolf ( German : ( vɔlf ) ; 15 February 1759 -- 8 August 1824 ) was a German philologist and critic .
Tristano Martinelli ( c. 1555 -- 1630 ) , called Dominus Arlecchinorum , the `` Master of Harlequins '' , was an Italian actor in the commedia dell'arte tradition .
Sandhya Roy ( Bengali : সন্ধ্যা রায় ) is an Indian actress and politician .
Wilhelm Schubart ( 21 October 1873 , Liegnitz -- 9 August 1960 ) was a German ancient historian .
Carlo Carrà ( ˈkarlo karˈra ) ( February 11 , 1881 -- April 13 , 1966 ) was an Italian painter and a leading figure of the Futurist movement that flourished in Italy during the beginning of the 20th century .
Salma de Nora ( born 16 June 1979 ) is a Spanish pornographic actress who began her career in December 2003 .
Alexandre Teulet ( January 29 , 1807- March 23 , 1866 ) was a French Palaeographer , archivist , and historian .
Pierre Albuisson ( born 26 September 1952 in Madagascar ) is a French postage stamp engraver and designer .
Fabio Mussi ( born 22 January 1948 ) is an Italian politician , formerly Minister of University and Research in the Prodi II Cabinet .
İdil Biret ( born 21 November 1941 in Ankara , Turkey ) is a Turkish concert pianist , renowned for her interpretations of the Romantic repertoire .
Jean - Henri Claude Mangin was a French magistrate ( 7 March 1786 Metz- 1835 ) .
Carl Amery ( 9 April 1922 -- 24 May 2005 ) , the pen name of Christian Anton Mayer , was a German writer and environmental activist .
Houshang Golshiri ( Persian : هوشنگ گلشیری‎‎ ; 1937 -- June 6 , 2000 ) was an Iranian fiction writer , critic and editor .
Adolphus William Young ( 1814 -- 4 November 1885 ) was an English solicitor who spent some years in New South Wales and became a member of the New South Wales Legislative Council .
Wolfram Adalbert Scheffler ( born 1956 in Karl - Marx - Stadt ) is a German painter and artist .
Zhou Dunyi ( Chinese : 周敦頤 ; Wade -- Giles : Chou Tun - i ; 1017 - -1073 ) was a Song dynasty Chinese Neo - Confucian philosopher and cosmologist born during the Song Dynasty .
Mihkel Mutt ( born February 18 , 1953 , in Tartu ) is an Estonian writer , essayist , columnist and editor .
Sylvie Guillaume ( born 11 June 1962 in Antony , Hauts - de - Seine ) is a French politician and Member of the European Parliament for the South - East France constituency .
Herman Klein ( born Hermann Klein ; 23 July 1856 -- 10 March 1934 ) was an English music critic , author and teacher of singing .
Michael Scammell ( born 1935 ) is an English author , biographer and translator of Slavic literature .
Yves Angelo ( born 22 January 1956 ) is a French cinematographer , film director and screenwriter .
Otakar Ševčík ( 22 March 1852 -- 18 January 1934 ) was a Czech violinist and influential teacher .
Udo Hebel studied American studies , English studies , German studies , and Pedagogy at the University of Mainz and , as a Fulbright scholar , in Mississippi , USA .
Jean Mathieu de Chazelles ( 24 July 1657 -- 16 January 1710 ) , French hydrographer , was born in Lyon .
Antun Barac ( Kamenjak , 20 August 1894 -- Zagreb , 1 November 1955 ) , was a Croatian historian .
Daniel Hershkowitz ( Hebrew : דניאל הרשקוביץ ; born 2 January 1953 in Haifa , Israel ) is an Israeli politician , mathematician and rabbi .
Erwan Berthou ( September 4 , 1861 -- January 30 , 1933 ) was a French and Breton language poet , writer and neo - Druidic bard .
Matteo Maria Boiardo ( Italian pronunciation : ( matˈtɛːo maˈriːa boˈjardo ) ; 1434 - 41 -- 19/20 December 1494 ) was an Italian Renaissance poet .
Sasson Somekh ( Hebrew : ששון סומך‎ ; Arabic:ساسون سوميخ ; born 1933 ) is an Israeli academic , writer and translator .
Tomás Cerdán de Tallada ( also known as Tomàs Cerdan de Tallada ) ( 1530 - -1614 ) was a Spanish jurist , humanist , writer and poet born in the Valencian city of Xàtiva .
Edmond Marin la Meslée ( February 5 , 1912 -- February 4 , 1945 ) was a French fighter pilot in World War II . He ranks as the 5th highest - scoring French ace of this conflict with 16 aerial victories .
Osman Nuri Hadžić ( 28 June 1869 -- 23 December 1937 ) was a Bosnian intellectual and writer .
William Blades ( 5 December 1824 -- 27 April 1890 ) , English printer and bibliographer , was born at Clapham , London .
Sebastián de Covarrubias ( 1539 - -1613 ) was a Spanish lexicographer , cryptographer , chaplain and writer .
Pierre Curie ( /ˈkjʊri , kjʊˈriː/ ; French : ( kyʁi ) ; 15 May 1859 -- 19 April 1906 ) was a French physicist , a pioneer in crystallography , magnetism , piezoelectricity and radioactivity .
Marco Follini ( born on 26 September 1954 ) is an Italian centre - wing politician .
Pierre - Augustin Hulin ( September 6 , 1758 -- January 9 , 1841 ) was a French general under Napoleon Bonaparte who took part in the storming of the Bastille , the trial of the Duke d'Enghien , and the foiling of the Malet coup .
Nicky Harman is a UK - based prize - winning literary translator , working from Chinese to English .
Jean Bernard Bossu ( 1720 - -1792 ) was a captain in the French navy , adventurer and explorer .
Eric Lafforgue ( 1964- ) is a French photographer .
Rear - Admiral Sir John Narborough ( c. 1640 - -1688 ) or Narbrough was an English naval commander of the 17th century .
Francis Balle ( born 1939 ) is a French academic teacher and searcher .
Oddino Morgari ( November 16 , 1865 - November 1944 ) was an Italian socialist journalist and politician .
William Abbot ( 12 June 1790 -- 1 June 1843 ) , was an English actor .
John Venn , FRS , FSA , ( 4 August 1834 -- 4 April 1923 ) was an English logician and philosopher noted for introducing the Venn diagram , used in the fields of set theory , probability , logic , statistics , and computer science .
Anders Abraham Grafström ( 10 January 1790 -- 24 July 1870 ) was a Swedish historian , priest and poet .
Rodrigo Sánchez de Arévalo ( Latin : Rodericus Zamorensis ; Santa María la Real de Nieva , diocese of Segovia , 1404 -- 4 October 1470 ) was a Spanish churchman , historian and political theorist .
David Gilly ( 7 January 1748 -- 5 May 1808 ) was a German architect and architecture - tutor in Prussia , known as the father of the architect Friedrich Gilly .
Ludwik Fleck ( 11 July 1896 -- 5 June 1961 ) was a Polish and Israeli physician and biologist who did important work in epidemic typhus in Lwów , Poland , with Rudolf Weigl and in the 1930s developed the concept of the `` Denkkollektiv '' ( `` thought collective '' ) .
Louis Renou ( French : ( ʁənu ) ; 26 October 1896 -- 18 August 1966 ) was the pre - eminent French Indologist of the twentieth century .
Stanislav Krakov ( Serbian Cyrillic : Станислав Краков , Polish : Stanisław Kraków ; 1895 - -1968 ) was a Serbian officer , journalist , writer and film director .
Sheikh Mohammed al - Ghazali al - Saqqa ( 1917 - -1996 ) ( Arabic : الشيخ محمد الغزالي السقا ‎ ) , was an Islamic cleric and scholar whose writings `` have influenced generations of Egyptians '' .
Sven Lindqvist ( born April 28 , 1932 ) is a Swedish author of mostly non - fiction , whose works include Exterminate All the Brutes and A History of Bombing .
Flavio Biondo ( Latin Flavius Blondus ) ( 1392 -- June 4 , 1463 ) was an Italian Renaissance humanist historian .
Adolf Kiessling ( February 15 , 1837 -- May 3 , 1893 ) was a German philologist born in Culm ( present - day Chełmno , Poland ) .
Moshe Sanbar ( Hebrew : משה זנבר‎ ; March 29 , 1926 -- October 1 , 2012 ) was an economist and Israeli public figure .
Márk Rózsavölgyi ( pronounced ( ˈmaːrk ˈroːʒɒvølɟi ) ; born Mordecai `` Motke '' Rosenthal , 1789 -- 23 January 1848 ) was a Hungarian composer and violinist .
Pedro Piqueras ( born Pedro María Piqueras Gómez , May 6 , 1955 ) is a Spanish journalist and news anchor , currently is news director of Telecinco .
Louis Edgard de Trentinian ( 25 August 1851 - 24 May 1942 ) was a French soldier during the colonial era before World War I. He fought in French Indochina , and later was governor of the French Sudan .
Italo Bocchino ( born 6 July 1967 ) is an Italian politician and journalist .
Robert Lacey Everett ( 28 January 1833 -- 21 October 1916 ) was an English farmer and Liberal politician who sat in the House of Commons three times between 1885 and 1910 .
Barbara Cassin ( French : ( kasɛ̃ ) ; born October 24 , 1947 ) is a French philologist and philosopher , born in 1947 in Boulogne - Billancourt .
Johan Hadorph ( May 6 , 1630 -- July 12 , 1693 ) was a Swedish director - general of the Central Board of National Antiquities .
Janice Nadeau is currently working on her second animated short film , Mamie , which she writes and directs for the French production company Folimage in co - production with the National Film Board of Canada ( NFB ) .
Alfred Choubrac ( 1853 - -1902 ) was a French painter , illustrator , draughtsman , and poster artist .
Friedrich Wilhelm Adami ( 18 October 1816 -- 5 August 1893 ) was a German author , critic , and publicist .
Franz Sales Meyer ( 9 December 1849 -- 6 November 1927 ) was a German professor of ornament , author , poet and painter .
Marta Vincenzi ( born 27 May 1947 ) is an Italian politician and former Mayor of Genoa .
William Gifford ( April 1756 -- 31 December 1826 ) was an English critic , editor and poet , famous as a satirist and controversialist .
Quentin Meillassoux ( French : ( mɛjasu ) ; born 1967 ) is a French philosopher .
Rodrigo Cota de Maguaque ( died c. 1498 ) , Spanish poet , who flourished towards the end of the 15th century , was born at Toledo .
P. Matthias Hermanns ( 1899 - 1972 ) was a missionary of the SVD and a German Tibetologist .
Raymond Gérôme ( 17 May 1920 -- 3 February 2002 ) was a Belgian born , French stage and screen actor .
Matija Petar Katančić ( Latin : Mathias Petrus Katancsich ; 1750 - -1825 ) was a Croatian writer , professor of aesthetics and archaeology , lexicographer , and numismatist .
Alessandro Poerio ( 1802 - November 3 , 1848 ) , Italian poet and patriot .
Blessed Jules Chevalier ( March 15 , 1824 -- October 21 , 1907 ) was a French Roman Catholic priest and founder of the Missionaries of the Sacred Heart and Daughters of Our Lady of the Sacred Heart Roman Catholic religious institutes , and the inspiration for the members of the Chevalier Family .
Rudolf Erich Raspe ( March 1736 -- November 1794 ) was a German librarian , writer and scientist , called by his biographer John Carswell a `` rogue '' .
Benjamin Beit - Hallahmi ( Hebrew : בנימין בית - הלחמי‎ ) ( born June 12 , 1943 ) is an Israeli professor of psychology at the University of Haifa , Israel .
Régis Dericquebourg ( born 1947 ) is a French sociologist of religions .
Zigu Ornea ( Romanian : ( ˈziɡu ˈorne̯a ) ; born Zigu Orenstein or Ornstein and commonly known as Z. Ornea ; August 28 , 1930 -- November 14 , 2001 ) was a Romanian cultural historian , literary critic , biographer and book publisher .
Jean Frydman is a French resistant and businessman .
Safet Zec ( born 5 December 1943 ) is a Bosnian painter and graphic designer .
Schorsch Kamerun , ( * 1963 , Timmendorfer Strand ) whose real name is Thomas Sehl , is a German musician , singer , author , theatre director , and club proprietor .
Buhturi , Arabic , أبو الوليد بن عبيدالله البحتري التنوخي ( al - Walīd ibn ` Ubayd Allāh al - Buhturī ) ( 820 - -897 ) was an Arab poet born at Manbij in Syria , between Aleppo and the Euphrates .
François Doubin ( born April 23 , 1933 ) is a French politician and former cabinet minister .
Mario Caserini ( November 17 , 1874 -- November 17 , 1920 ) was an Italian film director , as well as an actor , screenwriter , and early pioneer of film making in the early portion of the 20th century .
Ángel Valbuena Prat ( 1900 - -1977 ) was a Spanish philologist and historian .
Leo Leandros ( born 1926 as Leandros Papathanasiou ) , is a Greek musician , composer and producer .
Manuel Pérez Clemente ( better known as Sanjulián ; born 24 June 1941 ) is a Spanish painter , most notable for his magazine and novel covers .
Johann Friedrich Herbart ( 4 May 1776 -- 14 August 1841 ) was a German philosopher , psychologist and founder of pedagogy as an academic discipline .
Adam Wawrosz ( 24 December 1913 -- 18 December 1971 ) was a Polish poet , writer , and activist from the Zaolzie region of Cieszyn Silesia .
Gérard Paul Deshayes ( May 13 , 1795 -- June 9 , 1875 ) was a French geologist and conchologist .
Olivier Bobineau ( born 6 March 1972 , La Roche - sur - Yon ) is a French sociologist specialized in the sociology of religion .
WMQT is a Hot AC radio station in Marquette , Michigan owned by Taconite Broadcasting .
KDFO is licensed to Delano , California , and serves the Bakersfield , California , area .
Formerly licensed to Pine Bluffs , Wyoming , USA , the station was owned by Chisholm Trail Broadcasting LLC . KMGQ 's license was surrendered by its owners to the Federal Communications Commission ( FCC ) on March 31 , 2014 ; the FCC cancelled the license on April 1 , 2014 .
KORL - FM is an American commercial radio station located in Waianae , Hawaii , broadcasting to the Honolulu , Hawaii area on 101.1 FM .
WWOZ is a non - profit community - supported radio station in New Orleans , Louisiana broadcasting at 90.7 FM .
The Commodore 8050 and Commodore 8250 are dual - unit 5¼ `` floppy disk drives for Commodore International computers .
ALCO PA refers to a family of A1A - A1A diesel locomotives built to haul passenger trains that were built in Schenectady , New York in the United States by a partnership of the American Locomotive Company ( ALCO ) and General Electric ( GE ) between June , 1946 and December , 1953 .
The Boeing 777 is a family of long - range wide - body twin - engine jet airliners developed and manufactured by Boeing Commercial Airplanes .
The ' Azteca - class patrol vessel ' are used by the Mexican Navy .
The Zastava M90 was an assault rifle developed and produced by then Yugoslavian , nowadays Serbian Zastava Arms .
May Win Myint ( Burmese : မေဝင်းမြင့် ) is a Burmese politician and member of the National League for Democracy 's Central Executive Committee .
Corradino Mineo ( born 1 January 1950 ) is an Italian journalist and politician from the Democratic Party .
Armen Rustamyan ( Armenian : Արմեն Ռուստամյան ) ( born March 1 , 1960 in Zangakatun ) is an Armenian politician from the Armenian Revolutionary Federation .
Carmen Warschaw ( c. 1917 -- November 6 , 2012 ) was an American philanthropist , politician , and leading figure within the state Democratic Party in California .
Per Aunet ( born 14 April 1940 in Stjørdal ) is a Norwegian politician for the Socialist Left Party , an environmentalist in the Norwegian Society for the Conservation of Nature ( NNV ) and an Associate Professor in biology at Nord - Trøndelag University College .
Virsa Singh Valtoha is an Indian politician and belongs to the ruling Shiromani Akali Dal party .
Şamil Tayyar ( born 1 January 1965 in Gaziantep ) is a Turkish journalist , author , and deputy for the Justice and Development Party ( AKP ) since 2011 .
Daniel Benlulu ( Hebrew : דניאל בנלולו‎ , born 6 May 1958 ) is a former Israeli politician who served a member of the Knesset for Likud between 2003 and 2006 .
Guo Jinlong ( Chinese : 郭金龙 ; born July 1947 ) is a Chinese politician , the Communist Party Secretary of Beijing , and a member of the Politburo of the Communist Party of China .
Leland Chancy Croft ( born August 21 , 1937 ) is a workers ' compensation attorney and Democratic Party politician from the U.S. state of Alaska .
Nelson Albano ( born March 11 , 1954 ) is an American Democratic Party politician , who served in the New Jersey General Assembly where he represented the 1st Legislative District , having taken office on January 10 , 2006 .
Arthur Paul Dean , Baron Dean of Harptree , PC ( 14 September 1924 -- 1 April 2009 ) was a British Conservative Party politician .
Inger Lise Hansen ( born 1 September 1981 ) is a Norwegian politician and a member of the centre - right Christian Democratic Party ( KRF ) .
Anders Fjelstad ( 10 October 1879 -- 1955 ) was a Norwegian politician for the Centre Party , then called Bondepartiet ( The Farmers ' Party ) .
Michael A. Schneider is a politician and member of the Democratic Party who served as a member of the Nevada Senate , representing Clark County District 11 ( map ) from 1996 to 2012 , when he retired because of term limits .
Hans Altherr ( born 29 April 1950 , St. Gallen , Switzerland ) is a Swiss politician from the FDP.The Liberals .
K. P. Rajendran ( born 3 November 1954 ) is an Indian politician , State Executive Member of Communist Party of India , and National Working Committee Member of All India Trade Union Congress ( AITUC ) .
Lee Fisher ( born August 7 , 1951 ) is an American politician and member of the Democratic Party who served as the 64th Lieutenant Governor of Ohio , with Governor Ted Strickland , from 2007 until 2011 .
Running as a People 's Democratic Party ( PDP ) candidate , Bassey Ewa - Henshaw was elected as senator in the 5th ( 2003 - -2007 ) National Assembly representing Cross River South Senatorial District , and was reelected in April 2007 .
Ólafur Jóhannesson ( 1 March 1913 -- 20 May 1984 ) was the fifteenth Prime Minister of Iceland for the Progressive Party on two occasions .
At the age of 34 , Ekrem Alican entered Democrat Party ( DP ) , and was elected deputy of Kocaeli in the 1950 general elections .
Cameron S. Brown ( born July 6 , 1954 ) is an independent consultant and speaker , and a former Republican Party legislator from the U.S. state of Michigan having served two terms in the Michigan Senate .
Adrien Houngbédji ( born 5 March 1942 ) is a Beninese politician and the leader of the Democratic Renewal Party ( Parti du renouveau démocratique , PRD ) , one of Benin 's main political parties .
Heinz Schaden ( born April 29 , 1954 ) is an Austrian politician of the Social Democratic Party of Austria ( SPÖ ) , and the current mayor of Salzburg .
Kim Kuk - tae ( Korean : 김국태 ; 27 August 1924 -- 13 December 2013 ) was an elder apparatchik of the Workers ' Party of Korea , the ruling party in North Korea .
Cyrus L. Philipp was Chairman of the Republican Party of Wisconsin from 1934 to 1938 .
Miss Mabel Rebello is a politician from Indian National Congress party and a Member of the Parliament of India representing Jharkhand in the Rajya Sabha , the upper house of the Indian Parliament .
Jagdish Mukhi ( born 1 December 1942 ) is a leader of Bharatiya Janata Party .
L. Harvey Smith ( born December 19 , 1948 ) is an American Democratic Party politician who has served in the New Jersey General Assembly from January 8 , 2008 to January 10 , 2010 , where he represented the 31st legislative district .
Dr. Ernst Ziehm ( 1 May 1867 - 7 July 1962 ) was a Danzig based German politician from the conservative German National People 's Party and President of the Senate of the Free City of Danzig from 1931 to 1933 .
Trinidad Jiménez García - Herrera ( born 4 June 1962 ) is a Spanish Socialist Workers ' Party ( PSOE ) politician and was Spain 's Foreign Affairs Minister .
Krishna Bose ( born 26 December 1930 ) is an Indian political , educator and social worker and was a member of parliament elected from the Jadavpur constituency in West Bengal as a All India Trinamool Congress candidate .
Roberto Romero ( October 22 , 1927 - February 15 , 1992 ) was an Argentine Justicialist Party politician and businessman .
María Beatriz Zavala Peniche ( born October 23 , 1957 in Mérida , Yucatán ) is a Mexican politician affiliated to the National Action Party ( PAN ) who has served in the lower and upper house of the Mexican Congress .
Marietta Giannakou ( Greek : Μαριέττα Γιαννάκου , born June 6 , 1951 ) is a Greek politician , member of New Democracy .
Ram Chandra Yadav is a Bharatiya Janata Party politician and a member of the Uttar Pradesh Legislative Assembly from Rudauli .
Richard J. Curran ( January 4 , 1838 -- June 1 , 1915 ) was an Irish - American surgeon , army officer and U.S. Republican Party politician .
James Redfoord Bulwer MA , QC , JP ( 22 May 1820 -- 4 March 1899 ) was a Dublin - born lawyer and Member of the British Parliament supporting the Conservative Party : he represented Ipswich during the period of the Disraeli government from 1874 to 1880 , and Cambridgeshire from 1881 to 1885 .
Ira Hansen ( born October 5 , 1960 ) is an American politician and member of the Republican Party who has been a member of the Nevada State Assembly since 2011 , representing district 32 in Northern Nevada .
Åge Ramberg ( born 28 September 1921 in Larvik , died 24 August 1991 ) was a Norwegian politician for the Christian Democratic Party .
Sean T. Kean ( born May 21 , 1963 ) is an American Republican Party politician , who has served in the New Jersey General Assembly since being sworn into office on January 10 , 2012 , representing the 30th legislative district .
( John ) William Ainsley ( 30 June 1898 -- 23 June 1976 ) was a British coal miner and Labour Party politician .
D. H. Shankaramurthy ( Kannada:ಡಿ.ಹೆಚ್.ಶಂಕರಮೂರ್ತಿ ) ( born 30 April 1940 ) is an Indian politician and a senior leader of the Bharatiya Janata Party ( BJP ) in Karnataka , India .
Bounnhang Vorachith ( Lao : ບຸນຍັງ ວໍລະຈິດ ; born August 15 , 1937 ) is a Laotian politician who has been General Secretary of the Lao People 's Revolutionary Party since 2016 .
Kedar Pandey ( 9 December 1920 -- 3 July 1996 ) was an Indian freedom fighter and Indian National Congress politician , who remained the Chief Minister of Bihar between March 1972 to July 1973 , Minister of Railways in Union Cabinet between 12 November 1980 to 14 January 1982 Government of India .
Gilbert Gledhill ( 22 May 1889 -- 2 September 1946 ) was a Conservative Party politician in the United Kingdom , and a Member of Parliament ( MP ) from 1931 to 1945 .
Pandelis Pouliopoulos ( Greek : Παντελής Πουλιόπουλος ; 10 March 1900 , Thebes -- 6 June 1943 , near Larissa ) was a Greek communist and onetime general secretary of the Communist Party of Greece ( KKE ) .
Elżbieta Gelert ( born 22 April 1955 , in Gdańsk ) is a Polish politician , representing Civic Platform .
Mawlawi Mohammed Islam Mohammadi ( 1921 - January 26 , 2007 ) was a Taliban governor and member of the National Assembly of Afghanistan .
Christofer Olivius Ferslew ( 12 July 1874 -- 23 January 1940 ) was a Norwegian jurist and politician for the Conservative Party .
Westye Parr Egeberg ( 21 April 1877 -- 2 February 1959 ) was a Norwegian military officer , businessperson and politician for the Conservative Party .
Israel Maurice Edelman ( 2 March 1911 -- 14 December 1975 ) was a Wales - born British Labour Party politician and novelist who represented Coventry constituencies in the House of Commons for over 30 years .
James J. Galdieri ( May 3 , 1896 -- April 27 , 1944 ) was an American Democratic Party politician from Jersey City who was elected to a single term representing portions of Hudson County in the New Jersey General Assembly .
Tian Zhong is a full member of the 18th Central Committee of the Communist Party of China .
Lê Hồng Phong ( 1902 - 1942 ) was the second leader of the Communist Party of Vietnam ( CPV ) ; he led the party through the office of General Secretary of the Overseas Executive Committee of the Communist Party of Vietnam .
Vassilis Leventis ( Greek : Βασίλειος ( Βασίλης ) Λεβέντης , Greek pronunciation : ( vaˌsiʎos vaˌsilis leˈvendis ) ; born 1951 in Messene , Messenia ) is a Greek politician , leader of the Greek centrist party , Union of Centrists ( Ένωση Κεντρώων ) .
Fredrik Schulte , born in 1981 , is a Swedish politician and member of the Moderate Party .
In 1989 Zury Ríos joined the public relations department of the then newly created Guatemalan Republican Front in preparation for the 1990 presidential election .
Carál Ní Chuilín MLA ( born 18 December 1964 , as Carol Cullen ; ) is an Irish Sinn Féin politician and former Provisional IRA member .
Amineh Kakabaveh ( born 1970 ) is a Swedish Left Party politician of Iranian Kurdish descent .
Ernest Mühlen ( 8 June 1926 -- 19 March 2014 ) was a Luxembourgish politician for the Christian Social People 's Party , economist and financial journalist .
R.Nallakannu is an Indian politician and also Senior Communist Party of India ( CPI ) leader .
John Leveson - Gower , 1st Earl Gower PC ( 10 August 1694 -- 25 December 1754 ) , known as The Baron Gower from 1709 to 1746 , was a British Tory politician from the Leveson - Gower family , one of the first Tories to enter government in the 18th century .
Arsenio Farell Cubillas ( June 30 , 1921 -- May 15 , 2005 ) was a Mexican lawyer and politician affiliated to the Institutional Revolutionary Party ( PRI ) .
Kadambur R. Janarthanan ( Born 22 October 1929 ) is a former union minister of India and a leader of All India Anna Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam ( AIADMK ) .
Emily Taft Douglas ( April 19 , 1899 -- January 28 , 1994 ) was a Democratic Party politician from the U.S. state of Illinois .
Azeem Daultana ( Urdu : عظیم دولتانہ‎ ; April 4 , 1979 -- January 10 , 2012 ) was a Pakistani politician from the Pakistan Peoples Party who served as a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan and parliamentary secretary for information .
Wilhelm Christian Suhrke ( 2 November 1863 -- 10 May 1950 ) was a Norwegian architect and politician for the Conservative Party .
Khalid Naciri ( Arabic : خالد الناصري‎ -- born 5 March 1946 , Casablanca ) is a Moroccan politician of the Party of Progress and Socialism .
Daniel Dougherty ( October 15 , 1826 -- September 5 , 1892 ) was a Philadelphia lawyer involved in Democratic Party politics .
Guy Besse ( 25 November 1919 -- 16 February 2004 ) was a French philosopher and politician , a member of the executive of the French Communist Party ( PCF ) .
Fumio Abe ( died 6 December 2006 ) was a Liberal Democratic Party ( LDP ) politician who served as state minister for Hokkaido and Okinawa development agencies .
Joel Danlami Ikenya ( born 17 July 1962 ) is a Nigerian politician who was elected to represent the People 's Democratic Party ( PDP ) as Senator for Taraba South in Taraba State in 2003 .
John Ellis Talbot ( 24 April 1906 -- 9 January 1967 ) was a British Building society manager , solicitor and Conservative Party politician .
Petra De Sutter ( Oudenaarde , 10 June 1963 ) is a professor of gynaecology at Ghent University , head of the Department of Reproductive Medicine at Ghent University Hospital ( UZ Gent ) and a politician of the Green party .
Jens Rohde ( born 18 April 1970 ) is a Danish politician and Member of the European Parliament for the Danish Social Liberal Party .
Chong Chieng Jen , ( simplified Chinese : 张健仁 ; traditional Chinese : 張健仁 ; pinyin : Zhāng Jiàn Rén ; born 12 February 1971 ) , is a Malaysian lawyer and politician from the Democratic Action Party ( DAP ) .
Josy Dubié is a Belgian reporter , politician and a member of Ecolo .
Manuel Alegre de Melo Duarte , GCL ( born 12 May 1936 ) is a Portuguese poet and politician , member of the Socialist Party , and a candidate to the Portuguese presidential election , 2006 .
Mahinder Yadav was previously with the Bharatiya Janata Party ( BJP ) .
Vishesh Ravi is an Indian politician and member of the Aam Aadmi Party .
Somsak Kiatsuranont ( Thai : สมศักดิ์ เกียรติสุรนนท์ ; born 27 June 1954 in Khon Kaen ) is a Thai politician ( Pheu Thai Party ) .
Ahmad Babba Kaita is a member of the Nigerian House of Representatives , representing the Congress for Progressive Change in the Kankia / Ingawa / Kusada constituency of Katsina State , Nigeria .
José Julio González Garza ( born 2 April 1956 ) is a Mexican Business Administration , Economics and Especilalista in Political Science , He studied at the Autonomous University of Mexico ( UNAM ) Only has been politician affiliated to the National Action Party .
Ralph Jacobi AM ( 4 December 1928 -- 16 January 2002 ) was a long - serving Australian Labor Party representative for the South Australian Division of Hawker in the Australian House of Representatives .
Datuk Seri Prof . Dr. Abdullah Md Zin ( born 2 August 1946 ) was the Member of the Parliament of Malaysia for the Besut constituency in Terengganu from 2004 to 2013 , sitting as a member of the United Malays National Organisation ( UMNO ) in Malaysia 's ruling Barisan Nasional coalition .
Koichi Hagiuda ( 萩生田光一 Hagiuda Kouichi , born August 31 , 1963 ) is a Japanese politician , currently representing the 24th district ( Hachiōji ) of Tokyo in the House of Representatives of Japan as a member of the Liberal Democratic Party .
Zhou Zijian ( Chinese characters : 周子健 ; Hanyu Pinyin : Zhōu Zǐjiàn ) ( April 1 , 1914 - March 24 , 2003 ) was the governor and Communist Party of China Provincial Committee Secretary for Anhui Province in the People 's Republic of China from 1982 to 1983 .
Francisco José Millán Mon ( born 8 March 1955 ) is a Spanish politician and Member of the European Parliament with the People 's Party , part of the European People 's Party .
Cuauhtémoc Sandoval Ramírez ( August 14 , 1950 -- February 22 , 2012 ) was a Mexican politician , social anthropologist and founding member of the Party of the Democratic Revolution P.R.D. .
Annasaheb M. K. Patil ( born 15 September 1939 ) is an Indian politician with the Bharatiya Janata Party ( BJP ) .
Charles H. Boud ( October 3 , 1843 -- September 1 , 1921 ) was an American Democratic Party politician from New Jersey , who served on the Monmouth County , New Jersey Board of Chosen Freeholders and the New Jersey General Assembly .
Sylvia Lucas joined the African National Congress ( ANC ) as an ordinary branch member in 1992 From 1995 to 2000 Lucas served as a councillor for the //Khara Hais Local Municipality , in Upington , while serving in regional structures of the ANC in the area .
Eibhlin Byrne is a former Fianna Fáil politician , and served as Lord Mayor of Dublin from 2008 - -09 .
Nuri Şahin ( Turkish pronunciation : ( nuˈɾi ˈʃahin ) , born 5 September 1988 ) is a Turkish footballer who plays as a midfielder for Bundesliga club Borussia Dortmund and the Turkey national football team .
Daniel Bauer ( born 17 October 1982 in Andernach , West Germany ) is a former German footballer , and currently the assistant manager of Hannover 96 II .
On Friday 20 November 2015 , rumours stated that Stelios Giannakopoulos is believed to have assembled a multi - national consortium to make an offer for the purchase of Bolton Wanderers F.C ..
Ryan Vinz ( born June 30 , 1985 ) is an American video technician , best known for his one - game `` cup of coffee '' on the active roster of the Buffalo Sabres of the National Hockey League .
Jaime Astrain Aguado ( born 5 February 1988 in Madrid ) is a Spanish footballer who plays for Real Jaén as a central defender .
Jayson Megna ( born February 1 , 1990 ) is an American professional ice hockey Forward currently playing within the New York Rangers organization of the National Hockey League ( NHL ) .
Mohamed Sherif is an Egyptian footballer who plays for Ismaily SC in the Egyptian League .
Niko Palonen is a Finnish professional ice hockey forward who currently plays for Ässät of the SM - liiga .
Igors Savčenkovs ( born 3 November 1982 in Ventspils ) is a Latvian professional football defender , currently playing for FK Jelgava in the Latvian Higher League .
Stanley Nyazamba ( born January 6 , 1983 in Bulawayo ) is a Zimbabwean footballer who currently plays for Richmond Kickers in the USL Professional Division .
Simon Gerrans ( born 16 May 1980 ) is an Australian professional road bicycle racer , who currently rides for the Australian UCI ProTour team , Orica-- GreenEDGE .
Elvin Mammadov ( Azerbaijani : Elvin Məmmədov ; born on 18 July 1988 ) is an Azerbaijani footballer ( attacking midfielder ) playing currently for Zira FK and the Azerbaijan national football team .
Courtney Hall ( born August 26 , 1968 in Los Angeles , California ) is a former center and guard in the National Football League for the San Diego Chargers .
Born in Osijek , SR Croatia , Zdravko Čakalić played with Red Star Belgrade , FK Teteks , FK Zemun and NK Osijek .
Paulo Autuori de Mello ( born 25 August 1956 ) is a Brazilian football manager in charge of Japanese club Cerezo Osaka .
Zoltán Kontár ( born 7 November 1993 ) is a Slovak professional footballer who plays for FK Senica as a defender , on loan from FC Petržalka akadémia .
Bryan Olivera Calvo ( born March 11 , 1994 ) is a Uruguayan professional football player who plays as a midfielder for the LA Galaxy II in the United Soccer League on loan from Fluminense .
Christian Myklebust ( born 11 March 1992 in Ålesund ) is a Norwegian footballer who last played for Aalesunds FK .
Martin Straka ( born September 3 , 1972 ) is a retired Czech ice hockey centre who most recently played for HC Plzeň 1929 of the Czech Extraliga .
Māris Smirnovs ( born 2 June 1976 in Daugavpils ) is a former Latvian football defender , currently the assistant manager of FK Ventspils , playing in the Latvian Higher League .
Antero Lehtonen ( born April 12 , 1954 in Tampere ) is a Finnish former ice hockey player who played a season in the National Hockey League with the Washington Capitals during the 1979 - -80 NHL season .
José Ángel Gascón Martín ( born 15 March 1985 , in Gijón , Asturias ) is a Spanish footballer who plays for Ontinyent CF as a midfielder .
Serdar Aziz ( born 23 October 1990 ) is a Turkish professional footballer who plays as a centre back for Turkish club Bursaspor in the Süper Lig .
Ľubomír Kolník ( born January 23 , 1968 in Nitra , Czechoslovakia ) is a Slovak ice hockey player , who currently plays for HK 36 Skalica in the Slovak Extraliga .
França moved to Japan subsequently , joining Kashiwa Reysol , experiencing one relegation and one promotion in his first two years and leaving the club in 2010 , aged 34 .
Tomáš Strnad ( born 8 December 1980 ) is a retired Czech football midfielder who last played for FC Hradec Králové .
Victor Gheorghiu ( born 24 June 1992 in Chișinău ) is a Moldovan international footballer playing for FC Milsami .
Ján Hrbek ( born 17 September 1981 ) is a Slovak football striker who currently plays for the Corgoň Liga club MŠK Žilina .
I Made Wirawan is an Indonesian professional footballer who currently plays for Persib Bandung in the Indonesia Super League as a goalkeeper .
Joseph Oosting ( born 29 January 1972 in Emmen ) is a Dutch football manager and former player , who is currently the manager of Dutch Topklasse side WKE .
Scott Dyson is a professional rugby league footballer , playing at representative level for Ireland , and at club level for Gateshead Thunder , as a Stand - off / Five - eighth .
Juan Edgardo Ramírez ( born 25 May 1993 ) is an Argentine footballer who plays for Spanish club UD Almería , on loan from Colorado Rapids , as a midfielder .
Vernon Cooper ( born 12 June 1977 ) is a former Welsh rugby union footballer , who played for the Scarlets in the Celtic League .
Nguyễn Tuấn Phong ( born 14 October 1981 ) is a Vietnamese footballer who plays as a Midfielder for V - League ( Vietnam ) club Đồng Tâm Long An F.C ..
James Mark McBath , M.D. ( born November 18 , 1957 ) is a former American football player who started as quarterback for the Texas Longhorns in the late 1970s .
Iordanis Pechlivanidis ( Greek : Ιορδάνης Πεχλιβανιδης ; born 12 September 1986 ) is a footballer who plays for Anagennisi Epanomi F.C. in the Greek second division .
Vokhid Shodiev ( born 9 November 1986 ) is an Uzbek footballer who plays as a Attacking Midfielder for Perak FA in the Malaysia Super League .
Mario Turco ( born 21 March 1956 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for the East Fremantle Football Club in the West Australian Football League and for the North Melbourne Football Club in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Mohd Daudsu Jamaluddin ( born 18 March 1985 ) is a Malaysian footballer who is currently a defender for Kelantan FA .
Andrés Iniesta Luján ( Spanish pronunciation : ( anˈdɾes iˈnjesta luˈxan ) ; born 11 May 1984 ) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for FC Barcelona and the Spain national team .
Malin Reuterwall ( born 10 December 1990 ) is a Swedish football goalkeeper for Umeå IK of the Swedish Damallsvenskan .
Vidar Martinsen ( born 11 March 1982 in Råde ) is a Norwegian footballer currently playing for Råde IL after eight seasons in the Norwegian Fredrikstad .
Karol Mackiewicz ( born 1 June 1992 ) is a Polish footballer who plays as a left winger for Jagiellonia Białystok .
Steven Lustü started his senior career with Næstved BK in the 1991 - -92 Superliga championship .
Süleýman Muhadow ( born December 24 , 1993 in Ashgabat , Turkmenistan ) is a professional Turkmen football player who played in FC Altyn Asyr and Turkmenistan national football team .
Lennox Bacela ( born 13 April 1983 in Knysna , Western Cape ) is a South African football ( soccer ) player who plays as a striker for Orlando Pirates in the Premier Soccer League .
Rachel Shelina Israel , also known as Shelly Israel , is an Israeli football defender currently playing for Israeli First League for ASA Tel Aviv University , with which she has also played in the Champions League .
Nicolas Delporte ( born 1 January 1993 ) is a Belgian professional footballer , who currently plays as a Wing - back for Oud - Heverlee Leuven in the Belgian Pro League .
Roman Artemuk ( Ukrainian : Роман Артемук ; born 12 August 1995 in Novovolynsk , Volyn Oblast , Ukraine ) is a professional Ukrainian football striker who plays for FC Bohemians 1905 in the Czech First League .
Georgios Kantimiris ( Greek : Γεώργιος Καντιμοίρης ; born 19 September 1982 in Rhodos ) , is a Greek footballer who now plays for Veria F.C. in the Superleague Greece , as a Goalkeeper .
Ignjac Krešić ( born 19 October 1966 ) is a Croatian footballer who played as a goalkeeper , mostly for Dynamo Dresden .
Diego Alves Carreira ( born 24 June 1985 ) , known as Diego Alves , is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for Spanish club Valencia CF as a goalkeeper .
Jacob Anstey ( born 27 January 1978 ) is a former professional Australian rules footballer from the Australian Capital Territory who played for Carlton Football Club in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) .
Alistair Smith ( born 8 August 1990 ) is an Australian rules footballer who played for the St Kilda Football Club in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) .
Paul Adrian Devine ( born December 2 , 1951 ) was a Major League Baseball pitcher from 1973 to 1980 for the Atlanta Braves and Texas Rangers .
Brett Delaney ( born 26 October 1985 ) is an Australian Rugby League player for the Leeds Rhinos in the Super League .
On March 19 , 2008 , the Chicago Blackhawks honoured Esposito with `` Tony Esposito Night '' , where he was formally introduced as an Ambassador to the Blackhawks organization .
Mike Petke ( born January 30 , 1976 ) is a former American soccer player who also served as the head coach of New York Red Bulls in Major League Soccer .
Nim Lepcha ( born 1 November 1989 Dzongu , Sikkim ) is an Indian footballer who plays as a midfielder for United Sikkim F.C. in the I - League .
Fernando Silva dos Santos ( born 18 May 1991 ) is a Brazilian footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for Turkish club Şanlıurfaspor .
Oh Jae - suk ( Korean : 오재석 ; born 4 January 1990 ) is a South Korean football player who currently plays as defender for Gamba Osaka in the J. League Division 1 .
Labros Kefaloukos ( Greek : Λάμπρος Κεφαλούκος ; born 31 March 1982 ) is a former professional footballer who played as a defender for several clubs in Greece , including stints with OFI Crete and Ergotelis F.C. in the Alpha Ethniki .
Paul Gause ( born February 18 , 1986 ) is a professional basketball player for the Newcastle Eagles in the British Basketball League ( BBL ) .
Kang Sang - woo ( Hangul : 강상우 ; Hanja : 姜祥佑 ; born 7 October 1993)is a South Korean football Midfielder who plays for Pohang Steelers in K League and the South Korea national under-20 football team .
Troels Rasmussen ( born 7 April 1961 ) is a Danish former football ( soccer ) player , who played as a goalkeeper for Danish clubs Vejle Boldklub and AGF .
Lauri Pirhonen , born 3 July 1984 , is a Finnish footballer goalkeeper currently playing for FC Jazz in the Finnish second tier Ykkönen .
' Ian Madigan ' ( born 21 March 1989 ) is an Irish professional rugby union player for Flynns FC , Leinster Rugby and Ireland .
Liam Neale ( 14 October 1989 ) is an English rugby union player , who played as openside flanker for Northampton Saints .
Panagiotis Konstantinopoulos ( Greek : Παναγιώτης Κωνσταντινόπουλος ; born 5 September 1995 ) is a professional footballer , currently playing for Panetolikos F.C ..
Moritz Nebel ( born 25 October 1991 ) is a footballer who plays as a midfielder for FC Augsburg II in the Regionalliga Bayern .
Salvatore Perugini ( born 6 March 1978 in Benevento ) is an Italian rugby union player , currently playing for Aironi in the RaboDirect Pro12 club competition .
Marko Zorić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Mapкo Зopић ; born July 10 , 1980 in Zrenjanin ) is a retired Serbian footballer who last played for FK Banat Zrenjanin .
Jacob Barrett Laursen ( born 17 November 1994 ) is a Danish footballer who plays as a left back for Danish Superliga side Odense Boldklub on loan from Juventus .
Daníel Leó Grétarsson is an Icelandic footballer who plays for Aalesunds FK as a defender .
Choi Yong - soo ( born September 10 , 1973 ) is a former professional footballer and current manager of FC Seoul .
Sebastian Janikowski ( Polish pronunciation : ( sɛˈbastjan janiˈkɔfskʲi ) ; born March 2 , 1978 ) is a Polish American football placekicker for the Oakland Raiders of the National Football League ( NFL ) .
Kirby Myhill ( born 5 February 1992 ) is a Welsh rugby union rugby player currently playing at Hooker for Llanelli RFC and the Scarlets regional team having progressed through the Scarlets academy .
Antonio Marín Molina ( born 17 June 1996 ) is a Spanish footballer who plays for UD Almería B. Mainly a right back , he can also play as a central defender .
Coşkun Ekim ( born 17 November 1991 in Tottenham , London ) is a Turkish professional footballer who currently plays for 1461 Trabzon on loan from Trabzonspor .
Chris Fouch ( born December 3 , 1990 ) is an American basketball player who currently plays for BK Iskra Svit .
Muhammad Hargianto ( born 24 July 1996 ) is an Indonesian professional footballer who currently plays for Persebaya Surabaya in the Indonesia Super League as a midfielder .
Patrick Gbala born June 12 , 1993 ) is a Ivorian football player for Al - Fateh SC .
Cory Larose ( born May 14 , 1975 in Campbellton , New Brunswick ) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey player who played seven games in the National Hockey League ( NHL ) for the New York Rangers during the 2003 - -04 season .
Emanuel King ( born August 15 , 1963 ) is a former professional American football player who played linebacker for four seasons for the Cincinnati Bengals and two seasons for the Los Angeles Raiders .
Johan Grebongo ( born January 18 , 1994 ) is a Central African professional basketball player who currently plays for BCM Gravelines of the LNB Pro A.
Mikhail Nikolayevich Semyonov ( Russian : Михаил Николаевич Семенов ; born April 3 , 1969 ) is a Russian professional football coach and a former player who manages FC Smena Komsomolsk - na - Amure .
David Štich ( born 15 April 1989 in Plzeň ) is a Czech professional ice hockey defenceman who currently plays with HC Vítkovice Steel in the Czech Extraliga .
Sameh Maraaba ( born 19 March 1992 ) is a Palestinian association footballer who currently plays for Hilal Al - Quds Club as a striker in the West Bank Premier League , and for the Palestine national team .
Siphelele Ntshangase ( born 11 May 1993 ) is a South African football ( soccer ) player who plays for Black Leopards F.C ..
Joe Poplawski ( born August 2 , 1957 ) is a former professional Canadian football receiver for the Winnipeg Blue Bombers in the Canadian Football League ( CFL ) from 1978 to 1986 .
Russell Stuvaints , ( born August 28 , 1980 ) is an American football defensive back for Team Arkansas of the All American Football League , and formerly for the Pittsburgh Steelers of the National Football League .
Trevor Lynn Powis ( born July 7 , 1949 ) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey forward who played 130 games in the National Hockey League for the Kansas City Scouts and Chicago Black Hawks .
Sulayman Marreh ( born 15 January 1996 ) is a Gambian footballer who plays for Spanish club Granada CF B as a defensive midfielder or central defender .
Andy Dawson is the older brother of current Hull City A.F.C. player Michael Dawson .
Jarrad Waite ( born 4 February 1983 ) is an Australian rules footballer who plays for the North Melbourne Football Club in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) .
Jarret Davis ( born June 17 , 1989 ) is a Belizean professional footballer currently playing for Verdes FC as a striker .
Duke Fergerson ( born April 21 , 1954 in Boise , Idaho ) is a former professional American football wide receiver who played in four National Football League seasons from 1977 - 1980 for the Seattle Seahawks and the Buffalo Bills .
Irv Daymond ( born October 9 , 1962 in St. Thomas , Ontario ) is a former offensive lineman who played ten seasons for the Ottawa Rough Riders of the Canadian Football League .
Jajang Sukmara Is an Indonesian professional footballer who currently plays for Persib Bandung in the Indonesia Super League .
Perlat Musta spent almost his entire career at Partizani Tirana , excepting three seasons , when he played for Dinamo Bucureşti and Progresul Bucureşti in Romania .
Bajram Nebihi ( born 5 August 1988 ) is a German professional footballer of Kosovar ancestry who plays for Stuttgarter Kickers .
Muhammet Beşir ( born 1 January 1997 ) is a Turkish professional football player , as of 2015 , who plays for Trabzonspor in the Süper Lig .
After living in school dormitory for the first semester , Chan Yuk Chi moved back home for the rest of his university time , as it was more convenient to attend the Tai Po FC training sessions held in Tai Po .
Darren Jamieson ( born 15 February 1991 ) is a Scottish professional footballer , currently playing as a goalkeeper for Livingston F.C. in the SPFL .
Tonny Roy Ayomi ( born 2 August 1991 ) is an Indonesian professional footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for Perseru Serui in the Indonesia Super League .
Thomas Goiginger ( born 15 March 1993 ) is an Austrian professional footballer who plays for SV Grödig , as a midfielder .
Joan Tomàs Campasol ( born 17 May 1985 ) , known as Joan Tomàs , is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for AEK Larnaca F.C. in Cyprus .
Eric Komeng is a Papua New Guinean footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for PRK Hekari United .
Jonathan Roufosse ( born 10 April 1985 ) is a French footballer who plays as an Attacking midfielder for Paris FC .
Abhishek Yadav ( born 10 June 1980 ) is an Indian professional footballer who plays as striker for Mumbai F.C. in the I - League .
Moisés San Nicolás is an Andorran footballer who plays as a centre back , right back or right midfielder for FC Lusitanos in the Primera Divisió .
Luis Felippe Martins Reis ( born 18 September 1996 ) , known as Luis Felippe , is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Spanish club RCD Mallorca B on loan from Grêmio as a forward .
Karsten Johansen ( born 11 April 1981 ) is a Danish professional football forward , who currently plays for the Danish 1st Division side Næstved BK .
Mike Lindstrom ( born April 23 , 1981 in Chilliwack , British Columbia ) is a former professional Canadian football receiver who most recently played for the Edmonton Eskimos of the Canadian Football League .
Bobby Owen is a footballer who played as a forward in the Football League for Bury , Manchester City , Swansea City , Carlisle United , Northampton Town , Workington and Doncaster Rovers .
Darren Brady ( born 11 April 1981 in Glasgow ) is a Scottish footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for Pollok F.C.
Hosny Abd Rabo Abdel Mottaleb Ibrahim ( Arabic : حسني عبد ربه عبد المطلب إبراهيم‎ ) ( born on 1 November 1984 in Ismaïlia , Egypt ) is an Egyptian footballer , who currently plays as a defensive midfielder for Ismaily SC .
Dmytro Hryshko ( born 2 December 1985 , in Ukrainian SSR , Soviet Union ) is a professional Ukrainian football defender who currently plays for FC Olimpik Donetsk in the Ukrainian First League .
Bernhard Starkbaum ( born February 19 , 1986 ) is an Austrian professional ice hockey goaltender who is currently playing for Brynäs IF of the Swedish Hockey League .
Dan Wicklum ( born 28 February 1965 in Edmonton , Alberta ) is a former Canadian Football League ( CFL ) football player who played for four seasons with the Winnipeg Blue Bombers and the Calgary Stampeders .
Hans Pienitz ( born January 27 , 1988 ) is an American professional ice hockey defenceman who currently plays for EHC Basel of the Swiss National League B ( NLB ) .
Danilo full name José Marcio Danilo Pereira da Silva ( born 21 January 1989 ) is a Brazilian footballer , who currently plays for Ituano Futebol Clube .
Juan Carlos Henao Valencia , usually known as Juan Carlos Henao ( born December 30 , 1971 ) , is a Colombian football ( soccer ) goalkeeper currently playing for Once Caldas of Colombia .
Carlos Ledesma ( born 18 January 1964 ) is a retired Argentina footballer spent part of the 1998 season with Major League Soccer club MetroStars , on loan from the Long Island Rough Riders .
Grzegorz Fonfara ( born June 8 , 1983 in Katowice ) is a Polish footballer ( defender ) who currently plays for GKS Katowice .
In the 2008 summer Yordi left Xerez and signed for another side in the region , Córdoba CF ( also in the second tier ) , retiring at the end of the season at the age of 34 .
Christos Wheeler is a Cypriot professional footballer who plays for Apollon Limassol as a defender .
Rhys McWilliams ( born 29 November 1985 , Birmingham , England ) is an English professional ice hockey player , currently playing with the Coventry Blaze organisation at ENIHL level .
Rui Jorge Farto Correia ( born 23 August 1990 in Chaves ) is a Portuguese talented footballer who plays for C.D. Nacional at Primeira Liga , as a defensive midfielder or defender .
Barry Goodingham ( born 9 May 1945 ) was a regular first ruckman for the North Melbourne Football Club and South Melbourne in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) during the late 60s and early 70s .
Dorjan Bubeqi ( born 26 October 1978 ) is a retired Albanian footballer who currently serves as manager of Besa Kavajë in the Albanian First Division .
Kempei Usui ( 碓井 健平 , born May 15 , 1987 ) is a Japanese footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Shimizu S - Pulse in the J. League Division 1 .
Mary - Frances Monroe ( born 7 February 1980 , in West Islip , New York ) was an American soccer midfielder playing for Boston Breakers of Women 's Professional Soccer and was a former member of the United States women 's national soccer team .
Edmund Białas ( August 15 , 1919 in Poznań -- July 24 , 1991 in Poznań ) was a Polish football player who played and coached Lech Poznań .
James Singh ( born 1 March 1985 ) is an Indian footballer who plays as a midfielder for Guwahati F.C. in the I - League 2nd Division .
Jens Ramme ( born August 2 , 1963 in Halberstadt ) is a German former footballer who played as a goalkeeper for Dynamo Dresden .
Dirk Kuyt ( Dutch : Dirk Kuijt ; Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈdɪrk ˈkœy̆t ) ; born 22 July 1980 ) is a Dutch footballer who plays for Feyenoord .
Ozan Papaker ( born 10 July 1996 ) is a Turkish footballer who plays for TFF Second League club Tuzlaspor on loan from Turkish Süper Lig club Çaykur Rizespor .
Maxime Baca ( born 2 June 1983 in Corbeil - Essonnes , Essonne ) is a French footballer who currently plays as a defender for Ligue 1 side En Avant de Guingamp .
Fredrik Haugen ( born 13 June 1992 in Bergen ) is a Norwegian footballer who plays for SK Brann as a midfielder .
Jean - Jacques Bougouhi ( born 12 June 1992 in Bingerville ) is an Ivorian football player who plays for FC Torpedo Armavir .
Pele Koljonen ( born 25 July 1988 ) is a Finnish football player currently playing for MYPA .
Mate Pehar ( born 25 February 1988 in Čapljina ) is a Croatian football player . In his professional career he played for NK Neretva , NK Neretvanac Opuzen , RNK Split and NK Široki Brijeg .
Alan Jarrott ( born 17 August 1956 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with the North Melbourne Football Club and Melbourne Football Club in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Sondre Jensen debuted for SK Brann in the Norwegian Premier League in 1990 and were capped five times for the club in 1990 and 1991 .
Eugene Edgerson ( born February 10 , 1978 in New Orleans , Louisiana ) is an American basketball player who presently performs with the Harlem Globetrotters .
Lyudmil Nikolov ( Bulgarian : Людмил Николов ) ( born 27 August 1984 ) is a Bulgarian football player , who plays for Brestnik 1948 as a defender .
2007 - 2008 Mustafa Karim join the Egyptian giant club Ismaily SC Voted as best Foreign player in Egyptian Premier League 2007 .
John Schuhmacher ( born September 23 , 1955 in Salem , Oregon ) is a former professional American football player who played offensive lineman for six seasons for the Houston Oilers .
Ane Bergara Artieda is a Spanish football defender , currently playing for FC Barcelona in Spain 's Primera División . She previously played for SD Lagunak RCD Espanyol and Real Sociedad .
Chris Fortey ( born 25 August 1975 in Gloucester ) is a retired English rugby union player for Worcester Warriors in the Aviva Premiership .
Harald Nielsen was born in Frederikshavn and started his footballing career in hometown club Frederikshavn fI , where he debuted in the second - highest Danish league in March 1959 .
Enrique Romo Navarro ( born July 15 , 1947 in Santa Rosalía , Baja California Sur , Mexico ) is a former relief pitcher in Major League Baseball who played for the Seattle Mariners ( 1977 - -78 ) and Pittsburgh Pirates ( 1979 - -82 ) .
Chris Rodd signed for the New York Cosmos in June 2013 .
Frank Harley ( 29 June 1895 -- 14 December 1978 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played in the VFL between 1915 and 1917 and then from 1919 to 1925 for the Richmond Football Club .
Troy Westwood ( born March 21 , 1967 ; raised in Dauphin , Manitoba ) is a former professional Canadian football place kicker and punter who played 18 years for the Winnipeg Blue Bombers of the Canadian Football League .
Ayoze García Pérez ( born 22 November 1985 ) , known simply as Ayoze , is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for North American club New York Cosmos mostly as a left back .
Maxime Daigneault ( born January 23 , 1984 ) is a professional ice hockey goaltender who is currently playing for the Windsor Wild of the LNAH .
Claudio Centurión ( born July 21 , 1983 in Concepción , Paraguay ) is a Paraguayan footballer currently playing for Nacional Potosí of the Primera División in Bolivia .
Michael Berne is an Australian rugby player who played as centre for Leinster Rugby in 2007 - -2008 .
Charlie Amesbury ( born 8 April 1986 in Portsmouth ) is a rugby union footballer who plays on the wing or full back for Bristol Rugby in the RFU Championship , where he previously played Sale Sharks and Newcastle Falcons from the Aviva Premiership .
Rodrigo Domingos dos Santos or simply Rodrigo Paraná ( born January 25 , 1987 in Nossa Senhora do Livramento ) , is a Brazilian footballer who plays as an striker for V - Varen Nagasaki in the Japann professional league , J2 League .
Dominic Pürcher ( born 24 June 1988 in Schladming ) is an Austrian footballer who plays for SC Austria Lustenau .
Abdenour Hadiouche ( born December 30 , 1984 in Bouïra ) is an Algerian football player who plays for JS Kabylie in the Algerian Ligue Professionnelle 1 .
Dame Diop ( born 15 February 1993 ) is a professional Senegalese football midfielder currently playing for SK Slavia Prague .
Bill Gratton ( born February 29 , 1948 in Brantford , Ontario ) is a retired professional ice hockey player who played six games in the World Hockey Association with the Calgary Cowboys during the 1975 - -76 season .
Nino Pasikashvili ( born December 4 , 1991 ) is a Georgian football defender currently playing for Adana İdmanyurduspor in the Turkish First League , and the Georgian national team .
Yaya Darlaine Coulibaly is a Burkina Faso professional footballer , who plays as a Defender for ASFA Yennenga and the Burkina Faso national football team .
Recruited from the Cape Town based club Hellenic F.C. at age 15 by TSV 1860 München , Lance Davids is a youth product of the Bavarian club to which he transferred in 2001 .
Carl Engström ( born September 26 , 1991 ) is a Swedish professional basketball player who is currently playing for the Södertälje Kings of the Basketligan .
Laldingngheta made his professional debut for Rangdajied United F.C. in the I - League against Prayag United at the Salt Lake Stadium on 22 September 2013 in which he came on in the 72nd minute for Pratik Chaudhari as Rangdajied United lost 0 - -2 .
Mirosław Dębiec , born February 14 , 1987 in Mielec ) is a Polish football goalkeeper , who currently plays for Polonia Słubice and the Poland national under-21 football team .
Dimitrios Angelopoulos ( Greek : Δημήτριος Αγγελόπουλος , born 14 December 1993 ) is a Greek professional footballer as a goalkeeper who plays for Härnösands FF on loan from Iraklis Psachna F.C ..
Paul Emblen ( born 3 April 1976 ) is an English former professional footballer who played for Tonbridge Angels , Charlton Athletic , Brighton & Hove Albion and Wycombe Wanderers .
Juan Pablo Montes Montes ( born 26 October 1985 in Sulaco , Yoro , Honduras ) is a Honduran football player who currently plays as a defender for C.D. Motagua in the Honduran Liga Nacional .
Gu Sung - yun ( Korean : 구성윤 , born 27 June 1994 ) is a South Korean professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Japanese club Consadole Sapporo .
Angus O'Brien ( born 17 September 1994 ) is a Welsh rugby union player who plays for Newport Gwent Dragons regional team as a fly - half having previously played for Cross Keys RFC .
Lukas Kiefer ( born 25 April 1993 ) is a German footballer who plays as a midfielder for 1 . FC Saarbrücken .
Yohann Sangaré ( born April 5 , 1983 ) is a French professional basketball who currently plays ASVEL Basket of the LNB Pro A.
Ngoy Bomboko joined Azerbaijani Premier League side Gabala FC on loan for the first half of the 2007 - 08 season , scoring 4 goals in 11 appearances .
Emiliano Buendía Stati ( American Spanish : ( emi'ljano βwen'di.a ) ; born 25 December 1996 ) , commonly known as Emi , is an Argentine footballer who plays for Getafe CF as a forward .
Lasse Kryger ( born 3 November 1982 ) is a Danish professional football midfielder , who currently plays for the Danish club AC Horsens .
Aleksandar Brđanin ( Serbian Cyrillic : Aлександар Брђанин , born January 18 , 1981 ) is a Bosnian Serb football striker playing with FK Vršac in the Serbian League Vojvodina .
Bojan Lazić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Бojaн Лaзић ; born May 13 , 1974 in Kruševac ) is a professional Serbian football player who plays for Soproni VSE in the Hungarian 2nd division .
Zheng Jianfeng ( Chinese : 郑剑锋 ; pinyin : Zhèng Jiànfēng ; born 22 March 1989 in Dalian , Liaoning ) is a professional Chinese footballer who currently plays as a defender for C.D. Aves in the Segunda Liga .
Miroslav Latiak ( born 19 March 1981 ) is a Slovak footballer who currently plays as a forward for MFK Tatran Liptovský Mikuláš of the Slovak Slovak 2 .
Yunus Mallı ( born 24 February 1992 ) is a Turkish footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for Bundesliga club 1 . FSV Mainz 05 and the Turkish national team .
Matthew Allwood ( born 16 November 1992 ) is an Indigenous Australian professional rugby league footballer who currently plays for the New Zealand Warriors in the National Rugby League .
Elias Yfantis ( Greek : Ηλίας Υφαντής ; born 1936 ) is a veteran international Greek football player and was a key member of Olympiacos F.C. during the 1950s and 1960s .
Alassane Diallo ( 19 February 1995 ) is a Malian professional football player who currently plays for K.V.C. Westerlo , on loan from Standard Liège .
Radhi Shenaishil Swadi ( Arabic : راضي شنيشل سوادي‎ ; born 11 August 1966 ) is a former Iraqi footballer and current coach who last managed Qatar SC .
Melvin Zaalman ( born June 17 , 1988 in Rotterdam , Netherlands ) is a Dutch footballer who made his Eerste Divisie league debut for club FC Dordrecht during the 2009 - -2010 season .
Jürgen Raeymaeckers ( born 3 May 1985 ) is a Belgian football striker who currently plays for K. Lyra T.S.V. in the lower leagues of Belgian football .
Geoff Spring ( 20 April 1925 -- 3 October 1997 ) was an Australian rules football player who played in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) in between 1948 and 1957 for the Richmond Football Club .
Sam Tomkins ( born 23 March 1989 ) is an English professional rugby league footballer who currently plays for the Wigan Warriors in the Super League .
Miljan Vukadinović ( born 27 December 1992 ) is a professional Serbian football winger currently playing for SK Slavia Prague on loan from FK Mladá Boleslav .
Gautam Kalpoe ( born 19 Sep 1991 , Rotterdam ) is a Dutch footballer who plays as a Defender for Willem II in the Eerste Divisie .
Leon Draisaitl ( born October 27 , 1995 ) is a German ice hockey forward , currently playing for the Edmonton Oilers of the National Hockey League ( NHL ) .
Zdeněk Klesnil ( born 28 October 1986 in Kroměříž ) is a Czech football striker who currently plays for the Gambrinus liga club SK Sigma Olomouc .
Oualid El Hamdaoui ( born 5 February 1993 in Bagnols - sur - Cèze ) is a French born Moroccan professional footballer , who currently plays for COD Meknès .
Carlos Gael Acosta Zavala ( born March 26 , 1992 in Los Mochis , Sinaloa ) is a Mexican professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Mexican club C.F. Monterrey .
Margaret Webster was born in New York City , the daughter of two famous actors , Ben Webster and Dame May Whitty .
Liezl Martinez ( March 27 , 1967 - March 14 , 2015 ) , born as Anna Lisa Sumilang to actress Amalia Fuentes and actor Romeo Vasquez , was an actress in the Philippines where she was known by her screen names Liezl and Anna - Lisa .
Bertha of Savoy was a daughter of Count Otto of Savoy ( also called Eudes and Odo ) and his wife Adelaide of Susa from the Arduinici noble family .
Prince Alexander von Fürstenberg ( born Alexandre Egon Prinz zu Fürstenberg , January 25 , 1970 ) is the son of fashion designers Diane von Fürstenberg and Prince Egon von Fürstenberg .
Annia Aurelia Fadilla , most commonly known as Fadilla ( 159-died after 211 ) was an influential Roman Princess and was one of the daughters born to Roman Emperor Marcus Aurelius and Roman Empress Faustina the Younger .
The Khlong Kui drains into the Gulf of Thailand from the Malay Peninsula in Thailand .
The Panke is a small river in Brandenburg and Berlin , a right tributary of the Spree .
The Bemboka River , a perennial stream of the Bega River catchment , is located in the Monaro and South Coast regions of New South Wales , Australia .
The Logon or Logone River is a major tributary of the Chari River .
Kräppladiket is one of the four inflow rivers of Lake Magelungen in southern Stockholm , Sweden .
Hasse diagrams are named after Helmut Hasse ( 1898 - -1979 ) ; according to Birkhoff ( 1948 ) , they are so called because of the effective use Hasse made of them .
The Società Navigazione del Lago di Lugano or Lake Lugano Navigation Company ( SNL ) is a Swiss company operating passenger services on Lake Lugano .
The earliest surviving recorded mention of Solikamsk , initially as `` Usolye - na - Kamskom '' ( Усолье на Камском ) dates from 1430 , in connection with the discovery and exploitation by miners and merchants , probably from Vologda , of massive salt deposits on the banks of the Usolka River .
Bartholin 's glands were first described in the 17th century by the Danish anatomist Caspar Bartholin the Younger ( 1655 - -1738 ) .
Engineer Georg Knorr established Knorr - Bremse GmbH in 1905 in Boxhagen - Rummelsburg , Neue Bahnhofstraße , near Berlin ( since 1920 part of Berlin - Friedrichshain ) .
Michael Malarkey ( born in June 21 , 1983 ) is a British - American actor and singer best known for his role as Enzo in the series The Vampire Diaries .
Camille West is an American satirical folk singer - songwriter .
Anupam Amod ( Hindi : अनुपम अमोद ) is an Indian playback singer .
J. Milton Dyer ( April 22 , 1870 -- May 27 , 1957 ) was a prominent Cleveland , Ohio architect .
Nomfusi is a South African singer and performer of Afro - Soul music .
Thomas Y. Drake ( June 28 , 1936 -- August 8 , 2008 ) , also known professionally as Tom Drake and T.Y. Drake , was a Canadian singer - songwriter , film director and screenwriter .
Pat Martino ( born August 25 , 1944 ) is an Italian - American jazz guitarist and composer within the post - bop , fusion , mainstream jazz and soul jazz idioms .
Raosaheb Shekhawat ( born Rajendrasingh Shekhawat , also spelled Rajendra Singh Shekhawat ) is a politician in the Indian state of Maharashtra .
Cape Sarichef , Sarychev Peak , Sarichef Strait and Sarichef Island in Alaska were named by explorer Lt . Otto von Kotzebue after Gavril Sarychev , who was then in charge of the Russian Imperial Hydrographic Service .
Anna Antonova ( Russian : Анна Антонова , born 18 September 1965 ) is a former competitive figure skater for the Soviet Union .
Laura Shigihara is a video game composer , independent game developer , and singer - songwriter .
Matthew Naythons ( February 8 , 1946 ) is an American photojournalist , physician and publisher .
Varney had noticed the shred guitar ability of Chastain , member of the Cincinnati - based band CJSS and , at the same time , he wanted to create an output for the talent of young singer Leather Leone , formerly with the San Francisco band Rude Girl .
John Gunion Rutherford ( December 25 , 1857 -- July 24 , 1923 ) was a Canadian veterinarian , civil servant , and politician .
Alexandre Delpérier ( born November 17 , 1967 ) is a French sports journalist , radio and television presenter .
Mary Loos ( May 6 , 1910 -- October 11 , 2004 ) was an American actress , screenwriter and novelist .
Stamatis Kraounakis ( Greek : Σταμάτης Κραουνάκης ) is a Greek music composer , music producer , lyricist , writer and director .
Lars Grimsrud is an aerospace engineer and performance automobile enthusiast who has become a celebrity amongst owners of carbureted Chevrolet Corvettes and GM muscle cars for his skill at tuning their engines .
Colby Lopez ( born May 28 , 1986 ) is an American professional wrestler who is signed to WWE under the ring name Seth Rollins .
Jonathan Crombie ( October 12 , 1966 -- April 15 , 2015 ) was a Canadian actor and voice over , best known for playing Gilbert Blythe in CBC Television 's 1985 telefilm Anne of Green Gables and its two sequels .
Salimjon Aioubov ( Tajik : Салимҷон Аюбов , Persian : سلیم‌جان ایوب‌اف‎ , Mascho , USSR ) is a journalist , reporter and writer .
David Kirk Traylor , best known as David Zed and Mr. Zed , is an American mime , actor and singer , mainly active in Italy .
Billy Johnstone ( born in Cunnamulla , Queensland ) is an Australian former rugby league player for the Canterbury Bulldogs , St. George Dragons and the Gold Coast Chargers .
Yosef Carmon is an Israeli actor and theater director .
Telly Savalas held a degree in psychology and was a world - class poker player who finished 21st at the main event in the 1992 World Series of Poker , as well as a motorcycle racer and lifeguard .
Lee Byung - woo ( Hangul : 이병우 ; born January 22 , 1965 ) is a South Korean guitarist and composer of film scores .
Tom Root ( born September 20 , 1973 ) is an Emmy Award - winning writer , producer , director and voice actor for Robot Chicken .
Mahmood Hamid ( born January 19 , 1969 , Karachi , Sindh ) is a former Pakistani cricketer who played one ODI in 1995 .
Binh Danh ( born 9 October 1977 ) is a Vietnamese - born photographer and artist .
Kyra E. Hicks ( born October 1 , 1965 ) is an author , quilter and quilt historian .
Samuel Besler ( Brzeg 15 December 1574 - 19 July 1625 ) was a German - Polish composer .
Charles Olivier is an American screenwriter , playwright and journalist .
Jacob Ralph Abarbanell ( December 6 , 1852 -- November 9 , 1922 ) was an American lawyer , author , and playwright from New York City .
Mitchell Lewis ( June 26 , 1880 -- August 24 , 1956 ) was an American film actor whose career spanned both the silent and sound film eras .
Elle Evans ( born Lindsey Gayle Evans ; December 9 , 1989 ) is an American model and actress who lives and works in Los Angeles , California .
Stephen Li - Chung Kuo ( Chinese : 郭立中 ; pinyin : Guō Lìzhōng ) ( born July 27 , 1990 ) is a Taiwanese - American figure skater who competes internationally for Taiwan in men 's singles .
George Edward Holbrook ( March 4 , 1909 - February 26 , 1987 ) was a noted American chemical engineer and a founding member of the National Academy of Engineering .
Christopher Tucker is a British make - up artist for theatre and film .
Matthew Rosenberg ( born August 2 , 1974 ) is an American journalist who covers national security issues for The New York Times .
Katharina Rosenberger is a Swiss composer and sound artist currently living in the United States .
Charles Doolittle Walcott ( March 31 , 1850 -- February 9 , 1927 ) was an American paleontologist , administrator , running the Smithsonian Institution from 1907 to 1927 , and geologist .
Luke Feldman is an Australian cricketer who plays for the Queensland Bulls .
Pan Shih - wei ( Chinese : 潘世偉 ; pinyin : Pān Shìwěi ) is a politician in the Republic of China .
Marianne Stokes ( 1855 - -1927 ) , born Marianne Preindlsberger was an Austrian painter .
Del Flanagan ( November 6 , 1928 -- December 26 , 2003 ) was a middleweight professional boxer from Minnesota .
Mam Sonando ( Khmer : ម៉ម សូណង់ដូ ; born February 13 , 1942 ) is a Cambodian radio journalist with French dual citizenship .
Charles MacFarland is an Australian videographer , photographer , and producer who makes films ( available on DVD and VHS video formats ) through his company Synetech Video featuring naked people in social settings .
Varduhi Vardanyan ( Armenian : Վարդուհի Վարդանյան ; June 26 , 1976 -- October 15 , 2006 ) was an Armenian singer .
Raphaël Confiant ( born January 25 , 1951 ) is a Martinican writer known for his literary commitment towards Creole literature .
Lissa Endriga is an American television host and model , best known for her work on the travel - adventure television show Destination X :
Kazimierz Jarochowski ( 1828 - -1888 ) was a Polish historian , publicist of the Dziennik Poznański ( Poznań Daily ) , co - founder of PTPN .
Apart from working as a journalist for L'Humanité , Louis Aragon also became , along with Paul Nizan , editor secretary of the journal Commune , published by the Association des Écrivains et Artistes Révolutionnaires ( Association of Revolutionary Writers and Artists ) , which aimed at gathering intellectuals and artists in a common front against fascism .
Stephen Kramer Glickman ( born March 17 , 1979 ) is a Canadian actor , fashion designer , music producer , chef , stand - up comedian , and bounty hunter .
Tom Ljungman , ( born May 29 , 1991 ) , is a Swedish television and film actor .
Philip Eisner is an American screenwriter best known for writing the screenplay for the 1997 science fiction / horror film Event Horizon , which was produced by Paramount and helmed by director Paul W.S. Anderson .
John Leanerd ( fl . 1679 ) was a British playwright , notorious as a plagiarist .
Amitabh Mitra ( Bengali : অমিতাভ মিত্র ) is an Indian - born South African physician , poet and artist , whose paintings depict dramatised stick figures .
Raymond Rock ( October 1 , 1922 -- January 22 , 2016 ) was a Canadian politician and a businessman .
Kuo Po - cheng ( Chinese : 郭柏成 ; pinyin : Guō Bóchéng ) ( born January 15 , 1978 ) is a Taiwanese professional pool player , nicknamed `` the Little Monster '' .
Don Nardo ( born February 22 , 1947 ) is an American historian , composer , and writer .
Anil Radhakrishnan Menon is an Indian film director , mainly of Malayalam films .
Byron Pang Koon - kei ( Chinese : 彭冠期 ) is a Hong Kong actor and former model of Jiexi , Guangdong descent .
Ammi Giddings ( 1822 -- February 13 , 1882 ) was an American lawyer and politician from Connecticut , who was twice elected to the Connecticut Senate .
Jimmy Tsai is a Chinese American film director , writer , producer , actor , and editor .
Count Leonardo Vitetti ( 1895 - -1973 ) was an Italian diplomat who served as a delegate to the United Nations from 1956 to 1958 .
Willie Rosario a.k.a . `` Mr. Afinque '' ( born May 6 , 1930 ) is a musician , composer and bandleader of salsa music .
Karen König ( born c. 1969 ) is a retired German freestyle swimmer who won two gold medals at the 1985 European Aquatics Championships as part of the East Germany relay teams .
Beulah Levy Ledner ( January 5 , 1894 -- March 30 , 1988 ) was a dessert and pastry chef in New Orleans , Louisiana , who was most noted for her invention of Doberge cakes , which were an adaptation for Louisiana tastes of the Hungarian / Austrian dish dobos torte .
Joan Breton Connelly is an American classical archaeologist and Professor of Classics and Art History at New York University .
Robin Fields ( born September 5 , 1967 ) is an American journalist and investigative reporter with ProPublica , an independent , not - for - profit news agency .
Nambaryn Enkhbayar ( Mongolian : Намбарын Энхбаяр ; born June 1 , 1958 ) is a Mongolian politician .
Alton Hardy Howard ( March 28 , 1925 -- October 29 , 2006 ) was a businessman , author , and a gospel songwriter from West Monroe in Ouachita Parish in northeastern Louisiana .
Edward Jones - Imhotep is a historian of technology , academic and currently an associate professor at York University .
Cristóbal Lander ( born June 8 , 1978 ) is a Venezuelan actor and model .
Alok Shetty is a Bangalore - based architect who works for a non - profit organisation called Parinaam Foundation .
Jürgen Barth ( born December 10 , 1947 in Thum , Saxony ) is a German engineer and a former racecar driver .
Mario Caiano ( February 13 , 1933 -- September 20 , 2015 ) was an Italian film director , screenwriter , producer and second unit director .
Jo - Anne Nadler is a British journalist , writer , political commentator and Conservative Party politician .
Subhash Suri ( born July 7 , 1960 ) is an Indian - American computer scientist , a professor at the University of California , Santa Barbara .
Dolores Hart , O.S.B. , ( born October 20 , 1938 ) is an American Roman Catholic Benedictine nun who had been previously a prominent actress .
Stanley Awramik ( born 1946 ) is an American biogeologist and paleontologist .
Chester Kamen ( born in Hackney , London ) is an English session guitarist , whose work has included performing with Paul McCartney , Bryan Ferry , Bob Geldof , Madonna , Robbie Williams , Roger Waters , Seal , Massive Attack , Kirsty McColl , and Gabrielle .
Mary Ann Paton ( 1802 - -1864 ) married names including Mary Ann Wood , was a Scottish vocalist .
Rosie DiManno ( born c. 1956 ) is a Canadian journalist who has worked at the Toronto Star since beginning her career in 1975 .
Philistus ( Greek : Φίλιστος ; c. 432 -- 356 BC ) , son of Archomenidas , was Greek historian from Sicily .
Hilda Lane was an English tennis player active during the first decade and a half of the 20th century .
Todd Graff ( born October 22 , 1959 ) is an American actor , writer and director , best known for his 2003 independent film Camp and his role as Alan `` Hippy '' Carnes in the 1989 science fiction film The Abyss .
Thomas Stoltz Harvey ( October 10 , 1912 -- April 5 , 2007 ) was a pathologist who conducted the autopsy on Albert Einstein in 1955 .
Matthew Barney ( born March 25 , 1967 ) is an American artist who works in sculpture , photography , drawing and film .
Patrick Denner , nicknamed Pat Magnum is an American private investigator depicted with dark curly hair , beard and moustache , and as an occasional womanizer who lives grotesque adventures .
Emmanuel Nii Akwei Addo is a director of the International Law Division of the Attorney - General 's Department and the Ministry of Justice .
Dan Hirschhorn is a national political journalist based in New York City where he currently serves as the Continuous News Editor of Time.com .
Dragoš Kalajić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Драгош Калајић ; 1943 - -2005 ) was a Serbian artist , philosopher and writer .
Lisa Taraki is a Palestinian journalist , teacher and a sociologist .
Everdien Flora Lagerwerf - Vergunst ( born May 23 , 1964 in Ede ) is a Dutch judge and former politician and educator .
W. Henry Hatch ( June 13 , 1900 -- April 4 , 1964 ) was the equipment manager for the University of Michigan varsity sports programs for 43 years from 1921 to 1964 .
Eric Michael Cole ( born September 21 , 1976 ) is an American actor , producer and editor .
Josiah Ogden Hoffman ( April 14 , 1766 -- January 24 , 1837 in New York City ) was an American lawyer and politician .
Igor Munteanu ( born August 10 , 1965 , Costuleni ) is a Moldovan ambassador , political analyst and journalist .
Daniel Breton ( born June 18 , 1962 ) is an environmental activist and politician in the Canadian province of Quebec .
Jesús Joel Díaz Hernández is a Cuban journalist who was imprisoned by the Cuban government from 1999 - 2001 .
Freymóður Jóhannsson ( September 12 , 1895 - March 3 , 1973 ) was an Icelandic artist , painter and song composer .
John M. Broughton is a British psychologist and professor who specializes in cultural studies , media and visual culture , youth culture , popular culture , gender , and violence .
Jerry Herman ( born July 10 , 1931 or 1933 ) is an American composer and lyricist , known for his work in Broadway musical theater .
Cara Buono ( born March 1 , 1974 ) is an American actress , screenwriter and director , known for her role as Dr. Faye Miller in the fourth season of the AMC drama series Mad Men .
Victor Davis , CM ( February 10 , 1964 -- November 13 , 1989 ) was a Canadian Olympic and world champion swimmer who specialized in the breaststroke .
Mads Langer ( born 1984 ) is a Danish singer - songwriter , who became internationally known for his cover of `` You 're Not Alone '' by the British band Olive .
Chris Cuddington is an Australian animation director who worked at Hanna - Barbera Australia studios in Sydney during the 1970s and 1980s .
Dr K. P. Ramalingam is an Indian politician and elected as member of parliament candidate in June , 2010 for Rajya Sabha .
Will Glickman ( Born : March 7 , 1910 died March 11 , 1983 ) was an American playwright who frequently collaborated with Joseph Stein .
Amos Bronson Alcott ( /ˈɔːlkət , -kɪt/ ; November 29 , 1799 -- March 4 , 1888 ) was an American teacher , writer , philosopher , and reformer .
Andrew Lockington ( born January 31 , 1974 ) is a Canadian film score composer , who composes scores for American and Canadian films .
Chin Injeti ( born Pranam Injeti in India ) is a Canadian singer , musician , and music producer .
Nigel Ogden is a British theatre organist , known for presenting and performing on the BBC Radio 2 programme The Organist Entertains for over 35 years .
Rick Gitelson ( born Washington , D.C. ) is an American television and film producer and screenwriter .
Adam Parfrey is an American journalist , editor , and the publisher of Feral House books , whose work in all three capacities frequently centers on unusual , extreme , or `` forbidden '' areas of knowledge .
Thomas Montgomery Bell ( March 17 , 1861 -- March 18 , 1941 ) was an American politician who served as House majority whip from 1913 to 1915 .
Gene Nelson ( March 24 , 1920 -- September 16 , 1996 ) was an American dancer , actor , screenwriter , and director .
Xavier Videau was a French figure skater who competed in pairs .
Jose Luis Valenzuela is a theater and film director and tenure professor at the UCLA School of Theater , Film and Television .
Luigi Lucioni ( born Giuseppe Luigi Carlo Benevenuto Lucioni November 4 , 1900 -- July 22 , 1988 ) was an Italian American painter known for his still lifes , landscapes , and portraits .
Charles L. Cooke ( September 3 , 1891 -- December 25 , 1958 ) was an American jazz bandleader and arranger , who performed and recorded under the stage name Doc Cook .
Servando Bayo ( October 27 , 1822 -- May 18 , 1884 ) was an Argentine politician who served as the National Autonomist Party governor of the province of Santa Fe from April 7 , 1874 , to April 7 , 1878 .
Dan Attoe is a painter , sculptor , bullfighter and founder of art group Paintallica .
C. S. Puttaraju is an Indian politician belonging to the Janata Dal ( Secular ) party .
Elizabeth Metayer ( August 12 , 1911 -- June 7 , 1998 ) was an American homemaker turned politician who was a member of the Massachusetts House of Representatives from 1975 - -1985 .
Chen Yuh - chang ( Chinese : 陳裕璋 ; pinyin : Chén Yùzhāng ) is a politician in the Republic of China .
Carl Ballantine ( September 27 , 1917 -- November 3 , 2009 ) , born Meyer Kessler , was an American magician , comedian and actor .
Walter Baldwin ( January 2 , 1889 − January 27 , 1977 ) was a prolific character actor whose career spanned five decades and 150 film and television roles , and numerous stage performances .
David Salomon is an author and photographer from Dallas , Texas , USA .
Giannis Aggelakas ( Greek : Γιάννης Αγγελάκας ) is a Greek singer , songwriter , and poet .
Jessie Baetz was a Canadian - American artist , composer , and pianist .
Lloyd Arthur Eshbach ( June 20 , 1910 -- October 29 , 2003 ) was an American science fiction fan , publisher and writer , secular and religious publisher , and minister .
Johnny Zell ( born November 24 , 1947 ) is an American musician , best known as a trumpeter from The Lawrence Welk Show , a musical , variety - show television series .
Bryan Lewis ( born September 10 , 1942 in Alliston , Ontario ) is a Canadian municipal politician and a former referee and Director of Officiating for the National Hockey League .
David Russell Hulme ( born 19 June 1951 ) is a Welsh conductor and musicologist .
Heraclides of Tarsus ( fl . 2nd century BC ) was a Stoic philosopher native to Tarsus , Mersin .
Jon Scieszka ( SHCHEH - shka : which phonetically resembles ścieżka , the Polish word for `` path '' ) ( born September 8 , 1954 ) is an American children 's writer , best known for picture books created with the illustrator Lane Smith .
Welcome Ncita ( born 1965 - 10 - 25 ) is a retired professional boxer and IBF Super Bantamweight Champion .
João Baião ( born October 8 , 1963 ) is a Portuguese television presenter , entertainer and actor .
Catherine Ann Jones is an award - winning playwright , screenwriter , and author .
Ivaldo Bertazzo is a Brazilian dancer , choreographer and movement therapist .
Carlos de Grunenbergh , also known as Carlo Grunenberg , was a Flemish architect and military engineer active in the late 17th century .
Kenny Nims ( born March 21 , 1987 ) was a lacrosse player for the Chicago Machine of Major League Lacrosse .
Susan Levitt is a San Francisco astrologer and tarot card reader .
Yoshihiro Francis Fukuyama ( born October 27 , 1952 ) is an American political scientist , political economist , and author .
Bass Otis ( July 17 , 1784 - November 3 , 1861 ) , was an early American artist , inventor , and portrait painter .
Won Ki - joon ( born February 12 , 1974 ) is a South Korean actor .
Chukwuemeka Chikelu is a Nigerian lawyer and politician who was a National Representative from Anambra State ( 1999 - -2003 ) , and then was Minister of Information and National Orientation during the second term of President Olusegun Obasanjo .
Ioan Mang ( Romanian pronunciation : ( iˈo̯an maŋɡ ) ; born July 15 , 1958 ) is a Romanian politician , member of the Social Democratic Party , who served as the Education Minister in Victor Ponta 's cabinet .
Michael Smuin ( October 13 , 1938 -- April 23 , 2007 ) was a ballet dancer , choreographer and theatre director .
Amy Suiter was an interim head coach of the Texas Tech Red Raiders softball team for the 2009 season .
Mike Vincenti is an American judoka from Revere , Massachusetts .
Talal Maddah starred in a single movie , Fog Street ( شارع الضباب ) , in 1965 with the well - known singer Sabah .
Aleksandar Gigović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Александар Гиговић ; born April 20 , 1983 , in Kragujevac , Socialist Republic of Yugoslavia - died on July 28 , 2007 , Ivanjica , Serbia ) was a Serbian volleyball player who spent his entire career at OK Radnički Kragujevac .
Kayt Jones is a London - born , LA - based British fashion photographer known for her strikingly cinematic imagery .
Angela Brazil is seen as the first writer of girls ' school story fiction who wrote stories from the point of view of the pupils and whose stories were mostly intended to entertain readers , rather than instruct them on moral principles .
Leigh Anne Tuohy ( née Roberts ; born August 9 , 1960 ) is an American interior designer .
Alain LeNôtre , son of Gaston Lenôtre , is a certified pastry chef , candy maker and ice cream maker ; he was also trained as a cook at Le Grand Véfour , a restaurant in Paris .
Bryan Nesbitt is an automobile designer and currently head of General Motors Corporation International Operations Design , based in Shanghai , China .
Guy de Chauliac ( French : ( də ʃoljak ) ) , also called Guido or Guigo de Cauliaco ( c. 1300 -- 25 July 1368 ) , was a French physician and surgeon who wrote a lengthy and influential treatise on surgery in Latin , titled Chirurgia Magna .
On 21 July , Misha B duetted with British singer Charlie Brown on `` Floodgates Part 2 '' was released on to iTunes .
John Richard Montgomery is an American paediatrician and immunologist .
Ajith Perera is a Sri Lankan politician and current member of Parliament .
Syed Munir Hussain Gilani is a politician in Pakistan , who fought for democracy in Pakistan all his life .
Rosslynn Taylor , also known as Rosslynn Taylor - Jordan , is an American actress , voice - over artist , and casting director .
Roger A. Pielke , Sr . ( born October 22 , 1946 ) is an American meteorologist with interests in climate variability and climate change , environmental vulnerability , numerical modeling , atmospheric dynamics , land / ocean -- atmosphere interactions , and large eddy / turbulent boundary layer modeling .
Ricky Anderson is a retired Canadian boxer , born in historic Africville , Nova Scotia .
Juan de Velasco y Pérez Petroche ( 1727 - -1792 ) was an 18th - century Jesuit priest , historian , and professor of philosophy and theology from the Royal Audience of Quito .
Wooden Wand is the stage name of singer - songwriter James Jackson Toth , who has recorded under his given name as well as the name WAND .
Marcos Losekann is also a writer .
Bert V. Royal , Jr. ( born October 14 , 1977 ) is an American screenwriter , playwright and former casting director .
Marjorie Content ( 1895 - -1984 ) was an American photographer active in modernist social and artistic circles .
David Michael Staton , better known as Mick Staton ( February 11 , 1940 -- April 14 , 2014 ) was an American politician .
Isaac Roach ( February 24 , 1786 -- December 29 , 1848 ) was an American lawyer and politician who served one term as mayor of Philadelphia , from 1838 to 1839 .
James Drescher , better known as Jimmy G or Jimmy Gestapo and also known as Jimmy Spliff , is the lead singer for New York based hardcore punk band Murphy 's Law .
Albert J. Ruffo ( July 1 , 1908 -- February 10 , 2003 ) was an American politician , philanthropist , educator , lawyer , and football coach .
Kovelamudi Bapayya or K. Bapaiah is famous Indian film director .
Mark Roth ( born April 10 , 1951 ) is a retired professional bowler .
Uda Walawwe Mahim Bandaralage Chanaka Asanka Welegedara , more commonly referred to as Chanaka Welegedara , චානක වෙලගෙදර ( born March 20 , 1981 , Matale ) , is a Sri Lankan international cricketer .
Jeffrey Sanzel is a theater director , stage actor , and playwright .
Simon Emmerson is a record producer , guitarist , DJ and founder of the group Afro Celt Sound System .
Peter Rusnák , son of a Greek Catholic priest , was born in Humenné , a city in the eastern Slovakia .
Elaine Tanner - Watt , OC ( born February 22 , 1951 ) is a Canadian former competition swimmer .
John Scott Everton ( March 7 , 1908 -- January 23 , 2003 ) was an American college president and diplomat .
Robert Hibbs Peebles ( 1900 - 1956 ) was an American botanist and agronomist who worked for the United States Department of Agriculture .
Burton Burns ( born October 27 , 1952 ) is the associate head coach / running backs coach for the Alabama Crimson Tide football team .
Rogelio Blaín ( b. Rogelio Juan Blaín Blaín ; 1944 ) is a Cuban actor of radio , television , and film .
Stephen Carlile ( born Bath , Somerset , England ) is a British actor well known for portraying the villain Scar in the 2013 European musical adaptation of the Disney film The Lion King .
Hadiqa Kiani ( Urdu : حدیقہ کیانی ‎ ) is a Pakistani singer and songwriter .
Frances Bergen ( born Frances Westerman ; September 14 , 1922 -- October 2 , 2006 ) was an American actress and fashion model .
Trine Søndergaard ( born 1972 ) , is a Danish visual artist and contemporary photographer .
Ji Sang - ryeol ( born December 26 , 1970 ) is a South Korean actor , comedian , and host .
Katya Bachrouche is a Lebanese - American international swimmer who holds the Lebanese record in eight events .
Brett Callwood is an English journalist , copy writer , editor and author , currently living and working in Colorado .
Chris Fraser ( professional name Chris Larceny ) is an African - American urban music and hip - hop music video , television and film director .
Kam Fong Chun ( May 27 , 1918 -- October 18 , 2002 ) , born Kam Tong Chun , was an American actor , best known for his role as Chin Ho Kelly , a police detective on the CBS television network series Hawaii Five - O.
Lanre Buraimoh is a Nigerian - born award - winning artist who is based in Texas , USA .
Eric Dean Seaton is an American television director , producer and graphic novelist .
Mahealani Perez - Wendt is a Kanaka Maoli ( Native Hawaiian ) poet , writer and community activist residing in Hawaiʻi , on the island of Maui .
Johan Erhard Areschoug ( Johannes Erhard Areschoug , Philos . Doctor , Botanices et Oeconomiae ) ( September 16 , 1811 - May 7 , 1887 ) was a Swedish botanist who was a native of Göteborg .
Martin Bronfenbrenner ( December 2 , 1914 in Pittsburgh -- June 2 , 1997 in Durham , North Carolina ) was an internationally renowned economist who published over 250 scholarly papers and five books and served as William R. Kenan , Jr. Professor Emeritus of Economics at Duke University .
Tanya Anne Crosby ( born June 5 , 1962 in Rota in Cadiz , Andalusia , Spain ) is an American writer of romance novels .
Grace Van Studdiford ( January 8 , 1873 -- January 29 , 1927 ) was an early twentieth - century American opera singer and actress .
Mark Kinsey Stephenson is an American - born actor most famous for his role as Randolph Carter in the H.P. Lovecraft film adaptation named The Unnamable and its sequel The Unnamable II :
John J. Cullen ( January 1 , 1845 in Mullingar , County Westmeath , Ireland -- June 19 , 1896 in New York City ) was an American politician from New York .
Sidney M. Goldin , born Samuel Goldstein ( March 25 , 1878-September 19 , 1937 ) was an American Jewish silent film director as well as a prominent writer , actor and producer for Yiddish theater during the early 20th century .
Brodie Greer ( born October 26 , 1949 in Santa Monica , California ) is an American actor , best known for his role as Officer Barry `` Bear '' Baricza on CHiPs .
K. R. Ganapathi ( ta : கே.ஆர். கணபதி ) was an Indian politician and former Member of the Legislative Assembly of Tamil Nadu .
Juan Pablo Vizcardo y Guzmán ( 1748 - -1798 ) was a Peruvian Jesuit , writer and campaigner for Latin American independence .
Elisha Warfield , Jr. ( February 5 , 1781 - May 15 , 1859 ) was an American physician and a Thoroughbred racehorse owner and breeder whom Thoroughbred Heritage calls `` one of the most important early figures in Kentucky racing and breeding . ''
Ulpio Minucci ( June 29 , 1917 -- March 9 , 2007 ) was an Italian - born composer and musician .
Clive A. Smith ( often credited as Clive Smith ) is a British expatriate director and animator who , with Michael Hirsh and Patrick Loubert , founded Canadian animation studio Nelvana in 1971 .
Gottfried Kägi ( born February 18 , 1911 ) was a Swiss skeleton racer who competed in the late 1940s .
Adrian Steirn is a photographer and filmmaker .
Will Chase ( born September 12 , 1970 ) is an American actor and singer , best known for his work in Broadway musicals and in his current role as country superstar Luke Wheeler on ABC 's Nashville .
Ivan Kakovitch ( December 9 , 1933 Kiev , USSR -- December 22 , 2006 Paris , France ) was an Assyrian author , journalist , professor , and a nationalist leader .
Filoteo Samaniego Salazar ( July 11 , 1928 - February 21 , 2013 ) was an Ecuadorian novelist , poet , historian , translator , and diplomat .
Stefan Franczak ( August 3 , 1917 , Jeziorna , Łódź Voivodeship , Poland -- 2009 ) was a Polish Jesuit monk and horticulturist , famous as a clematis breeder .
Paddy Neary ( born 1956 ) is an Irish retired hurler and referee who played as a left corner - back for the Kilkenny senior team .
Neal Burns ( June 26 , 1892 -- October 3 , 1969 ) was an American film actor , screenwriter , and director .
Professor Frederick Brian Pickering FREng is an English metallurgist .
Junior Bulumakau is a Fijian - born Scottish international Sevens rugby union player who plays for Glasgow Warriors at the Wing positions He signed for Glasgow Warriors on a year long contract from the Royal Regiment of Scotland in the British Army , where he played for their rugby team .
William Ganz ( January 7 , 1919 - November 11 , 2009 ) was a Slovakian - born American cardiologist who co - invented the pulmonary artery catheter , often referred to as the Swan - Ganz catheter , with Jeremy Swan in 1970 .
Jaquelin Taylor Robertson , FAIA , FAICP , usually credited as Jaquelin T. Robertson and informally known as `` Jaque , '' is an American architect and urban designer .
Scott Randolph ( born October 17 , 1973 ) is a Democratic politician who has served as the Orange County Tax Collector since 2013 .
Toby Love is a Puerto Rican American singer - songwriter .
Osman Aden Abdulle ( Somali : Cismaan Aaden Cabdulle , Arabic : عثمان عدن عبد الله‎ ) is a prominent Somali physician and geneticist .
John Cooper , Jr. ( September 15 , 1922 -- May 3 , 2011 ) , known as Jackie Cooper , was an American actor , television director , producer and executive .
George Frederick Chambers ( 1841 - -1915 ) was a barrister , amateur astronomer and author , who wrote a number of popular books about science .
Wilfredo Caraballo ( born January 1 , 1947 in Puerto Rico ) is an American Democratic Party politician , who served in the New Jersey General Assembly from 1996 - -2008 , where he represented the 29th legislative district .
Alice Hegan Rice , also known as Alice Caldwell Hegan , ( January 11 , 1870 -- February 10 , 1942 ) was an American novelist .
The novelist Philip Roth , considered one of Updike 's chief literary rivals , wrote that `` John Updike is our time 's greatest man of letters , as brilliant a literary critic and essayist as he was a novelist and short story writer .
Haskell Noyes ( July 22 , 1886 -- December 8 , 1948 ) was an American college basketball player and coach as well as a noted conservationist .
Giulia Botti ( born April 1 , 1980 ) is an Italian ski mountaineer and triathlete .
Stan Bush is an American singer - songwriter and musician whose most notable work includes the songs `` The Touch '' and `` Dare '' from the soundtrack to the 1986 animated film The Transformers :
Marcin Szczygielski ( born 1972 ) , Polish writer , journalist and graphic designer .
Gustav Klutsis ( Latvian : Gustavs Klucis , Russian : Густав Густавович Клуцис ) ( January 4 , 1895 -- February 26 , 1938 ) was a pioneering Latvian photographer and major member of the Constructivist avant - garde in the early 20th century .
Emilie Béatrice Epaye is Central African politician and educator .
Chrystabel Leighton - Porter ( 1913 -- 2000 ) was the model for the Second World War Daily Mirror newspaper cartoon heroine Jane which boosted morale during the Blitz .
Kamaloddin Jenab ( كمال الدین جناب ) was an Iranian pioneer physicist .
Emiliano Zuleta Baquero was a Colombian vallenato composer , accordion player and singer , popularly known as El viejo Mile ( The Old Mile ) .
Magomed Nurutdinov / Mahamed Nurudzinau ( born February 5 , 1982 ) is a Belarusian amateur boxer who boxed at the Olympics 2008 at welterweight and later became European champion .
Josef Spudich ( November 9 , 1908 - -March 10 , 2001 ) was a United States professional American football player and teacher .
Andrew Karney , FIET , FRSA is a British electrical engineer , businessman and company director .
Lionel Friedberg is a documentary film director , producer and writer who has written or produced films for Animal Planet , CBS , PBS , the History Channel , the Discovery Channel and National Geographic Channel .
Prilidiano Pueyrredón ( January 24 , 1823 -- November 3 , 1870 ) was an Argentine painter , architect , and engineer .
Shawn Heflick ( born June 17 , 1969 ) is an explorer , adventurer , biologist and current TV host for Python Hunters on National Geographic Wild .
Cengiz Koç ( born September 9 , 1977 in Gronau , North Rhine - Westphalia ) is a German heavyweight boxer of Turkish descent who won the bronze medal at the 2000 European amateur championships .
Bruce Baron ( November 15 , 1949 -- April 13 , 2013 ) was an American movie actor .
Paulo Duarte ( 1899 - -1984 ) , full name Paulo Alfeu Junqueira Duarte , was a Brazilian archaeologist and humanist .
Chris Rotelli ( born December 18 , 1979 ) is a professional lacrosse player who had a standout collegiate career at the University of Virginia before going on to the professional ranks in Major League Lacrosse .
Carson Williams is an electrical engineer from Mason , Ohio who is noted for his light shows using Christmas lights affixed to and around his house .
Angela Jackson ( born July 25 , 1951 ) is an award - winning poet , playwright and writer based in Chicago .
Juan Max Boettner ( May 26 , 1899 -- July 3 , 1958 ) , was a Paraguayan medical doctor and musical composer .
Amir Shervan ( Persian : امیر شروان‎‎ ) , born Amir Hosein Ghaffari ( Persian : اميرحسين غفاری ) , was an Iranian film director , producer , actor , and screenwriter .
Ida Haendel , CBE ( born 15 December 1928 ) is a British violinist of Polish birth .
Ben Bagley ( October 18 , 1933 -- March 21 , 1998 ) was an American musical theatre and record producer .
Jennifer Cihi ( born April 2 , 1966 ) is an American singer / actress who performed on Broadway , television , commercial jingles and provided several songs for animated series and films .
Hermann Eberhard ( 27 February 1852 in Ohlau , Silesia -- 30 May 1908 ) was a 19th - century German explorer credited with western discovery of considerable lands in Patagonia , Chile .
Dorian Bevec is a German molecular biologist , Chief Scientific Officer and co - founder at Mondobiotech .
Sherraine Schalm , formerly Sherraine Schalm - MacKay ( born June 21 , 1975 ) , is a former top - ranked Canadian Olympic épée fencer .
Akeomi Nitta ( 新田明臣 , born July 23 , 1973 ) is a Japanese kickboxer .
Sean Reed ( born 28 June 1965 ) is an English - born Australian darts player .
Ervin László ( Hungarian pronunciation : ( ˈɛrvin ˈlaːsloː ) ; born 12 May 1932 ) is a Hungarian philosopher of science , systems theorist , integral theorist , originally a classical pianist .
Andrea Fendt is a West German luger who competed during the 1970s .
William Samuel Hall ( November 8 , 1871 -- January 26 , 1938 ) was a dentist and a Canadian federal politician .
Richard Rainey was a Republican politician from Walnut Creek , California , a suburb in the San Francisco Bay Area .
Roger Hilsman , Jr. ( November 23 , 1919 -- February 23 , 2014 ) was an American soldier , government official , political scientist , and author .
Kotha Prabhakar Reddy is an Indian politician who won in 2014 a by - election held for the Medak ( Lok Sabha constituency ) being Telangana Rashtra Samithi candidate .
Enrico Gennari ( born 1977 - 01 - 21 ) is a marine biologist who specialises in the study of the great white shark .
Horace Griggs Prall ( March 6 , 1881 -- April 23 , 1951 ) was a New Jersey attorney and Republican politician .
Sumitra Patir is an Indian politician who is the member of Assam Legislative Assembly from Dhemaji Assembly constituency ( no 113 ) in Dhemaji district , as of 2013.She is currently Minister of State(Independent Charge ) .
Raimon Gaucelm de Bezers ( fl . 1262 - -1275 ) was a Languedocian troubadour with nine surviving works .
Dirk Bolt ( born 1930 ) is a Dutch - born architect who is best known for his post - Second World War Australian modernist architecture and his later career as an academic and consultant that applied sustainable , equitable and humane principles to town planning .
Daniela Schiller ( born October 26 , 1972 in Israel ) is a neuroscientist who leads the Schiller Lab for Affective Neuroscience at the Mount Sinai School of Medicine .
Stavros Xarchakos ( Greek : Σταύρος Ξαρχάκος , ( ˈstavros ksarˈxakos ) , born March 14 , 1939 ) is a Greek composer and conductor .
Saf ibn Sayyad ( Arabic : الصف بن الصياد‎ ) , later known as Abdullah ibn Sa'id ( Arabic : عبد الله بن سعيد‎ ) , was an alleged claimant of prophethood during the time of Islamic prophet Muhammad and his companions .
Roy Best was an American illustrator and painter of pin - up girls .
Jeannine Compton - Antoine is a Saint Lucian politician who represented the Micoud North constituency in the House of Assembly from 2007 to 2011 .
Sonia López ( January 11 , 1946 - - ) is a Mexican singer , popular in the 1960s for her tropical hits .
Oralgaisha Omarshanova ( Kazakh : Оралғайша Омаршанова ) ( 1968-went missing late March 2007 ) was a Kazakh journalist .
Philip Handler ( August 13 , 1917 -- December 29 , 1981 ) was an American nutritionist , and biochemist .
Barry Moss ( April 25 , 1940 -- June 17 , 2014 ) was an American casting director of theatre , film and television and former child actor .
Jacquie Armstrong ( born March 19 , 1976 in Penticton , British Columbia ) is a Canadian curler from Vancouver , British Columbia , Canada .
Jim Neilly is a BBC broadcaster and sports commentator from Northern Ireland .
Amy Weiss is a rabbi and authority in teen sexuality education within Jewish thought and tradition .
Arthur Storch ( June 29 , 1925 -- March 5 , 2013 ) was an American actor and Broadway director .
James N. Gabriel ( February 26 , 1923 -- November 26 , 1991 ) was an American attorney and judge who served as the United States Attorney for the District of Massachusetts from 1971 to 1972 and again from 1973 to 1977 .
Valerie Stessin is the first woman to be ordained as a Conservative rabbi in Israel , as well as the first woman to be ordained by the Schechter Institute of Jewish Studies ; she was ordained in 1993 .
Lucius Coelius Antipater was a Roman jurist and historian .
Burt Ward ( born July 6 , 1945 ) is an American television actor and activist .
Ross Hussey is a unionist politician in Northern Ireland .
Richard Hayman ( March 27 , 1920 -- February 5 , 2014 ) was an American arranger , harmonica player and conductor .
Herb Tam ( traditional Chinese : 譚海俊 ; simplified Chinese : 谭海俊 ; Jyutping : Taam4 Hoi2zeon3 ; born in Hong Kong ) is the curator and director of exhibitions at the Museum of Chinese in America in New York City .
John Caziel ( February 7 , 1966 -- July 8 , 1995 ) was an American singer and bass guitarist .
Aleksandar Bačko is writer , journalist and genealogist from Belgrade , Serbia .
Antonio Carmine Di Bartolomeo ( born 24 August 1964 , Slough , Berkshire , England ) is an English singer performing under the stage name Tony Di Bart .
In August 463 BC , Ephialtes represented those who wished to refuse Sparta 's request for military assistance in putting down a helot revolt .
Gaspar Aquino de Belén was a Filipino poet and translator of the 17th century , known for authoring a 1704 rendition of the Pasyon : a famous poetic narrative of the passion , death and resurrection of Jesus , which has circulated in many versions .
LaFayette Emmett ( May 8 , 1822 -- August 10 , 1905 ) was an American lawyer and an early leader in Minnesota law .
Fernando Contreras Castro , is a Costa Rican writer who was born in the province of Alajuela , on January 4 , 1963 .
Hon . William Grafton Delaney Worthington IV ( 1785 - -1856 ) was an American lawyer , judge and state Governor , and Secretary of the Territory of East Florida .
George W. F. Cook ( May 20 , 1919 -- September 26 , 2009 ) was a Vermont attorney and politician who served as President of the Vermont State Senate and United States Attorney for the District of Vermont .
Pierre - Etienne Moitte ( 1722 -- 1780 ) was a French painter - engraver .
Aruna Miller ( born November 6 , 1964 ) is an Indian - born American politician and a member of the Maryland House of Delegates representing District 15 in Montgomery County , Maryland .
Roger Kleier ( born 1958 , Glendale , California ) is an American composer , guitarist , improviser and producer .
Todd Doldersum is a Canadian voice actor , puppeteer , and comedian .
Richard Snowden Andrews ( October 29 , 1830 -- January 5 , 1903 ) was an American architect and a Confederate artillery commander and diplomat during the American Civil War .
Scott Cao ( pronounced Chow ) is a violin maker ( luthier ) , who is originally from China but now works in Campbell , California , USA .
The Labour politician Philip Snowden said of Cox : `` There has been no member of the House of Commons in my time quite like Mr. Harold Cox .
Ruth Rogers , Lady Rogers MBE ( born 1948 ) is an American - born British chef who owns and runs the Michelin starred Italian restaurant The River Café in Hammersmith , London .
Martin Kornmesser is a graphic designer working at the ESA / NASA Hubble European Space Agency Information Centre ( HEIC ) in Munich / Garching .
Olga Ilich ( born 1950 or 1951 ) is Canadian politician , who represented the riding of Richmond Centre in the Legislative Assembly of British Columbia from 2005 to 2009 .
Richard Boleslavsky or Richard Boleslawski ( February 4 , 1889 -- January 17 , 1937 ) was a Polish theatre and film director , actor and teacher of acting .
Brenda LaGrange Johnson is an American businesswoman and diplomat who has served in numerous positions .
Tammy Lynn Leppert ( born February 5 , 1965 ) is an American former child and teen model , actress and beauty queen who has been missing since July 6 , 1983 , vanishing at the age of 18 .
Glenn Monroig ( born April 22 , 1957 ) , is a composer , guitarist , and singer of various types of music styles , such as salsa , boleros and rumba .
Harland Epps is an astronomer , known for designing effective optics for multiple telescopes around the world .
Tony Angell is an American wildlife artist and writer .
Vytautas Vičiulis ( October 16 , 1951 in the Skuodas district -- March 3 , 1989 in Klaipėda ) was a Lithuanian painter and antiques restorer , better known for his self - immolation for political reasons .
Daria Strokous ( born 25 September 1990 ) is a Russian model , film actress , and photographer .
Fortunato Gatti ( active early 17th century ) was an Italian painter active near Parma and Modena .
Aldona Margenytė is a retired Lithuanian rower who won two European titles in the eights event in 1963 and 1965 .
Fr . Liam Lawton is an award winning multi platinum , Irish , singer - songwriter and Roman Catholic priest .
Originally constructed in 1939 , the renovated art deco gem features an exhibit of the life and accomplishments of singer / songwriter Don Gibson , an intimate 400-seat music hall , and adjoining function space that can accommodate up to 275 people .
Fraser McKenzie ( born 1988 ) is a Scottish professional rugby union player , who plays for Edinburgh in the Pro 12 .
Mohammed Qalamuddin ( Arabic : محمد قلمُ الدين‎ ) , an Afghan politician , served under the Taliban regime as deputy head of the Vice and Virtue Ministry .
Abate Filippo Titi was an Italian Roman Catholic Protonotary apostolic , and an art historian , best known for his inventory of the artistic content of churches in Rome , titled Studio di Pittura scoltura et architettura nelle Chiese di Roma , published by Mancini in 1674
Dirk Terrell ( born August 14 , 1965 ) is an American astronomer and space artist who is the manager of the Astronomy and Computer Systems section in the Department of Space Studies of the Space Science and Engineering division of the Southwest Research Institute .
Hafez Nazeri ( Persian : حافظ ناظری‎‎ ) ( Central Kurdish : حافز نازری ) is an Iranian composer of Kurdish descent .
Bobbie Jean Brown ( born October 7 , 1969 ) , sometimes credited as Bobbie Brown - Lane , is an American actress , model and former beauty pageant contestant .
Mahdi Bemani Naeini ( also spelt Mehdi Bemani , Mehdi Bemani Naeini , Persian : مهدی بمانی نائینی ‎‎ , born November 3 , 1968 ) is an Iranian film director , cinematographer , TV news producer and photographer .
David Toussaint ( born April 23 , 1964 ) is an American writer , commentator , theater critic and playwright .
George R. Milner , Ph.D. , is an archaeologist in the Department of Anthropology at The Pennsylvania State University .
Gary McSpadden ( born January 26 , 1943 ) is an American pastor , singer , songwriter , producer , television host and motivational speaker .
Edwin H. Knopf ( November 11 , 1899 -- December 27 , 1981 ) was an American film producer , film director , and screenwriter .
Glenn Taranto ( born January 27 , 1959 ) is an American actor and screenwriter , perhaps best known for his role as Gomez on The New Addams Family .
José Santos Chocano Gastañodi ( May 14 , 1875 -- December 13 , 1934 ) was a Peruvian poet and political activist , whose work was widely praised across Europe and Latin America .
Angélique Kpasseloko Hinto Hounsinou Kandjo Manta Zogbin Kidjo , known as Angélique Kidjo ( born July 14 , 1960 ) , is a Beninese - born American Grammy Award winning singer - songwriter and activist , noted for her diverse musical influences and creative music videos .
Matthew Buckley is a British actor , best known for playing Martin Miller in the BBC school drama Grange Hill from 2001 to 2007 .
Cheryl Keeton ( October 27 , 1949 -- September 21 , 1986 ) was a Portland , Oregon lawyer who was found dead inside her Toyota van on the Sunset Highway ( Oregon ) by a passing motorist .
Søren Absalon Larsen ( Apr 5 , 1871 -- Jan 2 , 1957 ) was a Danish physicist who worked in the field of electroacoustics and is best known for giving his name to the Larsen effect .
Kevin Michael Richardson ( born October 25 , 1964 ) is an American voice actor who has portrayed a multitude of characters in various animated series and video games .
Ira Glick is an American psychiatrist known for his research into the psychopathology and treatment of schizophrenia .
Abdulrahman Ben Yezza ( Arabic : عبد الرحمن عبدالله بن يزة‎ ) is a Libyan businessman and politician who is the Oil Minister in the government of Abdurrahim El - Keib .
Wilfred E. Mansur ( 1855 - -1921 ) was the most prominent architect in late 19th and early 20th Century Bangor , Maine .
Ryan Bater is a Canadian politician , currently a member of city council in North Battleford , Saskatchewan .
Geoff Johns ( born January 25 , 1973 ) is an American comic book and television writer , film and television producer .
Yo Zushi is a British - Japanese singer - songwriter , who rose to prominence in the UK freak folk scene with two albums released on London 's Pointy Records .
Albert Ayler ( /ˈeɪlər/ ; July 13 , 1936 -- November 25 , 1970 ) was an American avant - garde jazz saxophonist , singer and composer .
John Abyn ( by 1523 - 58/59 ) , of Salisbury , Wiltshire , was an English politician .
Born in Kongpo , located in southeastern Tibet , Dagpo Rinpoche was recognized by the Thirteenth Dalai Lama as the reincarnation of Dagpo Lama Jampel Lhundrup when he was only two years old .
Romeu Tuma ( October 4 , 1931 -- October 26 , 2010 ) was a Brazilian politician and a former director of the Federal Police .
Kenneth C. Coby ( born 1985 ) , better known as his stage name Soundz is an American record producer and rapper from Milwaukee , Wisconsin signed to US Records and EMI Publishing .
Ignaz Paul Vital Troxler ( August 17 , 1780 -- March 6 , 1866 ) was a Swiss physician , politician , and philosopher .
Sujata Koirala ( Nepali : सुजाता कोइराला ) is a Nepalese politician and the only daughter of former Prime Minister Girija Prasad Koirala .
Lynn Johnston ( sometimes credited as Lynn Johnson ) is a make - up artist .
Nina Wilcox Putnam ( November 28 , 1888 -- March 8 , 1962 ) was an American novelist , screenwriter and playwright .
Amelia Jenae Leles ( born January 28 , 1987 , in Sacramento , California ) is an American softball player .
Charles Roven ( born August 2 , 1949 ) is an American film producer , president and co - founder of Atlas Entertainment .
Ruth Harriet Louise ( born Ruth Goldstein ) ( January 13 , 1903 -- October 12 , 1940 ) was an American professional photographer , the first woman photographer active in Hollywood ; she ran Metro - Goldwyn - Mayer 's portrait studio from 1925 to 1930 .
Reid Ryan ( born April 21 , 1971 ) is an American baseball executive and former college baseball and professional baseball player .
Walter Randall was a British dancer turned actor with numerous roles in British television , including parts in The Saint , Out of This World , Yes Minister , The Professionals and Dixon of Dock Green .
Mary Milne is an award - winning singer - songwriter from Bancroft and Toronto , Ontario .
Koby Abberton ( born ca 1979 in Maroubra , New South Wales ) , an Australian former professional surfer , is a member of the Australian surf gang , the Bra Boys .
Ros Wynne - Jones is a journalist and author who has had articles published in The Guardian and The Mirror amongst others , and is currently Senior Feature Writer for the Daily Mirror .
Werner Daehn ( born 1965 ) is a German actor with an international reputation , who has worked with Vin Diesel and Samuel L. Jackson in xXx , with Jason Priestley in Colditz an ITV1 2005 miniseries , with Bill Pullman in Revelations and with Steven Seagal in Shadow Man .
Marshall Warren Nirenberg ( April 10 , 1927 -- January 15 , 2010 ) was an American biochemist and geneticist .
Vangelis Rinas is a Greek painter and sculptor having his roots in the Northeastern Aegean Sea .
Brigette Feltus , more commonly known as Brig Feltus , is an American rock singer .
Ellen Thesleff ( 1869 - 1954 ) was an expressionist Finnish painter , regarded as one of the leading Finnish modernist painters .
Harry A. DeMaso ( February 24 , 1921 -- January 9 , 2015 ) was an American politician who was a Michigan Republican State Senator from the 20th Michigan District , which comprised the counties of Calhoun and Eaton , and one township in Ingham ( Delhi Township ) .
Taiguara Chalar da Silva ( Montevideo , October 9 , 1945 -- São Paulo , February 14 , 1996 ) , whose stage name was Taiguara , was a Brazilian singer and songwriter .
Baron Schwartz is an American software engineer most notable for his contributions to the MySQL database .
Sherif Farrag is an Egyptian - American fencer .
John Twist ( July 14 , 1898 -- February 11 , 1976 ) was an American screenwriter whose career spanned four decades .
Rich Good ( born June 17 , 1974 in Crawley , West Sussex ) is a British musician and recording artist currently residing in Nevada City , California .
Neville Buchanan ( born October 17 , 1959 ) is a stop motion animator and director based in England .
Mario Castellani ( July 2 , 1906 -- April 26 , 1978 ) was an Italian comic actor , best known as the sidekick of famous comic actor Antonio De Curtis ( Totò ) .
Mainak Bhaumik is a Bengali film director and editor .
The Niobid Painter was an ancient Athenian vase painter in the red figure style who was active from approximately 470 to 450 BC . He is named after a calyx krater which shows the god Apollo and his sister Artemis killing the children of Niobe who were collectively called the Niobids .
Pete Huttlinger ( June 22 , 1961 -- January 15 , 2016 ) was an American guitarist .
Percy Samaraweera was a Sri Lankan politician who belonged to the United National Party .
Kelvin Yu ( born 1979 ) is a Taiwanese American actor who began his television and film career with a recurring role as Freddy Gong on the WB series Popular .
Julie Crysler is a Canadian journalist and a published poet .
Phillip P. Keene ( born September 5 , 1966 ) is an actor .
Wallace Arthur is a zoologist specialising in evolutionary developmental biology .
Per Brinch Hansen ( November 13 , 1938 -- July 31 , 2007 ) was a Danish - American computer scientist known for his work in operating systems , concurrent programming and parallel and distributed computing .
James Millican ( 1911 - -1955 ) was an American actor with over 200 film appearances mostly in western movies .
Lothar Malskat ( May 3 , 1913 -- February 10 , 1988 ) was a German painter and art restorer who repainted medieval frescoes of Marienkirche in Lübeck .
Giacomo da Lentini , also known as Jacopo ( il ) Notaro , was an Italian poet of the 13th century .
Steve Rash is an American film director and producer best known for directing such films as The Buddy Holly Story , Ca n't Buy Me Love , Queens Logic , Bring It On :
Lawrence Webb is an academic administrator and politician from Falls Church , Virginia .
Celestino Caballero ( born June 21 , 1976 ) is a Panamanian former professional boxer who held the unified IBF and WBA super bantamweight titles , as well as the WBA featherweight title .
Simon Goody is a Great Britain Olympic windsurfer from the 1988 Seoul Olympics .
Dick Purcell ( August 6 , 1908 -- April 10 , 1944 ) was an American actor best known for playing Marvel Comics ' Captain America in the 1943 film serial , co - starring with Lorna Gray and Lionel Atwill .
Avery Gilbert is a self - described `` smell scientist '' and `` sensory psychologist '' .
Rico Yan ( /jæn/ ; born Ricardo Carlos Castro Yan ; March 14 , 1975 -- March 29 , 2002 ) was a Filipino matinee idol , model , film and television actor , host , spokesperson and entrepreneur .
Alfred von Domaszewski ( October 30 , 1856 -- March 25 , 1927 ) was an Austrian historian born in Timişoara in the Habsburg Monarchy .
John Storyk ( born May 10 , 1946 ) , a registered architect and acoustician , is a founding partner ( with wife and business partner Beth Walters ) of Walters - Storyk Design Group .
Miłosz Horodyski ( born 1974 in Kraków ) is an artist , painter , a Polish film director and television director , film producer , an academic teacher and journalist .
Memphis Pal Moore was an American boxer from Memphis .
Karl Spiro ( June 24 , 1867 - March 21 , 1932 ) was a German biologist , and physical chemist .
Lazare Picault ( fl . mid-18th century ) was a French explorer known for his exploration of islands in the Seychelles .
Helena Olsson is a former professional tennis player from Sweden who won the 1983 French Open girls ' doubles championship with Carin Anderholm and played on the WTA tour .
Barry Boom ( born Paul Robinson ) is a reggae singer and record producer from London .
Luca Fanfoni ( born Parma 1964 ) , is an Italian violinist .
Kelly Robertson ( born c. 1956 ) is a Canadian curler and grain and cattle farmer from Neepawa , Manitoba .
Paul Schoenfield ( born 1947 ) is a classical composer .
Pedram Khosronejad ( Persian : پدرام خسرونژاد‎‎ ; born 1969 Tehran , Iran ) is a socio - cultural and visual anthropologist of contemporary Iran .
Arafat Salahuddin ( born March 1 , 1984 in Mymensingh ) is a first class cricketer who has played 30 first class and 22 list A one day matches for Barisal Division up to the end of the 2006/7 season .
Kay Lahusen ( born January 5 , 1930 ) , also known as Kay Tobin Lahusen or Kay Tobin , is the first openly gay American woman photojournalist .
Ammar Borančić is president of Youth Liberal of Montenegro , and spokesperson of Liberal party of Montenegro .
Paul Dunlap ( July 19 , 1919 -- March 11 , 2010 ) was American composer .
Cal Murphy ( March 12 , 1932 -- February 18 , 2012 ) was a Canadian football coach , general manager and scout , most notably for the Winnipeg Blue Bombers of the Canadian Football League .
Jeff Shesol is an American historian , speechwriter , and comic strip author .
Dominik Koll ( born December 24 , 1984 ) is an Austrian former swimmer , who specialized in freestyle events .
Gerald Imber is an American plastic surgeon , specializing in minimally invasive cosmetic surgery techniques to combat aging .
Alyona Osmanova ( Russian : Алёна Османова ; Ukrainian : Альона Османова ; born March 31 , 1988 ) is a Ukrainian model .
Kolë Idromeno ( 1860 - -1939 ) was an Albanian painter , sculptor , photographer , architect and engineer .
I m Chang - jung ( born November 30 , 1973 ) is a South Korean actor and singer .
Daisy McCrackin ( born November 12 , 1981 in San Francisco , California ) is an American actress and singer - songwriter .
Catholicos Aram I was ordained as a celibate priest in 1968 and obtained the title of Vartabed ( Doctor of the Armenian Church ) in 1970 .
Sarah Vogel is a North Dakota politician and lawyer who served as the North Dakota Commissioner of Agriculture from 1989 to 1997 .
Aishwarya Sakhuja is an Indian model turned actress .
Anthony Earl Numkena , formerly known as Keena Nomkeena ( born August 20 , 1942 ) is a Hopi / Karok Indian who was a child actor from 1949 - 1958 .
Drew Deezy is a Samoan American rapper from San Jose , California .
Victor Andreevich Toponogov ( Russian : Ви́ктор Андре́евич Топоно́гов ; March 6 , 1930 -- November 21 , 2004 ) was a Russian mathematician , noted for his contributions to differential geometry and so - called Riemannian geometry `` in the large '' .
Lindell Holmes ( born April 4 , 1957 in Toledo , OH ) is a retired American boxer who in 1990 - 91 held the IBF super - middleweight title .
Edmund Williams was an American politician from New Jersey , who served on the Monmouth County , New Jersey Board of Justices and Freeholders .
Mike Wainwright born on 15 December 1975 in Warrington , Cheshire , England is a rugby league player for Swinton Lions in National League Two .
Anna Davlantes is an American journalist who most recently hosted Good Day Chicago on WFLD FOX-32 Chicago .
Toni Kalem ( born August 29 , 1951 ) is an American actress , screenwriter and director .
Ahmed Farah Dualeh ( Somali : Axmed Faarax Ducaale , Arabic : أحمد فرح دعاله‎ ) is a Somali - Danish community worker and politician .
Moultrie Patten ( June 10 , 1919 -- March 18 , 2009 ) was an American actor and jazz musician .
Pierre - Luc Dusseault ( born May 31 , 1991 ) is a Canadian politician who was elected to the Canadian House of Commons in the 2011 federal election at the age of 19 , becoming the youngest Member of Parliament in the country 's history .
Serena Mackesy ( born c. 1960s ) is a British novelist and journalist who lives in London .
Douglas Dedge ( June 18 , 1966 -- March 18 , 1998 ) was an American mixed martial artist who was the first known American competitor to be fatally injured in an MMA fight and the first death in the modern era of professional MMA .
Jimmy Akingbola is a British television , theatre and film actor .
Abram Lincoln Harris , Jr. ( January 17 , 1899 -- November 6 , 1963 ) was an American economist , academic , anthropologist and a social critic of blacks in the United States .
Alberto Melloni ( born 1959 ) is a church historian known especially for his work on the Second Vatican Council .
Katerina Maleeva ( Bulgarian : Катерина Малеева ) ( born 7 May 1969 ) is a former top 10 Bulgarian tennis player .
Muhammad Abdul Latif Biswas ( born 11 January 1953 ) is a Bangladeshi politician , diplomat , and freedom fighter .
Ikram Yakubov is a former intelligence officer of Uzbekistan , in the SNB , who defected to the United Kingdom in 2009 .
Ahmed Abdelkefi ( born on 1 March 1941 ) is a Tunisian economist and businessman .
Naomi Judd ( born Diana Ellen Judd ; January 11 , 1946 ) is an American country music singer , songwriter , and activist .
Bahram Shirdel is an Iranian architect internationally known as one of the most influential architects dealing with interdisciplinary field of architecture & science & also Fold / Folding Architecture .
Mirosław Obłoński ( born July 17 , 1938 in Warsaw ) ( `` Miki '' ) is a Polish writer , poet , singer , and artist associated with the Piwnica pod Baranami cabaret .
Nikki Franke ( born March 31 , 1951 ) is an American fencer and fencing coach .
Amy Goldstein is an American director , producer and screenwriter of music videos , television series ( HBO , Fox , CBS , Showtime , MTV ) , and feature films .
Andriy Verevskyi ( Ukrainian : Андрій Веревський ) ( born July 25 , 1974 ) is a Ukrainian entrepreneur , founder and chairman of the board of Kernel , a Ukrainian diversified agri company .
Antônio Rodrigo Nogueira ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( ɐ̃ˈtoniu ʁoˈdɾiɡu noˈɡejɾɐ ) born June 2 , 1976 ) , better known as Minotauro or Rodrigo Minotauro , is a retired Brazilian mixed martial artist known for his technical mastery of Brazilian Jiu - Jitsu .
Curtis Sironen is an Australian professional rugby league player who currently plays for the Wests Tigers in the Australian NRL competition .
Liviu Marinescu ( born February 12 , 1970 , in Bucharest ) is a Romanian composer of orchestral and chamber music , currently teaching at California State University , Northridge .
Thomas Leo McCarey ( October 3 , 1898 -- July 5 , 1969 ) was a three - time Academy Award winning American film director , screenwriter and producer .
Jimmie Dale Gilmore ( born May 6 , 1945 ) is an American country singer , songwriter , actor , recording artist and producer , currently living in Austin , Texas .
Hussain Imam was a prominent politician of Bihar .
Derrell Dixon ( born October 31 , 1970 in Portland , OR ) was a US American Heavyweight boxer .
Fred Tobias is an American songwriter , who was most prominent in the 1950s , 1960s and 1970s .
Andreas Melbostad is a Norwegian fashion designer who was the creative director for the label Phi before its closure in December of 2009 .
John Rodney Mullen ( born August 17 , 1966 ) is an American professional skateboarder , entrepreneur , inventor , and public speaker who practices freestyle and street skateboarding .
Sayanora Philip ( born March 1 , 1984 ) is a playback singer in Malayalam and Tamil films .
C. J. Tozzo ( born May 3 , 1985 ) is a retired American professional ice hockey player who last played with the Louisiana IceGators in the Southern Professional Hockey League during the 2010 - 11 season .
Spencer M. Di Scala is an American historian who specializes in the history of modern Europe , particularly the history of Italian socialism .
Michael Roemer ( born January 1 , 1928 ) is a film director , producer and writer .
Cody Jamieson ( born July 17 , 1987 in Six Nations , Ontario ) is an Iroquois lacrosse player who plays for the Rochester Knighthawks of the National Lacrosse League , the Hamilton Nationals of Major League Lacrosse , and the Six Nations Chiefs in Major Series Lacrosse .
Tracey Kelusky ( born September 9 , 1975 ) is a Canadian retired lacrosse player who played for the Columbus Landsharks , Montreal Express , Calgary Roughnecks , Buffalo Bandits and Philadelphia Wings .
Kim C ( Korean : 김C , born November 15 , 1971 ) is a South Korean singer from Hot Potato and an entertainer .
Samar Guha ( Bengali : সমর গুহ ) was a noted Indian politician , and an Indian independence movement activist .
Mykel Shannon Jenkins ( born July 3 , 1969 ) is an American actor , perhaps best known as the winner of the first season of the SOAPnet reality television series I Wanna Be a Soap Star .
Seth Baczynski ( born October 26 , 1981 ) is an American mixed martial artist who formerly competed in the Welterweight of the Ultimate Fighting Championship .
Bob Enyart is an American talk radio host , author , and pastor of Denver Bible Church .
Robert Lee Moore ( November 14 , 1882 -- October 4 , 1974 ) was an American mathematician , known for his work in general topology and the Moore method of teaching university mathematics .
Aristos Doxiadis or Doksiadis ( Greek : Αρίστος Δοξιάδης ) ( b. 1951 ) is a Greek economist .
Alvaro de Molina ( born July 13 , 1957 ) was the chief financial officer of Bank of America Corporation .
William Addams Reitwiesner ( March 8 , 1954 -- November 12 , 2010 ) was an American genealogist who traced the ancestry of United States political figures , European royalty and celebrities .
Oscar Strasnoy ( born November 12 , 1970 ) is a French - Argentine composer , conductor and pianist .
Pannalal Bose was an eminent jurist and a judge who delivered famous `` Bhawal 's Case '' which rocked the Privy Council by storm setting aside the Full Bench Judgment of the Calcutta High Court .
Grace Kelley ( born 1894 , date of death missing ) was an American politician in the state of Washington .
Seth Appert ( born August 9 , 1974 ) is an American ice hockey coach and former college ice hockey player .
William Armstrong Percy III ( born December 10 , 1933 ) is an American professor , historian , encyclopedist , and gay activist and pederasty rights advocate .
James M. Birney ( June 17 , 1817 -- May 8 , 1888 ) was an American lawyer , newspaper publisher and politician from the U.S. state of Michigan .
Kue King ( born Ronald Sunga Reyes ; January 17 , 1981 ) is a Filipino American sculptor .
Stanley Ross was a moniker used by American indie songwriter Nicholas Meiers based in Chicago , Illinois .
Kashif Mehmood ( Urdu : کاشف محمود‎ ) is a Pakistani actor .
Dorake Witharanage Ashana Niroshan Dilshan Vitharana , ( born May 13 , 1978 in Kandy ) , but more commonly known as Dilshan Vitharana , is a Sri Lankan cricketer .
Michael Schearer ( born November 28 , 1975 ) is an American computer security researcher and writer who is known for his research and presentations on the technology of improvised explosive devices , wireless security , cryptography , privacy , and related legal issues .
Fred Harman ( February 9 , 1902 - January 2 , 1982 ) was an American artist , best known for his popular Red Ryder comic strip , which he drew for 25 years , reaching 40 million readers through 750 newspapers .
V. James Bamford ( born September 15 , 1946 ) is an American bestselling author and journalist noted for his writing about United States intelligence agencies , especially the National Security Agency ( NSA ) .
Rico Saccani ( born April 16 , 1952 ) is an Italian conductor who served as Music Director / Artistic Adviser of the Budapest Philharmonic Orchestra between 1996 and 2005 and was principal guest conductor of the Hungarian State Opera from 1985 to 2005 .
Antidotus was an ancient Greek painter , mentioned by Pliny the Elder in his Natural History
Owen O'Neill is a Northern Irish writer , actor , director , and comedian .
Juan Arricivita was a Catholic missionary .
Pierre Lafleur ( born February 13 , 1939 ) is a former French Canadian professional wrestler who is best known for his appearances with the World Wide Wrestling Federation under the ring name Lumberjack Pierre where he was the half of The Yukon Lumberjacks .
Randa Habib is a French journalist of Lebanese origin , who as director of the Amman , Jordan , bureau of Agence France - Presse ( AFP ) , one of the three global news agencies , since 1987 , has spent 25 years covering war , politics and economic development in the Middle East .
Leslie MacDougall ( born Leslie Allan , April 29 , 1970 in Lachine , Quebec ) is a Canadian curler from Cornwall , Prince Edward Island .
Jin Li ( Chinese : 金力 ; pinyin : Jin Li ; born 1963 ) is a Chinese geneticist and the vice - president of Fudan University .
Stan Malinowski ( born Stanley Edward Malinowski , Jr. on November 2 , 1936 in Chicago , Illinois ) is an American photographer known for his fashion photography .
John Elton Coon ( August 10 , 1907 -- March 9 , 1993 ) was a Democratic politician from Monroe , Louisiana , who served from 1948 to 1949 in the Louisiana House of Representatives and from 1949 to 1956 as the mayor of Monroe .
Ewald Heer ( July 28 , 1930 ) is an aerospace engineer , author and professor who has worked on robotics , artificial intelligence ( AI ) , and large space structures .
Laurel Hausler is a contemporary oil painter and sculptor with a cult following .
Burcu Güneş ( Turkish pronunciation : ( buɾˈdʒu ɟyˈneʃ ) ; born August 12th , 1975 , İzmir ) is a Turkish singer .
Hossein Rahnama ( born 1980 ) is an academic entrepreneur and an innovator .
Daniel Bonevac is an American philosopher born in Pittsburgh .
George Aubourne Clarke was a Scottish meteorologist , best known for his photographs of cloud types .
The Pisticci Painter was a vase painter who lived in the second half of the 5th century B.C. Many of his artistic works were discovered in Pisticci , a small town a few kilometers from Metaponto , Basilicata , Italy .
Graham Knuttel is an Irish painter and sculptor , whose work has been collected by various celebrities , such as Sylvester Stallone , Robert De Niro , Frank Sinatra , Eddie Jordan and Michael Stipe .
Reem Al Marzouqi ( Arabic : ريم المرزوقي‎ ) is an Emirati engineer and the first citizen of the UAE to be granted a patent in the United States of America for designing a car that can be driven without hands .
Moris Tepper , sometimes credited as Jeff Moris Tepper , is an American singer - songwriter , guitarist and artist .
Magda Umer ( /ˈʊmɛr/ ; born Małgorzata Magda Umer , October 9 , 1949 ) is a Polish singer and performer of sung poetry , journalist , author , film director , screenwriter , actress , and author of recitals .
Although he started as a writer of poetry he soon began to publish stories , from 1943 under the adopted name Orhan Kemal .
Jerry Blackwell ( April 26 , 1949 -- January 22 , 1995 ) was an American professional wrestler , better known by his ring name `` Crusher '' Jerry Blackwell .
Vamsi Krishna is an Indian film actor who has appeared in Telugu and Tamil language films .
Mickaël Bethe - Selassié ( born 1951 ) is an Ethiopian sculptor known for his work in papier mâché .
Immanuel Vasanth Dinakaran , better known as D. Imman , is an Indian film composer and singer , predominantly working in the Tamil film industry .
David Howard Harrison ( June 1 , 1843 -- September 8 , 1905 ) was a politician , farmer and physician .
Narendra Rocherolle is an American entrepreneur , designer , and software engineer .
Annette Auguste ( also known as Sò Anne or Sò Ann , born 1940/1941 ) is a Haitian folk singer and activist .
Robert Emmet Hayes ( born February 11 , 1951 in Brockton , Massachusetts ) is an American lobbyist and politician who represented the 7th Plymouth District in the Massachusetts House of Representatives from 1983 to 1991 .
George B. Reed ( November 9 , 1807 -- January 10 , 1883 ) was an American politician and lawyer , prominent in the early history of Wisconsin .
Rabbi Bezalel Rakow ( May 15 , 1927 -- July 20 , 2003 ) was an orthodox rabbi who headed Gateshead 's Jewish community .
Tushar Kalia is an Indian dancer and dance instructor , specializing in Mayur Bhanj Chhau , Kalari and Contemporary dance .
Ion Th . Simionescu ( born Ion Gheorghiu ; July 10 , 1873 - -January 7 , 1944 ) was a Romanian geologist , paleontologist and naturalist .
Johan Vaaler ( March 15 , 1866 -- March 14 , 1910 ) was a Norwegian inventor and patent clerk , from 1892 office manager of Bryns Patentkontor in Kristiania .
Abdul Majeed Bhat Laram popularly Known as Majeed Larm is a Kashmiri politician social worker and businessman and one of the state 's most prominent politician .
Ray Barretto ( April 29 , 1929 -- February 17 , 2006 ) was an American Grammy Award - winning Latin / Latin jazz musician of Puerto Rican ancestry .
Alain de Lille ( or Alanus ab Insulis ) ( c. 1128 -- 1202/1203 ) was a French theologian and poet .
Benjamin Edward Johnson ( October 28 , 1914 -- June 8 , 1983 ) , known as B. Ed Johnson , was a businessman , broadcaster and politician in the U.S. state of Georgia .
Cathy Jordan is a singer , songwriter , and multi - instrumentalist .
Ken Ghosh is an Indian Hindi film director and screen writer .
Janet Finch - Saunders is a Conservative Party politician and Assembly Member for Aberconwy in the National Assembly for Wales after the May 2011 election .
James E. Muller , M.D. is an American cardiologist and medical device executive .
Morpurgo was involved in the development of the Children 's Laureate role : `` The idea for the Children 's Laureate originated from a conversation between ( the then ) Poet Laureate Ted Hughes and children 's writer Michael Morpurgo . ''
Bill Mondy , sometimes credited as Bill Monday , is an American film and television actor .
Roger Olmos Pastor is a Spanish illustrator .
Anita Hoffman ( March 16 , 1942 -- December 27 , 1998 ) , born Anita Kushner , and was a Yippie activist , writer , prankster , and the wife of Abbie Hoffman .
Buddy Pepper ( April 21 , 1922 -- February 7 , 1993 ) was an American composer , arranger and actor working mostly in the motion picture industry .
Virginia Murphy Blankenbaker ( born March 29 , 1933 ) was an American politician and educator .
Erland Harold Hedrick , better known as E. H. Hedrick ( August 9 , 1894 -- September 20 , 1954 ) was an American Democratic politician from West Virginia .
Andrea Bruschi ( born May 1 , 1968 ) is an Italian actor who has appeared in a number of comedy , action , and suspense films , and has also worked as a producer , director , and screenwriter .
Hatem Yassen is an Egyptian professional snooker player .
Karel Pergler , known also by Anglicized Charles Pergler ( Liblín , March 6 , 1882 -- Washington , D.C. , August 14 , 1954 ) was a Czech - American lawyer , journalist , diplomat and politician .
Melissa Myerscough ( pronounced Myersc / co ) , née Price ( born September 5 , 1979 ) is an American hammer thrower .
Andi Gutmans ( Hebrew : אנדי גוטמנס‎ ) is an Israeli programmer and entrepreneur .
Dimitri Shevardnadze ( Georgian : დიმიტრი შევარდნაძე ) ( December 1 , 1885 -- 1937 ) was a Georgian painter , art collector and intellectual purged during Joseph Stalin 's repressions .
Joanna Marie Pagaspas Webb , known as Pinky Webb ( born June 11 , 1970 ) is a Filipino broadcast journalist , best known as a news anchor at Philippine television channels ABS - CBN and ANC and the radio station DZMM .
Zauresh Baibussinova ( Kazakh : Зауреш Байбусинова ; born July 13 , 1970 in Almaty ) is a Kazakhstani sport shooter .
Jim Korthe ( June 26 , 1970 -- January 13 , 2010 ) was an American heavy metal musician and social worker .
Eku Edewor ( born Georgina Chloe Eku Edewor - Thorley ; 18 December ) is a British Nigerian actress , television presenter , and model .
Manuel Barbeyto ( March 20 , 1902 - October 26 , 1979 ) was a Filipino actor of early 1930s before the war struck in the City of Manila .
Vincent Tubbs was a leading African American journalist , who became the first black person to head a motion picture industry union .
Simon Svabic ( ) is a Serbian - British rugby league player .
Antonio Juez Nieto ( March 7 , 1893 -- September 25 , 1963 ) was a Flemish Art Nouveau painter , writer , illustrator active in Badajoz .
Pøbel ( East Norwegian pronunciation : ( pœːbeːɭ ) , meaning hooligan ) is a pseudonymous Norwegian street artist based in Stavanger .
The presence of the Reverend Mother Gaius Helen Mohiam , the Emperor 's Truthsayer , betrayed the importance of this audience .
Thomas Broberg is a senior engineer for Volvo in Gothenburg , Sweden , who is active in automobile safety .
Angel Robinson Garcia ( May 9 , 1937 -- June 1 , 2000 ) was a Cuban professional boxer , who was the Latin American Super - Featherweight champion .
Terry Milewski ( born 1949 or 1950 ) is a Canadian journalist , who is the senior correspondent for CBC News .
Satya Narayana Charka is a Kathak dancer , teacher , and choreographer .
Harold Cartwright ( born 12 May 1951 ) is a former English cricketer who played cricket for Derbyshire between 1971 and 1979 .
Bernd Spier ( born April 6 , 1944 ) is a German schlager singer and record producer .
Ieuan Deulwyn ( fl . c. 1460 ) was a Welsh language poet or bard .
Caroline Zoe Schumm ( Zoe ) ( born May 27 , 1988 ) is an American fashion designer and entrepreneur .
Jalile Jalil ( Kurdish : Celîlê Celîl‎ , 1936- ) , is a Yazidi historian , writer and Kurdologist .
Wahed Nazari ( born in Kabul , February 25 , 1953 ) is an Afghan film director .
Atul Kale is an actor , singer , musician and director .
Onaje Allan Gumbs ( born September 3 , 1949 ) is a New York - based pianist , composer , and bandleader .
Polly - Louisa Salmon ( born 1990 ) is a British pop singer known by her stage name GFOTY , an abbreviation of Girlfriend of the Year .
Alexandre Mihalesco ( 1883 - -1974 ) was a Romanian film actor who largely appeared in French productions .
Hughie Cannon was a composer and lyricist who was born in Detroit , Michigan 1877 and died in 1912 in Toledo , Ohio .
Gopala Ratnam Subramaniam ( born 2 June 1955 ) , commonly known by his screen name Mani Ratnam , is an Indian film director , screenwriter , and producer who predominantly works in Tamil cinema .
Mike Neu ( born December 29 , 1970 ) is the head coach of the Ball State Cardinals football team at Ball State University in Muncie , Indiana .
Wilbur Mitcham ( December 10 , 1923 - June 15 , 2003 ) was an internationally renowned southern chef from Macon , Georgia .
Austin Belknap ( July 18 , 1819 -- December 9 , 1902 ) was a Massachusetts businessman and politician who served as a member , and last Chairman , of the Board of Selectmen of Somerville , Massachusetts , and as the third Mayor , of Somerville .
Trent Bushey ( born June 23 , 1964 , different in Haverhill , Massachusetts ) is an American actor .
José Guadalupe Cervantes Corona ( May 24 , 1924 -- March 13 , 2013 ) was a Mexican politician and academic .
Ahwan Sebastian was a playwright , director , music director and actor in Malayalam .
Shock White ( dates of birth and death unknown ) was a noted English cricketer of the mid-18th century who played for Middlesex .
Rufus Choate ( October 1 , 1799 -- July 13 , 1859 ) was an American lawyer , orator , and Congressman .
Abdel Latif El Zein ( born November 23 , 1932 ) is a Lebanese politician , and has been serving as Member of Parliament since 1960 .
Percy Daniels ( September 17 , 1840 in Globe Village in Woonsocket , Rhode Island -- February 14 , 1916 in Girard , Kansas ) was an American soldier , businessman , civil engineer , surveyor , author and Populist politician .
Tutu Puoane is a South African Jazz singer .
Jarkko Martikainen ( born October 24 , 1970 in Greifswald , GDR ) is a Finnish singer , songwriter and member of the rock band YUP .
Following his retirement from football , Les Lear became involved in Thoroughbred horse racing both as a horse trainer and an owner .
Leonidas Chantzaras ( born on July 29 ) , better known by his artist name Freakchild ( also sometimes stylized as DaFreakchild ) is a Greek - German multi - gold and platinum songwriter , producer , publisher , A&R and former singer .
George Dweh is a Liberian politician and a member of the ethnic Krahn group operating in the LURD and the MODEL faction groups .
Hermione Way ( born in Devon , England ) is a new media journalist , Reality TV personality , and entrepreneur .
Nancy Moran ( born Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , United States ) is an American folk - rock singer - songwriter , based in Nashville , Tennessee .
Phil Tucker ( May 22 , 1927 -- November 30 , 1985 ) was an American film director , writer , producer , and Film editor .
Tom Hampton ( born July 25 , 1965 in Savannah , Tennessee ) is a multi - instrumentalist , sideman , session musician and singer / songwriter .
Alfred C. Converse ( March 17 , 1827 -- April 26 , 1915 ) was a Massachusetts businessman and politician who served as the eighteenth Mayor of Chelsea , Massachusetts .
Drew Halfmann ( born June 28 , 1967 ) is an American sociologist best known for his research on social policy in the United States .
Karin Kadenbach is an Austrian politician of the social democratic party .
Peter Lurye is a composer and lyricist .
Edward Knoblock ( born Edward Gustav Knoblauch ; April 7 , 1874 - July 19 , 1945 ) was an American - born British playwright and novelist most remembered for the often revived 1911 play , Kismet .
James Kabatha Kamande ( also Jimmy Kamande ) ( born December 12 , 1978 ) is a Kenyan cricketer .
Bob Walkenhorst is a Kansas City - based singer / songwriter / musician / painter .
Sarah Williams ( December 1837 --April 25 , 1868 ) was an English poet and novelist , most famous as the author of `` The Old Astronomer '' ( also known as `` The Old Astronomer to His Pupil '' ) .
Ottaviano da Faenza , an Italian painter of the 14th century , who was instructed by Giotto , spent the greater part of his life at Faenza , where he died .
Sue Jones - Davies ( born 1 January 1949 ) is a Welsh actress and singer , who appeared as Judith Iscariot in the 1979 film Monty Python 's Life of Brian .
Julianna Peña ( born August 19 , 1989 ) is an American mixed martial artist who competes in the Ultimate Fighting Championship .
Jonathan Curiel ( born July 10 , 1960 ) is an American journalist , in San Francisco .
Andrew S. Breidenbaugh is a librarian and director of the Tampa - Hillsborough County Public Library System .
James W. Cannon ( born January 30 , 1943 ) is an American mathematician working in the areas of low - dimensional topology and geometric group theory .
Horace McCoy ( April 14 , 1897 -- December 15 , 1955 ) was an American writer whose hardboiled novels took place during the Great Depression .
Anil Dharker is a columnist and writer .
Monica Dogra is an American singer and actress of Indian origin .
Eugene Guth ( August 21 , 1905 in Budapest , Hungary -- July 5 , 1990 ) was an American physicist who made contributions to polymer physics and to nuclear and solid state physics .
Ayelish McGarvey is a journalist covering the religious right .
Beate Schramm ( born June 21 , 1966 ) is a German rower and Olympic gold medalist .
Ira H. Abbott ( July 18 , 1906 -- November 3 , 1988 ) was an American aerospace engineer .
Lance Olsen ( born October 14 , 1956 ) is an American metamodern writer known for his experimental , lyrical , fragmentary , cross - genre narratives that question the limits of historical knowledge .
Zane Frazier ( born July 16 , 1966 ) is an American former karateka , kickboxer and mixed martial artist who competed in the heavyweight division .
Renatus Profuturus Frigeridus was a fifth - century historian .
Sir John Tarbat was a Ceylonese politician and sportsmen .
Ramsey Nijem ( born April 1 , 1988 ) is an American mixed martial artist who last competed in the lightweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship .
Henry Sargent Codman was an American landscape architect in Frederick Law Olmsted 's celebrated design firm .
Justin Hartfield is an entrepreneur and venture capitalist from Orange County , California .
Jimmie Lee Jackson ( December 16 , 1938 -- February 26 , 1965 ) was a civil rights activist in Marion , Alabama , and a deacon in the Baptist church .
Thomas Adeoye Lambo ( March 29 , 1923 -- March 13 , 2004 ) was a Nigerian scholar , administrator and psychiatrist .
Cormac Mac Duinnshléibhe , Irish physician and scribe , fl .
Mpowele Swathe is a South African politician , a former Member of Parliament with the Democratic Alliance , and the former Shadow Minister of Rural Development and Land Reform .
Wyn Harness ( 1960 - -2007 ) was a journalist at The Independent from the newspaper 's creation in 1986 .
Kelly Hogan ( born January 11 , 1965 ) is an American singer - songwriter , often known for her work as a member of Neko Case 's backing band , as well as for her solo work .
Kitty Kelley ( born April 4 , 1942 ) is an American journalist and author of several best - selling unauthorized biographies of Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis , Rock Hudson , Elizabeth Taylor , Frank Sinatra , Nancy Reagan , the British Royal Family , the Bush family , and Oprah Winfrey .
Sisir Mishra is an Indian film director and screenwriter most renowned for directing critically acclaimed films like `` Bheegi Palkein '' , `` Samay Ki Dhara '' , `` Billoo Baadshaah '' , `` TADA '' and `` Aseema '' .
Carlos Leal ( born 1969 ) is a Swiss rapper and actor .
Max Henius ( June 16 , 1859 -- November 15 , 1935 ) was a Danish - American biochemist who specialized in the fermentation processes .
Similarly , Haye Chorre Ki Jaat Badi Bewafa , a duet with G. M. Durrani , was Lata 's first song for composer , Naushad .
Ricardo `` Richie '' Ray ( born February 15 , 1945 ) is a virtuoso pianist , singer , music arranger , composer and religious minister known for his success beginning in 1965 as part of the duo Richie Ray & Bobby Cruz .
David Gribble is an Australian cinematographer and director of photography based in New South Wales .
Jeff Koke is a writer , graphic designer and business owner currently living in Austin , Texas .
Chris Charlesworth is a British - based music journalist and author ; and , since 1983 , managing editor of Omnibus Press .
Hannelore Göttlich is a retired German rower who won six medals at the European championships of 1959 - -1964 , five of them with Helga Richter .
Colleen Rennison ( born December 2 , 1987 ) is a Canadian singer / songwriter and actress of feature films , television movies and television series .
Yumsem Matey is a politician from Lazu Village , ( OLLO Community ) Tirap Dist . Arunachal Pradesh , state in India .
James Tobin ( March 5 , 1918 -- March 11 , 2002 ) was an American economist who served on the Council of Economic Advisers and the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System , and taught at Harvard and Yale Universities .
Manuel de Mesquita Perestrelo ( c.1510 , Santo Estêvão - c.1580 , Santo Estêvão ) was a Portuguese navigator and cartographer .
Marie Magdeleine Real del Sarte or Real del Sarte ( 1853 -- 1927 ) was a French painter and model .
Paul Northeast is a former Australian rules footballer for the Port Adelaide Football Club in the South Australian National Football League ( SANFL ) .
William Dering ( active between 1735 and 1751 ) was an American dancing master and painter active primarily in Virginia .
Danuta Lato is a Polish glamour model , actress and later singer .
Alex Zahara is a Canadian actor and a voice actor .
Barry Edelstein is an American theatre director , author , and educator .
Fiona Fung ( Traditional Chinese 馮曦妤 ; Simplified Chinese 冯曦妤 ; born December 14 , 1983 ) , also known as Fung Hei - yu , is a Cantopop singer - lyricist based in Hong Kong .
Asaph Hall III ( October 15 , 1829 -- November 22 , 1907 ) was an American astronomer who is most famous for having discovered the moons of Mars , Deimos and Phobos , in 1877 .
Gabriele Antonini ( born 16 April 1938 ) is an Italian former film , stage and television actor .
Carlos Torres Torrija is a Venezuelan actor , well known for his role in the TV series Gitanas .
Yolande Bavan ( born June 1 , 1942 in Ceylon ) is a singer and actress .
David S. Wollan ( March 14 , 1937 -- August 25 , 2008 ) was an American physicist and arms control specialist .
Rita Lynch is an English singer - songwriter who achieved a major profile in the UK the early 1990s and was the subject of a Channel 4 documentary , filmed as part of the Out series .
Fereidoun Biglari ( Persian : فریدون بیگلری‎ ) is an Iranian archaeologist and a museum curator .
Robert Ethelbert Beattie ( March 20 , 1875 -- May 5 , 1925 ) was a Canadian politician and pharmacist .
Muthu Thandavar ( 1525 - 1600 CE ) was composer of Carnatic music .
Stefan Kutrzeba ( born May 4 , 1946 ) is a Polish classical pianist and pedagogue specialized in the piano methods of Frédéric Chopin and Heinrich Neuhaus .
Mary Gaitskill ( born November 11 , 1954 ) is an American novelist , essayist , and short story writer .
Azim Hussein is a Fiji Indian educationaist and politician who won the Nasinu Rewa Open Constituency for the Labour Party in 2006 general election defeating the John Ali of Soqosoqo Duavata ni Lewenivanua ( SDL ) , who had formerly held the seat as a Labour Party candidate .
Johnnie Bryan Hunt , Sr . ( February 28 , 1927 -- December 7 , 2006 ) , better known as J. B. Hunt , was an American entrepreneur who founded J.B. Hunt Transport Services , the largest publicly - owned trucking company in the US .
Knox Chandler is a session guitarist and cellist .
Mark Cendrowski is an American television director best known for his work on CBS sitcom The Big Bang Theory .
Björn Larsson ( born May 12 , 1975 ) is a Swedish game director , executive producer and game designer .
José - Alain Sahel is a French ophthalmologist and scientist .
Volbrecht Nagel ( 1867 -- 1921 ) was a German missionary to the Malabar coast of India .
Katherine Bailess ( born April 24 , 1980 ) is an American actress , singer , and dancer best known for playing the role of Erica Marsh on the CW 's hit show One Tree Hill , Life and Death Brigade member Stephanie on Gilmore Girls , and Kyle Hart on the VH1 series Hit the Floor .
Alicia Seegert ( born c. 1965 ) is a former All - American softball player .
Amanda Swisten ( born December 20 , 1978 ) is an American model and actress who has appeared in various films and TV shows .
Giovanni Antonio Caldelli ( 1721 - 1791 ) was an Italian - Swiss painter , active in both figure and quadratura painting .
Nigel Betts is an English actor who has an irregular recurring role in ITV soap opera Emmerdale as Sales Manager Eddie Hope .
Tahir Emra ( 1938 ) is an Albanian painter .
Yücel Gündoğdu ( born August 10 , 1985 ) is a European champion Turkish karateka competing in the kumite -65 kg division .
Gus Giordano ( July 10 , 1923 -- March 9 , 2008 ) was an American jazz dancer and choreographer .
Cornelia Nixon is a novelist , short - story writer and teacher .
Hershel Shanks is `` probably the world 's most influential amateur Biblical archaeologist , '' wrote New York Times book critic Richard Bernstein .
M. Padma Devender Reddy ( born 6 June 1969 ) is an Indian politician and First Deputy Speaker in Telangana Legislative Assembly .
Jean Jacques Smoothie is a British disc jockey , born in Gloucester as Steve Robson .
Descemer Bueno ( born 1971 , Habana Vieja ) is a Cuban singer , composer , and producer .
J. Searcy Bracewell , Jr. ( January 19 , 1918 -- May 13 , 2003 ) , was a Texas Democratic politician and founder of the law firm Bracewell & Giuliani , based in Houston .
Guo Zhengxin ( Chinese : 郭政新 , born August 1 , 1979 ) is a Chinese former figure skater who competed in men 's singles .
Anton Cassar ( 1924 -- June 30 , 2014 ) was a Maltese journalist and editor , who founded L - Orizzont , a national daily newspaper , in 1962 .
Scott Columbus ( November 10 , 1956 -- April 4 , 2011 ) was an American drummer , best known for his long period of collaboration with heavy metal band Manowar .
Ashagi Lamiya is an Indian artist , Indian Television presenter , screen writer , photographer and actor .
Bob Rothberg ( October 28 , 1901 , New York City , New York - February 1 , 1938 , New York City , New York ) was a Tin Pan Alley songwriter and lyricist .
Rob Hutton ( born April 7 , 1967 ) is an American businessman and politician who currently serves in the Wisconsin State Assembly .
William H. Holt ( November 29 , 1842 -- March 6 , 1919 ) was the first judge of the United States District Court for the District of Puerto Rico , as established by the Foraker Act of 1900 .
Dónal Ó Maoláine , aka Eamon Mhagaine , Irish poet and rapparee , fl .
Amy Lemons is an American fashion model and model advocate .
Wyatt C. Whitley ( October 17 , 1900 -- November 5 , 1982 ) was an American chemist , professor of chemistry and a former director of the Engineering Experiment Station at the Georgia Institute of Technology ( now known as the Georgia Tech Research Institute ) from 1963 until 1968 .
Steven Andrew `` Steve '' Slocum ( born November 5 , 1979 ) is a retired American professional wrestler , better known for his time in WWE under the ring name Jackson Andrews , where he acted as Tyson Kidd 's enforcer while on the Raw brand .
Anisha Singh is an Indian digital entrepreneur .
Jack Ward Smith ( November 16 , 1913 in Seattle , Washington -- July 3 , 2006 ) , known as Smilin ' Jack Smith , was a crooner , radio host and actor .
Jerzy Hoffman ( pronounced ( ˈjɛʐɨ ˈxɔfman ) ; born March 15 , 1932 ) is a Polish film director and screenwriter .
Pauls Dauge ( born August 22 , 1869 , Sauka parish -- February 9 , 1946 , Riga ) was a Latvian dentist , Bolshevik revolutionary activist and writer .
Dr. Drs . M. Idrus Marham , MSc is an Indonesian politician who used to come from academia .
Alonso Duralde ( born May 18 , 1967 ) is an American writer and film critic .
Alexi Kaye Campbell is an award winning playwright and screenwriter .
Alvin Saunders Johnson ( December 18 , 1874 -- June 7 , 1971 ) was an American economist and a co - founder and first director of The New School .
Ahmad Ali El Zein ( born 1956 ) is a Lebanese novelist , documentary film maker and television journalist .
Pietro Marchioretto ( 1763 or 1772 -- May 20 , 1828 ) was an Italian painter , mainly of rural landscapes , in a late Baroque style .
Travis Lutter ( born May 12 , 1973 ) is a retired American mixed martial artist who won the The Ultimate Fighter 4 reality show .
Angelo Mottola ( January 10 , 1935 -- October 8 , 2014 ) was a Roman Catholic archbishop and diplomat .
Juan Carlos Mondragón is a writer and a literary critic .
Varsha Dixit is an Indian author who has written the novel Right Fit Wrong Shoe , an English language love story , intended for adolescents but widely read by adults as well .
Yosi Piamenta ( November 29 , 1951 -- August 23 , 2015 ) was an Orthodox Jewish singer - songwriter and guitarist , known for introducing the electric guitar to Jewish music .
Larry Crumpler is a geologist and volcanologist .
Nick Pace ( born April 17 , 1987 ) is an American professional mixed martial artist who competes in the bantamweight division .
Tim Palmer is a British music producer , audio engineer , guitarist and songwriter of rock and alternative music .
Halldórr skvaldri ( Halldórr Prattler , or Halldór the Talkative ) was an Icelandic skald who lived in the first half of the twelfth century .
Julius Kugy ( original surname Kogej ) was a mountaineer , writer , botanist , humanist , lawyer and officer of Slovenian descent .
Pepe Soriano ( born José Carlos Soriano , on September 25 , 1929 ) is a prominent Argentine actor and playwright .
Bob Cessna was an American actor , scriptwriter and playwright who appeared on Broadway in many roles .
Gauri Shinde is an Indian ad - film and feature film director .
Paulo Rogério Amoretty Souza ( December 19 , 1945 in Recife -- Sao Paulo July 17 , 2007 ) was a Brazilian lawyer and former chairman of the association football team Sport Club Internacional .
Priscilla Lopez ( born February 26 , 1948 ) is an American singer , dancer , and actress .
Hans Cloos ( November 8 , 1885 -- September 26 , 1951 ) was a prominent German structural geologist .
Dr. Jeff Machat is a board - certified ophthalmologist in the United States and Canada specializing in surgical vision correction better known as refractive eye surgery .
Anne Jøtun ( married as Anne Bakke , later divorced and took her maiden name back ) is a Norwegian curler and world champion .
Manuel De Peppe is an Italian actor , musician , composer , arranger , and producer .
Ann Magnuson ( born January 4 , 1956 ) is an American actress , performance artist and nightclub performer .
Karl Apfelbacher was a German mathematician who served as minister for higher public education in Upper Bavaria - East .
Bettina Bush ( also known professionally as simply `` Bettina '' ) ( Born November 5 , 1973 ) , is an American voice actress , actress and pop music singer .
Marek Gatty - Kostyal ( born July 20 , 1886 in Bochnia -- September 13 , 1965 in Kraków ) was a Polish chemist and pharmacist , known for his many contributions to pharmaceutical science .
Heinz Unbehauen ( born October 7th , 1935 , Stuttgart ) is a German control engineer .
Joanna Angel ( born December 25 , 1980 ) is an American alternative pornographic and mainstream actress , director , and writer of adult films .
Bernardo Mercado was a heavyweight boxer briefly ranked as the top contender for the title of champion in 1980 by the WBC .
Samuel Löw Brill ( September 14 , 1814 -- April 8 , 1897 ) was a Hungarian rabbi and Talmudical scholar born in Budapest .
Cyrine Abdelnour , also spelled Cyrine Abd Al - Nour ( Arabic : سيرين عبدالنور‎ ; born February 21 , 1977 ) is a Lebanese singer , actress , and model .
William Cameron Menzies ( July 29 , 1896 -- March 5 , 1957 ) was an American film production designer ( a job title he invented ) and art director who also worked as a director , producer , and screenwriter during a career spanning five decades .
Nathaniel Shilkret ( December 25 , 1889 -- February 18 , 1982 ) was an American composer , conductor , clarinetist , pianist , business executive , and music director .
George Brinton McClellan Harvey ( February 16 , 1864 - August 20 , 1928 ) was an American diplomat , journalist , author , street railway magnate , and editor of several magazines .
Joseph Schildkraut ( March 22 , 1896 -- January 21 , 1964 ) was an Austrian - American stage and film actor .
Bret Wood is an Atlanta - based film director and author .
Imrul Kayes ( Bengali : ইমরুল কায়েস ) is a Bangladeshi international cricketer who plays for Khulna Division as a left - hand batsman and occasional wicket - keeper .
Mary Sarah ( July 7 , 1995 ) is a country music singer and songwriter .
Jane Badler ( born December 31 , 1953 , in Brooklyn , New York ) is an American actress and singer .
Charlie Biederman ( November 11 , 1918 -- February 22 , 1995 ) was a musher in Alaska best known for being the last surviving dog sled mail carrier in the United States .
Peter Jukes is an English author , screenwriter , playwright , literary critic and blogger .
In 190 , when Cao Cao was raising an army to participate in the campaign against Dong Zhuo , Xiahou Dun became an officer under Cao and fought in many battles .
Eleuterio Zapanta or Little Dado , ( January 1 , 1916 -- July 7 , 1965 ) , was a flyweight boxer from the Philippines , who became World bantamweight champion in 1940 and World flyweight champion in 1941 .
Aulus Plautius was a Roman politician and general of the mid-1st century .
Karol Bohdanowicz ( 1867 - -1947 ) was a Polish engineer , geographer and geologist .
Colin Bradshaw is an English physician and ornithologist who was chairman of the British Birds Rarities Committee from 1997 to 2008 .
Daniel Trilling is a British journalist , editor and author .
Olivia Alexander ( born Olivia Usey ; May 17 , 1988 ) is an American actress , singer , and dancer .
Giuseppe Lignano is an Italian - born architect and co - founder ( with Ada Tolla ) of the architectural design studio LOT - EK .
Sebastián Ligarde ( Spanish pronunciation : ( seβasˈtjan liɣarðe ) ; born January 26 , 1954 ) is an American actor and acting coach best known for his work in telenovelas and the big screen .
Cristoforo Greppi ( Active early 17th century ) was an Italian painter of the Mannerist period , active in Rome .
Hana Jonášová is a Czech opera singer active in concerts , recitals , and operas .
Manish Dayal ( born June 17 , 1983 ) is an American film and television actor known for his recurring role as Raj Kher in 90210 and leading role in the film The Hundred Foot Journey .
Dawayne Bailey : composer , guitarist , lyricist , and vocalist on Chicago 's Stone of Sisyphus
Yitzhak ha - Sangari is the name of the rabbi who converted the Khazar royalty to Judaism according to medieval Jewish sources .
Colombe Jacobsen - Derstine ( born December 21 , 1977 ) is an American chef and actress .
Brad Self ( born February 27 , 1981 in Peterborough , Ontario ) was a dual sport athlete who is currently a lacrosse player for the Rochester Knighthawks of the National Lacrosse League and the Peterborough Lakers of Major Series Lacrosse league .
Harry Wincott was an English songwriter , born Alfred James Walden , 1 January 1867 , London .
Walter Warwick Sawyer ( or W. W. Sawyer ) ( 1911 - -2008 ) was a mathematician , mathematics educator and author , who taught on several continents .
Arto Lintunen was a Finnish professional darts player who competed in the 1980s .
Uzair Cassiem is a South African rugby union player who currently plays for the Cheetahs in the Super Rugby competition .
Helena Åberg ( born July 16 , 1971 ) is a former Swedish Olympic freestyle swimmer .
Dammika Ranatunga ( born October 12 , 1962 , Colombo ) is a former Sri Lankan cricketer who played in 2 Tests and 4 ODIs in 1989 .
Lina Bo Bardi , née Achillina Bo ( December 4 , 1914 -- March 20 , 1992 ) was an Italian - born Brazilian modernist architect .
Alice Cooper ( born Vincent Damon Furnier ; February 4 , 1948 ) is an American singer , songwriter , musician and occasional actor whose career spans five decades .
Arron Villaflor ( born July 5 , 1990 ) is a Filipino actor , dancer , occasional recording artist , and talent of ABS - CBN .
Floyd MacMillan Davis was an American painter and illustrator known for his work in advertising and illustration ;
Larissa Manoela Taques Elias Santos ( born in December 28 , 2001 ) is a Brazilian actress and singer .
Maria Arena Bell ( born March 10 , 1963 ) is an American novelist , television and freelance writer , as well as a Los Angeles - based philanthropist and patron of the arts .
Yoanna House ( born April 9 , 1980 ) is an American fashion model and television host , best known as the winner of Cycle 2 of America 's Next Top Model .
João Costa Menezes is a London - based Portuguese film actor , film producer and film director .
Jim Salvati is an American painter of Contemporary Figurative Fine Art . Works in the film industry as a Visual Concept Designer and Cinematic Artist .
Andrew Kirtzman ( born c. 1961 ) is a journalist and author who served as political reporter and anchor for six years at WCBS - TV ( CBS 2 ) in New York City until April 2008 .
Margaret R. Fox is an American electronics engineer and computer scientist .
Maina wa Kinyatti is a Kenyan Marxist historian and former political prisoner under Daniel arap Moi 's dictatorship .
José Julio Gaona ( full name José Julio Gaona Adame ; b. April 12 , 1943 ) is a Mexican painter noted for his depictions of women and girls in strong lines and bright colors , usually doing ordinary activities .
Orson Scott Card ( born August 24 , 1951 ) is an American novelist , critic , public speaker , essayist and columnist .
Zhang Xianzi ( simplified Chinese : 张弦子 Traditional Chinese : 張弦子 ; pinyin : Zhāng Xiánzǐ ; born April 22 , 1986 in Guangxi , China ) is a Chinese singer .
Hung Liang - chuan or Uya Pawan ( Chinese : 洪良全 ; pinyin : Hóng Liángquán ) is a politician in the Republic of China .
Chris Terrell ( born June 2 , 1972 in Canoga Park , California ) is an American professional basketball coach of the Halifax Rainmen in the National Basketball League of Canada with extensive experience as both a professional basketball coach and general manager .
Lydia Schaap is a retired Dutch freestyle swimmer who won a bronze medal in the 4×100 m freestyle relay at the 1966 European Championships .
Bishop John Joseph Hogan was a Catholic priest and missionary in Missouri in the American Civil War era .
Johannes Kaltenboeck ( Bozen , June 29 , 1853- c. 1919 ) was an Austrian writer known by his adventure stories .
Beth Doane ( born July 20 , 1983 ) is an American fashion designer , writer and author .
Morris Swadesh ( /ˈswɑːdɛʃ/ ; January 22 , 1909 -- July 20 , 1967 ) was an influential and controversial American linguist .
Karthik Jayaram is an Indian actor who is quite famous in kannada industry .
Eddie Mekka ( born June 14 , 1952 ) is an American actor most famous for his role as Carmine `` The Big Ragoo '' Ragusa on the sitcom Laverne & Shirley .
Naradasu Laxman Rao is an Indian politician and a Member of Legislative Council in Andhra Pradesh .
Keith Knudsen ( February 18 , 1948 -- February 8 , 2005 ) was an American rock drummer , vocalist , and songwriter .
William W. Robertson ( November 3 , 1941 -- July 10 , 2008 ) was an American lawyer who served as Acting United States Attorney for the District of New Jersey from 1980 to 1981 .
Kenny Bayless ( born 1951 ) is an American boxing referee from Nevada best known for having refereed the superfights Manny Pacquiao vs. Ricky Hatton , Oscar de la Hoya vs. Floyd Mayweather , Ricky Hatton vs. Paulie Malignaggi , Miguel Cotto vs. Antonio Margarito , and Manny Pacquiao vs. Miguel Cotto .
Mark Sandrich ( born Mark Rex Goldstein ; October 26 , 1900 -- March 4 , 1945 ) was an American film director , writer , and producer .
Mark Berman is a New York City pianist , composer , producer , conductor , music director and arranger .
Maureen C. Stone is an American computer scientist , specializing in color modeling .
Gabriel Valdés Subercaseaux ( July 3 , 1919 -- September 7 , 2011 ) was a Chilean politician , lawyer and diplomat .
Péricles Azambuja ( August 13 , 1927 -- November 8 , 2012 ) was a Brazilian historian , writer and journalist .
Joe Conley ( March 3 , 1928 -- July 7 , 2013 ) was an American actor who played many small roles on television and is most remembered for his role as the storekeeper Ike Godsey on The Waltons .
Walter Wanger ( July 11 , 1894 -- November 18 , 1968 ) was an American film producer active in filmmaking from the 1910s to the turbulent production of Cleopatra in 1963 .
Damien Saez ( French pronunciation : ​(damjɛ̃ ˈsɛz ) ) is a French singer - songwriter and musician .
Vash Young was an American author of motivational and self - improvement books with a popular following during the Great Depression .
Alexandra Ripley , née Braid ( January 8 , 1934 -- January 10 , 2004 ) was an American writer best known as the author of Scarlett ( 1991 ) , written as a sequel to Gone with the Wind .
Hammad Shahid ( born December 7 , 1991 ) is an American cricketer who made his debut for the U.S. national side in November 2012 .
Rallia Christidou ( Greek : Ραλλία Χρηστίδου , pronounced ( raˈlia xrisˈtiðu ) ) is a popular Greek singer originating from Neo Irakleio , Athens .
Raphael Pumpelly ( September 8 , 1837 -- August 10 , 1923 ) was an American geologist and explorer .
Jean Schwartz ( November 4 , 1878 -- November 30 , 1956 ) was a Hungarian - born American songwriter .
Frederic Williams Hopkins ( September 15 , 1806 -- January 21 , 1874 ) was a Vermont lawyer and militia officer who served as Adjutant General of the Vermont Militia .
William H. Cabell ( December 16 , 1772 -- January 12 , 1853 ) was a Virginia politician and judge aligned with the Democratic - Republican party .
Emily Rosemond made her Olympic debut as a short track speed skater at the 2006 Torino Winter Olympics .
Jerry Houser ( born July 14 , 1952 ) is an American character actor and voice actor in film and television .
Stanley Sampson ( October 23 , 1915 -- August 8 , 2011 ) , was a Canadian ice hockey player .
Cynthia McFadden ( born May 27 , 1956 ) is an American television journalist who is currently the senior legal and investigative correspondent for NBC News .
Paramount Chief Abu Mbawa Kongobah is a Sierra Leonean politician .
Trifun Živanović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Трифун Живановић ; born on April 17 , 1975 in Santa Monica , California ) is an American - born Serbian figure skater .
Khondkar Siddique - e - Rabbani ( born 9 May 1950 ) is a Bangladeshi Biomedical physicist and innovator who has been a pioneering figure in developing the Focused Impedance Measurement method .
Dr. Bendson Louima ( born 1979 ) is a Haitian physician .
Charles P. Boyle ( 1892 - -1968 ) enjoyed his first credit as a cinematographer in 1925 .
Donald Holder is an American lighting designer in theatre , opera , and dance based in New York .
Dolly Wells ( born 5 December 1971 ) is an English comedy actress and daughter of the late comic actor John Wells .
William Garrat ( born 21 April 1805 , Shrewsbury , Shropshire ; date of death unknown ) was an English professional cricketer who played first - class cricket from 1832 to 1845 .
Zoran Todorovich ( Serbian : Зоран Тодоровић ) is German opera singer of Serbian origin .
Valentin Turkin ( 1887 - -1958 ) was a Russian screenwriter and film critic .
Robert Gossett ( born March 3 , 1954 ) is an American television , theater , and film actor .
Lyn Duff is an American journalist with the Pacific News Service and KPFA radio 's Flashpoints , an evening drive - time public affairs show heard daily on Pacifica Radio .
Flávio José ( born Flávio José Marcelino Remígio in Monteiro ) is a Brazilian composer and singer .
Dileesh Nair ( born July 23 , 1981 ) is an Indian film director and Script Writer best known for his work in Malayalam cinema .
Alanson Skinner ( May 21 , 1794 , Westmoreland , Cheshire County , New Hampshire -- June 7 , 1876 , Brownville , Jefferson County , New York ) was an American manufacturer and politician from New York .
His mother , Helena Sacadura Cabral was an economist , journalist and author , who held more conservative views that appear to have passed on to Paulo Portas who stayed living with her after his parents separated .
Luis Alejandro Capdevielle Flores ( born March 13 , 1953 ) is a Mexican editor and politician , also member of the Institutional Revolutionary Party ( PRI ) .
Anastasiya Pavlovna Hagen , née Gryshai ( Russian : Анастаси́я Па́вловна Хаген/Гриша́й , Ukrainian : Анастасія Павлівна Гришай/Хаген ) , better known under her screen name Wiska , is a Ukrainian model and retired pornographic actress of Belarusian origin .
Rolf Parker Griffith , Jr. , M.D. ( born August 6 , 1942 ) is an American retired radiation oncology physician , mathematics teacher , Army Reserve officer , entrepreneur and politician who served in the Alabama State Senate from 2006 to 2008 and then as the U.S. Representative for Alabama 's 5th congressional district from 2009 to 2011 .
Yuriy Georgiyevich Kutsenko ( Russian : Ю́рий Гео́ргиевич Куце́нко ; born May 20 , 1967 ) , better known as Gosha Kutsenko ( Russian : Гоша Куценко ) , is a Russian actor , producer , singer , poet , and screenwriter .
Alan Di Fiore ( sometimes Alan DiFiore ) is an award - winning screenwriter .
Nehemiah Partridge ( March 9 , 1683 -- between 1729 and 1737 ) was a Colonial American painter .
Darrell Fetty is an American actor , screenwriter and Emmy - nominated producer for his work on the History miniseries Hatfields & McCoys which has received a total of 16 nominations .
Jean Fuller ( born April 16 , 1950 ) is a U.S. politician who serves as the minority leader in the California State Senate .
Marc - André Moreau ( born on January 22 , 1982 in Chambly , Quebec ) is a Canadian freestyle skier .
Karen Autio is a Finnish Canadian writer of children 's fiction .
Dwight Macdonald ( March 24 , 1906 -- December 19 , 1982 ) was a U.S. writer , editor , film critic , social critic , philosopher , and political radical .
Ellie Kanner ( sometimes credited as Ellie Kanner - Zuckerman ) is an American film and television director and former casting director .
Jauhar Saleem is a Pakistani career diplomat .
Kamaliya Zahoor ( Ukrainian : Камалія Захур , Russian : Камалия Захур ; born May 18 , 1977 ) is a Ukrainian musical performer , actress , model , and the 2008 Mrs. World .
Sayed Ebrahim Dibaj ( Persian : دکتر سيد ابراهيم ديباجي‎ ) is an Iranian philosopher , author , and an emeritus professor of philosophy at the University of Tehran .
Mary Beth Dunnichay ( born February 25 , 1993 in Elwood , Indiana ) is an American platform diver .
Antone S. Aguiar , Jr. ( January 2 , 1930 -- February 1 , 2014 ) was an American judge and politician .
Vruir Galstian ( Armenian : Վրույր Գալստյան , March 3 , 1924 -- July 10 , 1996 ) was an Armenian painter .
Alain Huetz de Lemps is a French geographer and botanist .
Jimmy Sabater ( April 11 , 1936 -- February 8 , 2012 ) was a Latin musician of Puerto Rican ancestry , who was a three - time winner of the ACE Awards .
Lisa 's Song + 6 Songs ( 2003 ) EP ; earlier versions were 6 Songs and 6 Songs + Tidings : 6 Songs for the Season ( 2003 ) EP Secrets ( 2004 ) singer - songwriter solo debut Tidings ( 2004 ) a greatly expanded version of Tidings : 6 Songs for the Season Allison Crowe :
J. Nozipo Maraire ( born in Mangula , Southern Rhodesia in 1964 ) is a Zimbabwean doctor , entrepreneur and writer .
Cliff Hite ( born September 4 , 1954 ) is a Republican politician who has represented the 1st district of the Ohio Senate since 2011 .
The Bedford Master was an manuscript illuminator active in Paris during the fifteenth century .
Eric A. Johnson ( born May 9 , 1948 ) is an American historian , social scientist , and professor of history at Central Michigan University .
Carmen Rita Wong is an American radio , television & online journalist , and personal finance expert at CNBC where she was the former host of the 2005 version of On the Money , a personal finance program .
Kanary Diamonds , born September 2 , 1989 as Johnean Jimenez in Watts , California is an American rapper and entertainer .
Nenad Firšt ( born November 6 , 1964 in Zagreb ) , is a Slovene composer , conductor and violinist .
Jihad Helwi ( born September 1 , 1985 ) is a Lebanese international association football player .
Ray Harroun ( January 12 , 1879 -- January 19 , 1968 ) was an American racecar driver and pioneering constructor most famous for winning the inaugural Indianapolis 500 in 1911 .
Carl Graffunder ( March 23 , 1919 - August 27 , 2013 ) was a mid - century modernist architect whose influence from European modernism , Frank Lloyd Wright and Antonin Raymond manifested in many residential and commercial structures mostly in Minnesota .
Ramesh Menon is an author , award winning journalist , documentary film maker and corporate trainer .
Mildred Anderson was an American jazz , blues and R&B singer .
Tim Male ( born September 7 , 1979 ) is an Olympic rower who represented Great Britain in the lightweight four at the Olympic Games in 2004 .
Dr. Juan Giambruno ( born February 23 , 1950 in Montevideo ) is a Uruguayan cardiac surgeon at Universidad de la República , Montevideo .
Samuel Gridley Howe ( November 10 , 1801 -- January 9 , 1876 ) was a nineteenth century United States physician , abolitionist , and an advocate of education for the blind .
Sepideh Raissadat ( Persian : سپیده رئیس سادات‎ ) is a classical Persian music singer .
Manuel de Alencar Guimarães ( December 13 , 1865 - September 9 , 1940 ) best known as Alencar Guimarães was a Brazilian lawyer and politician , senator of Paraná from 1908 until 1911 , and again from 1912 until 1920 .
Ugnė Karvelis ( June 13 , 1935 in Noreikiškės , Lithuania -- March 4 , 2002 in Paris , France ) was a writer , a translator and a member of the UNESCO Executive Board from 1997 to 2002 .
Lushin Dubey is an Indian stage actor and director .
William Kent Krueger is an American author and crime writer , best known for his Cork O'Connor series of books , which are set mainly in Minnesota , USA .
Bruno Pelletier ( born August 7 , 1962 ) , is a francophone Quebecer singer .
Arieh Warshel ( Hebrew : אריה ורשל‎ ; born November 20 , 1940 ) is an Israeli - American biochemist and biophysicist .
( Charles ) Albert Riemenschneider ( August 31 , 1878 -- July 20 , 1950 ) was an American musician and Bach musicologist .
Jesse Lynch Williams ( August 17 , 1871 -- September 14 . 1929 ) was an American Pulitzer Prize - winning author and dramatist .
Tariq Devega ( born July 26 , 1990 ) , better known by the stage name ASAP Nast ( stylized as A$ AP Nast ) , is an American rapper from Harlem , New York .
Lisa Getter ia an American investigative journalist .
Alan Sonfist is a New York City based American artist most often associated with the Land or Earth Art movement .
John Erneley ( before 1522 - 72 ) , of Bishops Cannings , Wiltshire , was an English politician .
Avi Benjamin ( Hebrew : אבי בנימין‎ ; Russian : Ави Беньямин ; born March 3 , 1959 ) is an Estonian , Russian , and Israeli composer and performer , musical director of the Israeli Gesher Theater since its foundation in 1991 .
Erastus Salisbury Field ( Leverett , Massachusetts , May 19 , 1805 -- Sunderland , Massachusetts June 28 , 1900 ) was an American folk art painter of portraits , landscapes , and history pictures .
Virgil Baer ( December 5 , 1912 -- July 14 , 1993 ) was an American football and basketball coach in the United States .
Joe Sacco ( born October 2 , 1960 ) is a Maltese - American cartoonist and journalist .
Thomas William Duncan ( August 15 , 1905 -- September 15 , 1987 ) was an American writer of circus novels , his most famous novel was Gus the Great ( 1947 ) .
Paul O. Müller was a German theoretical nuclear physicist who worked in the German Uranverein .
Martin Ivanov ( Bulgarian : Мартин Иванов ) is a Bulgarian judoka .
Colby French is an American television actor , best known for playing the role Hank on the NBC television drama , Heroes .
Abderrahim Zouari ( Tunisian Arabic : عبد الرحيم الزواري‎ ; born in 1944 ) is a Tunisian politician .
Christopher McCulloch ( born September 14 , 1971 ) , also known by the pseudonym Jackson Publick , is an American comic book and television writer , storyboard artist , and voice actor known for his work on several Tick properties and for the animated television series The Venture Bros. He authored the comic book miniseries The Tick :
Kathleen Dorothy Cavendish Murray , who was billed as Kay Cavendish , was a classically trained pianist and popular entertainer .
Deborah Twiss ( born December 22 , 1971 ) is an American actress , screenwriter , film director and producer .
David Pietrusza ( born November 22 , 1949 in Amsterdam , New York ) is a noted historian and author .
Barry Wine is a former restaurateur and current restaurant consultant whose noted establishment `` The Quilted Giraffe '' founded with his now ex - wife Susan was for the time it was open one of the most lauded eateries in the United States .
Darren Stein ( born December 24 , 1971 ) is an American film director , screenwriter , and film producer who grew up in the San Fernando Valley .
Arthenia Joyner ( born February 3 , 1943 ) is a Democratic politician who currently serves as a member of the Florida Senate , representing the 18th District from 2006 to 2012 , and the 19th District , which includes parts of Hillsborough , Manatee , and Pinellas Counties since 2012 .
Alexej Baumgärtner ( born July 13 , 1988 ) is a Russian - born German speed - skater .
Kevin Hutchinson ( October 10 , 1974 - August 31 , 2012 ) was a Canadian make - up artist , special effects technician and art director whose credits include Zach Snyder 's Dawn of the Dead remake , Len Wiseman 's Total Recall and posthumously Pacific Rim .
Daniele Giovanardi ( born 15 January 1950 ) is an Italian former sprinter ( 400 metres ) and hurdles ( 400 metres hs ) .
Alexandru Davila ( Romanian pronunciation : ( alekˈsandru daviˈla ) ; February 12 , 1862 -- October 19 , 1929 ) was a Romanian dramatist , diplomat , public administrator , and memoirist .
Manoj Pradhan is an Indian politician from the Bharatiya Janata Party , who was convicted of murder in January 2010 .
Robert S. McCoig ( 1937 - -1998 ) was a Scottish badminton player who won numerous national and international titles from the late 1950s to the mid-1970s .
Walter Kelleher was an American born photographer from Bay Ridge , Brooklyn .
Panaenus , brother of Phidias , was an ancient Greek painter who worked in conjunction with Polygnotus and Micon at Athens .
Mary Downing Hahn ( born December 9 , 1937 ) is an American writer of young adult novels and former school librarian .
Len A. Pennacchio is an American molecular biologist , the head of the Genetic Analysis Program and the Genomic Technologies Program at the Joint Genome Institute in Walnut Creek , California .
Natalie Batalha is a research astronomer in the Space Sciences Division of NASA Ames Research Center .
Tommy Refenes is an American video game designer and programmer , best known for his work on the game Super Meat Boy , a platformer he co - created with developer Edmund McMillen .
Kaylee Dakers ( born April 1 , 1991 in Brampton , Ontario ) is a Canadian breaststroke swimmer .
Hana Hegerová ( born October 20 , 1931 ) , is a Slovak singer and actress .
Wann Langston , Jr. ( 1921 -- April 7 , 2013 ) was an American paleontologist and professor at the University of Texas at Austin .
Gopalarathinam , popularly known as Typist Gopu , is a Tamil stage and film actor known for comedy and supporting roles .
Kenneth Noland ( April 10 , 1924 -- January 5 , 2010 ) was an American abstract painter .
Fionn Regan ( born 1981 ) is an Irish folk musician and singer - songwriter .
Albert Turner Bharucha - Reid ( November 13 , 1927 -- February 26 , 1985 ) was an American mathematician and theorist who worked extensively on probability theory , Markov chains , and statistics .
Timothy Long is a conductor and pianist with an active performing career in the United States and abroad .
William Woodruff Niles was ordained a deacon on May 22 , 1861 at Holy Trinity Episcopal Church in Middletown and a priest on May 14 , 1862 at St. Philip 's Episcopal Church in Wiscasset , Maine .
Alan Lorber is an American arranger , producer and composer .
Carol Diehl is an American artist , art critic and poet .
Belli Lalitha was an Indian folk singer and founder of Telangana Kala Samithi .
Kioumars Saberi Foumani ( August 29 , 1941 -- April 30 , 2004 ) ( Persian : کیومرث صابری فومنی‎‎ ) also known with his pen name Gol - Agha ( Persian : گل آقا‎‎ ) , was an Iranian satirist , writer , and teacher .
Tony Maddox is a British artist and a writer of children 's books .
Kathy Chan ( 陳凱英 ) is a Chinese - American entrepreneur and former Facebook employee .
Cibelle is a multi - media performance artist , singer - songwriter and music producer .
Karl Riedl is a German film editor based in Berlin .
Brandon Riha ( born April 26 , 1990 ) is an American professional poker player from Chickamauga , Georgia currently residing in Las Vegas , Nevada .
Chris Connor ( November 8 , 1927 -- August 29 , 2009 ) was an American jazz singer .
Robin Raskin ( born May 14 , 1954 ) is an American writer , author , publisher , TV personality and conference and events creator best known for her ability to simplify technology for non - technologists .
Arkadius , AFKAA - Artist Formerly Known As Arkadius ( Arkadiusz Weremczuk , born July 5 , 1969 in Lublin , Poland ) is a Polish fashion designer .
Elmer Bendiner ( Feb. 11 , 1916 - Sept. 16 , 2001 ) was a notable American writer and journalist .
Robert Bylot was a 17th - century explorer who made four voyages to the Arctic .
Dan Shevchik ( born November 24 , 1980 ) is a former American competitive swimmer , who won a bronze medal in the 200-meter backstroke at the 1999 Pan American Games .
Marco d'Oggiono ( c. 1470 -- c. 1549 ) was an Italian Renaissance painter and a chief pupil of Leonardo da Vinci , many of whose works he copied .
André Guignard is a Swiss engineer initially educated as a watchmaker .
Ngonidzashe Blessing Mahwire ( born July 31 , 1982 in Bikita , Masvingo ) is a Zimbabwean cricketer who plays first - class cricket for Mashonaland and has also made appearances for the Zimbabwean cricket team in both the Test match and One Day International forms of the game .
`` Dangerous '' Dorin Spivey is an American boxer from Portsmouth , Virginia .
Scipione Cappella ( active 1743 ) was an Italian historical painter .
Leung Ka Ming ( Chinese : 梁嘉明 ; Jyutping : loeng4 gaa1 ming4 ) is a Hong Kong fencer .
Lauren Evans is an American singer and songwriter responsible for penning hits by Alexandra Burke and Jordin Sparks .
Jaeger O'Meara ( born 23 February 1994 ) is an Australian rules footballer who plays for the Gold Coast Football Club in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) .
Roger Craig Vogel ( born July 6 , 1947 in Cleveland , Ohio ) is an American composer of contemporary classical music and a music educator .
Malik Cox ( born June 23 , 1978 ) , best known as Memphis Bleek or `` Bleek '' , is an American rapper mainly known for his tenure with Roc - a - Fella Records and CEO of his own label Get Low Records .
Damon Packard ( born May 4 , 1967 ) is an underground American film director and actor .
Jack Fletcher is a voice actor , casting director , and voice director .
Gédéon Ouimet ( June 2 , 1823 -- April 23 , 1905 ) was a French - Canadian politician .
Gen Paul ( July 2 , 1895 -- April 30 , 1975 ) , was a French painter and engraver .
Solomon ben Reuben Bonfed ( late 14th - century - early 15th century ) was a Spanish rabbi and poet who lived in Zaragoza .
Nicky Skopelitis is an American guitarist and composer from Greek heritage .
Robert E. Langdon , Jr. ( circa 1916 - 2004 ) was an American architect based in Los Angeles , California .
Judson Allen ( April 3 , 1797 -- August 6 , 1880 ) was an American businessman and politician , who served as a member of the United States House of Representatives for New York 's 20th district .
Andrew Mayer Cohen ( born February 2 , 1979 ) , better known by the stage name Mayer Hawthorne , is a Grammy - nominated American singer , producer , songwriter , arranger , audio engineer , DJ , rapper and multi - instrumentalist based in Los Angeles , California .
William of Cologne ( Wilhelm von Köln or Meister Wilhelm ) was a medieval German painter active in Cologne and recorded in city charters between 1370 and 1390 .
Corey Harned ( born December 26 , 1981 ) is an American lacrosse player who previously played for the Long Island Lizards and the New Jersey Pride of Major League Lacrosse .
Hugo de Lantins ( fl . 1420 - -1430 ) was a Franco - Flemish composer of the late Medieval era and early Renaissance .
John B. Mason ( October 28 , 1858 - January 12 , 1919 ) was an American stage actor popular over the decades surrounding the turn of the twentieth century .
Lucy Barnes Brown ( née Lucy Nevins Barnes ) ( March 16 , 1859 -- ? ) was an early American amateur golfer , known for winning the inaugural U.S. Women 's Amateur in 1895 .
Jake Krack ( born 1984 ) son of Reed and Dara Krack , is a prominent young old - time fiddler and fiddle teacher from Nicut in the U.S. state of West Virginia .
Mary Margaret Heaton ( 1836 - -1883 ) , ( born Mary Margaret Keymer ) , was an English art historian .
Gregor Wentzel ( February 17 , 1898 -- August 12 , 1978 ) was a German physicist known for development of quantum mechanics .
James Charles Phillips ( born Mar. 9 , 1933 ) is an American physicist and a member of the National Academy of Science ( 1978 ) .
Sergey Zvantsev ( November 2 , 1893 -- June 15 , 1973 ) was a Soviet writer , playwright and feuilletonist .
Nicolas Marceau ( born June 23 , 1964 ) is a Canadian economist , university professor , politician and former Minister of Finance .
Yogendra Sao is an Indian politician who is a leader of the Indian National Congress party .
Francisco Vera Cabeza de Vaca ( 1637 - -1700 ) was a Spanish portrait painter , and pupil of J. Martinez , born at Calatayud .
Nick Gerakines ( born Baton 1983 ) is an American author , speaker and software engineer .
Rajendra Achyut Badwe , is an Indian medical doctor and surgical oncologist .
Julie Beckman is an American architect who designed the National 9/11 Pentagon Memorial with her husband Keith Kaseman .
Julien Médecin ( born November 3 , 1894 , date of death unknown ) was a Monegasque architect .
David A. Nethercot OBE , FREng , FIStructE , FICE , FCGI is a British structural engineer .
Carlos Troyer , ( January 12 , 1837 -- July 26 , 1920 ) born Charles Troyer , was an American composer known for his musical arrangements of traditional Native American melodies .
John Whenham is an English musicologist and academic who specializes in early Italian baroque music .
Pooran Farrokhzad ' or Puran Farokhzad ( Persian : پوران فرخزاد ) is an Iranian writer , poet , playwright , and encyclopedist .
Dennis Kelly ( born 1970 ) is a British writer for film , television and theatre .
Lucius Calvenus Taurus ( Ancient Greek : Λούκιος Καλβῆνος Ταῦρος Loúkios Kalbē͂nos Taũros , also Calvisius Taurus ; fl . second century CE ) was a Greek philosopher of the Middle Platonist school .
Robert Sterling Clark ( June 25 , 1877 -- December 29 , 1956 ) , heir to the Singer Sewing Machine fortune , was an American art collector , horse breeder , and philanthropist .
Noah Creshevsky is a composer born in Rochester , New York in 1945 .
Arthur Moren Boutillier ( October 16 , 1869 -- February 24 , 1955 ) was a farmer and Canadian federal politician .
Mancel Thornton Munn ( January 31 , 1887 , Plainwell , Michigan - November 16 , 1956 , Arcadia , California ) was a New York State botanist , an agronomist , and an expert in crop seed testing who pioneered some of the early American legislative efforts to regulate the import of seeds from other countries .
Moulana Abdullah Tari is an Indian politician and official of the separatist Jammu and Kashmir Democratic Freedom Party , serving as the party 's Acting Chairman during the imprisonment of the party 's Chairman Shabir Ahmad Shah .
Byron Fidetzis ( Greek : Βύρων Φιδετζής ) is a Greek cellist and conductor .
Mychal Springer is a rabbi and the director of the Center for Pastoral Education of The Jewish Theological Seminary of America ( JTS ) , where she also holds the Helen Fried Kirshblum Goldstein Chair in Professional and Pastoral Skills .
Today the Chevalier de Saint - Georges is best remembered as the first classical composer of African ancestry .
Graham Hilford Pollard is an Australian mathematician , professor , statistician , author , lecturer , and Doctor in Mathematics , recognised for being the recipient of the David Hilbert Award in 1991 .
David Fig is a South African environmental sociologist , political economist , and activist .
Joseph Maher ( born 1964 ) , known as Big Joe Maher , is an American electric blues drummer , singer and songwriter .
Mary Dalton is a Canadian poet and educator .
Ifan Evans is a Welsh rugby union player , for Newport RFC and the Wales 7 's team .
Jason Gwynne is a journalist , most widely known for his 2004 documentary on the British National Party ( BNP ) .
Farrokh Khambata ( born June 30 ) is an Indian entrepreneur , restaurateur , chef and caterer .
Maria Cristina Mel de Almeida Costa ( born March 10 , 1964 ) is a Brazilian devotional / gospel / pop singer - songwriter , Christian minister , teacher and missionary .
Robert Bowyer ( died 1634 ) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1601 and 1610 .
Peter K. Vogt ( March 10 , 1932 in Broumov , Czechoslovakia ) is an American molecular biologist , virologist and geneticist .
Mary Blume is an American historian and biographer , who was a newspaper correspondent in Paris for several years .
Tom Dolby 's debut novel , The Trouble Boy , concerns a young gay freelance writer in Manhattan .
Peng Tso - kwei ( Chinese : 彭作奎 ) is a Taiwanese politician who served as head of the Council of Agriculture from 1997 to 1999 .
Jason Kilar ( born April 26 , 1971 ) is an American businessperson and a member of the board of directors for DreamWorks Animation .
Helen Altman ( born 1958 , Tuscaloosa , Alabama , United States ) is an artist based in Fort Worth , Texas .
Henry Farrer ( March 23 , 1844 -- February 24 , 1903 ) was an English - born American artist known for his tonalist watercolor landscapes and etchings .
Chen Wei - zen or Chen Wei - jen ( Chinese : 陳巍仁 ; pinyin : Chén Wēirén ) is a politician in the Republic of China .
Scott Schwartz ( born May 12 , 1968 ) is an American former child actor best known for his roles in The Toy and A Christmas Story .
Walter Faxon ( February 4 , 1848 -- August 10 , 1920 ) was an American ornithologist and carcinologist .
Arkady Severny ( Zvezdin ) ( Аркадий Северный ; Аркадий Дмитриевич Звездин ) ( March 12 , 1939 - April 12 , 1980 ) was a popular singer from Leningrad .
Trevor Blumas ( born October 16 , 1984 ) is a Canadian television and film actor and singer - songwriter .
John Ross Bowie ( born May 30 , 1971 ) is an American actor and comedian best known for playing Barry Kripke , a recurring character on the CBS sitcom The Big Bang Theory .
Tal Nitzán ( in Hebrew : טל ניצן ) is an Israeli poet , writer , translator and editor .
Scott Holstein ( born May 5 , 1974 ) is an American country and bluegrass singer - songwriter .
S. Indika ( full name and details unknown ) was a Sri Lankan cricketer who played for Galle Cricket Club .
Rick DePiro , ( born May 30 , 1967 ) who is known by his stage name Ricky Dee , is an American Country singer - songwriter , jazz pianist and organist , and a music producer who has recorded and produced over twenty - five albums .
David S. Tatel ( born March 16 , 1942 ) is an American jurist who has been a judge on the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit since 1994 .
Carmen Marai is the nom de plume of Carmen María Bassa Rodríguez , a Chilean poet and novelist .
Loraine Boettner ( March 7 , 1901 -- January 3 , 1990 ) was an American theologian , teacher , and author in the Reformed tradition .
Joan Gardy Artigas ( born 1938 ) is a Catalan ceramist , artist and ( was ) a close collaborator with Joan Miró .
Syed Mohammad Ahmad Kazmi is a freelance journalist , founder editor of Media Star News and now is the Chief editor of Urdu daily newspaper `` Qaumi Salamati '' and an accused in the attack on Israeli diplomats .
R. Leo Kieffer ( born September 11 , 1930 ) is an American businessperson and politician from Maine .
Ralph Hoffmann ( November 30 , 1870 -- July 21 , 1932 ) was an American natural history teacher and amateur ornithologist and botanist .
Alfredo Volpi ( April 14 , 1896 -- May 28 , 1988 ) , was a prominent painter of the artistic and cultural Brazilian modernist movement .
Robert Breuler is an American stage actor , primarily known as a longtime ensemble member of the Steppenwolf Theatre Company , in Chicago , Illinois , where he won a Joseph Jefferson Award for his role as a Russian negotiator in A Walk in the Woods .
Khondaker Hasibul Kabir is a Bangladeshi landscape architect and sustainability advocate who works with Bangladeshi development agencies such as BRAC and Grameen in rural and sustainable architecture .
Juan Gossaín ( born San Bernardo del Viento , Córdoba ) is a Colombian radio director , radio journalist and writer .
Olivier Fillieule is a political scientist and sociologist .
Jerome Delvin ( born September 15 , 1956 , Richland , Washington ) is an American politician of the Republican Party .
Herman Hupfeld ( February 1 , 1894 -- June 8 , 1951 ) was an American songwriter whose most notable composition was `` As Time Goes By . ''
George Menachery is a professor , anthropologist , indologist , historian of Syro Malabar Church and history of Kerala .
Day Guey - ing ( Chinese : 戴桂英 ; pinyin : Dài Guìyīng ) is a politician in the Republic of China .
Giovanni Cifolelli was an Italian mandolin virtuoso and dramatic composer whose date and place of birth are unknown .
Sun Tzu ( /ˈsuːnˈdzuː/ ; also rendered as Sun Zi ) was a Chinese general , military strategist , and philosopher who lived in the Spring and Autumn period of ancient China .
Girolamo Frescobaldi was appointed `` organist '' of St. Peter 's Basilica , a focal point of power for the Capella Giulia ( a musical organisation ) from 21 July 1608 until 1628 and again from 1634 until his death .
Steven Rinella is an outdoorsman , writer , and television personality known for translating the hunting lifestyle to a wide variety of audiences .
Samuel Hopkins Adams ( January 26 , 1871 -- November 16 , 1958 ) was an American writer , best known for his investigative journalism and muckraking .
Angélique Namaika is a Roman Catholic Augustine Sisters of Dungu and Doruma nun from the Democratic Republic of the Congo ( DRC ) .
Spencer Bayles is the front - man and songwriter for Leeds , England - based acoustic band Last Night 's TV .
Basil Kovpak ( Ukrainian : Василь Ковпак , Vasyl ' Kovpak ) is a Ukrainian Traditionalist Catholic priest and the founder and current head of the Priestly Society of Saint Josaphat .
Virginia E. Walker Broughton ( March 1 , 1856 -- September 21 , 1934 ) was an African American author and Baptist missionary .
Gilberto Martínez Solares ( 1906 - -1997 ) was a Mexican actor , cinematographer , director and screenwriter .
Pearson v. Chung , better known as the `` pants lawsuit '' , is a civil case filed in 2005 by Roy L. Pearson , Jr. , an administrative law judge in the District of Columbia in the United States , following a dispute with a dry cleaning company over a lost pair of trousers .
Kimberly Hendrix was a fashion designer in St. Petersburg , Florida .
Rostam Gorgani was a mid-16th century Persian physician who lived in India .
Albert Clinton Horton ( September 4 , 1798 -- September 1 , 1865 ) was a Texan politician , and the first Lieutenant Governor of Texas serving under Governor James P. Henderson .
Mike Del Rio ( born March 8 , 1987 ) is a musical artist , producer , and songwriter from New York , NY .
Andrew Paul Leonard is a photographer who uses electron microscopes as a camera .
Harry Hoijer ( September 6 , 1904 -- March 11 , 1976 ) was a linguist and anthropologist who worked on primarily Athabaskan languages and culture .
John Carter Vincent ( August 19 , 1900 -- December 3 , 1972 ) was an American diplomat , Foreign Service Officer , and China Hand .
John Zibell is an independent actor / writer / director who has worked in New York and Regional Theater and film .
Fiona Ruttelle is an Australian actress , singer , model and artist .
Harriet Quimby ( May 11 , 1875 -- July 1 , 1912 ) was an early American aviator and a movie screenwriter .
Eberhard Melchior is a German mathematician who provided the first proof of Sylvester 's line problem in 1940 .
Keanan Duffty ( born 28 April 1964 ) is a British fashion designer and musician based in New York City .
Emmah More is a South African politician and former Shadow Deputy Minister of Social Development .
Marc Jean - Bernard ( born May 14 , 1952 ) is a French philosopher , thinker in International Relations , classical musician and musicologist .
Ross Street is an Australian mathematician specializing in category theory .
Fabrizio Mobrici ( born 9 April 1975 ) , known by his stage name Fabrizio Moro , is an Italian singer - songwriter and television presenter .
Rebecca Luker ( born April 17 , 1961 ) is an American actress , singer , and recording artist who has appeared in several musical theatre productions on Broadway .
Pio Fedi ( 1815 - 1892 ) was an Italian sculptor who worked chiefly in the Romantic style .
Stefano Vagnini ( born 1963 ) is an Italian musician , composer , poet and Modular Art theorist who lives and brings his music around the world .
Rosalind Bengelsdorf Browne ( 1916 - -1979 ) was an American painter , art critic and educator .
Marcus Reichert ( born June 19 , 1948 ) is an American painter , poet , author , photographer , and film writer / director .
Josh Routh is a nationally recognized American circus performer , and a founding member of the comedic troop Brothers Kaputnik , Death By Tickle and Circus Kaput .
Craig Pruess ( born 1950 ) is an American composer , musician , arranger and gold & platinum record producer who has been living in Britain since 1973 .
Anais Pouliot ( born May 7 , 1991 , in Chicoutimi , Quebec ) is a Canadian model .
William Wells Brown ( circa 1814 -- November 6 , 1884 ) was a prominent African - American abolitionist lecturer , novelist , playwright , and historian in the United States .
Shelley Smith Mydans ( born Shelley Smith , May 20 , 1915 -- March 7 , 2002 ) was an American novelist , journalist and prisoner of war .
Richard Lovelace ( pronounced /lʌvlɪs/ , homophone of `` loveless '' ) was an English poet in the seventeenth century .
Roger Frappier is a Canadian producer , director , editor , actor , and screenwriter born April 14 , 1945 .
Fritz Bultman ( April 4 , 1919 -- July 20 , 1985 ) was an American Abstract expressionist painter , sculptor , and collagist and a member of the New York School of artists .
Nick Turner , sometimes credited as Nicky Turner , is a drummer that briefly played with The Raincoats and became a founding member of The Barracudas .
Mel Finkelstein was a Pulitzer Prize nominated photographer who rode the streets of New York City as a `` camera cowboy '' for more than 40 years working as a newspaper and freelance photographer .
Tony Gabaldon ( June 3 , 1930 -- January 3 , 1998 ) was a teacher and principal , who became a politician and was elected as Arizona state senator .
Karl Hermann Brunn ( August 1 , 1862 -- September 20 , 1939 ) was a German mathematician , known for his work in convex geometry ( see Brunn -- Minkowski inequality ) and in knot theory .
Thomas J. Katz is an American organic chemist , who is known for his experimental work with prisman , olefin metathesis , and enyne metathesis .
Leonid Pervomayskiy ( Ukrainian : Первомайський Леонід Соломонович , birth name : Ilya Shlyomovich ( Solomonovich ) Gurevich ) ( May 4/17 , 1908 -- December 9 , 1973 ) , was a Jewish - Ukrainian Soviet poet , winner of the Stalin Prize ( 1946 ) and member of CPSU since 1954 .
James Webbe ( by 1528 - 57 ) , of Devizes , Wiltshire , was an English politician .
Allie Light is an American film producer , film director and film editor .
Emma Romeu ( Havana ) is a writer and geographer who has dedicated her career to environmental journalism .
Mattie Montgomery is an American singer - songwriter best known as the lead vocalist and frontman in the Christian metalcore band For Today .
Pietro Lucatelli ( c. 1630-after 1690 ) was an Italian painter active during the Baroque period in Rome .
Dina Fanai ( born in New York City , New York ) is a singer , producer , songwriter and composer .
Lucius Aelius Stilo Praeconinus ( /ˈstaɪloʊ/ ; c. 154 -- 74 BC ) , of Lanuvium , is the earliest philologist of the Roman Republic .
Hugh T. Farley ( born November 26 , 1932 ) is an American lawyer , schoolteacher , professor and Republican politician from Schenectady County , New York .
Carla Azar is an American musician and member of the band Autolux .
Jimmy Yves Newman ( August 29 , 1927 -- June 21 , 2014 ) , better known as Jimmy C. Newman ( the C stands for Cajun ) , was an American country music and cajun singer - songwriter and long - time star of the Grand Ole Opry .
Peter Milton Walsh is an Australian singer - songwriter and guitarist best known for his band , The Apartments .
A. Rajagopal is a well - known Indian politician , social worker , Lawyer and former Member of the Legislative Assembly .
Bruno Tommaso ( born 1946 ) is an Italian jazz double - bass player and composer , the cousin of fellow double - bass player Giovanni Tommaso .
Ida Annah Ryan was a pioneering United States architect .
Charles Gibbons ( born July 21 , 1901 -- February 2 , 1968 ) was a U.S. politician who served as the Speaker of the Massachusetts House of Representatives from 1953 to 1955 as a Republican .
Quinn Duffy ( January 1 , 1970- ) is an American actor .
Thomas Cathern , Gadarn or Gatharne ( by 1519 - 65 or later ) , of Prendergast , Pembrokeshire , was a Welsh politician .
Juan Vicente Torrealba is a Venezuelan harpist and composer of popular music .
Walter Gibbons ( April 2 , 1954 - September 23 , 1994 ) was an American record producer , early disco DJ and remixer .
Edward Akrout is a Franco - British actor and artist .
Paola Turbay Gómez ( born November 29 , 1970 ) is a Colombian - American actress , model , beauty queen , and television presenter .
The Sisyphus Painter was an Apulian red - figure vase painter .
Keith Randolph Smith is an American Broadway , television , theater and film actor .
Mary Jane Russell was a successful New York - based American photographic fashion model between 1948 and 1961 .
Allan Blank ( December 27 , 1925 , New York City -- November 12 , 2013 , Bon Air , Virginia ) was an American composer who has more than 60 published works .
Jang Mi - ran ( born October 9 , 1983 ) is a South Korean Olympic weightlifter .
Aryan Rajesh , born Edara Aryan Rajesh , is an Indian film actor who stars in Tollywood films .
Jeremy Rall is an American music video director , photographer and independent film director .
John Nywaman ( fl . 1404 ) of Exeter , Devon , was an English politician .
Brother Alfred Brousseau , F.S.C. ( February 17 , 1907 - -May 31 , 1988 ) , was an educator , photographer and mathematician and was known mostly as a founder of the Fibonacci Association and as an educator .
Herbie Hide ( born Herbert Okechukwu Maduagwu ; 27 August 1971 ) is a British former professional boxer who held the WBO heavyweight title twice .
Manav Kaul ( born 1976 ) is an Indian theatre director , playwright , actor and film - maker .
Rosalie Ritz ( August 6 , 1923 -- April 18 , 2008 ) , born Rosalie Jane Mislove in Racine , Wisconsin , was an award - winning journalist and courtroom artist who covered major United States trials in the 1960s through the 1990s .
Ray Heindorf ( August 25 , 1908 -- February 3 , 1980 ) was an American songwriter , composer , conductor , and arranger .
Arthur Thomas Colten , known as Tom Colten ( October 21 , 1922 -- December 5 , 2004 ) , was a Louisiana newspaperman and politician from the 1950s to the 1990s who rose from a small - town mayoralty position to head his state 's Department of Transportation and Development under three governors from both parties .
Wendy Rahamut is a Trinidadian author , television personality and chef .
Formerly Reader at the University of Leeds , UK , Robert Olby is a historian of 19th and 20th century biology , his specialist fields being genetics and molecular biology .
Leib Yaffe ( Hebrew : אריה לייב יפה ‎ ) was a Hebrew poet , journalist and editor of Haaretz newspaper .
Dušan Rapoš ( born June 20 , 1953 in Moravany ) is a Slovak film director , screenwriter and composer .
Robert C. Bolles ( April 24 , 1928 -- April 8 , 1994 ) was an American psychologist and author who conducted work on experimental psychology .
Bob Utley has been a prolific writer throughout his lifetime .
Paul Casey Puckett ( born September 22 , 1972 ) is an American alpine skier who competed from 1990 to 2006 and freestyle skier who has competed since 2008 .
Scott Blasi ( born on August 24 , 1973 in Independence , KS ) is an American horse trainer .
Dan Mullen ( born April 27 , 1972 ) is an American football coach currently serving as the head coach of the Mississippi State Bulldogs .
Gilli Moon is an Australian Los Angeles based singer - songwriter .
Andronicus of Rhodes ( Greek : Ἀνδρόνικος ο Ρόδιος , Andrónikos o Rhódios ; Latin : Andronicus Rhodius ; fl . c. 60 BC ) was a Greek philosopher from Rhodes who was also the head ( scholarch ) of the Peripatetic school .
Georges Beauchemin ( June 17 , 1891 -- February 25 , 1957 ) was a Canadian singer and veterinarian , who released records for both the Starr and His Master 's Voice recording companies , as well as two recordings under the pseudonym Roger Mainville for the Duprex company .
Cheng Heng ( 1910 - -1996 ) was a Cambodian politician , who acted as the country 's Head of State from 1970 - -1971 , and was a relatively prominent political figure during the Khmer Republic period ( 1970 - -1975 ) .
Nebojša Golić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Небојша Голић ; born January 23 , 1977 in Banja Luka , SFR Yugoslavia ) is a former Bosnian Serb handball player .
Paul Tanner ( October 15 , 1917 -- February 5 , 2013 ) was an American musician and former member of the Glenn Miller Orchestra .
Franz Joseph Antony ( 1790 - -1837 ) was a choral composer .
Curro Savoy or Kurt Savoy ( born Francisco Rodríguez , Andújar , Jaén Province , 1948 ) is a Spanish musician specialised in whistling who lives currently in France .
The Honourable Albert Joseph Brown KC ( July 8 , 1861 -- November 16 , 1938 ) was a Canadian lawyer and politician .
Laurent Touil - Tartour ( born November 23 , 1971 ) is an award - winning French film director , screenwriter , producer .
Paul Duke ( October 16 , 1926 -- July 18 , 2005 ) was an American newspaper , radio and television journalist , best known for his 20-year stint as moderator of Washington Week in Review on PBS .
Samantha Dorrance is a British actress , singer and dancer from Willenhall in the West Midlands who reached fame on Disney Channel UK .
Elena Nikolaidi ( Greek : Έλενα Νικολαΐδη ; June 15 , 1909 -- November 14 , 2002 ) was a noted Greek - American opera singer and teacher .
Alixe Bovey is a Canadian medieval art historian and head of research at the Courtauld Institute of Art , a college of the University of London .
Bret Wolfe ( born May 21 , 1975 ) is an American porn star and actor .
Michael Harold Chapel is a former Gwinnett County Georgia police officer , who was convicted in the murder of 53-year - old Emogene Thompson outside a muffler shop on Peachtree Industrial Blvd . in Sugar Hill , Georgia .
Marcin of Urzędów ( Polish : Marcin z Urzędowa , ( ˈmart͡ɕin zuʐɛnˈdɔva ) ; ca . 1500 - -1573 ) was a Polish Roman Catholic priest , physician , pharmacist and botanist known especially for his Herbarz polski ( `` Polish Herbal '' ) .
Howard Zinn ( August 24 , 1922 -- January 27 , 2010 ) was an American historian , playwright , and social activist .
João Sayad ( born December 1 , 1945 ) is a Brazilian economist , professor of the Department of Economics , Management and Accounting of the University of Sao Paulo and former Secretary of Finance for the state of Sao Paulo .
James Arness ( May 26 , 1923 -- June 3 , 2011 ) was an American actor , best known for portraying Marshal Matt Dillon in the television series Gunsmoke for 20 years .
David Prescott Barrows ( June 27 , 1873 -- September 5 , 1954 ) was an American anthropologist , explorer , and educator .
David Salle ( born 1952 ) is an American painter , printmaker , and stage designer who helped define postmodern sensibility .
Myqerem Fuga was an Albanian politician and chair of the Executive Committee of Tirana from 1970 through 1973 .
Margaret Cox ( born 24 September 1963 ) is a former Irish politician and Senator .
Brian Hanley ( born 1974 ) is an Irish former hurler who played as a midfielder for the Athenry senior hurling team .
Paul Salveson is a five - time Grammy Award winning audio engineer .
Oleg Grabar ( November 3 , 1929 -- January 8 , 2011 ) was a French - born art historian and archeologist , who spent most of his career in the United States , as a leading figure in the field of Islamic art and architecture .
Kenneth Bruce Gorelick ( born June 5 , 1956 ) , better known by his stage name Kenny G , is an American saxophonist .
William Seaman Bainbridge ( February 17 , 1870 -- September 22 , 1947 ) was an American surgeon and gynecologist .
Marc Nieson ( born in Brooklyn , New York ) is an American screenwriter and professor .
Rim Banna ( Arabic : ريم بنا‎ ) , is a Palestinian singer , composer , arranger and activist , who is most known for her modern interpretations of traditional Palestinian songs and poetry .
Daria Iushko ( Ukrainian : Дарья Юшко , born 5 February 1985 ) is a Ukrainian synchronized swimmer who competed in the women 's duet at the 2004 , 2008 and 2012 Summer Olympics .
Yordan Mitkov ( Bulgarian : Йордан Митков , born April 3 , 1956 ) is a former Bulgarian weightlifter .
Josef Müller - Brockmann ( May 9 , 1914 -- August 30 , 1996 ) was a Swiss graphic designer and teacher .
Julie London ( born Gayle Peck ; September 26 , 1926 -- October 18 , 2000 ) was an American nightclub , jazz and pop singer , film and television actress and a former pinup model , whose career span five decades of television .
Zenodotus ( Greek : Ζηνόδοτος ) was a Greek grammarian , literary critic , Homeric scholar , and the first librarian of the Library of Alexandria .
Roh Ogura , 小倉 朗 , ( January 19 , 1916 - August 26 , 1990 ) was a Japanese composer and writer .
Amy Winfrey is an American animator , screenwriter , songwriter , director and voice actress .
Andrew Lowery ( born January 4 , 1970 ) is an American actor , screenwriter , and director , best known for playing `` Mack '' McGivern in the film School Ties and Matthew , the white cousin of Cree Summer 's character Freddie , on the television series A Different World .
Bruce Reitherman ( born September 15 , 1955 ) is an American filmmaker and former child actor .
Rev. Ransom Dunn , D.D. ( July 7 , 1818 -- November 9 , 1900 ) ( nickname : `` the Grand Old Man of Hillsdale '' ) was an American minister and theologian , prominent in the early Free Will Baptist movement in New England .
Adam Tedder is a British actor , singer - songwriter and multi - instrumentalist musician , working in stage , film , television and radio .
Ron Clark Ball ( born July 24 , 1959 ) is an American thriller and suspense novelist from McLean , Virginia , and the author of Falcon on the Tower ( 2007 ) , ISBN 978 - 0 - 615 - 14016 - 2 .
Michael G. Barbour ( born 1942 ) is a notable California botanist and ecologist .
Igor Lumpert ( born October 27 , 1975 in Novo Mesto , SFR Yugoslavia ) is a Slovene composer , jazz saxophonist .
Charles Henry Hardin ( July 15 , 1820 -- July 29 , 1892 ) was a politician and governor from Missouri , and one of the eight founders of Beta Theta Pi fraternity .
Stoya ( born June 15 , 1986 ) is an American pornographic actress , writer and model .
Edmund Waddill , Jr. ( May 22 , 1855 -- April 9 , 1931 ) was a U.S. Representative from Virginia , and later a United States federal judge .
Antonius Mathijsen ( November 4 , 1805 - -June 15 , 1878 ) was a Dutch army surgeon who first used plaster of paris to fixate broken bones .
Arif Ardabili was a medieval poet who is famous for being author of Farhadnameh .
Bernadette Sebage Rathedi is a Botswana diplomat and the Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the Republic of Botswana to Sweden , with concurrent accreditation to Russia , Iceland , Norway , Denmark , Finland and Ukraine .
John Jota Leaños is a socially conscious media artist , originally from Pomona , California .
Constantine Makris A.S.C. is a Greek - American cinematographer , television director and television producer who has mainly worked on Dick Wolf 's series .
Branko Pintarič ( born March 30 , 1967 ) is a Slovene writer , actor and theatrical organizer .
Thomas Duffet ( fl . 1673 -- 1676 ) , or Duffett , was an Irish playwright and songwriter active in England in the 1670s .
Saharet was an Australian dancer who made her New York City debut in February 1897 .
Kenneth Woods is an American conductor and cellist .
Ed Corbin is an American actor who is best known for his supporting roles in such films as To Protect and Serve ( 2001 ) , Chrystal ( 2004 ) , Trailer Park of Terror ( 2008 ) , and True Grit ( 2010 ) .
Raj Nidimoru and Krishna D.K. widely known as Raj and DK are an Indian film director - producer duo known for their works in modern Bollywood .
Maurice O'Brien ( born 28 September 1983 ) is a Limerick born senior hurler for Dublin and Faughs .
Janice Sarich ( born April 26 , 1958 in Edmonton , Alberta ) is a Canadian politician and current Member of the Legislative Assembly of Alberta representing the constituency of Edmonton - Decore as a Progressive Conservative .
Mauri Valtonen is a Finnish astronomer and professor at the University of Turku .
Shaun Shiller Fequiere , known by his stage name , Kangol Kid , or , alternatively , The Kangol Kid , is a Haitian - American hip hop producer , songwriter , break dancer , and emcee .
Andrew Litton ( born May 16 , 1959 , New York City ) is an American orchestral conductor .
Judy Valentine ( née Norma Baker ) , an American singer and actress , was born 1923 in Boston , Massachusetts .
Reev Robledo is a music composer , songwriter , teacher and author .
Caroline Fry ( December 31 , 1787 -- September 17 , 1846 ) , a British Christian writer , later Mrs Caroline Wilson , was born and died at Tunbridge Wells in Kent .
Rachel Nabors ( born March 9 , 1985 ) is an American cartoonist , artist , and graphic novelist , best known for her serialized comic , Rachel the Great , as well as her two graphic novels , 18 Revolutions and Crow Princess .
Dustin Majewski ( born August 16 , 1981 in Brenham , Texas ) is a former college and minor league baseball player .
Halina Birenbaum ( born 1929 ) is a Holocaust survivor , writer , poet , translator and activist .
Gachi Ferrari is an Argentine is a former model , actress and TV hostess , mostly for children - oriented audiences during the 1970s and 1980s .
Josh Ritter married Dawn Landes , a fellow musician , in Branson , Missouri on May 9 , 2009 .
Duncan MacLennan , better known by his stage name DCUP , is an Australian record producer , DJ and remixer .
Gerald Peters was a British film actor living in Marina Del Rey and working in the Hollywood film industry .
Graham Annable ( born June 1 , 1970 ) is an Oscar nominated cartoonist and animator living in Portland , Oregon .
Laura Garza is an American socialist politician , a garment worker and a member of UNITE HERE Local 187 .
Emerson Treacy ( September 17 , 1900 -- January 10 , 1967 ) was a film , Broadway , and radio actor .
Steve Jacobs is an Australian actor and film director who is married to actress and producer Anna Maria Monticelli .
Eleanor Lynette Lemaire ( born c.1951 ) , also known as Lyn Lemaire , is an American former triathlete and championship cyclist .
Alfredo Porzio ( August 31 , 1900 -- September 14 , 1976 ) was an Argentinian heavyweight professional boxer who competed in the 1920s .
Khadevis Robinson ( born July 19 , 1976 in Fort Worth , Texas ) is an American retired middle distance runner and currently coaches both the men 's and women 's cross country teams along with being an assistant track coach for the LSU Tigers and Lady Tigers .
Teddy Page ( akas : Ted Johnson , Irvin Johnson ) is a Filipino film director and occasional writer .
Dwight Isbell was a radio engineer , I.E.E.E antennas and propagation fellow , and co - inventor of the Log - periodic antenna while a student at the University of Illinois under Raymond DuHamel .
Anna Rostkowska ( née Zagórska ; born July 26 , 1980 in Lwówek Śląski ) is a Polish middle distance runner , who specialized in the 800 metres .
Grace C. Bibb ( 1842 - -1912 ) was a feminist and philosopher .
Daryl Kerrigan , known professionally as Daryl K ( born 2 April ) is an Irish born , fashion designer based in New York City
It is likely that Jean Danican Philidor was a composer of dance suites ; however , scholars are uncertain whether works signed `` Philidor le père '' are composed by Jean Danican , or his son André , who was also known as Philidor l'Ainé ( Philidor the elder ) .
Şükrü Kaya served as Minister of Agriculture , Minister of Foreign Affairs and Interior Minister in several cabinets between 1924 and 1938 .
Meshach Chambers ( December 23 , 1867 -- June 23 , 1920 ) was an English cricketer who played for Nottinghamshire .
Kathleen Clark is an American playwright whose plays include Southern Comforts , In the Mood , Secrets of a Soccer Mom , Banner .
Vinod Mathur ( bornNovember 11 , 1953 in Jaipur , Rajasthan ) is an Indian first - class cricketer who plays for Rajasthan cricket team form 1971 to 1985 .
Aamir Raza Husain ( born January 6 , 1957 ) is an Indian theatre actor and director , noted for his large outdoor stage productions like The Fifty Day War ( 2000 ) , based on the Kargil War and The Legend of Ram ( 2004 ) , based on the epic Ramayana .
Balázs Szegedy is a Hungarian mathematician whose research concerns combinatorics and graph theory .
Robert Dean Stockwell ( born March 5 , 1936 ) is an American actor of film and television , with a career spanning over 65 years .
Gunnar Madsen is an American composer and vocalist .
Cástulo Guerra ( born August 24 , 1945 ) is an Argentine actor who found success appearing in American films and television .
Latchman Bhansingh ( born 26 November 1966 ) is a former Guyanese Canadian cricketer .
Emese Danks is a Hungarian politician who served as spokeswoman of the Hungarian government from 1 August 2006 to 5 March 2007 .
John Bond Pearce ( 1843/4 -- 1903 ) was a 19th - century architect in Norwich , in the county of Norfolk , England .
Jean - Pierre Duport ( November 27 , 1741 -- December 31 , 1818 ) was a cellist of the late 18th and early 19th centuries .
William Lorge ( August 31 , 1960 ) is an American politician , farmer , and businessman .
Giovanni Maria Benzoni ( August 28 , 1809 -- April 28 , 1873 ) was an Italian neoclassical sculptor .
Siamak Yassemi ( Persian : سیامک یاسمی‎‎ ) is an Iranian mathematician .
Da - Hong Seetoo ( simplified Chinese : 司徒 达宏 ; traditional Chinese : 司徒 達宏 ; pinyin : Sītú Dáhóng ; born September 29 , 1960 ) is a classical record producer , recording engineer , and Violinist .
Wayne Wilderson ( born January 30 , 1966 ) is an American comedian and actor who has had guest spots on many successful television programs , including The Office , Seinfeld , Mr. Show , The Steve Harvey Show , Two and a Half Men , and The Big Bang Theory .
Stephen Darlington is a British choral director and conductor , and president of the Royal College of Organists from 1999 - 2001 .
Publius Villius Tappulus was a politician of the Roman Republic .
Maya Simantov ( Hebrew : מאיה סימנטוב‎ ) , also known as Maya , is an Israeli singer - songwriter , born and raised in Bat Yam to a Jewish family .
Policarpo `` Poli '' Díaz Arevalo ( born November 21 , 1967 ) , better known simply as Poli Díaz is a former professional boxer .
Saint Sæthryth ( Old English : Sǣþrȳð ; fl . 660s ) , also called Sedrido , Sethrida or Saethrid , was the stepdaughter of king Anna of East Anglia , who became a Benedictine nun at the abbey of Faremoutiers - en - Brie , Gaul under its foundress Saint Burgundofara , whom she succeeded as abbess .
Pandit Vishnu Narayan Bhatkhande ( August 10 , 1860 -- September 19 , 1936 ) was an Indian musicologist who wrote the first modern treatise on Hindustani Classical Music ( The north Indian variety of Indian classical music ) , an art which had been propagated earlier for a few centuries mostly through oral traditions .
Teresa Crippen ( born April 12 , 1990 ) is an American competition swimmer who was a Pan American Games gold medalist .
Pantelimon I. Sinadino was a Bessarabian politician of Greek descent .
Hermann Neubacher ( June 24 , 1893 -- July 1 , 1960 ) was an Austrian Nazi politician who held a number of diplomatic posts in the Third Reich .
Marie - Marthe Aldéa Landry , PC , CM , QC ( born December 27 , 1945 in Sainte - Cécile , New Brunswick ) is a Canadian politician , lawyer and public servant .
Kool DJ Red Alert ( born Frederick Crute in November 27 , 1956 ) is an American disc jockey who rose to fame on 98.7 Kiss - FM in New York City , and is recognized as a one of the founding fathers of hip hop music and culture .
Louis Albert Necker ( April 10 , 1786 -- November 20 , 1861 ) was a Swiss crystallographer and geographer .
Ira Hirsh ( February 22 , 1922 -- January 12 , 2010 ) was an American psychologist who made early contributions to the field of audiology .
Jiří Kulhánek ( born December 31 , 1967 ) is a popular Czech science fiction and fantasy writer .
Mariam Osman Sherifay is a Swedish politician , social activist , pre - school teacher and former member of parliament .
Leila Sansour is a film director who produced the film Jeremy Hardy vs. the Israeli Army ( 2003 ) , following the British comedian Jeremy Hardy and his travails during the siege of Bethlehem in 2002 .
Leonard Barr ( September 27 , 1903 -- November 22 , 1980 ) was an American stand - up comic and actor .
Eugeniusz Bodo ( born Bohdan Eugène Junod ; 1899 -- 1943 ) was a film director , producer and one of the most popular Polish actors and comedians of the inter - war period .
Helen Dowdy was a Broadway actress and singer who played the role of Queenie in the 1946 revival of Kern & Hammerstein 's Show Boat ( a role originally played by Tess Gardella in 1927 ) .
Takahisa Oguchi ( 小口貴久 born January 11 , 1979 ) is a Japanese luger who has competed since 1999 .
Suchanun Viratprasert ( Thai : สุชานัน วิรัชประเสริฐ ; born January 1 , 1983 ) is a Thai former professional tennis player .
Wolfgang Ziffer ( born October 26 , 1941 ) is a German voice actor and actor from Wuppertal .
Carol Duboc ( born in Kansas City , Missouri ) is a composer , jazz vocalist and actress .
Ergican Saydam ( born March 28 , 1929 , in İstanbul ; died December 21 , 2009 , in İstanbul ) was a Turkish pianist and piano pedagogue .
Frank John Bersbach , Sr . ( December 16 , 1888 - January 26 , 1929 ) was the vice president and general manager of the Manz Corporation .
Fred Burch is an American popular songwriter .
Kenichi Zenimura ( January 25 , 1900 -- November 13 , 1968 ) was a Japanese baseball player and manager , known as `` The Dean of the Diamond . ''
Joseph Élie Cholette was a Canadian politician , who represented the electoral district of Nipissing in the Legislative Assembly of Ontario from 1937 to 1943 .
Erias Lukwago ( Ssalongo ) is a Ugandan lawyer and politician .
Leona Edmiston is an Australian fashion designer based in Sydney .
Lisa Small is an American art historian and museum curator .
John McNicholl is a Northern Irish country singer .
Werner Kreindl ( October 20 , 1927 -- June 6 , 1992 ) was an Austrian television actor .
T. J. Bass , real name Thomas J. Bassler , MD ( July 7 , 1932 -- December 13 , 2011 ) was an American science fiction author and physician , having graduated from the University of Iowa in 1959 .
Gil Stratton Jr. ( June 2 , 1922 -- October 11 , 2008 ) was an actor and sportscaster who was born in Brooklyn , New York .
John Williams Gunnison ( November 11 , 1812 -- October 26 , 1853 ) was an American military officer and explorer .
Jaco Visser is a South African rugby league player who represented his country in the 1995 World Cup , playing in one match .
Jason Aronson is an American publisher of books in the field of psychotherapy .
To - wen Tseng ( traditional Chinese : 曾多聞 ; simplified Chinese : 曾多闻 ) is a Chinese American journalist , children 's book writer , and breastfeeding advocate .
Abul Hasan Ali ibn Julugh Farrukhi Sistani ( Persian : ابوالحسن علی بن جولوغ فرخی سیستانی‎ ) ( died 1037 ) was a 10th- and 11th - century Persian royal poet of Ghaznavids .
Doro Levi ( 1899 -- 1991 ) was an archaeologist who practiced in the Mediterranean countries in the 20th century .
Adeline Dutton Train Whitney ( September 15 , 1824 -- March 20 , 1906 ) was an American poet and prolific writer who published more than 20 books for girls .
Alex Jolig ( born Alexander Jolig on January 17 , 1963 in Stuttgart ) , better known by his stage name Alex , is a German actor , singer and motorcycle racer .
Pat Devine is a radical economist concerned mainly with industrial economics and comparative economic systems .
Kurt Kreuger ( July 23 , 1916 -- July 12 , 2006 ) was a Swiss - reared German actor .
Otto Albert Tichý ( August 14 , 1890 -- October 21 , 1973 ) was a Czech composer , teacher and organist .
Yaron Svoray is an Israeli former police detective , author , and lecturer , most notable for his work against Neo - Nazis .
Mara Escalante ( born c. 1968 ) is a Mexican actress , comedian and singer , best known as the star of the Televisa sitcom Maria de todos los angeles , in which she portrays three roles , including the title role .
William Ferdinand Alphonse Turgeon , OC PC ( June 3 , 1877 -- January 11 , 1969 ) was a Canadian politician and judge in the Province of Saskatchewan .
Armando Valladares Perez ( born May 30 , 1937 ) is a Cuban poet , diplomat , and human rights activist .
Tom Wilber is an American journalist and public speaker who specializes in environmental issues .
Helene Maimann ( born in Vienna ) is an Austrian historian , author , filmmaker and exhibition organizer .
Luis Hernando Gómez Bustamante ( born March 14 , 1958 ) is a Colombian drug trafficker for the Norte del Valle Cartel , who was arrested in 2004 and , on July 19 , 2007 transported for extradition to the United States on charges of money laundering and drug smuggling .
Marianne Jahn ( born 1942 ) is an Austrian alpine skier and world champion .
Monique Ohsan Bellepeau was a journalist and a news announcer on the national TV channel , the Mauritius Broadcasting Corporation .
Martin H. Williams is an American forensic psychologist .
Nancy Sweetnam ( born August 14 , 1973 ) is a Canadian former competition swimmer who swam primarily in medley events .
Michael Gartner ( born October 25 , 1938 , in Des Moines , Iowa ) is an American journalist and businessman .
Jonathan Morgan Heit ( born July 16 , 2000 ) is an American teen actor known for his role in the Adam Sandler film , Bedtime Stories , where he played Patrick .
Rev. Dr. Kwabena Darko ( born October 23 , 1942 ) is an entrepreneur , minister of religion and former politician .
French - born chef Roland Passot , owner of La Folie and the more casual , Left Bank Brasseries , was named one of `` the eight wonders of Bay Area dining '' by San Francisco Chronicle lead critic Michael Bauer .
Gavin Clydesdale Reid is a Scottish economist and past President of the Scottish Economic Society ( 1999 - -2002 ) .
Johnny Desmond ( November 14 , 1919 -- September 6 , 1985 ) , born Giovanni Alfredo De Simone , was an American popular music singer .
Francis Cosmo Migliaccio ( born October 17 , 1956 ) , known as Fran Cosmo , is an American musician best known as a former lead singer of the bands Boston and Orion the Hunter .
Henry de Botebrigge or Henry of Budbridge ( died c.1331 ) was a 13th-14th century abbot in the Isle of Wight .
Samuel Torres ( born September 4 , 1976 ) is a Colombian percussionist composer and arranger .
S.A. Ramadas ( also spelled as S.A. Ramdas ) is an Indian politician .
Nancy Van de Vate ( born December 30 , 1930 ) is an American - born composer living in Austria .
Gajanan Jagirdara ( 1907 - -1988 ) was a veteran Indian film director , screenwriter and actor .
Homemade TV is a Canadian children 's television series which aired on CBC Television from 1976 to 1977 .
Republic of Doyle is a Canadian comedy - drama television series set in St. John 's , Newfoundland and Labrador which aired on CBC Television from January 6 , 2010 to December 10 , 2014 .
Fashion Police is an American television series that premiered on September 10 , 2010 , on E!.
America 's Funniest Home Videos ( often simply abbreviated to AFHV or its on - air abbreviation AFV ) is an American reality television program on the American Broadcasting Company ( ABC ) , which features humorous homemade videos that are submitted by viewers .
What Should You Do ? is an American reality series that aired on Lifetime from April 2003 to January 2004 .
Euchirinae is a subfamily of Scarabaeidae or scarab beetles in the superfamily Scarabaeoidea .
The Klamath Lake sculpin ( Cottus princeps ) is a species of fish in the Cottidae family .
Jurabuprestis karatauensis is a fossil species of beetle in the family Buprestidae , the only species in the genus Jurabuprestis .
Flat - headed loach ( Oreonectes platycephalus ) is a species of ray - finned fish in the genus Oreonectes .
The Salgir gudgeon ( Gobio krymensis ) is a species of gudgeon , a small freshwater fish in the Cyprinidae family .
Maksymilian Małkowiak ( September 26 , 1922 in Gniezno -- September 6 , 2009 ) was a Polish field hockey player who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics .
Aziza Abdelfattah ( born 8 December 1990 ) is an Egyptian synchronized swimmer who competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics .
Gábor Bodó ( 5 August 1941 - 2011 ) was Hungarian volleyball player who competed in 1964 Summer Olympics .
Kenji Fujinaka ( born 28 November 1947 ) is a Japanese former handball player who competed in the 1976 Summer Olympics .
Johann Tauscher ( 31 March 1909 -- 21 January 1979 ) was an Austrian field handball player who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics .
Alan Tsagaev ( Bulgarian spelling of name : Алан Цагаев ) ( born September 13 , 1977 ) is a naturalized Bulgarian weightlifter of Ossetian origin who competed in the Men 's 105 kg weight class at the 2000 Summer Olympics and won a silver medal , lifting 422.5 kg in total .
Tadeusz Kraus played for Czechoslovakia national team ( scoring 6 goals in 23 matches ) and was a participant at the two World Cups , 1954 FIFA World Cup and 1958 FIFA World Cup .
Georges Mys ( 26 March 1880 -- 7 November 1952 ) was an rower who competed in the 1908 Summer Olympics for Belgium .
Cheung Yi Nei ( born 20 November 1973 ) is a fencer from Hong Kong , who won a bronze medal at the 2006 Asian Games in the women 's épée team competition .
Volodymyr Kravchenko ( Ukrainian : Володимир Кравченко ; born 22 December 1969 ) is a Ukrainian triple jumper , best known for placing tenth at the 1996 Summer Olympics .
Leonidas Sabanis ( sometimes spelled Leonidas Sampanis Greek : Λεωνίδας Σαμπάνης ) is a Greek retired weightlifter , who represented Greece in 1996 , 2000 and 2004 Summer Olympics .
Kazumi Nakamura ( Japanese : 中村 和美 ; born February 24 , 1971 ) is a Japanese former volleyball player who competed in the 1992 Summer Olympics and in the 1996 Summer Olympics .
Kirsten Thomson ( born 27 September 1983 ) is an Australian middle distance freestyle swimmer who won a silver medal in the 4×200-metre freestyle relay at the 2000 Summer Olympics .
Gaspare Torretta ( 1883 -- July 5 , 1910 ) was an Italian athlete who competed in the 1906 Summer Olympics and in the 1908 Summer Olympics .
In the 2008 Summer Olympics , Ai Ueda took 17th in women 's triathlon .
Ariane Schneider ( born 12 March 1985 ) is a Swiss synchronized swimmer who competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics .
Aleksandr Borisovich Savin ( Russian : Александр Борисович Савин , born July 1 , 1957 ) is a Russian former volleyball player who competed for the Soviet Union in the 1976 Summer Olympics and in the 1980 Summer Olympics .
Erwin Stricker ( 15 August 1950 in Mattighofen -- 28 September 2010 in Bozen ) was an Italian alpine skier who competed in the 1972 Winter Olympics and 1976 Winter Olympics .
Donna and Joseph McCaul ( born 30 May 1984 and 1989 , respectively ) , also known as The McCauls , are a brother and sister musical duo who represented Ireland in the Eurovision Song Contest 2005 in Ukraine .
On international level , Ahmed Faras took part in the 1970 FIFA World Cup in Mexico and 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich , before leading his team the African Cup of Nations success in 1976 .
Roberto Anderson is a field hockey player , who competed for Argentina at the 1948 Summer Olympics , he played in all three group games , scoring one goal against Spain .
Katrin Krüger ( later Katrin Mietzner , born April 10 , 1959 in Groß Schönebeck , Barnim ) is a former East German handball player who competed in the 1980 Summer Olympics .
Henrietta Ebert ( born January 15 , 1954 ) is a German rower , who won the gold medal at the 1976 Summer Olympics and was a member of the SC Dynamo Potsdam .
Carlos Lillo ( born October 2 , 1915 , date of death unknown ) was a Chilean boxer , who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics .
George Kalovelonis ( born 23 August 1959 in Athens ) is a former tennis player from Greece , who represented his native country as a lucky loser at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul .
Sandro Lopopolo was considered as a hometown favorite for the lightweight division Olympic boxing title at the 1960 Summer Olympics in Rome where he won the silver medal .
Timothy Lee Dement , known as Tim Dement ( born March 14 , 1955 ) , is an American former amateur boxer who competed at the 1972 Summer Olympics .
Alberto Elli ( Giussano , March 9 , 1964 ) is a former Italian road racing cyclist , who wore the yellow jersey for 4 days in the 2000 Tour de France .
Agnes Geraghty ( November 26 , 1907 -- March 1 , 1974 ) , also known by her married name Agnes McAndrews , was an American competition swimmer who represented the United States at the 1924 Summer Olympics and 1928 Summer Olympics .
Thomas Knuths ( born 31 August 1958 in Schwäbisch Gmünd ) is a German former diver who competed in the 1980 Summer Olympics .
Anna Szántó ( born November 24 , 1966 in Mátészalka ) is a former Hungarian handball player who competed in the 1996 Summer Olympics , where she collected the bronze medal with the Hungarian team .
François de Coninck ( 9 August 1902 -- ? ) was a Belgian rower who won a bronze medal in the coxed pairs at the 1928 Summer Olympics .
Hiroshi Nagata ( Japanese : 永田 寛 , born 1907 ) was a Japanese field hockey player who competed in the 1932 Summer Olympics .
Ernestine Lebrun ( born 1906 , date of death unknown ) was a French freestyle swimmer who competed in the 1920 Summer Olympics and in the 1924 Summer Olympics .
Ernst Pistulla ( born November 28 , 1906 in Goslar -- September 14 , 1944 ) was a German boxer who competed in the 1928 Summer Olympics .
Simon Qamunga ( born November 20 , 1967 ) is a Tanzanian long - distance runner who represented his country in the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta , Georgia .
Irene Schmidt is a retired Dutch table tennis player who competed at the 1972 , 1976 and 1980 Summer Paralympics in the individual and team events .
Ernst Sigfrid Lundberg ( 15 February 1895 -- 19 May 1979 ) was a Swedish cyclist who competed at the 1920 Summer Olympics .
Maurizia Cecconi ( born 12 April 1975 ) is an Italian former synchronized swimmer who competed in the 1996 Summer Olympics and in the 2000 Summer Olympics .
Olga Lemhényi - Tass ( born 29 March 1929 in Pécs ) is a Hungarian former gymnast who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics , in the 1952 Summer Olympics , in the 1956 Summer Olympics , and in the 1960 Summer Olympics .
Eleftheria Ftouli ( born 4 July 1981 ) is a Greek former synchronized swimmer who competed in the women 's duet at the 2004 Summer Olympics .
Madeleine Hogan ( born 8 December 1988 ) is a Paralympian athlete from Australia competing mainly in category F42/F46 javelin throw events . She has won bronze medals at the 2008 Summer Paralympics and 2012 Summer Paralympics .
Henrik Hajós ( later Guttmann , July 21 , 1886 -- December 30 , 1963 ) was a Hungarian freestyle swimmer who competed in the 1906 Summer Olympics and in the 1908 Summer Olympics .
Together with Alice , Franco Battiato represented Italy at the Eurovision Song Contest 1984 with the song `` I treni di Tozeur '' .
Ryszard Staniek was a member of the Polish national team at the 1992 Summer Olympics .
Pedro Massana ( born 19 December 1923 ) is a retired Spanish rower who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics .
Shuichi Yoneshige ( born 24 June 1961 ) is a Japanese former long - distance runner who competed in the 1988 Summer Olympics .
Joseph De Combe ( 19 June 1901 -- 1965 ) was a Belgian swimmer and water polo player who competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics , 1928 Summer Olympics and 1936 Summer Olympics .
Li Guojie ( born 15 October 1985 in Chengdu , Sichuan ) is a Chinese épée fencer , who competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics and the 2012 Summer Olympics .
Elis Wiklund ( 12 December 1909 -- 15 March 1982 ) was a Swedish cross - country skier who won the 50 km race at the 1934 FIS Nordic World Ski Championships and 1936 Winter Olympics .
Graham Sykes ( 20 July 1937 -- 26 November 2008 ) was an English competitive swimmer who represented Great Britain in the 1956 Summer Olympics and 1960 Summer Olympics .
A. Wilcocks was a Cornish rugby union player who competed in the 1908 Summer Olympics at White City Stadium , London .
Lance Brooks ( born January 1 , 1984 ) is an American national champion discus thrower who also competed in the 2012 Summer Olympics .
Carsten Keller ( born on 8 September 1939 ) is a former field hockey player from West - Germany , who won a gold medal for his native country at the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich .
Aldair won a bronze medal at the 1996 Summer Olympics , and was part of the Brazilian team that won the 1997 FIFA Confederations Cup .
Yoko Kagabu ( Japanese : 利部 陽子 ; born October 28 , 1960 ) is a Japanese former volleyball player who competed in the 1984 Summer Olympics .
Alois Kratzer ( born 27 May 1907 , date of death unknown ) was a German ski jumper who competed in the 1928 Winter Olympics at St. Moritz .
Roseanne Allen ( 7 March 1954 -- 20 June 2009 ) was a Canadian cross - country skier who competed in the 1972 Winter Olympics .
Taeko Oyama ( 大山妙子 , born 18 June 1974 ) is a Japanese former basketball player who competed in the 1996 Summer Olympics and in the 2004 Summer Olympics .
Kuunkuiskaajat /kuːn.kuˈi skaːjat/ ( `` Moonwhisperers '' ) is a Finnish female folk duo made up of Värttinä members Susan Aho and Johanna Virtanen , that represented Finland in the Eurovision Song Contest 2010 with the song `` Työlki ellää '' .
Yevhen Zyukov ( born 31 May 1978 ) is an Ukrainian sprinter who competed in the 2000 Summer Olympics and in the 2004 Summer Olympics .
Zhuang Xiaoyan ( 荘暁岩 ; born 4 May 1969 ) is a Chinese judo coach , former international judo champion , and winner of the gold medal for judo in the women 's + 72 kg ( heavyweight ) division at the 1992 Summer Olympics .
Pascal Lefèvre ( born January 25 , 1965 in Saint - Quentin ) is a retired javelin thrower from France , who competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul , South Korea but did not reach the final .
Werner Peter ( born 25 May 1950 in Sandersdorf ) is a former football player from East Germany , who won the silver medal with the East German national team at the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow , Soviet Union .
Guilherme Oliveira also known as Gui ( born 8 January 1985 ) is a Brazilian handball player who competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics .
Awa Guèye ( born 31 August 1978 in Dakar ) is a Senegalese former basketball player for the Senegal women 's national basketball team who competed in the 2000 Summer Olympics .
Olga Shatylo ( born August 12 , 1984 ) is a Ukrainian Paralympic volleyballist who won a bronze medal at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in sitting volleyball competition .
Jacques Esclassan ( born 3 September 1948 ) is a French former road bicycle racer who won the green jersey in the 1977 Tour de France .
Joann Lõssov ( September 10 , 1921 in Tallinn -- August 3 , 2000 in Tallinn ) was an Estonian basketball player who competed for the Soviet Union in the 1952 Summer Olympics .
Žarko Vekić ( Serbian : Жарко Векић , born May 1 , 1967 ) is a Serbian sprint canoer who competed as an Independent Olympic Participant at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona .
Madonna Blyth ( born 30 November 1985 ) is an Australian field hockey player who competed in the 2008 and 2012 Summer Olympics .
Abolghasem Sakhdari ( Persian : ابولقاسم سخدری‎‎ , born in Neishabour , Iran ) was a former Iranian wrestler who competed at the 1948 Summer Olympics where he finished 5th .
Dimitri Dragin ( born 2 December 1984 in Le Havre , France ) is a French judoka who competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics in the men 's extra lightweight division .
Konstantin Ushkov ( Russian : Константин Ушков ; born August 2 , 1977 ) is a retired butterfly swimmer from Russia , who won silver medal at the 1996 Summer Olympics in freestyle relay .
A substitute at the Euro 2000 tournament , Pauleta led the Portuguese attack at the 2002 FIFA World Cup , scoring a hat - trick against Poland and ending with that tally in as many games , as the nation was ousted in the group stage .
Alexandra Coletti ( born in August 8 , 1983 in La Colle , Monaco ) is a Monégasque alpine skier who competed for Monaco in the 2006 Winter Olympics .
Ramon Sandin , also known as Guy Sandin , ( born 9 January 1970 ) is a native of Puerto Rico who competed in the diving competitions at the 1996 Summer Olympics held in the United States at Atlanta , Georgia , representing his native island .
Melcior Mauri Prat ( born 8 April 1966 in Vic ) is a Spanish retired cyclist who won the 1991 Vuelta a España .
João Campos ( born 22 September 1958 in Albufeira ) is a Portuguese former middle - distance runner who competed in the 1980 Summer Olympics and in the 1984 Summer Olympics .
José Antonio Casilla Cortés ( born August 29 , 1979 in Reus , Tarragona ) is a Spanish volleyball player who represented his native country at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney , Australia .
Sohen Biln ( June 17 , 1939 -- March 27 , 2012 ) was a Canadian rower who competed in the 1958 Commonwealth Games and 1960 Summer Olympics .
Ashley Higginson ( born March 17 , 1989 ) is an American middle distance runner who has made the U.S. team for the 2013 World Championships in Athletics in the 3000 meter steeplechase .
The following year in Lake Placid at the 1980 Winter Olympics , Sylvie Daigle finished 19th in the 500-metre .
Viktor Markov ( Russian : Виктор Марков ) was a sailor from Russia , who represented his country at the 1912 Summer Olympics in Nynäshamn , Sweden in the 8 Metre .
Hans Cattini ( b. January 24 , 1914 in Grono , Switzerland - d. April 2 , 1987 in Lausanne , Switzerland ) was a Swiss ice hockey player who competed in the 1936 Winter Olympics and 1948 Winter Olympics .
Ivanka Petrova - Stoycheva ( Bulgarian : Иванка Петрова-Стойчева ; born February 3 , 1951 in Pernik ) is a retired track and field shot putter from Bulgaria , best known for competing at the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow , USSR .
Robin Megraw ( born 9 August 1950 ) is a Canadian former soccer player who competed at the 1976 Summer Olympics .
On 26 July 2012 , Neymar scored his first goal of the 2012 Summer Olympics in Brazil 's opening fixture against Egypt , which ended a 3 - -2 victory for Brazil .
Gottlieb Hering ( 2 June 1887 -- 9 October 1945 ) was an SS - Hauptsturmführer ( captain ) who served in Action T4 and later as the second and last commandant of Bełżec extermination camp during Operation Reinhard .
Mbarika Fall ( born 9 December 1970 in Saint - Louis , Senegal ) is a Senegalese former basketball player who competed in the 2000 Summer Olympics .
Edith Dorothy Holman ( 18 July 1883 -- 1968 ) was a British tennis player who competed in the 1920 Summer Olympics .
Marsha Cox ( née Marescia ; born 13 January 1983 in Durban , KwaZulu - Natal ) is a field hockey player from South Africa , who was a member of the national squad that finished 9th at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens .
Hermenegildo Alberti ( born 27 February 1925 ) is an Argentine athlete who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics in the 400 m hurdles and the 4 x 400 m relay , in both events he finished 3rd in the first round and failed to advance .
Harold Clarke ( 1888 -- March 11 , 1969 in Christchurch , Canterbury , New Zealand ) was a British diver who competed in the 1908 Summer Olympics , in the 1920 Summer Olympics , and in the 1924 Summer Olympics .
Alena Chadimová ( born 22 November 1931 in Olomouc ) is a Czech former gymnast who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics .
Wolfgang Güldenpfennig ( born 20 December 1951 ) is a retired East German rower who competed at the 1972 and 1976 Summer Olympics .
Eating Us is the fourth album by Pennsylvania based band Black Moth Super Rainbow released on May 26 , 2009 on the CD format .
`` Wonderful Night '' is a song by English big beat musician Fatboy Slim , released as a single from his album Palookaville .
`` ( Always Be My ) Sunshine '' is a hip hop song by American rapper Jay Z with guest vocals from fellow femcee Foxy Brown and R&B singer - songwriter Babyface who performs the song 's chorus .
`` If God Will Send His Angels '' is the fifth single from U2 's 1997 album , Pop , released on 8 December 1997 .
Supersymetriya ( Ukrainian : Суперсиметрія ) is a studio album by the Ukrainian alternative rock band Okean Elzy released in 2003 .
Ahu Türkpençe was born in Samsun on the Black Sea coast .
Aksel Larsen was born as the fourth child of a clog maker in Brændekilde ( now part of Odense Municipality ) in 1897 .
Davy Brouwers ( born 3 February 1988 in Waterschei , Genk ) is a Belgian professional footballer who currently plays as a winger for KSV Roeselare in the Belgian Second Division .
Jai West ( ジェイ・ウエスト ) is an actor , poet of French Canadian and Japanese descent born in Vancouver , British Columbia and currently based in Tokyo , Japan .
Terentiy Lutsevich ( Russian : Терентий Луцевич ; to January 2013 his name was Tsyenchen Vabha ; Belarusian : Цьенчэн Вабга ; Russian : Тьенчен Вобга ; born 19 April 1991 in Douala , Cameroon ) is a Belarusian professional football player from Cameroonian descent , currently playing for Granit Mikashevichi .
H. Boyd Brown ( born October 27 , 1986 ) is a former Democratic member of the South Carolina House of Representatives from Fairfield County , South Carolina .
Vasilis Papageorgopoulos ( Greek : Βασίλης Παπαγεωργόπουλος ; born June 27 , 1947 ) is a retired Greek sprinter , former mayor of Thessaloniki .
Eleazar Alexander Juárez Sarabia ( born 11 March 1969 in Nacaome ) is a Honduran doctor and politician , he currently serves as deputy of the National Congress of Honduras representing the Liberal Party of Honduras for Valle .
Scott W. Boyd is a former Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives for the 43rd District who was first elected in 2002 .
Louis Terhar ( born September 28 , 1949 ) is a Republican member of the Ohio House of Representatives , representing the 30th district since his appointment in 2011 .
Raimonds Vējonis ( born June 15 , 1966 ) is the current President of Latvia , in office since 2015 .
Alphonsus Mathias ( born 22 June 1928 in Pangala , India ) is a Roman Catholic archbishop .
Otto Weinkamm ( 13 February 1902 -- 27 January 1968 ) was the mayor of Augsburg , Germany , in 1946 .
James George Janos ( born July 15 , 1951 ) , better known by his stage name Jesse Ventura , is an American former professional wrestler , actor , political commentator , author , naval veteran , and politician who served as the 38th Governor of Minnesota from 1999 to 2003 .
Giovanni Canestri ( 30 September 1918 -- 29 April 2015 ) was an Italian Catholic cardinal , who served as Archbishop of Cagliari from 1984 until 1987 and as Archbishop of Genoa from 1987 until 1995 .
Nam Duck - woo ( 22 April 1924 -- 18 May 2013 ) was the Prime Minister of South Korea from 1980 to 1982 .
Philippe Fanoko Kossi Kpodzro ( born 30 March 1930 in Tomégbé ) is a Togolese Roman Catholic bishop .
Erhard Krack ( 9 January 1931 -- 13 December 2000 ) was an East German politician and mayor of East Berlin from 1974 to 1990 .
François Duvalier ( French pronunciation : ​(fʁɑ̃swa dyvalje ) ; 14 April 1907 -- 21 April 1971 ) , also known as Papa Doc , was the President of Haiti from 1957 to 1971 .
Gregory the Elder , or Gregory of Nazianzus the Elder , ( c. 276 -- 374 ) was the bishop of the see of Nazianzus in Roman province of Cappadocia .
Giovanni Galbaio was the eighth Doge of Venice ( 787 - -804 ) according to tradition , but only the sixth historically verifiable one .
John Warner Fitzgerald ( November 14 , 1924 - -July 7 , 2006 ) was an American lawyer , member of the Michigan Senate , and justice ( and later chief justice ) of the Michigan Supreme Court .
Miguel Abia Biteo Boricó ( 1961 -- December 6 , 2012 ) was a former Prime Minister of Equatorial Guinea having served from June 14 , 2004 , to August 14 , 2006 .
Silvio Berlusconi ( Italian pronunciation : ( ˈsilvjo berluˈskoːni ) ; born 29 September 1936 ) is an Italian media tycoon and politician who served as Prime Minister of Italy in four governments .
Mike Jaros was a Democratic Farmer Labor Party member of the Minnesota House of Representatives , representing District 7B from 1984 to 2009 .
Henri - Marie Dubreil de Pontbriand ( c. January 1708 -- 8 June 1760 ) , who became the sixth bishop of Roman Catholic diocese of Quebec , was from a titled family and grew up at the Pontbriand château , ( dept . of Ille - et - Vilaine ) , France .
Leo Fabian Fahey ( July 21 , 1898 -- March 31 , 1950 ) was an American prelate of the Roman Catholic Church who served as coadjutor bishop of the Diocese of Baker City , Oregon from 1948 until his death in 1950 .
K. V. Thangkabalu ( born 15 March 1950 ) is a former member of the Lok Sabha of India .
Sir Henry Halford Vaughan , or Halford Vaughan ( 27 August 1811 -- 19 April 1885 ) was an English historian , Regius Professor of History at Oxford University , 1848 - 1858 .
G. Michael Brown is a former New Jersey gaming regulator who became a lawyer for the gaming industry , and was the chief executive officer of Foxwoods High Stakes Bingo & Casino .
Kirk Profit is a former member of the Michigan House of Representatives who is now a lobbyist with the firm Governmental Consultant Services .
Bernard Deshaies ( born 11 December 1953 , in Amos , Quebec ) was a member of the House of Commons of Canada from 1993 to 1997 .
Alfred Gilpin Jones , PC ( September 28 , 1824 -- March 15 , 1906 ) was a Canadian businessman , politician , and eighth Lieutenant Governor of Nova Scotia .
Ascensión Esquivel Ibarra ( May 10 , 1844 in Rivas , Nicaragua -- April 15 , 1923 ) was a Nicaraguan - born President of Costa Rica from 1902 to 1906 .
Laura Chinchilla Miranda ( Spanish : ( ˈlawɾa tʃinˈtʃiʎa miˈɾanda ) ; born 28 March 1959 ) is a Costa Rican politician who was President of Costa Rica from 2010 to 2014 .
Michael William Warfel ( born September 16 , 1948 ) is an American prelate of the Roman Catholic Church serving as the seventh and current bishop of the Diocese of Great Falls - Billings , Montana .
Thomas of Corbridge ( sometimes Thomas Corbridge ; died 1304 ) was Archbishop of York between 1299 and 1304 .
Sarekoppa Bangarappa ( 26 October 1933 -- 26 December 2011 ) was an Indian politician who was the 12th Chief Minister of Karnataka from 1990 to 1992 .
Chun Doo - hwan ( Korean pronunciation : ( tɕʌnduhwan ) born 18 January 1931 ) is a former South Korean army general who served as the leader of South Korea from 1979 to 1988 , ruling as an unelected leader from December 1979 to September 1980 , and the fifth President of South Korea from 1980 to 1988 .
George Davys ( 1780 - -1864 ) was an English cleric , tutor to Victoria of the United Kingdom , and later Bishop of Peterborough .
Gretchen Driskell ( born October 1 , 1958 ) is a Democratic member of the Michigan House of Representatives representing the 52nd District .
Gabriel Slaughter ( December 12 , 1767 -- September 19 , 1830 ) was the seventh Governor of Kentucky and was the first person to ascend to that office upon the death of the sitting governor .
François - Louis de Pourroy de Lauberivière ( June 16 , 1711 -- August 20 , 1740 ) was the fifth bishop of the diocese of Quebec ( 1739 - -1740 ) .
Nasir - ud - Din Muhammad Shah , Nasir - ud - Din Muhammad Shah Irkhwaz , Abu Al - Fatah Nasir - ud - Din Roshan Akhtar Muhammad Shah ( 17 August 1702 -- 26 April 1748 ) , ( محمد شاه ) was the Mughal emperor between 1719 and 1748 .
Brian Doughty is a former member of the Utah House of Representatives , representing the 30th District in Salt Lake County .
Phelps Phelps ( May 4 , 1897 -- June 10 , 1981 ) , born Phelps von Rottenburg , was an American politician who held a number of offices in New York before becoming the 38th Governor of American Samoa and the United States Ambassador to the Dominican Republic .
Ignazio Corrao ( born 14 January 1984 ) is an Italian politician for the Five Star Movement who since 2014 is a member of the European Parliament .
Max Marlin Fitzwater ( born November 24 , 1942 ) was White House Press Secretary for six years under presidents Ronald Reagan and George H. W. Bush , making him one of the longest - serving press secretaries in history .
David R. Kessler is a Democratic politician and former member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives for the 130th legislative district .
James E. Ross is a former Democratic member of the Pennsylvania State Senate , serving from 1973 to 1990 .
Giovanni dei Conti di Segni ( died June 14 , 1213 ) was an Italian cardinal and cardinal - nephew of Pope Innocent III , his cousin , who elevated him in 1200 with the deaconry of Santa Maria in Cosmedin .
Stephen Decatur Miller ( May 8 , 1787 -- March 8 , 1838 ) was an American politician , who served as the 52nd Governor of South Carolina from 1828 to 1830 .
Hans von Friebeis was a mayor of Vienna .
Zhou Enlai ( Chinese : 周恩来 ; Wade -- Giles : Chou En - lai ; 5 March 1898 -- 8 January 1976 ) was the first Premier of the People 's Republic of China , serving from October 1949 until his death in January 1976 .
Yvon Lafrance ( born August 4 , 1944 in Iberville , Quebec ) , is a politician in Quebec , Canada , and was the Member of the National Assembly for the electoral district of Iberville .
Robert C. White ( born 1953 ) is a career police officer and the current chief of police of the Denver Police Department , Denver , Colorado .
M. J. Cleary ( September 23 , 1877 - February 23 , 1947 ) was a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly and President of the Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance Company .
John Patrick Boles ( January 21 , 1930 -- October 9 , 2014 ) was an American Roman Catholic titular bishop of Nova Sparsa and auxiliary bishop of the Archdiocese of Boston , Massachusetts .
Antonio Sanseverino ( died 1543 ) was an Italian Roman Catholic cardinal and bishop .
Michael James Dempsey , OP ( February 12 , 1912 -- March 19 , 1996 ) was an American - born bishop of the Catholic Church .
Luis María Martínez y Rodríguez ( June 9 , 1881 -- February 9 , 1956 ) was the Catholic archbishop of Mexico and a member of the Academia Mexicana de la Lengua ( `` Mexican Language Academy '' ) .
Luigi d'Este ( 21 December 1538 -- 30 December 1586 ) was an Italian Catholic cardinal , the second of the five children of Ercole II d'Este , Duke of Modena and Ferrara , and Renée , daughter of Louis XII of France .
Jim Nance McCord ( March 17 , 1879 -- September 2 , 1968 ) was an American journalist and politician who served as Governor of Tennessee from 1945 to 1949 , and was a member of the U.S. House of Representatives from 1943 to 1945 .
Clark Daniel Stearns ( 1870 -- May 25 , 1944 ) was the ninth Naval Governor of American Samoa .
Augustin Pacha ( November 26 , 1870 - -November 4 , 1954 ) was a Romanian cleric , the first bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Timișoara .
Elipando ( 717 - 808 ? ) named Elipandus in some sources was a Spanish archbishop of Toledo and theologian .
Arrigo Miglio ( born 18 July 1942 ) is an Italian Roman Catholic archbishop .
Robert Weston ( c.1515 -- 20 May 1573 ) was an English civil lawyer , Dean of the Arches and Lord Chancellor of Ireland in the time of Queen Elizabeth .
Gian Marco Marcucci ( born 1954 ) served as a Captain Regent of San Marino from April 1 , 2000 to October 1 , 2000 .
Shelby Moore Cullom ( November 22 , 1829 -- January 28 , 1914 ) was a U.S. political figure , serving in various offices , including the United States House of Representatives , the United States Senate and the 17th Governor of Illinois .
Karl Joseph Wirth , known as Joseph Wirth , ( 6 September 1879 Freiburg i m Breisgau -- 3 January 1956 Freiburg i m Breisgau ) was a German politician of the Catholic Centre Party who served as Chancellor of Germany from 1921 to 1922 , for 585 days .
Michael Joseph Keyes , S.M. ( February 28 , 1876 - -August 7 , 1959 ) was an Irish - born prelate of the Roman Catholic Church who served as the bishop of the Diocese of Savannah , Georgia from 1922 to 1935 .
Paul J. Girouard , M.S. ( December 27 , 1898 -- February 20 , 1964 ) was an American - born missionary and bishop of the Catholic Church in Madagascar .
Rose Francine Rogombé ( née Etomba ) ( 20 September 1942 -- 10 April 2015 ) was a Gabonese politician who was Acting President of Gabon from June 2009 to October 2009 , following the death of long - time President Omar Bongo .
Erin Sullivan was a member of the Ohio House of Representatives , serving from 1998 - 2002 .
Bregowine ( or Bregwine or Bregwin ; died August 764 ) was a medieval Archbishop of Canterbury .
Karl Heinrich Knappstein ( 15 April 1906 Bochum - 6 May 1989 Bad Homburg ) was a German journalist , diplomat , and German Ambassador to the United States , from 1962 to 1968 .
Walter of Winterburn ( 13th century -- August 26 , 1305 ) was an English Dominican , cardinal , orator , poet , philosopher , and theologian .
James Fisher Robinson ( October 4 , 1800 -- October 31 , 1882 ) was the 22nd Governor of Kentucky , serving the remainder of the unfinished term of Governor Beriah Magoffin .
Harold William Henry , S.S.C. , 현 하롤드 , ( July 11 , 1909 -- March 1 , 1976 ) was an American - born Catholic missionary and bishop .
Peter Joseph Mallon ( December 5 , 1929 -- February 3 , 2007 ) was an archbishop in the Archdiocese of Regina from June 9 , 1995 until his retirement on March 30 , 2005 .
Gordon Daniel Conant , KC ( January 11 , 1885 -- January 2 , 1953 ) was a Canadian lawyer , politician , and the 12th Premier of Ontario .
Saint Euthymius the Great ( 377 -- 20 January 473 ) was an abbot in Palestine venerated in both Roman Catholic and Eastern Orthodox Churches .
Pompeo Colonna ( 12 May 1479 -- 28 June 1532 ) was an Italian cardinal , politician and condottiero .
John le Romeyn ( or John Romanus ) , died 1296 , was a medieval Archbishop of York .
Merkawre Sobekhotep ( also known as Sobekhotep VII ) was the thirty - seventh pharaoh of the 13th dynasty during the second intermediate period .
Gaius Aquillius Tuscus was consul of the Roman Republic from the gens Aquillia in 487 BC together with Titus Sicinius Sabinus .
Charles T. Perry ( January 10 , 1812 - January 9 , 1872 ) was an American politician who served as the seventh Mayor of Hoboken , New Jersey from 1864 to 1865 .
Ādolfs Bļodnieks ( 24 July 1889 , Tukums - 21 March 1962 , Brooklyn , NY ) held the office of Prime Minister of Latvia from 24 March 1933 -- 16 March 1934 , for the New Farmers ' Party .
Yago Felipe da Costa Rocha ( born 13 February 1995 ) , simply known as Yago , is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Figueirense as a attacking midfielder .
Aldo Donati ( born September 29 , 1910 , date of death unknown ) was an Italian football ( soccer ) midfielder .
Chet Pickard ( born November 29 , 1989 ) is a Canadian - German professional ice hockey goaltender .
Bison Dele ( born Brian Carson Williams ; April 6 , 1969 -- presumed dead July 7 , 2002 ) was an American professional basketball player who played center .
Lasha Totadze ( Georgian : ლაშა თოთაძე ; born 24 August 1988 in Akhaltsikhe ) is a Georgian football player who plays for Georgian club Dinamo Tbilisi as a defender .
Alexandre Cuvillier ( born 17 June 1986 in Cucq ) is a French football midfielder currently playing for French Ligue 2 club Brest .
On January 25 , 2012 , After protracted negotiations , Dolphins and Kwara United finally agreed on a fee for the transfer of central midfielder , Isiaka Olawale , to the league champions .
Nadir Çiftçi ( born 12 February 1992 ) is a Turkish footballer who plays as a forward for Turkish club Eskişehirspor on loan from Scottish club Celtic .
Elton Charles Figueiredo da Silva ( born 12 February 1986 ) , commonly known as Elton Figueiredo , is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder or left back .
Wayne Corden ( born Simon Wayne Corden on 1 November 1975 ) is an English former footballer who played as a midfielder .
Andrea Mandorlini ( born 17 July 1960 ) is an Italian football manager and former defender .
Bùi Quang Huy ( born in Jan 5 , 1983 in Tây Ninh , Tây Ninh ) is a Vietnamese footballer , playing for club Vicem Hải Phòng as goalkeeper .
Jovan Lučić ( born May 26 , 1987 ) is a football goalkeeper , holding both Canadian and Serbian citizenship , currently playing for FK Vršac .
Antonio Joaquín Parra Fernández ( born 17 June 1961 ) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a midfielder , and a coach .
Goran Popov ( Macedonian : Горан Попов ; born 2 October 1984 ) is a Macedonian footballer , who plays as a defender for Macedonian side Vardar and the Macedonia national team .
Adelaide Gay ( born November 3 , 1989 ) is an American soccer goalkeeper currently playing for Kvarnsvedens IK of Elitettan , although the team was promoted to Damallsvenskan at the end of the 2015 season .
Andreas Oggesen(born 18 March 1994 ) is a Danish footballer playing for SønderjyskE as a midfielder .
Gabino Sosa ( born 4 October 1899 ) was an Argentine football midfielder who played for Central Córdoba and the Argentina national team .
Luca Bucci ( born 13 March 1969 in Bologna ) is a retired Italian football goalkeeper .
Carlos André Filipe Martins ( born 15 April 1982 in Setúbal ) , known as Carlos André , is a Portuguese footballer who plays for Clube Desportivo Cova da Piedade as a left winger .
Liam Walker ( born 13 April 1988 ) is a Gibraltarian footballer who plays for Lincoln Red Imps and the Gibraltar national team as a midfielder .
Svein Enersen ( born 12 January 1968 ) is a Norwegian newspaper editor and retired football defender .
Adem Kapič ( born 16 April 1975 ) is a retired football midfielder .
Faisal Al - Merqeb ( Arabic : فيصل المرقب‎ ) ( born 1981 ) is a Saudi Arabian football ( soccer ) player who currently plays as a goalkeeper for Al - Wehda .
Massimo Crippa ( born May 17 , 1965 ; Seregno , Italy ) , is a former Italian international footballer , who played as a midfielder ; he is the current sports manager of Renate .
Paul Robson ( born 4 August 1983 in Kingston upon Hull ) is an English professional footballer who plays as a defender for North Ferriby United .
Andriy Nesterov ( Ukrainian : Андрій В'ячеславович Нестеров ; born 2 July 1990 in Ukrainian SSR ) is a Ukrainian football defender .
Keniston C ( born 30 May 1989 ) is an Indian footballer who plays as a midfielder for ONGC in the I - League .
Felix Obada ( born November 3 , 1989 in Warri , Nigeria ) is a Nigerian football ( soccer ) midfielder who currently plays for Moroka Swallows in the South African Premier Soccer League .
Rino Marchesi ( Italian pronunciation : ( ˈriːno marˈkeːzi ) ; born 11 June 1937 ) is a former Italian football midfielder and manager from San Giuliano Milanese .
Brent Lepistu ( born 26 March 1993 ) is an Estonian professional footballer who plays as a central midfielder for Estonian Meistriliiga club Flora and the Estonia national football team .
Jeff DiMaria is a retired American soccer midfielder who played professionally in Major League Soccer and the second Major Indoor Soccer League .
Hikmet Balioğlu ( born 4 August 1990 ) is a Turkish footballer who plays as a centre - back for Şanlıurfaspor .
Wayne Arendse ( born 25 November 1984 in Cape Town , Western Cape ) is a South African football ( soccer ) defender for Premier Soccer League club Mamelodi Sundowns .
Morris Molinari ( born 4 April 1975 ) is an Italian football defender , currently plays in Seconda Divisione for the football team Salernitana .
Radojica Vasić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Радојица Васић ; born 25 January 1976 ) is a Serbian former footballer who played as a defensive midfielder .
David Harney ( born 2 March 1947 in Jarrow , County Durham ) is an English former professional football forward who played in the Football League for Grimsby Town , Scunthorpe United and Brentford .
Juan Antonio Ocampo Silva ( born June 11 , 1989 in Tepic , Nayarit ) is a Mexican football player who currently plays as a defender .
Terry Woodberry , also spelled as Terry Woodbury , ( born May 2 , 1963 ) is a former English - American football ( soccer ) midfielder who spent his entire career playing indoor soccer in the United States .
Mahdi Kamel Sheltagh ( Arabic : مهدي كامل شلتاغ‎ , born January 6 , 1995 in Iraq ) is an Iraqi midfielder who currently plays for Al - Shorta and the Iraq national football team .
Antonio José López Martínez ( born 5 September 1989 ) is a Spanish footballer who plays for La Hoya Lorca CF . Mainly a central defender , he can also play as a right back .
Jurģis Pučinskis ( born 3 January 1973 in Daugavpils ) is a former Latvian soccer player in midfielder role , currently manager of the Latvian Higher League club FK Ventspils .
Pentti Koskela ( born 27 November 1945 ) is a Finnish former ice hockey goaltender and Olympian .
Loïc Amisse ( born 9 August 1954 in Nantes , France ) is a French football ( soccer ) manager and former winger .
Markus Knackmuß ( born 7 June 1974 in Radolfzell , Baden - Württemberg ) is a German football midfielder who last played for FC 08 Villingen .
Herbert Birchenough ( 21 September 1874 -- 28 February 1942 ) was an English football goalkeeper .
Daniel Rodrigo de Oliveira ( born 14 September 1985 ) is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a forward for Belgian Second Division team Cercle Brugge .
Emir Janjoš ( born 28 March 1986 in Sarajevo ) is a Bosnian football midfielder who plays for NK Biser Janjoš started his career with FK Sarajevo .
Albert Dunlop ( 21 April 1932 in Liverpool , England - 6 March 1990 ) was an English football goalkeeper .
Dor Micha ( or Dor Miha , Hebrew : דור מיכה‎ ; born March 2 , 1992 ) , is an Israeli footballer who plays as a midfielder for Israeli football club Maccabi Tel Aviv .
Brian Sawyer ( born 28 January 1938 ) is an English former professional footballer who played as a centre forward .
Ederson Fofonka ( born 12 March 1974 in Porto Alegre , Brazil ) is a retired football forward .
Derek Spalding ( born 20 December 1954 in Dundee , Scotland ) is a former soccer player , who played as a defender .
José Alberto Toril Rodríguez ( born 7 July 1973 ) is a Spanish retired professional footballer who played as a central midfielder , and a current coach .
Tom Keetley ( 16 November 1898 -- 18 August 1958 ) was an English professional footballer who played as a centre forward .
Stevan Stošić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Cтeвaн Cтoшић ; born 9 August 1984 ) is a Serbian retired footballer who played as a midfielder .
Zurab Khizanishvili ( Georgian : ზურაბ ხიზანიშვილი ; born 6 October 1981 ) is a Georgian footballer who plays for Inter Baku PIK in the Azerbaijan Premier League as a defender .
Karen Madoyan ( Bulgarian : Карен Мадоян ; born 1995 in Varna ) is a Bulgarian footballer of Armenian origin who plays as a midfielder for Chernomorets Balchik .
Peter Rodon ( died 2000 ) was a Welsh professional footballer who played as a centre forward .
Kévin Soni ( born 17 April 1998 ) is a Cameroonian footballer who currently plays for Ligue 1 side Girondins de Bordeaux as an attacking midfielder .
Tiassé Koné ( born 11 October 1981 in Abidjan , Côte d'Ivoire ) is an ivorian international football goalkeeper currently playing for Issia Wazi .
Fabio Quagliarella ( Italian pronunciation : ( ˈfaːbjo kwaʎʎaˈrɛlla ) ) ( born 31 January 1983 ) is an Italian professional footballer who plays as a forward for Italian club Sampdoria on loan from Torino .
Ljuban Crepulja ( born 3 September 1993 in Čapljina , Bosnia and Herzegovina ) is a Croatian football midfielder , currently playing for Slaven Belupo in the Prva HNL .
Majid Gholamnejad ( Persian : مجید غلام نژاد ‎‎ , born June 18 , 1983 ) is an Iranian football midfielder who is currently a Free Agent .
Kelly Dyer ( born March 1 , 1966 in Princeton , New Jersey and raised in Acton , Massachusetts ) is a member of the Northeastern University athletics Hall of Fame , and a former ice hockey goaltender for the United States women 's national ice hockey team .
Edivândio Sequeira dos Reis ( born 1 January 1991 in Mindelo , São Vicente , Cape Verde ) , commonly known as Edivândio is a Cape Verdean footballer who plays for FC Zimbru Chișinău as a forward .
Patrick Jennings ( born 24 September 1979 , Hertfordshire , England ) , commonly known as Pat Jennings , Jr. , is a footballer currently a goalkeeping coach / goalkeeper with League of Ireland club St Patrick 's Athletic .
Branko Milosevic ( born 21 August 1964 ) is a midfielder who made several appearances for the Socceroos .
Yoncho Arsov ( 1929 -- 9 November 2011 ) was a Bulgarian football player and manager who played as a midfielder .
Giulliano Gonçalves Guedes or simply Giulliano ( born May 19 , 1987 in Venda Nova - MG ) , is a Brazilian goalkeeper playing for CRAC .
Maciej Rybus ( Polish pronunciation : ( ˈmat͡ɕɛj ˈrɨbus ) ; born 19 August 1989 in Łowicz ) is a Polish footballer who plays as a midfielder for Terek Grozny , typically on the left wing .
Harry Littlehales ( 26 August 1901 -- 1989 ) was an English footballer who played as an inside forward for Reading , Tranmere Rovers and Wrexham .
Kyrylo Fesenko ( Ukrainian : Кирило Фесенко ; born December 24 , 1986 ) is a Ukrainian professional basketball player who plays for Pallacanestro Cantù of the Italian Serie A. Standing at 2.16 m ( 7 ft 1 in ) , he plays the center position .
Heleen Jaques ( born 20 April 1988 ) is a Belgian football defender currently playing for Club Brugge of the BeNe League .
Shahram Mehraban ( Persian : شهرام مهربان‎ ; born 16 November 1979 ) is an Iranian association football goalkeeper .
Marcelo Messias ( born November 9 , 1981 in Paranaguá ) is a Brazilian - Salvadoran football defender , who currently plays for Alianza .
Joe Cohen ( born June 6 , 1984 ) is an American former player of American and Canadian football who was a defensive tackle .
Erika Prado is an American football midfielder of Mexican descent , And had played for Energiya Voronezh in the Russian Championship .
Drissa Traoré ( born 25 March 1992 ) is an Ivorian professional footballer who plays for English club Swindon Town , as a midfielder .
Marcos Júnior Lima dos Santos ( Gama , 19 January 1993 ) is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a forward for Fluminense .
Anderson Hernanes de Carvalho Viana Lima ( born 29 May 1985 ) , known as Hernanes ( Brazilian Portuguese : ( eʁˈnɐ̃niʃ ) ) , is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for Serie A club Juventus as a central midfielder .
Endre Bajúsz ( Serbian : Ендре Бајус , Endre Bajus ) ( born 21 October 1976 ) is a Serbian - born Hungarian football defender playing with AFK Ada .
Martin Åslund ( born November 10 , 1976 ) is a Swedish retired professional football player ( midfielder ) , currently working as a sports analyst for the TV4 Group .
Sergio Canales Madrazo ( Spanish pronunciation : ( ' serxjo ka'nalez ma'ðɾaθo ) ; born 16 February 1991 ) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Real Sociedad as an attacking midfielder .
Hermes Neves Soares , nicknamed Hermes ( born September 19 , 1974 in São Paulo ) is a Brazilian footballer ( midfielder ) .
Guo Mingyue ( Simplified Chinese : 郭明月 ) ( born 7 March 1986 in Dalian ) is a Chinese football player who currently plays as a defender .
Sean Murdoch ( born 31 July 1986 ) is a Scottish professional football goalkeeper who is currently playing in his second spell for Dunfermline Athletic .
Marc Fernández Usón ( born July 23 , 1987 in El Masnou , Catalonia ) is a Spanish basketball player , playing the small forward position .
Tyler Hotson ( born 30 May 1985 , in Vancouver , British Columbia ) is a Canadian rugby union player who plays at lock .
Alireza Mohammad ( Persian : علیرضا محمد‎‎ , born 14 July 1981 in mazandaran , Iran ) is an Iranian football defender who currently plays for Paykan in the Iran Pro League .
Marco Meilinger ( born 8 August 1991 in Salzburg ) is an Austrian football midfielder currently playing for Austria Wien .
Bertrand Kaï ( born 6 June 1983 ) is a New Caledonian international footballer who plays as a forward for Hienghène Sport and the New Caledonia national team .
Kamu Laird ( born 23 December 1975 , Port of Spain ) is a Trinidadian footballer who briefly played in the Football League for Chester City as a forward .
Darran Rowbotham ( born 22 October 1966 ) is a Welsh footballer who played as a forward , making more than 450 appearances in the Football League .
Jean - Armel Kana - Biyik ( born 3 July 1989 ) is a French - Cameroonian footballer who plays as a defender for Toulouse and the Cameroon national team .
Rodrigo Silva dos Santos or simply Rodrigo ( born April 13 , 1981 , in Imperatriz ) , is a Brazilian attacking midfielder .
Okram Roshini Devi ( born 8 February 1994 in Manipur ) is an Indian women footballer who currently plays as a goalkeeper for India women 's national football team .
Lotima Taufoou is a Tongan footballer who plays as a defender for the Tonga national football team .
Freddie Garcia ( born July 7 , 1952 in Guanajuato , Mexico ) is a retired Mexican - American soccer forward who spent seven seasons in the North American Soccer League and two in the Major Indoor Soccer League .
Nour El - Dali ( Arabic : نور الدالي‎ October 24 , 1928 -- April 16 , 2004 ) was an Egyptian footballer who played for Zamalek and Egypt as a defender , represented his country and was part of the team that won the 1957 Africa Cup of Nations .
Ricardo Kishna ( born 4 January 1995 in The Hague ) is a Dutch professional footballer who plays as a forward for Serie A side Lazio and for the Netherlands U21 .
Nora Holstad Berge ( born 26 March 1987 ) is a Norwegian footballer who plays as a defender for Bundesliga club FC Bayern Munich and the Norway national team .
Peter Cherrie ( born 1 October 1983 ) is a Scottish football goalkeeper who plays for Irish side Bray Wanderers .
Antonio Álvarez Giráldez ( born 10 April 1955 ) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a central defender , and a current coach .
Hassan Daher ( Arabic : حسن ضاهر‎ ; born March 4 , 1983 ) is a Lebanese association football defender .
Giorgos Iosifidis ( Greek : Γιώργος Ιωσηφίδης ; born January 8 , 1969 ) is a former international Cypriot football midfielder and current football manager of Enosis Neon Parekklisia in the Cypriot Second Division .
Gary Grant ( born April 21 , 1965 ) is a retired American professional basketball player at the point guard position in the NBA .
Mariano Julio Izco ( born March 13 , 1983 , in Capital Federal , Buenos Aires , Argentina ) is an Argentine football midfielder who currently plays for Chievo Verona in Serie A. He also holds an Italian passport .
Hristiyan Kozhuharov ( Bulgarian : Християн Кожухаров ; born 12 February 1991 ) is a Bulgarian footballer , currently playing for Kaliakra Kavarna as a midfielder .
Manuel Adrian Scarlatache ( born 5 December 1986 ) is a Romanian football ( soccer ) defender who is currently playing for Astra Giurgiu .
Joël Bats ( born 4 January 1957 in Mont - de - Marsan , Landes ) is a retired goalkeeper and French international footballer .
Ádám Vass ( born 9 September 1988 in Kápolnásnyék , Hungary ) is a Hungarian footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder for MTK Budapest .
Stefanos Kotsolis ( Greek : Στέφανος Κοτσόλης ; born 5 June 1979 ) is a Greek professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Panathinaikos in the Greek Superleague .
Rivers Guthrie is a retired American soccer midfielder who played professionally in the USL A - League and Major League Soccer .
Dave Gillett is a retired Scottish football ( soccer ) defender who spent most of his career in the North American Soccer League .
John Price Davies ( 1862 -- 31 March 1955 ) was a Welsh footballer who played as either a forward or half back for various clubs , including Druids and Berwyn Rangers in the 1870s and 1880s .
Ai Zhibo ( Chinese : 艾志波 ; pinyin : Ài Zhìbō ) ( born 29 October 1982 ) is a Chinese football player who currently plays as a defender for Wuhan Zall in the China League One .
Ka Koi Lam ( born 6 January 1972 ) in Macau is a football ( soccer ) player who plays as a defender .
Clive Delaney ( born 2 January 1980 in Dublin ) is an Irish footballer who currently plays in Sydney , Australia as a defender for amateur side Dunbar Rovers FC .
Tommy Ord ( born October 15 , 1952 in London ) is a retired English professional football forward .
Carlos Cazorla Medina ( born December 7 , 1977 in Las Palmas de Gran Canaria ) is a retired Spanish basketball player , playing the small forward position .
Rudolf Raftl ( born 7 February 1911 in Vienna ; died 5 September 1994 ) was an Austrian football goalkeeper .
Michalis Prodromou ( Greek : Μιχάλης Προδρόμου ; 21 January 1987 in Larnaca ) is a defender player who is currently playing for AEK Larnaca .
Art Dorrington ( born March 13 , 1930 in Truro , Nova Scotia ) was a black professional ice hockey centre .
Luke Weaver ( born 26 June 1979 in Woolwich , South East London ) is a former professional goalkeeper who last played for Northampton Town .
Korcan Çelikay ( born 31 December 1987 ) is a Turkish professional football goalkeeper who currently play for Sivasspor .
Fabrício Lopes Alcântara ( born May 18 , 1984 in Salvador , Bahia , Brazil ) , simply known as Fabrício Alcântara , is a Brazilian football defender .
Felipe Patavino Saad , simply known as Felipe Saad ( born September 11 , 1983 in Santos , São Paulo ) is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for French side RC Strasbourg as a defender .
Sunday Rotimi ( born March 9 , 1980 ) is a Nigerian football goalkeeper .
António Eleutério dos Santos ( born 10 February 1928 ) simply Eleutério , is a former Portuguese footballer who played as a midfielder .
Martín Seri ( born 9 December 1983 in Chabás , Santa Fe ) is an Argentine football midfielder , who played for many football teams in Argentina . He is characterized for his ability to play different positions .
Pierluigi Pizzaballa ( born in Bergamo , 14 September 1939 ) is a retired Italian footballer who played as a goalkeeper .
Francisco Román Alarcón Suárez ( born 21 April 1992 ) , commonly known as Isco ( Spanish pronunciation : ( ˈisko ) ) , is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Real Madrid as an attacking midfielder .
Igor Jauregi Iraola ( born 29 April 1974 ) is a Spanish retired footballer who played mainly as a central defender -- he could also operate as a defensive midfielder .
Paul Baysse ( born 18 May 1988 ) is a French professional footballer who plays for Nice , on loan from Saint - Étienne , as a defender .
Christian Soucy ( born September 14 , 1970 in Gatineau , Quebec ) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey goaltender .
Lefter Millo ( 2 August 1966 , Derviçan , Albania , -- 8 March 1997 , Giannouli , Greece ) was a former Albanian football midfielder .
Derek Payne is an English former professional footballer who played as a midfielder , making over 200 career appearances .
Marcus Vinícius Cesário ( born 22 March 1986 in Ribeirão Preto , São Paulo ) is a Brazilian footballer who currently plays as a central defender for İstanbul B.B ..
Atilla Özmen ( born 11 May 1988 ) is a Turkish footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for İnegölspor .
Thomas Rohrbach ( born 4 April 1949 ) is a retired footballer who played as a midfielder during the 1970s and 1980s .
Harutyun Vardanyan ( Armenian : Հարություն Վարդանյան , born on 5 December 1970 in Gyumri , Armenian SSR ) is a former Armenian football player who played defender for the Armenian national team and for Armenian , Swiss and German clubs .
Anthony Molina ( born 3 August 1990 ) is a Peruvian footballer who currently plays in the Torneo Descentralizado for Universidad San Martín , as a centre back .
Ricardo Daniel Bertoni ( born 14 March 1955 in Bahía Blanca ) is a former Argentine footballer who played in a right winger role .
Stuart Beedie ( born 16 August 1960 in Aberdeen ) is a Scottish former football player , who played as a midfielder for a number of Scottish clubs , including St Johnstone , Dundee United , Hibernian , Dunfermline and Dundee .
Vetle Andersen ( born 20 April 1964 in Kristiansand ) is a Norwegian former footballer who played as a defender .
Randy Kevin Dzierzawski , Jr. ( born June 28 , 1991 ) is an American professional soccer player who plays in Scotland for Peterhead , as a midfielder .
Harry Peacock ( 14 February 1909 - -16 March 1996 ) was a Welsh international rugby union flanker who played rugby union for Newport .
Daniele Fruci ( born 6 June 1988 in Rome ) is an Italian footballer who currently plays as a defender for Pergocrema .
Arthur Wigglesworth ( 26 October 1891−15 June 1974 ) was an English footballer who played as a defender .
Giorgos Dedes ( Greek : Γιώργος Δέδες ; born 15 December 1942 ) is a former Greek footballer of Asia Minor descent who played as a forward .
Milan Gajic ( born June 1 , 1981 in Burnaby , British Columbia ) , is a Canadian professional ice hockey centre currently an unrestricted free agent .
Sidnei Sciola Moraes ( born February 2 , 1986 in Santana de Parnaíba , São Paulo ) is a footballer who plays as a forward / winger for the A - League club Perth Glory .
Carlos Pereira Berto Júnior or simply Carlinhos Paraíba ( born 4 March 1983 in Rio Tinto , Paraíba ) , is a Brazilian midfielder who plays for Tokushima Vortis .
To a generation of Tranmere Rovers fans , Ian Muir is remembered as a legendary player , who played the starring role in the greatest period of the club 's history and also the finest centre forward not to have played in the top tier of English football .
Mamadou Ba ( born 8 May 1985 in Senegal ) is a Senegalese professional football goalkeeper who currently plays for Portuguese club Boavista .
Alexandru Chiriță ( born 24 June 1996 in Ploiești ) is a Romanian footballer who plays as a attacking midfielder for Liga I club Petrolul Ploiești .
Bo Kristoffer Nordfeldt ( born 23 June 1989 ) is a Swedish footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Welsh club Swansea City .
Geraldo Francisco dos Santos ( born 11 June 1962 ) is a Brazilian former professional footballer nicknamed Zizinho who played as a midfielder .
Mourad Meghni ( Arabic : مراد مغني‎ ) ( born 16 April 1984 ) is an Algerian professional footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder who currently plays for Algerian Ligue Professionnelle 1 club CS Constantine .
Anton Mukhovykov ( Ukrainian : Антон Володимирович Муховиков ; born 20 June 1984 in Dnipropetrovsk , in the Ukrainian SSR , Soviet Union ) is a professional Ukrainian football midfielder who now plays for FC Sumy in the Ukrainian First League .
Wanderson Cristaldo Farias , simply known as Wanderson ( born 2 January 1988 in Cruzeiro do Oeste ) , is a Brazilian footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for Ludogorets Razgrad in the Bulgarian A Football Group .
Colin Barrett ( born 3 August 1952 ) is an English - born footballer who played as a defender in the Football League during the 1970s and 1980s .
Kay Whitmore , Jr. ( born April 10 , 1967 in Sudbury , Ontario ) is a former Canadian ice hockey goaltender .
Diederrick Joel Tagueu Tadjo ( born 6 December 1993 ) , simply known as Joel , is a Cameroonian footballer who plays as a forward for Brazilian club Santos , on loan from Cruzeiro .
Eric Binns ( 13 August 1924 -- 20 September 2007 ) was an English professional association football player who played as a defender .
João Paulo Santos de Oliveira Gomes , commonly known simply as João Paulo ( born 25 May 1989 ) is a Brazilian football defender currently playing for Bonsucesso in Campeonato Brasileiro Série B.
Cihan Can ( born on August 1 , 1986 ) is a Turkish football defender who currently plays for Giresunspor .
Sabine Englert ( born 27 November 1981 ) is a German team handball goalkeeper from Aschaffenburg , Bavaria .
Elisa Camporese is an Italian football midfielder , currently playing for UPC Tavagnacco in Serie A. She has won four leagues with Foroni Verona , CF Bardolino and Torres CF . She is a member of the Italian national team , and played the 2005 European Championship .
Oleksandr Yevtushok ( Ukrainian : Олекса́ндр Васи́льович Євтушо́к , born 11 January 1970 in Dzhankoy , Ukrainian SSR ) , sometimes called Alex Evtushok in the British media , is a former Ukrainian footballer who played as a central defender .
Paulo Jorge Ruão da Silva Pinto Malheiro ( born 8 July 1985 in Paredes ) commonly known as Ginho , is a Portuguese footballer who plays as a defender .
Zbigniew Kruszyński ( born 14 October 1960 in Tczew ) , commonly known as Detsi Kruszyński or Detzi Kruszyński , is a retired Polish - German football midfielder , who was also adept in defence and attack .
Gordon Burnett ( born February 4 , 1981 ) is a former Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman and current assistant coach .
Silvije Čavlina ( born 22 April 1977 in Zagreb ) is a Croatian former football goalkeeper who is currently the goalkeeping coach of PAOK FC .
Luís Henrique Pereira dos Santos ( born 20 August 1968 in Jequitaí ) more commonly known simply as Luís Henrique is a Brazilian soccer player who played as a midfielder .
Rosana dos Santos Augusto ( born on 7 July 1982 ) , commonly known as Rosana , is a Brazilian football left back or left winger who plays for Paris Saint - Germain .
Damián Frascarelli ( born 2 June 1985 in Montevideo , Uruguay ) is a Uruguayan goalkeeper who currently plays for Peñarol .
Da Silva , full name Cleonésio Carlos da Silva ( born April 12 , 1976 ) is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a forward .
Peter Nyström ( born 27 August 1984 ) is a Swedish footballer , who plays professionally as a midfielder for Varbergs BoIS .
Alan McCormack ( born 10 January 1984 , in Dublin , Ireland ) is an Irish professional footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder or right back for Brentford .
Nikola Milojević ( Serbian Cyrillic : Никола Милојевић ; born 16 April 1981 ) is a Serbian professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper .
Diogo da Silva Farias also known as Diogo Acosta ( born 13 June 1990 ) is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a forward for São Bernardo .
Nicolaj Madsen ( born 16 July 1988 ) is a Danish professional footballer who plays for Danish Superliga side SønderjyskE as a midfielder .
Constantin Barbu ( born 16 May 1971 ) is a Romanian retired footballer who played mainly as an attacking midfielder .
Alberto Rafael da Silva , or simply Rafael ( born March 24 , 1984 in Araraquara ) , is a Brazilian goalkeeper .
Erico Constantino Da Silva ( born 20 July 1989 ) , commonly known as Erico , is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a central defender for Romanian club Pandurii Târgu Jiu .
Germain Sanou ( born 26 May 1992 ) is a Burkinabé international footballer who played for French team Saint - Étienne B , as a goalkeeper .
Marko Pridigar ( born 18 May 1985 in Maribor ) is a Slovenian footballer goalkeeper .
Sašo Fornezzi ( born 11 December 1982 in Slovenia ) is a Slovenian football goalkeeper who currently plays for Antalyaspor in Turkey 's Spor Toto Super Lig .
Denys Stoyan ( born 24 August 1981 in Hrebinky , Ukraine , Soviet Union ) is a retired Ukrainian football defender who last played for Ukrainian Premier League club FC Poltava .
Josh Meekings ( born 2 September 1992 ) is an English professional footballer who plays as a central defender for Inverness Caledonian Thistle .
Andrea Cano ( born 18 April 1976 ) is an Italian football manager and former player , currently in charge as goalkeeper coach of youth of Abano .
Sotiris Balafas ( Greek : Σωτήρης Μπαλάφας ; born 19 August 1986 in Arta ) is a Greek footballer who plays for Veria in Greek Super League , as a defensive midfielder .
Michaël Van Geele ( born 1 August 1986 in Brussels ) is a Belgian professional footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for Belgian side KSV Bornem .
Hans - Joachim Pochstein ( 30 October 1952 -- 5 June 1991 ) was a German football forward .
Greg Veatch is an American soccer forward who has spent most of his career in indoor leagues .
Jak McCourt ( born 6 July 1995 ) is an English professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for League One club Barnsley .
René Dereuddre ( 22 June 1930 , Bully - les - Mines , Pas - de - Calais -- 16 April 2008 ) was a French footballer who played midfielder .
Sebastian Dudek ( born January 19 , 1980 in Żary , Poland ) is a Polish footballer who currently plays for Zawisza Bydgoszcz as a midfielder .
Ivaylo Gerdzhikov ( Bulgarian : Ивайло Герджиков ) ( born 12 June 1991 in Plovdiv ) is a Bulgarian football player , currently playing for Lokomotiv Plovdiv as a midfielder .
Abdou Karim Camara ( born 27 October 1992 ) is an Senegalese footballer who most recently played as a midfielder for AS Cherbourg in France .
Renato Kotnik ( born 1 March 1970 ) is a former Slovene football player , who played as a midfielder .
José Luis Chacón ( born 6 November 1971 in Callao ) is a Peruvian football defender , who obtained three caps during his career for the Peru national football team .
Markus Dworrak ( born 23 January 1978 ) is a German former footballer who played as a midfielder or forward .
Reynaldo Anderson Jaen ( born 12 April 1986 ) , name also spelled as Reinaldo Anderson , is a football defender who currently plays for Liga Panameña de Fútbol side Independiente La Chorrera .
Indrit Hithi ( born 5 February 1990 ) is an Albanian association footballer who plays for Albanian First Division side Luftëtari Gjirokastër , as a defender .
Mpumi Nyandeni is a South African women 's footballer and plays as a midfielder .
Ron Atanasio is an American former professional soccer player who played as a forward .
Yao Mawuko Sènaya ( born 18 October 1979 in Lomé ) is a Togolese football midfielder , who plays for Saint - Louis Neuweg in the French football .
Bruna Amarante da Silva ( born 12 May 1984 in Petrópolis , Rio de Janeiro ) is a Brazililian - born naturalized Equatoguinean football defender currently playing for Vasco da Gama .
Daine Klate ( born 25 February 1985 in Port Elizabeth , Eastern Cape ) is a South African football ( soccer ) midfielder for Supersport United and South Africa .
Valdimir Ferraz Matias Nunes ( born 6 October 1989 ) , commonly known as Valdinho , is an Angolan professional footballer who plays as a winger for Recreativo do Libolo .
Jeremy Welsh ( born April 30 , 1988 ) is a Canadian professional ice hockey centre who currently plays for the Chicago Wolves of the American Hockey League ( AHL ) whilst under contract to the St. Louis Blues of the National Hockey League ( NHL ) .
Maksym Shtayer ( Ukrainian : Максим Андрійович Штаєр ; born 28 November 1978 , Soviet Union ) is a retired professional Ukrainian football and beach football forward .
Arne Slot ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈɑrnə ˈslɔt ) ; born 17 September 1978 ) is a former Dutch professional footballer midfielder .
Lara Barbieri ( born 2 February 1986 in Sassuolo ) is an Italian football midfielder , currently playing for Chiasiellis in Italy 's Serie A.
Manuel Gaspar Costa is an Angolan footballer who plays as a midfielder for Angolan side ASA .
Yassine El Kharroubi ( born 29 March 1990 in Dreux ) , is a French - born Moroccan professional footballer who plays for Bulgarian club Lokomotiv Plovdiv as a goalkeeper .
António Abrantes Mendes ( 2 May 1907 in Lisbon -- 25 January 1987 in Lisbon ) was a Portuguese footballer who played as a forward .
Federico Giunti ( born 6 August 1971 in Perugia ) is an Italian former footballer turned manager , who played as a midfielder .
Alexandros Garpozis ( born September 5 , 1980 in Limassol ) is a Cypriot football midfielder , who last played for AEK Kouklia .
Grigoris Kastanos ( Greek : Γρηγόρης Κάστανος ; born 30 January 1998 ) is a Cypriot footballer who plays as a midfielder for Italian club Juventus .
Steven Fortès ( born 17 April 1992 ) is a Cape Verdean international footballer who plays for French team Le Havre , as a central defender .
Ian Thomas - Moore ( born 26 August 1976 in Birkenhead ) is an English former professional footballer who played as a centre - forward or winger .
Hörður Björgvin Magnússon ( born 11 February 1993 ) is an Icelandic footballer who currently plays as a defender for Cesena in the Italian Serie B on loan from four - time defending Serie A champions Juventus .
Constantin Bogdan is a Moldovan footballer who last played for FC Yenisey Krasnoyarsk and Moldova-21 as defender .
Luis Cembranos Martínez ( born 6 June 1972 ) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a right midfielder , and a current coach .
Ramiro Fergonzi ( born May 14 , 1989 in Buenos Aires , Argentina ) is an Argentine forward currently playing for Deportivo Español in Argentine .
Goldie and Wendy are fictional identical twins in the graphic novel series Sin City , created by Frank Miller .
Niko Bellic is a fictional character and the playable protagonist of Rockstar North 's 2008 video game Grand Theft Auto IV , also featuring as a supporting character in its episodic content The Lost and Damned and The Ballad of Gay Tony , all published by Rockstar Games .
Imoen is one of the main characters of the Baldur 's Gate series of Dungeons & Dragons a computer role - playing game .
Angela de Luca , known in the series by the alias Angie Bolen , is a fictional character played by Drea de Matteo on the ABC television series Desperate Housewives .
Aisha Campbell is a fictional character from the Mighty Morphin Power Rangers TV series and Mighty Morphin Power Rangers :
Devět kruhů pekla ( Nine Circles of Hell ) is a 1989 Czechoslovak drama film directed by Milan Muchna .
Girl 27 is a 2007 documentary film about the 1937 rape of MGM movie extra Patricia Douglas ( 1917 - 2003 ) , the front - page news stories that followed , and the subsequent cover - up of the entire event .
Silver into Gold is a 1987 American short documentary film produced by Lynn Mueller .
Fatal Intuition ( Hangul : 그놈이다 ; RR : Geunomida ; lit . `` It 's Him '' ) is a 2015 South Korean crime thriller film written and directed by Yun Jun - hyeong .
Beyond the Reach is a 2014 American adventure thriller film directed by Jean - Baptiste Léonetti and written by Stephen Susco .
Rosies of the North ( French - language title : Riveuses du nord ) is a 46-minute Canadian documentary film made in 1999 by the National Film Board of Canada ( NFB ) and directed by Kelly Saxberg .
The George Raft Story is a 1961 American biographical film of Hollywood film star George Raft .
Aimless Walk ( Bezúčelná procházka ) is a 1930 film by the Czech filmmaker Alexander Hammid .
Heera Aur Pathar ( Urdu : ہیرا اور پتھر ) is a 1964 Pakistani Urdu black - and - white film .
L'assedio di Calais ( The siege of Calais ) is an 1836 melodramma lirico , or opera , in three acts by Gaetano Donizetti , his 49th opera .
Revenge of the Stepford Wives is a 1980 made - for - television science fiction -- thriller film inspired by the Ira Levin novel The Stepford Wives .
The Korean Connection is 1974 Korean martial art movie starring Han Yong Cheol ( Credited as Billy Chan ) and Kwan Young Moon .
The Leather Saint is a 1956 film , directed by Alvin Ganzer in black - and - white VistaVision , about a priest who boxes .
The Devil 's Brother or Bogus Bandits or Fra Diavolo is a 1933 American Pre - Code comedy film starring Laurel and Hardy .
No matarás ( `` Do Not Kill '' ) is a 1943 Mexican film .
Wallace & Gromit 's Musical Marvels ( also known as Wallace & Gromit at the Proms ) is the name of Prom 20 of the 2012 season of The BBC Proms , which features orchestral renditions of Julian Nott 's theme from Wallace & Gromit and classical music set to scenes from the Wallace & Gromit films .
Battal Gazi Destanı ( Battal Ghazi Legend ) is a 1971 Turkish historic action film .
Dare Not Walk Alone is a 2006 documentary directed by Jeremy Dean .
Happy Heroes 2 ( Chinese : 开心超人2:启源星之战 ) is a 2014 Chinese animated adventure film directed by Huang Weiming and a sequel to Happy Heroes ( 2013 ) .
Uncle Sam Magoo is a 1970 television special directed by Abe Levitow and written by Larry Markes , Henry G. Saperstein and Sam Rosen .
Flesh and Bullets is a 1985 film which features Yvonne de Carlo and Aldo Ray in small roles .
You Are the Apple of My Eye ( Chinese : 那些年,我們一起追的女孩 , literally `` Those Years , The Girl We Went After Together '' ) is a 2011 Taiwanese Romance film .
PlayMaker Football is an American football simulation produced by PlayMaker Software , Inc. The first version of the game was released in 1989 by Brøderbund for the Macintosh .
Khan Kluay 2 is a three - dimensional animated movie from Thailand , directed by Taweelap Srivuthivong and released in 2009 .
Gnanapazham ( Tamil : ஞானப்பழம் ) is a 1996 Indian Tamil film , directed R. P. Viswam and produced by K. Gopinathan .
Puthiya Parasakthi ( Tamil : புதிய பராசக்தி ) is a 1996 Indian Tamil film , directed by Gowri Rajan and produced by G. Agastin .
The Wild Wacky Wonderful World of Winter was an HBO ( Home Box Office ) television broadcast first on February 22 , 1980 and again on February 26 , 1980 .
Ein Job is a 2008 German television film based on Irene Dische 's novel The Job .
Snehaloka ( Kannada : ಸ್ನೇಹ ಲೋಕ ) is a 1999 Indian Kannada romantic drama film directed by S. Mahendar and produced by N. Bharathi Devi .
The Country Cousin is a Walt Disney animated short film released on October 31 , 1936 by United Artists .
Hamateur Night is a 1938 seven - minute animated short film released to theaters by Warner Bros. on January 28 , 1939 .
The City 's Edge is a 1983 Australian film co - written by aboriginal playwright Bob Merritt .
The Secret Life of Girls is a 1999 film starring Majandra Delfino , Linda Hamilton , Eugene Levy , Meagan Good and Emily Osment in her film debut .
Estômago ( Portuguese for stomach ) , or Estômago , a Gastronomic Story , is a 2007 Brazilian--
Sin dejar rastros ( Spanish : `` Without a Trace '' ) was an 1918 Argentine animated feature film .
Thenkasi Pattanam is an Indian Tamil comedy film released in 2002 .
Sutrula is a 2014 Indian Tamil thriller film written and directed by V. Rajesh Alfred .
Sathi Savithri ( Kannada : ಸತಿ ಸಾವಿತ್ರಿ ) is a 1965 Indian Kannada film , directed by P. R. Kaundanya and produced by N. Vishweshwariah .
Combat Cars is a racing video game released for the Sega Mega Drive / Genesis in 1994 .
Dadah Is Death is a 1988 Australian film based on the Barlow and Chambers execution in Malaysia in 1986 .
Well Worn Daffy is a 1965 Looney Tunes animated short featuring Daffy Duck and Speedy Gonzales in a struggle for a well .
From the Tropics to the Snow is a 1964 Australian documentary film .
Aswesuma ( The Compensation ) is a 2001 Sri Lankan crime drama film starring Joe Abeywickrama , Sangeetha Weeraratne , and Jackson Anthony .
Fightville is a mixed martial arts documentary film released in 2011 .
Life After Manson is a 2014 documentary film directed by Olivia Klaus that offers an intimate portrait of one of the world 's most infamous crimes and notorious killers .
The Rejected ( 1961 ) is a made - for - television documentary film about homosexuality , produced for KQED in San Francisco by John W. Reavis .
Bug Buster is a 1998 American comedy horror film directed by Lorenzo Doumani .
Jack the Nipper is a video game by Gremlin Graphics released in 1986 for several home computer systems .
La bambola di Satana ( lit . Satan 's Doll ) is a 1969 Italian gothic horror film directed by Ferruccio Casapinta .
Breaking the Taboo is a 2011 Brazilian documentary film about the War on Drugs .
El Fin is a 2012 film written and directed by Costa Rican film director Miguel Gómez , and co - produced with his brother Dennis Gómez .
Gangasangamam is a 1971 Indian Malayalam film , directed by JD Thottan and produced by Paul Kallungal .
To Die in Paris is a 1968 TV film .
Kiccha is a 2003 Kannada political - drama film directed by Arun Prasad P.A. featuring Sudeep and Shwetha in the lead roles .
Sunny and the Elephant is a 2007 feature film written and directed by Frederic Lepage , a French author and producer .
Histórias Que Nossas Babás Não Contavam ( Stories Our Nannies Do n't Tell ) is a Brazilian film of 1979 directed by Oswaldo De Oliveira and written by Ody Fraga .
Gold , Frankincense and Myrrh ( Mirisi , zlato i tamjan ) is a 1971 Croatian film directed by Ante Babaja .
The Crew of the Dora ( German : Besatzung Dora ) is a 1943 German film about Luftwaffe pilots .
Buzzy Boop is a 1938 Fleischer Studios animated short film starring Betty Boop and her young tomboy cousin Buzzy Boop .
AC / DC Live is the second live album by Australian hard rock band AC / DC , released on 27 October 1992 .
Lost in Panic Room is a 2010 Chinese suspense thriller film directed by Zhang Fanfan and written by Xiao Yu .
The Outlaw Josey Wales is a 1976 American revisionist Western DeLuxe Color and Panavision film set during and after the American Civil War .
I Am the Media is a 2010 French documentary film by Benjamin Rassat ( fr ) .
This Time for Keeps is an American romantic musical film released in 1947 and produced by MGM .
The Singles Ward is a 2002 LDS cinema comedy film directed by Kurt Hale written by himself and John E. Moyer , based on his own life as a standup comedian and single member of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter - day Saints ( LDS Church ) .
Loreak , released in the US as Flowers , is a 2014 Basque - language Spanish drama film directed by Jon Garaño and Jose Mari Goenaga .
Kuttapathram is a 1991 Indian Malayalam film , directed by R Chandruand produced by R Chandru .
Kung Fu Pocong Perawan is an Indonesian horror - comedy film which was released on theaters on 12 April 2012 .
Those Dear Departed , also known as Ghosts Can Do It ! , is a 1987 Australian black comedy .
Lorna 's Silence ( French : Le silence de Lorna ) is a 2008 drama film by the Belgian brothers Jean - Pierre and Luc Dardenne .
Jaathre ( Kannada : ಜಾತ್ರೆ ) is a 2015 Indian Kannada language drama film directed by Raviteja .
Wrong Way Kid is a 1983 TV film starring Dick Van Dyke , Keith Coogan , Derek Barton , June Foray , Stan Freberg , Melanie Gaffin , Joan Gerber , Wayne Hall , Don Messick , Jason Naylor and Arnold Stang .
Damascus with Love ( Arabic : دمشق مع حبي dimashq maa ' hubbi ‎ ) , is a 2010 Drama film by Syrian director Mohamad Abdul Aziz .
See What I Say is a 1981 American short documentary film produced by Linda Chapman , Pam LeBlanc and Freddi Stevens .
SteamWorld Dig was initially released on the Nintendo eShop for the Nintendo 3DS in Europe and Australia on 7 August 2013 , North America on 8 August 2013 , and Japan on 20 November 2013 .
Down and Derby is a 2005 comedy film about a Cub Scouts ' pinewood derby race .
The Rushing Tide is a 1927 Australian silent film about the search for a hoard of diamonds .
Aatamin poika is a 1996 Finnish TV film drama lasting 45 minutes .
Saints of Virtue is a 3D medieval first person shooter video game developed by Shine Studios and released in 1999 .
Attack the Gas Station 2 ( Hangul : 주유소 습격사건 2 ; RR : Juyuso seubgyuksageun 2 ) is a 2010 South Korean action comedy film , starring Ji Hyun - woo and Jo Han - sun . It is the sequel to Attack the Gas Station ( 1999 ) , and was released on January 21 , 2010 .
O Sertão das Memórias ( released as Landscapes of Memory in English - speaking market is a 1997 Brazilian documentary film directed by José Araújo . It tells the stories of Antero Marques Araújo and Maria Emilce Pinto . It participated in the Singapore International Film Festival and the 4th International Kerala Film Festival .
Iranium is a 2011 documentary film by director Alex Traiman , Written and Distributed by Clarion Fund .
Dig That Uranium is a 1956 film starring the comedy team of The Bowery Boys .
Every Man Needs One is a 1972 made - for - television romantic comedy movie .
Sammelanam is a 1985 Indian Malayalam film , directed by CP Vijayakumar and produced by Basheer .
Miss December is a 2011 dark romantic comedy directed by Derek Lindeman and written by Faith Brody .
Bhaiyaa is Magahi language film released in 1965 directed by Phani Majumdar .
House of Good and Evil is a 2013 American psychological thriller film directed by David Mun and written by Blu de Golyer .
Aaj Ka Andha Kanoon ( English : Today 's Blind Law ) is a 2003 Indian Bollywood film drama directed by Amit Chandra Sahay .
Salvage with a Smile is a 1940 British , black - and - white , sponsored war film , directed by Adrian Brunel and starring Ronald Shiner as the Dustman .
Silent Hunter is a World War II submarine combat simulation for MS - DOS , developed by Aeon Electronic Entertainment and published by Strategic Simulations in 1996 .
The Diabolical is a 2015 American science fiction horror film directed by Alistair Legrand , written by Legrand and Luke Harvis , and starring Ali Larter as a single mother who battles evil forces in her house .
Amateur Daddy is a 1932 American drama film directed by John G. Blystone and written by Frank Dolan and Doris Malloy .
The Golden Disc ( also known as The In - Between Age ) is a 1958 British pop musical film .
Aruna Raaga ( Kannada : ಅರುಣರಾಗ ) is a 1986 Indian Kannada - language action drama film starring Ananth Nag and Geetha in the lead roles .
Bandit Queen is a 1994 Indian biographical film based on the life of Phoolan Devi .
Septemberland is a Martin Stenmarck studio album , released in 2009 .
Life Without Dick is a direct - to - video 2002 American black comedy film written and directed by Bix Skahill .
Sweet Hostage is a 1975 American romantic drama film based on the novel Welcome to Xanadu by Nathaniel Benchley .
See Jane Date is a romantic comedy film released on August 16 , 2003 by ABC Family .
Risk / Reward is a 2003 documentary film about women on Wall Street .
Mercy Island is a 1941 American drama that was nominated at the 1941 Academy Awards for Best Score of a Dramatic Picture - which Walter Scharf and Cy Feuer received nominations for .
The Tommy Steele Story is a 1957 British film starring Tommy Steele , dramatising Steele 's own rise to fame .
En Veedu En Kanavar ( My house , my husband ) is a 1990 Tamil romantic film directed by Senbaga Raman .
Charlie Chan in the Secret Service is a 1944 mystery film starring Sidney Toler as Charlie Chan .
Wormhole Chasers is a 2007 four - minute short film about a woman who opens her door and finds several people there because a wormhole is about to open in the corner of her apartment .
She 's No Angel is a 2001 television film directed and written by Rachel Feldman , novel I Married a Dead Man .
The Street Singer is a 1912 American short silent drama film .
Gay Purr - ee is an animated film musical produced by United Productions of America and released by Warner Bros. in 1962 .
Sunday Encounter is the US title for a 1958 French comedy - drama film , Un drôle de dimanche .
The Arizona Wildcat is a 1939 American comedy western .
102 Minutes That Changed America is a 102-minute American television special documentary film that was produced by the History channel and premiered commercial - free on September 11 , 2008 , marking the seventh anniversary of the September 11 attacks .
Beyond the Call is a 2006 documentary film about three middle - aged men who are former soldiers and modern - day knights .
7 Days in Havana ( Spanish : 7 días en La Habana ) is a 2012 Spanish - language anthology film .
14 Going on 30 is a 1988 made - for - TV movie broadcast by American Broadcasting Company and Buena Vista Television , and later distributed by Walt Disney Home Video .
The Simian Line is an American improvisational film , released in NY / LA in 2001 .
Juan y Eva ( Spanish : Juan and Eva ) is a 2011 Argentine movie based on the Argentine president Juan Perón and his wife Eva Perón .
Putty Tat Trouble is a 1951 Looney Tunes ( reissued as a 1959 Blue Ribbon Merrie Melodies reissue with the original LT ending ) animated short featuring Sylvester and Tweety , in which Sylvester has a feud with another cat over the canary .
Big Time Concert ( also known as Big Time First Concert ) is the 2010 second made - for - television movie of the series film franchise / season one finale for the television series , Big Time Rush .
The Chairman 's Wife is a 1971 British short drama film directed by Gerry O'Hara and starring John Osborne , Zena Walker , Fiona Lewis and David de Keyser .
Rozbijemy zabawę ( pl . We will break up a party ) was a short film written and directed by Roman Polański in 1957 .
The Dude 's Experience with a Girl on a Tandem , also known as The Dude and the Bathing Girl , is a silent , comedy film made in August 1898 by the American Mutoscope and Biograph Company .
Greeshmam is a 1981 Indian Malayalam film directed by VR Gopinath .
Over the Odds is a 1961 British comedy film directed by Michael Forlong and starring Marjorie Rhodes , Glenn Melvyn , Cyril Smith , Esma Cannon and Thora Hird and Wilfrid Lawson .
The Mango People is a 2015 Malayalam satirical comedy - drama short film written and directed by Saketh Sreemohan starring Savithri Sreedharan , Vishal Shiv Prabhu , and Nithya Sri in the lead .
Main Street to Broadway is a 1953 light drama - comedy by independent producer Lester Cowan , his final credit , in collaboration with The Council of the Living Theatre , which provided tie - up with the Broadway names .
That 's Adequate is a 1989 mockumentary documenting a fictional Hollywood studio , Adequate Film Studios .
Mane Mane Kathe ( Kannada : ಮನೆ ಮನೆ ಕಥೆ ) is a 1981 Indian Kannada film , directed by Rajachandra and produced by B. S. Dwarakish and H. R. Prabhakar Reddy .
Dick Tracy 's Dilemma , released in the United Kingdom as Mark of the Claw , is a 1947 American pulp action film based on the 1930s comic strip character of the same name created by Chester Gould .
Alien Apocalypse is a 2005 Sci Fi channel original movie , directed and written by Josh Becker , and starring Bruce Campbell , Renee O'Connor , Remington Franklin , Michael Cory Davis and Peter Jason .
27 Mavalli Circle ( Kannada : ೨೭ ಮಾವಳ್ಳಿ ಸರ್ಕಲ್ ) is a 1986 Indian Kannada language thriller film directed , written , produced and enacted by T. N. Narasimhan .
Chal Chala Chal is a 2009 Hindi Comedy film .
Veliyattam is a 1981 Indian Malayalam film , directed by PT Rajan and produced by Thomas Mathew .
The Wild Stallion is a film released straight to DVD in late 2009 .
Mystery Road is a 2013 Australian crime film written and directed by Ivan Sen. It was screened in the Special Presentation section at the 2013 Toronto International Film Festival .
Common Bonds is a 1997 independent feature film directed by Antonio Manriquez .
Prompt Payment and Stealing a Ride are two 1911 American silent short comedy films produced by the Thanhouser Company .
The Miniver Story is a 1950 film sequel to the successful 1942 film Mrs. Miniver .
Death Over Shanghai ( German : Tod über Shanghai ) is a 1932 German thriller film directed by Rolf Randolf and starring Gerda Maurus , Else Elster and Theodor Loos .
No te ofendas , Beatriz ( `` No Offence , Beatriz '' ) is a 1953 Mexican film .
At Point Blank ( Swedish : Rånarna ) is a 2003 Swedish action film .
Wizard and the Princess ( 1980 ) , also known as Adventure in Serenia ( 1982 ) , is a 1980s computer game by On - Line Systems for the Apple II , Apple II Plus , and Commodore 64 .
The Haunted Barn is a short 1931 Australian comedy film produced by F.W. Thring directed by Gregan McMahon .
Departure of a Grand Old Man ( Russian : Уход великого старца , translit . Ukhod velikovo startza ) is a 1912 Russian silent film about the last days of author Leo Tolstoy .
Getting Lucky ( also known as Wish Me Luck ) is a 1990 American fantasy - comedy film directed and written by Michael Paul Girard .
Hot for Paris is a 1929 American black - and - white romantic adventure musical film .
Bramble , During the Summer is a Russian film produced in 2006 .
Totem and Ore is a book written by B Wongar in 2006 .
Step Up 3D ( also known as Step Up 3 ) is a 2010 American 3D dance film written by Amy Andelson and Emily Meyer and directed by Step Up 2 :
Yankee Doodle Dandy is a 1942 American biographical musical film about George M. Cohan , known as `` The Man Who Owned Broadway '' .
Jaise Ko Taisa is a 1973 Bollywood drama film , produced by M. Saravanan , M. Balasubramaniam on AVM Productions banner , directed by Murugan Kumaran .
Preacherman is a 1971 American comedy film written , directed , and starring Albert T. Viola .
Death Do Us Part is a 2014 horror film directed by Nicholas Humphries , and written by Julia Benson , Ryan Copple , and Peter Benson .
Mi novia está de madre is a Dominican comedy movie released in the summer of 2007 .
Seeta Rama Jananam ( Telugu : సీతారామ జననం ) is a 1944 Telugu film directed by Ghantasala Balaramaiah .
The Great Gold Swindle is a 1984 Australian TV movie based on the Perth Mint Swindle .
At the Foot of the Ladder is a 1912 American silent short romantic comedy written by Lloyd Lonergan .
Venus Peter is a 1989 British drama film directed by Ian Sellar and produced by Christopher Young for Young films .
Mukhamariyaathe is a 2006 Indian Malayalam film directed by P Rajasekharan .
Jaadayum Mudiyum ( English : Attitude ) is a 2015 Malayalam Comedy film directed by Abhai Asokan and scripted by Lijo Pavaratty .
Journey Escape is a videogame developed and manufactured by Data Age in San Jose , California for the Atari 2600 console , and released in 1982 .
The Little Book of Revenge ( French : Guide de la petite vengeance ) is a Genie nominated French language Canadian film released in 2006 .
Doctor Bello is a 2013 Nigerian Adventure drama film directed by Tony Abulu starring Isaiah Washington , Vivica A. Fox , Jimmy Jean - Louis , Genevieve Nnaji , Stephanie Okereke , Justus Esiri , Ebbe Bassey and Jon Freda .
Catch as Cats Can is a 1947 animated cartoon featuring caricatures of Frank Sinatra and Bing Crosby as birds , and a cat that resembles Sylvester the Cat .
The Devil 's Violinist is a 2013 film based on the life story of the 19th - century Italian violinist and composer Niccolò Paganini .
Vaada Raha ( English : I Promise ) is a Hindi film , released on 11 September 2009 .
Drums of Fu Manchu ( 1940 ) is a 15-chapter Republic movie serial based on the character created by Sax Rohmer .
Sensei Redenshon is a 2013 action drama - martial arts film produced by Alejandra Sanchez Gruber and directed by independent Curaçaoan filmmaker German Gruber , Jr. The film is entirely spoken in Papiamentu , but subtitles are shown and are available in both Dutch and English .
Dumbbells in Ermine is a 1930 American early talkie pre - Code comedy film based on the 1925 play Weak Sisters by Lynn Starling .
Evil Come , Evil Go is a 1972 softcore pornographic horror film written and directed by Walt Davis .
If Winter Comes is a 1947 drama film released by MGM .
Aitaré da Praia is a 1925 Brazilian film directed by Gentil Roiz in the city of Recife .
Raja Narasimha ( Kannada : ರಾಜ ನರಸಿಂಹ ) is a 2003 Indian Kannada romantic drama - action film directed by Muthyala Subbaiah and written by Posani Krishna Murali .
Pradakshinam is a 1994 Indian Malayalam film , directed by Pradeep Chokli , starring Manoj K Jayan , Sunitha and Maathu in the lead roles .
In Search of Lovecraft is a 2008 American horror film that was directed and written by David J. Hohl .
Pure Punjabi ( Punjabi : ਪਿਉਰ ਪੰਜਾਬੀ ) is a 2012 Punjabi musical drama film for all audiences from the producers of Mel Karade Rabba , Jihne Mera Dil Luteya , and Yaar Annmulle .
Holiday in Handcuffs is an American crime comedy television movie that originally aired on ABC Family on December 9 , 2007 , as a part of the network 's 25 Days of Christmas programming block .
Pumping Iron is a 1977 docudrama about the world of bodybuilding , focusing on the 1975 IFBB Mr. Universe and Mr. Olympia competitions .
Project Makeover ( Hangul : 언니가 간다 ; RR : Eonni - ga Ganda ; also known as Operation Makeover or Go Go Sister ) is a 2007 South Korean film .
Stargoose is a computer game for the Amiga , Atari ST and IBM PC computers , published by Logotron in 1988 .
Margery and Gladys is a television film released in 2003 .
Chutti Chathan is a 2010 Indian Tamil - language 3D film written and directed by Jijo .
Ghost Cat , also released as Mrs. Ashboro 's Cat or The Cat That Came Back , is a 2003 Animal Planet television film starring Ellen Page and Nigel Bennett .
Bowl of Oatmeal is a 1996 film directed & produced by a group of six students at New York University - School of Continuing Education .
Barry McKenzie Holds His Own is the 1974 sequel to the 1972 Australian comedy film The Adventures of Barry McKenzie .
Bhalobaslei Ghor Bandha Jay Na ( Bengali : ভালবাসলেই ঘর বাঁধা যায় না ) is a 2010 Dhallywood drama film directed by Jakir Hossain Raju , who also wrote the story and screenplay , and produced by Mastex Production .
Iceland 's Bell ( 1943 ) , The Bright Jewel or The Fair Maiden ( 1944 ) and Fire in Copenhagen ( 1946 ) .
Graphic Sexual Horror is a 2009 independent film written and directed by Anna Lorentzon and Barbara Bell in their directorial debut .
Watercolor Painting in a Rainy Day 2 ( Hangul : 비오는 날 수채화 2 ; RR : Bioneun nal suchaehwa 2 ) is a 1993 South Korean film , the sequel of Watercolor Painting in a Rainy Day ( 1989 ) .
Ta Khar Ta Yan Hni A Chit The Ei Tho Phit Tat The is a 2004 Burmese romantic drama film directed by Malekha Soe Htike Aung .
Crazy Sue Goes On was first released in 1992 as cover disk of the Amiga Mania magazine by MC Publications in the UK and in the Amiga Fun magazine by CompuTec Verla in Germany Amiga Joker gave the game a review score of 60 % .
The Glorious Adventure is a lost 1918 American silent drama film which was one of the last films made using the Kinemacolor process .
Kanchanam is a 1996 Indian Malayalam film directed by TN Vasanth Kumar and starring Manoj K Jayan and Srividya in the lead roles .
David Loman ( 大尾鱸鰻 ) is a 2013 Taiwanese comedy film directed by Chiu Li - kwan .
My Tutor Friend 2 ( Hangul : 동갑내기 과외하기 레슨 II ; RR : Donggabnaegi gwaoehagi reseun II ; lit . `` My Tutor Friend Lesson 2 '' ) is a 2007 South Korean romantic comedy film released on April 19 , 2007 .
The Way Ahead is a British Second World War drama released in 1944 .
Sparrow Unit is a 1987 Filipino action film directed by Ben Yalung , Followed by the 1988 Filipino action film Cine Suerte ' Starring Ramon ' Bong ' Revilla Jr. , Ronnie Ricketts , Debbie Miller , Sonny Parsons , Dick Israel , King Gutierrez and George Estregan Jr. , Directed by :
Thanthonni ( Malayalam : താന്തോന്നി ) is a 2010 Malayalam - language film released on 19 March 2010 .
Kushikushigaa is a Telugu film released on 16 April 2004 starring Jagapati Babu , Venu , Sangeeta , Nikita and Ramya Krishna .
Sky Trooper is a 1942 animated cartoon by Walt Disney Studios starring Donald Duck during the World War II years .
The Children of Soong Ching Ling is a 1984 Canadian short documentary film directed by Gary Bush .
The Abominable Snow Rabbit is a six - minute 1961 Warner Bros. Looney Tunes theatrical cartoon starring Bugs Bunny and Daffy Duck .
Begging for Billionaires is a 2009 American documentary film exposing abuses of eminent domain .
The Muslim Jesus is a 2007 British documentary directed and produced by Irshad Ashraf , and commissioned and narrated by Melvyn Bragg .
Galería de esperanzas is a 1934 Argentine tango film directed by Carlos de la Pua .
Countdown to Armageddon is a 2004 History Channel documentary film that reviews the history of apocalyptic literature ( Armageddon ) .
Presenting Lily Mars is a 1943 American musical motion picture produced by Metro - Goldwyn - Mayer and released in 1943 .
Confessions from a Holiday Camp is a 1977 British comedy film .
Charge of the Model T 's is a 1977 American comedy spy film directed by Jim McCullough Sr . with the screenplay by Jim McCullough Jr. based upon the novel of the same name by Lee Somerville .
Jaan Pechaan is a 1991 family - drama Indian Hindi film directed by Kamal Saigal and produced by Ravie Sonie .
An acting edition of Topless in Philadelphia was published by Matador Books in 2009 .
Broadcasting Girl ( Chinese : 我的播音系女友 ) is a 2014 Chinese romantic comedy film directed by Cheng Zhonghao and Wang Kai .
Radio Bemba Sound System is a live album by Manu Chao that was released in 2002 .
The First Seven Days is an album recorded by jazz musician Jan Hammer in 1975 .
This , That and the Other , originally released as A Promise of Bed , is a 1969 British sex comedy , featuring a trilogy of stories .
The Feminist and the Fuzz is a 1971 American made - for - television comedy film starring Barbara Eden , David Hartman , Jo Anne Worley , Herb Edelman and Julie Newmar .
Rubik , the Amazing Cube is a 30-minute Saturday morning animated series based on the puzzle created by Ernő Rubik , produced by Ruby - Spears Enterprises and broadcast as part of The Pac - Man / Rubik , the Amazing Cube Hour block on ABC from September 10 , 1983 to September 1 , 1984 .
Kaay Raav Tumhi is a Marathi language comedy movie released in 2015 .
Death Drums Along the River ( titled Sanders in the USA ) is a 1963 British - German international co - production , using the characters from Edgar Wallace 's 1911 novel Sanders of the River and Zoltán Korda 's 1935 film based on the novel , but placed in a totally different story .
Chattam ( English : Law ) is a 2011 action Telugu film produced by Natti Kumar & Tummalapalli Rama Satyanarayana on Vishaka Talkies banner , directed by P.A. Arun Prasad .
Another Job for the Undertaker is a 1901 silent fantasy - comedy film made by Edison Studios .
Silence Becomes You is a 2005 British thriller film starring Alicia Silverstone , Sienna Guillory and Joe Anderson .
The Heart of No Place is a 2009 independent film written and directed by Rika Ohara , based on reinterpretation of Yoko Ono 's life and work .
Korsakovia was released for free download on September 20 , 2009 .
The Two Worlds of Jennie Logan is a 1979 American television movie which is an adaptation of David L. Williams ' novel Second Sight .
Stagecoach to Denver is a 1946 American Western ; one of Republic Pictures Red Ryder film series directed by R.G. Springsteen .
Mending Fences ( working titles The View From Here and Prosper 's Last Stand ) is a television movie that premiered on Hallmark Channel July 18 , 2009 .
One Hundred Years of Mormonism is a 1913 film depicting the early history of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter - day Saints .
Ten Minutes Older is a 2002 film project consisting of two compilation feature films titled The Trumpet and The Cello .
Charlie & Me is a made - for - TV movie that premiered on Hallmark Channel on January 5 , 2008 .
Hum Sab Ullu Hain ( Hindi : हम सब उल्लू हैं English : We all are owls ) is an Indian 2015 Bollywood comedy film directed by T Manwani Anand and produced by Sona T Manwani under the Sona Enterprises banner .
Raven 's End ( Swedish : Kvarteret Korpen ) is a 1963 Swedish drama film directed by Bo Widerberg , about an aspiring working - class writer in Malmö .
Let 's Get a Divorce is a 1918 American silent comedy film starring Billie Burke and written for the screen by husband and wife team John Emerson and Anita Loos .
The Devil Worshippers ( German : Die Teufelsanbeter ) is a six - chapter 1920 silent German film directed by the Turkish director Muhsin Ertuğrul , written by Marie Luise Droop , and featuring Carl de Vogt in the title - role of Kara Ben Nemsi .
Airplane ! ( titled Flying High ! in Australia , New Zealand , South Africa , Japan and the Philippines ) is a 1980 American parody film directed and written by David Zucker , Jim Abrahams , and Jerry Zucker and released by Paramount Pictures .
Charro ! is a 1969 American western film starring Elvis Presley shot on location at Apacheland Movie Ranch and Old Tucson Studios in Arizona .
`` Jimmy 's Fake Girlfriend '' is the 14th episode of the second season of the Fox sitcom Raising Hope , and a special Valentine 's Day episode .
`` And Now His Watch Is Ended '' is the fourth episode of the third season of HBO 's fantasy television series Game of Thrones , and the 24th episode of the series .
`` Charity Bounce '' is an episode of the award - winning British comedy television series The Goodies .
The Big Nowhere is a 1988 crime fiction novel by James Ellroy , the second of the L.A. Quartet , a series of novels set in 1940s and 1950s Los Angeles .
`` Xmas Party '' is the sixth episode and series finale of the first series of The Inbetweeners .
Time of Hope is the first chronological entry in C. P. Snow 's series of novels Strangers and Brothers , and the third to be published .
`` Guitar Queer - O '' is the thirteenth episode of the eleventh season and the 166th overall episode of American animated television series South Park , which first aired on Comedy Central on November 7 , 2007 .
Nightmare in Pink is the second novel in the Travis McGee series written by John D. McDonald .
`` Mrs. Donaghy '' is the eleventh episode of the fifth season of the American television comedy series 30 Rock , and the 91st overall episode of the series .
The Rover 75 is an executive car produced by British automobile manufacturers Rover Group and later by MG Rover , under the Rover marque .
Spires of Spirit , by Gael Baudino , is a collection of six novellas set in the universe of The Strands Series .
Facing the Future is a young adult Christian novel written by Jerry B. Jenkins and Tim LaHaye , number four of the Left Behind : The Kids series .
The King was in his Counting House is the seventh episode of the fifth series of the British comedy series Dad 's Army that was originally transmitted on 17 November 1972 .
`` Coon vs. Coon and Friends '' is the thirteenth episode of the fourteenth season and the 208th overall episode of Comedy Central 's series South Park .
`` The Soul Mate '' is the 136th episode of the American television sitcom Seinfeld .
`` Conspiracy Theories and Interior Design '' is the ninth episode of the second season of the American comedy television series Community , and the 34th episode of the series overall .
Sharpe 's Fury is the eleventh historical novel in the Richard Sharpe series by Bernard Cornwell , published in 2006 .
`` The Rings of Akhaten '' is the seventh episode of the seventh series of the British science - fiction drama Doctor Who , first broadcast on BBC One on 6 April 2013 .
Wall Around a Star is the second book of the Saga of Cuckoo series , following Farthest Star .
`` T.R.A.C.K.S. '' is the thirteenth episode of the first season of the American television series Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. , based on the Marvel Comics organization S.H.I.E.L.D. ( Strategic Homeland Intervention , Enforcement and Logistics Division ) , revolving around the character of Phil Coulson and his team of S.H.I.E.L.D. agents as they hunt for rogue businessman Ian Quinn .
Mini MPV ( short for mini multi - purpose vehicle ) is a car classification used in some countries to describe superminis or subcompacts which have taller build and often with a flexible interior layout , fitting below the compact MPV and large MPV / Minivan classifications .
`` Brother , Can You Spare Two Dimes ? '' is the twenty - fourth and final episode of The Simpsons ' third season .
`` I , Darrin , Take This Witch , Samantha '' ( also known simply as `` I , Darrin '' ) is the pilot episode of American television series Bewitched .
`` Peter 's Got Woods '' is the eleventh episode and the mid - season premiere from the fourth season of the FOX animated series Family Guy .
The Neutronium Alchemist is a science fiction novel by Peter F. Hamilton and is the second book in The Night 's Dawn Trilogy .
Downhearted Duckling is the 87th one reel animated Tom and Jerry cartoon released .
Tommy Pickles and The Great White Thing is a 6 1/2 minute unaired pilot for the popular animated series Rugrats .
Magic Steps is the opening book of The Circle Opens quartet of young adult fantasy novels by Tamora Pierce .
`` Blue Dots '' is the eighth episode of the first series of the Fox sitcom Raising Hope .
`` Port in a Storm '' is the 12th and final episode of the second season of the HBO original series , The Wire .
`` The Builders '' is the second episode in the first series of the BBC TV sitcom Fawlty Towers .
Big Time Movie is a television film adaptation based on the Nickelodeon television series , Big Time Rush , which aired March 10 , 2012 ( in the US ) .
`` Abyssinia , Henry '' is the 72nd episode of the M*A*S*H television series , and the final episode of the series ' third season .
`` Management Training '' is the third episode of the first season in the Swift and Shift Couriers Series .
`` Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus '' is the second season premiere of the animated television series South Park , and the 14th overall episode of the series .
`` The Reichenbach Fall '' is the third and final episode of the second series of the BBC television series Sherlock .
`` Would I Think of Suicide ? '' is the 120th episode of the ABC television series , Desperate Housewives .
Halt 's Peril is the ninth book in the international best - selling Ranger 's Apprentice series by John Flanagan
`` Pavor Nocturnus '' is the fifth episode of the second season of Canadian television series Sanctuary , and is the 18th episode overall .
`` Jack - Tor '' is the fifth episode of the first season of the American situation comedy 30 Rock , which aired on November 16 , 2006 on the NBC network in the United States , and on November 8 , 2007 in the United Kingdom .
`` The Trade - Ins '' is episode 96 of the American television anthology series The Twilight Zone .
`` Cute Poison '' is the fourth episode of television series Prison Break .
`` Bart Carny '' is the twelfth episode of The Simpsons ' ninth season , originally airing on the Fox network on January 11 , 1998 .
The Enemy of the World is the fourth serial of the fifth season of the British science fiction television series Doctor Who , which originally aired in six weekly parts from 23 December 1967 to 27 January 1968 .
Death to the Queen is the second episode of the syndicated television series Queen of Swords airing October 14 , 2000 .
`` The Mook , the Chef , the Wife and Her Homer '' is the season premiere of The Simpsons '' eighteenth season and first aired September 10 , 2006 .
The Hyundai Getz is a supermini car produced by the South Korean manufacturer Hyundai from 2002 to 2011 .
`` The Farnsworth Parabox '' is the fifteenth episode of the fourth production season of Futurama .
`` Not Pictured '' is the second season finale of the American mystery television series Veronica Mars , serving as the twenty - second episode of the season and the forty - fourth episode overall .
Hatch Up Your Troubles is a 1949 one - reel animated cartoon made in 1948 and is the 41st Tom and Jerry short produced by Fred Quimby and directed by William Hanna and Joseph Barbera , with musical supervision by Scott Bradley and animation by Ed Barge , Ray Patterson , Irven Spence and Kenneth Muse .
Four Blind Mice is the eighth novel featuring the Washington , D.C. homicide detective and forensic psychologist Alex Cross written by James Patterson .
María Grever ( 14 September 1885 -- 15 December 1951 ) was the first female Mexican musician to become a successful composer .
Leila Meskhi ( Georgian : ლეილა მესხი ; born 5 January 1968 ) is a retired Georgian professional female tennis player .
When Lord Leith died in 1925 without male heir , thus resulting in the extinction of the title , Burn changed his name by deed poll to Charles Forbes - Leith of Fyvie and was able to inherit the family seat of Fyvie Castle .
The then Government of Bengal recognised his liberality by naming a ward in his honour , The Mutty Lall Seal Ward , for native male patients .
Mariam Ndagire ( born 16 May 1971 ) is a Ugandan female singer , entertainer , actress , playwright , film director and producer .
Annie Gariepy ( born May 12 , 1975 in Bromont , Québec ) is a female member of the Canadian cycling team and has cycled for the American team auto trader .
Charlotte Grace O'Brien ( 1845 - -1909 ) was an Irish author and philanthropist , an activist in nationalist causes and the protection of female emigrants .
Ann VanderMeer ( née Kennedy ) is an American publisher and editor , and the second female editor of the horror magazine Weird Tales .
Douglas Lennox - Silva ( born April 10 , 1987 in Fort Lauderdale , Florida ) is a male butterfly swimmer from Puerto Rico , who was born in the United States .
Carolyne Lepage ( born June 9 , 1975 in Montreal , Quebec ) is a female judoka from Canada , who won the silver medal in the women 's extra lightweight division ( -- 48 kg ) at the 2003 Pan American Games in Santo Domingo , Dominican Republic .
Shaheila binti Abdul Majid ( born 3 January 1965 in Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia ) , commonly known as Sheila Majid is a Malaysian female pop singer .
Yu Geli ( simplified Chinese : 于格丽 ; traditional Chinese : 於格麗 ; pinyin : Yú Gélì ; born March 29 , 1976 in Laiyang , Yantai , Shandong ) is a female Chinese handball player who competed in the 1996 Summer Olympics and in the 2004 Summer Olympics .
Jessica Rossi ( born 7 January 1992 ) is a female Italian sports shooter .
Devon Diggle ( born 15 June 1988 in Montreal , Quebec ) is a male former water polo player from Canada .
Silje Wergeland was a founding member of the female group of gothic / doom metal Octavia Sperati in 2000 , where she remained as vocalist and one of the main songwriters along with Gyri Losnegaard and Bodil Myklebust , until 2008 .
Who In - jung ( born 19 April 1974 ) is a former South Korean male volleyball player .
Tracy - Ann Rowe ( born 17 September 1985 in Manchester , Jamaica ) is a female track and field sprinter from Jamaica , who competes in the 100 metres and 200 metres .
Anne Statt ( married Anne Skovgaard ) is a retired female badminton player from England , who later started for Denmark .
Amy Gore ( b. December 18 ) is an American singer - songwriter , guitarist and founding member of the all - female band the Gore Gore Girls from Detroit , Michigan .
Dorota Świeniewicz ( born 27 July 1972 ) is a female Polish volleyball player , a member of Poland women 's national volleyball team in 1991 - -2009 , double European Champion ( 2003 , 2005 ) , Polish Champion ( 1996 , 2010 ) , Italian Champion ( 2003 , 2005 ) .
Brian Vetter is a retired male lacrosse player who played midfield for the Chesapeake Bayhawks and the Philadelphia Barrage of Major League Lacrosse .
Faith Idehen ( born May 2 , 1973 ) is a retired female sprinter from Nigeria .
Božidara Turzonovová is a daughter of a female medician from Serbia and a reputable architect with origins in Macedonia ( near Thessaloniki ) .
Allegra Lapi ( born 8 September 1985 ) is an Italian female former water polo player .
Upon the death of Johann Berenberg 's brother Cornelius in 1773 , the Berenberg family became extinct in the male line and Johann Hinrich Gossler became the company 's sole owner .
Iga Klesyk is a Polish female acrobatic gymnast .
Haji Ally ( born May 25 , 1968 ) is a retired male boxer from Tanzania , who represented his native East African country as a bantamweight at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul , South Korea .
Diana Prazak is a professional female boxer from Australia .
Jael Uribe Elizabeth Medina is best known as Jael Uribe ( Santo Domingo , Dominican Republic , February 10 , 1975 ) is a writer , storyteller , poet and painter creator of the female poetic foundation named Women Poets International .
Begünhan Elif Ünsal ( born January 4 , 1993 ) is a Turkish female archer .
Hitomi Kaneko ( 金子仁美 ) is a female Japanese classical music composer .
Kim Guy - hyun ( Korean : 김귀현 ; born 12 January 1975 ) is a retired South Korean female volleyball player .
Andrey Moruyev ( Russian : Андрей Моруев ; born 6 May 1970 in Petrozavodsk , Republic of Karelia ) is a retired male javelin thrower from Russia .
Tatyana Ragozina ( Ukrainian : Тетяна Рагозіна ; born September 3 , 1964 ) is a retired female race walker from Ukraine , who competed for her native country at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta , United States .
Ren Liping ( simplified Chinese : 任丽萍 ; traditional Chinese : 任麗萍 ; pinyin : Rèn Lìpíng ; born October 21 , 1978 in Beijing ) is a female Chinese football ( soccer ) player who competed at the 2004 Summer Olympics .
Abrotelia ( fl . 5th century B.C.E. ) was a female Pythagorean philosopher .
María Romary Rifka González ( born 23 December 1970 in Poza Rica , Veracruz ) is a female Mexican high jumper .
Mary Hall ( August 16 , 1843 -- November 15 , 1927 ) was the first female lawyer in Connecticut , and also a poet , a suffragist , and a philanthropist .
Sara Keçeci ( born October 21 , 1994 ) is a Turkish - Danish female handballer playing in goalkeeper position .
Awatef Rasheed ( Arabic : عواطف تركي رشيد‎ ; born 1956 in Basra , Iraq ) is an Iraqi Canadian writer , secular women 's rights activist , and the first Iraqi female recipient of Femmy Award .
Seth Burnham ( born May 31 , 1977 in Santa Cruz , California ) is a male beach volleyball and volleyball player from the United States who participated at the NORCECA Circuit 2009 at Manzanillo playing with Marcin Jagoda .
Sofia Ionescu - Ogrezeanu ( 25 April 1920 -- 21 March 2008 ) was a Romanian neurosurgeon and is considered one of the first female neurosurgeons in the world .
Marijke Schaar ( born 12 November 1944 ) , also known under her maiden name Marijke Jansen , is a former Dutch female tennis player who was active during the 1960s and 70s .
Viktoriya Kutuzova ( , born 19 August 1988 ) is a former female tennis player from Ukraine .
Lee Bo - ra ( born 16 August 1986 ) is a South Korean female speed skater .
Miki Kanie ( born December 4 , 1988 , in Gifu ) is a Japanese female archer .
Shortly after the discovery of Windeby I , another bog body ( an adult male ) was found nearby and dubbed Windeby II .
Paula Todoran ( born June 9 , 1985 in Zalău ) is a female long - distance runner from Romania .
She was described by The Observer as ' ' a rare female face in the male - dominated world of dubstep , Ikonika melds the genre 's juddering bass with Aphex Twin - style melodic mischief - making .
Kathryn J. DuFour ( March 19 , 1910 -- February 4 , 2005 ) was the first female judge in the Maryland Circuit Courts .
Jean Sayegh ( born June 28 , 1981 in Lebanon ) is a male water polo player from Canada .
Zhong Weiping ( simplified Chinese : 仲维萍 ; traditional Chinese : 仲維萍 ; pinyin : Zhòng Wéipíng ; born October 23 , 1981 in Shanghai ) is a female Chinese épée fencer .
Shannon Faulkner , born in Powdersville , South Carolina , United States , graduated from Wren High School in 1993 , was the first female cadet to enter The Citadel .
Marise Kruger ( born 17 July 1958 ) is a former South African female tennis player who was active in the second half of the 1970s .
Andrei Sartassov ( born 10 November 1975 ) is a male road racing cyclist from Russia , but now racing under a Chilean licence .
Maureen Flowers ( born 6 December 1945 ) was for many years the number - one female darts player in the 1970s and the 1980s .
Venera Getova ( Bulgarian : Венера Гетова , born 13 December 1980 in Pleven ) is a female discus thrower from Bulgaria .
Teresa Wintermyr is a Swedish female kickboxer and former model , based in Phuket , Thailand .
Bettina Sabatini ( born March 21 , 1966 in Aalborg , Denmark ) is a retired female marathon runner from Italy .
Henrietta Bell Wells ( October 11 , 1912 -- February 27 , 2008 ) was the first female member of the debate team at historically black Wiley College in Texas .
Jin Yang ( simplified Chinese : 金杨 ; traditional Chinese : 金楊 ; pinyin : Jīn Yáng ; born in Harbin ) is a Chinese male pair skater .
She also ran the Ministries of Labor and Health , founded and ran the charitable Eva Perón Foundation , championed women 's suffrage in Argentina , and founded and ran the nation 's first large - scale female political party , the Female Peronist Party .
Houn Jiyu - Kennett ( Japanese : 法雲慈友ケネット , January 1 , 1924 -- November 6 , 1996 ) , born Peggy Teresa Nancy Kennett , was a British roshi most famous for having been the first female to be sanctioned by the Soto School of Japan to teach in the West .
Herta Oberheuser was the only female defendant in the Nuremberg Medical Trial , where she was sentenced to 20 years in jail .
Modesto Lara Arias ( born October 29 , 1973 ) is a male judoka from the Dominican Republic , who won the silver medal in the men 's extra lightweight division ( -- 60 kg ) at the 2003 Pan American Games in Santo Domingo , Dominican Republic .
Dani Behr is a graduate of the Sylvia Young Theatre School , and was discovered by Pet Shop Boys manager Tom Watkins , who put her in his female Bros concept , Faith Hope & Charity singing alongside Diana Barrand and future Xpansions star Sally Ann Marsh , signed to the WEA record company .
Tatsiana Hramyka ( April 4 , 1986 ) is a Belarusian female weightlifter .
Kamila Ganszczyk ( born 2 December 1991 ) is a Polish female volleyball player , playing as a middle - blocker .
Amalia Assur ( 1803 - -1889 ) was the first female dentist in Sweden .
Melahat Eryurt , ( October 27 , 1975 in Hannover , West Germany ) , is a Turkish female footballer .
Kiplimo Kimutai ( born December 10 , 1981 ) is a male long - distance runner from Kenya .
Evangelia Xinou ( Greek : Ευαγγελία Ξυνού ; born November 22 , 1981 in Athens ) is a female Greek race walker .
Virgil Severns ( born May 22 , 1929 ) is a former male high jumper from the United States , who competed in the 1940s and 1950s .
Although Rachilde was married to a man , her experience was not that typical of a cisgender , heterosexual female .
Fatih Üçüncü ( born March 14 , 1989 in Samsun , Turkey ) is a male wrestler from Turkey competing in the 55 kg division of Greco - Roman style .
Hicham Arazi ( Arabic : هشام أرازي‎ ; born 19 October 1973 ) is a former male tennis player from Morocco .
Jilloo Maa was a female actor in Bollywood Hindi films based in Mumbai , India .
In 1989 , the Guerilla Girls , an anonymous group of feminist , female artists , recognized Nellie Mae Rowe along the ranks of the Frida Kahlo , Edmonia Lewis , and Georgia O'Keeffe .
The Three Musketeers , Goofy and Clarabelle seem to have affections for one another ; perhaps as an attempt for Disney to give Goofy a girlfriend to match his two male co - stars .
Biplab Chatterjee is a Bengali Indian male actor and director of television and films .
Manuela Priemer ( born November 19 , 1978 in Weiden in der Oberpfalz , Bavaria ) is a retired female hammer thrower from Germany .
Amy Eilberg ( born October 12 , 1954 ) is the first female rabbi ordained in Conservative Judaism .
Solé started her career as a hardcore female rap / hip - hop artist by attracting attention in the summer of 1999 with her appearance on J.T. Money 's hit single `` Who Dat '' .
Cao Lei ( Chinese : 曹磊 ; pinyin : Cáo Lěi ; born 24 December 1983 in Qinhuangdao , Hebei ) is a female Chinese weightlifter .
Christiane Fürst ( born March 29 , 1985 in Dresden ) is a German female volleyball player .
Kirill Skachkov is a male table tennis player from Russia .
Sandi Bowen ( born 12 February 1976 in Melbourne ) is a former Australian female volleyball player .
Virginia Liston ( 1890 -- June 1932 ) was an American classic female blues and jazz singer .
Markis Kido ( born 11 August 1984 in Jakarta ) is a male badminton player from Indonesia , one of the world 's leading men 's doubles specialists .
Regina Joyce ( born February 7 , 1957 ) is a retired female long - distance runner originally from Ireland .
Megan Sneddon ( born 9 September 1985 ) is a Scottish female footballer who plays for Motherwell Ladies in the SWFL Div 2 SE / West .
Kim Kum - ok ( born December 9 , 1988 ) is a female long - distance runner from North Korea , who specializes in the half marathon and marathon events .
Azza Attoura is a Syrian female kick boxer .
Katalin Kelemen is the first female rabbi in Hungary , where she was born .
Philipp Walsleben ( born November 19 , 1987 in Potsdam ) is a German professional cyclo - cross racing cyclist , who competes with the BKCP - Powerplus team .
Liviu - Dieter Nisipeanu ( born 1 August 1976 ) is a Romanian - born German chess grandmaster .
Stefán Rafn Sigurmannsson ( born 19 May 1990 ) is an Icelandic handball player who currently plays for Rhein - Neckar Löwen .
The LPGA of Korea Tour is a South Korean professional golf tour for women .
The 1977 NSL Cup was the first season of the National Soccer League Cup , which was a national association football ( soccer ) knockout cup competition in Australia .
Tibor Pleiß ( /plaɪs/ , alternative spelling Pleiss ; born 2 November 1989 ) is a German professional basketball player for the Idaho Stampede of the NBA Development League , on assignment from the Utah Jazz of the National Basketball Association ( NBA ) .
Warkworth AFC or Warkworth Jennian for sponsorship purposes is a semi - professional association football club in the Warkworth , New Zealand .
Christian Petrus Strauss , ( born 28 June 1965 in Upington , South Africa ) commonly known as Tiaan Strauss was a rugby footballer who represented both South Africa and Australia at International level in rugby union and also played top - level domestic rugby league in Australia .
Muhammad Roslin Hashim ( born 23 October 1975 in Kota Bharu , Kelantan ) is a retired Malaysian former World No.1 professional badminton player .
Kerry - Anne Guse ( 4 December 1972 ) is an Australian tennis player .
Vicki Daldy ( born 24 October 1966 ) is a retired Australian women 's basketball player , who represented the country at both junior and senior levels .
The Central Florida Warriors are a semi - professional rugby league team based in Deland , Florida .
Jón Loftur Árnason ( born 13 November 1960 ) is an Icelandic chess grandmaster , three - time national champion , and successful businessman .
Tim Horan AM ( born 18 May 1970 ) is a former Australian rugby union footballer .
Harold Solomon ( born September 17 , 1952 ) is a former American professional tennis player whose career was during the 1970s and 1980s .
Ružica Meglaj - Rimac ( February 15 , 1941 - July 11 , 1996 ) was a former Yugoslav and Croatian basketball player born in Croatian - Slovenian family .
Mathias Patin ( born April 25 , 1974 in Colombes , Hauts - de - Seine ) is a French volleyball player , who won the bronze medal with the France men 's national volleyball team at the 2002 World Championships .
Geoff Platt ( born July 10 , 1985 ) is a Canadian - Belarusian ice hockey player , currently playing for CSKA Moscow of the Kontinental Hockey League .
The Campionati Internazionali di Sicilia was a men 's professional tennis tournament held annually in Palermo in Italy .
Thomas Muster ( born 2 October 1967 ) is a former World No . 1 tennis player from Austria .
Midway Stadium is the name of two different minor league baseball parks in Saint Paul , Minnesota , United States , both now demolished .
Eugene Donnelly has been rallying for 30 years .
The 2014 Men 's Hockey World Cup was the 13th edition of the Hockey World Cup field hockey tournament .
Elżbieta Kowalska ( born 1 June 1944 ) , née Kłaput , later Lipska , is a Polish chess player who won the Polish Women 's Chess Championship in 1967 .
The Cleveland Cavaliers , also known as the Cavs , are an American professional basketball team based in Cleveland , Ohio .
High1 ( Korean : 하이원 ) is a professional ice hockey team based in Goyang , South Korea , and is a member of Asia League Ice Hockey .
Balázs Ladányi ( born January 6 , 1976 in Dunaújváros , Hungary ) is a Hungarian professional ice hockey player .
The Sydney Blue Sox are a professional baseball team , and one of six foundation teams in the re - formed Australian Baseball League ( ABL ) .
The Kalevan Pallo ( KalPa ) is a professional ice hockey team who compete in the Finnish Liiga .
Andrés Gómez Santos ( born February 27 , 1960 , in Guayaquil , Ecuador ) is an Ecuadorian former professional tennis player , best known for winning the Men 's Singles title at the French Open in 1990 .
Eric Czerniewski ( born March 5 , 1988 ) is an American football quarterback who won the Harlon Hill Trophy as the top player in the NCAA Division II in 2010 in his senior year at University of Central Missouri .
The Wests Tigers are an Australian professional rugby league football club based in Sydney 's Inner West .
Ashton Rome ( born December 31 , 1985 ) is a Canadian professional ice hockey winger , currently playing for the Schwenninger Wild Wings of the Deutsche Eishockey Liga ( DEL ) .
The Italian International in badminton is an international open held in Italy since 1995 .
Flinder Boyd ( born February 12 , 1980 ) is a retired British basketball player born in California to British parents .
Bryan Chiu ( born August 16 , 1974 in Vancouver , British Columbia ) is a retired professional Canadian football player who played centre for the Montreal Alouettes of the Canadian Football League since the 1997 CFL season .
Keni Doidoi ( born 26 November 1976 ) is an association football player from Fiji .
The 1984 Porsche Grand Prix was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts in Filderstadt , Germany that was part of the 1984 Virginia Slims World Championship Series .
Marie Wagner ( February 2 , 1883 -- April 1 , 1975 or March 28 , 1975 ) was an American tennis champion .
VfL Bergen is a German association football club from the city of Bergen auf Rügen , Mecklenburg - Vorpommern .
Canon Sportif de Yaoundé , commonly referred to as Canon Yaoundé , are a Cameroonian association football club based in capital City Yaoundé .
The Scranton / Wilkes - Barre RailRiders are a professional minor league baseball team based in Moosic , Pennsylvania in the Scranton / Wilkes - Barre area .
Jared Newman ( born March 7 , 1982 ) Lincoln Park , MI , is a former American professional ice hockey player .
The 1996 World Doubles Cup was a tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts at the Craiglockhart Tennis Centre in Edinburgh in Scotland that was part of the 1996 WTA Tour .
Carlijn Welten ( born 30 October 1987 ) is a Dutch field hockey player , born in Utrecht but grown up and living in Heerlen , who plays as a forward for Dutch club Stichtse Cricket en Hockey Club .
The 1979 Australian Open was a tennis tournament played on outdoor grass courts at the Kooyong Stadium in Melbourne in Victoria in Australia and was held from 24 December 1979 through 2 January 1980 .
Dirk Brinkmann ( born October 2 , 1964 in Duisburg , Nordrhein - Westfalen ) is a former field hockey player from ( West-)Germany , who competed at two Summer Olympics for his native country .
The 2014 NCAA Division I Tennis Championships were the men 's and women 's tennis tournaments played concurrently from May 16 to May 21 , 2014 in Athens , Georgia on the campus of the University of Georgia .
Mignonne Meekels ( born June 7 , 1986 , Rotterdam ) is a Dutch field hockey player , who plays as a defender for Dutch club HC Rotterdam .
The 2003 Kroger St. Jude International was a tennis tournament played on indoor hard courts at the Racquet Club of Memphis in Memphis , Tennessee in the United States that was part of the International Series Gold of the 2003 ATP Tour and of Tier III of the 2003 WTA Tour .
The Kansas City Open Invitational , which played as the Kansas City Open for most of its history , was a golf tournament on the PGA Tour that was played in the greater Kansas City area in the late 1940s and 1950s .
Frédéric Havas ( born May 17 , 1973 ) is a retired volleyball player from France , who earned a total number of 138 caps for the Men 's National Team .
Sweden women 's national football team ( Swedish : Damlandslaget ) officially represents Sweden in women 's association football ( soccer ) .
The Tunisian Handball Federation ( French : Fédération tunisienne de handball ) ( FTHB ) is the national handball association in Tunisia .
François Bouchard ( born April 26 , 1988 ) is a Canadian professional ice hockey player in the New York Rangers organization .
Blake Countess ( born August 8 , 1993 ) is an American football defensive back for the Auburn Tigers football team .
Lotte Kiærskou ( born June 23 , 1975 in Frederikshavn , Nordjylland ) is a Danish team handball player and two times Olympic champion .
EHC Neuwied is a professional ice hockey team in Neuwied , Germany .
The Italian Basketball Cup ( Italian : Coppa Italiana di Pallacanestro ) , or Coppa Italia , is an annual professional basketball competition between pro clubs from the Italian Basketball League .
The 2008 WAC Men 's Basketball Tournament , a part of the 2007 - 08 NCAA Division I men 's basketball season , took place from March 11 to March 15 , 2008 , at the Pan American Center in Las Cruces , New Mexico .
Dain Blanton ( born November 28 , 1971 in Laguna Beach , California ) is an American beach volleyball player who won the gold metal in Beach Volleyball in the 2000 Olympic Games , with partner Eric Fonoimoana .
The 2011 Asian Tour was the 17th season of the modern Asian Tour , the main men 's professional golf tour in Asia excluding Japan , since it was established in 1995 .
Bill Oates ( born October 15 , 1939 ) is a retired American basketball coach .
Bettina Thiele ( born 26 October 1963 , in Turstenhagen , Germany ) is a retired German athlete who competes in compound archery .
Ndèye Ndiaye ( born 2 May 1979 in Dakar ) is a Senegalese professional women 's basketball player with Tarbes GB of the Ligue Féminine de Basketball .
Alexandre Menini ( born 5 August 1983 ) is a French rugby union player , who players prop for Top 14 side Toulon .
Ignat Zemchenko ( Ukrainian : Іґнат Земченко , born April 24 , 1992 ) is a Ukrainian - Russian professional ice hockey player .
Carlos Moyá Llompart ( Spanish : ( ˈkarloz moˈʝa ʎomˈpart ) , Catalan : Carles Moyà Llompart ( ˈkaɾɫəz moˈja ʎomˈpaɾt ) , born 27 August 1976 ) is a retired former world no . 1 tennis player from Spain .
HC Dukla Jihlava , founded in 1956 , is an ice hockey team in the Czech Republic .
Nikita Dvurechensky ( Russian : Ники́та Двуре́ченский ; born July 30 , 1991 in Lipetsk ) is a Russian professional ice hockey player who is currently playing for Vityaz Chekhov of the Kontinental Hockey League .
KK Crvena zvezda ( Serbian Cyrillic : КК Црвена звезда , English : Red star Basketball Club ) is a professional basketball club based in Belgrade .
The 2001 FAI Cup Final was the deciding match of the 2000 - 01 FAI Cup , the national association football cup of Ireland .
The 2014 NCAA Men 's Division I Basketball Championship Game was the final game of the 2014 NCAA Men 's Division I Basketball Tournament and determined the national champion for the 2013 - -14 NCAA Division I men 's basketball season .
The Victoriaville Tigres are a junior ice hockey team that plays in the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League .
Mark Koevermans ( born 3 February 1968 ) is a former tennis player from the Netherlands , who turned professional in 1987 .
Sandnes Ulf is a Norwegian association football club from Sandnes , Rogaland , currently playing in First Division , the second highest division in the Norwegian football league system .
The 1997 ATP Tour World Championships ( also known for the doubles event as the Phoenix ATP Tour World Doubles Championship for sponsorship reasons ) were tennis tournaments played on indoor hard courts for the singles event , and indoor carpet courts for the doubles event .
Marcus Ragnarsson ( born August 13 , 1971 ) is a retired Swedish professional ice hockey defenseman .
Goran Prpić ( born 4 May 1964 ) is a former professional tennis player from Croatia who also played for SFR Yugoslavia prior to 1991 .
Nathalie Dechy ( born 21 February 1979 ) is a French former professional tour tennis player .
True Thailand Classic is a golf tournament , co - sanctioned by the Asian Tour and the European Tour , to be played annually in Thailand .
Andreja Klepač ( born 13 March 1986 ) is a professional Slovenian tennis player .
Frank Parr ( 17 December 1918 -- 28 December 2003 ) was an English chess player , born in Wandsworth .
The Blue Bulls , for sponsorship reasons known as the Vodacom Blue Bulls , or more popularly by their Afrikaans name die Blou Bulle , is a South African rugby union team that participates in the annual Currie Cup tournament .
Kelvin West B. Gregorio ( born August 13 , 1984 ) , better known as Kelvin Gregorio , is a Filipino professional basketball player of the PBA .
Duff Gibson ( born August 11 , 1966 ) is a Canadian skeleton racer who competed from 1999 to 2006 .
Mariana Simionescu ( born 27 November 1956 in Târgu Neamț ) is a retired Romanian tennis player .
Mārtiņš Karsums ( born February 26 , 1986 ) is a Latvian professional ice hockey player currently playing as a right winger for Dynamo Moscow of the Kontinental Hockey League ( KHL ) .
Sofia Goncharova ( born 7 June 1981 in Chita , Zabaykalsky Krai ) is a Russian athlete who competes in compound archery .
Sanda Bouba Oumarou ( born 1 January 1958 ) is a basketball player and sports administrator from the Central African Republic .
The European Club Association ( ECA ) is a body representing the interests of association football clubs in UEFA .
The Vaqueros Laguna ( English : Laguna Cowboys ) are a AAA - level baseball team playing in the Mexican League .
Kari Mette Johansen ( born January 11 , 1979 ) is a Norwegian team handball player , a two time Olympic champion , once a world champion and four times European champion .
The European Golden Shoe , formerly known as the European Golden Boot , is an association football award presented each season to the leading goalscorer in league matches from the top division of every European national league .
Tomas Piñas Bermudez ( born 8 July 1982 in Granada ) is a class 3 wheel chair using table tennis player from Spain .
The Cyclo - cross Koppenberg is a cyclo - cross race held in Oudenaarde , Belgium , which is part of the BPost Bank Trophy ( previously called Cyclo - cross Gazet van Antwerpen ) .
Josef Vašíček ( English /ˈjoʊsɛf ˈvɑːʃiːtʃɛk/ ; 12 September 1980 -- 7 September 2011 ) was a Czech professional ice hockey player .
Jérôme Schuster ( born 29 June 1985 in Perpignan ) is a professional French rugby union prop currently playing for Tarbes in the Pro D2 .
The French Football Federation ( FFF ) ( French : Fédération Française de Football ) is the governing body of association football in France , as well as the overseas departments and territories ( Guadeloupe , French Guyana , Martinique , Mayotte and Réunion ) .
The 2011 Maui Invitational Tournament was an early - season college basketball tournament played from November 11 to November 23 , 2011 .
Nikola Vujčić ( born June 14 , 1978 ) is a Croatian former professional basketball player and currently a team manager of Maccabi Tel Aviv .
AfroBasket 2009 was the 25th FIBA Africa Championship , played under the auspices of the Fédération Internationale de Basketball , the basketball sport governing body , and the African zone thereof .
Olympia Heist op den Berg is a Belgian ice hockey team in the city of Heist - op - den - Berg .
The Kitchener Greenshirts name has been used by five separate ice hockey teams playing in Kitchener , Ontario , Canada .
Slopestyle became an Olympic event , in both skiing and snowboarding forms , at the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi , Russia .
The IHF Men 's Youth World Championship is the official competition for men 's national handball teams under-19 , has been organized by the International Handball Federation since 2005 .
The 2005 Norwegian Figure Skating Championships were the Norwegian Figure Skating Championships of the 2004 - 2005 figure skating season .
Brittany Chambers ( born April 3 , 1991 ) is an American basketball player who plays professionally in Spain .
The Scandinavian Defense ( or Center Counter Defense ) is a chess opening characterized by the moves : 1 .
Per Henricsson ( born 9 August 1969 , Stockholm , Sweden ) , is a former professional tennis player from Sweden .
Yordan Bozov ( Bulgarian Cyrillic : Йордан Бозов ) ( born 25 January 1979 in Sofia ) is a Bulgarian basketball player , who is currently under contract with Rilski Sportist .
The Ciudad del Motor de Aragón , also known as Motorland Aragón , is a 5.344 km ( 3.321 mi ) motorsport race track located near Alcañiz , Spain .
The 1996 Wismilak International was a women 's tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts in Surabaya in Indonesia that was part of Tier IV of the 1996 WTA Tour .
FINA currently oversees competition in five aquatics sports : swimming , diving , synchronized swimming , water polo and open water swimming .
Cricket Viktoria Magdeburg was a German association football club playing in the Cracau district of Magdeburg , Saxony - Anhalt .
Nemanja Petrić ( born 28 July 1987 ) is a Serbian volleyball player , a member of Serbia men 's national volleyball team and Italian club DHL Modena Volley , bronze medalist of European Championship 2013 , medalist of the World League .
Josep Franch de Pablo ( born 28 January 1991 ) is a Spanish professional basketball player currently playing for Club Melilla Baloncesto of the LEB Oro league .
Along with the 400 m long - track speed skating oval the Olympic Oval also includes two international - sized ice rinks for short - track speed skating and ice hockey , as well as a 450 m running track surrounding the main oval and an eight - lane 110 m sprint track for year - round athletics training .
Maguire University is a fictitious college invented in 1963 by a group of Chicago high school basketball coaches , for the sole purpose of securing tickets to the NCAA Final Four .
The 2009 MAAC Men 's Basketball Tournament was an NCAA college basketball tournament held at the Times Union Center in Albany , New York on March 6 - -9 , 2009 , to decide the Metro Atlantic Athletic Conference champion .
Noliko Maaseik is a Belgian volleyball club from the city Maaseik .
The Pembroke Lumber Kings are a Junior `` A '' ice hockey team from Pembroke , Ontario , Canada .
Pauline Ferrand - Prévot ( born 10 February 1992 in Reims ) is a French multi - discipline bicycle racer who competes in road , cyclo - cross and cross - country mountain biking .
The Triple - A All - Star Game is an annual baseball game sanctioned by Minor League Baseball between professional players from the two Triple - A leagues in minor league baseball -- the International League ( IL ) and the Pacific Coast League ( PCL ) .
Risto Siltanen ( born October 31 , 1958 in Mänttä , Finland ) is a retired professional ice hockey defenceman .
Jan Bobrovský ( March 29 , 1945 Rosice ) is a former Czechoslovak basketball player , coach and sports official .
Yoann Huget ( ( jo.an y.ʒe ) ; born 2 June 1987 ) is a French rugby union player .
Jarvis Lang ( born June 25 , 1971 ) is an American former professional basketball player .
The 2007 Pattaya Women 's Open was a tennis tournament played on hard courts .
Zuzana Tomčíková ( born April 23 , 1988 ) is a member of the Slovakia women 's national ice hockey team and also plays for the Bemidji State Beavers .
Mirza Begić ( born July 9 , 1985 ) is a Bosnian - born Slovenian professional basketball player who currently plays for Dominion Bilbao Basket of the Liga ACB .
The Boucs de Megève ( official name : Club des Sports de Megève ) are an ice hockey team in Megève , France .
The 2010 European Baseball Championship was an international baseball competition being held in Germany from July 23 to August 1 , 2010 .
The Springfield Spirit was a women 's professional basketball team in the National Women 's Basketball League ( NWBL ) .
The Calgary Hitmen are a major junior ice hockey team based in Calgary , Alberta , Canada .
Djalil Narjissi ( Arabic : دجاليل نرجسي‎ ; born 18 January 1980 ) is a Moroccan rugby union footballer who currently plays in the Top 14 , for Agen .
Wolfgang Popp ( born 19 May 1959 ) , is a former professional tennis player from Germany .
Martin Gendron ( born February 15 , 1974 in Salaberry - de - Valleyfield , Quebec ) is a Canadian former ice hockey forward .
Derek MacKenzie ( born June 11 , 1981 ) is a Canadian professional ice hockey player and an alternate captain for the National Hockey League 's Florida Panthers .
Scott Fava ( born 19 January 1976 in Kiama , Australia ) is an Australian retired rugby union footballer .
The 2007 Rugby World Cup Final was a rugby union match , played on Saturday , 20 October 2007 at the Stade de France , Saint - Denis , Paris .
Andy Ibáñez Velázquez ( born April 3 , 1993 ) is a Cuban professional baseball infielder .
Olavo Yépez Obando ( born 20 August 1937 , San Gabriel , Carchi ) is an Ecuadorian chess master .
The Arkansas RiverBlades was a short - lived minor - league ice hockey team located in North Little Rock , Arkansas .
Rašid Mahalbašić ( born 7 November 1990 ) is a Slovenian - born Austrian professional basketball player of Bosniak ethnicity .
Gunther Cunningham ( born June 19 , 1946 ) is the American football senior coaching assistant for the Detroit Lions of the National Football League ( NFL ) .
Kevin van Wijk ( born April 17 , 1989 ) is a Dutch basketball player who plays for Unión Financiera Baloncesto Oviedo in the LEB Oro league .
Michalis Tsairelis ( alternate spellings : Michail , Michailis , Mihalis ) ( Greek : Μιχάλης Τσαϊρέλης ; born February 23 , 1988 ) is a Greek professional basketball player .
The 2014 FC Ordabasy season was the 12th season back in the Kazakhstan Premier League , the highest tier of association football in Kazakhstan , following their promotion from to the Kazakhstan First Division in 2003 .
Kennedy McIntosh ( January 21 , 1949 -- March 6 , 2009 ) was an American professional basketball player whose NBA career lasted from 1971 - 1975 .
Irma Luyting ( born 1 January 1975 ) is a retired Dutch athlete who competes in compound archery .
The Ottawa Swans are an Australian rules football club based in Ottawa , Ontario , Canada .
The Algerian Women 's Championship ( Arabic : كأس الجزائر للسيدات‎ ) is a women 's association football competition in Algeria .
Carlo Checchinato ( born 30 August 1970 in Adria , Province of Rovigo ) was an Italian rugby union player and is the current team manager for the Italian national team .
Erich Weinitschke ( born 1910 ) was a German chess master .
Amir Saoud ( born January 18 , 1991 in Beirut Lebanon ) is a Lebanese professional basketball player currently playing for Sporting Al Riyadi Beirut in the Lebanese Basketball League .
The Chess Federation of Canada or CFC ( French name : Fédération canadienne des échecs ) is Canada 's national chess organization .
Mike New ( born February 12 , 1968 ) is a former American basketball forward - center for the Milton Keynes Lions of the British Basketball League .
Düsseldorfer EG ( short DEG ) is a German professional ice hockey team in Düsseldorf .
Henry Alexander Kendall Simmons ( born March 11 , 1979 in Ripley , Mississippi ) is a retired American football guard .
Ersan Özseven ( born August 23 , 1983 in İstanbul ) is a Turkish professional basketball player who plays for KB RTV 21 in Kosovo .
Charlotte Morel ( born 16 January 1989 in Draguignan , Var ) , is a French professional triathlete , twelve times National Champion in various duathlon and triathlon categories ( cadette , junior , espoir ) , e.g. National U23 Triathlon Champion of the years 2009 , 2010 , 2011 , and 2012 .
Lotos Trefl Gdańsk is a Polish volleyball team , based in Gdańsk .
The Kingsmill Championship is a women 's professional golf tournament on the LPGA Tour , played in Williamsburg , Virginia .
Vytautas Šarakauskas ( born 8 February 1982 in Vilnius , Lithuanian SSR ) is a Lithuanian professional basketball player currently playing for BC Neptūnas .
Bahrenfelder SV is a German association football club from Bahrenfeld in the western quarter of the city of Hamburg .
The Washington Redskins are a professional American football team located in the Washington , D.C. metropolitan area .
Tvin Carole Moumjoghlian ( born July 21 , 1989 in Beirut ) is a Lebanese table tennis player currently playing for Homenetmen Beirut .
Francisco Maciel García ( born 7 January 1964 in Santiago de Querétaro , Querétaro Arteaga ) is a former tennis player from Mexico .
Younes Khattabi ( born 28 March 1984 in Rabat , Morocco ) is a Moroccan rugby league player currently playing for Carpentras in the French Elite One Championship competition .
The Tri - Series in Sri Lanka in 2009 is a One Day International cricket tournament which was held in Sri Lanka from 8 September to 14 September 2009 .
Sean Bentivoglio ( born October 16 , 1985 in Thorold , Ontario ) , is a professional ice hockey forward currently playing for HC Asiago of Italy 's Serie A.
Marijo Strahonja is a Croatian association football referee who currently officiates in the Prva HNL as well as UEFA competitions such as the European Champions League and the Europa League .
Mike Ruddock , OBE ( born 5 September 1959 in Blaina ) is a Welsh rugby union coach , currently coach of the Ireland Under-20 Rugby Union Team and Lansdowne FC .
Lin Yue ( simplified Chinese : 林跃 ; traditional Chinese : 林躍 ; pinyin : Lín Yuè ) ; born July 24 , 1991 ) is a Chinese athlete who competes in diving .
The ITF Women 's Circuit is a series of professional tennis tournaments run by the International Tennis Federation for female professional tennis players .
The Match des Champions , is an ice hockey competition in France .
Petr Korbel ( born 6 June 1971 in Havířov , Czechoslovakia ) is a Czech table tennis player who has competed in five Olympics from 1992 to 2008 .
Patrick Munro ( 9 October 1883 -- 3 May 1942 ) , also known as Pat Munro , was a British Conservative politician and international rugby union player .
Marco Mordente ( born January 7 , 1979 ) is an Italian basketball player who last played for Juvecaserta Basket and whose role is point guard ; his height is 192 cm and his weight is 91 kg .
The BPost Bank Trophy ( Dutch : BPost Bank Trofee ) is a series of cyclo - cross races organised by the BPost bank which until 2011 - -2012 was known as the Gazet van Antwerpen Trofee .
Rene Morgan La Montagne , Sr . ( 1856 - -1910 ) was treasurer and director of E. Montagne 's Sons , a champion polo player , and one of the founders of the Rockaway Hunt Club in Cedarhurst , New York on Long Island .
Rashid Latif ( Urdu : راشد لطیف‎ ; born 14 October 1968 ) is a former Pakistani wicket keeper and a right - handed batsman who represented the Pakistani cricket team in Test cricket and One Day International matches , between 1992 and 2003 .
The EurAsia Cup presented by DRB - HICOM is a biennial men 's professional team golf tournament between teams representing Europe and Asia .
The 2012 Asian Baseball Championship is an international baseball competition to be held in Taiwan from November 28 to December 2 , 2012 .
Edhi Handoko ( August 28 , 1960 -- February 17 , 2009 ) was an Indonesian chess grandmaster and four - time winner of the Indonesian Chess Championship .
Daryl Clark ( born 10 February 1993 ) is an English professional rugby league footballer , playing at club level for Warrington as a hooker .
Kathleen Smet ( born 19 January 1970 in Beveren ) is an athlete from Belgium who competes in triathlon , becoming European champion in 2000 and 2002 .
Luka Bogdanović ( Serbian : Лука Богдановић , born February 11 , 1985 ) is a Serbian professional basketball player who plays for MoraBanc Andorra of the Liga ACB .
Sampaio Corrêa Futebol Clube , usually known as Sampaio Corrêa , is a Brazilian association football club from São Luís , Maranhão state , founded on March 25 , 1923 .
The 1979 Challenge Cup was a series of international ice hockey games between the Soviet Union national ice hockey team and a team of All - Stars from the National Hockey League .
The 2011 World Sprint Speed Skating Championships were a long track speed skating event held on 22 and 23 January 2011 in Thialf , Heerenveen , Netherlands .
The USWA World Tag Team Championship was a tag team championship in the Memphis , Tennessee - based professional wrestling promotion , the United States Wrestling Association ( USA ) .
Masami Taniguchi ( 谷口雅美 Taniguchi Masami , born September 17 , 1976 ) is a Japanese volleyball player who plays for JT Marvelous .
Daniel Hourcade ( born San Miguel de Tucumán , 1958 ) is an Argentine rugby union coach and former player .
ASV Durlach is a German association football club from the borough of Durlach in the city of Karlsruhe , Baden - Württemberg .
The 1988 Dow Classic was a women 's tennis tournament played on grass courts at the Edgbaston Priory Club in Birmingham in England and was part of Tier IV of the 1988 WTA Tour .
Lee Falardeau ( born July 22 , 1983 ) is an American former professional ice hockey center who played in the American Hockey League ( AHL ) and ECHL .
The 1953 NBA All - Star Game was an exhibition basketball game played on January 13 , 1953 at Allen County War Memorial Coliseum in Fort Wayne , Indiana , home of the Fort Wayne Pistons .
James Desmarais ( born May 4 , 1979 ) is a Canadian professional ice hockey player who is currently playing hockey for the Belfast Giants in the Elite Ice Hockey League .
The 2013 Foxtel Cup was the third season of the Australian rules football knock - out cup competition involving clubs from the various state league competitions from around Australia .
Fabienne Kohlmann ( born November 6 , 1989 in Würzburg , Bavaria ) is a German track and field athlete who specialises in the 400 metres hurdles and the 800 metres .
Nijmegen Devils is an ice hockey club in Nijmegen , Netherlands .
Philipp Huspek ( born 5 February 1991 ) is an Austrian professional association football player currently playing for LASK Linz on loan from SK Rapid Wien .
Michel Therrien ( born November 4 , 1963 ) is a Canadian ice hockey coach , who is currently the head coach of the Montreal Canadiens of the National Hockey League ( NHL ) .
Naomi van As ( born 26 July 1983 ) is a Dutch field hockey player who plays as a forward / midfield for a Dutch club MHC Laren .
Boldklubben Femina ( also known as BK Femina or Femina ) is a women 's association football team that play in Gladsaxe , Denmark .
Eric Stevens ( born October 1 , 1989 ) is an American football fullback .
Andrea Moretti ( born 13 November 1972 in Mantova ) is a former Italian rugby union player and a current assistant coach .
Félix Javier Pérez Rivera ( May 31 , 1971 -- September 21 , 2005 ) was a Puerto Rican basketball player and a member of the Puerto Rican national basketball team .
The Arab Nations Basketball Championship for Men or simply ANBC is a regional basketball tournament which takes place every two years between men 's national teams of Arab world .
Aristide Gromer ( Dunkirk , 11 April 1908 -- ? ) was a French chess master .
Kareem Jamar ( born October 16 , 1992 ) is an American basketball player , who recently completed his college career at the University of Montana where in 2013 he was named an honorable mention All - American and Big Sky Conference Player of the Year .
Wang Liqin ( simplified Chinese : 王励勤 ; traditional Chinese : 王勵勤 ; pinyin : Wáng Lìqín ; born June 18 , 1978 , Shanghai ) is a retired Chinese table tennis player .
The 2014 Tuvalu A - Division is the 14th season of top flight association football in Tuvalu .
Kim Won - jung ( Korean : 김원중 born December 18 , 1984 in Seoul ) is a Korean professional ice hockey right winger .
Floyd Mayweather Jr. vs. Ricky Hatton , billed as Undefeated , was a boxing superfight that took place on December 8 , 2007 , at the MGM Grand Garden Arena in Las Vegas , between reigning WBC & The Ring welterweight champion Floyd Mayweather Jr. and reigning The Ring light welterweight champion Ricky Hatton .
The 1995 Internazionali Femminili di Palermo was a tennis Tournament played on outdoor clay courts in Palermo in Italy that was part of Tier IV of the 1995 WTA Tour .
The LEN Champions League is the premier European water polo club competition with teams from up to 18 different countries .
Golf equipment encompasses the various items that are used to play the sport of golf .
Vladimir Kramar ( Russian : Владимир Крамарь ; born April 14 , 1993 ) is a Russian professional ice hockey goalie currently playing for the Barys Astana .
The 2010 NCAA Men 's Division I Basketball Championship Game was the finals of the 2010 NCAA Men 's Division I Basketball Tournament and determined the National Champion for the 2009 - 10 NCAA Division I men 's basketball season .
Dávid Szabó is a Hungarian volleyball player .
Adewale Ogunleye ( /ˌɑːdeɪˈwɑːleɪ oʊɡuːnˈleɪjeɪ/ ; born August 9 , 1977 ) is a former American football defensive end who played eleven seasons in the National Football League ( NFL ) .
The Olmecas de Tabasco ( English : Tabasco Olmecs ) are a AAA - level baseball team based in Tabasco playing in the Mexican League .
The Club Olympique de Kélibia ( Arabic : نادى الاولمبي القليبي‎ , often referred to as COK ) is one of the Tunisian volleyball clubs it represent the region of Cap Bon in the national competitions and also the country in international volleyball competitions the club team was based in Kélibia since the year 1957 .
Umbro is the official supplier and sponsor of numerous association football teams , players and associations , including :
Victoria Montero is a Mexican athlete that competes in badminton .
Julien Malzieu ( born 4 May 1983 in Le Puy - en - Velay , Auvergne ) is a French rugby union and sevens player for Montpellier in the Top 14 competition .
James Roby ( born 22 November 1985 in Whiston , Merseyside ) is an English professional rugby league footballer for St. Helens of Super League .
Vadim Milov ( born 1 August 1972 in Ufa ) is a Swiss grandmaster of chess .
Kristina Kim ( born September 4 , 1989 in Kyzylorda , Kazakh SSR , Soviet Union ) is a Russian taekwondo practitioner .
The Adelaide 36ers ( also well known as the Sixers ) are an Australian professional men 's basketball team that competes in the National Basketball League ( NBL ) .
Robert Bina ( born January 4 , 1983 ) , commonly known as Robbie Bina , is an American professional ice hockey defenseman who plays for the Grizzly Adams Wolfsburg of the Deutsche Eishockey Liga ( DEL ) .
Alex Stepheson ( pronounced Steevis - son ; born August 7 , 1987 ) is an American professional basketball player for the Iowa Energy of the NBA Development League .
Priscila Tommy , born 23 May 1991 , is a ni - Vanuatu table tennis player .
Belinda Snell ( born 10 January 1981 ) is an Australian women 's basketball player from Mirboo North in country Victoria , Australia .
Alexander Goloshchapov ( born 25 January 1978 ) is a Ukrainian chess grandmaster ( 1999 ) and FIDE Senior Trainer ( 2015 ) .
Sailosi Tagicakibau ( born 14 November 1982 in Auckland , New Zealand ) is a rugby union footballer who plays at wing for Wasps in the Aviva Premiership .
The Laura Aspis Prize ( also referred to as the Aspis Prize or Aspis Award ) was an award in the game of chess .
DHC Sokol Poruba is a Czech women 's handball club from Ostrava 's Poruba district originally established as BK Ostrava ( a.k.a . Cosmetic Ostrava for sponsorship reasons ) in 1997 .
The 1978 European Cup Final was an association football match between Liverpool of England and Club Brugge of Belgium on 10 May 1978 at Wembley Stadium , London , England ( the venue was decided in Bern by the UEFA Executive Committee on 20 September 1977 ) .
The Croatian Ice Hockey League is the top ice hockey league in Croatia .
Kris Clack ( born July 6 , 1977 ) is a retired American professional basketball player , formerly for the University of Texas .
Jean - Claude Skrela ( born October 1 , 1949 in Colomiers , Haute - Garonne ) is a former coach of the French national rugby union team .
The Stampede North American Heavyweight Championship is the major title in the Canadian professional wrestling promotion Stampede Wrestling .
The 2013 Finnish Figure Skating Championships ( Finnish : SM2013 , yksinluistelu ja jäätanssi ) was a national figure skating competition in the 2012 - -13 season .
Barry Prenderville ( born 16 October 1976 in Dublin ) is an Irish former association football player .
Chang Si ( Chinese : 常思 ; pinyin : Cháng Sī ; November 15 , 1986 ) is a Chinese competitor in synchronized swimming .
Antonio Robinson ( born on November 11 , 1985 ) is an American football wide receiver who is currently a free agent .
Odrick Ray ( born May 24 , 1989 ) is an American football defensive end and defensive tackle who is a free agent .
Federico Gastón Fernández ( born 17 October 1989 ) is an Argentine handball player .
Devin Bowen ( born May 18 , 1972 ) is an American former ATP World Tour professional tennis player .
Pape Sow ( pronounced Pop So ) ( born November 22 , 1981 ) is a Senegalese professional basketball player who has played for the Toronto Raptors of the NBA and for several European and Asian teams .
The Genève - Servette HC ( also called `` Servette '' or `` GSHC '' ) is a professional ice hockey club based in Geneva , Switzerland and competing in National League A , the top tier of the Swiss hockey league system .
Ufuk Sarıca ( born June 13 , 1972 ) is a Turkish former professional basketball player and current head coach of Pınar Karşıyaka and assistant coach of the Turkish national team .
Essex Leopards is a British basketball team who competes in the English Basketball League Division 1 .
The Challenge Yves du Manoir was a rugby union club competition that was played in France between 1931 and 2003 under different names .
Moisés Sierra ( born September 24 , 1988 ) is a Dominican professional baseball outfielder who is currently a free agent .
Bury Titans are rugby league team based in Bury St Edmunds , Suffolk .
Bjorn Fratangelo ( born July 19 , 1993 in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania ) is a professional American tennis player who won the boys ' singles title at the 2011 French Open .
Lucas Onyango ( born May 12 , 1981 ) is a Kenyan rugby league player for the Oldham Roughyeds .
Beach soccer , also known as beach football or beasal , is a variant of association football played on a beach or some form of sand .
FC Nordstern 1896 München was a short - lived German association football club in Munich , Bavaria .
The Ipswich Australian Football Club is an Australian rules football club located in Ipswich , Queensland , Australia .
Ferdinando De Giorgi ( born 10 October 1961 ) is a former Italian volleyball player , a participant of the Olympic Games Seoul 1988 , World Champion ( 1990 , 1994 , 1998 ) , European Champion 1989 , head coach of Polish club ZAKSA Kędzierzyn - Koźle .
Stade Sapiac is a rugby union stadium in Montauban , France .
Johnny O'Connor ( born 9 February 1980 ) is an Irish rugby union coach and former player .
Keavon Milton ( born June 23 , 1990 ) is an American football offensive tackle who is currently a member of the New England Patriots practice squad .
Bernabé Ferreyra ( February 12 , 1909 -- May 22 , 1972 ) was an Argentine association football forward .
Jukka Jalonen ( born November 2 , 1962 in Riihimäki , Finland ) is a Finnish professional ice hockey coach and former player .
Pablo Mac Donough is a professional polo player from Argentina with a 10-goal polo player .
Sergio Diduch is an Argentine association football player who currently plays for Hispano F.C. in the Honduran top division .
Rodrigo Flores Álvarez ( 23 August 1913 , in Santiago , Chile -- 17 January 2007 , in Santiago ) was a Chilean engineer and chess master .
Birmingham Steel Magnolias was a women 's American football team based in Birmingham , Alabama .
Countess Ilona Edelsheim - Gyulai de Marosnémethi et Nádaska ( 14 January 1918 -- 18 April 2013 ) was a Hungarian noblewoman and wife of István Horthy , son of Regent Miklós Horthy and Deputy Regent of Hungary for a short time in 1942 .
Vera Weizmann ( Hebrew : ורה ויצמן‎ ; November 27 , 1881 -- September 24 , 1966 ) , wife of Chaim Weizmann , the first president of the State of Israel , was a medical doctor and a Zionist activist .
Vikki LaMotta ( January 23 , 1930 -- January 25 , 2005 ) , born Beverly Thailer , was an American model known as the second wife of champion boxer Jake LaMotta , during his peak years of success , during which time Vikki became a celebrity .
Camille Cosby ( born Camille Olivia Hanks ; March 20 , 1944 ) is an American television producer , author , philanthropist , and the wife of comedian Bill Cosby .
Galswintha was the sister of Brunhilda , Queen of Austrasia ; and the wife of Chilperic I , the Merovingian king of Neustria .
Semicassis granulata undulata is a Mediterranean subspecies of Semicassis granulata , the Scotch bonnet , a medium - sized sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusc in the subfamily Cassinae , the helmet snails and bonnet snails .
Widdringtonia whytei , the Mulanje cypress , is a species of Widdringtonia native to Malawi , where it is endemic to the Mulanje Massif at altitudes of 1,830 - 2,550 m. It has become endangered as a result of over - harvesting for its wood , and an increase in the frequency of wildfires due to human activity .
Madascincus arenicola is an extant species of skink described in 2011 , and endemic to the Ampombofofo and Forêt d'Orangea regions of Antsiranana Province , in northern Madagascar .
Distorsio anus , common name the common distorsio , is a species of medium - sized sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Personidae , the Distortio snails .
Leymus multicaulis , also known as manystem wild rye or manystem lyme grass , is a species of the Leymus genus .
Kurt Equiluz ( born 13 June 1929 in Vienna ) is an Austrian classical tenor in opera and concert , known for recording works of Johann Sebastian Bach with Nikolaus Harnoncourt and Helmuth Rilling , a member of the Vienna State Opera as a tenor buffo from 1957 until 1983 .
Miriam Gauci ( born April 3 , 1957 ) is a Maltese operatic soprano , particularly associated with lyric Italian roles .
Anne Sharp ( 24 October 1916 -- 25 August 2011 ) was a Scottish coloratura soprano particularly associated with the operas of Benjamin Britten .
Stephen Mark Brown is an internationally known opera tenor .
Edna Garabedian is an American operatic mezzo - soprano , voice teacher , and opera director .
