author	The Little White Bird is a British novel by J. M. Barrie, ranging in tone from fantasy and whimsy to social comedy with dark, aggressive undertones.	The Little White Bird	J. M. Barrie
author	A Little History of the World (originally in German, Eine kurze Weltgeschichte für junge Leser) is a history book by Ernst Gombrich.	A Little History of the World	Ernst Gombrich
author	Caesar's Women is the fourth historical novel in Colleen McCullough's Masters of Rome series, published in 1996.	Caesar's Women	Colleen McCullough
author	Paris 1850 (2004), is the second novel in the Vampire Plagues series by Sebastian Rook, the pseudonym for Ben Jeapes.	Paris 1850	Ben Jeapes
author	Romeo Brown was a British comic strip written by Peter O'Donnell and drawn by Alfred Mazure (1954--1957) and Jim Holdaway (1957--1963).	Romeo Brown	Peter O'Donnell
award received	Military Cross T./2nd Lt. Wilfred Beaver, Gen. List, and R.F.C. For conspicuous gallantry and devotion to duty.	Wilfred Beaver	Military Cross
award received	Captain Arthur J. Jackson (born October 18, 1924) is a United States Marine who received the Medal of Honor for his actions on Peleliu during World War II. PFC Jackson single-handedly destroyed 12 enemy pillboxes and killed 50 enemy soldiers.	Arthur J. Jackson	Medal of Honor
award received	In January 2010, King Juan Carlos I appointed Javier Solana the 1,194th Knight of the Order of the Golden Fleece for his career in diplomacy.	Javier Solana	Knight of the Order of the Golden Fleece
award received	Joe Isgro (born c. 1948 ) is an American Academy Award-nominated producer and Purple Heart veteran.	Joe Isgro	Purple Heart
award received	Gerhard Simons (born 5 February 1921) is an officer who served in the German army during World War II. He was a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves (medals recognising extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership).	Gerhard Simons	Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves
cast member	Sympathy for Delicious is a 2010 drama film, and the directorial debut of Mark Ruffalo.	Sympathy for Delicious	Mark Ruffalo
cast member	Jump Tomorrow is a 2001 independent film and romantic comedy written and directed by Joel Hopkins, starring Tunde Adebimpe, Hippolyte Girardot, and Natalia Verbeke.	Jump Tomorrow	Tunde Adebimpe	Hippolyte Girardot	Natalia Verbeke
cast member	H.M.S. Defiant (released as Damn the Defiant! in the United States) is a British adventure CinemaScope and Technicolor film from 1962 starring Alec Guinness and Dirk Bogarde.	H.M.S. Defiant	Alec Guinness	Dirk Bogarde
cast member	The Lost Bridegroom a 1916 silent comedy film produced by Adolph Zukor starring John Barrymore.	The Lost Bridegroom	John Barrymore
cast member	The Scotland Yard Mystery is a 1934 British crime film directed by Thomas Bentley and starring Gerald du Maurier, George Curzon, Grete Natzler, Belle Chrystall and Wally Patch.	The Scotland Yard Mystery	Gerald du Maurier	George Curzon	Grete Natzler	Belle Chrystall
cast member	Her Nameless Child is a 1915 British silent drama film directed by A.V. Bramble, Fred Groves and M. Gray Murray.	Her Nameless Child	Fred Groves
cast member	Duane Hopwood is a 2005 film featured in the Sundance Film Festival starring David Schwimmer and Janeane Garofalo, with a supporting cast featuring Judah Friedlander, Dick Cavett, Susan Lynch, John Krasinski, Rachel Covey, and Mia Dillon.	Duane Hopwood	David Schwimmer	Janeane Garofalo	Judah Friedlander	Dick Cavett	Susan Lynch	John Krasinski	Rachel Covey
cast member	Shockproof is a 1949 American film noir directed by Douglas Sirk, and starring Cornel Wilde and Patricia Knight.	Shockproof	Cornel Wilde	Patricia Knight
cast member	This Is the Army is a 1943 American wartime musical comedy film produced by Hal B. Wallis and Jack L. Warner, and directed by Michael Curtiz, adapted from a wartime stage musical with the same name, designed to boost morale in the U.S. during World War II, directed by Ezra Stone.	This Is the Army	Ezra Stone
cast member	Johnny Concho is a 1956 film starring Frank Sinatra, Phyllis Kirk and Keenan Wynn and directed by Don McGuire.	Johnny Concho	Frank Sinatra	Phyllis Kirk	Keenan Wynn
cast member	El estudiante (English: The Student) is a 2009 Mexican film written and directed by Roberto Girault, and starring Jorge Lavat, Norma Lazareno, José Carlos Ruiz, Jeannine Derbez, Siouzana Melikián and Cristina Obregón.	El estudiante	Jorge Lavat
cast member	Pattakkathi Bhairavan (Tamil: பட்டாக்கத்தி பைரவன்) is a 1979 Tamil-language Indian feature film starring Sivaji Ganesan, Jaiganesh, Sridevi and Jayasudha in the lead roles.	Pattakkathi Bhairavan	Sivaji Ganesan
cast member	The Understanding Heart is a 1927 American silent adventure drama film directed by Jack Conway and stars Joan Crawford in an early leading role.	The Understanding Heart	Joan Crawford
cast member	Sontha Ooru (English: Native village) is a 2009 Telugu film starring Raja, Thirtha, L.B. Sriram in main roles.	Sontha Ooru	L.B. Sriram
cast member	With the end of the series, there was talk of a push by Ana Ortiz and America Ferrera for an Ugly Betty movie.	Ugly Betty	Ana Ortiz	America Ferrera
cast member	Kevin & Perry Go Large is a 2000 British teen comedy film based on the Harry Enfield sketch Kevin the Teenager.	Kevin & Perry Go Large	Harry Enfield
cast member	Speed Limited is a 1935 American crime film directed by Albert Herman and starring Evelyn Brent.	Speed Limited	Evelyn Brent
cast member	Educating Father is a 1936 American comedy film directed by James Tinling and starring Jed Prouty, Shirley Deane and Dixie Dunbar.	Educating Father	Jed Prouty
cast member	Thotti Gang is a 2002 Telugu comedy film produced and directed by E. V. V. Satyanarayana starring Prabhu Deva, Allari Naresh, Sunil, Gajala and Anita Hassanandani in the lead roles.	Thotti Gang	Prabhu Deva	Allari Naresh	Sunil	Gajala
cast member	Across to Singapore is a 1928 American silent romantic drama film directed by William Nigh, and starring Ramon Novarro and Joan Crawford.	Across to Singapore	Ramon Novarro	Joan Crawford
cast member	A Strange Kind of Colonel (French:Un drôle de colonel) is a 1968 French comedy film directed by Jean Girault and starring Jean Lefebvre, Jean Yanne and Pascale Roberts.	A Strange Kind of Colonel	Jean Lefebvre	Jean Yanne	Pascale Roberts
cast member	Stanley Ka Dabba (Hindi: स्टैनली का डब्बा) is a 2011 Hindi film written, directed and produced by Amole Gupte, starring Divya Dutta, Partho Gupte (son of Amole Gupte), Divya Jagdale, Raj Zutshi, and Amole Gupte.	Stanley Ka Dabba	Divya Dutta
cast member	Kallukkul Eeram (Tamil: கல்லுக்குள் ஈரம் English: Moisture inside stone) is a 1980 Kollywood film directed by P. S. Nivas, starring P. Bharathiraja, Sudhakar, Aruna and Vijayashanti.Aruna and Vijayashanti was debut movie in Tamil language.	Kallukkul Eeram	Sudhakar	Vijayashanti
cast member	Tin Hats is a 1926 comedy film directed by Edward Sedgwick (his first for MGM), starring Claire Windsor and Conrad Nagel.	Tin Hats	Claire Windsor	Conrad Nagel
cast member	Ich suche Dich (``I Seek You'' ) is a 1956 German film based on the play Jupiter Laughs by A. J. Cronin directed by O. W. Fischer also starring in the film, that also features Anouk Aimée, Nadja Tiller, and Otto Brüggemann.	Ich suche Dich	O. W. Fischer	Anouk Aimée	Nadja Tiller	Otto Brüggemann
cast member	Sasurbari Zindabad (English: Three Cheers for the In-laws) is a Bengali film directed by Haranath Chakraborty, starring Prosenjit Chatterjee and Rituparna Sengupta.	Sasurbari Zindabad	Prosenjit Chatterjee
cast member	The Kidnapping of Lola (Spanish:El secuestro de Lola) is a 1986 Mexican action film directed by Raúl Fernández and starring Rosa Gloria Chagoyán, Rolando Fernández and Frank Moro.	The Kidnapping of Lola	Rosa Gloria Chagoyán
cast member	Pay as You Enter is a 1928 American comedy film directed by Lloyd Bacon and starring Louise Fazenda, Clyde Cook and William Demarest.	Pay as You Enter	Louise Fazenda
cast member	Sartana the Gravedigger (Italian: Sono Sartana, il vostro becchino and also known as I Am Sartana Your Angel of Death) is a 1969 Italian Western film directed by Giuliano Carnimeo and starring Gianni Garko.	Sartana the Gravedigger	Gianni Garko
cast member	H Story is a 2001 Japanese drama film by writer-director Nobuhiro Suwa.	H Story	Nobuhiro Suwa
cast member	Ashakara is a French-Swiss produced Burkinabé-Togolese film directed by Gérard Louvin, starring James Campbell, Jean-Marc Pasquet, Willy Monshengwo and Bamela Nyanta.	Ashakara	James Campbell
cast member	The Final Terror (also known as Campsite Massacre, Bump in the Night and The Forest Primeval) is a 1983 American horror film directed by Andrew Davis, and starring Rachel Ward, Daryl Hannah, Adrian Zmed, and Joe Pantoliano.	The Final Terror	Rachel Ward	Daryl Hannah	Adrian Zmed	Joe Pantoliano
cast member	Romance in Puerto Rico (Spanish:Romance en Puerto Rico) is a 1962 Mexican-Puerto Rican musical film directed by Ramón Pereda and starring María Antonieta Pons and Dagoberto Rodríguez.	Romance in Puerto Rico	María Antonieta Pons
cast member	Professori Uuno D.G. Turhapuro is a Finnish 1975 comedy film written by Spede Pasanen and directed by Ere Kokkonen.	Professori Uuno D.G. Turhapuro	Spede Pasanen
cast member	Film Portrait (1972) is a full-length autobiographical movie directed by, and about, the life of Minnesotan film-maker and artist, Jerome Hill.	Film Portrait	Jerome Hill
cast member	Hercules and the Masked Rider (Italian: Golia e il cavaliere mascherato, also known as Goliath and the Masked Rider) is a 1963 Italian peplum film written and directed by Piero Pierotti and starring Alan Steel and Mimmo Palmara.	Hercules and the Masked Rider	Alan Steel
cast member	Wintertime is a 1943 Twentieth Century-Fox musical film starring Sonja Henie and Cesar Romero, and featuring Woody Herman and His Orchestra.	Wintertime	Sonja Henie	Cesar Romero
cast member	The Trail to Yesterday is a 1918 American silent western film directed by Edwin Carewe and starring Bert Lytell and Anna Q. Nilsson.	The Trail to Yesterday	Bert Lytell
cast member	Pyaar Tune Kya Kiya (English:Love,What Have You Done?) is a 2001 Indian romantic thriller film produced by Ram Gopal Varma and starring Fardeen Khan, Urmila Matondkar and Sonali Kulkarni.	Pyaar Tune Kya Kiya	Fardeen Khan	Urmila Matondkar	Sonali Kulkarni
cast member	Mimics Super 1000 is a 1996 Indian Malayalam film directed by Balu Kiriyath and starring Jagadish and Anusha in the lead roles.	Mimics Super 1000	Jagadish
cast member	One More Spring is a 1935 film about three people (Janet Gaynor, Warner Baxter, and Walter Woolf King) living together in the maintenance shed at Central Park as an alternative to living on the streets.	One More Spring	Janet Gaynor	Warner Baxter	Walter Woolf King
cast member	Perilous Holiday is a 1946 American romantic thriller film directed by Edward H. Griffith and starring Pat O'Brien, Ruth Warrick and Alan Hale, Sr..	Perilous Holiday	Pat O'Brien
cast member	After Many Days is a 1919 British silent drama film directed by Sidney Morgan and starring Bruce Gordon, Alice Russon and Irene Browne.	After Many Days	Bruce Gordon
cast member	Mabel's Latest Prank is a 1914 film both starring and co-directed by Mabel Normand and Mack Sennett.	Mabel's Latest Prank	Mabel Normand
cast member	What's New Pussycat? is a 1965 American comedy film directed by Clive Donner, and stars Peter Sellers, Peter O'Toole, Romy Schneider, Capucine, Paula Prentiss and Ursula Andress.	What's New Pussycat?	Peter Sellers	Peter O'Toole	Romy Schneider	Capucine	Paula Prentiss	Ursula Andress
cast member	Belli Kalungura (Kannada: ಬೆಳ್ಳಿ ಕಾಲುಂಗುರ) is a 1992 Indian Kannada language film directed by K. V. Raju, starring Sunil and Malashri in the lead roles.	Belli Kalungura	Malashri
cast member	Un secreto de Esperanza (released under ``A Beautiful Secret'' in English-speaking countries) is a 2002 Mexican film written and directed by Leopoldo Laborde and starring Katy Jurado, Imanol, Jaime Aymerich and Ana de la Reguera.	Un secreto de Esperanza	Katy Jurado	Ana de la Reguera
cast member	Death Ring is a 1993 action film starring Billy Drago, Chad McQueen, Elizabeth Sung, Don Swayze, Ron Thompson and directed by R.J. Kizer.	Death Ring	Billy Drago	Chad McQueen	Elizabeth Sung	Don Swayze	Ron Thompson
cast member	So Well Remembered is a 1947 British film starring John Mills, Martha Scott, and Trevor Howard.	So Well Remembered	John Mills	Martha Scott	Trevor Howard
cast member	The Hunting of the Hawk is a 1917 silent film mystery directed by George Fitzmaurice and starring William Courtenay.	The Hunting of the Hawk	William Courtenay
cast member	Solino is a 2002 Italian-German movie directed by Fatih Akın and starring Moritz Bleibtreu, Barnaby Metschurat, Gigi Savoia and Antonella Attili.	Solino	Moritz Bleibtreu	Barnaby Metschurat	Gigi Savoia	Antonella Attili
cast member	Attack of the 50 Foot Woman is a independently made 1958 American black-and-white science fiction feature film, produced by Bernard Woolner, directed by Nathan H. Juran (credited as Nathan Hertz), and starring Allison Hayes, William Hudson, and Yvette Vickers.	Attack of the 50 Foot Woman	Allison Hayes	William Hudson	Yvette Vickers
cast member	Stowaway on Board (Spanish:Polizón a bordo) is a 1941 Spanish comedy film directed by Florián Rey, co-starring Guadalupe Muñoz Sampedro and Ismael Merlo.	Stowaway on Board	Ismael Merlo
cast member	Convicted Woman (1940) is a crime movie starring Rochelle Hudson and directed by Nick Grinde.	Convicted Woman	Rochelle Hudson
cast member	Veendum Kannur is a 2012 Malayalam political thriller film directed by Haridas, starring Anoop Menon in the lead role.	Veendum Kannur	Anoop Menon
cast member	A Chilling Cosplay is a 2013 Chinese-Hong Kong crime thriller film directed by Wang Guangli and starring Simon Yam, Vivian Hsu, Ying Er and Yuan Hong.	A Chilling Cosplay	Simon Yam
cast member	The Kiss in the Tunnel is a 1899 film British short silent comedy film, produced and directed by George Albert Smith, showing a couple sharing a brief kiss as their train passes through a tunnel, which is said to mark the beginnings of narrative editing.	The Kiss in the Tunnel	George Albert Smith
cast member	Oh, Mabel Behave is a 1922 American silent comedy film starring Mabel Normand, Mack Sennett and Ford Sterling.	Oh, Mabel Behave	Mabel Normand
cast member	The Pope Must Die stars Robbie Coltrane as a low ranking priest who is mistakenly elected Pope, then has to avoid being assassinated by the Mafia.	The Pope Must Die	Robbie Coltrane
cast member	Love and a .45 is a 1994 Bonnie and Clyde-esque road movie starring Gil Bellows and Renée Zellweger.	Love and a .45	Gil Bellows	Renée Zellweger
cast member	Usne Kaha Tha is a 1960 Bollywood drama film directed by Moni Bhattacharjee starring Sunil Dutt and Nanda in lead roles.	Usne Kaha Tha	Sunil Dutt
cast member	Marquis Preferred is a 1929 silent film comedy directed by Frank Tuttle and starring Adolphe Menjou.	Marquis Preferred	Adolphe Menjou
cast member	All That Heaven Allows is a 1955 romance feature film starring Jane Wyman and Rock Hudson in a tale about a well-to-do widow and a younger landscape designer falling in love.	All That Heaven Allows	Jane Wyman	Rock Hudson
cast member	Leave It to Beaver is an American television situation comedy about an inquisitive and often naïve boy named Theodore ``The Beaver'' Cleaver (portrayed by Jerry Mathers) and his adventures at home, in school, and around his suburban neighborhood.	Leave It to Beaver	Jerry Mathers
cast member	En sømand går i land is a 1954 Danish comedy film directed by Lau Lauritzen, Jr. and starring Poul Reichhardt.	En sømand går i land	Poul Reichhardt
cast member	Gold Rush Maisie is a 1940 drama film, the third of ten films starring Ann Sothern as Maisie Ravier, a showgirl with a heart of gold.	Gold Rush Maisie	Ann Sothern
cast member	Congo Maisie is a 1940 comedy-drama film directed by H. C. Potter and starring Ann Sothern for the second time in the ten film Maisie series as showgirl Maisie Ravier.	Congo Maisie	Ann Sothern
cast member	Return of the Gunfighter (1967) is a Western film, starring Robert Taylor and directed by James Neilson.	Return of the Gunfighter	Robert Taylor
cast member	Jean Stapleton continued to play Archie's wife Edith Bunker when Archie Bunker's Place premiered.	Archie Bunker's Place	Jean Stapleton
cast member	Mr. Stitch is a 1995 science fiction film directed by Roger Avary and starring Rutger Hauer.	Mr. Stitch	Rutger Hauer
cast member	Laan mig din kone is a 1957 Danish comedy film directed by Preben Neergaard and Anker Sørensen and starring Gunnar Lauring.	Laan mig din kone	Gunnar Lauring
cast member	The Lion's Mouth Opens is a 2014 short documentary by Lucy Walker about Marianna Palka and her courage when she struggles with testing whether she has Huntington's disease.	The Lion's Mouth Opens	Marianna Palka
cast member	A Ballerina's Tale is a 2015 documentary film revolving around the career of Misty Copeland, who serves as the narrator of the film as well as its subject.	A Ballerina's Tale	Misty Copeland
cast member	Other People's Sins is a 1931 British crime film directed by Sinclair Hill and starring Horace Hodges, Stewart Rome and Anne Grey.	Other People's Sins	Horace Hodges
cast member	Let's Try Again is a 1934 melodramatic film starring Clive Brook.	Let's Try Again	Clive Brook
cast member	The Last Time I Saw Archie is a 1961 comedy film set in the waning days of World War II. Robert Mitchum stars as Arch Hall Sr., a lazy, scheming American in an aviation school for pilots too old to fly aircraft but not too old to fly military gliders and liaison aircraft.	The Last Time I Saw Archie	Robert Mitchum
cast member	God on Trial is a 2008 BBC/WGBH Boston television play written by Frank Cottrell Boyce, starring Antony Sher, Rupert Graves and Jack Shepherd.	God on Trial	Antony Sher	Rupert Graves	Jack Shepherd
cast member	Padaharella Vayasu is a 1978 Telugu film starring Sridevi Kapoor, Chandra Mohan, and Mohan Babu.	Padaharella Vayasu	Sridevi	Mohan Babu
cast member	Varavu Nalla Uravu (Tamil: வரவு நல்ல உறவு) is a 1990 Indian Tamil film, directed by Visu and produced by Rajam Balachandar.	Varavu Nalla Uravu	Visu
cast member	Kottarathil Kutty Bhootham (Malayalam: കൊട്ടാരത്തിൽ കുട്ടിഭൂതം) is a 2011 Malayalam film directed by debutant duo Kumar Nanda and Basheer, starring Mukesh and Jagadish in the lead roles.	Kottarathil Kutty Bhootham	Mukesh	Jagadish
cast member	No sos vos, soy yo (international, English title: It's Not You, It's Me) is a 2004 Argentine film directed by Juan Taratuto, starring Diego Peretti, Soledad Villamil and Cecilia Dopazo.	No sos vos, soy yo	Diego Peretti
cast member	Man's Castle is a 1933 Pre-Code film directed by Frank Borzage, and starring Spencer Tracy and Loretta Young.	Man's Castle	Spencer Tracy	Loretta Young
cast member	Ustadi Ustad Se is a 1982 Hindi language Indian feature film directed by Mohan Geha, starring Mithun Chakraborty, Vinod Mehra, Ranjeeta and Jagdeep.	Ustadi Ustad Se	Mithun Chakraborty	Vinod Mehra	Jagdeep
cast member	An indirect sequel, The Gentle Crackdown II (秀才愛上兵) was produced and broadcast in 2008 continued with only Wayne Lai, alongside Steven Ma, Yumiko Cheng, and Ha Yu.	The Gentle Crackdown	Wayne Lai
cast member	Amrutham Gamaya is a 1987 Malayalam-language Indian feature film directed by T. Hariharan and produced by P. K. R. Pillai for Shirdhi Sai Creations, starring Mohanlal, Parvathy, Thilakan and Geetha.	Amrutham Gamaya	Mohanlal	Parvathy	Thilakan	Geetha
cast member	Cu mâinile curate is a 1972 Romanian crime thriller film directed by and starring Sergiu Nicolaescu.	Cu mâinile curate	Sergiu Nicolaescu
cast member	Silent Dust is a 1949 British drama/thriller film, directed by Lance Comfort and starring Sally Gray, Stephen Murray, Derek Farr and Nigel Patrick.	Silent Dust	Sally Gray	Stephen Murray	Nigel Patrick
cast member	Daagdi Chaawl features an ensemble cast of Ankush Choudhary, Makarand Deshpande and Pooja Sawant in lead roles.	Daagdi Chaawl	Ankush Choudhary
cast member	Sameer Dattani (credited as Dhyan) as Vikram Sharmila Mandre as Sajni Anant Nag as Ananth Murthy Avinash as Vikram's father Bhavya as Ananth Murthy's sister Amulya as Vikram's sister Shivaram M. S. Umesh Master Anand Chaya Singh in a cameo appearance	Sajni	Sameer Dattani
cast member	Ohm Krüger (English: Uncle Krüger) is a 1941 German biographical film directed by Hans Steinhoff and starring Emil Jannings, Lucie Höflich and Werner Hinz.	Ohm Krüger	Emil Jannings	Lucie Höflich	Werner Hinz
cast member	Teri Payal Mere Geet is a Hindi movie produced by Prem Lalwani; starring Govinda (actor) and Meenakshi Sheshadri.	Teri Payal Mere Geet	Govinda
cast member	Charlie Chan's Greatest Case (1933) is an American pre-Code murder mystery film starring Warner Oland as the Oriental detective Charlie Chan.	Charlie Chan's Greatest Case	Warner Oland
cast member	He Said, She Said is a 1991 American romantic comedy directed by Ken Kwapis and Marisa Silver and starring Kevin Bacon, Elizabeth Perkins, Nathan Lane, Anthony LaPaglia and Sharon Stone.	He Said, She Said	Kevin Bacon	Elizabeth Perkins	Nathan Lane	Anthony LaPaglia	Sharon Stone
cast member	The lead role of Sol Goode is played by Balthazar Getty; other cast include Katharine Towne, Jamie Kennedy, Danny Comden, and Cheri Oteri.	Sol Goode	Balthazar Getty	Katharine Towne	Jamie Kennedy	Cheri Oteri
cast member	Stand Up Guys is a 2012 American crime comedy film directed by Fisher Stevens and starring Al Pacino, Christopher Walken, and Alan Arkin.	Stand Up Guys	Al Pacino	Christopher Walken	Alan Arkin
cast member	Johnny Stool Pigeon is a 1949 black-and-white film noir directed by William Castle, and starring, Howard Duff, Shelley Winters and Dan Duryea.	Johnny Stool Pigeon	Howard Duff	Shelley Winters	Dan Duryea
cast member	Mr. Sardonicus is a 1961 horror film produced and directed by William Castle.	Mr. Sardonicus	William Castle
cast member	The New Adventures of J. Rufus Wallingford is a 1915 American silent film serial featuring Oliver Hardy.	The New Adventures of J. Rufus Wallingford	Oliver Hardy
cast member	Incident at Midnight is a 1963 British crime film directed by Norman Harrison and starring Anton Diffring, William Sylvester and Justine Lord.	Incident at Midnight	Anton Diffring
cast member	Free Agents is a romantic black comedy starring Stephen Mangan, Sharon Horgan and Anthony Head.	Free Agents	Stephen Mangan	Sharon Horgan	Anthony Head
cast member	Guilty Hands is a 1931 American Pre-Code crime film starring Lionel Barrymore, Kay Francis and Madge Evans and directed by W. S. Van Dyke, with uncredited assistance from Barrymore.	Guilty Hands	Lionel Barrymore	Kay Francis	Madge Evans
cast member	Ayo Joy is a 2009 documentary film produced by the French company MK2 and directed by Raphaël Duroy about the singer Ayọ.	Ayo Joy	Ayọ
cast member	Male and Female is a 1919 American silent adventure/drama film directed by Cecil B. DeMille and starring Gloria Swanson and Thomas Meighan.	Male and Female	Gloria Swanson	Thomas Meighan
cast member	Bette Davis as Madame Sin Robert Wagner as Anthony Lawrence Denholm Elliott as Malcolm De Vere Gordon Jackson as Commander Cavendish Dudley Sutton as Monk Catherine Schell as Barbara Pik-Sen Lim as Nikko Paul Maxwell as Connors David Healy as Braden Alan Dobie as White	Madame Sin	Catherine Schell	Paul Maxwell	David Healy
cast member	A Mother's Story is a 2011 Filipino family Independent film about Medy (Pokwang) who became an illegal immigrant in the United States and her struggles as she achieves legal status.	A Mother's Story	Pokwang
cast member	Yarın Ağlayacağım is a 1986 Turkish drama film, directed by Halit Refiğ and starring Kadir İnanır, Yaprak Özdemiroğlu and Gül Erda.	Yarın Ağlayacağım	Kadir İnanır
cast member	The Crocodile Hunter is a wildlife documentary television series that was hosted by Steve Irwin and his wife, Terri.	The Crocodile Hunter	Steve Irwin
cast member	Bachelor Mother (1939) is an American comedy film directed by Garson Kanin, and starring Ginger Rogers (in a mostly non-dancing and non-singing role), David Niven, and Charles Coburn.	Bachelor Mother	Ginger Rogers	David Niven	Charles Coburn
cast member	Héctor Pellegrini as Pajarito Gómez María Cristina Laurenz as Pajarito's fiancée Nelly Beltrán as Rosalía Lautaro Murúa as Gravini Alberto Fernández de Rosa as Bobby Maurice Jouvet Beatriz Matar Jorge Rivera López Federico Luppi Marta Gam Alberto Barcel Francisco Urondo Hugo Dargo Zulema Katz Orlando Bor Fabiana Gavel	Pajarito Gómez	Héctor Pellegrini
cast member	Doctor in Clover is a British comedy film released in 1966, starring Leslie Phillips.	Doctor in Clover	Leslie Phillips
cast member	Andre Braugher was cast as a young detective assigned to Kojak's command.	Kojak	Andre Braugher
cast member	Single Room Furnished is a 1968 drama film featuring Jayne Mansfield in her final ``filmed'' starring role.	Single Room Furnished	Jayne Mansfield
cast member	Teyzem is a 1986 Turkish drama film, directed by Halit Refiğ and starring Müjde Ar, Yasar Alptekin, and Mehmet Akan.	Teyzem	Müjde Ar
cast member	I Am That Change is a 2014, Telugu short film directed by Sukumar and produced by actor Allu Arjun on Geetha Arts.	I Am That Change	Allu Arjun
cast member	A Touch of Grey won Best Canadian Film at the 2010 Buffalo Niagara Film Festival, and lead Maria del Mar received a Canadian Comedy Award for her performance in the film.	A Touch of Grey	Maria del Mar
cast member	The Inspector Wears Skirts (霸王花) is a 1988 Hong Kong martial arts-action comedy produced by Jackie Chan, directed by Wellson Chin Sing-Wai and starring Sibelle Hu, Ellen Chan and Sandra Ng.	The Inspector Wears Skirts	Ellen Chan	Sandra Ng
cast member	Again Kasargod Khader Bhai is a 2010 Malayalam film directed by Thulasidas, starring Jagadish, Radha Varma, Gautham Krishna and Innocent in the lead roles.	Again Kasargod Khader Bhai	Jagadish	Innocent
cast member	The Man Who Had Power Over Women is a 1970 British comedy film directed by John Krish and starring Rod Taylor, Carol White and James Booth.	The Man Who Had Power Over Women	Rod Taylor	Carol White	James Booth
cast member	Aaj Ka Arjun (Hindi: आज का अर्जुन) is a 1990 Hindi crime drama film, directed and produced by K.C. Bokadia and starring Amitabh Bachchan and Jaya Prada.	Aaj Ka Arjun	Amitabh Bachchan	Jaya Prada
cast member	Sally of the Sawdust (1925) is an American silent comedy film, directed by D. W. Griffith, starring W. C. Fields, and based on the 1923 stage musical Poppy.	Sally of the Sawdust	W. C. Fields
cast member	Jailbreak in Hamburg is a 1971 German thriller film directed by Wolfgang Staudte and starring Horst Frank, Christiane Krüger and Heinz Reincke.	Jailbreak in Hamburg	Horst Frank	Christiane Krüger	Heinz Reincke
cast member	Rangi's Catch is a 1973 British film for children set and shot in New Zealand, with one (Rangi) played by a young Temuera Morrison in his first role.	Rangi's Catch	Temuera Morrison
cast member	A Lass of the Lumberlands is a 1916 silent film serial directed by Paul Hurst and J. P. McGowan, and starring Helen Holmes.	Lass of the Lumberlands	Paul Hurst	Helen Holmes
cast member	Raaj Tilak is a 1984 Hindi-language Indian feature film directed by Rajkumar Kohli, starring Kamal Haasan, Raaj Kumar, Sunil Dutt, Dharmendra, Hema Malini, Ranjeeta Kaur, Reena Roy, Yogeeta bali, Sarika, Pran, Ranjeet, Raj Kiran and Ajit.	Raaj Tilak	Kamal Haasan	Raaj Kumar	Sunil Dutt	Dharmendra	Hema Malini	Ranjeeta Kaur	Reena Roy	Sarika	Pran	Ranjeet	Raj Kiran	Ajit
cast member	He's in the Army Now (original Turkish title: O Şimdi Asker) is a 2003 Turkish film, directed by Mustafa Altıoklar on a screenplay co-written by him and Levent Kazak.	He's in the Army Now	Levent Kazak
cast member	The New Adventures of Snow White (German:Grimms Märchen von lüsternen Pärchen) is a 1969 West German sex comedy film directed by Rolf Thiele and starring Marie Liljedahl, Eva Reuber-Staier and Ingrid van Bergen.	The New Adventures of Snow White	Marie Liljedahl
cast member	I Want to Destroy America is a documentary film by Peter I. Chang which traces the life of the Japanese musician Hisao Shinagawa through his early years as a folk singer in Tokyo to his current occupation as a street performer in Los Angeles.	I Want to Destroy America	Hisao Shinagawa
cast member	The Unknown Man is a 1951 courtroom drama film directed by Richard Thorpe and starring Walter Pidgeon, Ann Harding and Barry Sullivan.	The Unknown Man	Walter Pidgeon	Ann Harding	Barry Sullivan
cast member	A Society Scandal is a 1924 American silent drama film directed by Allan Dwan, and starring Gloria Swanson and Rod La Rocque.	A Society Scandal	Gloria Swanson	Rod La Rocque
cast member	Lady with a Past is a 1932 American Pre-Code romantic comedy film starring Constance Bennett as a shy and very proper young lady who decides to invent a scandalous past for herself to spice up her life.	Lady with a Past	Constance Bennett
cast member	The Silver Whip is a 1953 Western film starring Rory Calhoun, Dale Robertson and Robert Wagner.	The Silver Whip	Rory Calhoun	Dale Robertson	Robert Wagner
cast member	Such a Little Pirate is a lost 1918 silent film Pirate-adventure starring Lila Lee as a young sea going heroine and Theodore Roberts as her grandfather.	Such a Little Pirate	Lila Lee	Theodore Roberts
cast member	Shanghai Surprise is a 1986 British adventure comedy film starring then-newlyweds Sean Penn and Madonna, produced by George Harrison's HandMade Films and distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.	Shanghai Surprise	Sean Penn	Madonna	George Harrison
cast member	Congratulations Miss Anitha Menon is a 1992 Indian Malayalam film, directed by Thulasidas, starring Siddique and Saikumar in the lead roles.	Congratulations Miss Anitha Menon	Siddique
cast member	Crashin' Thru is a 1923 American Western film starring Harry Carey.	Crashin' Thru	Harry Carey
cast member	New Adventures of Get Rich Quick Wallingford is a 1931 American Pre-Code crime/romantic comedy film starring William Haines as a con artist and Jimmy Durante as his pickpocket buddy.	New Adventures of Get Rich Quick Wallingford	William Haines	Jimmy Durante
cast member	Mil Mascaras vs. the Aztec Mummy (also known as Mil Mascaras: Resurrection) is a 2007 American lucha libre film starring the legendary Mexican wrestler and cult film star Mil Máscaras.	Mil Mascaras vs. the Aztec Mummy	Mil Máscaras
cast member	Three Loves Has Nancy (1938) is a romantic comedy film starring Janet Gaynor, Robert Montgomery and Franchot Tone.	Three Loves Has Nancy	Janet Gaynor	Robert Montgomery	Franchot Tone
cast member	Amorina (aka Amor atormentado) is a 1961 Argentine black and white romantic musical film directed by Hugo del Carril and written by César Tiempo.	Amorina	Hugo del Carril
cast member	Reuniting the Rubins is a 2010 film starring Timothy Spall, Rhona Mitra, and James Callis.	Reuniting the Rubins	Timothy Spall	Rhona Mitra	James Callis
cast member	Demolition University is a 1997 direct-to-video action film starring Corey Haim and Ami Dolenz.	Demolition University	Corey Haim	Ami Dolenz
cast member	Richard Bakalyan and June Kenney co-starred in Hot Car Girl.	Hot Car Girl	Richard Bakalyan
cast member	The Desperadoes is a 1943 Technicolor Western film directed by Charles Vidor and starring Randolph Scott, Claire Trevor and Glenn Ford.	The Desperadoes	Randolph Scott	Claire Trevor	Glenn Ford
cast member	Knock on Any Door is a 1949 American court-room trial film noir directed by Nicholas Ray and starring Humphrey Bogart.	Knock on Any Door	Humphrey Bogart
cast member	Jackass Mail is a 1942 Western comedy film directed by Norman Z. McLeod and starring Wallace Beery and Marjorie Main.	Jackass Mail	Wallace Beery	Marjorie Main
cast member	Awaiting (Hangul: 민우씨 오는날; RR: Minwussi Oneunnal; lit. ``The Day Min-woo Arrives'') is a 2014 South Korean short film written and directed by Kang Je-gyu, starring Moon Chae-won and Go Soo.	Awaiting	Moon Chae-won
cast member	An American Crime is a 2007 American crime-drama film starring Ellen Page and Catherine Keener.	An American Crime	Ellen Page	Catherine Keener
cast member	California Split is a 1974 film directed by Robert Altman and starring Elliott Gould and George Segal as a pair of gamblers and was the first non-Cinerama film to use eight-track stereo sound.	California Split	Elliott Gould	George Segal
cast member	Among Vultures (German: Unter Geiern) is a 1964 Western film directed by Alfred Vohrer and starring Stewart Granger, Pierre Brice, Elke Sommer and Götz George.	Among Vultures	Stewart Granger	Pierre Brice	Elke Sommer	Götz George
cast member	The Merry Gentleman is a 2008 drama film directed by Michael Keaton (in his directorial debut), and starring Keaton and Kelly Macdonald.	The Merry Gentleman	Michael Keaton	Kelly Macdonald
cast member	During the show's third and final season (1984--85), Buddy Ebsen joined the cast as Matt Houston's uncle, Roy Houston.	Matt Houston	Buddy Ebsen
cast member	Android Apocalypse (also known as Facing Extinction) is a 2006 science fiction film starring Scott Bairstow and Joseph Lawrence.	Android Apocalypse	Scott Bairstow
cast member	Chotushkone (Bengali: চতুষ্কোণ; English: Quadrangle) is an Indian Bengali drama-thriller film directed by Srijit Mukherji, starring Aparna Sen, Goutam Ghosh, Chiranjeet Chakraborty, Parambrata Chatterjee and Payel Sarkar.The film received positive reviews from critics.	Chotushkone	Aparna Sen
cast member	Season in Cairo (German: Saison in Kairo) is a 1933 German musical comedy film directed by Reinhold Schünzel and starring Renate Müller, Willy Fritsch and Gustav Waldau.	Season in Cairo	Renate Müller	Willy Fritsch	Gustav Waldau
cast member	Tarzan and the Great River (1967) is an adventure film starring Mike Henry in his second of three film appearances as Tarzan.	Tarzan and the Great River	Mike Henry
cast member	Fishtales is a 2007 family comedy film directed by Alki David, and starring Billy Zane and Kelly Brook about a widowed father who falls in love with a mermaid.	Fishtales	Alki David	Billy Zane	Kelly Brook
cast member	Sua Eccellenza si fermò a mangiare is a 1961 Italian comedy film directed by Mario Mattoli and starring Ugo Tognazzi.	Sua Eccellenza si fermò a mangiare	Ugo Tognazzi
cast member	Obiettivo ragazze is a 1963 Italian comedy film directed by Mario Mattoli and starring the comic duo Franco Franchi and Ciccio Ingrassia.	Obiettivo ragazze	Franco Franchi	Ciccio Ingrassia
cast member	The Ghost Goes West (1935) is a British romantic comedy/fantasy film starring Robert Donat, Jean Parker, and Eugene Pallette, and directed by René Clair, his first English-language film.	The Ghost Goes West	Robert Donat	Jean Parker	Eugene Pallette
cast member	Friendly Enemies is a 1942 American drama film starring Charles Winninger, Charles Ruggles, James Craig, and Nancy Kelly.	Friendly Enemies	Charles Winninger	Charles Ruggles	James Craig	Nancy Kelly
cast member	Ithu Pathiramanal (English: Sands of Night) is a 2013 Malayalam action film directed by M. Padmakumar starring Unni Mukundan in the lead role with Jayasurya and Ramya Nambeeshan .	Ithu Pathiramanal	Unni Mukundan	Jayasurya
cast member	Ali Baba Goes to Town is a 1937 film starring Eddie Cantor, Tony Martin, and Roland Young.	Ali Baba Goes to Town	Eddie Cantor	Tony Martin	Roland Young
cast member	Petrolheads is a BBC panel game presented by Neil Morrissey, with team captains Richard Hammond and Chris Barrie.	Petrolheads	Richard Hammond	Chris Barrie
cast member	Le désordre et la nuit (French for ``The disorder and the night'') is a 1958 French crime film directed by Gilles Grangier and starring Jean Gabin and Danielle Darrieux.	Le désordre et la nuit	Jean Gabin	Danielle Darrieux
cast member	Tennessee Champ is a 1954 drama with strong Christian overtones starring Shelley Winters, Keenan Wynn, Dewey Martin, and Charles Bronson (credited as Charles Buchinsky), and directed by Fred M. Wilcox.	Tennessee Champ	Shelley Winters	Keenan Wynn	Charles Bronson
cast member	Life's Shop Window is a 1914 American silent drama film directed by J. Gordon Edwards and starring Claire Whitney and Stuart Holmes.	Life's Shop Window	Claire Whitney	Stuart Holmes
cast member	Tom Steele as the Masked Marvel (and two Sakima thugs, both of whom are quickly killed) Gayne Whitman as The Masked Marvel's voice	The Masked Marvel	Tom Steele
cast member	The Third Alarm is a 1930 American Pre-Code action-adventure talking film directed by Emory Johnson and starring Anita Louise, James Hall and Jean Hersholt.	The Third Alarm	Anita Louise	James Hall	Jean Hersholt
cast member	Raktharakshassu 3D is a 2014 Malayalam-language film by R Factor, starring Madhu, Sunny Wayne, Ananya and Niyas Mussliyar.	Raktharakshassu 3D	Madhu	Ananya
cast member	Belønningen (English: The reward) is a 1980 Norwegian drama film written and directed by Bjørn Lien, starring Rolf Søder and Joachim Calmeyer.	Belønningen	Rolf Søder
cast member	Dance with the Wind (Korean: 바람의 전설; Baramui jeonseol) is a 2004 South Korean film starring Lee Sung-jae and Park Sol-mi, and is the directorial debut of Park Jung-woo.	Dance with the Wind	Lee Sung-jae
cast member	For Them That Trespass is a 1949 British crime film directed by Alberto Cavalcanti and starring Richard Todd, Patricia Plunkett and Stephen Murray.	For Them That Trespass	Richard Todd
cast member	The Resurrection of Broncho Billy is a 1970 live action short Western film, starring Johnny Crawford.	The Resurrection of Broncho Billy	Johnny Crawford
cast member	Song About the Merchant Kalashnikov was filmed in 1908 with actors from the troupe of Vvedensky Narodny Dom. Pyotr Chardynin, who later become one of the leading directors of the Russian Empire, debuted in the film as an actor.	Song About the Merchant Kalashnikov	Pyotr Chardynin
cast member	The Brigand of Kandahar is a 1965 British adventure film directed by John Gilling and starring Ronald Lewis, Oliver Reed and Duncan Lamont.	The Brigand of Kandahar	Ronald Lewis
cast member	Exile to Siberia (Polish: Na Sybir) is a Polish historical film directed by Henryk Szaro and starring Adam Brodzisz, Jadwiga Smosarska and Mieczysław Frenkiel.	Exile to Siberia	Adam Brodzisz
cast member	Mabel Lost and Won is a 1915 American short comedy film starring Mabel Normand and Owen Moore.	Mabel Lost and Won	Mabel Normand	Owen Moore
cast member	Modati Cinema (English: First Movie) (Telugu: మొదటి సినిమా) is a 2005 Romantic Telugu film starring Navdeep and Poonam Bajwa.	Modati Cinema	Navdeep	Poonam Bajwa
cast member	On the Old Spanish Trail is a 1947 American Western film directed by William Witney and starring Roy Rogers.	On the Old Spanish Trail	Roy Rogers
cast member	Bulldog Drummond Escapes is a 1937 American film directed by James P. Hogan starring Ray Milland as Capt. Hugh ``Bulldog'' Drummond.	Bulldog Drummond Escapes	Ray Milland
cast member	22 Female Kottayam, also known as 22FK, is a 2012 Malayalam-language Indian thriller film directed by Aashiq Abu and starring Rima Kallingal and Fahadh Faasil in the lead roles.	22 Female Kottayam	Rima Kallingal	Fahadh Faasil
cast member	Who Killed John Savage? is a 1937 British mystery film directed by Maurice Elvey and starring Nicholas Hannen, Barry MacKay, Kathleen Kelly, Henry Oscar and Edward Chapman.	Who Killed John Savage?	Nicholas Hannen
cast member	The Hell with Heroes (A Time for Heroes and Run Hero Run) is a 1968 film directed by Joseph Sargent set in Africa immediately after World War II. The film stars Rod Taylor, Claudia Cardinale and Kevin McCarthy.	The Hell with Heroes	Rod Taylor	Claudia Cardinale	Kevin McCarthy
cast member	The Million Dollar Mystery is a 23-chapter film serial, released in 1914, directed by Howell Hansel, and starring Florence La Badie and James Cruze.	The Million Dollar Mystery	Florence La Badie	James Cruze
cast member	Cold Heart is a 2001 thriller genre film starring Nastassja Kinski and Jeff Fahey.	Cold Heart	Nastassja Kinski	Jeff Fahey
cast member	Station Content is a 1918 American silent drama film directed by Arthur Hoyt and starring Gloria Swanson.	Station Content	Gloria Swanson
cast member	Radhika Rajamani of Rediff.com called the film ``technically brilliant'' and wrote ``A reincarnation story is not often seen in Telugu cinema and SS Rajamouli uses this theme for Ram Charan Teja's second film Magadheera.	Magadheera	Ram Charan Teja
cast member	Multiple Sarcasms is a 2010 American drama film starring Timothy Hutton, Mira Sorvino, Stockard Channing, Dana Delany, Chris Sarandon and Mario Van Peebles.	Multiple Sarcasms	Timothy Hutton	Mira Sorvino	Stockard Channing	Dana Delany	Chris Sarandon	Mario Van Peebles
cast member	Ermo (二嫫 Èrmó) - The main character, portrayed by Ai Liya (艾丽娅) Jerome Silbergeld, author of China Into Film:	Ermo	Ai Liya
cast member	Human Experiments is a women in prison film (also known as Beyond The Gate and Women In Prison) starring Linda Haynes, Geoffrey Lewis and Ellen Travolta.	Human Experiments	Geoffrey Lewis	Ellen Travolta
cast member	Surrender of General Toral is an 1898 film which featured appearances by military leaders Joseph Wheeler and William Rufus Shafter.	Surrender of General Toral	Joseph Wheeler	William Rufus Shafter
cast member	Zärtliche Haie (French: Tendres requins) is a 1967 German-French comedy film directed by Michel Deville and starring Anna Karina.	Zärtliche Haie	Anna Karina
cast member	Edith's Shopping Bag (1976) is an American short documentary video about the opening of Edith Massey's thrift store in Baltimore.	Edith's Shopping Bag	Edith Massey
cast member	Ranjana Ami Ar Ashbona (Bengali: রঞ্জনা আমি আর আসবনা, English: Ranjana, I will not come back again) is a 2011 Bengali language Indian rock musical drama film by Anjan Dutt.	Ranjana Ami Ar Ashbona	Anjan Dutt
cast member	Guns of Hate is a 1948 Western film directed by Lesley Selander featuring RKO's Western stars Tim Holt and Richard Martin.	Guns of Hate	Tim Holt
cast member	The Wallop is a 1921 American western film directed by John Ford and starring Harry Carey.	The Wallop	Harry Carey
cast member	A Far Off Place is a 1993 adventure drama film based on Laurens van der Post's works, A Far-Off Place (1974) and its prequel A Story Like the Wind (1972), and stars Reese Witherspoon, Ethan Randall, Jack Thompson and Maximilian Schell.	A Far Off Place	Reese Witherspoon	Jack Thompson	Maximilian Schell
cast member	Atithee is a 1978 Bollywood romantic drama film directed by Aravind Sen. The film stars Shashi Kapoor.	Atithee	Shashi Kapoor
cast member	Janji Joni (English: Joni's Promise) is a 2005 Indonesian romantic comedy film directed by Joko Anwar, starring Nicholas Saputra, Mariana Renata, and Rachel Maryam.	Janji Joni	Nicholas Saputra	Mariana Renata
cast member	Cherry Falls is a 2000 American slasher film and satire directed by Geoffrey Wright, and starring Brittany Murphy, Jay Mohr, and Michael Biehn.	Cherry Falls	Brittany Murphy	Jay Mohr	Michael Biehn
cast member	The Trial of Donald Westhof (German:Der Kampf des Donald Westhof) is a 1927 German silent crime film directed by Fritz Wendhausen and starring Oskar Homolka, Karin Evans and Imre Ráday.	The Trial of Donald Westhof	Oskar Homolka
cast member	Take the High Ground! is a film about the Korean War, starring Richard Widmark and Karl Malden as drill instructors who must transform a batch of everyday civilians into soldiers.	Take the High Ground!	Richard Widmark	Karl Malden
cast member	Spare a Copper is a 1940 British, black-and-white, musical comedy war film, directed by John Paddy Carstairs and starring George Formby, Dorothy Hyson and Bernard Lee.	Spare a Copper	George Formby
cast member	A Golden Christmas is a 2009 Christmas romance movie starring Andrea Roth and Nicholas Brendon.	A Golden Christmas	Andrea Roth	Nicholas Brendon
cast member	Desk Set (released as His Other Woman in the UK) is a 1957 American romantic comedy film directed by Walter Lang and starring Spencer Tracy and Katharine Hepburn.	Desk Set	Spencer Tracy	Katharine Hepburn
cast member	The Sins of Rachel Cade is a 1961 drama film starring Angie Dickinson in the title role as well as Peter Finch and Roger Moore.	The Sins of Rachel Cade	Angie Dickinson	Peter Finch	Roger Moore
cast member	Two Missionaries (Italian: Porgi l'altra guancia) is a 1974 Italian action comedy starring the comedy team of Bud Spencer and Terence Hill.	Two Missionaries	Bud Spencer	Terence Hill
cast member	Piñero is a 2001 biopic about the troubled life of Nuyorican poet and playwright Miguel Piñero, starring Benjamin Bratt as the titular character.	Piñero	Benjamin Bratt
cast member	These Wilder Years is a 1956 drama film directed by Roy Rowland, and starring James Cagney and Barbara Stanwyck.	These Wilder Years	James Cagney	Barbara Stanwyck
cast member	A Boy, a Girl and a Bike is a 1949 British romantic comedy film directed by Ralph Smart and starring John McCallum, Honor Blackman and Patrick Holt.	A Boy, a Girl and a Bike	John McCallum
cast member	Man Against Crime (also known as Follow That Man) starring Ralph Bellamy, one of the first television programs about private eyes, ran on CBS, the DuMont Television Network and NBC from October 7, 1949 to June 27, 1954.	Man Against Crime	Ralph Bellamy
cast member	Hiver 54, l'abbé Pierre is a 1989 French film, written by Marie Devort and Denis Amar, and starring Lambert Wilson and Claudia Cardinale.	Hiver 54, l'abbé Pierre	Lambert Wilson	Claudia Cardinale
cast member	Sorority Row is a 2009 American slasher film directed by Stewart Hendler and starring Briana Evigan, Leah Pipes, Rumer Willis, and Carrie Fisher.	Sorority Row	Briana Evigan	Leah Pipes	Rumer Willis	Carrie Fisher
cast member	Ek Misaal is a 1986 Hindi-language Indian feature film directed by Rajesh Verma for producer Vibha Bhatnagar, starring Kanwaljit Singh and Kiran Juneja.	Ek Misaal	Kanwaljit Singh
cast member	Win a Date with Tad Hamilton! is a 2004 romantic comedy film directed by Robert Luketic and starring Josh Duhamel, Topher Grace, and Kate Bosworth.	Win a Date with Tad Hamilton!	Josh Duhamel	Topher Grace	Kate Bosworth
cast member	Smallville, which ended its tenth and final season on May 13, 2011, follows Clark Kent (Tom Welling) in the fictional town of Smallville, Kansas, before he becomes known as Superman.	Smallville	Tom Welling
cast member	A Lion Is in the Streets is a 1953 drama film directed by Raoul Walsh and starring James Cagney as a southern politician loosely based on Huey Long.	A Lion Is in the Streets	James Cagney
cast member	The movie gains pace with two corrupt police-men (played by Om Puri and Naseeruddin Shah) predicting that Maqbool would soon take over the reins of the Mumbai Underworld from Abba Ji.	Maqbool	Om Puri	Naseeruddin Shah
cast member	Silent Raiders is a 1954 low budget American war film directed, starring and co-produced by Richard Bartlett.	Silent Raiders	Richard Bartlett
cast member	Awaargi is a 1990 Bollywood drama film directed by Mahesh Bhatt starring Anil Kapoor, Meenakshi Sheshadri and Govinda.	Awaargi	Anil Kapoor
cast member	Hariharan Pillai Happy Aanu (English translation: Hariharan Pillai is happy) is a 2003 Malayalam film by Viswanath starring Mohanlal and Jyothirmayi.	Hariharan Pillai Happy Aanu	Mohanlal	Jyothirmayi
cast member	Roadflower (also known as Road Flower or The Road Killers) is a 1994 American suspense thriller starring Christopher Lambert, Joseph Gordon-Levitt, David Arquette, Josh Brolin, Christopher McDonald, John Pyper-Ferguson and Adrienne Shelly.	Roadflower	Christopher Lambert	Joseph Gordon-Levitt	David Arquette	Christopher McDonald
cast member	Road to Victory is a 1944 short film notable for the appearance of Bing Crosby, a major singing and movie star, Cary Grant, a major actor in motion pictures, and Frank Sinatra, a young singer who would soon become a movie star himself.	Road to Victory	Bing Crosby	Cary Grant	Frank Sinatra
cast member	Our Man in Marrakesh (released in North America as Bang! Bang! You're Dead!) is a 1966 British comedy spy film directed by Don Sharp and starring Tony Randall, Herbert Lom and Senta Berger.	Our Man in Marrakesh	Tony Randall	Herbert Lom	Senta Berger
cast member	Ulzana's Raid is a 1972 revisionist Western starring Burt Lancaster, Richard Jaeckel, Bruce Davison and Joaquin Martinez.	Ulzana's Raid	Burt Lancaster	Richard Jaeckel	Bruce Davison
cast member	Riot in Cell Block 11 is a 1954 drama film noir directed by Don Siegel and starring Neville Brand, Emile Meyer, Frank Faylen and Leo Gordon.	Riot in Cell Block 11	Neville Brand	Emile Meyer	Frank Faylen	Leo Gordon
cast member	Through Fire and Water is a 1923 British silent adventure film directed by Thomas Bentley and starring Clive Brook, Flora le Breton and Lawford Davidson.	Through Fire and Water	Clive Brook	Lawford Davidson
cast member	Crazy/Beautiful (stylized as crazy/beautiful) is a 2001 romantic drama film starring Kirsten Dunst and Jay Hernandez.	Crazy/Beautiful	Kirsten Dunst	Jay Hernandez
cast member	Myriad of Lights, also translated as Lights of Ten Thousand Homes, is a 1948 Chinese film directed by Shen Fu and starring Shangguan Yunzhu, Wu Yin and Lan Ma.	Myriad of Lights	Shangguan Yunzhu
cast member	The Aryan (1916) is an American silent era western motion picture starring William S. Hart, Gertrude Claire, Charles K. French, Louise Glaum, and Bessie Love.	The Aryan	William S. Hart	Gertrude Claire	Charles K. French	Louise Glaum	Bessie Love
cast member	Kadhayile Nayika (Malayalam: കഥയിലെ നായിക) is a Malayalam film directed by Dileep, featuring Urvashi, Roma, Suraj Venjaramoodu and Kalabhavan Prajodh in the lead roles.	Kadhayile Nayika	Urvashi
cast member	Monkey Kingdom is a 2015 American nature documentary film directed by Mark Linfield and Alastair Fothergill and narrated by Tina Fey.	Monkey Kingdom	Tina Fey
cast member	Z Storm (Chinese: Z風暴), is a 2014 Hong Kong crime thriller film directed by David Lam starring Louis Koo, Gordon Lam and Dada Chan.	Z Storm	Louis Koo
cast member	The Liberated Earth (Russian:Osvobozhdyonnaya zemlya) is a 1946 Soviet war drama film directed by Aleksandr Medvedkin and starring Vera Altayskaya, Aleksandr Khvylya and Emma Tsesarskaya.	The Liberated Earth	Vera Altayskaya
cast member	Mangti (Punjabi: ਮੰਗਤੀ) is a 1942 Punjabi film starring Masood Pervez as a hero with Mumtaz Shanti and others.	Mangti	Mumtaz Shanti
cast member	She's No Lady is a 1937 American comedy film directed by Charles Vidor and starring Ann Dvorak, John Trent and Harry Beresford.	She's No Lady	Ann Dvorak
cast member	How to Frame a Figg is a 1971 Universal comedy about a bungling bookkeeper's assistant, Hollis Alexander Figg (played by Don Knotts) in the Dalton city hall, who finds himself framed for embezzlement.	How to Frame a Figg	Don Knotts
cast member	The Wiser Sex is a 1932 American Pre-Code crime drama film made by Paramount Pictures, directed by Berthold Viertel and Victor Viertel, and starring Claudette Colbert, Melvyn Douglas, Lilyan Tashman, William ``Stage'' Boyd and Ross Alexander.	The Wiser Sex	Claudette Colbert	Melvyn Douglas	Lilyan Tashman
cast member	The Invisible Army (Danish: Den usynlige hær) is a 1945 Danish war film directed by Johan Jacobsen and starring Bodil Kjer.	The Invisible Army	Bodil Kjer
cast member	Saaku Magalu (Kannada: ಸಾಕು ಮಗಳು) is a 1963 Kannada language romantic drama film directed and produced by B. R. Panthulu and starring Rajkumar and Sowcar Janaki in the lead roles.	Saaku Magalu	Rajkumar
cast member	The Melody of Murder, (Original Title: Mordets Melodi), is a 1944 Danish film noir directed by Bodil Ipsen and starring Gull-Maj Norin and Poul Reichhardt.	Melody of Murder	Gull-Maj Norin	Poul Reichhardt
cast member	Feud of the West is a 1936 American western film directed by Harry L. Fraser and starring Hoot Gibson, Buzz Barton and Bob Kortman.	Feud of the West	Hoot Gibson
cast member	Ee Parakkum Thalika is a 2001 Malayalam comedy film starring Dileep, Nithya Das and Harisree Asokan.	Ee Parakkum Thalika	Dileep
cast member	Kidnapped in New York is a 1914 film starring Barney Gilmore.	Kidnapped in New York	Barney Gilmore
cast member	Chelsea Girls is a 1966 experimental underground film directed by Andy Warhol and Paul Morrissey.	Chelsea Girls	Paul Morrissey
cast member	Love Trilogy (Chinese: 30分鐘戀要; pinyin: 30 Fen Zhong Lian Yao) is a 2004 Hong Kong-Chinese film starring Francis Ng, Anita Yuen, Ruby Lin, Michael Chow, Lu Yi and Han Xiao.	Love Trilogy	Francis Ng	Anita Yuen	Ruby Lin	Michael Chow
cast member	Rave Un2 the Year 2000 is a 2000 direct to video film of Prince in concert.	Rave Un2 the Year 2000	Prince
cast member	The Boatniks is a 1970 American comedy film starring Robert Morse, Stefanie Powers, Don Ameche and Phil Silvers.	The Boatniks	Robert Morse	Stefanie Powers	Don Ameche	Phil Silvers
cast member	Ahankaar is a 1995 Hindi-language Indian feature film directed by Ashim Samanta, starring Mithun Chakraborty, Mamta Kulkarni, Mohnish Bahl, Prem Chopra and Gulshan Grover	Ahankaar	Mithun Chakraborty	Mamta Kulkarni	Mohnish Bahl	Prem Chopra
cast member	Hollywood Beat is a mid-1980s American television police drama starring Jack Scalia, Jay Acovone, Edward Winter and John Matuszak.	Hollywood Beat	Jack Scalia	Jay Acovone
cast member	I piaceri dello scapolo is a 1960 Italian film, directed by Giulio Petroni, starring Sylvia Koscina and Mario Carotenuto.	I piaceri dello scapolo	Mario Carotenuto
cast member	Knockaround Guys is a 2001 comedy crime-drama film starring Barry Pepper, Vin Diesel, Seth Green, John Malkovich and Dennis Hopper.	Knockaround Guys	Barry Pepper	Vin Diesel	Seth Green	John Malkovich	Dennis Hopper
cast member	Errors of the Human Body is a 2012 psychological thriller directed by Eron Sheean and starring Michael Eklund.	Errors of the Human Body	Michael Eklund
cast member	8 Simple Rules for Dating My Teenage Daughter (also known as 8 Simple Rules for the third and final season) is an American sitcom, originally starring John Ritter and Katey Sagal.	8 Simple Rules	John Ritter	Katey Sagal
cast member	Adventures of Casanova is a 1948 American-Mexican historical adventure film directed by Roberto Gavaldón and starring Arturo de Córdova Lucille Bremer and Turhan Bey.	Adventures of Casanova	Arturo de Córdova
cast member	Valérie is a 1969 black-and-white Quebec film starring Danielle Ouimet, who plays Valérie, and Guy Godin.	Valérie	Danielle Ouimet	Guy Godin
cast member	I See Ice is a 1938 British comedy film directed by Anthony Kimmins and starring George Formby, Kay Walsh and Betty Stockfeld.	I See Ice	George Formby	Kay Walsh
cast member	A Private Function is a 1984 British comedy film starring Michael Palin and Maggie Smith.	A Private Function	Michael Palin	Maggie Smith
cast member	Baby Doll is a 1956 American black comedy and drama film directed by Elia Kazan, and starring Carroll Baker, Karl Malden and Eli Wallach.	Baby Doll	Carroll Baker	Karl Malden	Eli Wallach
cast member	Calamity Anne's Beauty is a 1913 American silent short Western comedy film directed by Allan Dwan and starring Louise Lester as Calamity Anne.	Calamity Anne's Beauty	Louise Lester
cast member	The Only Woman is a 1924 American silent film produced by Joseph Schenck for Norma Talmadge Productions and distributed by First National.	The Only Woman	Norma Talmadge
cast member	Rakshasa Rajavu (Malayalam : രാക്ഷസരാജാവ്) is a 2001 Malayalam film co-written and directed by Vinayan and starring Mammootty in the title role.	Rakshasa Rajavu	Mammootty
cast member	Those Were the Days! is a 1940 film comedy starring William Holden and Bonita Granville.	Those Were the Days!	William Holden
cast member	Broadchurch series one focused on the search for the boy's murderer by detectives Alec Hardy (played by David Tennant) and Ellie Miller (played by Olivia Colman).	Broadchurch	David Tennant	Olivia Colman
cast member	Warning to Wantons is a 1949 British romantic comedy film directed by Donald B. Wilson and starring Harold Warrender, Anne Vernon and David Tomlinson.	Warning to Wantons	Anne Vernon	David Tomlinson
cast member	The Passion of Marie is a 2012 Danish film directed by Bille August, starring Birgitte Hjort Sørensen and Søren Sætter-Lassen.	The Passion of Marie	Birgitte Hjort Sørensen
cast member	The Gypsy Chief (German:Der Zigeunerprimas) is a 1929 German silent drama film directed by Carl Wilhelm and starring Paul Heidemann, Margarete Schlegel and Fritz Schulz.	The Gypsy Chief	Paul Heidemann
cast member	The Linguini Incident is a 1991 American comedic film set in New York starring David Bowie and Rosanna Arquette.	The Linguini Incident	David Bowie	Rosanna Arquette
cast member	The Corruptor is a 1999 American action thriller film directed by James Foley, starring Chow Yun-fat and Mark Wahlberg.	The Corruptor	Chow Yun-fat	Mark Wahlberg
cast member	Merrily We Go to Hell is a 1932 Pre-Code film starring Academy Award winning actor Fredric March and Sylvia Sidney.	Merrily We Go to Hell	Fredric March	Sylvia Sidney
cast member	Nadakame Ulakam (Malayalam: നാടകമേ ഉലകം) is a 2011 Malayalam-language comedy film directed by Viji Thampi and starring Mukesh, Vinu Mohan, Sarayu, and Saranya Mohan in the lead roles.	Nadakame Ulakam	Mukesh	Vinu Mohan	Sarayu	Saranya Mohan
cast member	Painted Angels (1997) (US: The Wicked Wicked West) is a film by Jon Sanders starring Brenda Fricker, Kelly McGillis, Meret Becker, Bronagh Gallagher, Lisa Jakub and Anna Mottram.	Painted Angels	Brenda Fricker	Kelly McGillis	Meret Becker	Bronagh Gallagher
cast member	Do Detectives Think? is a silent comedy short film starring Stan Laurel and Oliver Hardy prior to their official billing as the duo Laurel and Hardy.	Do Detectives Think?	Stan Laurel	Oliver Hardy
cast member	L'Amour, Madame (English: Love, Madame) is a French comedy film from 1952, directed by Gilles Grangier, written by Félix Gandéra, starring Arletty and Jean Marais.	L'Amour, Madame	Arletty	Jean Marais
cast member	Paappi Appacha (Malayalam: പാപ്പീ അപ്പച്ചാ) is a 2010 Malayalam comedy film starring Dileep, Innocent, and Kavya Madhavan.	Paappi Appacha	Dileep	Innocent	Kavya Madhavan
cast member	Blood and Donuts is a 1995 Canadian horror comedy film directed by Holly Dale, written by Andrew Rai Berzins, and starring Gordon Currie and Helene Clarkson.	Blood and Donuts	Gordon Currie	Helene Clarkson
cast member	Men of the Fighting Lady (also known as Panther Squadron) is a 1954 Korean War drama film starring Van Johnson, Walter Pidgeon, Keenan Wynn, and directed by Andrew Marton.	Men of the Fighting Lady	Van Johnson	Walter Pidgeon	Keenan Wynn
cast member	Creepshow 2 was followed by an unofficial sequel in 2006--which had no involvement from Stephen King or George Romero--titled Creepshow III. Creepshow make-up artist and Creepshow 2 actor, Tom Savini, stated that he considers Tales from the Darkside:	Creepshow 2	Tom Savini
cast member	Peach O'Reno is a 1931 pre-Production Code comedy film starring Bert Wheeler, Robert Woolsey, Dorothy Lee, and Zelma O'Neal.	Peach O'Reno	Bert Wheeler	Robert Woolsey
cast member	The World Gone Mad (also released as The Public Be Hanged) is a 1933 American Pre-Code crime film directed by Christy Cabanne and starring Pat O'Brien, Evelyn Brent and Neil Hamilton.	The World Gone Mad	Pat O'Brien	Evelyn Brent	Neil Hamilton
cast member	Luke's Fireworks Fizzle is a 1916 short comedy film starring Harold Lloyd.	Luke's Fireworks Fizzle	Harold Lloyd
cast member	The Ideal City (Italian: La città ideale) is a 2012 Italian thriller drama film, written and directed by Luigi Lo Cascio.	The Ideal City	Luigi Lo Cascio
cast member	Albert R.N. is a 1953 British war film directed by Lewis Gilbert and starring Anthony Steel.	Albert R.N.	Anthony Steel
cast member	Men in War is a 1957 war film about the Korean War directed by Anthony Mann and starring Robert Ryan and Aldo Ray as the leaders of a small detachment of American soldiers cut off and desperately trying to rejoin their division.	Men in War	Robert Ryan	Aldo Ray
cast member	Catherine Frot - Odette Toulemonde Albert Dupontel - Balthazar Balsan Jacques Weber - Olaf Pims Fabrice Murgia - Rudy Nina Drecq - Sue Ellen Camille Japy - Nadine	Odette Toulemonde	Albert Dupontel
cast member	Together We Stand is about a married couple, David (Elliott Gould) and Lori Randall (Dee Wallace), and their array of adopted children from all walks of life.	Together We Stand	Elliott Gould	Dee Wallace
cast member	Wyatt Cenac had a tumultuous tenure on the show, revealing in a July 2015 interview on WTF with Marc Maron, that his departure from The Daily Show stemmed in part from a heated argument he had with Jon Stewart over a June 2011 Daily Show bit about Republican Presidential candidate Herman Cain.	The Daily Show	Wyatt Cenac
cast member	A Heart of Gold is a 1915 American silent romantic drama short film directed by Tom Ricketts starring Harry von Meter, Reaves Eason, Louise Lester, Jack Richardson, and Vivian Rich.	A Heart of Gold	Harry von Meter
cast member	Not Quite a Lady is a 1928 British silent comedy film directed by Thomas Bentley and starring Mabel Poulton, Janet Alexander and Barbara Gott.	Not Quite a Lady	Mabel Poulton	Barbara Gott
cast member	Loving Lies is a 1924 silent American drama film directed by W. S. Van Dyke and starring Evelyn Brent.	Loving Lies	Evelyn Brent
cast member	Love Clinic (Hangul: 연애의 맛; RR: Yeonae-ui Mat; lit. ``The Taste of Love'') is a 2015 South Korean romantic comedy film directed by Aaron Kim, starring Oh Ji-ho and Kang Ye-won.	Love Clinic	Oh Ji-ho
cast member	The Baxter is a 2005 film written by, directed by and starring American comedian Michael Showalter.	The Baxter	Michael Showalter
cast member	El Siete Machos is a 1951 Mexican western comedy film directed by Miguel M. Delgado, and starring Cantinflas, Alma Rosa Aguirre, and Miguel Ángel Ferriz.	El Siete Machos	Cantinflas	Alma Rosa Aguirre
cast member	All About Loving (French: De l'amour) is a 1964 French comedy film directed by Jean Aurel and starring Anna Karina.	All About Loving	Anna Karina
cast member	Hosa Prema Purana is a 2012 Kannada romance film starring newcomer Nitin Gowda, Shraddha Das and Radhika Gandhi in the lead roles.	Hosa Prema Purana	Shraddha Das
cast member	The Red Beret (aka The Red Devils, The Big Jump and retitled Paratrooper for the US release) is a 1953 Technicolor British war film directed by Terence Young and starring Alan Ladd, Leo Genn and Susan Stephen.	The Red Beret	Alan Ladd	Leo Genn
cast member	Lost in the Pacific (simplified Chinese: 蒸发太平洋; traditional Chinese: 蒸發太平洋; pinyin: Zhēngfā Tàipíng Yáng) is a 2016 Chinese action film starring Brandon Routh and Zhang Yuqi.	Lost in the Pacific	Brandon Routh
cast member	Lady Whirlwind a.k.a. Deep Thrust (Chinese: 鐵掌旋風腿) is a 1972 Hong Kong martial arts film directed by Huang Feng, starring Angela Mao.	Lady Whirlwind	Angela Mao
cast member	The Sorcerers is a 1967 British science fiction/horror film directed by Michael Reeves, starring Boris Karloff, Catherine Lacey, Ian Ogilvy, and Susan George.	The Sorcerers	Boris Karloff	Catherine Lacey	Ian Ogilvy	Susan George
cast member	Konchem Ishtam Konchem Kashtam is a 2009 romantic comedy family drama Telugu film directed by debutante Kishore Kumar Pardasani (Dolly), starring Siddharth and Tamannaah with Prakash Raj, Ramya Krishna, Brahmanandam in supporting roles, whilst the music was scored by critically acclaimed trio Shankar-Ehsaan-Loy.	Konchem Ishtam Konchem Kashtam	Prakash Raj
cast member	The Unsuspected is a 1947 American black-and-white film noir directed by Michael Curtiz, and starring Claude Rains, Audrey Totter, Ted North, Constance Bennett, and Joan Caulfield.	The Unsuspected	Claude Rains	Audrey Totter	Constance Bennett	Joan Caulfield
cast member	My Tehran for Sale (Persian :تهران من، حراج), is a 2009 Australian-Iranian feature film written and directed by avant-garde poet turned filmmaker Granaz Moussavi, produced by Cyanfilms and starring Marzieh Vafamehr, Amir Chegini and Asha Mehrabi.	My Tehran for Sale	Marzieh Vafamehr
cast member	The Attic Expeditions (also known as Horror in the Attic) is a 2001 horror film starring Andras Jones and Seth Green, with appearances by Alice Cooper and Ted Raimi.	The Attic Expeditions	Andras Jones	Seth Green	Ted Raimi
cast member	Cordelia the Magnificent is a 1923 American silent mystery film directed by George Archainbaud and starring Clara Kimball Young.	Cordelia the Magnificent	Clara Kimball Young
cast member	Triple Justice is a 1940 film directed by David Howard and starring George O'Brien, Virginia Vale and Peggy Shannon.	Triple Justice	George O'Brien	Virginia Vale	Peggy Shannon
cast member	Kill Her Gently is a 1957 British thriller film directed by Charles Saunders and starring Griffith Jones, Maureen Connell and Marc Lawrence.	Kill Her Gently	Griffith Jones	Maureen Connell	Marc Lawrence
cast member	Dr. Jekyll y el Hombre Lobo (Dr. Jekyll and the Wolfman), also known as Dr. Jekyll and the Werewolf, is a 1971 Spanish horror film, the sixth in the series, about the werewolf Count Waldemar Daninsky, played by Paul Naschy.	Dr. Jekyll y el Hombre Lobo	Paul Naschy
cast member	Dance Flick is a 2009 American parody comedy movie directed by Damien Dante Wayans, written by many of the Wayans Family, and starring Shoshana Bush and Damon Wayans, Jr..	Dance Flick	Shoshana Bush	Damon Wayans, Jr.
cast member	Mara of the Wilderness is a 1965 adventure film directed by Frank McDonald, produced by former Disney animator Brice Mack with his studio Unicorn Films, and starring Adam West, Lori Saunders, and Theodore Marcuse.	Mara of the Wilderness	Adam West	Lori Saunders
cast member	Jaana Pehchana (English: Well-known), is a 2011 Indian film directed by Sachin Pilgaonkar and produced by Rajshri Productions.	Jaana Pehchana	Sachin
cast member	Set during the Qing Dynasty of China in the mid 18th century, Man in Charge tells the story of an official adviser, Chau Bing (Kenneth Ma), and his relationship with the young county official, Shum Kwan-Pok (Matthew Ko).	Man in Charge	Kenneth Ma
cast member	Electrick Children is a 2012 film produced by Jessica Caldwell, Richard Neustadter and Live Wire Films, distributed by Phase 4 Films, written and directed by Rebecca Thomas and starring Julia Garner and Rory Culkin.	Electrick Children	Julia Garner
cast member	Fate's Decree is a 1914 American silent short drama film starring William Garwood, Richard Cummings, Fred Hamer, Justin MacDonald, and Billie West.	Fate's Decree	William Garwood	Billie West
cast member	The Secret Life of Zoey is a 2002 Lifetime TV drama starring Mia Farrow, Julia Whelan, and Cliff De Young.	The Secret Life of Zoey	Mia Farrow
cast member	Kisses for Breakfast is a 1941 screwball comedy directed by Lewis Seiler, starring Dennis Morgan, Jane Wyatt and Shirley Ross.	Kisses for Breakfast	Dennis Morgan
cast member	Trap for the Assassin (French: Roger la Honte, Italian: Trappola per l'assassino) is a 1966 French-Italian historical drama film directed by Riccardo Freda and starring Georges Géret, Irene Papas and Jean-Pierre Marielle.	Trap for the Assassin	Georges Géret	Irene Papas	Jean-Pierre Marielle
cast member	Gopalapuranam is a 2008 Malayalam film by K. K. Haridas starring Mukesh and Ramana.	Gopalapuranam	Mukesh
cast member	The Constant Husband is a 1955 British comedy film, directed by Sidney Gilliat and starring Rex Harrison, Margaret Leighton, Kay Kendall, Cecil Parker, George Cole and Raymond Huntley.	The Constant Husband	Rex Harrison
cast member	Anak ni Palaris (Child of Palaris) is a 1955 action film directed by Mario Barri, starring Fernando Poe.	Anak ni Palaris	Fernando Poe
cast member	Remember the Night is a 1940 American romantic comedy, Christmas film, and trial film directed by Mitchell Leisen, and starring Barbara Stanwyck and Fred MacMurray.	Remember the Night	Barbara Stanwyck	Fred MacMurray
cast member	Freak Talks About Sex, released for home video as Blowin' Smoke (its working title was Syracuse Muse), is a 1999 film starring Steve Zahn and Josh Hamilton.	Freak Talks About Sex	Steve Zahn
cast member	The Extraordinary Seaman is a 1969 American comedy war film directed by John Frankenheimer and starring David Niven, Faye Dunaway, Alan Alda, Mickey Rooney, and Jack Carter.	The Extraordinary Seaman	David Niven	Faye Dunaway	Alan Alda	Mickey Rooney	Jack Carter
cast member	The False Faces is a 1919 American silent drama film directed by Irvin Willat from the novel by Louis Joseph Vance and starring Henry B. Walthall as Michael Lanyard, the ``Lone Wolf,'' and Lon Chaney as the villain.	The False Faces	Lon Chaney
cast member	Trial on the Road (Russian: Проверка на дорогах, translit. Proverka na Dorogakh) is a 1971 Soviet film set in World War II, directed by Aleksey German, starring Rolan Bykov, Anatoly Solonitsyn and Vladimir Zamansky.	Trial on the Road	Rolan Bykov	Anatoly Solonitsyn
cast member	The Wrong Arm of the Law is a 1963 British comedy film directed by Cliff Owen and starring Peter Sellers, Bernard Cribbins, Lionel Jeffries, John Le Mesurier and Bill Kerr.	The Wrong Arm of the Law	Peter Sellers	Bernard Cribbins	Lionel Jeffries	John Le Mesurier	Bill Kerr
cast member	Two in a Big City (German:Zwei in einer großen Stadt) is a 1942 German romantic comedy film directed by Volker von Collande and starring Claude Farell, Karl John and Marianne Simson.	Two in a Big City	Claude Farell	Karl John	Marianne Simson
cast member	Samooham (English: Society) is a 1993 Malayalam drama film directed by Sathyan Anthikad with Suhasini, Suresh Gopi, Sunitha in the lead roles.	Samooham	Suresh Gopi
cast member	Her Decision is a 1918 American silent drama film directed by Jack Conway and starring Gloria Swanson.	Her Decision	Gloria Swanson
cast member	Wolf Tracks is a 1920 American short Western film directed by Mack V. Wright and featuring Hoot Gibson.	Wolf Tracks	Hoot Gibson
cast member	The Howards of Virginia live through the American Revolutionary War, with Cary Grant starring as Matt Howard, Martha Scott starring as his wife Jane Peyton Howard, and Alan Marshal and Sir Cedric Hardwicke starring as Jane's brothers Roger and Fleetwood Peyton.	The Howards of Virginia	Cary Grant	Martha Scott	Alan Marshal	Cedric Hardwicke
cast member	Clear the Ring, French title Au revoir M. Grock (English: Farewell Mr Grock), is a French comedy drama film from 1950, directed by Pierre Billon, written by Christian-Falaize, and starring Grock and Louis de Funès.	Clear the Ring	Grock	Louis de Funès
cast member	A Tender-Hearted Crook is a 1913 American drama film featuring Harry Carey.	A Tender-Hearted Crook	Harry Carey
cast member	Kolilakkam (English: Shockwave) is a 1981 Malayalam film directed by P.N.Sundaram, and starring Jayan.	Kolilakkam	Jayan
cast member	La nave de los monstruos (English: The Ship of the Monsters) is a 1960 Mexican comic science fiction film directed by Rogelio A. González and starring Eulalio González, Ana Bertha Lepe and Lorena Velázquez.	La nave de los monstruos	Eulalio González
cast member	Like the director's debut film, The Foul King also stars Song Kang-ho, this time as an incompetent bank clerk who takes up a career in professional wrestling, adopting the moniker ``The Foul King'' in the ring.	The Foul King	Song Kang-ho
cast member	95 Miles to Go is a 2004 comedy film which documents Ray Romano's stand-up comedy tour of the South.	95 Miles to Go	Ray Romano
cast member	Terror in the Mall is a 1998 television movie directed by Norberto Barba and starring Rob Estes, Shannon Sturges, David Soul, Kai Wiesinger and Angeline Ball.	Terror in the Mall	Rob Estes	Shannon Sturges	David Soul	Kai Wiesinger	Angeline Ball
cast member	Carry On Loving featured Imogen Hassall in her only Carry on role.	Carry On Loving	Imogen Hassall
cast member	Eshref Durmishi as Eduart André Hennicke as Christoph Ndriçim Xhepa as Raman Ermela Teli as Natasha Adrian Aziri as Elton Gazmend Gjokaj as Pedro Manos Vakousis as Giorgos Harisis Edi Mehana as Ali	Eduart	André Hennicke	Ndriçim Xhepa
cast member	Beauty No. 2 is a 1965 American avant-garde film by directed by Andy Warhol and starring Edie Sedgwick and Gino Piserchio.	Beauty No. 2	Edie Sedgwick	Gino Piserchio
cast member	Timeless Romance is a 1998 Hong Kong comedy film directed by Jeffrey Lau and David Lai, starring Tony Leung Chiu-wai.	Timeless Romance	Tony Leung
cast member	My Boss's Daughter is a 2003 romantic comedy film starring Ashton Kutcher, Tara Reid and Terence Stamp.	My Boss's Daughter	Ashton Kutcher	Terence Stamp
cast member	Almost Angels (also known in the UK as Born to Sing and in Austria and Germany as Ein Gruss aus Wien) is a 1962 Walt Disney Productions film about a group of boys in the Vienna Boys' Choir.	Almost Angels	Vienna Boys' Choir
cast member	Art & Copy is a 2009 documentary film, directed by Doug Pray, about the advertising industry in the U.S. The film follows the careers of advertisers, including Hal Riney, George Lois, Mary Wells Lawrence, Dan Wieden, and Lee Clow.	Art & Copy	Hal Riney	George Lois	Mary Wells Lawrence	Dan Wieden
cast member	Nenu Meeku Telusa...? (Do you know me...?) is a 2008 Telugu psychological thriller film movie starring Manoj Manchu, Sneha Ullal and Riya Sen in lead roles.	Nenu Meeku Telusa...?	Manoj Manchu	Sneha Ullal	Riya Sen
cast member	Cage of Evil is a low budget 1960 black and white crime film starring Ron Foster and Pat Blair.	Cage of Evil	Ron Foster
cast member	This Divided State is a documentary by first-time filmmaker Steven Greenstreet that details the conflict that erupted at Utah Valley State College, now called Utah Valley University, when controversial figure Michael Moore was scheduled to come speak on campus shortly before the 2004 presidential election.	This Divided State	Michael Moore
cast member	Judge Wapner's Animal Court is a nontraditional/arbitration-based reality court show in which Judge Joseph Wapner (more known as the original judge on The People's Court) and his bailiff Rusty Burrell (also a People's Court carryover) preside over real cases involving or about animals.	Judge Wapner's Animal Court	Joseph Wapner
cast member	Thoongadhey Thambi Thoongadhey is a 1983 Tamil-language Indian feature film directed by SP. Muthuraman, starring Kamal Haasan in double role, supported by Radha and Sulakshana.	Thoongadhey Thambi Thoongadhey	Kamal Haasan
cast member	The Hellcat is a 1928 British silent romance film directed by Harry Hughes and starring Mabel Poulton, Eric Bransby Williams and John F. Hamilton.	The Hellcat	Mabel Poulton	Eric Bransby Williams
cast member	Jade Goddess of Mercy or Goddess of Mercy (Chinese: 玉觀音; pinyin: Yù Guān Yīn) is a 2003 film directed by Ann Hui, starring Zhao Wei and Nicholas Tse.	Jade Goddess of Mercy	Zhao Wei	Nicholas Tse
cast member	They Never Come Back is a 1932 American Pre-Code drama film directed by Fred C. Newmeyer and starring Regis Toomey and Dorothy Sebastian.	They Never Come Back	Regis Toomey
cast member	Cro (voiced by Max Casella) - Cro was a fully evolved 11-year-old Cro-Magnon boy.	Cro	Max Casella
cast member	Oru Mukham Pala Mukham (Malayalam: ഒരു മുഖം പല മുഖം) is a 1983 Malayalam action film starring Ratheesh, Srividya, Mohanlal, and Mammootty.	Oru Mukham Pala Mukham	Ratheesh	Srividya	Mohanlal	Mammootty
cast member	Give Us Our Skeletons! (Antakaa Meille Luurankomme in Finnish, Oaivveskaldjut in North Sami) is a 1999 documentary film directed by Paul-Anders Simma about Niillas Somby, a Sami man who retraces his family ancestry as he searches for the head of his ancestor, Mons Somby.	Give Us Our Skeletons	Niillas Somby
cast member	The Tiger's Trail is a 1919 American adventure film serial starring Ruth Roland, directed by Robert Ellis, Louis J. Gasnier and Paul Hurst.	The Tiger's Trail	Ruth Roland
cast member	Anthuleni Katha also spelled as Antuleni Katha (English:Never Ending Story) is a 1976 Telugu film directed by K. Balachander starring Jayaprada in the lead role, with Rajinikanth, Sripriya and Phataphat Jayalaxmi in supporting roles.	Anthuleni Katha	Rajinikanth	Sripriya
cast member	Soul-Fire is a 1925 silent drama starring Richard Barthelmess and Bessie Love; directed by John S. Robertson; and is based on the Broadway production Great Music (1924) by Martin Brown.	Soul-Fire	Richard Barthelmess	Bessie Love
cast member	Fakta Ladh Mhana is a 2011 multistarrer Marathi action film with lead roles by Aniket Vishwasrao, Siddharth Jadhav, Sanjay Narvekar, Santosh Juvekar, Bharat Jadhav, Mahesh Manjrekar, Sachin Khedekar and Vaibhav Mangle.	Fakta Ladh Mhana	Bharat Jadhav
cast member	Death Toll is a 2008 action film starring DMX, Lou Diamond Phillips, Alec Rayme, Leila Arcieri and Keshia Knight Pulliam, written and produced by Daniel Garcia and directed by Phenomenon.	Death Toll	DMX	Lou Diamond Phillips	Leila Arcieri
cast member	Black Box Affair (Italian: Black Box Affair - Il mondo trema, Spanish: Amenaza black box) is a 1966 Italian-Spanish Eurospy film written and directed by Marcello Ciorciolini and starring Craig Hill (at his only spy film) and Teresa Gimpera.	Black Box Affair	Craig Hill	Teresa Gimpera
cast member	King and the Clown (Hangul: 왕의 남자; hanja: 王의 男子; RR: Wang-ui Namja, lit. The King's Man) is a 2005 South Korean historical drama film, starring Kam Woo-sung, Jung Jin-young and Lee Joon-gi.	King and the Clown	Lee Joon-gi
cast member	Inspector Chan aka Inspector Smart (played by Eric Tsang) Inspector Chan was the one who recruited the Gen-X Cops.	Gen-X Cops	Eric Tsang
cast member	Island Son marked the return to regular weekly series television of Richard Chamberlain, who had not so appeared since his Dr. Kildare series almost 25 years earlier.	Island Son	Richard Chamberlain
cast member	Realizing that he cannot properly care for the baby on his own, Tsotsi spots Miriam (Terry Pheto), with a young child strapped to her back, collecting water from a public tap.	Tsotsi	Terry Pheto
cast member	Her Bodyguard is a 1933 American Pre-Code comedy film directed by William Beaudine and starring Edmund Lowe, Wynne Gibson and Edward Arnold.	Her Bodyguard	Edmund Lowe
cast member	Target for Today is a documentary film describing the preparation and mounting of a United States Army Air Forces raid on East Prussia It contains much combat footage of B-17 and B-24 bombers and named for the phrase used at briefings before air raids.	Target for Today	United States Army Air Forces
cast member	Premier rendez-vous (US title: Her First Affair) is a 1941 French comedy film starring Danielle Darrieux.	Premier rendez-vous	Danielle Darrieux
cast member	Music for Steamboat Willie was arranged by Wilfred Jackson and Bert Lewis, and included the songs ``Steamboat Bill,'' a composition popularized by baritone Arthur Collins during the 1910s, and ``Turkey in the Straw'' , a composition popularized within minstrelsy during the 19th century.	Steamboat Willie	Wilfred Jackson
cast member	Larry O'Neill is a 1915 short silent American drama film directed by Clem Easton and starring William Garwood and Violet Mersereau.	Larry O'Neill	William Garwood	Violet Mersereau
cast member	Athena Chu, who starred in A Chinese Odyssey, makes a guest appearance in Just Another Pandora's Box.	Just Another Pandora's Box	Athena Chu
cast member	Hold That Kiss (1938) is a romantic comedy film starring Maureen O'Sullivan and Dennis O'Keefe.	Hold That Kiss	Maureen O'Sullivan	Dennis O'Keefe
cast member	Shake Hands with Murder is a 1944 American comedy mystery film directed by Albert Herman and starring Iris Adrian, Frank Jenks and Douglas Fowley.	Shake Hands with Murder	Iris Adrian
cast member	Vellivelichathil is a 2014 Indian Malayalam movie, directed by National Award winning director, Madhu Kaithapram, starring media personality and Kairali TV Channel Managing Director John Brittas and Iniya in the leading roles.	Vellivelichathil	John Brittas
cast member	Avane Nanna Ganda (Kannada: ಅವನೇ ನನ್ನ ಗಂಡ) is a 1989 Kannada film starring Kashinath and Sudharani in the lead roles.	Avane Nanna Ganda	Kashinath
cast member	Weekend at Bernie's is a 1989 American black comedy film written by Robert Klane and directed by Ted Kotcheff.	Weekend at Bernie's	Ted Kotcheff
cast member	It's You I Want is a 1936 British comedy film directed by Ralph Ince and starring Seymour Hicks, Marie Lohr and Hugh Wakefield.	It's You I Want	Seymour Hicks
cast member	Per Christensen - Tonny Wenche Foss - Tonnys mor Liv Ullmann - Kari Joachim Calmeyer - Rørleggeren Rolf Daleng - Alfred Finn Kvalem - Rødtopp Ola B. Johannessen - Politimann Henny Skjønberg - Dame med parasoll Helga Backe Finn Bernhoft Erik Melbye Brekke Synnøve Gleditsch Rolf Nannestad Alfred Solaas	Tonny	Per Christensen
cast member	The film introduces Coffy's police friend Carter (William Elliott), who used to date Coffy in their younger years.	Coffy	William Elliott
cast member	Sing Your Way Home is a 1945 musical film directed by Anthony Mann and featuring Jack Haley and Marcy McGuire.	Sing Your Way Home	Jack Haley
cast member	As with most FBO films of the mid-1920s starring Evelyn Brent, Silk Stocking Sal is a lost film.	Silk Stocking Sal	Evelyn Brent
cast member	I Was Nineteen (German: Ich war neunzehn) is a DEFA production that tells the story of a young German, Gregor Hecker (Jaecki Schwarz), who fled the Nazis with his parents to Moscow and now, in early 1945, returns to Germany as a lieutenant in the Red Army.	I Was Nineteen	Jaecki Schwarz
cast member	Black Memory is a 1947 British crime film starring Michael Atkinson, Myra O'Connell and Michael Medwin and directed by Oswald Mitchell.	Black Memory	Michael Medwin
cast member	Embrace Your Shadow (Chinese: 摯愛; Jyutping: Dzi oi) is a 2005 Hong Kong romance drama starring Fiona Sit, Dylan Kuo, Cheung Kwok-Keung, Chung Ching-Yu and Samuel Pang .	Embrace Your Shadow	Fiona Sit
cast member	Hatari! (pronounced (hɑtɑri), Swahili for ``Danger!'') is a 1962 American action/adventure romantic drama film directed by Howard Hawks and starring John Wayne.	Hatari!	John Wayne
cast member	Jolly Boy is an Indian Kannada-language romantic drama film written and directed by Sabapathy Dekshinamurthy, which stars Diganth and Rekha Vedavyas in the lead roles, along with Devaraj, Tara and Sudha Rani.	Jolly Boy	Diganth
cast member	Welcome to Sajjanpur is a 2008 Hindi comedy film directed by Shyam Benegal and starring Shreyas Talpade and Amrita Rao in the lead roles.	Welcome to Sajjanpur	Shreyas Talpade	Amrita Rao
cast member	Exit Wounds is a 2001 American action film directed by Andrzej Bartkowiak, and starring Steven Seagal and DMX.	Exit Wounds	Steven Seagal	DMX
cast member	Davy Crockett, King of the Wild Frontier is a 1955 live-action Walt Disney adventure film starring Fess Parker as Davy Crockett.	Davy Crockett, King of the Wild Frontier	Fess Parker
cast member	3 Nuts in Search of a Bolt is a 1964 comedy film starring Mamie Van Doren and Tommy Noonan, who also directed and co-wrote the film.	3 Nuts in Search of a Bolt	Mamie Van Doren	Tommy Noonan
cast member	Dreams with Sharp Teeth is a 2008 biographical documentary film about writer Harlan Ellison.	Dreams with Sharp Teeth	Harlan Ellison
cast member	The Crisis is Over (French:La crise est finie) is a 1934 French musical comedy film directed by Robert Siodmak and starring Albert Prejean, Danielle Darrieux and Marcel Carpentier.	The Crisis is Over	Danielle Darrieux	Marcel Carpentier
cast member	Ankush is a 1986 Hindi movie starring Nana Patekar, which was written, directed, edited and co-produced by N. Chandra.	Ankush	Nana Patekar
cast member	The Biggest Fan is a film featuring the band Dream Street (Chris Trousdale, Jesse McCartney, Matt Ballinger, Frankie J. Galasso and Greg Raposo).	The Biggest Fan	Chris Trousdale	Jesse McCartney
cast member	Thiramala (Malayalam: തിരമാല) is a 1953 Malayalam film directed by Vimal Kumar and P.R.S. Pillai, starring Sathyan, Kumari Thankam and Thomas Burleigh.	Thiramala	Sathyan
cast member	Manny & Lo is a 1996 comedy-drama film directed by Lisa Krueger, starring Scarlett Johansson, Aleksa Palladino, and Mary Kay Place.	Manny & Lo	Scarlett Johansson	Aleksa Palladino	Mary Kay Place
cast member	Sirivantha is a 2006 Indian Kannada film starring Vishnuvardhan.	Sirivantha	Vishnuvardhan
cast member	The Last Horse (Spanish:El último caballo) is a 1950 Spanish comedy film directed by Edgar Neville starring Fernando Fernán Gómez.	The Last Horse	Fernando Fernán Gómez
cast member	Channa Sachi Muchi revolves around a girl named Pooja (Saima) who is Hindu and a Muslim boy named Bao (Moammar Rana).	Channa Sachi Muchi	Saima	Moammar Rana
cast member	However, by the time Make Mine Music was released Clair de Lune was replaced by the new song Blue Bayou, performed by the Ken Darby Singers.	Make Mine Music	Ken Darby
cast member	Aik Aur Love Story (Urdu: ایک اور لو سٹوری English: One More Love Story) is a Pakistani Urdu film directed by pop singer Sajjad Ali.	Aik Aur Love Story	Sajjad Ali
cast member	Nati stanchi (a.k.a. Born Tired) is an 2002 Italian comedy film co-written by and starring the comic duo Ficarra and Picone.	Nati stanchi	Ficarra
cast member	Written By (simplified Chinese: 再生号; traditional Chinese: 再生號) is a 2009 Hong Kong fantasy drama film co-written, produced, and directed by Wai Ka-Fai, and starring Lau Ching-Wan and Kelly Lin.	Written By	Kelly Lin
cast member	Der Schinderhannes is a 1958 film directed by Helmut Käutner, starring Curd Jürgens and Maria Schell.	Der Schinderhannes	Helmut Käutner	Curd Jürgens	Maria Schell
cast member	Los astronautas (English: The Astronauts) is a 1964 Mexican comic science fiction film directed by Miguel Zacarías and starring the double act Viruta y Capulina, performed by Marco Antonio Campos and Gaspar Henaine.	Los astronautas	Marco Antonio Campos	Gaspar Henaine
cast member	New Town Killers follows two business men, portrayed by Dougray Scott and Alastair Mackenzie, who play macabre cat and mouse games with people from the fringes of society.	New Town Killers	Alastair Mackenzie
cast member	Dil Toh Baccha Hai Ji (translation: The heart is but a child) is a 2011 Indian Hindi romantic comedy film directed by Madhur Bhandarkar, starring Ajay Devgn, Emraan Hashmi, Omi Vaidya, Shazahn Padamsee, Shruti Haasan and Shraddha Das in the lead roles.	Dil Toh Baccha Hai Ji	Emraan Hashmi	Omi Vaidya	Shazahn Padamsee	Shruti Haasan	Shraddha Das
cast member	Us Paar is a Hindi film released in 1974, starring Vinod Mehra and Moushumi Chatterjee.	Us Paar	Vinod Mehra
cast member	The Life and Loves of Tschaikovsky or It Was a Lovely Night at the Ball (German:Es war eine rauschende Ballnacht) is a 1939 German historical drama film directed by Carl Froelich and starring Zarah Leander, Aribert Wäscher and Hans Stüwe.	The Life and Loves of Tschaikovsky	Zarah Leander	Aribert Wäscher	Hans Stüwe
cast member	Tag til marked i Fjordby is a 1957 Danish comedy film directed by Poul Bang and starring Dirch Passer.	Tag til marked i Fjordby	Dirch Passer
cast member	Ratnakumar or Rathnakumar (Tamil: இரத்னகுமார்) is a 1949 Tamil language film starring P. U. Chinnappa Bhagavathar and P. Bhanumathi in the lead roles.	Ratnakumar	P. U. Chinnappa
cast member	Mexican Manhunt is a 1953 American crime film directed by Rex Bailey and starring George Brent, Hillary Brooke and Morris Ankrum.	Mexican Manhunt	George Brent
cast member	7 Lives is a 2011 British film directed by Paul Wilkins starring Danny Dyer, Kate Ashfield and Martin Compston.	7 Lives	Danny Dyer	Kate Ashfield	Martin Compston
cast member	Interview with the Assassin is a 2002 drama/pseudo-documentary starring Raymond J. Barry and Dylan Haggerty.	Interview with the Assassin	Raymond J. Barry
cast member	Come Early Morning is a 2006 film starring Ashley Judd and Jeffrey Donovan.	Come Early Morning	Ashley Judd	Jeffrey Donovan
cast member	In a house at Cherry Tree Lane, distant couple Christine (Rachael Blake) and Mike (Tom Butcher) are eating dinner while their son, Sebastian, is out at football practice.	Cherry Tree Lane	Rachael Blake
cast member	Det kunne vært deg (Norwegian: It could have been you) is a 1952 Norwegian comedy film directed by Kåre Bergstrøm and Henki Kolstad, starring Inger Marie Andersen, Henki Kolstad and Wenche Foss.	Det kunne vært deg	Henki Kolstad	Inger Marie Andersen	Wenche Foss
cast member	Benny & Joon is a 1993 romantic comedy film released by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer about how two eccentric individuals, Sam (Johnny Depp) and Juniper ``Joon'' (Mary Stuart Masterson), find each other and fall in love.	Benny & Joon	Johnny Depp	Mary Stuart Masterson
cast member	Stingray Sam is a 2009 space-western/musical serial film, directed by and starring Cory McAbee.	Stingray Sam	Cory McAbee
cast member	My Pal, the King is a 1932 American Pre-Code Western film directed by Kurt Neumann and starring Tom Mix, Mickey Rooney and James Kirkwood.	My Pal, the King	Tom Mix
cast member	Mein Lieber Katrina is a 1914 American silent comedy short starring Charlotte Burton, George Field, Ida Lewis and John Steppling.	Mein Lieber Katrina	Charlotte Burton
cast member	Pandagala Vachadu is an upcoming Telugu film directed by Karthikeya Prasad.The film stars Nara Rohit and Neelam Upadhyaya in the lead.	Pandagala Vachadu	Nara Rohit
cast member	The Lucky Texan is a 1934 Lonestar Films B-movie Western film featuring John Wayne, five years before his breakthrough appearance in Stagecoach, Barbara Sheldon, Gabby Hayes, and legendary stuntman--actor Yakima Canutt.	The Lucky Texan	John Wayne	Barbara Sheldon	Yakima Canutt
cast member	Windy Riley Goes Hollywood is a 1931 American Pre-Code short comedy film directed by Roscoe Arbuckle using the pseudonym of William Goodrich and featuring Louise Brooks in her first talkie.	Windy Riley Goes Hollywood	Louise Brooks
cast member	The Terror Within is a 1989 science fiction/horror film starring George Kennedy, Andrew Stevens, Starr Andreeff and Terri Treas. The film was directed by Thierry Notz.	The Terror Within	George Kennedy
cast member	Por mis pistolas (``For my Pistols'') is a 1938 Mexican film starring Sara García.	Por mis pistolas	Sara García
cast member	Misled Youth (German:Verirrte Jugend) or Youth Gone Astray is a 1929 German silent drama film directed by Richard Löwenbein and starring Fritz Alberti, Erna Morena and Dolly Davis.	Misled Youth	Fritz Alberti
cast member	It's Easier for a Camel... (French: Il est plus facile pour un chameau...) is a 2003 French comedy film written, directed by and starring Valeria Bruni Tedeschi.	It's Easier for a Camel...	Valeria Bruni Tedeschi
cast member	Desi Magic is an upcoming Bollywood romantic comedy film, directed by Mehul Atha and produced by Ameesha Patel and Kuunal Goomer under the banner of Ameesha Patel Productions.	Desi Magic	Ameesha Patel
cast member	Uncertain Glory is a 1944 film directed by Raoul Walsh and starring Errol Flynn and Paul Lukas.	Uncertain Glory	Errol Flynn	Paul Lukas
cast member	Paratroop Command is a 1959 war film directed by William Witney, starring Richard Bakalyan, Ken Lynch and Jack Hogan.	Paratroop Command	Richard Bakalyan	Ken Lynch
cast member	Aptha is a 2011 Kannada film in the thriller genre starring Pooja Gandhi, Neeraj Sham in the lead roles .	Aptha	Pooja Gandhi
cast member	Days of Jesse James is a 1939 American film directed by Joseph Kane and starring Roy Rogers.	Days of Jesse James	Roy Rogers
cast member	Zombie Strippers is a 2008 American zombie comedy film written and directed by Jay Lee, starring Robert Englund, Jenna Jameson, and Tito Ortiz and distributed by Sony Pictures Home Entertainment.	Zombie Strippers	Robert Englund	Jenna Jameson	Tito Ortiz
cast member	Escape from the Dark (American title: The Littlest Horse Thieves) is a 1976 British family drama film produced by Walt Disney Productions, directed by Charles Jarrott and starring Alastair Sim (in his final film role), Peter Barkworth and Maurice Colbourne.	Escape from the Dark	Alastair Sim
cast member	Dancing Lady is a 1933 American Pre-Code musical film starring Joan Crawford and Clark Gable, and featuring Franchot Tone, Fred Astaire, Robert Benchley, and the Three Stooges.	Dancing Lady	Joan Crawford	Clark Gable	Franchot Tone	Fred Astaire	Robert Benchley
conflict	Thomas Boyle (29 June 1775 -- 12 October 1825) was one of the most successful Baltimore privateer captains during the War of 1812.	Thomas Boyle	War of 1812
conflict	Captain John Herbert Hedley (19 July 1887 -- 1 April 1977) was a World War I British flying ace credited with eleven aerial victories.	John Herbert Hedley	World War I
conflict	Vladimir Efimovich Gorev (1900 - 20 June 1938), known as Vladimir Gorev, was a military Belarusian known to have participated in the defense of Madrid as a Soviet military advisor during the Spanish Civil War.	Vladimir Gorev	Spanish Civil War
conflict	Major Rajesh Singh Adhikari, MVC (December 25, 1970 -- May 30, 1999), was an Indian Army officer who died during the Kargil War.	Rajesh Singh Adhikari	Kargil War
conflict	Lieutenant Colonel John McCrae, MD (November 30, 1872 -- January 28, 1918) was a Canadian poet, physician, author, artist and soldier during World War I, and a surgeon during the Second Battle of Ypres, in Belgium.	John McCrae	World War I
conflict	Frederick S. Neilon (June 22, 1846 -- September 13, 1916), also called Frank Singleton, was an American soldier in the U.S. Army who served with the 6th U.S. Cavalry during the Red River War.	Frederick S. Neilon	Red River War
conflict	Milan Kalabić (Serbian Cyrillic: Милан Калабић; 1886 -- 3 October 1942) was a Serbian military officer who fought in the Balkan Wars and the First World War and was involved with the Chetniks during the Second World War.	Milan Kalabić	Balkan Wars
conflict	Thomas Cavanaugh (born May 10, 1869) was an American sailor serving in the United States Navy during the Spanish-- American War who received the Medal of Honor for bravery.	Thomas Cavanaugh	Spanish-- American War
conflict	Newton Henry Mason (24 December 1918 -- May 1942) was a decorated United States Navy fighter pilot of World War II who was killed in action at the Battle of the Coral Sea.	Newton Henry Mason	World War II	Battle of the Coral Sea
conflict	Luís Vaz Pereira Pinto Guedes, 2nd Viscount of Montalegre, was a Portuguese soldier, born 1770, who served on the absolutist side in Portugal's Liberal Wars.	Luís Vaz Pereira Pinto Guedes	Liberal Wars
conflict	Gerhard Schacht (6 April 1916 -- 7 February 1972) was a highly decorated Major i.G. in the Fallschirmjäger during World War II and an Oberst in the Bundeswehr.	Gerhard Schacht	World War II
conflict	Orland Smith (May 2, 1825 -- October 3, 1903) was a railroad executive and a brigade commander in the Union Army during the American Civil War.	Orland Smith	American Civil War
conflict	Neboulos (Greek: Νέβουλος) was a South Slavic or Bulgar military commander in the service of the Byzantine emperor Justinian II (r. 685--695 and 705--711), who defected with many of his men to the Arabs during the crucial Battle of Sebastopolis.	Neboulos	Battle of Sebastopolis
conflict	Captain Jameel Sayhood was an Iraqi pilot in the Gulf War who it is claimed managed to attain one of the few aerial victories by the Iraqi Air Force in his MiG-29B, before being shot down by USAF Captain Craig Underhill and Captain Cesar Rodriguez with their F-15Cs mere minutes after his air-air victory.	Jameel Sayhood	Gulf War
conflict	The M1 carbine (formally the United States Carbine, Caliber .30, M1) is a lightweight .30 caliber semi-automatic carbine that became a standard firearm for the U.S. military during World War II, the Korean War and the Vietnam War, and was produced in several variants.	M1 carbine	World War II
conflict	Karl Kessel (1 June 1912 -- 24 August 1997) was a highly decorated Oberstleutnant im Generalstab in the Luftwaffe during World War II and a Generalmajor in the Bundeswehr.	Karl Kessel	World War II
conflict	Thomas Cruse (December 29, 1857 -- June 8, 1943) was a United States Army Brigadier General who was a recipient of the Medal of Honor for valor in action on July 17, 1882, at the Battle of Big Dry Wash, Arizona.	Thomas Cruse	Battle of Big Dry Wash
conflict	Werner Dobberstein (4 April 1911 -- 25 February 1993) was a Korvettenkapitän with the Kriegsmarine during World War II and a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross.	Werner Dobberstein	World War II
conflict	David Gregg McIntosh (March 16, 1836 -- October 16, 1916) was a Confederate artillery officer during the American Civil War from the state of South Carolina.	David Gregg McIntosh	American Civil War
conflict	On 26 February 1940 Ronald Symond enlisted again (in World War II).	Ronald Symond	World War II
conflict	Robert Heriot Barclay (18 September 1786 -- 8 May 1837) was a British naval officer who was engaged in the Napoleonic Wars, and its North American counterpart, the War of 1812.	Robert Heriot Barclay	Napoleonic Wars	War of 1812
conflict	Ernst Nobis (18 October 1901 -- 7 March 1963) was a highly decorated Oberst in the Wehrmacht during World War II who later served in the Austrian Bundesheer.	Ernst Nobis	World War II
conflict	Otto Kissenberth (26 February 1893 -- 2 August 1919) was a German flying ace of World War I credited with 20 aerial victories.	Otto Kissenberth	World War I
conflict	Oberstleutnant Anton Mader (born 7 January 1913 in Kaštel Novi -- died 19 February 1984 in Vienna) was German World War II Luftwaffe 86 victories Flying ace and recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross.	Anton Mader	World War II
conflict	The Battle of Arica, also known as Assault and Capture of Cape Arica, was a battle in the War of the Pacific.	Battle of Arica	War of the Pacific
conflict	Leutnant Hans-Georg von der Osten began his career as a World War I flying ace credited with five aerial victories.	Hans-Georg von der Osten	World War I
conflict	Col. Herbert T. Levack (March 14, 1916 -- January 27, 2010) was a command pilot in the U.S. Air Force flying B-24s in World War II, and C-124s in Korea and Vietnam.	Herbert T. Levack	World War II
conflict	USS Sallie Wood (1860) was a 256-ton steamer captured by the Union Navy during the early years of the American Civil War.	USS Sallie Wood (1860)	American Civil War
conflict	USS Stonewall (1863) was a small 30-ton blockade-running schooner captured by the Union Navy during the Union blockade of the American Civil War.	USS Stonewall (1863)	American Civil War
conflict	Josef Swientek (1 February 1912 -- 29 June 1991) was a Standartenführer (Colonel) in the Waffen SS during World War II who was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross, which was awarded to recognize extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership by Nazi Germany during World War II.	Josef Swientek	World War II
conflict	Alfred B. Hilton (1842 -- October 21, 1864) was a Union Army soldier during the American Civil War and a recipient of America's highest military decoration--the Medal of Honor--for his actions at the Battle of Chaffin's Farm.	Alfred B. Hilton	American Civil War	Battle of Chaffin's Farm
conflict	Lothar Kmitta (19 January 1921 -- 13 May 2009) was a highly decorated Leutnant in the Luftwaffe during World War II, and a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross.	Lothar Kmitta	World War II
conflict	Julio Mangada Rosenörn (June 30, 1877 Sancti Spíritus, Cuba -- April 14, 1946, Mexico City) was a prominent Spanish Republican Army officer during the Second Spanish Republic and the Spanish Civil War.	Julio Mangada	Spanish Civil War
conflict	Major Thomas Sinclair Harrison DFC* (born 8 January 1898 in South Africa) was a World War I fighter ace credited with 22 aerial victories.	Thomas Sinclair Harrison	World War I
conflict	Klaus Häberlen (14 April 1916 -- 7 April 2002) was a German Luftwaffe bomber pilot during World War II and recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross which was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership.	Klaus Häberlen	World War II
conflict	Quincy Adams Gillmore (February 25, 1825 -- April 11, 1888) was an American civil engineer, author, and a general in the Union Army during the American Civil War.	Quincy Adams Gillmore	American Civil War
conflict	Matthäus Hetzenauer (23 December 1924 in Tyrol, Austria -- 3 October 2004) was an Austrian sniper in the 3rd Mountain Division on the Eastern Front of the World War II, who was credited with 345 kills.	Matthäus Hetzenauer	World War II
conflict	Mustafa Şekip Birgöl (1903 -- November 11, 2008), a retired Turkish colonel, was the last veteran of the Turkish War of Independence (1919--1923).	Mustafa Şekip Birgöl	Turkish War of Independence
conflict	David Bullock Harris (September 28, 1814 -- October 10, 1864) was a Colonel in the Confederate States Army during the American Civil War (Civil War).	David Bullock Harris	American Civil War
conflict	Charles-Théodore Millot (28 June 1829 -- 17 May 1889) was a French general who distinguished himself in the Franco-Prussian War (1870--71) and the Tonkin campaign (1883--86).	Charles-Théodore Millot	Franco-Prussian War
conflict	Major Arthur Chin (Chinese: 陳瑞鈿; pinyin: Chén Ruìdiàn; Cantonese: Chan Sui-Tin; October 23, 1913 -- September 3, 1997) was a pilot from the United States who participated in the Second Sino-Japanese War.	Arthur Chin	Second Sino-Japanese War
conflict	George Henry Thomas (July 31, 1816 -- March 28, 1870) was a United States Army officer and a Union general during the American Civil War, one of the principal commanders in the Western Theater.	George Henry Thomas	American Civil War
conflict	Clack Stone (fl. 1827--1839) was a captain in the 27th Regiment Illinois Militia during the 1832 Black Hawk War.	Clack Stone	Black Hawk War
conflict	John Pope Cook (June 12, 1825 -- October 13, 1910) was an Illinois politician and a general in the Union Army during the American Civil War.	John Pope Cook	American Civil War
conflict	Franco Lucchini, MOVM, (24 December 1917 -- 5 July 1943) was an Italian World War II fighter pilot in the Aviazione Legionaria and in the Regia Aeronautica.	Franco Lucchini	World War II
conflict	Major Archibald H. Gillespie (14 August 1810 -- 16 August 1873) was an officer in the United States Marine Corps during the Mexican-American War.	Archibald H. Gillespie	Mexican-American War
conflict	Heinz-Otto Fabian (1 March 1918 -- 16 September 1990) was a highly decorated Major in the Wehrmacht during World War II and later a Brigadegeneral of the Bundeswehr.	Heinz-Otto Fabian	World War II
conflict	Colonel Ambrosio José Gonzales (October 3, 1818 -- July 31, 1893) was a Cuban revolutionary who became a Colonel in the Confederate States Army during the American Civil War.	Ambrosio José Gonzales	American Civil War
conflict	Mitros Petrovas or Mitropetrovas (Greek: Μήτρος Πέτροβας, Μητροπέτροβας, 1745 -- 12 March 1838) was a military leader of the Greek War of Independence from Messenia and one of the leaders of the anti-government riots during the Bavarian regency of Greece.	Mitropetrovas	Greek War of Independence
conflict	Joseph L. Epps (May 16, 1870--June 20, 1952) was a United States Army private received the Medal of Honor for his actions on December 4, 1899 during the Philippine-American War.	Joseph L. Epps	Philippine-American War
conflict	Jacob Fick (17 January 1912 -- 22 April 2004) was an Obersturmbannführer (Lieutenant Colonel), in the Waffen SS during World War II who was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross.	Jacob Fick	World War II
conflict	Colonel Ernst Ludwig Wilhelm von Bismarck (7 April 1772 in Magdeburg -- 20 June 1815 in Namur) was a Prussian officer during the Napoleonic Wars.	Ernst Ludwig Wilhelm von Bismarck	Napoleonic Wars
conflict	Paul Langkopf (7 July 1915 -- 6 November 1961) was a highly decorated Oberleutnant in the Luftwaffe during World War II, and a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross.	Paul Langkopf	World War II
conflict	Joel Abbot (January 18, 1793 -- December 14, 1855) was a U.S. naval officer who served notably in the War of 1812, and commanded a squadron during Commodore Perry's 1852 visit to Japan.	Joel Abbot	War of 1812
conflict	Major Reinhard Seiler (30 August 1909 -- 6 October 1989) was German Spanish Civil War and World War II Luftwaffe Ace, commander of Jagdgeschwader 104 and a winner of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves (German: Ritterkreuz des Eisernen Kreuzes mit Eichenlaub).	Reinhard Seiler	World War II
conflict	Prince Alexei Grigorievich Scherbatov (Russian: Алексей Григорьевич Щербатов; 1776-1848) was a Russian imperial general during the Napoleonic Wars and November Uprising.	Alexei Grigorievich Scherbatov	Napoleonic Wars
conflict	James Kelsey Cogswell (September 27, 1847 -- August 12, 1908) was an admiral in the United States Navy who served in Spanish-- American War.	James Kelsey Cogswell	Spanish-- American War
conflict	Anthimos Gazis (or Gazes; Ἄνθιμος Γαζῆς; 1758, Milies -- 1828, Ermoupoli, Syros) was a Greek scholar, philosopher during the Greek Enlightenment, cartographer and one of the heroes of the Greek War of Independence against the Ottoman Empire.	Anthimos Gazis	Greek War of Independence
conflict	Pomeroy Parker (March 17, 1874 -- December 30, 1946) was a private serving in the United States Marine Corps during the Spanish-- American War who received the Medal of Honor for bravery.	Pomeroy Parker	Spanish-- American War
conflict	David McMurtrie Gregg (April 10, 1833 -- August 7, 1916) was a farmer, diplomat, and a Union cavalry general in the American Civil War.	David McMurtrie Gregg	American Civil War
conflict	Nikitaras (Greek: Νικηταράς) was the nom de guerre of Nikitas Stamatelopoulos (Greek: Νικήτας Σταματελόπουλος) (1784 -- 1849), a Greek revolutionary in the Greek War of Independence.	Nikitaras	Greek War of Independence
conflict	Alfred Siegling (15 March 1918 -- 6 September 1984) was a Untersturmführer (Second Lieutenant), in the Waffen SS during World War II who was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross.	Alfred Siegling	World War II
conflict	The Ordnance QF 6-pounder 6 cwt Hotchkiss Mk I and Mk II was a shortened version of the original QF 6 pounder Hotchkiss naval gun, and was developed specifically for use in the sponsons of the later Marks of British tanks in World War I, from Mark IV onwards.	QF 6-pounder 6 cwt Hotchkiss	World War I
conflict	General Stanisław Maczek ((staˈɲiswav ˈmat͡ʂɛk); 31 March 1892 -- 11 December 1994) was a Polish tank commander of World War II, whose division was instrumental in the Allied liberation of France, closing the Falaise pocket, resulting in the destruction of 14 German Wehrmacht and SS divisions.	Stanisław Maczek	World War II
conflict	Edward B. Young (1835 -- February 24, 1867) was a Union Navy sailor in the American Civil War and a recipient of the U.S. military's highest decoration, the Medal of Honor, for his actions at the Battle of Mobile Bay.	Edward B. Young	American Civil War
conflict	Jean François Graindorge (1 July 1770 -- 1 October 1810) became a brigade commander during the Napoleonic Wars and was mortally wounded while leading his troops against the British at the Battle of Bussaco in Portugal.	Jean François Graindorge	Napoleonic Wars
conflict	Jürgen Stroop (born Josef Stroop, 26 September 1895 in Detmold, Germany -- 6 March 1952 in Warsaw, Poland) was an SS General during World War II. He was in command against the Warsaw Ghetto Uprising and wrote the Stroop Report, a book-length account of the operation.	Jürgen Stroop	Warsaw Ghetto Uprising
conflict	Hormuzan (Middle Persian: Hormazdān, New Persian: هرمزان) was an Iranian aristocrat who served as the governor of Khuzestan, and was one of the Sasanian military officers at the Battle of al-Qādisiyyah.	Hormuzan	Battle of al-Qādisiyyah
constellation	Messier 28 (also known as M28 or NGC 6626) is a globular cluster in the constellation Sagittarius.	Messier 28	Sagittarius
constellation	NGC 2423-3 is a red giant star approximately 2498 light-years away in the constellation of Puppis.	NGC 2423-3	Puppis
constellation	XX Tauri (Nova Tauri 1927) was a nova, which appeared in the constellation Taurus in 1927.	XX Tauri	Taurus
constellation	NGC 7662, also known as the Blue Snowball Nebula or Snowball Nebula, is a planetary nebula located in the constellation Andromeda.	NGC 7662	Andromeda
constellation	HIP 14810 b is a massive hot Jupiter approximately 170 light-years away in the constellation of Aries.	HIP 14810 b	Aries
constellation	61 Virginis d (abbreviated 61 Vir d) is a proposed exoplanet orbiting the 5th apparent-magnitude G-type main-sequence star 61 Virginis in the constellation Virgo.	61 Virginis d	Virgo
constellation	NGC 4102 is an intermediate spiral galaxy located in the northern constellation of Ursa Major.	NGC 4102	Ursa Major
constellation	6 Ceti (6 Cet) is a star in the constellation Cetus.	6 Ceti	Cetus
constellation	Nu Scorpii or Jabbah (ν Sco, 14 Scorpii) is a star system in the constellation Scorpius.	Nu Scorpii	Scorpius
constellation	2MASS J0523-1403 is a very-low-mass red dwarf about 40 light years from Earth in the southern constellation of Lepus.	2MASS J0523-1403	Lepus
constellation	NGC 6850 is a spiral galaxy in the constellation Telescopium, discovered by John Herschel in 1836.	NGC 6850	Telescopium
constellation	HD 104985 b, also named Meztli, is an extrasolar planet approximately 97 parsecs (317 lys) from the Sun in the constellation of Camelopardalis.	HD 104985 b	Camelopardalis
constellation	VV Corvi (VV Crv) is a close spectroscopic binary in the constellation Corvus.	VV Corvi	Corvus
constellation	The M94 Group (Canes Venatici I Group) is a loose, extended group of galaxies located about 13 million light-years away in the constellations Canes Venatici and Coma Berenices.	M94 Group	Canes Venatici	Coma Berenices
constellation	NGC 1300 is a barred spiral galaxy about 61 million light-years away in the constellation Eridanus.	NGC 1300	Eridanus
constellation	Lambda Ceti (λ Cet, λ Ceti) is Class B star of fifth-magnitude star located in the constellation Cetus.	Lambda Ceti	Cetus
constellation	R Equulei is a M-type star, while also a Mira variable, is located in the constellation Equuleus.	R Equulei	Equuleus
constellation	NGC 1042 is a spiral galaxy in the Constellation Cetus.	NGC 1042	Cetus
constellation	HD 87822 is a binary star in the northern constellation of Leo Minor.	HD 87822	Leo Minor
constellation	10 Ursae Majoris (10 UMa) is a star in the constellation Lynx.	10 Ursae Majoris	Lynx
constellation	HD 50499 is a yellow dwarf star approximately 154 light-years away in the constellation of constellation of Puppis.	HD 50499	Puppis
constellation	16 Persei (16 Per) is a star in the constellation Perseus.	16 Persei	Perseus
constellation	Eta Serpentis (η Ser, η Serpentis) is a star in the constellation Serpens.	Eta Serpentis	Serpens
constellation	NO Apodis (HD 156513) is semi-regular pulsating star located in the far southern constellation Apus.	NO Apodis	Apus
constellation	HD 152079 is a star in the constellation Ara and has one planet.	HD 152079	Ara
constellation	Iota Ceti (ι Cet, ι Ceti) is a star in the constellation Cetus.	Iota Ceti	Cetus
constellation	NGC 634 is a spiral galaxy, lying 250 million light years away in the Triangulum constellation.	NGC 634	Triangulum
constellation	HD 231701 is a yellow-white dwarf star approximately 390 light years away in the constellation of Sagitta.	HD 231701	Sagitta
constellation	Zeta Apodis (ζ Aps, ζ Apodis) is the Bayer designation for a star in the southern constellation of Apus.	Zeta Apodis	Apus
constellation	Fleming 1 is an unusual planetary nebula situated in the Centaurus constellation.	Fleming 1	Centaurus
constellation	Zeta Ursae Minoris (ζ UMi, ζ Ursae Minoris) is a star in the constellation Ursa Minor.	Zeta Ursae Minoris	Ursa Minor
constellation	NGC 3626, also Caldwell 40, is a medium-tightness spiral galaxy and Caldwell object in the constellation Leo.	NGC 3626	Leo
constellation	Messier 87 (also known as Virgo A or NGC 4486, and generally abbreviated to M87) is a supergiant elliptical galaxy in the constellation Virgo.	Messier 87	Virgo
constellation	Sh2-54 is an extended bright nebula in the constellation of Serpens.	Sh2-54	Serpens
constellation	WISE J014656.66+423410.0 (designation abbreviated to WISE 0146+4234) is a brown dwarf of spectral class Y0, located in constellation Andromeda.	WISE 0146+4234	Andromeda
constellation	39 Arietis (abbreviated 39 Ari) is a star in the northern constellation of Aries.	39 Arietis	Aries
constellation	30 Geminorum (30 Gem) is a star in the constellation Gemini.	30 Geminorum	Gemini
constellation	KOI-74 (KIC 6889235) is an eclipsing binary star in the constellation of Cygnus.	KOI-74	Cygnus
constellation	Kepler-66 is a star with slightly more mass than the Sun in the NGC 6811 open cluster in the Cygnus constellation and has one confirmed planet, slightly smaller than Neptune, announced in 2013.	Kepler-66	Cygnus
constellation	HD 76728, also called c Carinae (c Car), is a star in the constellation Carina.	HD 76728	Carina
constellation	MS 0735.6+7421 is a galaxy cluster located in the constellation Camelopardalis, approximately 2.6 billion light-years away.	MS 0735.6+7421	Camelopardalis
constellation	HD 73534 b is an extrasolar planet which orbits the G-type subgiant star HD 73534, located approximately 316 light years away in the constellation Cancer.	HD 73534 b	Cancer
constellation	HD 155358 is a low metallicity yellow dwarf star approximately 43 pc away in the constellation Hercules.	HD 155358	Hercules
constellation	Arp-Madore 1 is a globular cluster in the constellation Horologium 398,000 light-years away.	Arp-Madore 1	Horologium
constellation	Delta Horologii (δ Her) is a star in the constellation Horologium.	Delta Horologii	Horologium
constellation	Kappa Ophiuchi (κ Oph, κ Ophiuchi) is a star in the equatorial constellation Ophiuchus.	Kappa Ophiuchi	Ophiuchus
constellation	NGC 6819 is an open cluster (commonly known as an ``open star cluster'') located 7,200 light years away in the Cygnus constellation.	NGC 6819	Cygnus
constellation	NGC 84 (PGC 3325897) is a star in the constellation of Andromeda.	NGC 84	Andromeda
constellation	Lambda Piscium (Lambda Psc, λ Piscium, λ Psc) is a star approximately 101 light years away from Earth in the constellation Pisces.	Lambda Piscium	Pisces
constellation	HR 8768, also known as LN Andromedae, is a slowly pulsating B star in the constellation Andromeda.	HR 8768	Andromeda
constellation	NGC 925 is a barred spiral galaxy located about 30 million light-years away in the constellation Triangulum.	NGC 925	Triangulum
constellation	2MASS J09373487+2931409, or 2MASSI J0937347+293142 (abbreviated to 2MASS 0937+2931) is a brown dwarf of spectral class T6, located in the constellation Leo about 19.96 light-years from Earth..	2MASSI J0937347+293142	Leo
constellation	HD 231701 b is an extrasolar planet approximately 354 light years away in the constellation of Sagitta.	HD 231701 b	Sagitta
constellation	WASP-6 is a type-G yellow dwarf star located about 1000 light-years away in the Aquarius constellation.	WASP-6	Aquarius
constellation	NGC 2217 is a nearly face-on lenticular galaxy of about 100 thousand light-years across that lies roughly 65 million light years from Earth in the constellation of Canis Major.	NGC 2217	Canis Major
constellation	Messier 50 (also known as M 50 or NGC 2323) is an open cluster in the constellation Monoceros.	Messier 50	Monoceros
constellation	Iota Leporis (ι Lep) is a class B7.5V (blue main-sequence) star in the constellation Lepus.	Iota Leporis	Lepus
constellation	The Bayer designation Nu Sagittarii (Nu Sgr, ν Sagittarii, ν Sgr) is shared by two star systems, ν¹ Sagittarii and ν² Sagittarii, in the constellation Sagittarius.	Nu Sagittarii	Sagittarius
constellation	Lambda Geminorum (λ Gem, λ Geminorum) is a class A3, fourth-magnitude star in the constellation Gemini.	Lambda Geminorum	Gemini
constellation	HD 89744 is an F-dwarf star about 130 light years away in the constellation of Ursa Major.	HD 89744	Ursa Major
constellation	NGC 2770 is a type SASc spiral galaxy located about 88 million light years away, in the constellation Lynx.	NGC 2770	Lynx
constellation	HD 192263 is an 8th magnitude star about 63 light years away in the constellation of Aquila.	HD 192263	Aquila
constellation	Eta Ursae Minoris (η UMi, η Ursae Minoris) is a star in the constellation Ursa Minor.	Eta Ursae Minoris	Ursa Minor
constellation	NGC 3738 is a dwarf galaxy lying in the constellation of Ursa Major, located about 12 million light-years from the Sun, and belongs to the Messier 81 group of galaxies.	NGC 3738	Ursa Major
constellation	OGLE-TR-182 is a dim magnitude 17 star far off in the constellation Carina at a distance of approximately 12,700 light years.	OGLE-TR-182	Carina
constellation	7 Ceti (7 Cet) is a red giant star in the constellation Cetus.	7 Ceti	Cetus
constellation	HD 30177 is an 8th magnitude star located approximately 178 light-years (55 parsecs) away in the constellation Dorado.	HD 30177	Dorado
constellation	HD 94510 (u Car, u Carinae) is a star in the constellation Carina.	HD 94510	Carina
constellation	Gliese 436 is a red dwarf approximately 33.1 light-years (10.1 parsecs) away in the zodiac constellation of Leo.	Gliese 436	Leo
constellation	NGC 68 is an lenticular galaxy, and the central member of the NGC 68 group, in the constellation Andromeda.	NGC 68	Andromeda
constellation	NGC 7320c is a galaxy member of the Stephan's Quintet located in the constellation Pegasus.	NGC 7320c	Pegasus
constellation	Xi Coronae Borealis (ξ CrB) is a star in the constellation Corona Borealis.	Xi Coronae Borealis	Corona Borealis
constellation	Xi Cancri (ξ Cnc, ξ Cancri) is a spectroscopic binary in the constellation Cancer.	Xi Cancri	Cancer
constellation	Nu Tauri (ν Tau, ν Tauri) is a star in the constellation Taurus.	Nu Tauri	Taurus
constellation	66 Cancri (66 Cnc) is a star in the constellation Cancer.	66 Cancri	Cancer
constellation	HD 154857 b is an extrasolar planet approximately 224 light years away in the constellation of Ara.	HD 154857 b	Ara
constellation	HD 114762 b is a massive gaseous extrasolar planet, approximately 132 light-years (40.6 pc) away in the constellation of Coma Berenices.	HD 114762 b	Coma Berenices
constellation	NGC 7315 is a galaxy in Pegasus.	NGC 7315	Pegasus
constellation	HAT-P-6b is a transiting extrasolar planet located approximately 650 light-years away in the constellation of Andromeda, orbiting the star HAT-P-6.	HAT-P-6b	Andromeda
constellation	HD 208527 is a M1III red giant star located in Pegasus.	HD 208527	Pegasus
constellation	HD 115337 is a cool supergiant star in the constellation Camelopardalis.	HD 115337	Camelopardalis
constellation	Lacaille 9352 (Lac 9352) is a star in the southern constellation of Piscis Austrinus.	Lacaille 9352	Piscis Austrinus
constellation	HD 33636 is a binary system located approximately 94 light-years away in Orion constellation.	HD 33636	Orion
continent	The Glover Rocks (67°46′S 68°54′W) are a group of rocks lying northwest of Avian Island, off the south end of Adelaide Island, Antarctica.	Glover Rocks	Antarctica
continent	Hiyoko Island is an island lying 1.1 kilometres (0.6 nmi) southwest of Nesøya in the northeastern part of Lützow-Holm Bay, Antarctica.	Hiyoko Island	Antarctica
continent	Mount McDonald (72°30′S 166°36′E) is a peak rising to 2,470 metres (8,100 ft) on the north side of Trafalgar Glacier, 4 nautical miles (7 km) northwest of Mount Burton, in the Victory Mountains of Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Mount McDonald	Antarctica
continent	Krakra Bluff (Rid Krakra \'rid 'kra-kra\) is a rocky bluff of elevation 140 m surmounting Memorable Beach (62°38′35``S 60°33′19''W) on the northwest coast of South Bay, Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica.	Krakra Bluff	Antarctica
continent	Jacobs Island is a narrow island 560 m (0.3 nmi) long between the Hellerman Rocks and Laggard Island, off the southwest coast of Anvers Island, Antarctica.	Jacobs Island	Antarctica
country	Nižná Voľa (Ukrainian: Нижня Воля, Nyzhnia Volia) is a village and municipality in Bardejov District in the Prešov Region of north-east Slovakia.	Nižná Voľa	Slovakia
country	Dehkadeh-ye Asayesh (Persian: دهكده اسايش‎, also Romanized as Dehkadeh-ye Āsāyesh; also known as Āsāyesh) is a village in Bakeshluchay Rural District, in the Central District of Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Dehkadeh-ye Asayesh	Iran
country	Putnikovo (Serbian Cyrillic: Путниково) is a village in Serbia.	Putnikovo	Serbia
country	Banaruiyeh District (Persian: بخش بنارویه‎) is a district (bakhsh) in Larestan County, Fars Province, Iran.	Banaruiyeh District	Iran
country	The Döllnitzbahn GmbH is a private railway company in Saxony in eastern Germany.	Döllnitzbahn	Germany
country of citizenship	In Greek mythology, King Laius (pronounced /ˈlaɪ.əs/), or Laios (Greek: Λάϊος) of Thebes was a divine hero and key personage in the Theban founding myth.	Laius	Thebes
country of citizenship	During the 2012 trial United States of America v. Carollo, Goldberg and Grimm, the former CDR employee Doug Goldberg testified that he was involved in giving Bill Richardson campaign contributions amounting to $100,000 in exchange for his company CDR being hired to handle a $400 million swap deal for the New Mexico state government.	Bill Richardson	United States of America
country of citizenship	Kazimierz Leon Sapieha (Lithuanian: Kazimieras Leonas Sapiega) (1609--1656) was a nobleman of the Grand Duchy of Lithuania, a part of the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth, Royal Secretary and Grand Writer of Lithuania from 1631, Court Marshal of Lithuania from 1637, Deputy Chancellor of Lithuania from 1645.	Kazimierz Leon Sapieha	Grand Duchy of Lithuania
country of citizenship	Tony Fomison (12 July 1939 -- 7 February 1990) was a notable artist in New Zealand.	Tony Fomison	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Subcomandante Elisa (born María Gloria Benavides Guevara) is a Zapatista activist who, before her arrest and the revelation of her identity, was a subcomandante in Mexico's Zapatista Army of National Liberation.	Subcomandante Elisa	Mexico
country of citizenship	Ilana Yahav (Hebrew: אילנה יהב‎) is a sand animation artist from Israel.	Ilana Yahav	Israel
country of citizenship	Wilm Weppelmann (b. 17 April 1957 in Lüdinghausen) is a German artist, conceptual artist, photographer and writer based in Münster, Germany, with extensive solo exhibitions (Town Museum Münster, Museum for Sepulchral Culture Kassel, etc.) concerning the boundaries of human existence.	Wilm Weppelmann	Germany
country of citizenship	Renato Treves (1907--1992) was born in Turin, Italy of a Jewish family.	Renato Treves	Italy
country of citizenship	Shannon Donato (born 3 April 1975 in Sydney, Australia) is a former rugby league player who played for the South Sydney Rabbitohs, Cronulla-Sutherland Sharks and the Penrith Panthers.	Shannon Donato	Australia
country of citizenship	Leone di Lernia (born Leonardo di Lernia in Trani, Italy, April 18, 1938) is a radio host, singer, and composer of the genre trash-demented.	Leone di Lernia	Italy
country of citizenship	Renaud of Vendôme was one of the first chancellors of France.	Renaud of Vendôme	France
country of citizenship	Major General (retired) Saidu Ayodele Balogun was appointed the first Governor of Ogun State, Nigeria after it was formed from part of the old Western State in March 1976, holding office until July 1978 during the military regime of General Olusegun Obasanjo.	Saidu Ayodele Balogun	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Serge Hutin (1927--1997) born in France, was an author on books on esoterica and the occult.	Serge Hutin	France
country of citizenship	Jan Ferdynand Nax (April 1736 -- 19 January 1810) was an architect, economist, social reformer and adviser on the navigability and conservation of Poland's water resources.	Jan Ferdynand Nax	Poland
country of citizenship	John Novak (born September 9, 1955 in Caracas, Venezuela) is an actor and anime voice actor who frequently does voice work for the Ocean Group based in Vancouver, Canada.	John Novak	Venezuela
country of citizenship	Alexandros Karagiannis (Greek: Αλέξανδρος Καραγιάνης; born 25 October 1993, in Grevena, Greece), is a Winger currently playing in the Football League (Greece) for Chania.	Alexandros Karagiannis	Greece
country of citizenship	Sixto Santa Cruz (born 6 November 1986 in Ypané) is a professional football Striker that is from Paraguay.	Sixto Santa Cruz	Paraguay
country of citizenship	Giuseppe Gustavo Mattli was born in Locarno, Switzerland and grew up in the Italian-speaking southern city of Lugano as one of a family of 14 children (12 of them were girls).	Mattli	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Latif Mohammed is a Ghanaian professional footballer who currently plays for Ashanti Gold F.C. in the Ghana Premier League.	Latif Mohammed	Ghana
country of citizenship	Markku Aro (Finnish pronunciation: (ˈmɑrkːu ˈɑro)), born as Markku Tuomas Puputti (3 February 1950 in Mouhijärvi, Finland), is a Finnish singer who performed on Eurovision contest in 1971 in Ireland with the pop-duo Koivistolaiset.	Markku Aro	Finland
country of citizenship	Rasanara Parwin (born Rasanara Kephatulla Parwin) born on May 4, 1992 is a right-arm off break bowler for the India national women's cricket team who made her debut in the 2013 Women's Cricket World Cup against West Indies.	Rasanara Parwin	India
country of citizenship	Caroline Celico Leite (née Lyra; born July 26, 1987 in São Paulo, Brazil) is a Brazilian socialite, singer and former Evangelical pastor at the Reborn in Christ Church, which she left in 2010.	Caroline Celico	Brazil
country of citizenship	Umberto Ammaturo (born May 21, 1941), also known as 'O pazzo (the mad one), is a former Italian criminal and a member of the Neapolitan Camorra, a Mafia-type organisation in Italy.	Umberto Ammaturo	Italy
country of citizenship	Lucio Agostini (Fano, Italy, 30 December 1913 -- Toronto, 15 February 1996) was an Italian-born composer, arranger, and conductor who established his career in Canada.	Lucio Agostini	Canada
country of citizenship	Fernando Jara (born December 18, 1987 in Panama) is a thoroughbred horse racing jockey in the United States.	Fernando Jara	Panama
country of citizenship	Paul Freier (born 26 July 1979, in Bytom, Poland) is a German football coach and former football player, who was usually employed on the right wing.	Paul Freier	Poland
country of citizenship	The United Kingdom Census 1841 recorded the occupants of every UK household on the night of 6 June 1841 when Barnet Burns, mariner, and Rosina Crowther, pedlar, were lodging at Vincent Street, Sculcoates, Kingston upon Hull.	Barnet Burns	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	Mansur Hoda was absolutely convinced by the Schumacher's concept of Intermediate Technology or Appropriate technology - something between the sickle and the combine harvester, the hoe and the tractor - as the only feasible solution to the problems of massive unemployment that haunted India and other developing countries.	Mansur Hoda	India
country of citizenship	Ashley Isham (born Eshamuddin Ismail in Singapore in 1976) is a fashion designer.	Ashley Isham	Singapore
country of citizenship	Kostandin Shpataraku was born in Valesh village, Shpat region in Albania.	Kostandin Shpataraku	Albania
country of citizenship	Nguyễn Văn Vy (born 16 January 1916) was a Vietnamese soldier who rose to the rank of lieutenant general in the Army of the Republic of Vietnam (ARVN).	Nguyễn Văn Vy	Vietnam
country of citizenship	David de Burgh Graham (born 1981) is an important player in the free software movement, a railfan, and a member of Parliament for the Liberal Party of Canada for the riding of Laurentides--	David de Burgh Graham	Canada
country of citizenship	Mirosław Kalita is a coach and captain of soccer team Wisłoka Dębica, Poland.	Mirosław Kalita	Poland
country of citizenship	Celso Duarte (born June 1974, in Villarrica, Paraguay) is a virtuoso of Paraguayan harp and Mexican jarocho harp, arranger, singer, and multi-talented instrumentalist.	Celso Duarte	Paraguay
country of citizenship	Shapoor Reporter or Sir Shapoor Ardeshir Reporter KBE (born 1 January 1920) was a British intelligence agent in Iran who had an important role in the 1953 Iranian coup d'état against the prime minister of the time, Mohammad Mosaddegh.	Shapoor Reporter	Iran
country of citizenship	Sandia Furtado is an Indian actress who has risen to fame with her portrayal of the character Nethra Reddy, a member of the Indian women's national hockey team, in the Hindi Bollywood film Chak De India.	Sandia Furtado	India
country of citizenship	John Yeeden Lloyd (born 1795) was a member of the New Zealand Legislative Council from 31 December 1853.	John Yeeden Lloyd	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Ernst Levy (born Basel, Switzerland 18 November 1895, died Morges, Switzerland 19 April 1981) was a Swiss musicologist, composer, pianist and conductor.	Ernst Levy	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Ivana Ninković (Serbian Cyrillic: Ивана Нинковић; born 15 December 1995 in Trebinje, Bosnia and Herzegovina) is a Bosnian Serb swimmer who swims for Swimming Club ' Olymp ' Banja Luka and for Bosnia and Herzegovina national swim team.	Ivana Ninković	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country of citizenship	Horace Haszard (November 2, 1853 -- May 11, 1922) was a wholesale merchant and political figure in Prince Edward Island, Canada.	Horace Haszard	Canada
country of citizenship	Michel Averseng (born August 1936, Toulouse, France) is a French sculptor.	Michel Averseng	France
country of citizenship	Seelaratna Senarath (born September 2, 1944) is the Director Programming of CRI Sri Lanka.	Seelaratna Senarath	Sri Lanka
country of citizenship	Francisco Rojas Soto (born 16 October 1950) is a retired sprint runner from Paraguay.	Francisco Rojas Soto	Paraguay
country of citizenship	Rabbi Yitzhak-Meir Levin (Hebrew: יצחק-מאיר לוין‎, born 30 January 1893, died 7 August 1971) was an Haredi (ultra-orthodox Jewish) politician who was a Member of Parliament in both Poland and Israel.	Yitzhak-Meir Levin	Israel
country of citizenship	Andreas Mölzer (born 2 December 1952 in Leoben, Styria) is an Austrian politician and former Member of the European Parliament for the Freedom Party of Austria.	Andreas Mölzer	Austria
country of citizenship	Pietari Inkinen (born 29 April 1980, Kouvola, Finland) is a Finnish violinist and conductor.	Pietari Inkinen	Finland
country of citizenship	Hilde Teerlinck (born 1966 in Bruges, Belgium) is a Belgian curator, and was the director of the Fonds Regional d’Art Contemporain Nord-Pas de Calais (FRAC), in Dunkirk, France.	Hilde Teerlinck	Belgium
country of citizenship	Markus Gross (born June 14, 1963, Saarland, Germany) is a Professor of Computer science at the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology Zürich (ETH), head of its Computer Graphics Laboratory, and the director of Disney Research, Zurich.	Markus Gross	Germany
country of citizenship	Major General Bùi Đình Đạm (born c. 1926) was a general of the Army of the Republic of Vietnam (ARVN).	Bùi Đình Đạm	Vietnam
country of citizenship	Charles Richard-Hamelin (Lanaudière, Canada, 17 July 1989) is a Canadian concert pianist.	Charles Richard-Hamelin	Canada
country of citizenship	Melvinder Kanth is an award winning documentary film-maker and actor who has appeared in several TV films and theatre in the United Kingdom and Singapore since 1996.	Melvinder Kanth	Singapore
country of citizenship	Ayla Algan (born 29 October 1937, in Istanbul, Turkey) is a Turkish film/stage actress and singer.	Ayla Algan	Turkey
country of citizenship	Taytu Betul (Amharic: ጣይቱ ብጡል? c. 1851 -- February 11, 1918) (baptismal name Wälättä Mikael) was an Empress Consort of the Ethiopian Empire (1889--1913) and the third wife of Emperor Menelek II of Ethiopia.	Taytu Betul	Ethiopia
country of citizenship	Son of an American professional basketball player and a French flight attendant, Sylvain White was born in France and grew up in Paris.	Sylvain White	France
country of citizenship	Firman McClure (November 19, 1861 -- March 28, 1901) was a lawyer, editor and political figure in Nova Scotia, Canada.	Firman McClure	Canada
country of citizenship	DJ Deep (born Andreas Peine, born January 2, 1968) is a dance music DJ, producer and megamixer from Schermbeck, Germany.	DJ Deep	Germany
country of citizenship	Roberto Musci (born March 27, 1956 in Milan, Italy) is a music composer, performer, saxophonist and guitar player.	Roberto Musci	Italy
country of citizenship	Owen Gray also known as Owen Grey (born 5 July 1939, Jamaica) is one of Jamaica's 'Foundation' singers whose work spans the R&B, ska, rocksteady, and reggae eras of Jamaican music, and he has been credited as Jamaica's first home-grown singing star.	Owen Gray	Jamaica
country of citizenship	Alen Mešanović (born October 26, 1975 in Banovići) is a Bosnian professional footballer who is a free agent in the Premier League of Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Alen Mešanović	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country of citizenship	Wayne Ryding is an English Paralympic swimmer, who was born in and initially competed for Australia.	Wayne Ryding	Australia
country of citizenship	Alberto Ullastres (15 January 1914 - 15 November 2001) was Spain's Minister of Economy (1957-1965) and Ambassador to the European Economic Community (1965-1976) under General Franco.	Alberto Ullastres	Spain
country of citizenship	July 31, 1921 Karl Jiszda debuted for the Austria national football team against Finland (2-3).	Karl Jiszda	Austria
country of citizenship	Antonin Perbòsc was a poet from Occitania, France.	Antonin Perbòsc	France
country of citizenship	Lieutenant Colonel Alexandre Banza (1932 -- 12 April 1969) was a military officer and politician in the Central African Republic.	Alexandre Banza	Central African Republic
country of citizenship	Luís Alves de Lima e Silva, Duke of Caxias (25 August 1803 -- 7 May 1880), nicknamed ``the Peacemaker'' and ``Iron Duke'', was an army officer, politician and monarchist of the Empire of Brazil.	Luís Alves de Lima e Silva, Duke of Caxias	Brazil
country of citizenship	Imbi Paju (born June 3, 1959, Jõgevamaa, Estonia) is an Estonian-born journalist, writer and filmmaker resident in Finland.	Imbi Paju	Estonia
country of citizenship	Osvaldo Castro Pelayos (born 17 October 1948) is a retired Chilean footballer who played league football for clubs in Chile and Mexico, as well as playing international football for Chile.	Osvaldo Castro	Chile
country of citizenship	Andreas Lønmo Knudsrød (born 1 January 1982 in Revetal, Norway) is a Norwegian drummer living in Oslo.	Andreas Lønmo Knudsrød	Norway
country of citizenship	Sadahzinia (born Yolanda Tsiampokalou; Greek: Γιολάντα Τσιαμπόκαλου, in 1977) is a Greek rapper, regarded by many as the first woman to enter the hip-hop scene in Greece.	Sadahzinia	Greece
country of citizenship	Uno Prii grew up in Estonia, where his father was an architect and builder.	Uno Prii	Estonia
country of citizenship	Katalin Keserü (born October 4, 1946, Pécs, Hungary) is a Hungarian award-winning artist and professor emeritus (since 2013) at the department of Art History, Eötvös Loránd University.	Katalin Keserü	Hungary
country of citizenship	Colonel Maung Maung Kha BC 4066 (Burmese: မောင်မောင်ခ (màʊɴ màʊɴ kʰa̰); 7 June 1920 -- 30 April 1995) was the 8th Prime Minister of Myanmar between 1977 and 1988.	Maung Maung Kha	Myanmar
country of citizenship	Ümit Ergirdi (born 5 November 1981 in Berlin, Germany) is a former professional Turkish footballer who plays for Viktoria Berlin.	Ümit Ergirdi	Germany
country of citizenship	Arne Løchen was born in Vang (now Hamar), in Hedmark county, Norway.	Arne Løchen	Norway
country of citizenship	Gianni Bellocchi was born in Acquapendente and spent formative years in San Lorenzo Nuovo, in province of Viterbo (Italy), near Lago di Bolsena.	Gianni Bellocchi	Italy
country of citizenship	Norbert Zongo (July 1949 -- December 13, 1998) was the publisher and editor of the Burkina Faso newspaper l'Indépendant.	Norbert Zongo	Burkina Faso
country of citizenship	Anup Baral (Nepali: अनुप बराल) (born 1968) is actor, writer, director of Nepal.	Anup Baral	Nepal
country of citizenship	László Antal (Szob, Hungary, 25 June 1930 -- USA/Germany January 1993) was a Hungarian linguist, structuralist, Doctor of Science (1981), and Professor of Linguistics.	László Antal	Hungary
country of citizenship	Jobe Wheelhouse (born 14 April 1985 in Newcastle, New South Wales, Australia) is an Australian football (soccer) player who plays for Lambton Jaffas.	Jobe Wheelhouse	Australia
country of citizenship	Serge Mombouli has been the Republic of the Congo's ambassador to the United States since 2001.	Serge Mombouli	Republic of the Congo
country of citizenship	Stéphane Christophe Bridé (born 30 September 1971 in Dakar) is the current Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Economy of Moldova.	Stéphane Christophe Bridé	Moldova
country of citizenship	Aliya Yussupova (Kazakh: Әлия Мақсұтқызы Жүсіпова; born May 15, 1984) is an individual rhythmic gymnast who competed for Kazakhstan, coached by Irina Viner.	Aliya Yussupova	Kazakhstan
country of citizenship	Daudi Kabaka (1939-2001) was a singer born in Kenya.	Daudi Kabaka	Kenya
country of citizenship	Börje Jansson (born November 10, 1942) was a former Grand Prix motorcycle road racer from Sweden.	Börje Jansson	Sweden
country of citizenship	David A. Balfour (1889--1956) was a municipal politician in Toronto, Canada.	David A. Balfour	Canada
country of citizenship	Jan-Hein Arens (Vught, the Netherlands, born September 23, 1974) is a Dutch painter, sculptor and illustrator.	Jan-Hein Arens	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Kim Shin-young was born in Daegu, South Korea on January 30, 1984 and graduated from Yewon Arts University.	Kim Shin-young	South Korea
country of citizenship	Paul of Tammah lived as a hermit in the mountain of Ansena (currently in the El Minya governorate of Egypt).	Paul of Tammah	Egypt
country of citizenship	Ahmed Khairy (Arabic: أحمد خيري‎; born 1 October 1987) is an Egyptian footballer playing for El Mokawloon SC of Egypt.	Ahmed Khairy	Egypt
country of citizenship	Shikha Swaroop (born October 23, 1970) is an Indian actress, and a former Miss India winner.	Shikha Swaroop	India
country of citizenship	Patricio Rubina (born June 22, 1981 in La Serena, Chile) is a Chilean footballer as a Midfielder,that currently plays for Deportes La Serena, He previously played on Deportes Antofagasta of the Primera División in Chile.	Patricio Rubina	Chile
country of citizenship	Kamran Eshraghian (born 1945) is an electronic engineer notable for working on VLSI in Australia.	Kamran Eshraghian	Australia
country of citizenship	Sam Kasiano (born 21 September 1990) is a New Zealand professional rugby league footballer who currently plays for the Canterbury-Bankstown Bulldogs of the National Rugby League.	Sam Kasiano	New Zealand
country of citizenship	For the delight of the Estonian audience, however, Sandra Oxenryd had two well-known backing singers from Estonia on stage with her in Athens, Dagmar Oja and Jelena Juzvik whilst the rest of the group were from Sweden like Sandra herself.	Sandra Oxenryd	Sweden
country of citizenship	Tom Hugo (Hermansen) (born 1979 in Kristiansand, Norway) is a Norwegian singer, songwriter and musician.	Tom Hugo	Norway
country of citizenship	Myint Myint Aye (born 18 November 1977) is a retired athlete who represented Myanmar in the middle-distance events.	Myint Myint Aye	Myanmar
country of citizenship	Margareta Bergman (born Karin Ann Margareta Bergman; 22 August 1922 in Uppsala, Sweden -- 27 September 2006) was a Swedish novelist.	Margareta Bergman	Sweden
country of citizenship	Robert Bajic (born 29 July 1977 in Whyalla, South Australia), is an Australian footballer.	Robert Bajic	Australia
country of citizenship	Ton Caanen (born March 18, 1966 in Geleen, Netherlands) is a Dutch football manager.	Ton Caanen	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Mary Nótár (born July 2, 1985 in Hungary) is a singer of the Romani ethnic group of the country of her birth.	Mary Nótár	Hungary
country of citizenship	Patrick Laperle (born February 24, 1976 in Saint-Denis-sur-Richelieu, Quebec, Canada) is a Canadian racing driver.	Patrick Laperle	Canada
country of citizenship	Eduardo Egüez (born in Buenos Aires, Argentina in 1959) is a lutenist, theorbist, and guitarist acclaimed for his interpretations of music by J.S.Bach.	Eduardo Egüez	Argentina
country of citizenship	Britney Spears, who adored Sliimy, immediately offered him the first part of her tour The Circus Starring Britney Spears during her concerts in Paris-Bercy in France in July 2009.	Sliimy	France
country of citizenship	Klaus Wanger (February 24, 1941 - ) was Speaker of the Landtag of Liechtenstein (the national Parliament).	Klaus Wanger	Liechtenstein
country of citizenship	In 1632, Antoine Daniel and Father Ambroise Davost set sail for New France.	Antoine Daniel	France
country of citizenship	Kemal Faruki (27 August 1910 in Istanbul, Turkey -- 27 January 1988 in Cairo, Egypt) was a Turkish professional footballer.	Kemal Faruki	Turkey
country of citizenship	Émile Janvion died on 21 July 1927 in Paris and was buried the next day in the cemetery of Bagneux, Ile de France.	Émile Janvion	France
country of citizenship	Felice Bonetto (9 June 1903 in Manerbio, near Brescia, Italy -- 21 November 1953 in Silao, Mexico) was a courageous racing driver who earned the nickname Il Pirata (The Pirate).	Felice Bonetto	Italy
country of citizenship	Sevkaretsi Sako was born as Sarkis Tsovanyan in the Sevkar village of the Russian Empire, currently located at the northeastern part of Armenia.	Sevkaretsi Sako	Armenia
country of citizenship	Dušan Borković (born 16 September 1984 in Pančevo, Serbia) is a Serbian auto racing driver two time European champion 2012 European Hill Climb Championship and 2015 European Touring Car Cup.	Dušan Borković	Serbia
country of citizenship	Manuel Seoane (19 March 1902 - 21 August 1975), nicknamed La Chancha, was an Argentine football forward who played for Independiente and Argentina national team.	Manuel Seoane	Argentina
country of citizenship	Franck Emmanuel Issoze-Ngondet (born 2 April 1961) is a Gabonese diplomat and political figure who has served in the government of Gabon as Minister of Foreign Affairs since 2012.	Emmanuel Issoze-Ngondet	Gabon
country of citizenship	Wayne Jarrett (born 1956) is a reggae recording artist born in Kingston, Jamaica, and raised in Allman Town, Jamaica.	Wayne Jarrett	Jamaica
country of citizenship	Aníbal Villacís (b. 1927, Ambato, Ecuador - d. March 7, 2012) was a master painter from Ecuador who used raw earthen materials such as clay and natural pigments to paint on walls and doors throughout his city when he could not afford expensive artist materials.	Aníbal Villacís	Ecuador
country of citizenship	Mohamed Hubail (born 23 June 1981) is a Bahraini footballer who was sentenced to a two-year term of imprisonment by a special security court in Bahrain after taking part in pro-democratic reform protests in Bahrain in 2011.	Mohamed Hubail	Bahrain
country of citizenship	Blessed Pius of Saint Aloysius, born Luigi Campidelli, a religious and clerical student of the Passionist Congregation, born on April 29, 1868 in the village of Trebbio, Rimini, Italy; died November 2, 1889 at Casale, Italy.	Pius of Saint Aloysius	Italy
country of citizenship	Ellyas Pical (born 24 March 1960 in Ullath, Saparua) was the first world boxing champion from Indonesia, and was three times IBF Super flyweight champion (1985--1989).	Ellyas Pical	Indonesia
country of citizenship	Rosa Valiente (born June 26, 1996 in Lima, Peru) is a Peruvian volleyball player who plays for the Peru national team.	Rosa Valiente	Peru
country of citizenship	A. S. Gnanasambandan (Tamil: அ. ச. ஞானசம்பந்தன்; b. 10 November 1916 - d. 27 August 2002), was a Tamil writer, scholar and literary critic from Tamil Nadu, India.	A. S. Gnanasambandan	India
country of citizenship	Alexey Rubtsov, born 5 August 1988 in Moscow, Russia, is a professional rock climber.	Alexey Rubtsov	Russia
country of citizenship	Guillaume Barazzone (born January 13, 1982 in Geneva Switzerland), is a politician and member of the Swiss Christian Democratic Party (CDP).	Guillaume Barazzone	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Anton Mavretič, Slovene scientist, born on December 11, 1934 in Metlika, Slovenia.	Anton Mavretič	Slovenia
country of citizenship	Abe Jacobs (born 1938) is a retired New Zealand professional wrestler.	Abe Jacobs	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Kazem Hassibi (Persian: کاظم حسیبی ) (born Tehran, October 1906 -- died Tehran, October 28, 1990) was an Iranian academic, parliamentarian, National Front leader, and oil adviser to Prime Minister Mohammad Mosaddegh during Iran's oil nationalization movement.	Kazem Hassibi	Iran
country of citizenship	Csaba Kuttor (born August 19, 1975 in Miskolc, Borsod-Abaúj-Zemplén) is an athlete from Hungary.	Csaba Kuttor	Hungary
country of citizenship	It was Germany's highest military decoration at the time of its presentation to Joachim Schepke.	Joachim Schepke	Germany
country of citizenship	José Antonio Santamaría Mikel Vaqueriza (born 16 March 1946 in San Sebastián, Guipúzcoa, Spain; died 19 January 1993) was a Spanish footballer.	José Antonio Santamaría Mikel Vaqueriza	Spain
country of citizenship	Guillem de Cabestany (Catalan pronunciation: (ɡiˈʎɛm də kəβəsˈtaɲ); 1162--1212) was a Catalan troubadour from Cabestany in the County of Roussillon.	Guillem de Cabestany	County of Roussillon
country of citizenship	Peterjan van der Burgh (born October 19, 1964) is a director of photography from the Netherlands.	Peterjan van der Burgh	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Wout Zijlstra (born 4 August 1964, Wolsum) is a former strongman and Highland Games athlete from the Netherlands.	Wout Zijlstra	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Đặng Thị Ngọc Hân (born 11 March 1989 in Hanoi, Vietnam) is the winner of the 2010 Miss Vietnam.	Đặng Thị Ngọc Hân	Vietnam
country of citizenship	Peter Assmann (born 28 August 1963 in Austria) is an Austrian writer and visual artist.	Peter Assmann	Austria
country of citizenship	Tamati Ellison (born 1 April 1983 in Wellington, New Zealand) is a New Zealand rugby union footballer who plays for the Rebels in Super Rugby and Otago in the ITM Cup.	Tamati Ellison	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Víctor Córdoba (born March 15, 1962 in Punta Alegre, Darién, Panama) was a Panamanian boxer in the super middleweight division.	Víctor Córdoba	Panama
country of citizenship	Alain Robidoux (born July 25, 1960) is a Canadian snooker player; he played on the World Snooker tour from 1988 to 2005 and continues to play in events in Canada.	Alain Robidoux	Canada
country of citizenship	James Job Holland (1841 -- 31 August 1922) was a Liberal Party Member of Parliament in Auckland, New Zealand and the mayor of Auckland 1893-1896.	James Job Holland	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Simon Prast is a director and actor from Auckland, New Zealand.	Simon Prast	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Iancu Flondor (August 3, 1865, Storozhynets -- October 19, 1924) was an Austro-Hungarian-born ethnic Romanian activist who advocated Bukovina's unifion with the Kingdom of Romania.	Iancu Flondor	Romania
country of citizenship	Anita Lerche (Punjabi: ਅਨੀਤਾ ਲਿਆਕੇ) is a singer-songwriter, composer and actress from Denmark.	Anita Lerche	Denmark
country of citizenship	Muharem Bajrami (Macedonian: Мухарем Бајрами; born 29 November 1985 in Skopje, SFR Yugoslavia) is an Albanian footballer from the present-day Republic of Macedonia.	Muharem Bajrami	Macedonia
country of citizenship	Juan Campisteguy Oxcoby (September 7, 1859 -- September 4, 1937) was a Uruguayan soldier, lawyer, and President of Uruguay (1927--1931).	Juan Campisteguy	Uruguay
country of citizenship	Mayra Verónica was born in Havana, Cuba, where her father was a member of Cuba's big band, Los Dada.	Mayra Verónica	Cuba
country of citizenship	Akin Akinsehinde (born 14 April 1976) is a Nigeria footballer forward.	Akin Akinsehinde	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Colonel Ralph Humphreys Webb, DSO, MC (August 30, 1886 -- June 1, 1945) was a soldier and politician based in Manitoba, Canada.	Ralph Humphreys Webb	Canada
country of citizenship	Igino Giordani in the interview about De Gasperi released to Historia On 2 June 1946, he was elected to the constituent Assembly of Italy for the district of Rome, and in August succeeded Guido Gonella in the management of the magazine Il Populo (1946-1947).	Igino Giordani	Italy
country of citizenship	Derwent Raoul Garrard (6 October 1897 -- 14 June 1977) was a New Zealand cricketer who played first-class cricket for Auckland from 1918 to 1942 and represented New Zealand in the days before New Zealand played Test cricket.	Raoul Garrard	New Zealand
country of citizenship	David Porteous is a Canadian singer/songwriter, music producer, and documentary filmmaker from Toronto, Canada.	David Porteous	Canada
country of citizenship	Bhaurao Krishnaji Gaikwad(October 15, 1902 - December 29, 1971) known as Dadasaheb Gaikwad was a politician and social worker from Maharashtra, India.	Bhaurao Krishnaji Gaikwad	India
country of citizenship	Jean-Jacques Vierne (31 January 1921, in Courbevoie, France -- 18 June 2003) was a French film director.	Jean-Jacques Vierne	France
country of citizenship	Wilfried Klaus (born July 8, 1941 in Bernau am Chiemsee, Germany) is a German television actor.	Wilfried Klaus	Germany
country of citizenship	Sam Mahon is an artist and author living in Waikari in north Canterbury in the South Island of New Zealand.	Sam Mahon	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Nanna Lysholt Hansen is a performance artist, curator and teacher from Copenhagen, Denmark.	Nanna Lysholt Hansen	Denmark
country of citizenship	Sandra Alland grew up in Scarborough, a suburb of Toronto, Canada.	Sandra Alland	Canada
country of citizenship	Øystein Moen (born 16 August 1980 in Steinkjer, Norway) is a Norwegian jazz pianist and composer known for his participation in the bands Jaga Jazzist and Puma.	Øystein Moen	Norway
country of citizenship	Jacques Rosenbaum (full name: Jacques Gustav-Adolf Rosenbaum-Ehrenbush) (1 July 1878 in Haapsalu, Estonia -- 6 January 1944 in Berlin, Germany) was an Estonian architect of Baltic German descent.	Jacques Rosenbaum	Estonia
country of citizenship	Stedson Wiltshire, better known by the sobriquet of Red Plastic Bag, RPB, or merely Bag, is a calypsonian from Barbados.	Red Plastic Bag	Barbados
country of citizenship	William Tomyn (October 4, 1905 -- October 5, 1972) was a politician and teacher from Alberta, Canada.	William Tomyn	Canada
country of citizenship	Olivia Pascal (born Olivia Gerlitzki: May 26, 1957 in Munich, West Germany) is a German actress.	Olivia Pascal	Germany
country of citizenship	Musashiyama Takeshi (武藏山 武, December 5, 1909 -- March 15, 1969) was a sumo wrestler from Yokohama, Kanagawa Prefecture, Japan.	Musashiyama Takeshi	Japan
country of citizenship	Philip of Novara (c. 1200 -- c. 1270) was a medieval historian, warrior, musician, diplomat, poet, and lawyer born at Novara, Italy, into a noble house, who spent his entire adult life in the Middle East.	Philip of Novara	Italy
country of citizenship	Jerzy Konorski (December 1, 1903 in Łódź, Congress Poland -- November 14, 1973 in Warsaw, Poland) was a Polish neurophysiologist who further developed the work of Ivan Pavlov by discovering secondary conditioned reflexes and operant conditioning.	Jerzy Konorski	Poland
country of citizenship	Rory Sweetman (born 1956) is a professional New Zealand historian.	Rory Sweetman	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Bob Jungels (born 22 September 1992 in Rollingen / Mersch, Luxembourg) is a Luxembourgish road bicycle racer.	Bob Jungels	Luxembourg
country of citizenship	Ramil Gallego (pronounced gal-ye-go) (b. September 21, 1966 in Bacolod City, Philippines) is a Filipino professional pool player, nicknamed ``Bebeng''.	Ramil Gallego	Philippines
country of citizenship	Ahad Sheykhlari (Persian: احد شیخ‌لاری ‎, born 18 April 1960 in Tabriz, Iran) is a retired Iranian professional football player and manager.	Ahad Sheykhlari	Iran
country of citizenship	Margaret Thorn (née Anderson, 11 February 1897 -- 10 February 1969) was a notable New Zealand bookkeeper, political activist and welfare worker.	Margaret Thorn	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Marko Varalahti is a former strongman competitor from Finland who is best known for competing in the 1995 World's Strongest Man competition, finishing in 3rd place.	Marko Varalahti	Finland
country of citizenship	Toea Wisil (1 January 1988) is an athlete from Papua New Guinea who specializes in sprints.	Toea Wisil	Papua New Guinea
country of citizenship	Nicolas Economou (Greek: Νικόλας Οικονόμου; 11 August 1953 -- 29 December 1993) was a Cypriot composer and pianist born in Nicosia, Cyprus.	Nicolas Economou	Cyprus
country of citizenship	Tumasi Quissa (born in 1948) at a camp near Akulivik, Quebec, Canada is a singer-songwriter and a carver.	Tumasi Quissa	Canada
country of citizenship	Metropolitan Visarion Xhuvani (14 December 1890 -- 15 December 1965) was the primate of the Orthodox Autocephalous Church of Albania from 1929 to 1937.	Visarion Xhuvani	Albania
country of citizenship	Joan Faulkner-Blake (30 January 1921 -- 6 March 1990) was a professional New Zealand broadcaster in the mid to late twentieth century.	Joan Faulkner-Blake	New Zealand
country of citizenship	David Roblin (April 19, 1812--March 1, 1863) was a lumber merchant and political figure in Canada West.	David Roblin	Canada
country of citizenship	Geoffrey Chard AM (born 9 August 1930 in Sydney, New South Wales, Australia) is an Australian opera singer.	Geoffrey Chard	Australia
country of citizenship	Ben Ivory - Better Love (Alle Farben Remix) (bitclap!/Warner Music Germany) 2013:	Alle Farben	Germany
country of citizenship	Stavros Labrakis (Greek: Σταύρος Λαμπράκης; born 26 February 1970 in Heraklion, Greece) is a former Greek football player, and occasional manager.	Stavros Labrakis	Greece
country of citizenship	Dilli Raman Regmi (Nepali: डिल्लीरमण रेग्मी) (1913--2001) was a scholar, iconic political figure and historian of Nepal.	Dilli Raman Regmi	Nepal
country of citizenship	Major General Sir Alfred William Robin KCMG CB (12 August 1860 -- 2 June 1935) was a New Zealand military leader.	Alfred William Robin	New Zealand
country of citizenship	María del Socorro Patricia Acevedo Limón (born April 29, 1959 in Mexico), better known as Patricia Acevedo, is a Latin American voice actress.	Patricia Acevedo	Mexico
country of citizenship	Nicole David is a soca music artist from Saint Lucia.	Nicole David	Saint Lucia
country of citizenship	Gaël Fickou scored his first try for the France against the Auckland Blues on the summer 2013 tour to New Zealand According to Toulouse and France teammate, Maxime Médard, Fickou ``is one of the 10 best centres in the world and soon he will be number one.	Gaël Fickou	France
country of citizenship	Tasneem Noorani is a retired Pakistani bureaucrat who served as the Interior Secretary of Pakistan.	Tasneem Noorani	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Drew McConnell (born 10 November 1978 in Dublin, Ireland) is the bass guitarist and backing vocalist with Babyshambles, the band formed and fronted by frontman of the Libertines, Pete Doherty.	Drew McConnell	Ireland
country of citizenship	Cristian Ríos (born July 18, 1980 in Santa Fe, Argentina) is a footballer currently playing for Municipal Iquique of the Primera Division Chilena.	Cristian Ríos	Argentina
country of citizenship	Saulius Kleiza (born April 2, 1964 in Kaunas) is a retired shot putter and discus thrower from Lithuania, who competed for his native country at two consecutive Summer Olympics, starting in 1996.	Saulius Kleiza	Lithuania
country of citizenship	Rena Owen (born 22 July 1962) is a New Zealand actress in theatre, television and film.	Rena Owen	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Osama Omari (Arabic: أسامة أومري ‎) (born 10 January 1992 in Syria) is a Syrian footballer.	Osama Omari	Syria
country of citizenship	Claudia Ciardone (Spanish pronunciation: (ˈklauðja sjarˈðone); born on 1980 in Loma Hermosa, Argentina) is an Argentine model, theatre actress and vedette who started her career after being the first person to be eliminated in Big Brother season 4 in Argentina, she was married with Ricardo ``El comandante'' Fort.	Claudia Ciardone	Argentina
country of citizenship	Ville Sorvali (born 13 April 1980 in Helsinki, Finland) is a Finnish musician and music journalist.	Ville Sorvali	Finland
country of citizenship	Samuel Jackman Prescod (1806 -- 26 September 1871) became the first person of African descent to be elected to the Parliament of Barbados, in 1843.	Samuel Jackman Prescod	Barbados
country of citizenship	Te Aitu-o-te-rangi Jury (c. 1820--1854) was a New Zealand tribal founding mother, landowner and farmer.	Te Aitu-o-te-rangi Jury	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Levente Pápa (born 1975 May 9. in Tata, Hungary) is a Hungarian economist and politician, member and Chief Economist of Together party, board member since July 2014.	Levente Pápa	Hungary
country of citizenship	Badr Al-Sulaitin (born 16 July 1990) is a Saudi Arabian footballer who currently plays as a Midfielder for Al-Shabab and Saudi Arabia national football team.	Badr Al-Sulaitin	Saudi Arabia
country of citizenship	Gert Bongers (born 22 August 1948) is a retired cyclist from the Netherlands.	Gert Bongers	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Princess Rishi (1197--1251) was an Empress of Japan.	Princess Rishi	Japan
country of citizenship	Brian Gavin (born 14 November 1957) is a fifth-generation diamond cutter from South Africa.	Brian Gavin	South Africa
country of citizenship	DJ Okawari is an independent Japanese DJ music producer born and based in Shizuoka, Japan.	DJ Okawari	Japan
country of citizenship	Robin Korving (born 29 July 1974 in Heerhugowaard, North Holland) is a former hurdler from the Netherlands, best known for winning the bronze medal at the 1998 European Championships in Budapest, Hungary.	Robin Korving	Netherlands
country of citizenship	After his birth in Port Vila, capital of the Republic of Vanuatu, planted in the heart of the Paciﬁc near to Fiji, Jocelino Suta grew up in Wallis-etFutuna, a French archipeligo, from where his parents originated, and then in New Caledonia where he was educated from the age of 10 years.	Jocelino Suta	Vanuatu
country of citizenship	Elenitza Canavati Hadjopulos (born December 20, 1972 in Monterrey, Nuevo León, Mexico) is a Mexican politician and graduate in International Relations.	Elenitza Canavati	Mexico
country of citizenship	With 48 goals in 71 official appearances for Brazil, Zico is the fourth highest goalscorer for his national team.	Zico	Brazil
country of citizenship	Kongkiat Khomsiri (Thai: ก้องเกียรติ โขมศิริ, born June 2, 1975, in Thailand) is a Thai film director and screenwriter.	Kongkiat Khomsiri	Thailand
country of citizenship	Joel Kanning (born June 25, 1973 in Milk River, Alberta Canada) is an independent musician, composer and producer.	Joel Kanning	Canada
country of citizenship	Charles Scerri (born 29 May 1964 in Malta) is a former professional footballer and current manager of the Malta Under 17 side, during his career, Scerri played for Floriana, Rabat Ajax, Sliema Wanderers, Hibernians, Hamrun Spartans, Qormi and St. Andrews.	Charles Scerri	Malta
country of citizenship	Mohinder Singh Pujji was born in Simla, British India, on 14 August 1918, the fourth son of Sardar Sohan Singh Pujji and his wife, Sant Kaur.	Mohinder Singh Pujji	India
country of citizenship	Hikule'o Malu (Eko Malu) is a New Zealand rugby league player who represented the Cook Islands national rugby league team in the 2013 World Cup.	Hikule'o Malu	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Efrén Núñez Mata (El Barrio, Juchitán de Zaragoza, Oaxaca, 9 July 1890 -- Mexico City 17 August 1974) was a Mexican medical doctor, teacher, poet, writer and academic.	Efrén Núñez Mata	Mexico
country of citizenship	Mary Jean Reimer (born 22 May 1964), also known as Yung Jing-Jing, is a Hong Kong solicitor and actress.	Mary Jean Reimer	Hong Kong
country of citizenship	Gul Panag (born Gulkirat Kaur Panag, 3 January 1979 ; Chandigarh, India) is an Indian actress, voice actress, model, and former beauty queen who competed in the Miss Universe pageant.	Gul Panag	India
country of citizenship	José Mancisidor Ortiz was born on April 20, 1894, in Veracruz, Veracruz, Mexico, the fifth of eleven children to Jorge Tomás Mancisidor Oyarzábal (1860--1921) and Catalina Ortiz Alpuche:	José Mancisidor	Mexico
country of citizenship	Ádám Ficsor (born 17 June 1980) is a Hungarian politician, who served as Minister of Civilian Intelligence Services of Hungary in 2009.	Ádám Ficsor	Hungary
country of citizenship	Craig Busch (born 18 December 1964) nicknamed ``The Lion Man'', is a New Zealand television personality.	Craig Busch	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Túpac Huallpa and his people may not have understood that the Spaniards were using him to take control of Peru and steal the gold treasures of his country.	Túpac Huallpa	Peru
country of citizenship	Salah Soliman (Arabic: صلاح سليمان‎) (born 20 January 1990 in Mit Ghamr, Dakahlia, Egypt) is an Egyptian footballer.	Salah Soliman	Egypt
country of citizenship	Johannes Alfred Hultman (1861--1942) was a Swedish evangelist, singer, musician, composer and publisher, who spread the Good News in the United States and Sweden for over half a century.	Johannes Alfred Hultman	Sweden
country of citizenship	Paul Schnabel (born July 17, 1948 in Bergen op Zoom) is a Dutch sociologist and as of 2006 the director of an agency of the Dutch government called Sociaal en Cultureel Planbureau (Netherlands Institute for Social Research), usually abbreviated as SCP (or SCPB).	Paul Schnabel	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Fidel Alejandro Castro Ruz ( ; born August 13, 1926), commonly known as Fidel Castro, is a Cuban politician and revolutionary who governed the Republic of Cuba as its Prime Minister from 1959 to 1976 and then its President from 1976 to 2008.	Fidel Castro	Cuba
country of citizenship	He is the father of Ismail El Shafei and grandfather of Adli El Shafei II. Played 32 matches for Egypt in Davis cup	Adli El Shafei	Egypt
country of citizenship	Pascale Nadeau (born April 2, 1960) is a Canadian news presenter for Télévision de Radio-Canada from Quebec.	Pascale Nadeau	Canada
country of citizenship	Sulyman Age Abdulkareem is a professor of chemical engineering and former vice chancellor of Al-Hikmah University in Ilorin, Nigeria.	Sulyman Age Abdulkareem	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Ahti Vilppula (born 1959) is a Finnish business man born in Finland.	Ahti Vilppula	Finland
country of citizenship	Bahram Hooshyar (Persian: بهرام هوشیار‎) (1938--1991) was a commander of the Islamic Republic of Iran Air Force (IRIAF) and an important strategist in the Iran--	Bahram Hooshyar	Iran
country of citizenship	Masterok (also spelled ``Masterock'') is a children's music band from Dnipropetrovsk, Ukraine.	Masterok	Ukraine
country of citizenship	Ien Lucas (born Echt, the Netherlands, 1955), is a Dutch visual artist.	Ien Lucas	Netherlands
country of citizenship	José Luis Tejada Sorzano (January 12, 1882 -- October 4, 1938) was a Bolivian lawyer and politician appointed by the military as president of Bolivia during the Chaco War.	José Luis Tejada Sorzano	Bolivia
country of citizenship	Bert Sas (1 August 1892 -- 20 October 1948) was the Netherlands military attaché in Berlin at the time of the German invasion of the Netherlands in May 1940.	Bert Sas	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Jade Louise (born 15 June 1983) is an Australian-New Zealand singer who is best known for her hit single ``Vibrations'' (featuring Savage) which was the opening theme of the television series The GC and reached number seven on the New Zealand Singles Chart in 2012.	Jade Louise	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Albin Nyamoya (27 July 1924--31 January 2001) was Prime Minister of Burundi from 6 April 1964 to 7 January 1965 and again from 15 July 1972 to 5 June 1973.	Albin Nyamoya	Burundi
country of citizenship	Lerato Chabangu (born 15 August 1985 in Tembisa, Gauteng) is a South African football (soccer) striker and midfielder for Premier Soccer League club Chippa United and South Africa.	Lerato Chabangu	South Africa
country of citizenship	Jodie Rimmer (born 1974) is a New Zealand voice and performer actress best known for starring on Young Hercules,.	Jodie Rimmer	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Mehdi Aidet (born 3 November 1953) represented Algeria in the 800 m and the 1500 m at the 1980 Summer Olympic Games he qualified for the next round in both events before being eliminated, he then went on to compete in the 1500 m at the 1984 Summer Olympic Games.	Mehdi Aidet	Algeria
country of citizenship	Éva Ráduly-Zörgő (Éva Ileana Ráduly-Zörgő; born October 23, 1954 in Cluj) is a former javelin thrower from Romania, who set her personal best in 1980, throwing 68.80 metres.	Éva Ráduly-Zörgő	Romania
country of citizenship	Joaquim José Inácio, Viscount of Inhaúma (1 August 1808 -- 8 March 1869) was a naval officer, politician and monarchist of the Empire of Brazil.	Joaquim José Inácio, Viscount of Inhaúma	Brazil
country of citizenship	Erika Lehmann (1917--?) was a spy for Nazi Germany during World War II. By most accounts, she was born in Oberschopfheim, Germany.	Erika Lehmann	Germany
country of citizenship	Claire Kersten (born 9 July 1989) is a New Zealand netball player who plays in the ANZ Championship, playing for the Central Pulse.	Claire Kersten	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Rosiah Chik or Rosiah Abdul Manaf (1931-2006) was Malay traditional singer particularly of asli and ghazal songs, made famous in the 1960s-1970s in Malaysia.	Rosiah Chik	Malaysia
country of citizenship	Orlando Mitchum (born May 19, 1987) is a Kittitan footballer currently plays for Antigua Barracuda FC in the USL Professional Division, and for the Saint Kitts and Nevis national team.	Orlando Mitchum	Saint Kitts and Nevis
country of citizenship	Jelena Vuković (born 1975) is a paralympic athlete from Croatia competing mainly in category F42 shot putt and discus events.	Jelena Vuković	Croatia
country of citizenship	Tatiana Poutchek (Belarusian: Таццяна Мікалаеўна Пучак; Russian: Татьяна Николаевна Пучек; born 9 January 1979) is a tennis player from Belarus.	Tatiana Poutchek	Belarus
country of citizenship	Jonas Öberg (born 22 November 1977 in Sweden) is a free and open source software activist, describing himself as an instigator in the world of free, having worked with the Free Software Foundation Europe, GNU Project, FSCONS, Creative Commons and the Shuttleworth Foundation.	Jonas Öberg	Sweden
country of citizenship	Niels Duinker (born 9 August 1985 in Rotterdam) is a professional comedy juggler from the Netherlands.	Niels Duinker	Netherlands
country of citizenship	John Alexander Macdonald Armstrong (November 19, 1877 in King Township, Ontario, Canada -- February 2, 1926) was a Canadian politician, conveyancer and real estate agent.	John Alexander Macdonald Armstrong	Canada
country of citizenship	Jethro Mohlala, commonly known as Lovers Mohlala, (born 26 April 1975) is a South African former footballer who played professionally as a left-fullback in Greece and South Africa.	Lovers Mohlala	South Africa
country of citizenship	Dave Whitlock (born July 2, 1966 in Wyoming, Ontario, Canada) is a former Canadian race car driver in the NASCAR Canadian Tire Series.	Dave Whitlock	Canada
country of citizenship	As of 2012 J. Kanakaraj was a member of the Tamil Nadu branch of Transparency International India.	J. Kanakaraj	India
country of citizenship	According to the Comité Olímpico de Chile, Luis Subercaseaux Errázuriz competed at the age of 15 in the 100, 400 and 800 metres although many Olympic historians dispute this claim and maintain that, although he was entered in these events, he did not take part in any race.	Luis Subercaseaux	Chile
country of citizenship	The stories are set in what Guareschi refers to as the ``small world'' of rural Italy after World War II. Most of the Don Camillo stories came out in the weekly magazine Candido, founded by Guareschi with Giovanni Mosca.	Don Camillo	Italy
country of citizenship	Hendrik Floris Cohen (born Haarlem, Netherlands July 1, 1946) is a historian of science.	Floris Cohen	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Daniela Rocca (12 September 1937 in Acireale, Italy -- 28 May 1995 in Milo, Italy) was an Italian model and actress.	Daniela Rocca	Italy
country of citizenship	However, Luiz Adriano did not have Ukrainian passport when he was representing Brazil youth team, which made him ineligible to countries other than Brazil (or his ancestral countries).	Luiz Adriano	Brazil
country of citizenship	Anne Marie DeCicco-Best (born April 1964) was the 60th and longest-serving mayor of London, Ontario, Canada.	Anne Marie DeCicco-Best	Canada
country of citizenship	Fabienne Serrat (born July 5, 1956, in Le Bourg-d'Oisans, France) is a former world champion alpine ski racer.	Fabienne Serrat	France
country of citizenship	Maziar Miri graduated in editing, and started his career with making documentaries about Iran.	Maziar Miri	Iran
country of citizenship	Princess Tokushi(篤子内親王) (1060--1114) was a princess and an Empress consort of Japan.	Princess Tokushi	Japan
country of citizenship	Vincenzo Laera (born 1966, Milan, Italy), is an Italian photographer	Vincenzo Laera	Italy
country of citizenship	Based in Israel, Asher Swissa, has been producing psytrance since 1998.	Asher Swissa	Israel
country of citizenship	Albert Viljam Hagelin (24 April 1881 -- 25 May 1946) was a Norwegian businessman and opera singer who became the Minister of Domestic Affairs in the Quisling regime, the puppet government headed by Vidkun Quisling during Germany's World War II occupation of Norway.	Albert Viljam Hagelin	Norway
country of citizenship	Richard Duncan Fraser (ca. 1784 -- April 1, 1857) was a fur trader, businessman, farmer and political figure in Upper Canada.	Richard Duncan Fraser	Canada
country of citizenship	Martin Blanes (born 1980 in Ourense, Spain) is a Galician guitarist, ethnomusicologist and composer.	Martin Blanes	Spain
country of citizenship	Ben Burrell (born 7 May 1987) is a radio presenter from the United Kingdom, currently presenting regional drive time on Free Radio Coventry & Warwickshire (Weekdays 4-7pm) and a number of shows on Gem 106.	Ben Burrell	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	Karl Martin Axén (born 1 April 1973 in Uråsa, Sweden) is a guitarist in the Glam-rock band The Ark. Axén lived with his family in Kenya from the age of four to seven.	Martin Axén	Sweden
country of citizenship	Momčilo Krajišnik (Serbian Cyrillic: Момчило Крајишник; born 20 January 1945, Zabrđe, Bosnia and Herzegovina) is a former Bosnian Serb leader convicted of persecution, deportation, and forced population transfer during the 1992--95 Bosnian War.	Momčilo Krajišnik	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country of citizenship	Mahamed Habib N'Diaye (born 17 January 1986 in Miakaramandougou) is a football player from Mali who plays central defender.	Mahamed Habib N'Diaye	Mali
country of citizenship	Anat Cohen is a New York City-based jazz clarinetist, saxophonist, and bandleader originally from Tel Aviv, Israel.	Anat Cohen	Israel
country of citizenship	Jun Kondo (近藤 淳 Kondō Jun, born on February 6, 1930) is a theoretical physicist in Japan.	Jun Kondo	Japan
country of citizenship	Alonso Ancira (born 1956 in Mexico City) is a Mexican businessman who is the controlling shareholder and Chairman of the Board of Altos Hornos de Mexico (``AHMSA'').	Alonso Ancira	Mexico
country of citizenship	Lê Huỳnh Đức (born April 20, 1972 in Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam) is a Vietnamese football manager and former footballer currently coaching SHB Đà Nẵng of the V-League.	Lê Huỳnh Đức	Vietnam
country of citizenship	Karolos Trikolidis (German: Karl Kaspar Trikolidis, Greek: Κάρολος Τρικολίδης) is a conductor of Greek-Austrian origin, born on July 24, 1947 in Bad Aussee, Austria.	Karolos Trikolidis	Austria
country of citizenship	Deborah Joy Corey (born 1958 in Temperance Vale, New Brunswick) is a Canadian writer whose first novel, Losing Eddie won the 1994 Books in Canada First Novel Award.	Deborah Joy Corey	Canada
country of citizenship	Jacques or Jácome Ratton (Monestier de Briançon, Hautes-Alpes, 7 July 1736 -- Paris, 3 July 1820) was a Franco-Portuguese businessman, who was a leading figure in the mainly foreign group of industrialists in 18th century Portugal.	Jácome Ratton	Portugal
country of citizenship	Don José Manterola Beldarrain (1849--1884), born in San Sebastián, Gipuzkoa, Spain, was a Basque writer who founded one of the most influential movements for cultivating the Basque language.	José Manterola	Spain
country of citizenship	Shri O. T. Lepcha a politician from Sikkim Democratic Front party is a Member of the Parliament of India representing Sikkim in the Rajya Sabha, the upper house of the Parliament.	O. T. Lepcha	India
country of citizenship	P. Kesava Pillai (20 July 1904 -- 1 July 1983), better known by his pen-name P. Kesavadev, was a novelist and social reformer of Kerala state, South India.	P. Kesavadev	India
country of citizenship	Hugo Homer Ross (1847 -- July 11, 1913) was an educator, merchant and political figure in Ontario, Canada.	Hugo Homer Ross	Canada
country of citizenship	Louis Roméo Beaudry (February 25, 1882 -- May 6, 1932) was a French Canadian author, composer, pianist and record producer, who established Éditions Radio and served as the director general of the Starr Records company of Canada as a music producer.	Roméo Beaudry	Canada
country of citizenship	Geir Bjørklund (born April 20, 1969 in Mo i Rana, Norway) is an independent researcher, medical/health science writer, freelance journalist, editor, and advisor to international scientific journals.	Geir Bjørklund	Norway
country of citizenship	Mariam Hakobyan (Armenian: Մարիամ Հակոբյան; born 1949 in Yerevan, Armenia) is an Armenian sculptor based in Yerevan, Armenia.	Mariam Hakobyan	Armenia
country of citizenship	Hideki Matsutake (born August 12, 1951 in Yokohama, Kanagawa Prefecture, Japan) is a Japanese composer, arranger, and computer programmer.	Hideki Matsutake	Japan
country of citizenship	Arminio Fraga (born 20 July 1957, in Rio de Janeiro) is a Brazilian economist who was president of the Central Bank of Brazil from 1999 to 2002.	Arminio Fraga	Brazil
country of citizenship	Luc Sante (born 25 May 1954, Verviers, Belgium) is a writer and critic.	Luc Sante	Belgium
country of citizenship	Marc Vallot (4 May 1962 -- 26 February 2001) was one of several highly talented Belgian -78 kg judoka from Belgium during the 1980s and early 1990s.	Marc Vallot	Belgium
country of citizenship	Nasir P. Ramlee was the son of Malaysia's Silver-Screen Legend P. Ramlee.	Nasir P. Ramlee	Malaysia
country of citizenship	Arnoldo Rueda Medina (born 15 December 1969) is a former Mexican drug lord and high-ranking leader of La Familia Michoacana, a drug trafficking organization which is based in Michoacán, Mexico.	Arnoldo Rueda Medina	Mexico
country of citizenship	John Ruganda (30 May 1941 to 8 December 2007) was Uganda's best known playwright.	John Ruganda	Uganda
country of citizenship	Pascal Barré (born 12 April 1959 in Houilles, Yvelines) is a former track and field athlete from France who competed mainly in the 100/200 metres.	Pascal Barré	France
country of citizenship	Pravrajika Bhaktiprana, a Hindu sannyasini, is the fourth president of the Sri Sarada Math and Ramakrishna Sarada Mission, Dakshineswar, in Kolkata, India.	Pravrajika Bhaktiprana	India
country of citizenship	In 2002 Olga Kabo joined the Mossovet Theatre troupe; that year she was honoured with the Meritorious Artist of Russia title.	Olga Kabo	Russia
country of citizenship	Kevin Proctor (born 28 February 1989 in Te Kuiti, New Zealand) is a professional rugby league footballer who currently plays for the Melbourne Storm of the National Rugby League.	Kevin Proctor	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Dean Collis (born 21 October 1985 in Campbelltown, New South Wales, Australia) is an Australian professional rugby league player who is currently without a club.	Dean Collis	Australia
country of citizenship	María de Salinas, Baroness Willoughby de Eresby (ca. 1490 -- 1539) was a noblewoman from Spain.	María de Salinas	Spain
country of citizenship	Mathias Lauridsen (born January 13, 1984) is a Danish model from Denmark.	Mathias Lauridsen	Denmark
country of citizenship	Roman Golanowski (born 14 January 1969) is a retired long jumper from Poland.	Roman Golanowski	Poland
country of citizenship	Prince August Leopold of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha (December 6, 1867 -- October 11, 1922), known in Brazil as Dom Augusto Leopoldo, was a prince of the house of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha and a Prince of the Empire of Brazil.	Prince August Leopold of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha	Brazil
country of citizenship	Tupac Mantilla is a Grammy-nominated Percussionist from Bogotá, Colombia (born October 21, 1978 -- Age 36).	Tupac Mantilla	Colombia
country of citizenship	Ludovic Bruni (born 1976 in Hyères, France) is a French guitarist, bassist and music producer.	Ludovic Bruni	France
country of citizenship	Rogelio Montemayor Seguy (born August 18, 1947 Mexico City) is a Mexican politician and economist who served as the Governor of Coahuila from December 1, 1993, to November 30, 1999.	Rogelio Montemayor Seguy	Mexico
country of citizenship	Lala Yusifova (Azerbaijani: Lalə Yusifova, born October 16, 1996 in Baku, Azerbaijan) is a retired Azerbaijani rhythmic gymnast.	Lala Yusifova	Azerbaijan
country of citizenship	Carl Adolph Dahl was born at Aave in Rekefjord at Sokndal, in Rogaland, Norway.	Carl Adolph Dahl	Norway
country of citizenship	Theodora Cormontan (9 June 1840 -- 26 October 1922) was a Norwegian American pianist, music publisher and composer, one of the first Norwegian women to have her classical compositions published and widely performed, and the first woman to start a music publishing business in Norway.	Theodora Cormontan	Norway
country of citizenship	Mona Grudt Bittrick (born 6 April 1971 in Hell, Stjørdal, Norway) is a Norwegian TV Host, dancer, editor and beauty queen who was crowned Miss Universe 1990.	Mona Grudt	Norway
country of citizenship	Arati Vaidya (Hindi: आरती वैद्य; b. 2 July 1970 in Pune, India) is a former Test and One Day International cricketer who represented India.	Arati Vaidya	India
country of citizenship	Cornelia Polit (born 18 February 1963) is a former swimmer from East Germany.	Cornelia Polit	East Germany
country of citizenship	Ange-Félix Patassé (January 25, 1937 -- April 5, 2011) was a Central African politician who was President of the Central African Republic from 1993 until 2003, when he was deposed by the rebel leader François Bozizé.	Ange-Félix Patassé	Central African Republic
country of citizenship	Jørgen Ingmann (26 April 1925 -- 21 March 2015) was a jazz and pop guitarist from Copenhagen, Denmark.	Jørgen Ingmann	Denmark
country of citizenship	Edmund Ser (Chinese: 史振华; pinyin: Shǐ Zhèn Huá) (born Ser Chen Huah, 11 November 1955) is a Malaysian fashion designer and businessman based in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.	Edmund Ser	Malaysia
country of citizenship	Alfred Redl (March 14, 1864 -- May 25, 1913) was an Austrian officer who rose to head the counter-intelligence efforts of Austria-Hungary.	Alfred Redl	Austria
country of citizenship	Elia Karina Rivero Molnar (born in Valera, Venezuela on October 20, 1985) is a Venezuelan model and beauty pageant contestant.	Karina Rivero	Venezuela
country of citizenship	Vilhelm Uchermann (23 November 1852 -- 24 February 1929) was a Norwegian physician, and the first otorhinolaryngologist in Norway.	Vilhelm Uchermann	Norway
country of citizenship	Altan Khan also founded the city of Köke Khota (Hohhot, meaning ``The Blue City''), now the capital of the Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region of the People's Republic of China.	Altan Khan	Mongolia
country of citizenship	Erika Yamasaki (born 2 September 1987, Darwin, Australia) is an Australian weightlifter.	Erika Yamasaki	Australia
country of citizenship	Veli Küçük (born 9 May 1944, Türkmen, Gölpazarı, Bilecik, Turkey) is a retired Turkish brigadier-general.	Veli Küçük	Turkey
country of citizenship	Caroline Jackson (born 5 November 1946 in Penzance, Cornwall) is a politician in the United Kingdom.	Caroline Jackson	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	Lindel Frater (born 13 November 1977 in Trelawny, Jamaica) is a former sprinter who specialised in the 60 metres and 100 metres events.	Lindel Frater	Jamaica
country of citizenship	Mao Hengfeng (simplified Chinese: 毛恒凤; Traditional Chinese: 毛恆風; pinyin: Máo Héngfēng; born 9 December 1961) is a women's rights and human rights activist in the People's Republic of China.	Mao Hengfeng	People's Republic of China
country of citizenship	Yogendra Makwana (born 1933) is an Indian politician and a former union minister of India.	Yogendra Makwana	India
country of citizenship	Abukar Hassan Mohamoud, also known as Kadaf, (1969? -- 28 February 2012) was a Somali activist and the manager/director for the independent Somaliweyn Radio in Mogadishu, Somalia.	Abukar Hassan Mohamoud	Somalia
country of citizenship	Janneke Vos (born 20 March 1977) was a Dutch professional racing cyclist from Kockengen, Netherlands.	Janneke Vos	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Georgie Davis (artist name of Kees Rietveld, born 1969, The Hague, Netherlands) is a Dutch singer, who was one of the first participants of the Soundmixshow in 1985.	Georgie Davis	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Vakhtang Murvanidze (Georgian: ვახტანგ მურვანიძე; born October 13, 1979 in Tbilisi, Georgia) is a Georgian figure skater.	Vakhtang Murvanidze	Georgia
country of citizenship	Samuel Johnathan Lane (1830 -- January 28, 1891) was an English-born barrister and political figure in Ontario, Canada.	Samuel Johnathan Lane	Canada
country of citizenship	Hafizuddin Ahmed is a retired Bangladesh Army major and a former member of the Bangladesh parliament.	Hafizuddin Ahmed	Bangladesh
country of citizenship	Derartu Tulu (Amharic: ደራርቱ ቱሉ; born March 21, 1972 in Bekoji, Ethiopia) is an Ethiopian long-distance runner, who competed in track, cross country running, and road running up to the marathon distance.	Derartu Tulu	Ethiopia
country of citizenship	Niall Buggy (born October 3, 1948) is an Irish actor who has worked extensively on the stage and screen in Ireland, the UK and the US.	Niall Buggy	Ireland
country of citizenship	Grzegorz Polkowski (born in Warsaw on 31 October 1983) is a Paralympic swimmer of Poland.	Grzegorz Polkowski	Poland
country of citizenship	Born in 1863 in Nuremberg, Germany, Siegfried Bettmann moved to England in 1885, and settled in Coventry.	Siegfried Bettmann	Germany
country of citizenship	Marco Zanetti (born 10 April 1962) is an Italian professional three-cushion billiards player and a two-time world champion from Bolzano, Italy.	Marco Zanetti	Italy
country of citizenship	Luc Larivée (January 17, 1927 -- July 30, 2007) was a physician and politician in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.	Luc Larivée	Canada
country of citizenship	Nasrat Sharqi (Persian: نصرت شرقي‎) is a singer from Afghanistan.	Nasrat Sharqi	Afghanistan
country of citizenship	Jadallah Azzuz at-Talhi (Arabic: جاد الله عزوز الطلحي‎) is a Libyan diplomat and politician who served as prime minister of Libya for two terms.	Jadallah Azzuz at-Talhi	Libya
country of citizenship	Ezequiel Rodríguez (Born April 11, 1977, Buenos Aires, Argentina), is an Argentine actor.	Ezequiel Rodríguez	Argentina
country of citizenship	Graciela Dixon is a former Chief Justice of the Corte Suprema de Justicia de Panamá (Supreme Court of Panama).	Graciela Dixon	Panama
country of citizenship	Gundars Daudze (born May 9, 1965, Riga) is a Latvian physician and politician, Speaker of the 9th Saeima (parliament) of Latvia (2007-2010).	Gundars Daudze	Latvia
country of citizenship	Timothy Grucza (born 1 July 1976, Melbourne, Australia) is a cameraman and documentary film maker.	Timothy Grucza	Australia
country of citizenship	Aaron James Sorensen (born Peace River, Alberta, Canada) is a musician, writer, producer, and film director.	Aaron James Sorensen	Canada
country of citizenship	Ankeet Chavan (born 28 October 1985 in Bombay, Maharashtra, India) is a former cricketer who played for Mumbai in Indian domestic cricket.	Ankeet Chavan	India
country of citizenship	Gavin Wilkinson (born 5 November 1973) is a former New Zealand footballer and current technical director of Portland Timbers.	Gavin Wilkinson	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Fujiwara no Junshi (957--1017) was an Empress consort of Japan.	Fujiwara no Junshi	Japan
country of citizenship	Jan Molander died on 30 June 2009, at the age of 89, and a tribute to him by Rutger Barnekow and Mats Qviberg was published in the 3 July 2009 edition of Sweden's largest-circulation morning newspaper, Dagens Nyheter.	Jan Molander	Sweden
country of citizenship	DJCXL is a New Zealand hip hop DJ, producer and member of the band Ill Semantics.	DJCXL	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Miha Pirih (born March 10, 1978 in Jesenice) is a Slovenian rower who represented Slovenia at three consecutive Summer Olympics, starting in 2000.	Miha Pirih	Slovenia
country of citizenship	Ivo Müller, (born 6 December 1977) is a Brazilian actor, known for his role in the European co-production Tabu, for which he was the only actor in the main cast to be from Brazil.	Ivo Müller	Brazil
country of citizenship	Prokofy Dzhaparidze was born in Schardometi village of Racha, Kutaisi Governorate in the Russian Empire (present-day Racha-Lechkhumi and Kvemo Svaneti, Republic of Georgia) to a Georgian family of landowners.	Prokofy Dzhaparidze	Georgia
country of citizenship	Guillaume Florent (born October 13, 1973 in Dunkirk, France) is a French sailor and Olympic athlete who won a bronze medal at the 2008 Summer Olympics.	Guillaume Florent	France
country of citizenship	Mohammad Reza Adelkhani (Persian: محمدرضا عادلخانی‎) (born February 13, 1947 in Tehran, Iran) is a retired Iranian footballer and former Iran national football team player.	Mohammad Reza Adelkhani	Iran
country of citizenship	Raisa Nedashkovskaya (Ukrainian: Раїса Недашківська Rayisa Nedashkivska, Russian: Раиса Недашковская; 17 February 1943, Malyn, Zhytomyr Oblast, Ukraine) is a Ukrainian and Soviet-era theater and cinema actress.	Raisa Nedashkovskaya	Ukraine
country of citizenship	Jean Borella (born in Nancy, France, 1930) is a Christian philosopher and theologian.	Jean Borella	France
country of citizenship	Béatrice Schönberg (née Béatrice Szabo; 9 May 1953) is a French TV journalist on France 2 for the 8 pm weekend news.	Béatrice Schönberg	France
country of citizenship	Srećko Pejović (Serbian Cyrillic: Срећко Пејовић; born 5 July 1953), is a Serbian sport shooter who competed for Yugoslavia at the 1976, 1980 and 1988 Olympic Games.	Srećko Pejović	Yugoslavia
country of citizenship	Mahmud Yayale Ahmed, CFR (born April 15, 1952) is a Nigerian politician from Azare, Bauchi State, and was Defence Minister of Nigeria.	Yayale Ahmed	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Abdul Rauf al-Kasm (Arabic: عبد الرؤوف الكسم‎) (born 1932) is a Syrian architect, academic and politician who served as prime minister of Syria during the 1980s.	Abdul Rauf al-Kasm	Syria
country of citizenship	Flávia Nadalutti (born March 18, 1961 in Rio de Janeiro) is a former international butterfly and medley swimmer from Brazil, who participated in a Summer Olympics for her native country.	Flávia Nadalutti	Brazil
country of citizenship	Osymyso (real name Mark Nicholson) is a musician and DJ from the United Kingdom who specialises in the genres of mashup / bastard pop and breakbeat.	Osymyso	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	Preeti Mankotia was an Indian model and winner of Miss India in 1995.	Preeti Mankotia	India
country of citizenship	Elie Rous, or Ely Rous (10 September 1909 -- ?) was an English, football manager, active primarily in France.	Elie Rous	France
country of citizenship	Amanda Harrison is an Australian actress and singer, known for her roles in Wicked (Elphaba) We Will Rock You (Meat u/s -UK, and Oz- Australia) and for originating the role of Paula Pokrifki in the world premiere of An Officer and A Gentleman.	Amanda Harrison	Australia
country of citizenship	Suranga Adikari (born 22 September 1979) hails from Kurunegala, Sri Lanka.	Suranga Adikari	Sri Lanka
country of citizenship	Berhane Gebre-Christos was born in Mekelle, a city in Enderta county, part of Tigray province of Ethiopia on 6 March 1953, he was the Ethiopian Minister of Foreign Affairs from 2010 to 2012.	Berhane Gebre-Christos	Ethiopia
country of citizenship	Cayo Sila Godoy (4 December 1919 -- 2 September 2014), was an accomplished classical guitarist from Paraguay.	Cayo Sila Godoy	Paraguay
country of citizenship	Matěj Vydra (Czech pronunciation: (ˈmacɛj ˈvɪdra), born 1 May 1992) is a Czech professional footballer who plays as a striker for English club Reading on loan from Watford and the Czech Republic national team.	Matěj Vydra	Czech Republic
country of citizenship	Holger Voss is a German Internet user who was sued in January 2003 for a sarcastic comment pertaining to the September 11, 2001 attacks in an Internet discussion forum, a case that attracted nationwide attention in Germany.	Holger Voss	Germany
country of citizenship	Santiago Gómez Cora (born July 25, 1978) is a former rugby union sevens player for Argentina.	Santiago Gómez Cora	Argentina
country of citizenship	Andy LaPlegua, born September 15, 1975 in Fredrikstad, Norway, is a musician originally known for being founder and lead vocalist of the futurepop band Icon of Coil.	Andy LaPlegua	Norway
country of citizenship	Kerry Bevin was leader of The Republic of New Zealand Party, and was a list candidate for the 2005 and 2008 general elections.	Kerry Bevin	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Shamdat Sainudeen is a cinematographer from Kerala, India.	Shamdat	India
country of citizenship	Virginia Blackmore, better known by her stage name Ginny Blackmore, is a singer and songwriter from Auckland, New Zealand.	Ginny Blackmore	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Anant Shivaji Desai (Marathi: अनंत शिवाजी देसाई) (born on 17 October 1853 in Walawal, nicknamed Bhausaheb Topiwalla) was an Indian businessman from the erstwhile Sawantwadi State in British India.	Anant Shivaji Desai	India
country of citizenship	When in 1954 professional football was introduced in the Netherlands the already 33-year-old Abe Lenstra moved from VV Heerenveen to the bigger SC Enschede.	Abe Lenstra	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Gavin Broder (born 1963) is the former Chief Rabbi of Ireland, serving from 1996 to October, 2000.	Gavin Broder	Ireland
country of citizenship	Born on November 20, 1929 in Calais, France, Raymond Lefèvre is best known for his 1968 theme ``Soul Coaxing (Ame Caline)'', which became an international hit.	Raymond Lefèvre	France
country of citizenship	Marline Yan (born January 9, 1993 in St. Thomas, Ontario, Canada) is a Canadian actress and singer.	Marline Yan	Canada
country of citizenship	Nidal Algafari is director of the documentary film 'Syria - history and legends'.	Nidal Algafari	Syria
country of citizenship	Martín Varsavsky (born in Buenos Aires in 1960) is an Argentine entrepreneur based in Spain who founded several companies worldwide, including Urban Capital, Medicorp Sciences, Viatel, Jazztel, EINSTEINet, Ya.com, Eolia and FON.	Martín Varsavsky	Spain
country of citizenship	Tionette Stoddard aka T-Dog (born 24 September 1974 in Queensland, Australia) is a New Zealand skeleton racer who has competed since 2004.	Tionette Stoddard	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Marie Colinet was born in Geneva, Switzerland in 1560, the daughter of a Swiss printer.	Marie Colinet	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Emily Nishikawa (born July 26, 1989 in Whitehorse, Yukon Canada) is a Canadian cross-country skier.	Emily Nishikawa	Canada
country of citizenship	The Times of India said ``Amol Parashar looks promising''.	Amol Parashar	India
country of citizenship	Mohammad Ghazi Najafabadi (Persian: محمد قاضی نجف‌آبادی‎‎; born December 30, 1984) is an Iranian Football striker who currently plays for Saba Qom in Iran's Premier Football League.	Mohammad Ghazi	Iran
country of citizenship	Alex Blignaut (30 November 1932 in Johannesburg -- 15 January 2001 in Honeydew, Johannesburg) was a racing driver and motor racing team owner from South Africa.	Alex Blignaut	South Africa
country of citizenship	Somporn Yos (Thai: สมพร ยศ, born June 23, 1993 in Thailand), or simply known as Ton (Thai: ต้น), is a professional footballer from Thailand He currently plays for BEC Tero Sasana in the Thai Premier League.	Somporn Yos	Thailand
country of citizenship	Annika Duckmark, (born September 17, 1971 in Borås, Västergötland, Sweden) is a Swedish television presenter.	Annika Duckmark	Sweden
country of citizenship	Francis Oswald Bennett (19 February 1898 -- 4 August 1976) was a New Zealand doctor, military medical administrator and writer.	Francis Oswald Bennett	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Rattanai Songsangchan (Thai: รัตนัย ส่องแสงจันทร์, born 10 June 1995) is a professional footballer from Thailand.	Rattanai Songsangchan	Thailand
country of citizenship	Omar Bakri Muhammad (Arabic: عمر بکری فستق‎; born Omar Bakri Fostock in 1958) is a Syrian Salafi Islamist 'militant' leader, born in Syria, Aleppo to Syrian parents.	Omar Bakri Muhammad	Syria
country of citizenship	Harold Wilfred Youren (1910--1983) was a notable New Zealand lawyer, farmer, farmers'' advocate and peace campaigner.	Harold Wilfred Youren	New Zealand
country of citizenship	He is represented on the Behistun inscription and on Darius' tomb in Naqsh-e Rustam, as Gobryas from Pâtišuvariš, the lance carrier of king Darius Pâtišuvariš may be the mountainous region north of Alborz in northern Iran, probably Mazandaran.	Gobryas	Iran
country of citizenship	Stephanie Marrian (born 9 October 1948 in Singapore) is a former Page 3 model in The Sun, pop star, TV and film actress.	Stephanie Marrian	Singapore
country of citizenship	Vijay Antony was born in Trichy and studied in St.Xavier Higher Secondary School,Tirunelveli Tamil Nadu, India.	Vijay Antony	India
country of citizenship	Henri-Joseph Rigel (9 February 1741 -- 2 May 1799) was a German-born composer of the Classical era who spent most of his working life in France.	Henri-Joseph Rigel	France
country of citizenship	Luis García Postigo (born June 1, 1969 in Mexico City, Mexico) is a former international Mexican footballer, primarily as a striker; he also played as a winger.	Luis García Postigo	Mexico
country of citizenship	Bruno Aranda Pertile (born in Asunción, Paraguay, May 17, 1994) is a visual artist, known for his drawings of celebrities, including Fergie, Josh Duhamel, Kristen Stewart and Avril Lavigne.	Bruno Aranda Pertile	Paraguay
country of citizenship	Wincenty Gostkowski (March 29, 1807 -- August 29, 1884) was a lawyer and associate of Antoni Patek and Adrien Philippe in the watchmaker Patek Philippe & Co. in Geneva, Switzerland.	Wincenty Gostkowski	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Hossein Kalani (born January 23, 1945 in Tehran) is a retired Iranian football striker who played for Shahin, Persepolis, Paykan Tehran, Shahbaz and the Iran national football team.	Hossein Kalani	Iran
country of citizenship	Bent Fabricius-Bjerre (born December 7, 1924 in Frederiksberg, Denmark), better known internationally as Bent Fabric, is a Danish pianist and composer.	Bent Fabric	Denmark
country of citizenship	Siddiq Barmak (Persian: صدیق برمک‎, born September 7, 1962 in Panjshir, Afghanistan) is a Golden Globe-winner Afghan film director and producer.	Siddiq Barmak	Afghanistan
country of citizenship	Valto Kokko (born in 1933) studied at the Free Art School of Unto Pusa and the metal arts department of the Institute of Industrial Arts, in Finland, from 1958 till 1961.	Valto Kokko	Finland
country of citizenship	Surujrattan Rambachan is a Trinidad and Tobago politician, academic and cultural activist who As of 2013 was the Works and Infrastructure Minister of Trinidad and Tobago and deputy political leader of the United National Congress Party (UNC) and member of parliament for Tabaquite.	Surujrattan Rambachan	Trinidad and Tobago
country of citizenship	Martin Harvey (born 19 September 1941 in Belfast, Northern Ireland) was a Northern Irish footballer who played for Sunderland and the Northern Ireland national football team as a wing half.	Martin Harvey	Northern Ireland
country of citizenship	Torkel Ravndal (October 14, 1936 -- September 14, 2004) was a weightlifter and powerlifter from Sandnes, Norway.	Torkel Ravndal	Norway
country of citizenship	During a time when women in Saudi Arabia lacked educational opportunities, Fawziyya Abu Khalid was fortunate enough to receive an education.	Fawziyya Abu Khalid	Saudi Arabia
country of citizenship	Chin Saik Yoon is the head of Southbound, an academic publishing house based in Penang, Malaysia.	Chin Saik Yoon	Malaysia
country of citizenship	Jayadeva Uyangoda is a political scientist and constitutional expert in Sri Lanka.	Jayadeva Uyangoda	Sri Lanka
country of citizenship	Nicolas Vouilloz (born 8 February 1976 in Nice, France) is a French former professional mountain biker and rally driver.	Nicolas Vouilloz	France
country of citizenship	Conchi Sánchez was the first captain of the Spain national team in 1972.	Conchi Sánchez	Spain
country of citizenship	Aase Texmon Rygh, born April 13, 1925 in Troms County, Norway, is a Norwegian modernist sculptor.	Aase Texmon Rygh	Norway
country of citizenship	In January 1933 the NSDAP (Nazi Party) took power in Germany and early in 1934 the Vossische Zeitung was closed down which left Bruno Kaiser without a job.	Bruno Kaiser	Germany
country of citizenship	Facundo Gambandé (born January 10, 1990, Córdoba, Argentina), is an Argentine actor and singer.	Facundo Gambandé	Argentina
country of citizenship	Tarek Jabban (Arabic: طارق جبان‎) (born 11 December 1975 in Damascus, Syria) is a Syrian footballer.	Tarek Jabban	Syria
country of citizenship	Moncef El Materi (born 20 November 1934) is a Tunisian businessman and former commanding officer of the artillery of Tunisia.	Moncef El Materi	Tunisia
country of citizenship	Ivan Zammit (born 17 March 1972 in Valletta, Malta) is a former professional footballer, currently the head coach at Maltese First Division side Gzira United.	Ivan Zammit	Malta
country of citizenship	Saketharaman (born on Nov 24,1982) is a performing musician of Carnatic music in India.	Saketharaman	India
country of citizenship	Julia Wilson (born 23 September 1978 in Sydney) is a rower from Australia, who won World Rowing Championships gold medals in the Eight and Four for her native country in 2001 and picked up a silver medal in the Eight at the 2002 World Championship.	Julia Wilson	Australia
country of citizenship	Joseph Oscar Lefebre Boulanger (born November 3, 1888 in Saint-Charles-de-Bellechasse, Quebec, Canada-died July 21, 1958) was a Canadian politician and lawyer.	Joseph Oscar Lefebre Boulanger	Canada
country of citizenship	Román Recarte (b. Caracas, June 7, 1987) is a tennis player from Venezuela.	Román Recarte	Venezuela
country of citizenship	Sir Pherozeshah Mehta, KCIE (4 August 1845 -- 5 November 1915) was a Parsi Indian political leader, activist, and a leading lawyer of Mumbai (formerly known as Bombay), India, who was knighted by the British Government in India for his service to the law.	Pherozeshah Mehta	India
country of citizenship	Rod Kemp and Marion Stanton (eds), Speaking for Australia:	Rod Kemp	Australia
country of citizenship	Jason Donnelly is a New Zealand former rugby league player who played professionally and represented his country.	Jason Donnelly	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Humayun Khan Mandokhel (Urdu: حمايون خان مندوخيل‎) is a independent Senator from Balochistan, Pakistan.	Humayun Khan Mandokhel	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Babette Preußler (born 28 September 1968 in Berlin, Germany) is a former East German pair skater.	Babette Preußler	Germany
country of citizenship	Shanawdithit (ca. 1801 -- June 6, 1829), also noted as Shawnadithititis, Shawnawdithit, Nancy April and Nancy Shanawdithit, was the last known living member of the Beothuk people of Newfoundland, Canada.	Shanawdithit	Canada
country of citizenship	Peter Kormos (October 7, 1952 -- March 30, 2013) was a politician in Welland, Ontario, Canada.	Peter Kormos	Canada
country of citizenship	Lindi Ortega is from Toronto, Ontario, Canada.	Lindi Ortega	Canada
country of citizenship	César Gándara is a short story writer and novelist born in Guaymas, Sonora, Mexico in 1971.	César Gándara	Mexico
country of citizenship	Stephan van den Berg (born 20 February 1962) is a retired windsurfer from the Netherlands.	Stephan van den Berg	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Hüseyin Kemal Gürmen (born 1901, Istanbul, Turkey; died March 1, 1974, Istanbul) was a Turkish theater and cinema actor.	Hüseyin Kemal Gürmen	Turkey
country of citizenship	He is married to Jette Egelund which is second generation in the company Vipp and it is in the company's buildings on Islands Brygge that he has established Denmark's first private concert hall for classical chamber music, Mogens Dahl Concert Hall, which is celebrated with the P2 price from Denmark's Radio.	Mogens Dahl	Denmark
country of citizenship	Tero Civill (born 1976 in Nokia, Finland) is a Finnish DJ and composer of music for records, theater and television.	Tero Civill	Finland
country of citizenship	Sabine Deitmer was born in Jena in Germany in 1947 and brought up in Düsseldorf before studying literature and languages in Bonn.	Sabine Deitmer	Germany
country of citizenship	Sahr Randolf Fillie-Faboe (born in Kono District, Sierra Leone) is a Sierra Leonean politician and diplomat.	Sahr Randolf Fillie-Faboe	Sierra Leone
country of citizenship	Roberto Cocco (born May 16, 1977) is an Italian super middleweight Muay Thai kickboxer and boxer, fighting out of Dojo Miura in his home town of Turin, Italy.	Roberto Cocco	Italy
country of citizenship	Antonis Ladakis (Greek: Αντώνης Λαδάκης; born 25 January 1982) is a Greek footballer who plays for Panthrakikos in Superleague Greece.	Antonis Ladakis	Greece
country of citizenship	Saint Matthew the Potter was originally from Bishnai in Egypt.	Saint Matthew the Potter	Egypt
country of citizenship	Guadalupe Marín (October 16, 1895 -- 1983), born María Guadalupe Marín Preciado, was a model and novelist, born in Ciudad Guzmán, Jalisco, Mexico.	Guadalupe Marín	Mexico
country of citizenship	Rungtham Pumseenil (born 29 October 1973) is a Thai television producer and creative professional of game show, quiz show and reality television in Thailand.	Rungtham Pumseenil	Thailand
country of citizenship	Suzanne Lynch MNZM (née Donaldson, born in 1951) is a New Zealand singer who has worked professionally under the names Suzanne Donaldson, Suzanne Lynch and Suzanne.	Suzanne Lynch	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Wayne Briggs (born 24 June 1944) in Christchurch, New Zealand is a former speedway rider and a younger brother of Barry Briggs.	Wayne Briggs	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Pudlo Pudlat (Pudlo), (February 4, 1916 at Kamadjuak Camp, Baffin Island, Canada, - December 28, 1992, at Cape Dorset) was an Inuit artist whose preferred medium was a combination of acrylic wash and coloured pencils.	Pudlo Pudlat	Canada
country of citizenship	Meier was born in Mühldorf am Inn, Bavaria, Germany and after leaving school at the age of 14 years, Georg Meier became an apprentice at a local motor-cycle repair shop in Mühldorf am Inn in Bavaria and became known as ``Schorsch'' (the Bavarian diminutive for Georg) Meier.	Georg Meier	Germany
country of citizenship	Phisit Intharathat trained and served as a paratrooper in his native Thailand's Border Patrol Police.	Phisit Intharathat	Thailand
country of citizenship	Brunei Brunei Marsal Maun was posthumously granted the soubriquet Bapa Perlembagaan (Father of the Constitution).	Marsal Maun	Brunei Brunei
country of citizenship	William Garvie (1837 -- December 15, 1872) was a lawyer, journalist and political figure in Nova Scotia, Canada.	William Garvie	Canada
country of citizenship	Laurent Kavakure (born January 5, 1959) is a Burundian diplomat and politician who served the Minister of Foreign Affairs of Burundi from November 2011 to May 2015.	Laurent Kavakure	Burundi
country of citizenship	Jean-Marie Ducharme (July 19, 1723 -- July 20, 1807) was a fur trader and political figure in New France, British Quebec, and Lower Canada.	Jean-Marie Ducharme	Canada
country of citizenship	Marian Kotleba (Slovak pronunciation: (ˈmariaŋ ˈkotleba); born 7 April 1977 in Banská Bystrica) is a Slovak politician and leader of the far-right People's Party - Our Slovakia political party.	Marian Kotleba	Slovakia
country of citizenship	K. Chandana (Sinhalese: K. චන්දන, died June 2008) was a soldier in the Sri Lanka Army.	K. Chandana	Sri Lanka
country of citizenship	Dor Bahadur Bista (Nepali: डोर बहादुर बिस्ट) is the best-known anthropologist, social scientist and activist of Nepal.	Dor Bahadur Bista	Nepal
country of citizenship	Antipas Mbusa Nyamwisi (born November 15, 1959 in North Kivu) is a politician and former rebel leader in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.	Antipas Mbusa	Democratic Republic of the Congo
country of citizenship	Royce Cronin is a New Zealand born actor that has had main acting roles in the UK.	Royce Cronin	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Elisa Nájera Gualito (born August 16, 1986 in Celaya, Guanajuato) is a Mexican TV Host, model and beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Nuestra Belleza Mexico on October 5, 2007 in Manzanillo, Colima.	Elisa Nájera	Mexico
country of citizenship	David-Vital Landry (July 14, 1866 -- December 18, 1929) was a doctor, farmer and political figure of Acadian descent in New Brunswick, Canada.	David-Vital Landry	Canada
country of citizenship	Werner Teske (24 April 1942 -- 26 June 1981) was a Hauptmann (Captain) of the Ministry for State Security of East Germany who was executed after having been found guilty of ``planned treason''.	Werner Teske	Germany
country of citizenship	Helmut Hauptmann (12 March 1928) is a German writer who was mainly active in the then East Germany.	Helmut Hauptmann	East Germany
country of citizenship	Carlos Ott (born October 16, 1946, in Montevideo) is a Uruguayan architect who resides in Canada and many other countries.	Carlos Ott	Canada
country of citizenship	Ivan Farmakovsky (born February 1, 1973, Moscow, Russia) is a Russian jazz pianist, composer and arranger.	Ivan Farmakovsky	Russia
country of citizenship	Philippe Lavil (born on 26 September 1947 in Fort-de-France, Martinique), pseudonym of Philippe Durand de La Villejégu du Fresnay, is a French singer.	Philippe Lavil	France
country of citizenship	Dominique Cerutti (born January 3, 1961 in Manosque, France) is a French businessman and has been Chairman and CEO of the Altran group since June 2015.	Dominique Cerutti	France
country of citizenship	Maznah Ismail (1 January 1956 - 2 November 2001), better known as Mona Fandey, was a pop singer, witch doctor, and a murderer from Malaysia.	Mona Fandey	Malaysia
country of citizenship	Janusz Rokicki (born 16 August 1974 in Wisła) is a paralympic athlete from Poland competing mainly in category F58 shot put and discus events.	Janusz Rokicki	Poland
country of citizenship	Per Tengstrand (born 1968, Växjö, Sweden) is a Swedish pianist.	Per Tengstrand	Sweden
country of citizenship	Magister Martinus von Biberach (German: (fɔn ˈbiːbəʀax); died 1498) was a theologian from Heilbronn, Germany.	Martinus von Biberach	Germany
country of citizenship	Abdul Rahim Hatif (Pashto: عبدالرحیم هاتف‎; 20 May 1926 -- 19 August 2013) was a politician in Afghanistan.	Abdul Rahim Hatif	Afghanistan
country of citizenship	John Thomas Peacock MLC JP (1827 -- 20 October 1905) was a New Zealand businessman, philanthropist and politician.	John Thomas Peacock	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Consuelo Díez was born in Madrid, Spain, and studied at the Royal Conservatory of Music in Madrid with Anton Garcia Abril and Roman Alis.	Consuelo Díez	Spain
country of citizenship	Kennedy Kithuka (born June 4, 1989 in Thika, Kenya) is a Kenyan cross country runner and Track for Texas Tech under head coach Wes Kittley.	Kennedy Kithuka	Kenya
country of citizenship	Gilles Constantinian (born October 27, 1964 in Lyon, France) is a former professional footballer.	Gilles Constantinian	France
country of citizenship	Serhiy Marusyn (born April 1, 1958, Kanadei, Ulyanovsk Oblast, Soviet Union) is a Ukrainian coach and a former Soviet footballer, the best known for his participation with the Odessa Army Club.	Serhiy Marusyn	Soviet Union
country of citizenship	Luca Moro (27 February 1973 -- 15 March 2014) was an Italian racing driver from Cagliari, Italy.	Luca Moro	Italy
country of citizenship	At the time, Lu Xun declared that Xiao Hong would one day surpass Ding Ling as China's most celebrated female writer.	Xiao Hong	China
country of citizenship	Georgios Stefanopoulos (Greek: Γεώργιος Στεφανόπουλος; born March 31, 1962 in Peristeri, Attiki) is a former boxer from Greece, who participated in two Summer Olympics for his native country in the men's heavyweight division (-- 91 kg), starting in 1984 in Los Angeles, California.	Georgios Stefanopoulos	Greece
country of citizenship	Tobias Blättler, born 11 October 1981, in Lucerne, Switzerland, is a professional race car driver.	Tobias Blättler	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Michèle George (born in Ostend on 2 January 1974) is a Paralympic equestrian of Belgium.	Michèle George	Belgium
country of citizenship	Muhammad Iqbal Choudhary, (Urdu: محمد اقبال چودھری‎ born 11 September 1959) is a leading scientist and scholar in the field of organic chemistry from Pakistan.	Muhammad Iqbal Choudhary	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Yoshikaze Masatsugu (born March 19, 1982 as Masatsugu Ōnishi) is a sumo wrestler from Saiki, Oita Prefecture, Japan.	Yoshikaze Masatsugu	Japan
country of citizenship	Thomas Borer (born 1957) is a former diplomat of Switzerland.	Thomas Borer	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Kyaw Thu (Burmese: ကျော်သူ, pronounced: (tɕɔ̀ θù); born 2 November 1959) is a two-time Myanmar Academy Award winning film actor and film director.	Kyaw Thu	Myanmar
country of citizenship	Dapayk is an alias for the German musician, label owner and techno producer ``Niklas Worgt'' (born February 8, 1978 in Bad Frankenhausen, Germany).	Dapayk	Germany
country of citizenship	Leonida Lari was born on October 26, 1949 in Bursuceni, Moldovan SSR, one of the former Soviet Socialist Republics of the Soviet Union.	Leonida Lari	Soviet Union
country of citizenship	Evelina Stading (1803, Stockholm, Sweden - 1829, Rome, Italy), was a Swedish landscape painter.	Evelina Stading	Sweden
country of citizenship	Meera Mehta is a weaver and textile designer, based in Mumbai, India.	Meera Mehta	India
country of citizenship	Olavi Uusivirta (born in 1983 in Helsinki, Finland) is a Finnish rock/pop singer, songwriter and actor.	Olavi Uusivirta	Finland
country of citizenship	Pálné Veres (1815--1895) was a Hungarian teacher and feminist, known for promoting women's rights, opening the first secondary school for women in Hungary and founding the Hungarian National Association for Women's Education.	Pálné Veres	Hungary
country of citizenship	Märta Berendes served as maid of honour to queen Christina of Sweden in 1652-1654 and to the next queen, Hedvig Eleonora of Holstein-Gottorp, in 1654-1656.	Märta Berendes	Sweden
country of citizenship	Max Picard (June 5, 1888 in Schopfheim -- October 3, 1965 in Sorengo, Switzerland) was a Swiss writer, important as one of the few thinkers writing from a deeply Platonic sensibility in the 20th century.	Max Picard	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Helen Mahon-Stroud is a New Zealand netball coach.	Helen Mahon-Stroud	New Zealand
country of citizenship	René Depestre (born 29 August 1926 Jacmel, Haiti) is a Haitian poet and former communist activist.	René Depestre	Haiti
country of citizenship	Nathalie Beaux-Grimal (born 1960) is a French Egyptologist, a research associate at the Collège de France and the French Institute of Oriental Archaeology in Cairo (IFAO).	Nathalie Beaux-Grimal	France
country of citizenship	Fernando de la Jara (born 1948 in Lima, Peru) is a Peruvian artist who has lived in Germany since 1987.	Fernando de la Jara	Peru
country of citizenship	Santiago José Celis (1782 in Ahuachapán - 1814 in San Salvador, El Salvador) was a Salvadoran physician who participated in the 1811 Independence Movement.	Santiago José Celis	El Salvador
country of citizenship	Tony See is a philosopher based in Singapore.	Tony See	Singapore
country of citizenship	Giovanni Silva de Oliveira (born February 4, 1972 in Abaetetuba), better known as Giovanni, is a retired football player from Brazil and currently a scout for Olympiacos.	Giovanni Silva de Oliveira	Brazil
country of citizenship	Aisha Diori (born 8 Sep, in Lagos, Nigeria) is a community mobiliser, HIV/AIDS preventionist, educator, performer and named ``legendary mother'' in Ball culture.	Aisha Diori	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Okyerema Asante is a master drummer from Ghana, famous for performing all parts of a traditional five-person drum group by himself.	Okyerema Asante	Ghana
country of citizenship	Sergio Cragnotti (Italian pronunciation: (ˈsɛrdʒo kraɲˈɲɔtti); born January 9, 1940 in Rome, Italy) is an Italian entrepreneur and author.	Sergio Cragnotti	Italy
country of citizenship	Sa'idu Ahmed Alkali (b. 12 February 1969) is a Nigerian politician who was elected Senator for the Gombe North constituency of Gombe State, Nigeria in August 2010 after the death of the incumbent senator Kawu Peto Dukku.	Sa'idu Ahmed Alkali	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Jørgen Aall was elected to the Norwegian Constitutional Assembly, that drafted the Constitution of Norway in 1814.	Jørgen Aall	Norway
country of citizenship	Mahmoud Anbarani (Born in 1937 - Sabzevar - Iran) poet, writer, translator and scholar of Persian (Iran).	Mahmoud Anbarani	Iran
country of citizenship	Fernando Rosas Pfingsthorn (Valparaíso, August 7, 1931 -- Santiago, October 5, 2007) was a Chilean orchestra conductor and one of the founders of the Youth and Children's Orchestras Foundation of Chile.	Fernando Rosas Pfingsthorn	Chile
country of citizenship	Johnny Arcilla (born February 15, 1980) is a Filipino tennis player who represents the Philippines in international competition.	Johnny Arcilla	Philippines
country of citizenship	Barney Clarke (born 1 April 1927) is a former champion New Zealand Light heavyweight boxer.	Barney Clarke	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Gaute Storaas (born 20 August 1959 in Bergen, Norway) is a Norwegian jazz musician (bass) and Composer, and the older brother of Jazz pianist Vigleik Storaas.	Gaute Storaas	Norway
country of citizenship	Teresa Rohmann (born July 24, 1987 in Nuremberg) is a medley swimmer from Germany.	Teresa Rohmann	Germany
country of citizenship	Born María de los Ángeles Gulín Domínguez in Ribadavia, Spain, she moved with her family at the age of eight in Montevideo, Uruguay, where she studied singing with her father, who became a local music director who organized concerts in parks.	Ángeles Gulín	Spain
country of citizenship	Jhakku Prasad Subedi (Nepali: झक्कु प्रसाद सुवेदी) is a Nepalese politician, belonging to the Communist Party of Nepal (Maoist).	Jhakku Prasad Subedi	Nepal
country of citizenship	Darko Dimitrov (Macedonian: Дарко Димитров (ˈdarkɔ ˈdimitrof ); born January 21, 1973 in Skopje, SFR Yugoslavia (present-day Republic of Macedonia)) is a Macedonian record producer, songwriter, arranger and record executive.	Darko Dimitrov	Macedonia
country of citizenship	René Redzepi (born 16 December 1977) is a Danish chef and co-owner of the two-Michelin star restaurant Noma in the Christianshavn neighborhood of Copenhagen, Denmark.	René Redzepi	Denmark
country of citizenship	Kirsty Carline (née Broughton) is a New Zealand netball coach and retired netball player.	Kirsty Carline	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Ghislain Deslandes is a professor and a researcher born in Angers (France) on the 16th of August 1970.	Ghislain Deslandes	France
country of citizenship	Giovanni Caro (born November 14, 1983 in Mexico City, Distrito Federal, Mexico) is a Mexican professional boxer of Russian descent in the Super Bantamweight division.	Giovanni Caro	Mexico
country of citizenship	Mohamed Fairuz Fauzy (born 24 October 1982 in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia) is a race car driver.	Fairuz Fauzy	Malaysia
country of citizenship	Szilveszter Matuska (January 29, 1892 -- disappeared c. 1945), was a Hungarian mass murderer and mechanical engineer who made two successful and at least two unsuccessful attempts to derail passenger trains in Hungary, Germany and Austria in 1930 and 1931.	Szilveszter Matuska	Hungary
country of citizenship	Devendra Prabhudesai is an Indian biographer and manager of media relations and corporate affairs for BCCI in Mumbai, India.	Devendra Prabhudesai	India
country of citizenship	Abbas Khattak, NI(M), SBt, (born 16 July 1941), is a retired four-star air officer in the Pakistan Air Force who served as the 14th Chief of Air Staff of the Pakistan Air Force from 8 November 1994 to 7 November 1997.	Abbas Khattak	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Hakim Abdul Aziz (Muhammad 'Abd al 'Aziz, 1855--1911) was a prominent Unani physician in British India.	Hakim Abdul Aziz	India
country of citizenship	On May 12, 2013, Gizem Güreşen married to Hüseyin Karadayı, a well-known disc jockey in Turkey.	Gizem Güreşen	Turkey
country of citizenship	Mathieu Deplagne (born 1 October 1991 in Montpellier, France) is a French footballer who currently plays as a right back for Ligue 1 side Montpellier HSC.	Mathieu Deplagne	France
country of citizenship	Charles Hardinge, 1st Baron Hardinge of Penshurst, KG GCB GCSI GCMG GCIE GCVO ISO PC (20 June 1858 -- 2 August 1944) was a British diplomat and statesman who served as Viceroy of India from 1910--16.	Charles Hardinge, 1st Baron Hardinge of Penshurst	India
country of citizenship	Katia Benth (born November 16, 1975 in Cayenne) is a retired sprinting athlete from French Guyana, who represented France in the international competitions.	Katia Benth	France
country of citizenship	Vartika Brij Nath Singh (born October 13, 1991), simply known as Vartika Singh ,is an Indian model and beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Femina Miss India Grand 2015 on 28 March 2015 at Yash Raj Studios, Mumbai, India.	Vartika Singh	India
country of citizenship	Mok Ying Ren (born 6 July 1988) is a triathlete and long-distance runner from Singapore.	Mok Ying Ren	Singapore
country of citizenship	Ralf Braun (born 24 January 1973 in Berlin) is a retired backstroke swimmer from Germany, who competed for his native country at two consecutive Summer Olympics, starting in 1996 (Atlanta, Georgia).	Ralf Braun	Germany
country of citizenship	Prof. Baij Nath Puri (B. N. Puri) (born 25 January 1916) is a historian from India.	Baij Nath Puri	India
country of citizenship	Friedrich Wilhelm Kritzinger (14 April 1890 -- 25 April 1947) was a German official and state secretary in the Reich Chancellery during the period of Nazi Germany.	Friedrich Wilhelm Kritzinger	Germany
country of citizenship	Anselmo Cordeiro da Mata (born March 12, 1981 in Luanda, Angola), better known as Anselmo Ralph, is an Angolan singer.	Anselmo Ralph	Angola
country of citizenship	Lê Tấn Tài (born on January 4, 1984) is a Vietnamese footballer, and the captain of the Vietnam national football team, where he plays as a Central Midfielder.	Lê Tấn Tài	Vietnam
country of citizenship	Riabokrys Oleksandr Mykhailovych (Ukrainian: Олександр Михайлович Рябокрис) (born June 1, 1952) is a current director of the documentary film department of the National Television Company of Ukraine, and laureate of the Vasyl Stus Prize.	Riabokrys Oleksandr Mykhailovych	Ukraine
country of citizenship	Marco Danilo Ureña Porras, known as Marco Ureña (born March 5, 1990 in San José) is a professional Costa Rican footballer who plays in Denmark for FC Midtjylland and the Costa Rica national football team as a striker.	Marco Ureña	Costa Rica
country of citizenship	Charles Quinto (born February 12, 1990 in Bogotá, Colombia) is a Colombian footballer currently unemployed.	Charles Quinto	Colombia
country of citizenship	Ponaka Kanakamma (1892--1963) was a social worker, activist and freedom fighter, imprisoned over a year, as a disciple of Mahatma Gandhi, in India.	Ponaka Kanakamma	India
country of citizenship	Jotamont composed a number of mornas, a music and dance genre from Cape Verde.	Jotamont	Cape Verde
country of citizenship	Július Kánássy (born 11 March 1934 in Košice, Czechoslovakia), original Hungarian name:	Július Kánássy	Czechoslovakia
country of citizenship	Sam Haskins, born Samuel Joseph Haskins (born 11 November 1926, died 26 November 2009), was a British photographer, born and raised in South Africa.	Sam Haskins	South Africa
country of citizenship	Babagouda Patil is a former union minister of the state of India.	Babagouda Patil	India
country of citizenship	Jacqueline Fraser (born 14 March 1956) is a New Zealand artist of Ngāi Tahu descent.	Jacqueline Fraser	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Ait Hammi Miloud (born July 8, 1994in Rabat, Morocco) is a Moroccan Olympic boxer.	Ait Hammi Miloud	Morocco
country of citizenship	Saburo Ishikura (石倉 三郎 Ishikura Saburō, born December 16, 1946 in Kagawa, Japan) is a Japanese actor that has acted in several movies directed by Beat Takeshi.	Saburo Ishikura	Japan
country of citizenship	Emanuel Schäfer (April 20, 1900 -- December 4, 1974) was an SS-Oberführer (Senior Colonel) and a protégé of Reinhard Heydrich in Nazi Germany.	Emanuel Schäfer	Germany
country of citizenship	Erifasi Otema Allimadi (11 February 1929 -- 5 August 2001) was the Foreign Minister (1979--1980) and Prime Minister of Uganda (1980--1985).	Otema Allimadi	Uganda
country of citizenship	Norman Schuster (born December 13, 1979 in Halle an der Saale, Sachsen-Anhalt) is a boxer from Germany, who won the bronze medal in the Men's Lightweight (-- 60 kg) division at the 2000 European Amateur Boxing Championships in Tampere, Finland.	Norman Schuster	Germany
country of citizenship	Lidija Vukićević (Serbian: Лидија Вукићевић) (born July 20, 1962 in Kraljevo, PR Serbia, FPR Yugoslavia) is a Serbian film and TV actress.	Lidija Vukićević	Serbia
country of citizenship	Iman al-Asadi Iman Khaleel Shaalan al-Asadi (Arabic: ايمان الاسدي‎) Liberal Iraqi Politician former lawmaker of Council of Representatives of Iraq	Iman al-Asadi	Iraq
country of citizenship	Ustad Jalil Zaland (Persian: جلیل زلاند‎‎) (also spelled as Ustad Zoland & استاد زولاند) (c. 1935 -- 30 April 2009) is a veteran singer of Afghanistan's golden music era.	Jalil Zaland	Afghanistan
country of citizenship	Rubén Sánchez León (born August 21, 1973 in Mexicali, Baja California, Mexico) was a Mexican boxer in the Lightweight division.	Rubén Sánchez León	Mexico
country of citizenship	Ayesha Gulalai Wazir (Pashto: عایشه ګلالۍ وزير‎; Urdu: عائشه گلالئ‎) is a Pakistani activist-politician and the Member of National Assembly representing Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf on a reserved seat for women.	Ayesha Gulalai Wazir	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Philipp Peter (born 6 April 1969 in Vienna) is a race car driver from Austria.	Philipp Peter	Austria
country of citizenship	Milonja Đukić (Serbian Cyrillic: Милоња Ђукић ;born 12 December 1965 in Ivangrad, SFR Yugoslavia) is a former Serbian football player from Montenegro.	Milonja Đukić	Montenegro
country of citizenship	Gerrit Badenhorst (born 10 October 1962) is a former WPC world champion powerlifter and professional strongman competitor from South Africa.	Gerrit Badenhorst	South Africa
country of citizenship	Frits Bernard (28 August 1920, Rotterdam -- 23 May 2006, Rotterdam) was a clinical psychologist, sexologist and gay and pedophile activist in the Netherlands.	Frits Bernard	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Julie Hogg (née Whitehouse) (born 4 November 1958 in New Zealand) is a former association football player who represented New Zealand at international level.	Julie Hogg	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Ratko Dostanić (Serbian Cyrillic: Ратко Достанић; born 25 October 1959 in Lučani, Serbia, FPR Yugoslavia) is a Serbian football coach and former player.	Ratko Dostanić	Serbia
country of citizenship	Mercedes Revenga de la Rosa is a pageant titleholder, was born in Caracas, Venezuela on 1946.	Mercedes Revenga	Venezuela
country of citizenship	E. Hugo Siles-Alvarado, was the Permanent Representative to the United Nations for Bolivia from July 2007 - February 2009.	Hugo Siles-Alvarado	Bolivia
country of citizenship	Papanelopoulou, F., 'Gustave-Adolphe Hirn (1815-1890): engineering thermodynamics in mid-nineteenth-century France', British Journal for the History of Science (2006), 39(2), 231-254	Gustave-Adolphe Hirn	France
country of citizenship	Andrea Paoli is a Lebanese athlete who was the Taekwondo champion of Lebanon in the senior category for five consecutive seasons.	Andrea Paoli	Lebanon
country of citizenship	Enzo Crivelli (born 6 February 1995 in Rouen, France) is a French footballer who currently plays for Ligue 1 club Girondins de Bordeaux as a striker.	Enzo Crivelli	France
country of citizenship	Enrico Pedrini (15 January 1940 Montesano di Filighera -- 19 April 2012 Genova) was an academic, theorist and collector of Conceptual Art. He also taught epistemology in Italy.	Enrico Pedrini	Italy
country of citizenship	Tuula Anneli Björkling (born 1952) of Finland was adjudged Miss International 1973 on 13 October, held at the Exposition Hall Fairgrounds in Osaka, Japan.	Anneli Björkling	Finland
country of citizenship	Will Upson is a pianist and composer, who performed with several well known jazz and big bands in Western Australia.	Will Upson	Australia
country of citizenship	Víctor Hugo Amatti (born June 20, 1965 in Parana, Argentina) is a former Argentine footballer who played for clubs of Chile.	Víctor Hugo Amatti	Argentina
country of citizenship	Jamy Gourmaud (born 17 January, 1964) is a journalist well known from the educational TV show C'est Pas Sorcier that he presented with Frédéric Courant and Sabine Quindou and was produced from the channel France 3 on 1993.	Jamy Gourmaud	France
country of citizenship	Hagop Vahram Çerçiyan was a professor of mathematics, geography, and calligraphy at the Robert College of Istanbul, known for designing the signature of Mustafa Kemal Atatürk, the first president of Turkey.	Hagop Vahram Çerçiyan	Turkey
country of citizenship	Adalbert Probst (1900 - 1934) was a Catholic Youth leader in Germany during Nazi period.	Adalbert Probst	Germany
country of citizenship	Tada Keelalay is a professional footballer born in Thailand.	Tada Keelalay	Thailand
country of citizenship	Oleksiy Kuznetsov (Ukrainian: Олексій Кузнєцов) (born 28 May 1991 in Makiivka, Donetsk Oblast, Ukraine) is the winner of the first season (2009--2010) of the Ukrainian X Factor.	Oleksiy Kuznetsov	Ukraine
country of citizenship	Guillaume Rondelet (27 September 1507 -- 30 July 1566), known also as Rondeletus (Rondeletius), was Regus Professor of medicine at the University of Montpellier in southern France and Chancellor of the University between 1556 and his death in 1566.	Guillaume Rondelet	France
country of citizenship	Traian V. Chirilă (born 14 February 1948 in Arad, Romania) is a Romanian-Australian polymer and organic chemist who is the inventor of AlphaCor, an artificial cornea in current clinical use throughout the world.	Traian V. Chirilă	Romania
country of citizenship	Grant Nisbett (born 26 December) is a New Zealand sports broadcaster and TAB media liaison.	Grant Nisbett	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Penny Woolcock (born 1 January 1950, in Buenos Aires, Argentina) is a British filmmaker, opera director, and screenwriter.	Penny Woolcock	Argentina
country of citizenship	Ernest Eden George (18 September 1863 -- 2 May 1927), known as Eden George, was born in New South Wales and came to New Zealand as a young man.	Eden George	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Robert Antoine (1914 in Belgium -- 1981) was a Belgian Jesuit priest, missionary in India.	Robert Antoine	Belgium
country of citizenship	Youssef Dahha (born 16 July 1972), is the official goalie trainer for the Canadian football (soccer) team, the Montreal Impact (fr. l'Impact de Montreal) in Quebec, Canada.	Youssef Dahha	Canada
country of citizenship	Faustin Twagiramungu (born 1945 in Cyangugu province) is an ethnic Hutu politician in Rwanda.	Faustin Twagiramungu	Rwanda
country of citizenship	Jean-Marc Pilorget (born 13 April 1958 in Paris) is a retired footballer, who was the manager of Championnat de France amateur side Cannes until June 2015, when he took over Fréjus Saint-Raphael.	Jean-Marc Pilorget	France
country of citizenship	Mehdi Daghagheleh (Persian: مهدی دغاغله‎‎, born 30 January 1990 in Khozestan) is an Iranian Football Striker who currently plays for Saipa in Iran's Premier Football League.	Mehdi Daghagheleh	Iran
country of citizenship	Toussaint Pothier (May 16, 1771 -- October 22, 1845) was a businessman, seigneur and political figure in Lower Canada.	Toussaint Pothier	Canada
country of citizenship	Markus Jürgenson (born 9 September 1987) is an Estonian professional footballer who plays as a full-back for Estonian Meistriliiga club Flora and the Estonia national football team.	Markus Jürgenson	Estonia
country of citizenship	Jovan Tanasijević (Cyrillic: Joвaн Taнacиjeвић, born 20 January 1978 in Pristina, Yugoslavia) is a footballer who represented Montenegro internationally.	Jovan Tanasijević	Montenegro
country of citizenship	Jeanne de Gontaut, Countess of Noailles (c.1520- 26 September 1586), was a French noblewoman and the wife of Antoine de Noailles, Admiral of France and French Ambassador to England from 1553 to 1556.	Jeanne de Gontaut	France
country of citizenship	As a Member of Parliament in Weimar, Joseph Joos grew to become one of the leading voices of the Christian Democratic Union in Germany.	Joseph Joos	Germany
country of citizenship	Valentino Balboni (born 13 May 1949) is the former chief test driver of Lamborghini, a manufacturer of sports cars in Italy.	Valentino Balboni	Italy
country of citizenship	Gilbert Saboya Sunyé (born 28 July 1966) is an Andorran economist and politician who is current Minister of Foreign Affairs to the Principality of Andorra.	Gilbert Saboya Sunyé	Andorra
country of citizenship	Carlos Morel died in Quilmes, Buenos Aires Province, Argentina on 10 September 1894, aged 81.	Carlos Morel	Argentina
country of citizenship	Joseph John Thomas Pawelka (1887--?) was a New Zealand criminal and prison escaper.	Joseph John Thomas Pawelka	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Fabricio Coloccini (locally: (faˈβɾisjo koloˈtʃini); ; Italian: (kolotˈtʃiːni); born 22 January 1982) is an Argentine footballer who plays as a centre back for Newcastle United and the Argentina national team.	Fabricio Coloccini	Argentina
country of citizenship	Gerardo Tazzer Valencia (born 12 December 1951 in Mexico City) is an equestrian from Mexico and Olympic medalist.	Gerardo Tazzer	Mexico
country of citizenship	Thomas Barlow Smith (October 28, 1839 -- July 22, 1933) was a merchant, ship builder, author and political figure in Nova Scotia, Canada.	Thomas Barlow Smith	Canada
country of citizenship	Johann Hauler (9 October 1829 -- 9 August 1888) was an Austrian educator and classical philologist born in Oberrimsingen, a district of Breisach, Germany.	Johann Hauler	Germany
country of citizenship	Baiju Parthan (born in 1956 in Kerala), a painter, is known as a pioneer of intermedia art in India.	Baiju Parthan	India
country of citizenship	Lim Tong Hai (born 14 May 1969) was a centre-back for the Singapore national football team from 1989 to 1999.	Lim Tong Hai	Singapore
country of citizenship	Sarah Maria Barraud (c.1823 -- 8 March 1895) was a New Zealand homemaker and letter-writer.	Sarah Maria Barraud	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Biaggio Chianese (born October 28, 1961 in Trieste) is a retired boxer from Italy, who won the bronze medal at both the 1986 World Amateur Boxing Championships and the 1987 European Amateur Boxing Championships in the men's heavyweight (+ 91 kg) division.	Biaggio Chianese	Italy
country of citizenship	Eddy Planckaert (b. Nevele, 22 September 1958) is a former professional road racing cyclist from Belgium.	Eddy Planckaert	Belgium
country of citizenship	Sir Lawrence Peel (10 August 1799--1884) was a judge in India, Chief Justice of Bengal.	Lawrence Peel	India
country of citizenship	Benoît Lutgen (born March 10, 1970 in Bastogne) is the head of the Centre démocrate humaniste (Humanist Democrat Centre) political party in Belgium.	Benoît Lutgen	Belgium
country of citizenship	David Vumlallian Zou (born January 25, 1977) is an historian of modern South Asia with special interest in north-east India.	David Vumlallian Zou	India
country of citizenship	Dr. Witold Nazarewicz (born 1954) is a nuclear physicist born in Warsaw, Poland, currently teaching at Michigan State University.	Witold Nazarewicz	Poland
country of citizenship	Greg Weight (born 2 December 1946 in Sydney, Australia) is an Australian photographer specialising in fine art photography and portraiture.	Greg Weight	Australia
country of citizenship	Madhu Muttam is a popular script writer in Kerala, India.	Madhu Muttam	India
country of citizenship	Russell James has appeared several times in America's Next Top Model and Australia's Next Top Model, as a guest photographer or judge.	Russell James	Australia
country of citizenship	Michael Kuhr (born 26 February 1962 in Berlin, Germany) is a former German kickboxer and security specialist.	Michael Kuhr	Germany
country of citizenship	K. Shankar was a veteran film editor and director, born on Mar 17, 1926 in Malabar (now Kerala, in India).	K. Shankar	India
country of citizenship	Bjørn Grimnes (born 24 September 1950) is a former javelin thrower from Norway.	Bjørn Grimnes	Norway
country of citizenship	Manouchehr Mohammadi (in Persian: منوچهر محمدی), born in 1956 in Abadan, Iran is a film producer.	Manouchehr Mohammadi	Iran
country of citizenship	Ardico Magnini (born 21 October 1928 in Pistoia, Italy) was an Italian football (soccer) player.	Ardico Magnini	Italy
country of citizenship	Dr. Nicasius de Sille (1543--1600) was a 16th-century statesman from Belgium who served as a special ambassador from the Netherlands to several nations, and as secretary to future-Holy Roman Emperor Matthias.	Nicasius de Sille	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Piotr Lisiecki (born 2 March 1993) is a Polish singer and guitarist who rose to fame after placing third on the third series of Poland's Got Talent.	Piotr Lisiecki	Poland
country of citizenship	Zohre Esmaeli (born 1 July 1985 in Kabul) is a model, designer and author from Afghanistan.	Zohre Esmaeli	Afghanistan
country of citizenship	Richard Philpott (7 February 1813 -- 8 June 1888) was an English cricketer who played for Victoria, Australia.	Richard Philpott	Australia
country of citizenship	Grant Morgan is a political activist from Auckland, New Zealand.	Grant Morgan	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Sometime after this, the Votadini troops under Cunedda relocated to North Wales to defend the region from Irish invasion, specifically the Uí Liatháin, as mentioned in the Historia Brittonum.	Cunedda	Wales
country of citizenship	Bo Berndal (born 1924, in Stockholm, Sweden, died 2013) was a Swedish compositor and typographer.	Bo Berndal	Sweden
country of citizenship	Boris Hoppek was born in the small village of Kreuztal, Germany, in 1970.	Boris Hoppek	Germany
country of citizenship	Victor Estima is a third degree Carlos Gracie, Jr. Black Belt who, along with his brother Braulio Estima, was coached under Ze Radiola in his native Brazil.	Victor Estima	Brazil
country of citizenship	Afrob was born in Venice, Italy to Eritrean parents but moved to Germany at a young age.	Afrob	Germany
country of citizenship	Max Lüscher (born 9 September 1923, Basel, Switzerland) is a Swiss psychotherapist.	Max Lüscher	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Nadine Stanton (born 11 September 1975 in Hamilton, New Zealand) is a shooting competitor for New Zealand.	Nadine Stanton	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Teme Sejko, a member of the Sejko family of Filiates, was born in Konispol, Albania, on August 25, 1922.	Teme Sejko	Albania
country of citizenship	Abdellatif Zeroual (born 1951, Berrechid, Morocco, died on 14 November 1974, at ``Derb Moulay Chérif'' in Casablanca) was a philosophy teacher and member of the national committee of the ``Ila Al Amame'' movement.	Abdellatif Zeroual	Morocco
country of citizenship	Ray Twinney (November 1935 - 24 December 1994) is the former mayor of Newmarket, Ontario, Canada from 1979 to 1994.	Ray Twinney	Canada
country of citizenship	Paul Slowinski was born in Strzegom, Poland and immigrated to Adelaide, Australia in 1996 as a teenager with his mother and brother.	Paul Slowinski	Poland
country of citizenship	Denis Miéville is an expert on the logic of Stanislaw Lesniewski and natural logic, born in Switzerland in September 15, 1946.	Denis Miéville	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Thomas James Smith (1827−1896) was the founder of Smith & Nephew, one of the United Kingdom's largest medical devices businesses.	Thomas James Smith	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	Ezekiel McLeod, QC, LL.B (October 29, 1840 -- June 11, 1920) was a lawyer, judge and political figure in New Brunswick, Canada.	Ezekiel McLeod	Canada
country of citizenship	Gérard Jean-Juste (February 7, 1946 -- May 27, 2009) was a Roman Catholic priest and rector of Saint Claire's church for the poor in Port-au-Prince, Haiti.	Gérard Jean-Juste	Haiti
country of citizenship	Winthrop Graham (born 17 November 1965 in Westmoreland, Jamaica) is a retired athlete who mainly competed in the 400 metres hurdles.	Winthrop Graham	Jamaica
country of citizenship	Geordie Campbell (August 13, 1884 in Glasgow, Scotland -- February 21, 1952 in Toronto, Ontario, Canada) was a full back most known for his time in Ontario soccer.	Geordie Campbell	Canada
country of citizenship	Subsequent to his education at Hurtwood House in Surrey in the United Kingdom, Jay Mo completed a degree in Music and the Recording Arts at the SAE Institute of London.	Jay Mo	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	Oby Onyioha is a Nigerian singer and songwriter best known for her smash debut single, I Want To Feel Your Love which was widely successful in the 1980s in Nigeria.	Oby Onyioha	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Belu-Simion Fainaru (born 1959) is an Israeli sculptor who was born in Bucharest, Romania and immigrated to Israel in 1973.	Belu-Simion Fainaru	Romania
country of citizenship	After appearing for Brazil under-17 and under-18 levels, Sammir expressed his desire to play for the Croatia national football team after holding a Croatian passport.	Sammir	Brazil
country of citizenship	Tilman Hoppstock (born 1961) is a classical guitarist, cellist and musicologist from Germany.	Tilman Hoppstock	Germany
country of citizenship	Arquimedes Nieto (born April 28, 1989 in Panama City, Panama) is a minor league baseball player who is played with the Panama national baseball team at the 2009 World Baseball Classic.	Arquimedes Nieto	Panama
country of citizenship	Henriëtte Geertruida Knip (19 July 1783 -- 29 May 1842) was a flower painter from the Northern Netherlands.	Henriëtte Geertruida Knip	Netherlands
country of citizenship	David Casinos Sierra (born February 15, 1972 from Valencia) is a Paralympian athlete from Spain competing mainly in category F11 shot put events.	David Casinos	Spain
country of citizenship	Oskar Peterlini (born 1950), Contract Professor on the Free University of Bozen Bolzano, is a Representative of the German-speaking South Tyrolean Minority in South Tyrol, Italy.	Oskar Peterlini	Italy
country of citizenship	Markus Löffel (27 November 1966 -- 11 January 2006), also known as Mark Spoon and Spacy Trancer, was a disc jockey, musician and record producer from Frankfurt am Main, Germany.	Markus Löffel	Germany
country of citizenship	Paola Pezzo (born 8 January 1969 in Bosco Chiesanuova) is a cross-country mountain bike racer from Verona, Italy.	Paola Pezzo	Italy
country of citizenship	Ahmad Zakii Anwar (born 1955 in Johor state, Malaysia) is one of the most well-known artists in Malaysia.	Ahmad Zakii Anwar	Malaysia
country of citizenship	Nikos Kaltsas (Greek: Νίκος Καλτσάς, born 3 May 1990 in Veria) is a Greek footballer who plays for Panathinaikos in the Superleague Greece as a winger.	Nikos Kaltsas	Greece
country of citizenship	Dr. Yemi Kale is the Statistician General of the National Bureau of Statistics of Nigeria.	Yemi Kale	Nigeria
country of citizenship	R. Balakrishnan, popularly known as R. Balki (born in Kumbakonam, Thanjavur district, Tamil Nadu), is an Indian filmmaker, screenwriter and Chairman and Chief Creative Officer of the advertising agency Lowe Lintas (India).	R. Balki	India
country of citizenship	Everwijn Johan Maarten van der Linden (born March 9, 1969 in Voorburg, Zuid-Holland) is a former rower from the Netherlands, who competed for his native country in two consecutive Summer Olympics, starting in 1996.	Maarten van der Linden	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Veljko Narančić (26 May 1898 -- 6 February 1983) was an athlete who competed for Kingdom of Yugoslavia in the 1920s and 1930s.	Veljko Narančić	Yugoslavia
country of citizenship	Fabiola Campomanes (born Fabiola Campomanes Rojas on July 30, 1972, in Mexico City, D.F., Mexico) is a Mexican actress she is famous for performing for various Mexican telenovelas since 1993.	Fabiola Campomanes	Mexico
country of citizenship	Mohamed Abla is an Egyptian artist known for his paintings of abstract sceneries in Egypt.	Mohamed Abla	Egypt
country of citizenship	Maulana Mazhar Ali Azhar (13 March 1895 -- 4 November 1974) was the founder and leader of Majlis-e-Ahrar-ul-Islam and a political figure in the history of Sub-Continent India.	Mazhar Ali Azhar	India
country of citizenship	Prabhakar Narayan Padhye (Devanagari: प्रभाकर नारायण पाध्ये) (1926--1996), popularly known as Bhau Padhye (भाऊ पाध्ये), was a Marathi writer from Maharashtra, India.	Bhau Padhye	India
country of citizenship	Óengus Ollom (English: the scholar), according to medieval Irish legend and historical tradition, was a High King of Ireland who was the son of Ailill, the son of Labraid Loingsech.	Óengus Ollom	Ireland
country of citizenship	Joseph Cardijn was born in 1882 in Schaerbeek, Belgium, the eldest son of Henri Cardijn and Louise Cardijn, née Van Daelen.	Joseph Cardijn	Belgium
country of citizenship	Dick Decloe currently resides in Canada and runs a successful hockey training programme in Oakville, Ontario where he teaches kids how to float in the neutral zone, throw vicious headhunting elbows and how to take head high clap bombs in warmups like an allstar.	Dick Decloe	Canada
country of citizenship	Pierre van der Linden, born 19 February 1946 in the Netherlands, is a jazz drummer whose style was influenced by his childhood hero Buddy Rich.	Pierre van der Linden	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Panteleimon Kotokos (Greek: Παντελεήμων Κοτόκος Αργυροκάστρου; 1890--1969) was a bishop of the Orthodox Autocephalous Church of Albania.	Panteleimon Kotokos	Albania
country of citizenship	André Claveau (17 December 1911 -- 4 July 2003) was a popular singer in France from the 1940s to the 1960s.	André Claveau	France
country of citizenship	Martin Margiela (born April 9, 1957 in Genk, Belgium) is a Belgian fashion designer, and the founder of fashion house Maison Margiela.	Martin Margiela	Belgium
country of citizenship	Matthew Saunoa (born 1986) is a New Zealand pop singer who rose to musical fame as the winner of the third season of New Zealand Idol in 2006.	Matthew Saunoa	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Alexandre Barbera-Ivanoff is a French artist born in Paris, France, in 1973.	Alexandre Barbera-Ivanoff	France
country of citizenship	Peter S. Gray (born November 24, 1957 in Paget, Bermuda) is an equestrian who has competed in two Olympic games, been chosen as a reserve in one games and acted as team coach in two more.	Peter S. Gray	Bermuda
country of citizenship	Charlotte Riefenstahl (24 May 1899 in Bielefeld, Germany -- 6 January 1993 in Northfield, Minnesota, USA ) was a German physicist.	Charlotte Riefenstahl	Germany
country of citizenship	Vasif Adigozalov (1935--2006) (alternative spellings: Adigezalov, Adygazal) (Azerbaijani: Vasif Adıgözəlov) was one of Azerbaijan's most distinguished composers.	Vasif Adigozalov	Azerbaijan
country of citizenship	Ashraf Fahmy first earned a Bachelor of Arts (History) from the University of Cairo in 1961, then graduated from the High Cinema Institute of Giza (first class) in 1963 to walk in the Cinema of Egypt bath, after that he studied Directing at the University of California from 1964 until 1967.	Ashraf Fahmy	Egypt
country of citizenship	Henry John Wardell (1890--1972) was a notable New Zealand pastoralist, businessman and wool industry leader.	Henry John Wardell	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Manolita Saval (5 February 1914 Paris, France -- 23 August 2001 Mexico City, Mexico) was a Spanish actress and singer.	Manolita Saval	Mexico
country of citizenship	Tania Libertad de Souza Zúñiga (born 24 October 1952), better known as Tania Libertad, is a Peruvian singer who has lived in Mexico since 1978 and is a naturalized Mexican.	Tania Libertad	Mexico
country of citizenship	Douglas Peters and David Wilfrid Peters authored an article titled ``Reforming Canada's Financial Services Sector:	Douglas Peters	Canada
country of citizenship	Nigar Talibova (born 1975 in Baku) is an Azeri fashion model, based in Turkey.	Nigar Talibova	Turkey
country of citizenship	Shang-Chi was born in the Hunan province of the People's Republic of China, and is the son of Fu Manchu, the Chinese mastermind who has repeatedly attempted world conquest and had a thirst for blood.	Shang-Chi	People's Republic of China
country of citizenship	François Gendron (born November 3, 1944 in Val-Paradis, Quebec) is a politician and teacher in Quebec, Canada.	François Gendron	Canada
country of citizenship	Queen Hetepheres I was a Queen of Egypt during the 4th dynasty.	Hetepheres I	Egypt
country of citizenship	Tekendra Prasad Bhatt (Nepali: टेकेन्द्र प्रसाद भट्ट) is a Nepalese politician, belonging to the Communist Party of Nepal (Maoist).	Tekendra Prasad Bhatt	Nepal
country of citizenship	Thomas Sanon (born 8 September 1947) is a Burkinabé politician and former diplomat who has been President of the Economic and Social Council of Burkina Faso since 2003.	Thomas Sanon	Burkina Faso
country of citizenship	Abdulmumini Hassan Rafindadi (born 15 January 1957) is a Nigerian professor of pathology, educational administrator, and incumbent vice chancellor of Federal University, Lokoja, located in Lokoja, Kogi State, Nigeria.	Abdulmumini Hassan Rafindadi	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Jamahl Lolesi (born 20 March 1981 in Auckland, New Zealand) is a former professional rugby league footballer of the 2000s and 2010s.	Jamahl Lolesi	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Johanna Holmström (born 1981) is a Finland-Swedish author.	Johanna Holmström	Finland
country of citizenship	In 2009/2010, Theo Verbey was Composer-in-Residence of the Brabant Philharmonic Orchestra, based in Eindhoven, the Netherlands.	Theo Verbey	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Carl Friedrich Echtermeier, the son of a plasterer in Kassel, Germany, learnt the basics of his craft at his father's workshop.	Carl Friedrich Echtermeier	Germany
country of citizenship	His Lordship, Hon. Justice Samuel Eson Johnson Ecoma (aka Hon. Justice S. E. J. Ecoma), born in Itigidi, Abi Local Government Area of Cross River State, Nigeria, was the first legal practitioner from Itigidi.	Samuel Eson Johnson Ecoma	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Dharma Sila Chapagain (Nepali: धर्मशीला चापागाईं) is a Nepalese politician, belonging to the Communist Party of Nepal (Maoist).	Dharma Sila Chapagain	Nepal
country of citizenship	Jürgen Wullenwever (c. 1492 -- 29 September 1537) was burgomaster of Lübeck from 1533 to 1535, a period of religious, political and trade turmoil.	Jürgen Wullenwever	Lübeck
country of citizenship	Ali Squalli Houssaini (born in Fez in 1932) was the author of the lyrics of the National anthem of Morocco, Hymne Chérifien, in 1970.	Ali Squalli Houssaini	Morocco
country of citizenship	Oh Sang-mi, better known as Sam Oh (born January 15, 1980 in South Korea), is a television host and a Korean expatriate who has been living in the Philippines for 20 years.	Sam Oh	South Korea
country of citizenship	Guðmundur Arason (1161 -- March 16, 1237) was an influential 12th and 13th century Icelandic saintly bishop who took part in increasing the powers of the Catholic Church in medieval Iceland.	Guðmundur Arason	Iceland
country of citizenship	Robert Hockin (1846 -- May 1, 1925) was a political figure in Nova Scotia, Canada.	Robert Hockin	Canada
country of citizenship	Ahmadjan Khasan (born 2 June 1957) is a former Afghanistan wrestler, who competed at the 1980 Summer Olympic Games in the middleweight event.	Ahmadjan Khasan	Afghanistan
country of citizenship	Dayan Khan (Mongolian: Даян Хаан) (given name: Batumöngke; 1464--1517/1543) was a Mongol khan who reunited the Mongols under Chinggisid supremacy in the Northern Yuan dynasty based in Mongolia.	Dayan Khan	Mongolia
country of citizenship	Wim Eyckmans (born 23 March 1973, Herentals, Belgium) is a Belgian racecar driver who starting in karting in 1986 has been in prototype racing since 2003.	Wim Eyckmans	Belgium
country of citizenship	Ashmith Kunder is a film editor from India.	Ashmith Kunder	India
country of citizenship	Wilhelm Kuhe (10 December 1823 - 8 October 1912) was a German pianist and piano teacher, composer and administrator born in the city of Prague (modern-day Czech Republic), in the first half of the nineteenth-century.	Wilhelm Kuhe	Czech Republic
country of citizenship	Anton Josef Gruscha, S.T.D. (3 November 1820, Vienna -- 5 August 1911, Schloss Kranichberg, Lower Austria) was a Cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church and was Archbishop of Vienna.	Anton Josef Gruscha	Austria
country of citizenship	Thor Philip Axel Jensen (3 December 1863 -- 12 September 1947) was a Danish entrepreneur who moved to Iceland at an early age and became famous there for his business activities during the first half of the twentieth century: he all but introduced big business, and even modern capitalism, to the country.	Thor Philip Axel Jensen	Iceland
country of citizenship	Steve O'Connor played 290 games in the Australian National Soccer League (NSL) and represented Australia in the national team with 44 Socceroo appearances.	Steve O'Connor	Australia
country of citizenship	Johnny Alf (b. Alfredo José da Silva) was born on the 19th of May 1929, in Vila Isabel, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.	Johnny Alf	Brazil
country of citizenship	Richard Costain (1839--1902) was the founder of Costain Group, one of the United Kingdom's largest construction businesses.	Richard Costain	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	Zenisha Moktan (Nepali: जेनिशा मोक्तान) is a Nepalese model who won the Miss Nepal beauty pageant in September 2009.	Zenisha Moktan	Nepal
country of citizenship	Steve Skinnon (born 27 November 1976) is a New Zealand rugby footballer who played rugby union for Wellington and Hawkes Bay in the National Provincial Championship and rugby league for the Sydney Roosters and South Sydney Rabbitohs in the National Rugby League.	Steve Skinnon	New Zealand
country of citizenship	As Kong Le's subordinates became increasingly dissatisfied, and FAN units began to mutiny, he was forced to leave Laos on 17 October 1966.	Kong Le	Laos
country of citizenship	Ahmed Mohamed Iman (Somali: Axmed Maxamed Iimaan) is a Director General of the Fisheries, Marine Resources and Environment Sector of the Ministry of the National Resources of Somalia.	Ahmed Mohamed Iman	Somalia
country of citizenship	Sheila Baxter (born 1933) is an anti-poverty activist who has written several books about poverty and mental illness in Canada.	Sheila Baxter	Canada
country of citizenship	Stevie Nicholson (born 30 December 1983 in Melbourne, Australia) is an Australian Actor, Singer, Dancer, and current member of the children's entertainment group Hi-5.	Stevie Nicholson	Australia
country of citizenship	Rigoberto Chang Castillo (b. 1 May 1950 in Tegucigalpa) is a Honduran lawyer and politician, currently serves as Secretary of the National Congress of Honduras after being elected representing the National Party of Honduras for Francisco Morazán.	Rigoberto Chang Castillo	Honduras
country of citizenship	Elin Wägner was born in Lund, Sweden as the daughter of a school principal, Wägner was only 3 years old when her mother died.	Elin Wägner	Sweden
country of citizenship	Mark De Bie (born 5 February 1939, in Aalst, Belgium) is a retired Belgian television writer.	Mark De Bie	Belgium
country of citizenship	Walter Carvalho (born 1947 in João Pessoa, Paraíba, Brazil) is a critically and internationally acclaimed Brazilian cinematographer.	Walter Carvalho	Brazil
country of citizenship	Thomas O'Driscoll (1838--1891) was a New Zealand hotel-keeper and political agitator.	Thomas O'Driscoll	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Daniel McAlister (born 22 August 1978 in New Zealand) is an Australian rules footballer notable for his brief appearance in the Australian Football League for the Essendon Football Club.	Daniel McAlister	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Frida Stéenhoff was a leading central figure for the free love movement in Sweden, for sex and romance without marriage and birth control, and critical toward the institution of marriage, subjects for which she became controversially known by her debut novel:	Frida Stéenhoff	Sweden
country of citizenship	Han Chae-young was born as Kim Ji-young in Daegu, South Korea, but her family soon immigrated to the United States and she spent her childhood years in a Chicago suburb, where she attended Glenbrook South High School.	Han Chae-young	South Korea
country of citizenship	Hemant Khandelwal (9 September 1964 -- ) was a member of the 14th Lok Sabha of India.	Hemant Khandelwal	India
country of citizenship	Gerard de Rooy (born June 21, 1980 in Eindhoven, Netherlands) is a Dutch truck racer, best known for participating in the Dakar Rally.	Gerard de Rooy	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Dr Nandini Mundkur is one of India's developmental paediatricians who has done pioneering work in the field of early detection and intervention services for developmental disorders	Nandini Mundkur	India
country of citizenship	Mahinārangi Tocker MNZM (1955 -- 15 April 2008) was a singer-songwriter from New Zealand.	Mahinārangi Tocker	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Ingrid Lorentzen has served on the Arts Council Norway and on the Council's Dance Committee.	Ingrid Lorentzen	Norway
country of citizenship	Jakob Martin Strid (born 1972) is a Danish cartoonist, who is known throughout Denmark for his successful series Strid in the Danish newspaper Politiken.	Jakob Martin Strid	Denmark
country of citizenship	Aleksandr Ivanovich Korolyov (Aлексáндр Ивáнович Королёв) Polish: (Alexander Korołiow) is a Transnistrian politician born in Wrocław, Poland on 24 October 1958 (or in 1955).	Aleksandr Ivanovich Korolyov	Poland
country of citizenship	Jon Beekhuis (/ˌjɒn ˈbiːkəs/; born March 31, 1960) is a former race car driver from Zurich, Switzerland.	Jon Beekhuis	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Kim Ashfield (born 5 January 1959) is a former model from Wales who was Miss United Kingdom in 1980.	Kim Ashfield	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	Michel Villedo (1598--1667) was a French stonemason from Creuse, who became advisor and architect of royal buildings for Louis XIV of France.	Michel Villedo	France
country of citizenship	Sophie Jordier (born in France on 4 January 1979), better known by her stage name Lynnsha, is a French R'n'B singer of Martinique origin.	Lynnsha	France
country of citizenship	Thom Barron (born March 27, 1971, in Germany), is the stage name of a gay pornographic film actor; he is considered to be Germany's best-known international gay pornographic film actor.	Thom Barron	Germany
country of citizenship	Learmonth White Dalrymple (c.1827--26 August 1906) was a New Zealand educationalist who campaigned for girls' secondary education in Dunedin and for women to be admitted to the University of Otago.	Learmonth White Dalrymple	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Roman Pivarník (born 17 February 1967) is a football manager and former player from Slovakia and currently manager of Bohemians 1905.	Roman Pivarník	Slovakia
country of citizenship	Antonio Escobar was born in Pamplona, Navarre, Spain, raised in Malaga and is of Andalusian descent.	Antonio Escobar	Spain
country of citizenship	The Ga carpenter and fantasy coffin artist Daniel Mensah, called also Hello, works as an independent artist and carpenter in Teshie, Greater Accra Region, Ghana.	Daniel Mensah	Ghana
country of citizenship	Dominika Červenková (born May 18, 1988 in České Budějovice) is a rhythmic gymnast from Czech Republic, who participated in 2004 Athens Olympic Games.	Dominika Červenková	Czech Republic
country of citizenship	Friedel Dzubas (April 20, 1915 in Berlin, Germany -- 1994 in New York) was a German-born American abstract painter.	Friedel Dzubas	Germany
country of citizenship	In 1997, the Ministry of Youth and Sports of Romania retroactively awarded Cornel Vena the title of Master of Sports.	Cornel Vena	Romania
country of citizenship	A school in Delvine was renamed in the 2000s as Kadri Gjata and in 2003 he was awarded posthumously with the medal Honour of the Nation (Nderi i Kombit), one of the highest medals of Albania.	Kadri Gjata	Albania
country of citizenship	Næstved was also the abode of noble woman Anna Gøye, who owned one of Denmark's largest libraries to which she gave Peder Syv access.	Peder Syv	Denmark
country of citizenship	Simon Grigg (born 1955) is a New Zealand music businessman, writer, broadcaster, publisher, producer, DJ and archivist.	Simon Grigg	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Petr Vaclav (born 11 June 1967) is a Czech film director and screenwriter whose films have received many awards, both in the Czech Republic and internationally.	Petr Vaclav	Czech Republic
country of citizenship	Deepack (Frank Pechler & Marcel Van Der Zwan) is a hardstyle act from the Netherlands.	Deepack	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Rishikesh Gautam (Nepali: हृषिकेश गौतम) (born in 1941) was a politician from Nepal.	Rishikesh Gautam	Nepal
country of citizenship	Jörg Stübner (born 23 July 1965 in Freiberg) is a former German footballer who amassed 47 international caps for East Germany.	Jörg Stübner	East Germany
country of citizenship	Luís Roberto Barroso (born March 11, 1958, in the city of Vassouras) is a Brazilian Professor, Jurist and judge of the Supreme Federal Court of Brazil.	Luís Roberto Barroso	Brazil
country of citizenship	Hildegard Westerkamp (born April 8, 1946, in Osnabrück, Germany) is a Canadian composer, radio artist, teacher and sound ecologist of German origin.	Hildegard Westerkamp	Germany
country of citizenship	Born in Buenos Aires, Argentina, Norberto Longo primarily provided Spanish-language commentary of soccer matches.	Norberto Longo	Argentina
country of citizenship	Robert Ihly (born May 5, 1963 in Asbest, Soviet Union) is a retired race walker from Germany, who was one of the nation's leading athletes in race walking in the 1990s.	Robert Ihly	Germany
country of citizenship	Chaudhary Charan Singh (23 December 1902 -- 29 May 1987) was the Prime Minister of the Republic of India, serving from 28 July 1979 until 14 January 1980.	Charan Singh	India
country of citizenship	Emmanuel Andrews Samini (born 22 December 1981 in Accra, Ghana), known by his stage name Samini (formerly as Batman Samini), is a Ghanaian Reggae and Dancehall recording artiste from Wa, Ghana.	Samini	Ghana
country of citizenship	Hellmuth Stachel (born October 6, 1942 in Graz, Austria) is an Austrian mathematician, a Professor of Geometry at the Technical University of Vienna, who is known due to his contributions to geometry, kinematics and computer-aided design.	Hellmuth Stachel	Austria
country of citizenship	José Oliveira de Souza (born March 19, 1978 in Pedra Branca) - known in Brazil as Gerry - is a Brazilian football striker, currently playing for Đồng Tâm Long An F.C. in the V-League.	José Oliveira de Souza	Brazil
country of citizenship	Justice Mahavir Singh (1920--1997) was a justice, an authority of law and social reformer of India.	Mahavir Singh	India
country of citizenship	Yngvar Numme (born 1 October 1944 in Skien, Norway) is a Norwegian singer, actor, revue writer and director.	Yngvar Numme	Norway
country of citizenship	The Congregation of the Sisters of the Catholic Apostolate, commonly referred to as Pallottines, is an international community founded in Rome, Italy by St. Vincent Pallotti.	Vincent Pallotti	Italy
country of citizenship	Mukhsin Mukhamadiev (born 21 October 1966) is a football manager and former player who currently manages the Tajikistan national team.	Mukhsin Mukhamadiev	Tajikistan
country of citizenship	Kashiwado Tsuyoshi (柏戸 剛, November 29, 1938 - December 8, 1996) was a sumo wrestler from Japan.	Kashiwado Tsuyoshi	Japan
country of citizenship	Tatiana Silva Braga Tavares (born 5 February 1985) is a Belgian model who was crowned Miss Belgium in 2005.	Tatiana Silva	Belgium
country of citizenship	Erica Andrews was born Eddie Salazar on September 30, 1969 in Allende, Nuevo León, Mexico.	Erica Andrews	Mexico
country of citizenship	Maryam Babangida (1 November 1948 -- 27 December 2009) was the wife of General Ibrahim Badamasi Babangida, who was Nigeria's head of state from 1985 to 1993.	Maryam Babangida	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Dr. Diwan Rahul Nanda is the Global Chairman of TOPSGRUP, the second-largest security services provider in India with close to 85,000 employees.	Diwan Rahul Nanda	India
country of citizenship	Marianne Buggenhagen (born 26 May 1953) is a Paralympian athlete from Germany competing mainly in throwing events.	Marianne Buggenhagen	Germany
country of citizenship	In late 1930's Sat-Okh and his mother moved to Poland.	Sat-Okh	Poland
country of citizenship	Tadhg Slattery is a paralympic swimmer from South Africa competing mainly in category SB5 events.	Tadhg Slattery	South Africa
country of citizenship	Kivi Larmola (born 1966 in Helsinki, Finland) is a Finnish comics artist, illustrator, translator, freelance journalist and a musician.	Kivi Larmola	Finland
country of citizenship	Rony Padilla is a Christian music singer, musician, composer and worship leader from Honduras, Central America.	Rony Padilla	Honduras
country of citizenship	David Harland (born 28 September 1962 in Wellington) is a New Zealand diplomat.	David Harland	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Eileen Barnes (1876 - 1956) was a notable and highly acclaimed botanical artist, well known for her definitive and accurate depictions of Ireland's plant life.	Eileen Barnes	Ireland
country of citizenship	Mohammad Mofatteh (Persian: محمد مفتح‎‎‎; 1928--1979) was an Iranian philosopher, born in Famenin, Iran.	Mohammad Mofatteh	Iran
country of citizenship	Lai Kew Chai (Chinese: 黎嘉才; pinyin: Lí Jiācái; 7 February 1941 -- 27 February 2006) was a Malaysia-born Singaporean judge and the longest-serving member of the Supreme Court Bench, having served for almost 25 years as a Judge.	Lai Kew Chai	Malaysia
country of citizenship	Galymbek Zhumatov (kaz Ğalımbek Sağımbaýulı Jumatov, Ғалымбек Сағымбайұлы Жұматов, rus Жуматов Галымбек Сагимбаевич born 15 October 1952 in Ulguli, Kazakhstan) kazakh writer, poet.	Galymbek Zhumatov	Kazakhstan
country of citizenship	Ashwin Madia's parents moved to America from Mumbai, India.	Ashwin Madia	India
country of citizenship	During World War II (1939--45), from September 1940 Amédée Dunois organized the underground activity of the Socialist Party in the occupied zone of France.	Amédée Dunois	France
country of citizenship	Muhammad VI al-Habib (13 August 1858 -- 13 February 1929) (Tunisian Arabic: محمد الحبيب باي‎, Muḥamad el-Ḥabīb Bāy) was the ruler of Tunisia from 10 July 1922 until 11 February 1929.	Muhammad VI al-Habib	Tunisia
country of citizenship	Wilhelm Simon was born in the city of Wuppertal in the Ruhr district of Germany on April 23, 1900.	Wilhelm Simon	Germany
country of citizenship	Huang Yu-chun (born 16 November 1939 in Shantou, Republic of China), known by her final stage name Ivy Ling Po, is a retired Hong Kong actress and Chinese opera singer.	Ivy Ling Po	Hong Kong
country of citizenship	Haldun Alagaş (November 16, 1970 in Izmit, Turkey) is a Turkish karateka competing in the kumite -70 kg division.	Haldun Alagaş	Turkey
country of citizenship	Klaus Mietusch was born on 5 August 1918 in Posen in the Province of Posen, a Prussian province in the German Empire, today it is Poznań in the west-central region of Poland.	Klaus Mietusch	Poland
country of citizenship	Ireen Sheer (born 25 February 1949, Billericay, Essex, England) is a German-British pop singer, who has competed in several Eurovision Song Contests over the past four decades.	Ireen Sheer	England
country of citizenship	Steven Goaxab (born 16 October 1983) is a Namibian footballer with Orlando Pirates F.C. Windhoek in the Namibia Premier League.	Steven Goaxab	Namibia
country of citizenship	Nicolas Hotman (ca. 1610--1663) was a Baroque composer, who spent most of his career in France.	Nicolas Hotman	France
country of citizenship	November 27, 2013, launched 2 business author TV projects ``New Technologies'' and ``Business and Media with Tatiana Vishnevskaya'' on PRO Business TV Channel, Moscow, Russia.	Tatiana Vishnevskaya	Russia
country of citizenship	Thích Trí Quang (born 1924) is a Vietnamese Mahayana Buddhist monk best known for his role in leading South Vietnam's Buddhist population during the Buddhist crisis in 1963.	Thích Trí Quang	Vietnam
country of citizenship	Peter Hambleton (born 1960) is a New Zealand stage, film and television actor, and stage director.	Peter Hambleton	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Sir James Sands Elliott (28 May 1880--26 October 1959) was a New Zealand doctor, editor, medical administrator and writer.	James Sands Elliott	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Michel Nack Balokog (born September 10, 1986 in Douala, Cameroon) is a Cameroonian Midfielder whose last known club wasRavan Baku in the Azerbaijan Premier League.	Michel Nack Balokog	Cameroon
country of citizenship	Cheick Modibo Diarra (born 1953) is a Malian astrophysicist, businessman, and politician who was acting Prime Minister of Mali from April 2012 to December 2012.	Cheick Modibo Diarra	Mali
country of citizenship	Louis Évely (1910--1985) was a Christian spiritual writer from Belgium.	Louis Évely	Belgium
country of citizenship	Rai Sahib Karam Chand Jain was the first Legal Advisor of the War & Supply Department of India and Special Police Establishment (SPE), which later developed into the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI).	Karam Chand Jain	India
country of citizenship	Markus Hiden (February 4, 1978 in Voitsberg, Austria) is an Austrian professional footballer.	Markus Hiden	Austria
country of citizenship	Elena Ferretti (born 1960 in San Donato Milanese, Italy), better known as Sophie or Rose, is an Italian Eurobeat and Italo disco singer.	Elena Ferretti	Italy
country of citizenship	Paul Frère (30 January 1917 -- 23 February 2008) was a racing driver and journalist from Belgium.	Paul Frère	Belgium
country of citizenship	Paul Giudicelli Palmieri (1921--1965) was an abstract painter from the Dominican Republic.	Paul Giudicelli	Dominican Republic
country of citizenship	Andrzej Bemer (German: Andreas Bemer; died ca. 1626) was a 17th-century sculptor and architect, active in Poland and in Silesia, probably of German or Czech ancestry.	Andrzej Bemer	Poland
country of citizenship	Joannis Vislicensis (Jan Vislicki, Belarusian: Ян Ві́сьліцкі; ca. 1485/90--1520) was a medieval author of epic poetry in the Grand Duchy of Lithuania and Kingdom of Poland, a representative of the new Latin branch of poetry.	Joannis Vislicensis	Poland
country of citizenship	Elisabeth Spiro Klossowski pursued her own artistic career under the name Baladine Klossowska; she preferred life in France and lived there through much of her later life.	Baladine Klossowska	France
country of citizenship	Luisa Ottolini (born July 10, 1954, in Tortona, province of Alessandria, Italy) is an Italian physicist.	Luisa Ottolini	Italy
country of citizenship	Mirshahin Agayev Mirdilaver oglu (Azerbaijani: Mirşahin Ağayev Mirdilavər oğlu) (born 1963 in Yardimli, Azerbaijan) also known as simply Mir Shahin (Azerbaijani: Mir Şahin) is a journalist and reporter during the Nagorno-Karabakh conflict.	Mirshahin Agayev	Azerbaijan
country of citizenship	Colonel George Clingan (March 28, 1868--January 24, 1944) was a physician, soldier and politician in Manitoba, Canada.	George Clingan	Canada
country of citizenship	Erhard Geißler (* 17 December 1930 in Leipzig, Germany) is a German biologist and geneticist.	Erhard Geißler	Germany
country of citizenship	Gorana Matić (born October 24, 1973) is a Croatian tennis player that played for Yugoslavia and Croatia.	Gorana Matić	Croatia
country of citizenship	Humberto Castro (born Humberto Jesús Castro García in 1957 in Havana, Cuba) is an important Cuban painter.	Humberto Castro	Cuba
country of citizenship	Pete Namlook (born 25 November 1960 as Peter Kuhlmann (ˈkuːlmaːn) in Frankfurt, Germany, died on 8 November 2012) was an ambient and electronic-music producer and composer.	Pete Namlook	Germany
country of citizenship	Lieutenant General Nikos Papagiannopoulos (Greek: Νίκος Παπαγιαννόπουλος, born in 1956, in Aetolia-Acarnania, Greece) is the Chief of the Hellenic Police since October 2011.	Nikos Papagiannopoulos	Greece
country of citizenship	Kimberley Busteed (born 4 June 1986) is an Australian beauty pageant titleholder who won Miss Universe Australia 2007 and represented Australia in the 2007 Miss Universe pageant.	Kimberley Busteed	Australia
country of citizenship	Henry John Matthews (19 September 1859--1909) was a New Zealand nurseryman and forester .	Henry John Matthews	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Niconnor Alexander (born 4 February 1977 in San Fernando) is a sprinter from Trinidad and Tobago who specialized in the 100 metres.	Niconnor Alexander	Trinidad and Tobago
country of citizenship	Michael Keiner (born February 8, 1959 in Wetzlar, Germany) is a German poker player best known for winning a Seven-card stud WSOP bracelet in 2007.	Michael Keiner	Germany
country of citizenship	Clifford Hugh Dowker grew up on a small farm in Western Ontario, Canada.	Clifford Hugh Dowker	Canada
country of citizenship	Simon Baron-Cohen FBA (born 15 August 1958) is Professor of Developmental psychopathology at the University of Cambridge in the United Kingdom.	Simon Baron-Cohen	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	Gaby Kerpel is a composer born and raised in Argentina.	Gaby Kerpel	Argentina
country of citizenship	Paco Lala's (born Francisco René Anaya on July 22, 1973 in Ciudad Juárez, Mexico) is a Mexican TV host who is remembered because of his participation on the famous Mexican TV show ``Cada Mañana'' from 2000 to 2005.	Paco Lala's	Mexico
country of citizenship	Christophe Soumillon (born 4 June 1981 in Schaerbeek, Belgium) is a Belgian Thoroughbred horse racing jockey.	Christophe Soumillon	Belgium
country of citizenship	Carl Gustaf Roos participated in Charles XI of Sweden's war against Denmark.	Carl Gustaf Roos	Sweden
country of citizenship	Amy Hudson (born 5 February 1916 in Sydney, Australia - died August 2003) was an Australian cricket player.	Amy Hudson	Australia
country of citizenship	Hans-Jürgen Stöckmann (8 January 1945 in Göttingen, Lower Saxony, Germany) is a German physicist who works in the area of quantum chaos.	Hans-Jürgen Stöckmann	Germany
country of citizenship	Walter Hörmann (born 13 September 1961) is a former Austria international footballer and a football coach.	Walter Hörmann	Austria
country of citizenship	Ethel May Jacobson (6 September 1877--14 June 1965) was a New Zealand teacher, newspaper editor and manager, journalist .	Ethel May Jacobson	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Jacques Géry (12 March 1917, Paris -- 15 June 2007, Sarlat, France) was a French ichthyologist.	Jacques Géry	France
country of citizenship	Cathrin Skoog (born 1987, in Nälden, Sweden) is a Swedish model and call-centre agent.	Cathrin Skoog	Sweden
country of citizenship	Yat Hwaidi (Thai: ญาติ ไหวดี; rtgs: Yat Wai-di) was a Khmer politician, born in Surin province, Thailand.	Yat Hwaidi	Thailand
country of citizenship	Sarach Yooyen (Thai: สารัช อยู่เย็น), simply known as Tang (Thai: ตัง), is a professional footballer from Thailand.	Sarach Yooyen	Thailand
country of citizenship	Faiz Ahmad (1946 -- November 12, 1986) (Persian: فیض احمد‎‎) was the founding leader of the Afghanistan Liberation Organization (ALO), a Marxist-Leninist organization established in Kabul.	Faiz Ahmad	Afghanistan
country of citizenship	Loris Baz (born 1 February 1993) is a motorcycle racer from France, who races in MotoGP for the Avintia Racing team.	Loris Baz	France
country of citizenship	Nikola Paunović (Serbian Cyrillic: Никола Пауновић; born 25 July 1985, in Kragujevac, Serbia) is a Serbian singer and television personality.	Nikola Paunović	Serbia
country of citizenship	Daughter of Catalan artists who moved to Cuba, Olga Guillot and her family moved to Havana, Cuba when she was a small child.	Olga Guillot	Cuba
country of citizenship	Bo John Fredrik Warg (born May 3, 1979 in Skellefteå, Sweden) is a retired forward who last played for the ERC Ingolstadt hockey team in Austria.	Fredrik Warg	Sweden
country of citizenship	Juthika Roy (20 April 1920 -- 5 February 2014) was a bhajan (devotional) singer from India.	Juthika Roy	India
country of citizenship	Dumitru Berciu was governor of National Bank of Romania between 1934 and 1944 and the director of the Romanian Institute of Thracology in Bucharest after 1948.	Dumitru Berciu	Romania
country of citizenship	Norah Nelson Napaljarri (born 26 October 1956) is a Warlpiri-speaking Indigenous artist from Australia's Western Desert region.	Norah Nelson Napaljarri	Australia
country of citizenship	Rafał Stradomski (born 13 October 1958 in Warsaw, Poland) - Polish composer of contemporary classical music, pianist, and writer.	Rafał Stradomski	Poland
country of citizenship	Pia Arcangel-Halili (born December 8, 1978) is a television newscaster and journalist in the Philippines.	Pia Arcangel	Philippines
country of citizenship	Frank Lieberam (born 17 December 1962 in Halberstadt, Germany) is a former footballer and manager.	Frank Lieberam	Germany
country of citizenship	Kamal Siegel (b. 1978 in Punta Arenas, Chile) is a Chilean musician and digital artist.	Kamal Siegel	Chile
country of citizenship	Craig Ireson (born in Manukau, New Zealand 1976) is a Wellington-based, New Zealand performance poet, also known as The Karaoke Poet.	Craig Ireson	New Zealand
country of citizenship	William S. Heckscher (1904--1999) was a prominent German art historian and professor of fine art and art history at universities in the United States, Canada, and the Netherlands.	William S. Heckscher	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Adam Fulara (born 1977 in Ostrzeszów, Poland) is a Polish guitarist who specialises in two-handed polyphonic tapping.	Adam Fulara	Poland
country of citizenship	Jorge Jurado García (born September 22, 1995, in Madrid, Spain) is Spanish actor, who is well-known of his portrayals in television series Los Serrano and 2007 film Goal! 2:	Jorge Jurado	Spain
country of citizenship	Benjamin Heisenberg was born in Tübingen, Germany to Martin Heisenberg and Apollonia, Countess of Eulenburg.	Benjamin Heisenberg	Germany
country of citizenship	Te Kiore Paremata Te Wahapiro (fl. 1822--1845) was a New Zealand tribal leader.	Te Kiore Paremata Te Wahapiro	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Jean-Claude Pirotte was born in Namur a couple of months after the German army had invaded and occupied Belgium.	Jean-Claude Pirotte	Belgium
country of citizenship	Leif Juster (born Leif Normann Nilsen) (14 February 1910 -- 25 November 1995) was a Norwegian comedian, singer and actor, arguably the most popular of his generation in Norway.	Leif Juster	Norway
country of citizenship	Ernst Didring (18 October 1868 -- 13 October 1931) was an early 20th-century author who wrote mainly of life in his home country of Sweden.	Ernst Didring	Sweden
country of citizenship	Simone Cantoni (Muggio, Switzerland, 1736- Milan, Italy, 3 March 1818) was a Swiss architect of the Neoclassical period, active mainly in Northern Italy.	Simone Cantoni	Switzerland
country of citizenship	James Henry Ashdown (31 March 1844 -- 5 April 1924), the ``Merchant Prince of Winnipeg'', arrived in Winnipeg, Canada, in 1868 and at that time began his business as a tinsmith.	James Henry Ashdown	Canada
country of citizenship	Sif Aradóttir (born c. 1985) was Ungfrú Ísland or Miss Iceland in 2006.	Sif Aradóttir	Iceland
country of citizenship	Rodolfo Blanco is a former boxer from Colombia who held the International Boxing Federation (IBF) flyweight title in 1992.	Rodolfo Blanco	Colombia
country of citizenship	Flynn Gower was born in 1972 in Sydney, Australia, and is the oldest of 3 children.	Flynn Gower	Australia
country of citizenship	In the months leading up to Cambodia's 2008 General Election, Tuot Saron and three colleagues were allegedly asked to protect an SRP candidate, Tim Norn, who had come under pressure to join the ruling Cambodian People's Party (CPP).	Tuot Saron	Cambodia
country of citizenship	Detlef Weigel (born 1961 in Lower Saxony, Germany) is a German American scientist working at the interface of developmental and evolutionary biology.	Detlef Weigel	Germany
country of citizenship	The Mighty Pope (born Earle Heedram, October 23, 1945) is a Jamaican-Canadian singer, recording act, and the first Afro-Canadian solo artist to release a major label long playing album, making him Canada's first established urban artist.	The Mighty Pope	Canada
country of citizenship	Seeket Madputeh (Thai: ซีเกต หมาดปูเต๊ะ; born 9 March 1989), simply known as Ket (Thai: เกต), is a professional footballer from Thailand.	Seeket Madputeh	Thailand
country of citizenship	Édgar Silva (born Édgar Arturo Silva Loáiciga on October, 1967 in Liberia, Guanacaste) is a Costa Rican journalist who works for Teletica, the largest TV station in Costa Rica.	Édgar Silva	Costa Rica
country of citizenship	Francesco Ruggiero (August 1957 in Italy -- January 2007 in Switzerland) participated in the commissioning of LEP, contributed to the LHC design, became the leader of the accelerator group in CERN and finally coordinated the CARE-HHH framework devoted to the LHC upgrade studies (or Super Large Hadron Collider).	Francesco Ruggiero	Italy
country of citizenship	Lindsay Daen (1923--2001), was a New Zealand sculptor and artist who worked and resided in Puerto Rico.	Lindsay Daen	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Fawaz Al-Shammari (born 3 April 1977 in Kuwait City) is a Kuwaiti hurdler.	Fawaz Al-Shammari	Kuwait
country of citizenship	David Conyers (born Sydney, Australia, 30 May 1971) is an Australian author.	David Conyers	Australia
country of citizenship	Pablo Leguizamón Arce (born 5 October 1982 in Asunción, Paraguay), is a Paraguayan footballer who currently plays for Hong Kong First Division League club Happy Valley on loan from Primera B Nacional club Colegiales.	Pablo Leguizamón Arce	Paraguay
country of citizenship	Donald Dickie (born 8 May 1972 in New Zealand) is a former professional Australian rules footballer notable for his brief appearance in the Australian Football League for the Port Adelaide Football Club.	Donald Dickie	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Davorin Savnik (7 September 1929 -- 14 April 2014) was an industrial designer and architect from Slovenia.	Davorin Savnik	Slovenia
country of citizenship	Raghubar Das (born 3 May 1955) is currently chief minister of Jharkhand state of India.	Raghubar Das	India
country of citizenship	Domenico Corcione (born 20 April 1929) is a former Italian military staff and defense minister of Italy.	Domenico Corcione	Italy
country of citizenship	Jean François Ondo (born 1916, date of death unknown) was the foreign minister of Gabon for a period in 1963.	Jean François Ondo	Gabon
country of citizenship	Heli Järvinen (born May 31, 1963 in Tampere) is a Finnish politician for the Green League, representing the South Savo constituency from 2007 to 2011 and the Southeastern Finland constituency since 2015.	Heli Järvinen	Finland
country of citizenship	Saiyid Nurul Hasan (1921-1993) was an Indian historian and an elder statesman in the Government of India.	Saiyid Nurul Hasan	India
country of citizenship	Mohamed Rished Abdallah (born March 28, 1952) was a Member of Parliament in the National Assembly of Tanzania.	Mohamed Rished Abdallah	Tanzania
country of citizenship	Nicelde Soares Magalhães, known as Glória Menezes, (born October 19, 1934 in Pelotas, Rio Grande do Sul, Brazil) is a Brazilian actress.	Glória Menezes	Brazil
country of citizenship	Pandit Laxmi Ganesh Tewari (born 8 September 1938) is a renowned Hindustani vocalist from India.	Laxmi Ganesh Tewari	India
country of citizenship	Dylan Armstrong (born January 15, 1981) is a Canadian shot putter born and raised in Kamloops, British Columbia, Canada.	Dylan Armstrong	Canada
country of citizenship	Malik Mohammad Qayyum (born January 18, 1944), Senior Advocate Supreme Court, is the former Attorney General of Pakistan, who was replaced with Senator Latif Khosa when President Pervez Musharraf resigned on 18 August 2008.	Malik Mohammad Qayyum	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Leonard Covello was born Leonardo Coviello in 1887 at Avigliano, in the Basilicata region of southern Italy.	Leonard Covello	Italy
country of citizenship	János Baranyai (born June 24, 1984) is a Hungarian weightlifter and a former judo wrestler from Oroszlány, Hungary.	János Baranyai	Hungary
country of citizenship	Sadjad Pourghanad has been a pioneer of online musical activities in the internet in Iran ever since 1999 and used to write articles on music.	Sadjad Pourghanad	Iran
country of citizenship	Michael Kohlhase (born 13 September 1964 in Erlangen) is a German computer scientist and professor at Jacobs University, Bremen, Germany, where he is head of the KWARC research group (Knowledge Adaptation and Reasoning for Content) at the School of Engineering and Science.	Michael Kohlhase	Germany
country of citizenship	Anil Srivastava several times participated in interactive sessions with various students of Banaras Hindu University, India.	Anil Srivastava	India
country of citizenship	Dil Bahadur Lama (21 March 1930 -- 25 March 2014), popularly known as DB Lama was a leader of Nepali Congress (Democratic) and former Inspector General of Nepal Police.	Dil Bahadur Lama	Nepal
country of citizenship	Ayatollah Seyyed Mostafa Mohaghegh Damad is an Iranian Shia cleric, and reformist who has been called ``a leading instructor'' in Iran's major seminary city of Qom.	Mostafa Mohaghegh Damad	Iran
country of citizenship	George Binns (6 December 1815--5 April 1847) was a New Zealand chartist leader and poet.	George Binns	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Zbigniew Bujak (born 29 November 1954 in Łopuszno) was an electrician and foreman in 1980 at the Ursus tractor factory near Warsaw, Poland.	Zbigniew Bujak	Poland
country of citizenship	Niranjana Nagarajan (born 9 October 1988 in Madras, Tamil Nadu) is a One Day International cricketer who represents India.	Niranjana Nagarajan	India
country of citizenship	Ogmund Crouchdance (Old Norse Ǫgmund Krøkidans) was a lendmann - a Norwegian noble in the 13th century and Governor of Orkdal under the kings Håkon IV of Norway and Magnus VI of Norway.	Ogmund Crouchdance	Norway
country of citizenship	Stefan Borsch, born 19 January 1947 in Hagfors, Sweden, is a Swedish dansband singer.	Stefan Borsch	Sweden
country of citizenship	Chinedu Ikedieze, MFR (born 12 December 1985 in Bende, Abia State, Nigeria) is a Nigerian actor.	Chinedu Ikedieze	Nigeria
country of citizenship	He is Norway's richest person and his Olav Thon Group is Norway's largest private real estate company, with 450 properties, including 60 hotels.	Olav Thon	Norway
country of citizenship	Gorm Henrik Rasmussen is known in Denmark for a number of books about eccentrics and strange places in the northern part of Jutland where he was born and raised.	Gorm Henrik Rasmussen	Denmark
country of citizenship	Nino Machaidze was born and raised in Tblisi, in the republic of Georgia.	Nino Machaidze	Georgia
country of citizenship	Amina Figarova (born 2 December 1964 in Baku, Azerbaijan) is a jazz composer and jazz pianist.	Amina Figarova	Azerbaijan
country of citizenship	Paul Woodfull (born in 1958 in Dublin, Ireland) is an Irish writer, actor, comedian and musician.	Paul Woodfull	Ireland
country of citizenship	Zouheir Shourbagi was the first ever representative from Syria to compete at the Olympics when he went to the 1948 Summer Olympic Games held in London.	Zouheir Shourbagi	Syria
country of citizenship	Umpai Mutaporn (Thai: อำไพ มุธาพร, born 18 January 1985) is a professional footballer from Thailand.	Umpai Mutaporn	Thailand
country of citizenship	Renzo Fratini was born on 25 April 1944, in Urbisaglia, Italy, and was ordained priest on 6 September 1969 for the Diocese of Macerata-Tolentino.	Renzo Fratini	Italy
country of citizenship	On November 2009, Amauri himself confirmed his decision to play for Italy instead of Brazil, following remarks by Italian striker Giampaolo Pazzini who was critical about the possibility of having a non-Italian born player within the azzurri squad.	Amauri	Brazil
country of citizenship	Norberto Collado Abreu (c. 1921 -- April 2, 2008) was the Cuban captain and helmsman of the yacht Granma, which ferried Fidel Castro and 81 supporters to Cuba from Tuxpan, Veracruz, Mexico, in 1956.	Norberto Collado Abreu	Cuba
country of citizenship	Fredrika Stahl (born 24 October 1984 in Stockholm, Sweden) is a Swedish singer and songwriter signed to Sony Music in France.	Fredrika Stahl	Sweden
country of citizenship	David J. Lockwood is a Canadian physicist and Principal Research Officer at the National Research Council of Canada (NRC).	David J. Lockwood	Canada
country of citizenship	Tereza Kerndlová (born 6 October 1986 in Brno) is a singer in the Czech Republic.	Tereza Kerndlová	Czech Republic
country of citizenship	Marmaduke Grove Vallejo (July 6, 1878 - May 15, 1954), his name erroneously spelled Marmaduque, was a Chilean Air Force officer, political figure and member of the Government Junta of the Socialist Republic of Chile in 1932.	Marmaduke Grove	Chile
country of citizenship	İlter Türkmen (born 8 November 1927 in Istanbul, Turkey) is a Turkish diplomat and politician.	İlter Türkmen	Turkey
country of citizenship	Robert Prygiel (born 14 April 1976) is a former Polish volleyball player, a member of Poland men's national volleyball team in 1996-2007, a participant of the Olympic Games Atlanta 1996, Polish Champion (1997).	Robert Prygiel	Poland
country of citizenship	Roy Blumenthal (born 1968 in Johannesburg, South Africa) has been an active poet since the early 1990s.	Roy Blumenthal	South Africa
country of citizenship	Jacob Mulenga (born February 12, 1984) is a Zambian football striker who currently plays as a striker for Chinese side Shijiazhuang Ever Bright.Well known for his pace and power during his time in Holland he missed out on Zambia's 2012 Africa cup of nations win due to a thigh injury.	Jacob Mulenga	Zambia
country of citizenship	Nathaniel Meyer von Rothschild (26 October 1836 -- 16 June 1905) was a member of the Rothschild banking family of Austria, known as art collector and patron.	Nathaniel Meyer von Rothschild	Austria
country of citizenship	Nigel Spencer is a writer, translator, and professor of English living in Montréal, Quebec, Canada.	Nigel Spencer	Canada
country of citizenship	Tan Pin Pin (Chinese: 陈彬彬; pinyin: Chén Bīnbīn, born 1969) is a Singapore-based film director.	Tan Pin Pin	Singapore
country of citizenship	Oumou Sangaré (born February 25, 1968 in Bamako, Mali) is a Grammy Award-winning Malian Wassoulou musician, sometimes referred to as ``The Songbird of Wassoulou''.	Oumou Sangaré	Mali
country of citizenship	Chris Samojlenko, better known as Anabolic Frolic and Chris Frolic, is a happy hardcore DJ from Canada who is known for the Happy 2b Hardcore CD series and the Hullabaloo! promotion he threw in Toronto, Ontario.	Anabolic Frolic	Canada
country of citizenship	Durlav Kumar Thapa (Nepali: दुर्लभ कुमार थापा) is a retired police chief of Nepal Police.	Durlav Kumar Thapa	Nepal
country of citizenship	Piupiu Te Wherowhero (c. 1886/1887 -- 29 October 1937) was a female leader within the Māori royal family in early 20th century New Zealand.	Piupiu Te Wherowhero	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Tom Belsø (born 27 August 1942 in Copenhagen, Denmark) is a former motor racing driver.	Tom Belsø	Denmark
country of citizenship	William Ryerson (March 31, 1797 -- September 15, 1872) was a Methodist minister and political figure in Canada West.	William Ryerson	Canada
country of citizenship	Davoud Ahmadinejad (born 13 March 1950 in Aradan, Iran) is an Iranian politician and older brother of former Iranian president Mahmoud Ahmadinejad.	Davoud Ahmadinejad	Iran
country of citizenship	Ray Phiri was born near Nelspruit in East Transvaal, now the modern-day Mpumalanga province, in South Africa.	Ray Phiri	South Africa
country of citizenship	Matt Holloway (born 16 January 1985) is New Zealand born rugby union player.	Matt Holloway	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Ram Chandra Paswan (born 1 January 1962) is a member of the 16th Lok Sabha of India.	Ram Chandra Paswan	India
country of citizenship	Bruno Bischofberger (born 1940) is an art dealer and gallerist from Zurich, Switzerland, and a major figure in the international art market for several decades.	Bruno Bischofberger	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Arron Wood (born 1975 in Melbourne, Australia) is an Australian environmental activist and consultant who received the 2006 United Nations Individual Award for Outstanding Service to the Environment.	Arron Wood	Australia
country of citizenship	Breno Coelho is a photographer/cinematographer from Vitoria, ES, Brazil.	Breno Coelho	Brazil
country of citizenship	Nasir bin Murshid (died 14 April 1649) was the founder of the Yaruba dynasty of Imams of Oman, a member of the Ibadi sect.	Nasir bin Murshid	Oman
country of citizenship	Chen Deming (Chinese: 陈德铭; pinyin: Chén Démíng; born 1949) is the current President of Association for Relations Across the Taiwan Straits of the People's Republic of China.	Chen Deming	People's Republic of China
country of citizenship	Martín Hahn (born Martín Enrique Hahn in 1964 in Barinas, Venezuela) is a Venezuelan writer and playwright known for writing mystery and suspense telenovelas.	Martín Hahn	Venezuela
country of citizenship	Juliet Haslam OAM (born 31 May 1969 in Adelaide, South Australia) is a former field hockey defender and midfielder from Australia, who competed in three consecutive Summer Olympics, starting in 1992, for her native country.	Juliet Haslam	Australia
country of citizenship	Bülent Esel (23 July 1927 -- 17 August 2004) was a Turkey international football forward who played for clubs in Turkey and Italy.	Bülent Esel	Turkey
country of citizenship	Clemente Rebora (6 January 1885 -- 1 November 1957) was a poet from Milan, Italy.	Clemente Rebora	Italy
country of citizenship	Michael Fritsch is professor of Economics and Chair of Business Dynamics, Innovation, and Economic Change at the Friedrich Schiller University Jena, Germany.	Michael Fritsch	Germany
country of citizenship	Bakhtiyor Hamidullaev (born 7 March 1978 in Andijan, USSR (now Uzbekistan) is a former Uzbek football player.	Bakhtiyor Hamidullaev	Uzbekistan
country of citizenship	Philippe Mius d’Entremont was born in Normandy, France, and came to Acadia with his family in 1651 as a lieutenant-major with Charles de Saint-Étienne de la Tour, who had been named Governor of Acadia by Louis XIII of France first in 1631, and again by Louis XIV in 1651.	Philippe Mius d’Entremont	France
country of citizenship	Éric Mouquet (born 1960, in Valenciennes, France), is the co-founder of the band Deep Forest.	Éric Mouquet	France
country of citizenship	Oscar Sevrin, born the 22 November 1884 in Neuville-Wanne (Belgium) and dead the 30 April 1975 in Kunkuri, (India), was a Belgian Jesuit priest, missionary in India and successively bishop of Ranchi (Jharkhand) and Raigarh-Ambikapur (Chhattisgarh).	Oscar Sevrin	Belgium
country of citizenship	Horst Kassner was a former Grand Prix motorcycle road racer from Germany.	Horst Kassner	Germany
country of citizenship	Yair Galily (Hebrew: יאיר גלילי, born July 10, 1970) is an applied Israeli sociologist, mass media and management researcher at the Interdisciplinary Center, Herzliya and former Dean of the Zinman College, Wingate Institute, Israel	Yair Galily	Israel
country of citizenship	Dirk Henn (1960--) is a German-style board game designer who was born in Bendorf, Germany Dirk Henn is best known for his game Alhambra, which won the Spiel des Jahres and placed 2nd in the Deutscher Spiele Preis in 2003.	Dirk Henn	Germany
country of citizenship	Giovanni Guidetti (born September 20, 1972 in Modena, Italy) is an Italian volleyball coach.	Giovanni Guidetti	Italy
country of citizenship	Kourosh Khani (born 3 July 1989 in city of Mashhad, Iran) is the first ever and only International Iranian racing driver.	Kourosh Khani	Iran
country of citizenship	In November 1864, Urechia moved to unified Romania's capital, Bucharest, having been granted a seat at the local university's Faculty of Letters, but continued to manage a ``V. A. Urechia Institute'', his private school.	V. A. Urechia	Romania
country of citizenship	Martin Eder's works had been primarily embraced outside of Germany, where he has had numerous successful exhibitions, before receiving widespread notice in his native land.	Martin Eder	Germany
country of citizenship	Phạm Bình Minh (born 26 March 1959) is a Vietnamese politician who has served as Minister of Foreign Affairs of Vietnam since 2011, as well as Deputy Prime Minister since 2013.	Phạm Bình Minh	Vietnam
country of citizenship	Mehdi Zana (born 1940, Silvan) is a former Kurdish politician from Turkey.	Mehdi Zana	Turkey
country of citizenship	Juan Francisco Palencia Hernández (born 28 April 1973 in Mexico City) is a Mexican former football striker, his last club was UNAM.	Francisco Palencia	Mexico
country of citizenship	Francisco Machón Vilanova was a Salvadoran novelist, best known for his work Ola roja, which concerns the role of the indigenous populations of El Salvador that were massacred in the Matanza of 1932.	Francisco Machón Vilanova	El Salvador
country of citizenship	Born in Osnabrück, Germany on September 28, 1935, Inge Schmitz-Feuerhake's research has assessed the biological effects of ionizing radiation at low dosage levels.	Inge Schmitz-Feuerhake	Germany
country of citizenship	Kwanchai Fuangprakob (born May 28, 1978, Thai: ขวัญชัย เฟื่องประกอบ) or the nickname ``Dum'' is a Thai footballer who is playing for Chanthaburi FC as of 2011, and Thailand national team in 1999-2000.	Kwanchai Fuangprakob	Thailand
country of citizenship	Philippe Candeloro was born in Courbevoie, France as the youngest of four children.	Philippe Candeloro	France
country of citizenship	Alberto Jiménez (born April 8, 1969 in Colonia Valle Gómez, Mexico City) was a Mexican boxer in the Lightweight division.	Alberto Jiménez	Mexico
country of citizenship	Sithu Aung (Burmese: စည်သူအောင်; also spelled Si Thu Aung; born 16 October 1996) is a footballer from Myanmar, and a midfielder for Myanmar national football team (MNL) and Yadanarbon.	Sithu Aung	Myanmar
country of citizenship	Julián Trujillo Largacha was a Colombian lawyer, statesman, General of the Army and President of Colombia from 1878 to 1880.	Julián Trujillo Largacha	Colombia
country of citizenship	Ihor Snitko (born 13 August 1978) is a retired freestyle swimmer from Ukraine, who was a specialist in the long-distance events.	Ihor Snitko	Ukraine
country of citizenship	Andrew Dabeka (born October 25, 1981 in Ottawa, Ontario) is badminton coach, and former professional badminton player from Canada.	Andrew Dabeka	Canada
country of citizenship	Kaleemullah Khan (born 1958, in Bahawalpur) is a field hockey player from Pakistan.	Kaleemullah Khan	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Sultanah Helen Ibrahim, also known as Helen Bartholomew (1889-1978), was the third wife of Sultan Sir Ibrahim Iskandar Al-Masyhur ibni Almarhum Sultan Sir Abu Bakar, the 22nd Sultan of Johor, in Malaysia.	Sultanah Helen Ibrahim	Malaysia
country of citizenship	Helmut Janz (April 11, 1934 Gladbeck, Germany - November 19, 2000 Neu-Ulm, Germany) was a German track and field athlete.	Helmut Janz	Germany
country of citizenship	Louise Colet (August 15, 1810 -- March 9, 1876), born Louise Revoil, was a poet born in Aix-en-Provence in France.	Louise Colet	France
country of citizenship	Adhur Gushnasp, known in Armenian sources as Arderveshnasp was a Sasanian commander and the fourth marzban of Persian Armenia from 465 to 481.	Adhur Gushnasp	Armenia
country of citizenship	Edith Alma Eileen Savell (1883--1970) was a notable New Zealand farmer and volunteer nurse.	Edith Alma Eileen Savell	New Zealand
country of citizenship	William Edward Vincent (17 September 1823 -- 22 November 1861) was a New Zealand printer, publisher and publican.	William Edward Vincent	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Manutchehr Salimi Galangaschi was an Iranian politician from north of Iran, Amarlu District.	Manutchehr Salimi	Iran
country of citizenship	Ralph Yirikian (Armenian: Ռալֆ Յիրիկյան) is the General Manager of VivaCell-MTS, a 2005 startup which in the past 9 years has become Armenia's leading mobile operator and one of the top taxpayers.	Ralph Yirikian	Armenia
country of citizenship	Markus Heinsdorff (born 1954 in Steinkirchen, Germany) is a German installation artist working in the areas of design, architecture and photography.	Markus Heinsdorff	Germany
country of citizenship	Sanjay Dina Patil (born 16 January 1969) is an Indian politician and was a member of 15th Lok Sabha from Mumbai North East constituency in Maharashtra state in India.	Sanjay Dina Patil	India
country of citizenship	Bruno Girard (born November 25, 1970 in Blois, France) was a French boxer (187 cm height) at super middleweight and light heavyweight.	Bruno Girard	France
country of citizenship	Nellie Euphemia Coad (15 October 1883--6 September 1974) was a New Zealand teacher, community leader, and writer.	Nellie Euphemia Coad	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Albert Hetterle was born in Petersthal a few weeks after the First World War had ended in defeat for Germany.	Albert Hetterle	Germany
country of citizenship	Alexis Djoshkounian better known by his stage name Alexis HK (born 2 April 1974, in Yvelines, France) is a French singer-songwriter.	Alexis HK	France
country of citizenship	Adebayo Adefarati (February 14, 1931 -- March 29, 2007) was a Nigerian politician and a former governor of Ondo State Nigeria.	Adebayo Adefarati	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Björgólfur Jóhannsson (born in Iceland on August 28, 1955) is an Icelandic business executive, currently the President and CEO of Icelandair Group, the holding company of Icelandair, the main airline of Iceland.	Björgólfur Jóhannsson	Iceland
country of citizenship	Simon Schubert (born 1976) is an artist based in Cologne, Germany, his birthplace.	Simon Schubert	Germany
country of citizenship	Punnasseri Nambi Neelakanta Sharma (1858--1934) was a renowned Sanskrit scholar and teacher of Kerala, India.	Punnasseri Nambi Neelakanta Sharma	India
country of citizenship	Michalis Karaolis (13 February 1933 - 10 May 1956) was born in the village of Palechori of Pitsilia, Cyprus.	Michalis Karaolis	Cyprus
country of citizenship	Mark Caughey (born 27 August 1960) is a former Northern Ireland international footballer who played as a striker.	Mark Caughey	Northern Ireland
country of citizenship	Sundaram Sri Sabaratnam (Tamil: சிறி சபாரத்தினம்; 28 August 1952 -- 6 May 1986) was a Sri Lankan Tamil rebel and leader of the Tamil Eelam Liberation Organization (TELO), a separatist Tamil militant organisation in Sri Lanka.	Sri Sabaratnam	Sri Lanka
country of citizenship	Carlos Zorrilla (born in Lanús, Argentina) is an Argentine footballer currently playing for 2 de Mayo of the Segunda División Paraguaya and in other clubs of Argentina and Chile.	Carlos Zorrilla	Argentina
country of citizenship	Theo van de Sande ASC, born Theodorus Amandus Maria van de Sande (born May 10, 1947 in Tilburg, Netherlands) is a Dutch cinematographer.	Theo van de Sande	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Wilhelm Wassmuss was born in 1880 in Ohlendorf, 60 kilometers south-east of Hanover, Germany, and after a university education he entered the German Foreign Office in 1906.	Wilhelm Wassmuss	Germany
country of citizenship	Amani Williams Hunt Abdullah, (born 21 May 1953 in Tapah, Perak, Malaysia) is a notable indigenous Malaysian social activist, and politician who campaigned for most of his life seeking greater social justice, land rights, and improved life opportunities for Aboriginal Malaysians in Peninsular Malaysia.	Amani Williams Hunt Abdullah	Malaysia
country of citizenship	Ricardo Iorio (born June 25, 1962 in Ciudadela, Buenos Aires Province, Argentina) is an Argentine heavy metal musician who participated in various of the most important metal bands of the nation.	Ricardo Iorio	Argentina
country of citizenship	Ernesto Jerez (born December 9, 1967 in Santiago de los Caballeros, Dominican Republic) is an Emmy-award winning Dominican sportscaster and commentator for ESPN Deportes.	Ernesto Jerez	Dominican Republic
country of citizenship	Andry Rajoelina (Malagasy: (ˈjanɖʐʲ nʲˈrinə radzoˈel)) (born 30 May 1974) was the President of the High Transitional Authority of Madagascar.	Andry Rajoelina	Madagascar
country of citizenship	William Acton Blakeway Adams JP (1843 -- 24 January 1924), known as Acton Adams, was a 19th-century Member of Parliament from Nelson, New Zealand.	Acton Adams	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Nicolás D'Agostino (Spanish pronunciation: (nikoˈlas ðaˈɣostino); born November 24, 1982 in Buenos Aires, Argentina) is an Argentinean actor, well-known from the part Tony, the grandson of the Rosa in the Argentinean soap-opera Sos mi vida.	Nicolás D'Agostino	Argentina
country of citizenship	Siraj Mehfuz Daud, or S.M. Daud (1 January 1931 -- 10 May 2010) was a lawyer who became a judge in the high court of Bombay, India.	Siraj Mehfuz Daud	India
country of citizenship	Vassilis Krommidas (Greek: Βασίλης Κρομμύδας, born July 4, 1970 in Thessaloniki) is a triathlete and coach from Greece best known for competing at the 2000 and 2004 Olympic Games.	Vassilis Krommidas	Greece
country of citizenship	Dimitri Kirilov (Russian: Дмитрий Кириллов) (born November 24, 1978 in St. Petersburg, Russia) is a Russian professional boxer.	Dimitri Kirilov	Russia
country of citizenship	Malou Aamund (born July 28, 1969, in Copenhagen, Denmark) is a former member of the Folketing for the party Venstre.	Malou Aamund	Denmark
country of citizenship	Maroun Khoury Sader (Arabic: مارون خوري صادر‎), (born on December 25, 1926, Ain Ebel, Lebanon -- died on August 26, 2015) was a Maronite Archeparch of the Maronite Catholic Archeparchy of Tyre.	Maroun Khoury Sader	Lebanon
country of citizenship	Bebe Cool (born 1 September 1977) (real name Moses Sali) is a top African Reggea and ragga musician from Uganda.	Bebe Cool	Uganda
country of citizenship	Abraham Andersson, usually known under the Latin form of his name, Abrahamus Andreæ Angermannus or just Abraham Angermannus (died in October 1607) was the fourth Lutheran Archbishop of Uppsala in the Church of Sweden from 1593 to 1599.	Abraham Angermannus	Sweden
country of citizenship	Kittipoom Paphunga (Thai: กิตติภูมิ ปาภูงา, born December 25, 1986) is a professional footballer from Thailand.	Kittipoom Paphunga	Thailand
country of citizenship	In addition to opera and ballet productions, the orchestra led by Ayrat Kashaev gives regular performances at various venues both in Moscow and throughout Russia.	Ayrat Kashaev	Russia
country of citizenship	Graeme Bachop (b. June 11, 1967) is a former rugby player from New Zealand of Samoan,Tahitian and Cook Islands Heritage.	Graeme Bachop	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Theo Constanté Parra (born May 11, 1934 in Guayaquil, Ecuador and died on April 27, 2014) was a master Latin American painter part of the Abstract Informalist Movement in Ecuador.	Theo Constanté	Ecuador
country of citizenship	Gordan Vidović (born 23 June 1968 in Sarajevo, Bosnia and Herzegovina) is a former football player who played for the Belgium national team.	Gordan Vidović	Belgium
country of citizenship	Afro-Salvadorans are the descendants of the African population that were transported to El Salvador.	Afro-Salvadoran	El Salvador
country of citizenship	Ali Fawzi Rebaine (Arabic: علي فوزي رباعين‎) (born January 24, 1955 in Algiers) is the leader of the Ahd 54 political party in Algeria.	Ali Fawzi Rebaine	Algeria
country of citizenship	Shahabaz Aman (born in Malappuram in Kerala, India) is a playback singer.	Shahabaz Aman	India
country of citizenship	Klaus Eberhartinger (born 12 June 1950 in Gmunden, Upper Austria) is an Austrian singer and presenter.	Klaus Eberhartinger	Austria
country of citizenship	Saint Wiborada of St. Gall (also Guiborat or Weibrath) (died 926) was a member of the Swabian nobility in what is present-day Switzerland.	Wiborada	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Dr. Ayibatonye Owei was born in Lagos on 12 July 1957; few years before Nigeria gained her Independence and hails from Sangana, Akassa in Brass LGA of Bayelsa State.	Ayibatonye Owei	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Pier Luigi Stefani is a producer of programs for the first Italian Private TV is taken care of international relations for co-productions and realizes the first independent TV News in Italy.	Pier Luigi Stefani	Italy
country of citizenship	Peter Wolff was the Speaker of the Landtag of Liechtenstein (the national Parliament).	Peter Wolff	Liechtenstein
country of citizenship	Father Joseph Kentenich (b. 16 November, 1885, Gymnich, Rhine Province; d. 15 September 1968 in Schoenstatt, Vallendar, Germany) was a Pallottine priest and founder of the Schoenstatt Movement.	Joseph Kentenich	Germany
country of citizenship	Jan Francisci (14 June 1691 -- 27 April 1758) was an organist and composer born in Neusohl, Kingdom of Hungary (now Banská Bystrica, Slovakia).	Jan Francisci	Hungary
country of citizenship	Legally it was Germany's highest military decoration at the time of its presentation to Ludwig Crüwell.	Ludwig Crüwell	Germany
country of citizenship	Eddy Vilard (born Manuel Eduardo Villasana Ruiz on November 2, 1988 in Cancún, Quintana Roo, Mexico) is a Mexican actor.	Eddy Vilard	Mexico
country of citizenship	Farzad Mousakhani (Persian: فرزاد موسی خانی) (born 1981) is an Iranian Strongman competing for Iran in international strongman competitions.	Farzad Mousakhani	Iran
country of citizenship	Alexis Cabrera (born March 18, 1987 in Buenos Aires, Argentina) is an Argentine footballer currently playing for Sportivo Rivadavia of the Torneo Argentino B.	Alexis Cabrera	Argentina
country of citizenship	Edmundo Murray studied in Argentina, the United States and Switzerland.	Edmundo Murray	Argentina
country of citizenship	Mathieu Reverdin (born 22 July 1987 in Gleizé, France) is a former professional ice hockey player.	Mathieu Reverdin	France
country of citizenship	Daniela Petrescu (born 13 April 1968) is a long-distance runner from Romania, who specializes mainly in the 3000 metres steeplechase.	Daniela Petrescu	Romania
country of citizenship	Mattis Hætta (born 15 March 1959 in Masi, Norway) is a Norwegian Sami singer and recording artist.	Mattis Hætta	Norway
country of citizenship	Pieter de Carpentier was born in Antwerp in 1586, shortly after the formation of the newly independent Dutch Republic (Republic of the Seven United Netherlands, or United Provinces).	Pieter de Carpentier	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Angelo Barretto (born September 29, 1969) is a race car driver born, raised and continues to reside in the Philippines.	Angelo Barretto	Philippines
country of citizenship	Robin Tampoe (29 December 1930 - 2002) was a pioneering film maker from Sri Lanka.	Robin Tampoe	Sri Lanka
country of citizenship	Jaime Nielsen (born 3 September 1985) is a New Zealand track and road cyclist.	Jaime Nielsen	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Horst Fascher (born 5 February 1936, Hamburg) is a previous German nightclub bouncer, and a friend of The Beatles during their days playing in Hamburg, Germany.	Horst Fascher	Germany
country of citizenship	Amiya Kumar Dasgupta (16 July 1903 -- 14 January 1992) was an Indian economist who has been described as ``one of the founding fathers of modern economics in India'' and ``a true pioneer in developmental economics''.	Amiya Kumar Dasgupta	India
country of citizenship	Eva Vermandel (born 1974) is a photographer born in Belgium in 1974 who relocated to London in 1996 to live and work.	Eva Vermandel	Belgium
country of citizenship	Kalamandalam Krishnan Nair (March 11, 1914 -- August 15, 1990) was one of the most renowned Kathakali artists of any time, and arguably the greatest in the history of the four-century-old classical dance-drama from Kerala in southern India.	Kalamandalam Krishnan Nair	India
country of citizenship	Espen Rud (born 29 January 1948 in Asker, Norway) is a Norwegian jazz musician (drums), composer and music arranger, and the son of the famous Norwegian author Nils Johan Rud (1908-93).	Espen Rud	Norway
country of citizenship	François Klaus (born in France), is a ballet dancer and choreographer.	François Klaus	France
country of citizenship	Aidan Baker (born 1974/1975) is a musician from Toronto, Canada who has released numerous records both as a solo artist and as part of various side projects, including Nadja, ARC, and Mnemosyne.	Aidan Baker	Canada
country of citizenship	Seo Ji-soo (born 21 May 1985) is a former professional StarCraft player from South Korea who played under the alias ToSsGirL (Terran, STX Soul) and referred to as the ``Queen of Terran''.	Seo Ji-soo	South Korea
country of citizenship	Juan Daniel Salaberry Brum (born on February 7, 1980 in Salto, Uruguay) is a Uruguayan footballer that currently plays for Club Jorge Wilstermann in the Liga de Fútbol Profesional Boliviano.	Juan Daniel Salaberry	Uruguay
country of citizenship	Abdullah bin Khalifa Al Thani (عبد الله بن خليفة آل ثاني) (born 1959, Doha) was Prime Minister of Qatar from 29 October 1996 to 3 April 2007.	Abdullah bin Khalifa Al Thani	Qatar
country of citizenship	Irma Heijting-Schuhmacher (24 February 1925 -- 8 January 2014) was a freestyle swimmer from the Netherlands who won two medals at the Summer Olympics.	Irma Heijting-Schuhmacher	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Dirk Adamiak (born 1970), better known by his stage name Blutonium Boy, is a hardstyle producer, DJ and business man from Germany.	Blutonium Boy	Germany
country of citizenship	Nguyễn Phong Hồng Duy (born 13 June 1996) is a Vietnamese footballer who plays as a Left winger and Left-back for V-League (Vietnam) club Hoàng Anh Gia Lai F.C.	Nguyễn Phong Hồng Duy	Vietnam
country of citizenship	Jacques Ruffié, born 22 November 1921 in Limoux, France died 1 July 2004 was a French haematologist , geneticist and Anthropologist .	Jacques Ruffié	France
country of citizenship	Due to the success and demand of Natsu Doko, a live tour called Fuyu Doko 2009 was held in the winter of 2009 with 19 D-Boys members and Yu Shirota visiting major cities in Japan to promote the Natsu Doko 2009 CD+DVD release.	D-Boys	Japan
country of citizenship	Philip Turbett (born 15 June 1961 in Omagh, Northern Ireland) is a British bassoonist and clarinettist also specialising in historically informed performance.	Philip Turbett	Ireland
country of citizenship	Gadzhimurat Kamalov, an ethnic Avar, was born in the village of Sogratl, in the Gunibsky District of Dagestan, Russia.	Gadzhimurat Kamalov	Russia
country of citizenship	Gilberto Righi (1937--1999) was an important earthworm taxonomist from São Paulo, Brazil, who helped define the magnitude of his country's diverse soil fauna.	Gilberto Righi	Brazil
country of citizenship	John Baptist Purcell was born at Mallow, County Cork, Ireland on February 26, 1800, the son of Edward and Johanna Purcell who gave their children all the advantages of the education attainable at a time when the penal laws were less rigorously enforced.	John Baptist Purcell	Ireland
country of citizenship	Patrick Ah Van (born 17 March 1988 in Auckland, New Zealand) is a professional rugby league player who currently plays in the Super League for Widnes.	Patrick Ah Van	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Nemesio Camacho Macias (Subachoque, Colombia, November 1869 - Paris, France, May 7, 1929) was a Colombian lawyer, politician and businessman.	Nemesio Camacho	Colombia
country of citizenship	Abd al-Rahman Shahbandar (1880 -- June 1940) was a prominent Syrian nationalist during the French Mandate of Syria and a leading opponent of compromise with French authority.	Abd al-Rahman Shahbandar	Syria
country of citizenship	Ulf Thomas Söderberg (born 19 December 1948) was Bishop of Västerås, Sweden, from 2008 to 2015.	Thomas Söderberg	Sweden
country of citizenship	Roberto Bravo (born 1947, Villa Azueta, Veracruz, Mexico) is a novelist and a short story writer.	Roberto Bravo	Mexico
country of citizenship	Maude Lloyd was born in Cape Town, the southernmost city and legislative capital of South Africa.	Maude Lloyd	South Africa
country of citizenship	Blendi Fevziu (born May 18, 1969, Tirana, Albania) is an Albanian journalist, writer and host of the TV talk show Opinion, which first went on air on 31 August 1997.	Blendi Fevziu	Albania
country of citizenship	João Carlos dos Santos or simply known as João Carlos (born September 10, 1972 in Sete Lagoas, Brazil) is a Brazilian football player.	João Carlos dos Santos	Brazil
country of citizenship	Senee Kaewnam (Thai: เสนีย์ แก้วนาม, born September 5, 1986), or simply known as Say (Thai: เส), is a professional footballer from Thailand.	Senee Kaewnam	Thailand
country of citizenship	Sheys Rezaei Khonakdar (Persian: شيث رضایی خنکدار‎‎, born 21 March 1984 in Sari, Iran) is an Iranian footballer.	Sheys Rezaei	Iran
country of citizenship	Dr. Géza Szénási (23 November 1919 -- 21 February 1979) was a Hungarian jurist, who served as Chief Prosecutor of Hungary from 1956-1975.	Géza Szénási	Hungary
country of citizenship	Jean-Gabriel Charvet (1750--1829), also known as Jean Gabriel Charvet, was a French painter, designer and draftsman who was born in Serrières, Ardèche, France.	Jean-Gabriel Charvet	France
country of citizenship	Alma Beltran (born August 22, 1919 in Sonora, Mexico -- died June 9, 2007) was a Mexican-American veteran film, stage and television actress.	Alma Beltran	Mexico
country of citizenship	Theinhko (Burmese: သိန်းခို; also Theinkho, pronounced: (θéiɴkʰò); c. 919--956) was king of Pagan dynasty of Burma (Myanmar) from c. 934 to c. 956.	Theinhko	Myanmar
country of citizenship	José María Pinedo (21 June 1795 -- 19 February 1885) was a commander in the navy of the United Provinces of the River Plate one of the precursor states of what is now known as Argentina.	José María Pinedo	Argentina
country of citizenship	Hiroyasu Tanaka (Japanese:田中 浩康, born May 24, 1982 in Kyoto, Japan) is a Japanese professional baseballer for the Tokyo Yakult Swallows.	Hiroyasu Tanaka	Japan
country of citizenship	Tuomas Holopainen was born in Kitee, Finland on 25 December 1976 the son of entrepreneur Pentti Holopainen and Kirsti Nortia-Holopainen, a former music and English teacher in a small elementary school.	Tuomas Holopainen	Finland
country of citizenship	Brad Hodge made 99 not out off 86 balls to steer Australia to victory against New Zealand on 4 February 2007, when he was called into the team because Andrew Symonds had pulled out with a torn bicep.	Brad Hodge	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Émile Desportes (born in Pont l'Evêque, France)(1878 - death date unknown) was a French composer, conductor, painter, inventor and explorer.	Émile Desportes	France
country of citizenship	Carmine Di Giandomenico (born 1973 in Teramo, Italy) is a comics artist.	Carmine Di Giandomenico	Italy
country of citizenship	Sabindra Shrestha (Nepali: सबिन्द्र श्रेष्ठ) (born 5 January 1992) is a footballer from Nepal.	Sabindra Shrestha	Nepal
country of citizenship	Mosadi Seboko (born 7 June 1950) is the kgosikgolo of the Balete people in Botswana.	Mosadi Seboko	Botswana
country of citizenship	Henri Marie Lenoury (6 November 1771 -- 25 September 1839), sometimes incorrectly called Noury, was a French general born in Craconville, France.	Henri Marie Lenoury	France
country of citizenship	Juliana Bragança Saúda Silveira, known as Juliana Silveira (born March 12, 1980 in Santos (São Paulo), Brazil), is a Brazilian actress and singer.	Juliana Silveira	Brazil
country of citizenship	Jozef Slovák (born 1951) is a Slovak serial killer who murdered at least five women in Slovakia and Czech Republic from 1978 to 1991.	Jozef Slovák	Slovakia
country of citizenship	David Benedek (born 3 June 1980 in Munich, West Germany) is a former professional snowboarder.	David Benedek	Germany
country of citizenship	Jama Awil Aden (born 2 September 1948) is a former long-distance runner who competed for Somalia.	Jama Awil Aden	Somalia
country of citizenship	Raphael von Koeber was born in Nizhny Novgorod, Russia, but his father (a doctor) was ethnic German.	Raphael von Koeber	Russia
country of citizenship	In 2009, at the age of 7, Anastasiya Petryk appeared on the second season of Ukraine's Got Talent with her older sister Viktoria ``Vika'' Petryk, who represented Ukraine in the Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2008, finishing in second place.	Anastasiya Petryk	Ukraine
country of citizenship	Alain Hutchinson (born 10 December 1949) is a Belgian politician and Member of the European Parliament for the French Community of Belgium with the Parti Socialiste, part of the Socialist Group and sits on the European Parliament's Committee on Development where he is Coordinator for the Socialist group.	Alain Hutchinson	Belgium
country of citizenship	Xian Henghan (Chinese: 冼恒汉) (September 30, 1911 -- November 19, 1991) was a People's Liberation Army lieutenant general and People's Republic of China politician.	Xian Henghan	People's Republic of China
country of citizenship	Kim Hye-min (born February 20, 1985 in Seoul, South Korea) is a retired South Korean ice dancer.	Kim Hye-min	South Korea
country of citizenship	Pauli Kuusijärvi (born 21 March 1986 in Espoo) is a Finnish footballer, who represents HIFK in the Veikkausliiga, the premier division of football in Finland.	Pauli Kuusijärvi	Finland
country of citizenship	Roberto Cossa was born in Buenos Aires, Argentina, and raised in the quiet residential borough of Villa del Parque.	Roberto Cossa	Argentina
country of citizenship	René Chaloult (January 26, 1901 -- December 20, 1978) was a nationalist politician in Quebec, Canada.	René Chaloult	Canada
country of citizenship	Ignazio Bedini, S.D.B., is the current Roman Catholic archbishop of Ispahan (Isfahan), Iran.	Ignazio Bedini	Iran
country of citizenship	Omid Kokabee (Persian: امید کوکبی; born 1982) is an Iranian experimental laser physicist at the University of Texas at Austin who was arrested in Iran after returning from the United States to visit his family in January 30, 2011.	Omid Kokabee	Iran
country of citizenship	Philip Opiyo (born 27 February 1979) is a former footballer who played professionally in South Africa and represented the Kenya national football team.	Philip Opiyo	Kenya
country of citizenship	Taiawhio Tikawenga Te Tau (1860--1939) was a notable New Zealand farmer, horse breeder, religious leader and local politician.	Taiawhio Tikawenga Te Tau	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Finbar Patrick McGuigan MBE (born 28 February 1961), known as Barry McGuigan and nicknamed The Clones Cyclone, is a retired Irish professional boxer from Clones, County Monaghan, Ireland who became a World Boxing Association featherweight champion.	Barry McGuigan	Ireland
country of citizenship	Gheorghe Vodă (December 24, 1934, Văleni - February 24, 2007, Chişinău) was a writer from Moldova.	Gheorghe Vodă	Moldova
country of citizenship	Mohammad Salsali (Persian: محمد صلصالی‎‎, born August 28, 1983 in Esfahan, Iran) is an Iranian football player who .	Mohammad Salsali	Iran
country of citizenship	Jon Samseth, born July 23, 1954 in Trondheim, Norway, is a Norwegian engineer and professor of physics.	Jon Samseth	Norway
country of citizenship	Elize du Toit was born in Grahamstown, South Africa, the second of four children, to an artist mother and an orthodontist father.	Elize du Toit	South Africa
country of citizenship	Deividas Šemberas (born 2 August 1978 in Vilnius, Lithuania) is a retired Lithuanian professional footballer who played as a defender and a defensive midfielder.	Deividas Šemberas	Lithuania
country of citizenship	Mohammad Oraz (Kurdish: Mihemed Ewraz), (Persian: محمد اوراز ‎), born 1969 in Naghadeh, Iran -- died September 6, 2003, Islamabad, Pakistan) was an Iranian Kurd mountain climber.	Mohammad Oraz	Iran
country of citizenship	Mariam Petrosyan was born in 1969 in Yerevan, the capital of Armenia.	Mariam Petrosyan	Armenia
country of citizenship	Jean-François Fillion, better known as Jeff Fillion, is a well-known radio host and businessman in Quebec, Canada.	Jeff Fillion	Canada
country of citizenship	Gastón Otreras (born August 24, 1985 in Buenos Aires, Argentina) is an Argentine footballer who last played for CA Fénix in the Primera B Metropolitana.	Gastón Otreras	Argentina
country of citizenship	Joey B was born in Cape Coast, Central Region of the Republic of Ghana.	Joey B	Ghana
country of citizenship	Ivan Atanassov Petrov, (b. 1947) is a noted Bulgarian neurologist and head of the Clinic of Neurology at the Medical Institute of the Ministry of Internal Affairs in Sofia, Bulgaria, and holds a MD, and PhD.	Ivan Atanassov Petrov	Bulgaria
country of citizenship	Sulakshana Naik (born 10 November 1978 in Mumbai) is a cricketer who has played in 31 women's One Day Internationals, six Twenty20 internationals and two Tests for India.	Sulakshana Naik	India
country of citizenship	Brendon Lindsay (born 21 September 1977 in Australia), is an Australian-born Scotland international rugby league player.	Brendon Lindsay	Australia
country of citizenship	He later went on a six-country tour entitled Song Joong-ki Asia Fan Meeting Tour - THRILL & LOVE, holding fan meetings in Thailand, Singapore, China, Hong Kong, Taiwan and Seoul, South Korea.	Song Joong-ki	South Korea
country of citizenship	Pierre Lescot (c. 1510 -- September 1578) was a French architect active during the French Renaissance, ``the man who was first responsible for the implantation of pure and correct classical architecture in France.''	Pierre Lescot	France
country of citizenship	Mala Kachalla (November 1941 -- 18 April 2007) was governor of Borno State in Nigeria from 29 May 1999 to 29 May 2003.	Mala Kachalla	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Reverend Father Jean-Marie Coquard (27 November 1859 -- 27 June 1933) was a French Christian medical missionary who traveled to Abeokuta, Nigeria, which is the capital of the Ogun State, to provide surgery and care.	Jean-Marie Coquard	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Poul la Cour was born on 13 April 1846 on a farm near Ebeltoft in Denmark.	Poul la Cour	Denmark
country of citizenship	Mustafa Sandal (born 11 January 1970), also known as Musti, is a Turkish pop music singer-songwriter, record producer, dancer, businessman, and actor whose albums have sold over 20 million copies worldwide and have achieved diamond, platinum, and gold certifications in Turkey.	Mustafa Sandal	Turkey
country of citizenship	Ram Bahadur Bomjon (Sanskrit: राम बहादुर बामजान) (born c. 9 April 1990, sometimes spelled Bomjan, Banjan, or Bamjan), also known as Palden Dorje (his monastic name) and now Dharma Sangha, is from Ratanapuri, Bara district, Nepal.	Ram Bahadur Bomjon	Nepal
country of citizenship	Alison Blomfield Pickmere (1908--1971) was a New Zealand secretary, interior decorator and artist.	Alison Blomfield Pickmere	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Bohdan Beniuk (Ukrainian: Богдан Михайлович Бенюк) is a Ukrainian actor of theater and cinema, politician, People's Artist of Ukraine (1996).	Bohdan Beniuk	Ukraine
country of citizenship	Albert Boonstra (born 22 May 1957) is a retired swimmer from the Netherlands.	Albert Boonstra	Netherlands
country of citizenship	David Krutko (born November 11, 1957) is a retired territorial level politician in Northern Canada and a former speaker of the Northwest Territories legislature.	David Krutko	Canada
country of citizenship	Mat Hocken is a former New Zealand under 21 Rugby International player currently playing for the Brussels Barbarians.	Mat Hocken	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Manzo Iwata was born in Tokyo, Japan, to a family that owned the Iwata-en Tea Company.	Manzo Iwata	Japan
country of citizenship	Julia Zwehl (born 20 March 1976 in Hannover) is a former field hockey international from Germany.	Julia Zwehl	Germany
country of citizenship	Blessed Victoire Rasoamanarivo (1848 -- 21 August 1894) was a woman from Madagascar who devoted her life to the poor and the sick.	Victoire Rasoamanarivo	Madagascar
country of citizenship	Rihard Jakopič was born in Krakovo, a suburb of Ljubljana, the capital of Carniola in the Austria-- Hungary, now Slovenia.	Rihard Jakopič	Austria-- Hungary
country of citizenship	Bobby-Gaye Wilkins (born 10 September 1988) is a Jamaican athlete who represented Jamaica at the 2008 Olympic Games in Beijing, China, winning a bronze medal in the 4×400 metres relay.	Bobby-Gaye Wilkins	Jamaica
country of citizenship	Mehmet Sabancı (April 25, 1963 -- November 9, 2004), a member in third generation of the renowned Sabancı family in Turkey, was a businessman.	Mehmet Sabancı	Turkey
country of citizenship	Aleksander Wolszczan (alɛkˈsandɛr ˈvɔlʂt͡ʂan) (born 29 April 1946 in Szczecinek, Poland) is a Polish astronomer.	Aleksander Wolszczan	Poland
country of citizenship	Martin Woolf Sr. (October 18, 1858 -- August 25, 1928) was a politician, civil servant and police magistrate from Alberta, Canada.	Martin Woolf	Canada
country of citizenship	Martim Afonso Telo de Meneses (died in Toro, 26 January 1356), was a Portuguese nobleman, member of the Téllez de Meneses lineage, and the father of Leonor Teles, queen consort of Portugal.	Martim Afonso Telo de Meneses	Portugal
country of citizenship	Norman Atun is a film actor from Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.	Norman Atun	Malaysia
country of citizenship	The Blessed Gerhard Hirschfelder (17 February 1907 - 1 August 1942), was born in Gladz, Germany and died in Dachau Concentration camp.	Gerhard Hirschfelder	Germany
country of citizenship	Iraia Te Ama-o-te-rangi Te Whaiti (c.1861 -- 15 November 1918) was a notable New Zealand tribal leader, farmer and historian.	Iraia Te Ama-o-te-rangi Te Whaiti	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Jacob Carstensen (born September 10, 1978 in Kastrup, Tårnby) is a former freestyle swimmer from Denmark, who competed in three consequentive Summer Olympics for his native country, starting in 1996.	Jacob Carstensen	Denmark
country of citizenship	Dr. Sharmila Bhattacharya (born in Lagos, Nigeria and grew up in India) is the head of the Biomodel Performance and Behavior laboratory at NASA Ames Research Center.	Sharmila Bhattacharya	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Leigh Hart (born 20 July 1970) is a New Zealand performance artist who is also known as ``That Guy''.	Leigh Hart	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Count Enrico Marone Cinzano (April 5, 1963) was born in Turin, Italy to Count Alberto Paolo Rodolfo Marone Cinzano Alcorta and Cristina Marone Cinzano, born Countess Camerana.	Enrico Marone Cinzano	Italy
country of citizenship	Stefan Ilsanker (born 6 July 1965 in Berchtesgaden, Bavaria) is a German luger who competed for West Germany from the late 1980s to the early 1990s.	Stefan Ilsanker	Germany
country of citizenship	Pierre Lemieux (born April 9, 1963 in Embrun, Ontario) is a former politician in Ontario, Canada.	Pierre Lemieux	Canada
country of citizenship	Viola Valli (born 15 May 1972) is a former long distance swimmer from Italy.	Viola Valli	Italy
country of citizenship	Labaran Maku (born 1962) is the former Minister for Information in Nigeria.	Labaran Maku	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Suriya Tatakhun, who boxes as Chonlatarn Piriyapinyo (born in Amnat Charoen Province, Thailand) is a Thai professional boxer who fights at featherweight.	Chonlatarn Piriyapinyo	Thailand
country of citizenship	Carlo del Prete (27 August 1897 -- 16 August 1928) was a pioneer aviator from Italy.	Carlo del Prete	Italy
country of citizenship	Asma Barlas (born 1950), is an academic educated in Pakistan and the United States.	Asma Barlas	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Ayman Ashraf (Arabic: أيمن اشرف‎) (born April 9, 1991 Cairo, Egypt) is an Egyptian Footballer.	Ayman Ashraf	Egypt
country of citizenship	Carolina Ruiz Castillo (born 14 October 1981) is a retired World Cup alpine ski racer from Spain.	Carolina Ruiz Castillo	Spain
country of citizenship	Toshio Gotō (後藤 俊夫 Gotō Toshio, born 1938 in Ina, Nagano, Japan) is a Japanese director.	Toshio Gotō	Japan
country of citizenship	Anil K. Bera was born in a remote village Paschimchak, West Bengal, India.	Anil K. Bera	India
country of citizenship	Vicente Gerbasi was born in Canoabo, a small city in Carabobo in Northern Venezuela as child of Italian immigrants.	Vicente Gerbasi	Venezuela
country of citizenship	Ludmila Manicler (born 6 July 1987 in San Pedro) is a women's football player from Argentina currently playing for Boca Juniors and Argentina national team.	Ludmila Manicler	Argentina
country of citizenship	Faryal Talpur, (Urdu: فریال تالپور ‎) is a politician in Sindh, Pakistan.	Faryal Talpur	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Pulpurru Davies is an Aboriginal artist from central Australia.	Pulpurru Davies	Australia
country of citizenship	Mohammed bin Awad bin Laden was born on the Hadhramaut coast of south Yemen in 1908 to Awad bin Aboud bin Laden, a Kindite Hadhrami tribesman from al-Rubat, a village in Wadi Doan;	Mohammed bin Awad bin Laden	Yemen
country of citizenship	Enzo Mirigliani (22 April 1917 -- 26 September 2011) was an internationally known celebrity for his work as the head of the Miss Italy beauty pageant.	Enzo Mirigliani	Italy
country of citizenship	John Shrapnell (born 25 December 1934) is a New Zealand television journalist turned singer-actor.	John Shrapnell	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Nelson Estupiñán Bass (1912--2002) was born in Sua, a city in the predominantly Afro-Ecuadorian province of Esmeraldas in Ecuador.	Nelson Estupiñán Bass	Ecuador
country of citizenship	R. Roshan Baig (born 15 July 1953) is a minister of Karnataka state in India.	R. Roshan Baig	India
country of citizenship	Jong Il-gwan (Hangul: 정일관, Hancha: 鄭日冠, born 30 October 1992) in North Korea is a footballer who plays as a Striker.	Jong Il-gwan	North Korea
country of citizenship	Ruslan Khinchagov (born January 29 1970) is s former competitor in Freestyle Wrestling from Uzbekistan.	Ruslan Khinchagov	Uzbekistan
country of citizenship	Mor Sæther (born Anne Johansdatter Viker, Grue, Norway 20 October 1793 -- 25 April 1851, Christiania (Oslo)), was a Norwegian ``klok kone'' (``cunning woman''), that is, a herbalist.	Mor Sæther	Norway
country of citizenship	Ferenc Győri (born September 15, 1964 in Kiskunfélegyháza, Hungary) is a Hungarian ultramarathon runner, geographer, and university lecturer.	Ferenc Győri	Hungary
country of citizenship	Abbas Sarwani was a historian during the Mughal period in India.	Abbas Sarwani	India
country of citizenship	Umesh Chandra Patra (ଉମେଶ ଚନ୍ଦ୍ର ପାତ୍ର ) (18 February 1942 -- 9 February 2015), also known as Dr. U. C. Patra was a zoologist, intellectual, scholar, professor and administrator from the state of Orissa, India.	Umesh Chandra Patra	India
country of citizenship	Jaak Huimerind (born May 4, 1957 in Tartu, Estonia) is a notable Estonian architect.	Jaak Huimerind	Estonia
country of citizenship	Born in Varennes, Lower Canada, the son of Félix Geoffrion and Catherine Brodeur, he was trained and practiced as a notary.	Félix Geoffrion	Canada
country of citizenship	Schiller Hyppolite (born May 23, 1986, in Haiti) is a professional boxer from Canada.	Schiller Hyppolite	Haiti
country of citizenship	Mehdi Nasiri (Persian: مهدی نصیری‎‎, born 11 November 1987 in Isfahan, Iran) is an Iranian association footballer who currently plays for Giti Pasand Fc in Azadegan League.	Mehdi Nasiri	Iran
country of citizenship	Albertus Pictor (English, ``Albert the Painter''; Immenhusen, c. 1440 -- c. 1507), also called Albert Pictor, Albert Målare and Albrekt Pärlstickare (Swedish), is the most famous late medieval Swedish painter, known for his wallpaintings surviving in numerous churches in southern and central Sweden.	Albertus Pictor	Sweden
country of citizenship	Marek Švec (born February 17, 1973 in Havlíčkův Brod) is an amateur Greco-Roman wrestler from the Czech Republic.	Marek Švec	Czech Republic
country of citizenship	Hernando de Lerma (born November 1, 1541) was a conqueror, politician, lawyer and city founder from Seville, Spain.	Hernando de Lerma	Spain
country of citizenship	Chloé Sainte-Marie (born Marie-Aline Joyal on May 29, 1962 in Saint-Eugène-de-Grantham, Québec, Canada) is an actress, singer, activist, and official spokesperson for a network of natural caregivers in Québec.	Chloé Sainte-Marie	Canada
country of citizenship	Shyam Dhakal (Nepali: श्याम ढकाल) (born November 5, 1981) is at this time the highest ranking Alpine skier from Nepal.	Shyam Dhakal	Nepal
country of citizenship	Rabindra Mishra (Nepali: रवीन्द्र मिश्र) is chief editor of BBC Nepali service, writer and founder of Help Nepal Network.	Rabindra Mishra	Nepal
country of citizenship	Pranė Dundulienė published her first scientific paper in 1939, it was related to ethnographic relics and traditions of the Marcinkonys area in Lithuania.	Pranė Dundulienė	Lithuania
country of citizenship	Pietie Coetzee (born 2 September 1978) is a field hockey player from South Africa who was born in Bloemfontein.	Pietie Coetzee	South Africa
country of citizenship	Graco Ramírez holds a bachelor's degree in law from the National Autonomous University of Mexico (UNAM).	Graco Ramírez	Mexico
country of citizenship	Pierre Lacans (born 23 April 1957 -- 30 September 1985) was a French Rugby union footballer that represented France.	Pierre Lacans	France
country of citizenship	Jorge Beauchef (1787 in Velay, France - June 10, 1840 in Santiago, Chile) was a French military who participated in the Napoleonic Wars and later on in the Chilean Independence War.	Jorge Beauchef	France
country of citizenship	Haji Altaf Hussain Unar (Urdu: الطاف حسین انڑ ‎) was a politician from Larkana, Sindh, Pakistan.	Altaf Hussain Unar	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Sondul Chapouk was a member of the Interim Iraq Governing Council created following the United States' 2003 invasion of Iraq.	Sondul Chapouk	Iraq
country of citizenship	Walter Robert Johnson (born September 27, 1927)) is a farmer, rancher and former political figure in Saskatchewan, Canada.	Walter Robert Johnson	Canada
country of citizenship	Quinton Friend (born 16 February 1982) is a South African domestic cricketer as well as a regular representative in the South Africa A cricket team.	Quinton Friend	South Africa
country of citizenship	Joseph Valois (1767 -- January 3, 1835) is a businessman, farmer and political figure in Lower Canada.	Joseph Valois	Canada
country of citizenship	Sione Mafileo (born 14 April 1993) is a New Zealand rugby union footballer who currently plays as a prop for North Harbour in the ITM Cup.	Sione Mafileo	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Francis Edward Bigge (1820--1915) was a pioneer pastoralist and politician in Queensland, Australia.	Francis Edward Bigge	Australia
country of citizenship	Marcin Budziński currently plays for the Poland U-21.	Marcin Budziński	Poland
country of citizenship	Paolo Rosario Farrugia (22 August 1836 -- 21 December 1907) was a Maltese prelate who became the Auxiliary Bishop of Malta in 1907.	Paolo Rosario Farrugia	Malta
country of citizenship	Franziska Rochat-Moser (17 August 1966 -- 7 March 2002) was a long-distance runner from Switzerland, who represented her native country at two consecutive Summer Olympics, starting in 1992.	Franziska Rochat-Moser	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Max von Gruber was the son of Ignaz Gruber (1803--1872), a general practitioner and the first specialist in otology in Austria, and publisher of a two-volume textbook on medical chemistry (1835).	Max von Gruber	Austria
country of citizenship	In addition, Birger Nordholm was a philanthropist to various international charities, including the Birger Nordholm Foundation (Swedish: Birger Nordholms stiftelse), posthumously founded at his former secondary school Östra Real in Östermalm, Stockholm, Sweden.	Birger Nordholm	Sweden
country of citizenship	Ralph Biasi (born 11 October 1947) is a Brazilian civil engineer who was elected the youngest mayor of the city of Americana, São Paulo, Brazil in the 1970s.	Ralph Biasi	Brazil
country of citizenship	Ferdinand Steiner was a gymnast from Bohemia in what is now the Czech Republic.	Ferdinand Steiner	Czech Republic
country of citizenship	Boris Stepanovich Petrov (Russian: Петров, Борис Степанович) (July 10, 1910, Oryol, Russian Empire -- 1981, Leningrad) was a Russian and Soviet painter and mountain climber, who lived and worked in Leningrad.	Boris Stepanovich Petrov	Russian Empire
country of citizenship	Benu Sen (26 May 1932 -- 17 May 2011) was an Indian photographer from Kolkata, India.	Benu Sen	India
country of citizenship	Parker W. Borg (born May 25, 1939, in Minneapolis, Minnesota) is a former professor at the American University of Rome and is a former United States Ambassador to Mali and Iceland.	Parker W. Borg	Mali
country of citizenship	Catherine Jauniaux began her career as an actress in Belgium at the age of 15.	Catherine Jauniaux	Belgium
country of citizenship	Karel Vosátka (born November 20, 1929 in Plzeň) was a pairs figure skater who competed for Czechoslovakia.	Karel Vosátka	Czechoslovakia
country of citizenship	Hussein Bakry Gazzaz (Born March 10, 1925) is a Saudi Arabian businessman who founded the Gazzaz Department Stores chain in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia.	Hussein Bakry Gazzaz	Saudi Arabia
country of citizenship	Klaas Hendrikse (born 1947 in Groot-Ammers) is a pastor of the Protestant Church in the Netherlands, who is famous for declaring that he 'believes in a God who does not exist.	Klaas Hendrikse	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Anna Rajecka was raised as a protegé of king Stanisław August Poniatowski of Poland.	Anna Rajecka	Poland
country of citizenship	Jacques-Laurent Agasse (April 24, 1767 -- December 27, 1849) was an animal and landscape painter from Switzerland.	Jacques-Laurent Agasse	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Garratt Williamson (born 27 April 1971) is a retired New Zealand rugby union referee.	Garratt Williamson	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Rony Sefo (born 10 April 1972 in New Zealand) is a former two time World Champion New Zealand kickboxer and MMA fighter that have fought on Pride Fighting Championships and K-1.	Rony Sefo	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Ayatullah Haj Sayyid Mohsen Kharazi (Persian: سید محسن خرازی‎‎) (born in 1937 in Tehran) is a member of the Assembly of Experts of the Islamic Republic of Iran.	Mohsen Kharazi	Iran
country of citizenship	José Lino Matute served as the acting president of Honduras from 12 November 1838 until 10 January 1839.	José Lino Matute	Honduras
country of citizenship	Roland Grapow (born 30 August 1959 in Hamburg, Germany) is a professional guitarist and music producer.	Roland Grapow	Germany
country of citizenship	Joachim's parents were Ferenc Joachim and Emilia Metz of Szeged, Hungary.	Ferenc Joachim	Hungary
country of citizenship	Hayden Paddon (born 20 April 1987) is a New Zealand rally driver.	Hayden Paddon	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Cedric Myton (born 1947 in Old Harbour, Jamaica), is a Reggae musician and Rastafarian.	Cedric Myton	Jamaica
country of citizenship	Nick Bradley-Qalilawa (born 28 March 1980 in Darlinghurst, New South Wales, Australia) was an Australian professional rugby league player.	Nick Bradley-Qalilawa	Australia
country of citizenship	Per Lie (20 May 1907 -- 5 March 1945) was a Norwegian labour activist who was imprisoned and killed during the occupation of Norway by Nazi Germany.	Per Lie	Norway
country of citizenship	Jean Michel Camille Malfroy (23 March 1839--6 January 1897) was a New Zealand engineer and local politician.	Jean Michel Camille Malfroy	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Pamela Rooks (1958 -- 1 October 2010) was an Indian film director and screenwriter, most known for the film, Train to Pakistan (1998) set in Partition of India and based on Khushwant Singh's novel; it was screened at several international film festivals.	Pamela Rooks	India
country of citizenship	Godwin Emefiele is the Governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria.	Godwin Emefiele	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Ihor Dolhov (Ukrainian: Ігор Олексійович Долгов) (birth: June 6, 1957, Slavuta, Ukraine) is a Ukrainian diplomat.	Ihor Dolhov	Ukraine
country of citizenship	Alfred Thomas Gurd (30 March 1846 Moore Township, Ontario, Canada -- August 1919 St. Clair, Michigan) was an Ontario farmer, entrepreneur and political figure.	Alfred Thomas Gurd	Canada
country of citizenship	Josip Bozanić was born in Rijeka, Yugoslavia (now Croatia), to Ivan Bozanić and Dinka Valković.	Josip Bozanić	Croatia
country of citizenship	In 1888, Dorus Rijkers met King William III of the Netherlands after rescuing sailors from the German barque Renown.	Dorus Rijkers	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Jason Kouchak is a pianist, composer and singer-songwriter whose works, interests, public contributions and charitable associations span the world including the United Kingdom, France, Japan, Singapore and Hong Kong.	Jason Kouchak	United Kingdom	France
country of citizenship	María Inés Guerra Núñez (born July 1, 1983 in Guadalajara, Jalisco, Mexico), commonly known as María Inés Guerra, is a Mexican TV-hostess and singer.	María Inés	Mexico
country of citizenship	Michel Pharaon (Arabic: ميشال فرعون‎), a Lebanese politician, and the current Minister of Tourism in Lebanon.	Michel Pharaon	Lebanon
country of citizenship	Jesús Adrián Romero is a Mexican author, Christian music singer, composer, and pastor from Hermosillo, Sonora in Mexico.	Jesús Adrián Romero	Mexico
country of citizenship	Babubhai Patel, known by his alias Babu Bajrangi, is a leader of the Gujarat-wing of the Bajrang Dal, a Hindu nationalist organization in India.	Babu Bajrangi	India
country of citizenship	Janina Borońska-Łągwa (16 June 1943, Łódź, Poland - ) is a Polish film and theatre actress, and the mother of the composer and vocalist Jacek Łągwa.	Janina Borońska	Poland
country of citizenship	Krishna Das Shrestha (Nepali: कृष्णदास श्रेष्ठ) is a Nepalese politician who broke away from the Bagmati District Committee - which functioned semi-autonomously - of the Communist Party of Nepal in 1969 to found the Communist Party of Nepal (Marxist--Leninist--Maoist) in 1981.	Krishna Das Shrestha	Nepal
country of citizenship	Stéphane Lecat (born August 6, 1971, Nogent-sur-Marne) is a former long-distance swimmer from France.	Stéphane Lecat	France
country of citizenship	Jorge Bucay (born October 30, 1949) is a gestalt psychotherapist, psychodramatist, and writer from Argentina.	Jorge Bucay	Argentina
country of citizenship	Krisztina Czakó (born December 17, 1978 in Budapest, Hungary) is a former Hungarian figure skater.	Krisztina Czakó	Hungary
country of citizenship	Born in Rio Grande, Chinesinho played for Renner, Internacional and Palmeiras in Brazil, before moving to Italy to play for Modena Football Club, Catania, Juventus and Lanerossi Vicenza, and in the United States for the New York Cosmos.	Chinesinho	Brazil
country of citizenship	Baliram Sukur Jadhav (Marathi: बळीराम सुकुर जाधव) is an Indian politician and a member of the 15th Lok Sabha of India.	Baliram Sukur Jadhav	India
country of citizenship	His Majesty Sri Sultan Hamengkubuwono X (also spelled as Hamengkubuwana X, often abbreviated as HB X) (born BRM Herjuno Darpito, 2 April 1946 in Yogyakarta) is the Sultan of the historic Yogyakarta Sultanate in Indonesia, and is currently also the Governor of the modern Yogyakarta Special Region (Daerah Istimewa Yogyakarta).	Hamengkubuwono X	Indonesia
country of citizenship	Henri Sagna lives and works in Senegal.	Henri Sagna	Senegal
country of citizenship	Jean-Christophe, Prince Napoléon (Jean Christophe Louis Ferdinand Albéric Napoléon; born 11 July 1986) is, in the views of some monarchists, head of the former Imperial House of France and heir of the legacy of Napoleon Bonaparte.	Jean-Christophe, Prince Napoléon	France
country of citizenship	Juraj Zaťovič (born October 22, 1982 in Slovakia) is a water polo player for the University of Southern California, who received the 2006 Peter J. Cutino Award as the best collegiate water polo player among Division I NCAA teams.	Juraj Zaťovič	Slovakia
country of citizenship	Gustavo Sotelo (born March 16, 1968 in Asunción, Paraguay) is a former Paraguayan footballer currently played for Clubs of Paraguay, Uruguay, Brazil and Chile.He played for the Paraguay national football team in the Copa América Ecuador 1993 and Uruguay 1995.	Gustavo Sotelo	Paraguay
country of citizenship	Ha Su-gyeong (born 17 May 1969) is a former synchronized swimmer from South Korea.	Ha Su-gyeong	South Korea
country of citizenship	Brigitte D'Ortschy (May 31, 1921 -- July 9, 1990), or Koun-An Doru Chiko, was an architect, journalist, translator, author, and the first Zen master from Germany in the Sanbo Kyodan school of Japan.	Brigitte D'Ortschy	Germany
country of citizenship	Artur Mahraun (30 December 1890 -- 29 March 1950) was the founder and leader of the Young German Order (Jungdeutscher Orden or Jungdo) and an early contender for the leadership of the far right youth in Weimar Germany.	Artur Mahraun	Germany
country of citizenship	José Ángel Córdova Villalobos (born 19 August 1953 in Mexico) is a Mexican politician that served as Secretariat of Health and Secretariat of Public Education during Felipe Calderón administration.	José Ángel Córdova	Mexico
country of citizenship	Tribhuvandas Kishibhai Patel (October 22, 1903 -- June 3, 1994) was the founder of the Kaira District Co-operative Milk Producers' Union in 1946, and later the Amul co-operative movement in Anand, Gujarat, India.	Tribhuvandas Kishibhai Patel	India
country of citizenship	Tine Asmundsen (born 8 April 1963 in Kongsberg, Norway) is a Norwegian jazz musician (Upright bass), known from her own band ``Lonely Woman'', playing with David Murray at Kongsberg Jazzfestival 2010.	Tine Asmundsen	Norway
country of citizenship	Mohammad Sarafraz (Persian: محمد سرافراز‎‎; born 7 April 1961 in Tehran, Iran) is an Iranian media executive who is head of IRIB since 2014.	Mohammad Sarafraz	Iran
country of citizenship	Hugh McMonagle (1817 -- October 12, 1889) was an inn-keeper and political figure in New Brunswick, later a province of Canada.	Hugh McMonagle	Canada
country of citizenship	Bill Williamson born William James Williamson (19 December 1922 -- 28 January 1979) was an Australian jockey who enjoyed considerable success in Australia during the 1950s and in Europe during the 1960s.	Bill Williamson	Australia
country of citizenship	Labina Mitevska (Macedonian: Лабина Митевска) (born 1975 in Skopje, Socialist Republic of Macedonia, Yugoslavia) is a Macedonian actress.	Labina Mitevska	Macedonia
country of citizenship	Kei Nangon was born May 6, 1991, in Mungyeong, North Gyeongsang Province, South Korea as Nangon Hwae Ji to a prestigious social family.	Kei Nangon	South Korea
country of citizenship	Annie Lee Rees (1864--1949) was a New Zealand writer, teacher, lawyer and community leader.	Annie Lee Rees	New Zealand
country of citizenship	María Fernanda Arozqueta Chahin (born 16 January 1989 in Mexico City, Mexico), known professionally as Fernanda Arozqueta is a Mexican singer and actress best known as a former member of the Mexican pop group, ``La Nueva Banda Timbiriche''.	Fernanda Arozqueta	Mexico
country of citizenship	Diosa Canales (born as Dioshaily Rosfer Canales Gil on January 11, 1987 in El Tigre, Venezuela) is a Venezuelan singer, actress, and model.	Diosa Canales	Venezuela
country of citizenship	Charles Quentin Fernie Pope (1900--1961), known as Quentin, was a New Zealand writer, journalist, poet and poetry anthologist, foreign correspondent and war correspondent.	Charles Quentin Fernie Pope	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Harald Lassen (born 13 March 1987 in Kristiansand, Norway) is a Norwegian jazz musician who has devoted his career exclusively to his own band.	Harald Lassen	Norway
country of citizenship	Fergus Fortamail (``strong, prevailing''), son of Bresal Brecc, son of Óengus Ollom, son of Ailill Bracan, son of Labraid Loingsech, was, according to medieval Irish legend and historical tradition, a High King of Ireland.	Fergus Fortamail	Ireland
country of citizenship	Cairbre Lifechair (``lover of the Liffey''), son of Cormac mac Airt, was, according to medieval Irish legend and historical tradition, a High King of Ireland.	Cairbre Lifechair	Ireland
country of citizenship	Genc Mulliqi (born 21 January 1966 in Fier, Albania) is an Albanian artist, specialising in sculptures and abstract paintings.	Genc Mulliqi	Albania
country of citizenship	François de Montmorency-Bouteville (1600 -- 22 June 1627) was the second son of Louis de Montmorency, Comte de Bouteville, Vice-Admiral of France under Henri IV. François succeeded his brother Henri in 1616 and became Duke of Luxembourg and Governor of Senlis.	François de Montmorency-Bouteville	France
country of citizenship	Oswaldo Frota-Pessoa was born in Rio de Janeiro, where he did all his studies, first in natural history at the Federal District University (currently the State University of Rio de Janeiro), graduating in 1938; and subsequently medicine at the National School of Medicine of University of Brazil, graduating in 1941.	Oswaldo Frota-Pessoa	Brazil
country of citizenship	Mariano de Leon Regaliza (born November 18, 1958), also known as Julio Diaz, is a versatile film and television actor in the Philippines.	Julio Diaz	Philippines
country of citizenship	Jia Ruskaja (born Evgenija Borisenko; January 6, 1902 - April 19, 1970 ) was a Russian dancer and choreographer who established a national dance school in Italy.	Jia Ruskaja	Italy
country of citizenship	Mayly Sánchez was born in Caracas, Venezuela and relocated with her family to Mérida, Venezuela at the age of 13.	Mayly Sánchez	Venezuela
country of citizenship	Y.A.M. Dato' Haji Mohammad Jan bin Abdul Ghani (born 10 August 1940 at Kampung Rokan, Johol), Dato' Johan Pahlawan Lela Perkasa Setiawan, is the 14th and current Undang of Luak Johol, one of the traditional states of Negeri Sembilan in Malaysia.	Mohammad Jan bin Abdul Ghani	Malaysia
country of citizenship	Katsuo Tokashiki (渡嘉敷 勝男, born July 27, 1960 in Okinawa, Japan) is a Japanese former WBA Light flyweight champion.	Katsuo Tokashiki	Japan
country of citizenship	Keith Forde is a singer-songwriter and musician from Limerick, Ireland.	Keith Forde	Ireland
country of citizenship	Dineo Ranaka (born 16 December 1983 in South Africa at Chris Hani Baragwanath Hospital), is a radio and television presenter.	Dineo Ranaka	South Africa
country of citizenship	Veronica Strong-Boag, Ph.D, FRSC (born 1947 in Prestwick, Scotland) is a Canadian historian specializing in the modern history of women and children in Canada.	Veronica Strong-Boag	Canada
country of citizenship	Russell Henderson, the Trinidadian musician who led the first carnival parade in 1965, and Leslie Palmer, also from Trinidad and Tobago, who is credited with helping transform the local community festival into an internationally recognised event.	Russell Henderson	Trinidad and Tobago
country of citizenship	Norman Lowell contested the first European Parliament elections that were held in Malta on June 12, 2004, obtaining 1,603 first-count votes from a total of 250,691 votes cast (0.64%).	Norman Lowell	Malta
country of citizenship	Inga Jankauskaitė (born 10 January 1981 in Kaunas, Lithuania) is a Lithuanian actress, singer, and piano player.	Inga Jankauskaitė	Lithuania
country of citizenship	Petras Kunca (born 1942) is a Lithuanian violinist, awarded the National Prize of Lithuania (1979) and the Order of the Lithuanian Grand Duke Gediminas.	Petras Kunca	Lithuania
country of citizenship	Geneviève Jeanson (born August 29, 1981) is a former professional bicycle racer from Quebec, Canada.	Geneviève Jeanson	Canada
country of citizenship	Rudolf Gopas (né Hopp, 13 December 1913 -- 23 July 1983) was a New Zealand artist and art teacher.	Rudolf Gopas	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Zeno Colò (June 30, 1920 -- May 12, 1993) was a champion alpine ski racer from Italy.	Zeno Colò	Italy
country of citizenship	William Bent Berczy (January 6, 1791 -- December 9, 1873) was a farmer, painter and political figure in Upper Canada.	William Bent Berczy	Canada
country of citizenship	Mahiro Maeda (前田 真宏 Maeda Mahiro) born March 14, 1963 is one of the most prominent Japanese anime creators working today, having worked as director, character designer, and animator for many of Japan's top series.	Mahiro Maeda	Japan
country of citizenship	Dora del Hoyo Alonso (11 January 1914 - 10 January 2004; born Salvadora Honorata del Hoyo Alonso in Leon, Spain) was one of the first women members of Opus Dei.	Dora del Hoyo	Spain
country of citizenship	John Rout Hopkins (ca.1829 -- 20 December 1897) was a politician in the Colony (later State) of Victoria, Australia.	John Rout Hopkins	Australia
country of citizenship	Niels Frederiksen (born 5 November 1970) is a Danish football manager currently in charge of Denmark U21.	Niels Frederiksen	Denmark
country of citizenship	On 1 October 2009 at Tiananmen Square in Beijing, Lei Jia and Dai Yuqiang sang during the grand parade celebrating the 60th anniversary of the People's Republic of China.	Lei Jia	People's Republic of China
country of citizenship	Mike Pougounas' three-decade career has made him an influential and respected performing artist not only in Greece, but also within Europe as a whole.	Mike Pougounas	Greece
country of citizenship	Yossi Peled (Hebrew: יוסי פלד‎, born 18 January 1941) is an Israeli general and politician, the former Aluf of the Northern Command in the Israel Defense Forces.	Yossi Peled	Israel
country of citizenship	Hilda Alexandra Wiseman (1894--1982) was a notable New Zealand bookplate designer, artist and calligrapher.	Hilda Alexandra Wiseman	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Ivan Hrvatska is a Croatian singer living in Canada, known for his songs about ``making love'' to national holidays of Canada and the USA.	Ivan Hrvatska	Canada
country of citizenship	Dr Sue Page AM is a past President of the Rural Doctors Association of Australia and current Board member of the Northern NSW Local Health District, North Coast GP Training, and the Australian Medicare Local Alliance.	Sue Page	Australia
country of citizenship	Cas Jansen (born Casper Jansen) is a Dutch actor born on 24 June 1977 in Badhoevedorp, the Netherlands.	Cas Jansen	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Kārlis Padegs (October 8, 1911 -- April 19, 1940) is one of Latvia's most popular artists.	Kārlis Padegs	Latvia
country of citizenship	Elitsa Todorova (Bulgarian: Елица Тодорова; born 2 September 1977 in Varna, Bulgaria) is a Bulgarian folk singer and professional percussionist.	Elitsa Todorova	Bulgaria
country of citizenship	Gyula Szepesy (Dömsöd, Hungary, 1913 -- Budapest, January 2001) Hungarian descriptive linguist.	Gyula Szepesy	Hungary
country of citizenship	Andrea Breth (born 31 October 1952 in Rieden am Forggensee, Germany) is a stage director.	Andrea Breth	Germany
country of citizenship	Huldrych Zwingli or Ulrich Zwingli (1 January 1484 -- 11 October 1531) was a leader of the Reformation in Switzerland.	Huldrych Zwingli	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Daniel Peña Sanchez de Rivera (born 1948 in Madrid, Spain) is an industrial engineer who was rector of the Charles III University of Madrid.	Daniel Peña	Spain
country of citizenship	Junior Moors (born 30 July 1986) is a New Zealand professional rugby league footballer who currently plays for the Castleford Tigers in the Super League.	Junior Moors	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Kamalakanta Jena (Oriya: କମଳାକାନ୍ତ ଜେନା) is an Oriya writer from Odisha, India.	Kamalakanta Jena	India
country of citizenship	Stian Johannsen (born October 12, 1971 in Sarpsborg, Norway) is a Norwegian musician known under the stage name ``Occultus'' and ``Cultoculus'', among others.	Stian Johannsen	Norway
country of citizenship	Gnonnan Sossou Pierre Kouassivi, known by the stage name Gnonnas Pedro was a singer and musician from Lokossa, Benin.	Gnonnas Pedro	Benin
country of citizenship	Jean-Pierre Willem, born 24 May 1938 at Sedan, France, is a physician and founder of Médecins Aux Pieds Nus.	Jean-Pierre Willem	France
country of citizenship	João Victor Saraiva (born January 22, 1977 in Luanda, Angola), better known as Madjer, is a Portuguese beach soccer player.	Madjer	Angola
country of citizenship	Jaspreet Jasz (born Jaspreet Singh Kohli in New Delhi, India) is an Indian singer whose vocals have been featured in Bollywood and Telugu cinema, as well as advertisement jingles.	Jaspreet Jasz	India
country of citizenship	Diane Thorne (born 1943 or 1944) is a former provincial representative of Coquitlam-Maillardville in the Legislative Assembly of British Columbia, Canada.	Diane Thorne	Canada
country of citizenship	Margret Boveri was born in Würzburg, Germany, the daughter of German biologist Theodor Boveri and American biologist Marcella O'Grady Boveri.	Margret Boveri	Germany
country of citizenship	Eiji Morioka (森岡 栄治, June 8, 1946 -- November 9, 2004) was an Olympic boxing bronze medalist from Osaka, Japan.	Eiji Morioka	Japan
country of citizenship	Aron of Kangeq (born in Kangeq on April 9, 1822; died March 12, 1869) was a Greenland Inuit hunter, painter, and oral historian.	Aron of Kangeq	Greenland
country of citizenship	Hugh John Montgomery (July 31, 1876 -- August 30, 1956) was a merchant fox farmer and a provincial politician from Alberta, Canada.	Hugh John Montgomery	Canada
country of citizenship	Leszek Lichota (born August 17, 1977 in Wałbrzych, Poland) is a Polish actor, best known for playing Grzegorz in Polish soap opera Na Wspólnej.	Leszek Lichota	Poland
country of citizenship	Kim Carrigan (born in 1958) was Australia's leading exponent of rockclimbing during the late 1970s and early 1980s.	Kim Carrigan	Australia
country of citizenship	Zhao Keshi (simplified Chinese: 赵克石; traditional Chinese: 趙克石; pinyin: Zhào Kèshí; born November 1947) is a general in the People's Liberation Army of the People's Republic of China.	Zhao Keshi	People's Republic of China
country of citizenship	Johan Bardoul (born 16 June 1987) is a New Zealand rugby union player who currently plays as a loose forward for Bay of Plenty in the ITM Cup and the Chiefs in Super Rugby.	Johan Bardoul	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Georg Dertinger (25 December 1902 - 21 January 1968) was a German politician from the German Democratic Republic (East Germany).	Georg Dertinger	East Germany
country of citizenship	Ilan Ben-Dov (Hebrew: אילן בן דב‎) (born 16 January 1957 in Tel Aviv, Israel) is an Israeli businessman and investor.	Ilan Ben-Dov	Israel
country of citizenship	Willem Van der Hagen was born in the Netherlands, probably in The Hague.	Willem Van der Hagen	Netherlands
country of citizenship	When chaos broke out in central China towards the end of the Han dynasty, Cheng Bing left for Jiao Province in southern China.	Cheng Bing	China
country of citizenship	Luís Pérez Companc (born 2 January 1972 in Buenos Aires, Argentina) is a rally driver and is son of Gregorio Pérez Companc.	Luís Pérez Companc	Argentina
country of citizenship	Oskar Luts was born into a middle-class family in Järvepera, central Estonia, at that time in the government of Livonia (Russian Empire).	Oskar Luts	Estonia
country of citizenship	Scylla Venâncio (born May 9, 1917) is a former Olympic freestyle swimmer from Brazil, who participated at one Summer Olympics for her native country.	Scylla Venâncio	Brazil
country of citizenship	Alicia Appleman-Jurman (born 9 May 1930, Rosulna, Poland (present-day Rosilna, Ukraine)) is a Polish-born Israeli--	Alicia Appleman-Jurman	Poland
country of citizenship	Cerinah Nebanda (1988 - 2012) was a member of the parliament of Uganda, representing the Butaleja District Women's Constituency.	Cerinah Nebanda	Uganda
country of citizenship	Andrea Molino (born in 1964 in Turin, Italy) is an Italian composer and conductor.	Andrea Molino	Italy
country of citizenship	Ashoke Kumar Sen (Bengali: অশোককুমার সেন) (10 October 1913 -- 31 August 1996) was an Indian barrister, a former Cabinet minister of India, and an Indian parliamentarian.	Ashoke Kumar Sen	India
country of citizenship	Arthur Palethorpe (1854 -- unknown) was a New Zealand cricketer who played for Wellington.	Arthur Palethorpe	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Nicolò Contarini became familiar with philosophy and soon gained a reputation for fairness in his conduct of the public administration of the Republic of Venice.	Nicolò Contarini	Republic of Venice
country of citizenship	Eulalia of Mérida was a young Roman Christian martyred in Emerita, the capital of Lusitania (modern Mérida in Spain), conventionally during the persecution under Diocletian and Maximian.	Eulalia of Mérida	Spain
country of citizenship	Hanneke Beaumont (born 1947 Maastricht, the Netherlands) is a Dutch-born sculptor.	Hanneke Beaumont	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Bendeniz (born Deniz Çelik; 25 July 1973 in Zurich, Switzerland) is a Swiss-Turkish pop musician who is well known in Turkey.	Bendeniz	Turkey
country of citizenship	Carlo Grano (14 October 1887 -- 2 April 1976) was an Italian Cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church who served as Apostolic Nuncio to Italy from 1958 to 1967, and was elevated to the cardinalate in 1967.	Carlo Grano	Italy
country of citizenship	Lê Kính Tông (chữ Hán: 黎敬宗, 1588 -- 1619), also called Lê Duy Tân (黎維新) was the emperor-king of Vietnam reigning from 1599 to 1619.	Lê Kính Tông	Vietnam
country of citizenship	Antonio Marín Muñoz born in Lopera, Province of Jaen, Spain, 1970 is a writer and historian.	Antonio Marín Muñoz	Spain
country of citizenship	Wael Riad was a regular player in Egypt's Youth team who got the Bronze Medalist in FIFA World Youth Championship 2001, as Riad scored twice against U.S.A and Finland.	Wael Riad	Egypt
country of citizenship	Sunleif Rasmussen (born March 19, 1961 in Sandur in the Faroe Islands) is the foremost Faroese composer of classical music.	Sunleif Rasmussen	Faroe Islands
country of citizenship	Władysław Heinrich (Warsaw, 1 January 1869 -- 30 June 1957, Kraków, Poland) was a Polish historian of philosophy, psychologist, professor at Kraków University and member of the Polish Academy of Learning.	Władysław Heinrich	Poland
country of citizenship	Volodymyr Hrynyov, also Hryniov (Ukrainian: Володимир Борисович Гриньов, Volodymyr Borysovych Hryn’ov; Russian: Владимир Борисович Гринёв, Vladimir Borisovich Grinyov) is a Ukrainian politician, statesman, former candidate to the President of Ukraine.	Volodymyr Hrynyov	Ukraine
country of citizenship	Martin Galway (born 3 January 1966, Belfast, Northern Ireland) is one of the best known composers of chiptune video game music for the Commodore 64 sound chip, the SID soundchip, and for the Sinclair ZX Spectrum.	Martin Galway	Ireland
country of citizenship	François Du Bois, born in La Charité-sur-Loire in Burgundy, France, is a composer, marimba virtuoso, as well as professor, columnist and author.	François Du Bois	France
country of citizenship	Valentí Massana Gracia (born July 5, 1970 in Viladecans) is a Spanish race walker, and the record holder in Spain in the men's 50 km walk (3h38´43`` in Ourense, March 20, 1994.	Valentí Massana	Spain
country of citizenship	Rainier Joseph Diaz Castillo, better known simply as Rainier Castillo (born October 21, 1985 in Quezon City, Philippines), is a Filipino actor, singer, model, and dancer.	Rainier Castillo	Philippines
country of citizenship	Hayley Saunders (born 7 February 1989 in Gore, New Zealand) is a New Zealand netball player and member of the Southern Steel team in the ANZ Championship.	Hayley Saunders	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Daniel Lemma was born in Addis Abeba, Ethiopia, but came to Sweden as an infant.	Daniel Lemma	Sweden
country of citizenship	Béhanzin (1844 -- December 10, 1906) is considered the eleventh (if Adandozan is not counted) King of Dahomey, modern-day Benin.	Béhanzin	Benin
country of citizenship	Known for her flow, sharp and poetic lyrics as well as for her active involvement with the youth, Moona is an active member of United Artists for African Rap (AURA) in which she represents her native Benin.	Moona	Benin
country of citizenship	Song Shilun (Chinese: 宋时轮; pinyin: Sòng Shílún; Wade--Giles: Sung Shih-lun; 1907--1991), born September 10, 1907 in Hunan Province, was a general of the People's Liberation Army of the People's Republic of China.	Song Shilun	People's Republic of China
country of citizenship	Henning Kraggerud (born 23 June 1973 in Oslo, Norway) is a Norwegian Musician (violin & viola) and composer.	Henning Kraggerud	Norway
country of citizenship	Ita Rina was born on 7 July 1907 in the small town of Divača (then Austro-Hungarian Empire, later Yugoslavia, now Slovenia) as Italina Lida Kravanja.	Ita Rina	Yugoslavia
country of citizenship	Raphaël Jeune (born 1975) is a road bicycle racer from France.	Raphaël Jeune	France
country of citizenship	Jean Baptiste Carnoy (1836--1899), born in Rumillies (Belgium), was a Roman Catholic priest and a scientist in the field of cytology.	Jean Baptiste Carnoy	Belgium
country of citizenship	Matvar Singh Kandari (sometimes Matbar Singh Kandari) is a political leader and cabinet minister in present government of Uttarakhand state of India.	Matvar Singh Kandari	India
country of citizenship	Jaypuri Gharti (Nepali: जयपुरी घर्ती) is a Nepalese politician, belonging to the Communist Party of Nepal (Maoist).	Jaypuri Gharti	Nepal
country of citizenship	Jane Spencer, Baroness Churchill VA (née Conyngham; 1 June 1826 -- 24 December 1900) was an English peeress and companion of Queen Victoria of the United Kingdom.	Jane Spencer, Baroness Churchill	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	Mullah Abdul Salam Rocketi is a former Mujahideen ``freedom fighter'' and Taliban military commander who renounced his allegiance to run for the Parliament of Afghanistan in 2005, and for the Presidency in 2009.	Abdul Salam Rocketi	Afghanistan
country of citizenship	Mohammad Haider Zhobal (born in Kabul, Afghanistan) is an afghan author of history.	Mohammad Haider Zhobal	Afghanistan
country of citizenship	Danny Nguyen (born January 8 in Vietnam) is a poker dealer and poker player from San Jose, California.	Danny Nguyen	Vietnam
country of citizenship	Ishay Berger (Hebrew: ישי ברגר‎) (born July 8, 1978 in Haifa, Israel) is an Israeli musician best known for his work as the lead guitarist for Israeli punk rock band Useless ID.	Ishay Berger	Israel
country of citizenship	Tomasz Pryliński ((ˈprɨliɲski); August 24, 1847 -- November 15, 1895) was a Polish architect and conservator active in Kraków during the foreign partitions of Poland.	Tomasz Pryliński	Poland
country of citizenship	Dr. Andrey Kovatchev is a Chairman of the Union of the European Federalists in Bulgaria.	Andrey Kovatchev	Bulgaria
country of citizenship	Breda Pergar (February 22, 1953 -- April 27, 1989) was a middle distance and long distance runner from Yugoslavia.	Breda Pergar	Yugoslavia
country of citizenship	Jaspreet 'Jazim' Sharma (born September 14, 1990 in Bathinda, Punjab, India) is an Indian ghazal singer.	Jaspreet 'Jazim' Sharma	India
country of citizenship	Talat Aziz (Urdu: طلعت عزیز‎) (born 11 November 1956) is a popular ghazal singer from Hyderabad, India.	Talat Aziz	India
country of citizenship	Joop Demmenie (19 December 1918 in Rotterdam -- 3 June 1991 in Rotterdam) is a former road cyclist from Netherlands.	Joop Demmenie	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Viktoriya Tokareva was born in 1937 in Leningrad, in the Soviet Union.	Viktoriya Tokareva	Soviet Union
country of citizenship	Alfonso Mondelo (born August 13, 1958 in Baracaldo, Spain) is a soccer coach.	Alfonso Mondelo	Spain
country of citizenship	Lukáš Timulak studied at the Dance Conservatory in Bratislava (Slovakia) and Academie de Danse Classique Princesse Grace in Monaco.	Lukáš Timulak	Slovakia
country of citizenship	Zafar Altaf (1 August 1941 -- 5 December 2015) was a cricketer for Pakistan, a cricket administrator, economist, senior civil servant and author.	Zafar Altaf	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Muhammad Ahmad al-Mangoush (Arabic: محمد أحمد المنقوش‎) was General Secretary of the People's Committee in Libya (prime minister) from 29 December 1997 to 1 March 2000.	Muhammad Ahmad al-Mangoush	Libya
country of citizenship	Henry Azra, also spelled Henri Azra, (born 21 January 1952 in Casablanca, Morocco) is a Los Angeles-based classical Moroccan musician.	Henry Azra	Morocco
country of citizenship	Peter Bartosiewicz (born 2 August 1942 in Žilina) is a former pair skater who competed for Czechoslovakia.	Peter Bartosiewicz	Czechoslovakia
country of citizenship	Lillian Too is an author, television personality and feng shui practitioner from Malaysia.	Lillian Too	Malaysia
country of citizenship	Moumouni Fabré (born 28 November 1953) is a Burkinabé politician who has served as the Ambassador of Burkina Faso to South Africa since 2008.	Moumouni Fabré	Burkina Faso
country of citizenship	Graham Vearncombe (28 March 1934 -- 30 November 1992) was a Wales international football player.	Graham Vearncombe	Wales
country of citizenship	Rev. Marta Benavides (born in San Salvador, El Salvador) is a theologian, ordained minister, permaculturist, educator, and artist.	Marta Benavides	El Salvador
country of citizenship	Phil Minton (b. 2 November 1940, Torquay, United Kingdom) is a jazz/free-improvising vocalist and trumpeter.	Phil Minton	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	On completion of their studies, R. Seshasayee left for Singapore to improve his skills while V. Seshasayee pursued his career in India.	V. Seshasayee	India
country of citizenship	Aliyah O'Brien was born in Victoria, British Columbia, Canada and is of Irish, Spanish, and Welsh descent.	Aliyah O'Brien	Canada
country of citizenship	Keith Cameron (born 3 February 1978 in Whakatane) is a New Zealand rugby union player who currently plays as a prop for Otago in the Air New Zealand Cup.	Keith Cameron	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Mamunul Islam Mamun (born 12 December 1988) is a Bangladeshi international footballer who plays as a midfielder for Sheikh Jamal Dhanmondi Club and the Bangladesh national football team.	Mamunul Islam	Bangladesh
country of citizenship	Yordenis Ugás Hernández (born July 14, 1986 in Santiago de Cuba) is a Cuban amateur boxer best known to win the lightweight 2005 World Amateur Boxing Championships at age 19 following Mario Kindelan.	Yordenis Ugás	Cuba
country of citizenship	Wi Whitu (1908--1983) was a notable New Zealand cook, blacksmith, midwife and exhumer.	Wi Whitu	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Franco Nenci (born January 25, 1935 in Livorno, Italy) is a former welterweight boxer.	Franco Nenci	Italy
country of citizenship	Antoine Samuel Adam-Salomon was born to a French Jewish family on 9 January 1818 in La Ferté-sous-Jouarre, Seine-et-Marne, France.	Antoine Samuel Adam-Salomon	France
country of citizenship	Ali Alipour (Persian: علی علیپور‎‎; born 11 November 1995, in Qaemshahr, Iran) is an Iranian football striker, who currently plays for Persian Gulf Pro League club Persepolis as a striker.	Ali Alipour	Iran
country of citizenship	Somdech Norodom Narindrapong(Khmer: នរោត្តម នរិន្រ្ទពង្ស) was a Prince of Cambodia.	Norodom Narindrapong	Cambodia
country of citizenship	Calvin Howarth (born 18 June 1976 in Auckland, New Zealand) is a New Zealand born former Scotland 'A' international rugby union player.	Calvin Howarth	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Amrita Thapar born in Pune India was the former Miss India 2005.	Amrita Thapar	India
country of citizenship	Wen Jiabao (born 15 September 1942) was the sixth Premier of the State Council of the People's Republic of China, serving as China's head of government for a decade.	Wen Jiabao	People's Republic of China
country of citizenship	Moussa Bolokada Conde is a master drummer from Kissidougou, Guinea, expert of Malinke rhythms, and one of the world's foremost djembefolas.	Bolokada Conde	Guinea
country of citizenship	Koul Panha (Khmer: គល់ បញ្ញា) is an executive director of a non-governmental organization COMFREL (The committee for Free and Fair Elections in Cambodia) in Cambodia.	Koul Panha	Cambodia
country of citizenship	Frederick de Carteret Malet (1837 -- 21 March 1912) was a leader in business, church, and educational matters in Christchurch, New Zealand.	Frederick de Carteret Malet	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Hugo Crosthwaite (born 1971 in Tijuana, Mexico) is a contemporary figurative artist best known for his black and white graphite and charcoal drawings.	Hugo Crosthwaite	Mexico
country of citizenship	Dejumo Lewis (born 1943) is a Nigerian film and television actor, famous for the Kabiyesi role in The Village Headmaster, Nigeria's longest running television soap opera showed on Nigerian oldest television channel, NTA from 1968 to 1988 that stars the late Justus Esiri and Femi Robinson who died on May 20, 2015.	Dejumo Lewis	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Renan Inestroza (born 4 December 1965) is a member of the National Congress of Honduras representing the National Party of Honduras.	Renan Inestroza	Honduras
country of citizenship	Princess Amélie of Orléans (28 September 1865 -- 25 October 1951) was the last Queen consort of Portugal, known to her husband's subjects as ``Maria Amélia de Orleães''.	Amélie of Orléans	Portugal
country of citizenship	Miguel Start (born 30 November 1987 in Auckland, New Zealand) is a former rugby league player who represented Samoa.	Miguel Start	New Zealand
country of citizenship	ZP Theart was born on May 27, 1975 in ClanWilliam, Western Cape Province, South Africa in Hazyview in the Eastern Transvaal, on a banana and litchi farm, and was raised there by his mother.	ZP Theart	South Africa
country of citizenship	Paul Dobbs (5 October 1970 -- 10 June 2010) was a New Zealand motorcycle road racer and development test rider.	Paul Dobbs	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Amir Jan Khalunder (20 November 1924) born in Kabul he was an Afghanistan wrestler, who competed at the 1960 Summer Olympic Games in the lightweight freestyle event.	Amir Jan Khalunder	Afghanistan
country of citizenship	José María Figueres Olsen (born in San José, Costa Rica, December 24, 1954), is a Costa Rican businessman, and politician.	José María Figueres	Costa Rica
country of citizenship	Fazla (born Muhamed Fazlagić, 17 April 1967 in Sarajevo) is a singer from Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Fazla	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country of citizenship	Carlos A. Petit was one of the most prominent screenwriters in the Cinema of Argentina, writing for over 30 films between 1941 and 1984.	Carlos A. Petit	Argentina
country of citizenship	José Manuel Bastos Fialho Gouveia (30 April 1935 -- 2 October 2004) was a Portuguese television entertainment pioneer and former radio host, having hosted Portugal's first television talk show.	Fialho Gouveia	Portugal
country of citizenship	Dr. Chibly Abouhamad Hobaica (1929--2005) was a lawyer, teacher and writer in Venezuela.	Chibly Abouhamad Hobaica	Venezuela
country of citizenship	Denis Mandarino (Denis Garcia Mandarino: born May 7, 1964 in São Paulo, Brazil) is a Brazilian composer, artist and writer, and a disciple of Hans-Joachim Koellreutter in choral conducting and aesthetics.	Denis Mandarino	Brazil
country of citizenship	Briar Grace-Smith is an award-winning writer of scripts, screenplays and short stories from New Zealand.	Briar Grace-Smith	New Zealand
country of citizenship	The 1965 NHL Amateur Draft was held at the Queen Elizabeth Hotel in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.	1965 NHL Amateur Draft	Canada
country of citizenship	Zabiuddin Ansari (Abu Hamza)'s name was listed in the list of ``50 most wanted criminals sheltered in Pakistan'' released by India on 21 May 2011.	Zabiuddin Ansari	India
country of citizenship	Heino Hankewitz (born 20 January 1954 in Viru-Nigula, Lääne-Virumaa, Estonia) is an Estonian social manager.	Heino Hankewitz	Estonia
country of citizenship	Drissa Kone is a djembe master drummer from Mali.	Drissa Kone	Mali
country of citizenship	Walter Dinnie (26 December 1850 -- 7 May 1923) was a New Zealand police commissioner, private detective and land board chairman.	Walter Dinnie	New Zealand
country of citizenship	So Sim-hyang (Chosŏn'gŭl: 서심향; born on 1 July 1992) is a freestyle wrestler from North Korea.	So Sim-hyang	North Korea
country of citizenship	Ilario Di Buò (born 13 December 1965 in Trieste) is an archer from Italy, who was formerly ranked number one in the world.	Ilario Di Buò	Italy
country of citizenship	Albert Mousson, full name Johann Rudolf Albert Mousson, (17 March 1805, Solothurn - 16 November 1890) was a physicist and a malacologist from Switzerland.	Albert Mousson	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Oswald Tschirtner (1920 in Perchtoldsdorf, Lower Austria -- 20 May 2007) was a schizophrenic artist from Austria with the ``pseudonym'' of O.T.	Oswald Tschirtner	Austria
country of citizenship	Nina Breeder (born in 1982 in Genova, Italy), is an Italian contemporary artist based in New York.	Nina Breeder	Italy
country of citizenship	Miguel Acevedo was a featherweight professional boxer from Cuba.	Miguel Acevedo	Cuba
country of citizenship	Hervé Tchami (born 20 February 1988 in Fopounga) is a Cameroonian professional footballer, who plays for Turkish club Giresunspor and the Cameroon national team.	Hervé Tchami	Cameroon
country of citizenship	Henry Manders (d. 5 January 1891 aged 62y) was a 19th-century Member of Parliament in the Otago region of New Zealand.	Henry Manders	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Zsuzsanna Laky (born 17 April 1984 in Nagykanizsa, Zala, Hungary) is a former beauty contestant and Miss Europe 2003.	Zsuzsanna Laky	Hungary
country of citizenship	Carlos Grätzer is an Argentine composer born in Buenos Aires, Argentina, in 1956.	Carlos Grätzer	Argentina
country of citizenship	George Edward Downs (25 July 1856 -- 2 April 1936 at Adelaide, South Australia) was a cricket Test match umpire.	George Edward Downs	Australia
country of citizenship	José Meiffret (1913-1983, born Boulouris, France) was a cyclist who set a world motor-paced speed record of 204.73 km/h (127.243 mi/h) behind a Mercedes-Benz 300SL on the German Autobahn on July 19, 1962 at Freiburg Germany.	José Meiffret	France
country of citizenship	In the 1990s, Italo Rota began considering a possible return to Italy.	Italo Rota	Italy
country of citizenship	Michael van Poppel (born December 20, 1989 in Tilburg, the Netherlands) is the founder and President of BNO News.	Michael van Poppel	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Khalil el-Moumni (born 1 July 1941, Beni Mansour, Morocco) is a Moroccan imam who preaches at the An-Nasr Mosque in Rotterdam, the Netherlands.	Khalil el-Moumni	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Carlos Castaño Gil (May 16, 1965 -- April 16, 2004) was the founder of the Peasant Self-Defense Forces of Córdoba and Urabá (ACCU), an extreme right paramilitary organization in Colombia.	Carlos Castaño Gil	Colombia
country of citizenship	Katharina Löwel (born 22 January 1982 in Berlin, Germany), better known under her stage name Kitty Kat or Kitten Ket, is a German rapper and singer.	Kitty Kat	Germany
country of citizenship	As late as 2009, the Beverley Sisters appeared in concerts and matinee shows in the United Kingdom.	Beverley Sisters	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	Narciso Vernizzi (October 21, 1918 in Italy - July 11, 2005 in São Roque, São Paulo, Brazil) was a Brazilian sports journalist and a radio broadcaster.	Narciso Vernizzi	Brazil
country of citizenship	Gert Bolmer (born April 25, 1983, Almelo, Netherlands) is a professional horse rider competing in dressage.	Gert Bolmer	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Axel Rodrigues de Arruda, commonly known simply as Axel (born January 9, 1970 in Santos, Brazil) is a Brazilian football player.	Axel Rodrigues de Arruda	Brazil
country of citizenship	Peter Roh (born at Conthey (Gunthis) in the canton of Valais, Switzerland, 14 August 1811; d. at Bonn, Germany, 17 May 1872) was a Swiss Jesuit preacher.	Peter Roh	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Mark Hemel (born 1966 in Emmen, Netherlands) is a Dutch architect and designer, and co-founder (with Barbara Kuit) of the Amsterdam-based architectural practice Information Based Architecture (IBA).	Mark Hemel	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Since 2004, Geneviève Fraisse has also been a producer at France Culture (Europe ideas).	Geneviève Fraisse	France
country of citizenship	John Loewen (/ˈleɪvɛn/; born December 21, 1949) is a businessman and politician in Manitoba, Canada.	John Loewen	Canada
country of citizenship	Susanne Jonah-Lynn Georgi Puigcercós (born 27 July 1976 in Sjølund), commonly known as Susanne Georgi, is a Danish singer who lives and works in Andorra.	Susanne Georgi	Andorra
country of citizenship	Carl Sonnenschein (July 15, 1876 - February 20, 1929) was a German writer, the founder of the Catholic student movement in Germany.	Carl Sonnenschein	Germany
country of citizenship	Xhavit Haliti (born 8 March 1956 in Novo Selo, Peć, Kosovo) is a Kosovo Albanian politician and philosopher, linguist and one of the founders of the Kosovo Liberation Army.	Xhavit Haliti	Kosovo
country of citizenship	Ciriaco Taraxes is a classically educated composer, born in Serres, Greece near Thessalonika in 1969.	Ciriaco Taraxes	Greece
country of citizenship	Son of Eugenio Dittborn, Consul general of Chile in Brazil in the mid-1920s, Carlos Dittborn was born in Rio de Janeiro in 1924, but returned to Chile when he was 4 years old.	Carlos Dittborn	Chile
country of citizenship	Carmelo Abbate (born 5 August 1971 in Castelbuono, Italy) is an Italian journalist and reporter.	Carmelo Abbate	Italy
country of citizenship	Serdar Özbayraktar (born November 22, 1981 in Hopa, Turkey), is a Turkish football player who last played for Elazığspor in the striker and right winger positions.	Serdar Özbayraktar	Turkey
country of citizenship	Neyyattinkara Vasudevan (1940--13 May 2008) was a Carnatic music vocalist from Kerala in south India.	Neyyattinkara Vasudevan	India
country of citizenship	Tekur Subramanyam (ಟೇಕೂರು ಸುಬ್ರಮಣ್ಯಂ) was an Indian Freedom Fighter and politician from Bellary, India.	Tekur Subramanyam	India
country of citizenship	Wasis Diop (born 1950 in Dakar, Senegal) is a Senegalese musician of international renown, known for blending traditional Senegalese folk music with modern pop and jazz.	Wasis Diop	Senegal
country of citizenship	Sara Lawrence (born 1985) was the representative for Jamaica in the Miss World 2006 beauty pageant.	Sara Lawrence	Jamaica
country of citizenship	Giovanni Bonello (born on 11 June 1936 in Floriana, Malta) was Judge of the European Court of Human Rights from 1 November 1998 until 31 October 2004.	Giovanni Bonello	Malta
country of citizenship	Gul Agha Sherzai (Pashto: ګل آغا شيرزی‎), also known as Mohammad Shafiq, is a politician in Afghanistan.	Gul Agha Sherzai	Afghanistan
country of citizenship	Karoline Herfurth was born in East Berlin, East Germany, the daughter of a psychologist mother and a geriatric nurse practitioner father.	Karoline Herfurth	East Germany
country of citizenship	Uwini was Makalaka leader from Zimbabwe.	Uwini	Zimbabwe
country of citizenship	Mike Mayhew (born 1980), is a Stuckist artist and painter based in New Zealand.	Mike Mayhew	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Eveline Peleman (born 1993) from Ghent , Belgium is the current rowing world champion of 2014.	Eveline Peleman	Belgium
country of citizenship	Ray Werner (c. 1935 -- March 1998) was the third on the Alberta Avenue CC curling team (from Edmonton, Alberta, Canada) during the World Curling Championships known as the 1961 Scotch Cup.	Ray Werner	Canada
country of citizenship	William Pridham (February 17, 1841 -- March 29, 1919) was an English-born drover and political figure in Ontario, Canada.	William Pridham	Canada
country of citizenship	Thihathu (Burmese: သီဟသူ, pronounced: (θìha̰ðù); 1265--1325) was a co-founder of the Myinsaing Kingdom, and the founder of the Pinya Kingdom in today's central Burma (Myanmar).	Thihathu	Myanmar
country of citizenship	Alina Buchschacher (born 19 July 1991) is a Swiss business woman, model and beauty pageant titleholder who won the title of Miss Switzerland 2011 and represented her country in Miss Universe 2012.	Alina Buchschacher	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Rachael Rakena, born 1969 in Wellington, is a New Zealand artist of Māori (Ngāpuhi and Ngāi Tahu) descent.	Rachael Rakena	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Sebastián Rozental Igualt (Hebrew: סבסטיאן רוזנטל‎, born September 1, 1976 in Santiago, Chile) is a retired Chilean-Israeli professional football (soccer) player.	Sebastián Rozental	Chile
country of citizenship	Joseph Wladislas Edmond Potocki de Montalk (14 February 1836--6 September 1901) was a New Zealand language teacher and storekeeper .	Joseph Wladislas Edmond Potocki de Montalk	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Irakli Ochiauri (Georgian: ირაკლი ოჩიაური, Russian: Иракли Очиаури; November 20, 1924 -- December 4, 2015) was a Georgian painter and sculptor who was awarded the Shota Rustaveli State Prize, the highest prize in Georgia in the fields of art and literature.	Irakli Ochiauri	Georgia
country of citizenship	Sandrine François (born December 1980 in Paris) is a French singer who represented France at the 2002 Eurovision Song Contest.	Sandrine François	France
country of citizenship	Samuel Brunton (born 20 February 1990) is a New Zealand rugby league player.	Samuel Brunton	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Imoro Yakubu Kakpagu (born February 1958) is a Ghanaian politician and a former member of the Parliament of Ghana for the Kumbungu constituency in the Northern Region of Ghana from 2005 to 2013.	Imoro Yakubu Kakpagu	Ghana
country of citizenship	Adolfo Castelo (August 29, 1935 -- November 23, 2004) was a journalist and television host in Argentina.	Adolfo Castelo	Argentina
country of citizenship	Brynjólfur Sveinsson (14 September 1605 -- 5 August 1675) served as the Lutheran Bishop of the see of Skálholt in Iceland.	Brynjólfur Sveinsson	Iceland
country of citizenship	Stein Rokkan was born on the Lofoten archipelago in the far north of Norway and raised in the nearby town of Narvik.	Stein Rokkan	Norway
country of citizenship	Oumar Mariko (born 4 February 1959) is a Mali doctor, politician and noted former student activist.	Oumar Mariko	Mali
country of citizenship	Hermes Martínez Misal (born September 23, 1979 in Valledupar, Colombia) is a Colombian professional soccer player.	Hermes Martínez Misal	Colombia
country of citizenship	Mehetabel Newman (1822--1908) was a New Zealand missionary, letter-writer, teacher and homemaker.	Mehetabel Newman	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Sitthichai Pokai-udom (Thai: สิทธิชัย โภไคยอุดม, born 10 November 1948) was appointed Information and Communications Technology Minister of Thailand in 2006 by a military junta.	Sitthichai Pokai-udom	Thailand
country of citizenship	Marieke van den Ham (born 21 January 1983 in Wierden, Overijssel) is a water polo player of the Netherlands who represents the Dutch national team in international competitions.	Marieke van den Ham	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Zhang Jingwu (Chinese: 张经武) (September 3, 1906 -- October 27, 1971) was a lieutenant general of the People's Liberation Army and People's Republic of China politician.	Zhang Jingwu	People's Republic of China
country of citizenship	Colonel Guillermo Flores Avendaño (17 June 1894 -- 1 July 1982) was President of Guatemala from 27 October 1957 until 2 March 1958, when he was appointed Minister of Defence in the government of Miguel Ydígoras.	Guillermo Flores Avendaño	Guatemala
country of citizenship	Héctor Soberón Lorenzo (born August 11, 1964 in Mexico City, Mexico), better known as Héctor Soberón, is a Mexican actor.	Héctor Soberón	Mexico
country of citizenship	Archbishop Fulgence Rabemahafaly (born 23 May 1951 in Miarinavaratra) is the Archbishop of the Archdiocese of Fianarantsoa in Fianarantsoa, Madagascar.	Fulgence Rabemahafaly	Madagascar
country of citizenship	Tao Xingzhi (Chinese: 陶行知; pinyin: Táo Xíngzhī; Wade--Giles: T'ao Hsing-chih; 1891--1946), was a renowned Chinese educator and reformer in the Republic of China mainland era.	Tao Xingzhi	China
country of citizenship	Simona Koch (born May 27, 1968 in Berlin) is a retired diver from Germany, who competed for her native country at two Summer Olympics, in 1992 and 1996.	Simona Koch	Germany
country of citizenship	Michael McCleary, better known as Mikey McCleary is a New Zealand songwriter, composer, performer, producer and director living in Mumbai, India since 2007.	Mikey McCleary	New Zealand
country of citizenship	António Araújo (born 28 September 1923; Paredes, Portugal) is a former Portuguese football player who played as forward.	António Araújo	Portugal
country of citizenship	Chen Yun (simplified Chinese: 陈云; traditional Chinese: 陳雲; pinyin: Chén Yún, pronounced (ʈʂʰə̌n y̌n); 13 June 1905 -- 10 April 1995) was one of the most influential leaders of the People's Republic of China during the 1980s and 90's.	Chen Yun	People's Republic of China
country of citizenship	Jean Galtier-Boissière (b. December 26, 1891 -- January 22, 1966) was a writer, polemist, and journalist from Paris, France.	Jean Galtier-Boissière	France
country of citizenship	Mohammad Ali Hosseini (In Persian: محمد علی حسینی) was the deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs of Iran.	Mohammad Ali Hosseini	Iran
country of citizenship	Supakorn Kitsuwon (Thai: ศุภกรณ์ กิจสุวรรณ, born December 28, 1972 in Uthai Thani Province, Thailand) is a Thai film and stage actor.	Supakorn Kitsuwon	Thailand
country of citizenship	Jean Begg (7 October 1886--15 February 1971) was a New Zealand welfare worker and administrator, feminist.	Jean Begg	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Adolf Bogstad (22 April 1920 -- 13 February 1945) was a Norwegian resistance member who was killed during the occupation of Norway by Nazi Germany.	Adolf Bogstad	Norway
country of citizenship	Yevhen Bokhashvili (Ukrainian: Євген Олександрович Бохашвілі; born 5 January 1993 in Dnipropetrovsk, Ukraine) is a professional Ukrainian football striker who belongs to Dnipro Dnipropetrovsk.	Yevhen Bokhashvili	Ukraine
country of citizenship	She was a pioneer of evangelical and social work for criminals and for orphans and neglected children in San Juan, Puerto Rico, Sally Olsen was born in Bergen, Norway.	Sally Olsen	Norway
country of citizenship	Jaya Hartono ( born October 20, 1963, in Medan, North Sumatera) is a football coach from Indonesia.	Jaya Hartono	Indonesia
country of citizenship	Cyparissos Stephanos (Greek: Κυπάρισσος Στέφανος, also transliterated as Kyparissos Stefanos; 11 May 1857 in Kea, Greece -- 27 December 1917 in Athens) was a Greek mathematician who introduced desmic systems.	Cyparissos Stephanos	Greece
country of citizenship	Lachlan Buchanan was born in Australia in 1990 growing up in Maleny.	Lachlan Buchanan	Australia
country of citizenship	Bashir Ahmad Bezan is a citizen of Afghanistan who was a candidate in Afghanistan's 2009 Presidential elections.	Bashir Ahmad Bezan	Afghanistan
country of citizenship	Ola Sundt Ravnestad (born May 31, 1961 in Gloppen, Norway) is a Norwegian businessperson, banker and entrepreneur.	Ola Sundt Ravnestad	Norway
country of citizenship	Richard Buckman, (born 27 May 1989 in Palmerston North, New Zealand), is a New Zealand rugby union player who plays for the Highlanders in the Super Rugby competition.	Richard Buckman	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Gary Masyk (born 1960) is a businessman and politician in Alberta, Canada.	Gary Masyk	Canada
country of citizenship	Chai Ling (Chinese: 柴玲; Pinyin: Chái Líng) (born April 15, 1966 in Rizhao, Shandong Province, People's Republic of China) was one of the student leaders in the Tian'anmen Square event of 1989.	Chai Ling	People's Republic of China
country of citizenship	Gonzalo Taborda (born in San Francisco, Argentina) is a former Argentine footballer currently played for Clubs of Argentina, Chile and Uruguay.	Gonzalo Taborda	Argentina
country of citizenship	Albertina Ho SH, MH (born in Southeast Maluku January 1, 1960) is a career woman judge at the General Court under the Supreme Court of the Republic of Indonesia.	Albertina Ho	Indonesia
country of citizenship	Roger David Spencer (born 6 October 1945) is an Australia horticultural botanist who was born at Alfreton, Derbyshire.	Roger David Spencer	Australia
country of citizenship	François Crépin (30 October 1830 -- 30 April 1903) was an important botanist of the 19th century and director of the National Botanic Garden of Belgium.	François Crépin	Belgium
country of citizenship	Simion Movilă, a boyar of the Movileşti family, was twice Prince of Wallachia (October 1600 -- 3 July 1601; August 1601 -- August 1602) and Prince of Moldavia on one occasion (10 July 1606 -- 24 September 1607).	Simion Movilă	Wallachia	Moldavia
country of citizenship	Joseph Paul Iribe was born in Angoulême, France in 1883, of a father born in Pau (Béarn), Jules Jean Iribe (1836-1914).	Paul Iribe	France
country of citizenship	Dhina (also credited as Dheena) (Tamil: தினா; born on 15 January 1966) is an Indian film composer and television series composer from Tamil Nadu, India.	Dhina	India
country of citizenship	E.E. K. Kurankyi-Taylor (1922 in Cape Coast, Ghana - 1959 in Manchester) was a prominent Ghanaian judge and activist.	Kurankyi-Taylor	Ghana
country of citizenship	Yevgeny Morgunov was one of Russia's leading comic actors.	Yevgeny Morgunov	Russia
country of citizenship	Gustave Sandré (1843--1916) was director of the Nancy Conservatoire in eastern France, where Florent Schmitt was one of his pupils.	Gustave Sandré	France
country of citizenship	Teresa Burga (Iquitos, Peru, 1935) is a multimedia artist whose conceptualist pieces from the late 1960s and 1970s position her as a precursor of media art, technology-based art, and installation art in Peru.	Teresa Burga	Peru
country of citizenship	Shkumbin Arsllani (Macedonian: Шкумбин Арслани, Škumbin Arslani; born 27 February 1980) is an Albanian football player from Republic of Macedonia, playing for JJK.	Shkumbin Arsllani	Macedonia
country of citizenship	Marta Brunet (August 9, 1897 in Chillán, Chile -- October 27, 1967 in Montevideo), was a Chilean writer.	Marta Brunet	Chile
country of citizenship	Aaron Rule (born 1967) has served three terms (2006--07; 2007--08; & 2009--10) as the mayor of Campbelltown in New South Wales, Australia.	Aaron Rule	Australia
country of citizenship	Johan Kobborg was born in Odense, Denmark into an artistic family; his mother is a former showgirl and actress and his brother is an actor.	Johan Kobborg	Denmark
country of citizenship	Edward MacLysaght (Irish: Éamonn Mac Giolla Iasachta; 6 November 1887 -- 4 March 1986) was one of the foremost genealogists of twentieth century Ireland.	Edward MacLysaght	Ireland
country of citizenship	Deborah Burrows (née Williams) was born in Perth, Western Australia in 1959.	Deborah Burrows	Australia
country of citizenship	Jayavarman II (Khmer: ជ័យវរ្ម័នទី២) (c. 770--835) was a 9th-century king of Cambodia, widely recognized as the founder of the Khmer Empire, which ruled much of the Southeast Asian mainland for more than six hundred years.	Jayavarman II	Cambodia
country of citizenship	Alan Abela Wadge will also contest the Next Maltese general election in which he'll be contesting on the 9th Political district in the Districts of Malta.	Alan Abela Wadge	Malta
country of citizenship	Eve Boswell (born Eva Keleti, 11 May 1922, Budapest, Hungary -- 14 August 1998, Durban, South Africa) was a successful pop singer in Britain in the 1950s.	Eve Boswell	Hungary
country of citizenship	Jure Francetić (3 July 1912 -- 27/28 December 1942) was a Croatian Ustaša Commissioner for the Bosnia and Herzegovina regions of the Independent State of Croatia (NDH) during World War II, and commander of the 1st Ustaše Regiment of the Ustaše Militia, later known as the Black Legion.	Jure Francetić	Croatia
country of citizenship	Roller Cambindo (born October 29, 1978 in Buenaventura (Valle del Cauca), Colombia) is a Colombian footballer currently playing for Los Caimanes of the Peruvian Segunda División.	Roller Cambindo	Colombia
country of citizenship	Jonathan Mwe di Malila also known as Jonathan Malila, (born 1 April 1993, Kinshasa, Democratic Republic of the Congo) is a congolese-born Artist living and working in Cologne, Germany.	Jonathan Mwe di Malila	Democratic Republic of the Congo
country of citizenship	Count Ossie, born Oswald Williams (1926, St. Thomas, Jamaica - 18 October 1976) was a Jamaican drummer and band leader.	Count Ossie	Jamaica
country of citizenship	Prem Nath Dogra was a leader from Jammu and Kashmir who worked for total integration of the state with India.	Prem Nath Dogra	India
country of citizenship	Yalçın Akdoğan (born 22 September 1969) is a Turkish politician who has served as Deputy Prime Minister of Turkey since 2014.	Yalçın Akdoğan	Turkey
country of citizenship	Jerome Froese (born 24 November 1970, Berlin, Germany) is a German musician who, in 1990, officially joined his father, Edgar Froese in the band Tangerine Dream.	Jerome Froese	Germany
country of citizenship	Birkir Hólm Guðnason (born 6 May 1974, Iceland) is an Icelandic business leader and CEO of Icelandair, the flag carrier airline in Iceland.	Birkir Hólm Guðnason	Iceland
country of citizenship	Isabella de Leon or Isabelle de Leon (born in Manila) is an actress, singer and songwriter in the Philippines.	Isabella de Leon	Philippines
country of citizenship	Pere Bosch-Gimpera (1891 in Barcelona, Catalonia -- 1974 in Mexico) was a Spanish-born Mexican archaeologist and anthropologist.	Pere Bosch-Gimpera	Mexico
country of citizenship	Fernando González Gortázar (born 19 October 1942, Mexico City) is a Mexican architect and sculptor, considered to be one of the most influential Mexican architects of the 20th century.	Fernando González Gortázar	Mexico
country of citizenship	Alfred Savill (1829 - 1905) was the founder of Savills, one of the United Kingdom's largest estate agents.	Alfred Savill	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	Eric Henry Compton (14 March 1902--2 April 1982) was a New Zealand policeman, police commissioner and farmer.	Eric Henry Compton	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Eldbjørg Raknes (born 9 February 1970 in Midsund, Norway) is a Norwegian jazz vocalist known for her a cappella vocal performances, innovative improvised vocals and electronic effects.	Eldbjørg Raknes	Norway
country of citizenship	Yannis Stavrou (Greece, 1948 -- ) is a contemporary Greek artist, painter.	Yannis Stavrou	Greece
country of citizenship	Zareh Sinanyan was born in Yerevan, Armenia, in 1973 and attended the local school No. 172.	Zareh Sinanyan	Armenia
country of citizenship	Wayne Thomas Patterson is a fraudster who used 123 different identities to defraud the Ministry of Social Development (MSD) in New Zealand of an estimate $3.48 million in welfare benefits during 2003 and 2006.	Wayne Thomas Patterson	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Italian immigrant Santiago Queirolo Raggio arrived in Peru in the 1880s, joining a thriving Italian community that had been developing for years in the city of Lima.	Santiago Queirolo	Peru
country of citizenship	Valeria Lynch was born on January 7, 1952 in the neighborhood of Villa Urquiza, Buenos Aires, Argentina, the first child of the marriage of María Antonia Spano (Tony) and José Julio Lancellotti.	Valeria Lynch	Argentina
country of citizenship	Rufus Smith (MD) (November 19, 1766 - November 15, 1844) was a physician and politician in the British colonial Province of New Brunswick, Canada.	Rufus Smith	Canada
country of citizenship	Jaroslav Falta (born 22 March 1951) is a former motocross racer from the former Czechoslovakia.	Jaroslav Falta	Czechoslovakia
country of citizenship	Ō Rissei (王 立誠, Ō Rissei, Chinese: 王 立誠; pinyin: Wáng Lìchéng, born November 7, 1958) is a professional Go player in Japan.	Ō Rissei	Japan
country of citizenship	Tarcy Su (simplified Chinese: 苏慧伦; traditional Chinese: 蘇慧倫; pinyin: Sū Huìlún; born October 27, 1970 in Taipei, Taiwan) is a Taiwanese singer and actress who was popular in the 1990s during her recording career with Rock Records.	Tarcy Su	Taiwan
country of citizenship	Earlando Arrington Neil, better known by his stage name Early B, was an early dancehall and reggae deejay whose lyrics had a cultural bent, noted mainly in his hits Visit of King Selassie, History of Jamaica and Wheely Wheely, the latter an ode to bicycle-riding in Jamaica.	Early B	Jamaica
country of citizenship	When chaos broke out in central and northern China towards the end of the Han dynasty, Xu Sheng moved from his hometown to Wu Commandery (吳郡; capital in present-day Suzhou, Jiangsu) in southern China, where he gained a reputation for his bravery.	Xu Sheng	China
country of citizenship	Iryna Chuzhynova (born 7 August 1972) is a former road cyclist from Ukraine.	Iryna Chuzhynova	Ukraine
country of citizenship	Alessandro Riguccini (born 25 March 1988 in Florence, Italy) is an Italian kickboxer.	Alessandro Riguccini	Italy
country of citizenship	Sadegh Nojouki (Persian: صادق نوجوکی‎‎, born 1950 Tehran, Iran) is the Legendary Iranian musician, composer, songwriter and arranger of Persian pop and classic music.	Sadegh Nojouki	Iran
country of citizenship	Josef Vavroušek (September 15, 1944, in Prague, Czechoslovakia -- March 18, 1995, in Slovakia) was Czech environmentalist, scientist and politician, and founder of the Environment for Europe process.	Josef Vavroušek	Czechoslovakia
country of citizenship	Ralph Talmont (born 1963) is an Australian/Polish photographer, entrepreneur, multimedia producer and communications consultant, residing in Auckland, New Zealand and Warsaw, Poland.	Ralph Talmont	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Doug Richards-Jolley is a New Zealand rugby league player who represented his country.	Doug Richards-Jolley	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Alexey Ivanovich Borozdin was born on 29 March 1937 in the city of Kursk (USSR/Russia).	Alexey Ivanovich Borozdin	Russia
country of citizenship	Phoebe Di Tommaso (born 26 July 1990 in Brisbane, Australia) is an Australian figure skater.	Phoebe Di Tommaso	Australia
country of citizenship	Ayad Lamdassem (born October 11, 1981 in Sidi Ifni) is a Moroccan-born long distance runner who competes for Spain internationally.	Ayad Lamdassem	Spain
country of citizenship	Anton Walter Freud (3 April 1921 in Vienna, Austria -- 8 February 2004, Oxted, England) was a chemical engineer and a member of the Royal Pioneer Corps and the British Special Operations Executive.	Walter Freud	Austria
country of citizenship	Karl Rabe (29 October 1895, Pottendorf, Austria - 28 October 1968) was an automobile designer and was the Chief Designer at Porsche.	Karl Rabe	Austria
country of citizenship	John Talen (born 18 January 1965) is a former road racing cyclist from the Netherlands, who was a professional from 1987 to 2000.	John Talen	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Boediono (EYD: Budiono) (pronounced (budiˈjono); born 25 February 1943) was the Vice President of Indonesia from 2009 to 2014.	Boediono	Indonesia
country of citizenship	Born to an Andalusian family in Fériana, Tunisia, Mustapha Tlili was educated at the Sorbonne and in the United States.	Mustapha Tlili	Tunisia
country of citizenship	He also presented and starred in a documentary series called India with Sanjeev Bhaskar in which he travelled to India and visited his ancestral home in today's Pakistan.	Sanjeev Bhaskar	India
country of citizenship	Isabella Foster Rogers Kells (15 April 1861 -- 12 July 1938) was a New Zealand teacher, postmistress and community leader.	Isabella Foster Rogers Kells	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Stephanie Ashworth (born 1974, Melbourne, Australia) is a bassist, photographer, artist, and columnist, known for her music with Scared of Horses, and most recently, the Australian band Something for Kate, where she performs with her spouse, and the band's frontman, Paul Dempsey.	Stephanie Ashworth	Australia
country of citizenship	Reza Yazdani (Persian: رضا یزدانی‎‎, born August 25, 1984 in Juybar Iran) nicknamed The Leopard of Juybar, is an Iranian wrestler and two time World Champion, who won Gold in the 2011 World Wrestling Championships and 2013 World Wrestling Championships in the 96kg division.	Reza Yazdani	Iran
country of citizenship	Sharon Slann (born 12 February 1966 in Clare, South Australia) is a wheelchair basketball player from Australia.	Sharon Slann	Australia
country of citizenship	Karel Opočenský played for Czechoslovakia four times in the Chess Olympiads.	Karel Opočenský	Czechoslovakia
country of citizenship	Jean Louis Debilly, General of Brigade in the Grande Armée, was born 30 July 1763 in Dreux, Eure-et-Loire, France, and died 14 October 1806, in the French victory over the Kingdom of Prussia at the Battle of Jena-Auerstadt.	Jean Louis Debilly	France
country of citizenship	Lauris Reiniks (born July 11, 1979 in Dobele, Latvia) is a Latvian pop music singer, songwriter, television host, and actor.	Lauris Reiniks	Latvia
country of citizenship	Samuel Logan Edwards is a New Zealand former rugby league player.	Logan Edwards	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Mary Grannan was born into an Irish Canadian Roman Catholic family in Fredericton, New Brunswick, Canada on 11 February 1900.	Mary Grannan	Canada
country of citizenship	Malalai Joya (Pashto ملالۍ جویا) (born April 25, 1978) is an activist, writer, and a former politician from Afghanistan.	Malalai Joya	Afghanistan
country of citizenship	Dave Mullins is a New Zealand freediver and world record-holder.	Dave Mullins	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Dan Pița (Romanian pronunciation: (dan ˈpit͡sa); born 11 October 1938 in Dorohoi, Botoșani County, Romania) is a Romanian film director and screenwriter.	Dan Pița	Romania
country of citizenship	Edye Rolleston Manning was born in Australia on 14 February 1889, the son of William Alexander Manning, a solicitor practising in New South Wales, Australia.	Edye Rolleston Manning	Australia
country of citizenship	Dr. Christian Grönroos is since 1999 Professor of Service and Relationship Marketing (prior to that 1984-1999 Professor of International and Industrial Marketing) at Hanken School of Economics Finland (Svenska handelshögskolan) and chairman of the board of the research and knowledge centre CERS Centre for Relationship Marketing and Service Management of this business university.	Christian Grönroos	Finland
country of citizenship	Neha Kapur (Hindi: नेहा कपूर; born c. 1984) is an Indian model, actress and former beauty queen who won Femina Miss India in 2006 and represented India at the Miss Universe pageant that year.	Neha Kapur	India
country of citizenship	Major General Phạm Văn Phú (1927, Hà Đông, French Indochina -- 30 April 1975, Saigon, North Vietnam) was an officer in the Army of the Republic of Vietnam.	Phạm Văn Phú	Vietnam
country of citizenship	Ken Catran (born 16 May 1944) is a children's novelist and television screenwriter from New Zealand.	Ken Catran	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Horace Dean (10 November 1814 -- 8 May 1887) was an American adventurer who practiced as a doctor in Australia and was a journalist and political candidate at elections in South Australia and New South Wales.	Horace Dean	Australia
country of citizenship	Dr. Sahardjo LL.B., (26 June 1909 -- 13 November 1963; also spelled Saharjo) was Minister of Justice of Indonesia during three cabinets, the First, Second, and Third Working Cabinets.	Sahardjo	Indonesia
country of citizenship	Juliet Palmer is a contemporary composer living in Toronto, Canada	Juliet Palmer	Canada
country of citizenship	Guru Chenganoor Raman Pillai ചെങ്ങന്നൂര്‍ രാമന്‍പിള്ള in Malayalam, also spelt Chengannur Raman Pillai (1886--1980), was a celebrated Kathakali artist from Kerala in south India.	Chenganoor Raman Pillai	India
country of citizenship	Mostafa Sabri (Persian: مصطفی صبری‎; born 13 February 1984) is an Iranian football player who plays for Fajr Sepasi of the Iran Pro League.	Mostafa Sabri	Iran
country of citizenship	Ali Lashgari (Persian: علی لشگری‎) was an Iranian football player who played for Persepolis in Iran Pro League.	Ali Lashgari	Iran
country of citizenship	Nijolė Ambrazaitytė (born February 21, 1939 in Lazdijai district, Lithuania) is an opera singer, politician, and signatory of the 1990 Act of the Re-Establishment of the State of Lithuania.	Nijolė Ambrazaitytė	Lithuania
country of citizenship	Not only in Russia Tatiana Vedenska is a popular writer.	Tatiana Vedenska	Russia
country of citizenship	Farid Mostafavi (Persian: فرید مصطفوی‎‎), born 27 October 1954 in Tehran, Iran is an Iranian screenwriter best known for his social realist films set in urban Tehran, several of which were directed and co-written by Rakhshan Bani-Etemad.	Farid Mostafavi	Iran
country of citizenship	Tania Dalton (née Nicolson; born 26 November 1971) is a New Zealand former international netball player.	Tania Dalton	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Muhammad Masihullah Khan was born in 1329 or 1330 AH (1911/1912) in Sara’i Barla, a village in the Aligarh district of Uttar Pradesh, India.	Muhammad Masihullah Khan	India
country of citizenship	In August 2010, at nearly 31, Josemi left Spain for the second time, signing a three-year contract with Iraklis Thessaloniki FC.	Josemi	Spain
country of citizenship	Rabbi Pinchus Feldman OAM (born 1945) is the first Chabad shaliach (``emissary'') of the Chabad-Lubavitch Hasidic movement in New South Wales, Australia.	Pinchus Feldman	Australia
country of citizenship	Mak Erot (1907? -- 5 July 2008) was a lady from West Java, Indonesia.	Mak Erot	Indonesia
country of citizenship	Mohammad Yazdi (Persian: Mohamad Yazdi‎‎) (born 1931) is an Iranian cleric who served as the head of Judiciary System of Iran between 1989 and 1999.	Mohammad Yazdi	Iran
country of citizenship	Cristian Bugatti, also known as Bugo (born 1973 in Trecate, Italy) is an Italian singer-songwriter, artist and actor.	Bugo	Italy
country of citizenship	Christa-Elizabeth Goulakos (born March 3, 1988 in Montreal, Quebec) is a Canadian ice dancer who represents Greece internationally.	Christa-Elizabeth Goulakos	Greece
country of citizenship	Vilmos Böhm or Wilhelm Böhm (Hungarian: Böhm (Bőhm) Vilmos; 6 January 1880, Budapest -- 28 October 1949) was a Hungarian Social Democrat and Hungary's ambassador to Sweden after World War II. He is supposedly mentioned in the Venona telegrams as an information source of the soviets during the war.	Vilmos Böhm	Hungary
country of citizenship	Juan Carlos Zaldívar is a filmmaker and video artist who was born in Cuba.	Juan Carlos Zaldívar	Cuba
country of citizenship	Olinda Bozán Acosta was born 21 June 1894 in Rosario, Santa Fe, Argentina to Enrique Bozán (aka Bozánni) and Rosa Acosta.	Olinda Bozán	Argentina
country of citizenship	Sireli Ledua (born 12 December 1985 Suva, Fiji) is a Fijian rugby union footballer.	Sireli Ledua	Fiji
country of citizenship	Saud A.S. Al-Rasheed (Arabic: سعود الرشيد) (born January 30, 1981 in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia) became briefly wanted in 2002, by the United States Department of Justice's FBI, in a BOLO alert (Be On the Lookout).	Saud A.S. Al-Rasheed	Saudi Arabia
country of citizenship	Clementia of Hungary (French: Clémence; 1293--12 October 1328) was queen of France and Navarre as the second wife of King Louis X.	Clementia of Hungary	France
country of citizenship	Andrés Sebastián Soria Quintana (Arabic: أندريس سيبستيان سوريا كوينتانا‎, born in Paysandú, Uruguay) commonly known as Sebastián Soria, is a Qatari footballer who plays as a striker for Al-Rayan SC and the Qatar national team.	Sebastián Soria	Uruguay	Qatar
country of citizenship	The roster of singers interpreting Medina's songs includes performers from Argentina, Bolivia, Brazil, Colombia, Chile, Cuba, the Dominican Republic, France, Mexico, Nicaragua, Portugal, Spain, and the U.S.A. Tony Medina wrote over 600 songs in various musical genres.	Tony Medina	Cuba
country of citizenship	Catherine Texier, novelist, journalist, and creative writing professor, was born and raised in France and now lives in New York City.	Catherine Texier	France
country of citizenship	Henry Maske (born 6 January 1964, in Treuenbrietzen, Brandenburg) is a German former professional boxer, and one of Germany's most popular sports figures.	Henry Maske	Germany
country of citizenship	István Fodor (born 2 March 1945) is a former Hungarian politician, who served as Speaker of the National Assembly of Hungary between 1989 and 1990.	István Fodor	Hungary
country of citizenship	Ramchandra Narayan Dandekar (1909-- 2001) was an Indologist and Vedic scholar from Maharashtra, India.	Ramchandra Narayan Dandekar	India
country of citizenship	Poonamben Veljibhai Jat (born 9 April 1971) is an Indian Politician belonging to the Bharatiya Janata Party.She was elected to the Lok Sabha, lower house of the Parliament of India from the Kachchh constituency in 2009.	Poonamben Veljibhai Jat	India
country of citizenship	Giuseppe Forni is a paralympic athlete from Switzerland competing mainly in category T51 racing events.	Giuseppe Forni	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Shaban Nditi (born 1983) is a Tanzanian footballer who plays club football for Mtibwa Sugar FC and international football for Tanzania.	Shaban Nditi	Tanzania
country of citizenship	Ajaan Suwat Suvaco (August 27, 1919 -- April 5, 2001 in Buriram), born in Thailand, was a Buddhist monk who founded four monasteries in the western United States.	Ajaan Suwat Suvaco	Thailand
country of citizenship	Per-Mathias Høgmo (born 1 December 1959) is a football manager from Norway and former player, he is the current manager of the Norway national football team.	Per-Mathias Høgmo	Norway
country of citizenship	Ezequiel Paulón (born January 4, 1976 in Puerto Deseado, Santa Cruz) is a field hockey defender from Argentina who twice represented his country in the Olympics, in 2000 and the 2004.	Ezequiel Paulón	Argentina
country of citizenship	Walid Bidani (born 11 June 1994 in Maghnia, Algeria) is an Algerian weightlifter.	Walid Bidani	Algeria
country of citizenship	Luis Delgadillo formed part of the youth teams of Club Atlas and played in the team of Segunda Division de Mexico.	Luis Delgadillo	Mexico
country of citizenship	Berdymyrat Nurmyradow (Russian: Бердымурад Нурмурадов; born 28 August 1968 in USSR) is a Turkmenistan professional football player and manager.	Berdymyrat Nurmyradow	Turkmenistan
country of citizenship	A. Maria Irudayam (born 1956 in Chennai, India) is a two-time World Carrom Champion and nine-time national champion of India.	A. Maria Irudayam	India
country of citizenship	Guðjón Már Guðjónsson (born 1972 in Reykjavík, Iceland) is an Icelandic entrepreneur and the CEO of OZ. Guðjón has driven the research, development and design of many leading-edge technologies and is the author of several granted patents.	Guðjón Már Guðjónsson	Iceland
country of citizenship	Kasia Banas (born 1973 in Wrocław, Poland) is a Polish artist.	Kasia Banas	Poland
country of citizenship	Natasha Suri is an Indian Supermodel and former Miss India World.	Natasha Suri	India
country of citizenship	Hassan al-Imam (Arabic: حسن الإمام‎) (March 15, 1919 in Mansoura, Egypt -- January 29, 1988) was a prominent Egyptian film director.	Hassan al-Imam	Egypt
country of citizenship	Sean Garlick (born 6 August 1970 in Sydney, Australia) is an Australian former rugby league footballer, former policeman, former actor and now a businessman.	Sean Garlick	Australia
country of citizenship	As a child, Coppé travelled frequently between Japan and Hawaii, and also lived for a while in Arizona.	Coppé	Japan
country of citizenship	Andrew Meredith (born 24 April 1972 in Adelaide, Australia) is the current Head of Analysis at German Football Club FC St.Pauli located in Hamburg, while also holding the role of Technical Analyst with the Australian National Football team the Socceroos.	Andrew Meredith	Australia
country of citizenship	Avrohom Yeshaya Karelitz, (7 November 1878 -- 24 October 1953), popularly known by the name of his magnum opus, Chazon Ish, was a Belarusian born Orthodox rabbi who later became one of the leaders of Haredi Judaism in Israel, where his final 20 years, from 1933 to 1953, were spent.	Avrohom Yeshaya Karelitz	Israel
country of citizenship	Marios Antoniades (Greek: Μάριος Αντωνιάδης; born 14 May 1990 in Nicosia, Cyprus) is a Cypriot international footballer who plays as a left back for APOEL in the Cypriot First Division.	Marios Antoniades	Cyprus
country of citizenship	Dafna Dekel (Hebrew: דפנה דקל‎; born on 7 May 1966, in Ashdod, Israel) is an Israeli singer, actress and television personality.	Dafna Dekel	Israel
country of citizenship	Joseph Biner (1697, Gluringen, Switzerland--March 24, 1766, Torrenburg, Germany) was a Roman Catholic canonist, historian, and theologian.	Joseph Biner	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Charles Frederick Newham (21 June 1880 -- 11 July 1960) was a New Zealand photographer and filmmaker.	Charles Frederick Newham	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Gonzalo de Salazar (b. Granada, Spain; died c. 1564, New Spain) was an aristocrat, and leader of several councils that governed New Spain while Hernán Cortés was traveling to Honduras, in 1525−26.	Gonzalo de Salazar	Spain
country of citizenship	Győző Martos (born 15 December 1949 in Budapest) is a Hungarian football player who participated in the 1978 and 1982 World Cup where Hungary was eliminated in the first round.	Győző Martos	Hungary
country of citizenship	Kylian Mash earned his first gold record in 2008 with the project ``Discobitch'' and his huge hit ``C'est beau la bourgeoisie'' (# 1 Top Single and # 1 clubs for 13 weeks in France).	Kylian Mash	France
country of citizenship	Trisha Silvers (born 19 April 1981 in Melbourne, Victoria) became known in Australia for surviving the tsunami of 26 December 2004, in which her new husband Troy Broadbridge was killed.	Trisha Silvers	Australia
country of citizenship	Bob Osim, also written as Bob Usim, (born 15 July 1980, in Lagos, Nigeria) is a Nigeria national football team international footballer.	Bob Osim	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Mohannad Asseri (born 14 October 1986) is a Saudi Arabian footballer who plays for Al-Wahda and Saudi Arabia national football team as a striker.	Mohannad Asseri	Saudi Arabia
country of citizenship	Kenneth Scicluna (born 15 June 1979 in Pietà, Malta) is a professional footballer currently playing for Maltese Premier League side Qormi.	Kenneth Scicluna	Malta
country of citizenship	Nattawut Madyalan (Thai: ณัฐวุฒิ หมัดยะลาน; rtgs: Natthawut Matyalan), is a Thai futsal Winger, and currently a member of Thailand national futsal team.	Nattawut Madyalan	Thailand
country of citizenship	Philip Boampong (born 1 January 1990 in Ghana) is a Ghanaian footballer.	Philip Boampong	Ghana
country of citizenship	Zdeněk Doležal (born September 1, 1931) is a pair skater who competed internationally for Czechoslovakia.	Zdeněk Doležal	Czechoslovakia
country of citizenship	Clemens Kapuuo (16 March 1923 -- 27 March 1978) was a Namibian school teacher, shopkeeper and chief of the Herero people of Namibia.	Clemens Kapuuo	Namibia
country of citizenship	Tamás Benkócs studied music at the Franz Liszt Academy of Music, in Budapest, Hungary, where he studied with Laszlo Hara, Jozsef Vajda and Tibor Fulemile.	Tamás Benkócs	Hungary
country of citizenship	Roberto Garrido Padin (born 1945 in Brazil) is a bishop of the Independent Catholic Church, based at the church of Santa Barbara in Salvador de Bahia, Northern Brazil.	Roberto Garrido Padin	Brazil
country of citizenship	Norberto Galasso (born Buenos Aires, 28 July 1936) is a historian and essayist from Argentina, who wrote numerous books related about the history of Argentina.	Norberto Galasso	Argentina
country of citizenship	Brad Heald (born 3 March 1983, Sydney, New South Wales, Australia) is the current bass guitarist in the Australian garage rock band The Vines and former lead guitarist of Sydney band Red Riders.	Brad Heald	Australia
country of citizenship	Fulgencio R. Moreno (born November 9, 1872 in Valle del Tapuá, Paraguay) was a Paraguayan journalist, financial expert, statesman and one of the most serious researchers of the Paraguayan history.	Fulgencio R. Moreno	Paraguay
country of citizenship	Claire Oberman (born 1956) is a Dutch-born British and New Zealand-raised actress, known for her role as Australian nurse Kate Norris in the television drama Tenko.	Claire Oberman	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Marco Vinicio Redondo Quirós is a deputy from Cartago, serving in the Legislative Assembly of Costa Rica for the 2014-2018 legislative session.	Marco Vinicio Redondo Quirós	Costa Rica
country of citizenship	Joe Luwi is a Solomon Islands football player.	Joe Luwi	Solomon Islands
country of citizenship	J. Eduardo Eric del Castillo-Negrete Galván (born July 22, 1934 in Celaya, Guanajuato, Mexico), is a Mexican actor of theatre, film and television who has dabbled as a screenwriter, director and arguer film, beginning his career in the cinema's golden era.	Eric del Castillo	Mexico
country of citizenship	Andy Grant (born June 7, 1984) is a retired middle distance runner from Saint Vincent and the Grenadines.	Andy Grant	Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
country of citizenship	Álvaro Molina is a Grand Prix motorcycle racer from Spain.	Álvaro Molina	Spain
country of citizenship	Lê Trang Tông (chữ Hán: 黎莊宗: born c. 1514, reigned 1533--1548) was the 11th emperor-king of the later Lê dynasty of Vietnam, although under the power of general Mạc Đăng Dung.	Lê Trang Tông	Vietnam
country of citizenship	William Kiplagat (born June 21, 1972) is a long-distance runner from Kenya.	William Kiplagat	Kenya
country of citizenship	Nora Guanzon Villanueva-Daza (December 2, 1928 -- September 13, 2013), popularly known as Chef Nora Daza, was a veteran gourmet chef, restaurateur, socio-civic leader, television host and cookbook author in the Philippines.	Nora Daza	Philippines
country of citizenship	Alberto Portugheis is a pianist, born on January 1, 1941 in La Plata, Argentina, to parents of Russian and Romanian descent.	Alberto Portugheis	Argentina
country of citizenship	Charles George Tripp (1 July 1826 -- 6 July 1897) was a pioneering sheep farmer in South Canterbury, New Zealand.	Charles George Tripp	New Zealand
country of citizenship	And Other Related Issues, Circa on Jellicoe, Johannesburg, South Africa Zwelethu Mthethwa, iArt Gallery, Cape Town 2009 Zwelethu Mthethwa:	Zwelethu Mthethwa	South Africa
country of citizenship	Stefano Lorenzini (born around 1652, Florence, Italy -- date of death unknown) was an Italian physician and noted ichthyologist.	Stefano Lorenzini	Italy
country of citizenship	The Hokkien name implies that Huang Senping was a native of Fujian, China.	Huang Senping	China
country of citizenship	Brad Clark (born 1960) is a former Canadian politician in Ontario, Canada.	Brad Clark	Canada
country of citizenship	Herodes Jr. (born September 18, 1990 in San Nicolás de los Garza, Nuevo Leon, Mexico) is a Mexican luchador, or professional wrestler best known for working for the Mexican professional wrestling promotion Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre (CMLL) portraying a rudo (``bad guy'') wrestling character.	Herodes Jr.	Mexico
country of citizenship	Fu Bingchang (Chinese: 傅秉常; 1895-1965, aged 70; known as Foo Ping-sheung) was a diplomat and politician in the early Republic of China and later in Taiwan.	Fu Bingchang	China
country of citizenship	Karl Buresch (12 October 1878 - 16 September 1936) was a lawyer, Christian-Social politician and Chancellor of Austria during the First Republic.	Karl Buresch	Austria
country of citizenship	Kgebetli Moele is a South African writer born in Polokwane, South Africa, best known for his novels Room 206, UNTITLED and The Book of the Dead.	Kgebetli Moele	South Africa
country of citizenship	Manuel Rocha Iturbide (born 1963 in Mexico City) is a Mexican composer and sound artist.	Manuel Rocha Iturbide	Mexico
country of citizenship	Bessie Lee Cowie (10 June 1860--18 April 1950) was a New Zealand temperance campaigner, social reformer, lecturer and writer.	Bessie Lee Cowie	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Omari Aldridge (born 6 February 1984 in Coquitlam, British Columbia, Canada) is a Saint Vincent and the Grenadines football striker, who currently plays for Khalsa Sporting Club.	Omari Aldridge	Canada
country of citizenship	Annie Chidzira Muluzi is the former First Lady of Malawi and wife of Bakili Muluzi.	Annie Chidzira Muluzi	Malawi
country of citizenship	Taleb Nematpour (Persian: طالب نعمت‌پور‎, born 19 September 1984 in Koohdasht, Iran) is an Iranian wrestler.	Taleb Nematpour	Iran
country of citizenship	Petra Joy (born 1964 in Kempten, West Germany) is an award-winning German feminist film director, film producer, TV producer, distributor, author, and photographer.	Petra Joy	Germany
country of citizenship	Danilo Dirani is a racing driver from Brazil.	Danilo Dirani	Brazil
country of citizenship	Roger Abdelmassih (born October 3, 1943) is a former Brazilian physician, an expert on human reproduction, and one of the pioneers of in-vitro fertilization in Brazil.	Roger Abdelmassih	Brazil
country of citizenship	Jim Rimmer was born on 1 April 1934 and was raised in Vancouver, Canada.	Jim Rimmer	Canada
country of citizenship	Hina Jilani (Urdu: حنا جیلانی ‎) (born 1953) is an advocate of the Supreme Court of Pakistan and a human-rights activist from Lahore in Punjab, Pakistan.	Hina Jilani	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Mohd Noor Ali made his international debut for Singapore in 1998 and has not been selected since 2004.	Mohd Noor Ali	Singapore
country of citizenship	Tatiana Papamoschou (Greek: Τατιάνα Παπαμόσχου; born 1964 in Athens, Greece) is a Greek actress who has starred in numerous Greek theatrical, film and television productions.	Tatiana Papamoschou	Greece
country of citizenship	Two legendary albums recorded in the 1970s (Milton Nascimento et al.'s Clube da Esquina and Caetano Veloso's Transa, voted to number 7 and number 10, respectively, on Rolling Stone Brazil's list of greatest Brazilian albums of all time) featured Monsueto's compositions.	Monsueto	Brazil
country of citizenship	Augustus Neville was a New Zealand-born actor who appeared in a number of the early films for director Raymond Longford but was best known for his stage career in Australia, particularly in works by William Shakespeare.	Augustus Neville	Australia
country of citizenship	Manoj Sharma was born at Khurja district Bulandshahr, Uttar Pradesh, India.	Manoj Sharma	India
country of citizenship	Ben Varon was chosen at ``Finnish Metal Awards'' in 2009 6th, 2010 4th and 2011 5th best metal musician in Finland.	Ben Varon	Finland
country of citizenship	Teodora Alexandrova (Bulgarian: Теодора Александрова) (born September 24, 1981 in Sofia, Bulgaria) is a former Individual Rhythmic Gymnast.	Teodora Alexandrova	Bulgaria
country of citizenship	Reza Sadeghi (Persian: رضا صادقی‎‎, born 1979 in Bandar Abbas, Iran) is an Iranian pop singer and songwriter.	Reza Sadeghi	Iran
country of citizenship	Koji Yamasaki (山﨑 浩司, born October 31, 1980 in Osaka) is a Japanese professional baseball infielder for the Tohoku Rakuten Golden Eagles in Japan's Nippon Professional Baseball.	Koji Yamasaki	Japan
country of citizenship	Novica Simić (Serbian Cyrillic: Новица Симић; 1948--2012) was a Bosnian Serb military commander holding the rank of lieutenant general during the war in Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Novica Simić	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country of citizenship	Louise Fatio was born August 18, 1904, in Lausanne, Switzerland and educated in Geneva.	Louise Fatio	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Abel Estanislao (born May 19, 1995, in Marikina City, Philippines) is a Filipino actor and model.	Abel Estanislao	Philippines
country of citizenship	Roman Shpek (November 10, 1954, Broshniv-Osada, Ivano-Frankivsk region) is a Ukrainian diplomat, politician, senior adviser of PJSC ``Alfa-Bank'' Ukraine (Kyiv), a member of the National Bank of Ukraine.	Roman Shpek	Ukraine
country of citizenship	Jigme Wangchuck (Dzongkha: འཇིགས་མེད་དབང་ཕྱུག, Wylie: 'jigs med dbang phyug; 1905 -- 30 March 1952) was the second Druk Gyalpo or king of Bhutan from 21 August 1926, until his death.	Jigme Wangchuck	Bhutan
country of citizenship	Stefan Karnusian is a Swiss curler who has represented Switzerland internationally.	Stefan Karnusian	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Kakunyo (覚如) (1270-1351) is the great-grandson of Shinran, founder of Jōdo Shinshū Buddhism, and the third caretaker, or Monshu of the family mausoleum, which gradually became the Hongan-ji Temple in Kyoto, Japan.	Kakunyo	Japan
country of citizenship	Victoria Smurfit is part of the Smurfit family, one of the richest in Ireland, through the Smurfit Kappa Group.	Victoria Smurfit	Ireland
country of citizenship	Mohsen Neysani (born August 15, 1982) is an Iranian Football player who currently plays for Shahrdari Tabriz of the Iran Pro League.	Mohsen Neysani	Iran
country of citizenship	Captain Arthur Andrew Cipriani (31 January 1875-18 April 1945) was a Trinidad and Tobago labour leader and politician.	Arthur Andrew Cipriani	Trinidad and Tobago
country of citizenship	Around the early 210s, Pang Tong successfully persuaded Liu Bei to seize Yi Province (covering present-day Sichuan and Chongqing) in western China and use its resources to compete with Cao Cao for supremacy over China.	Pang Tong	China
country of citizenship	Charles Richard Mayson, known as Richard Mayson (born 13 October 1941), was a New Zealand politician of the Labour Party.	Richard Mayson	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Candida Höfer (born 1944) is a Cologne, Germany-based photographer and a former student of Bernd and Hilla Becher.	Candida Höfer	Germany
country of citizenship	Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi said he was ``Saddened over the demise of Mahant Avaidyanath ji.	Mahant Avaidyanath	India
country of citizenship	Angela Makholwa is a South African author, the first black writer to write crime fiction in South Africa.	Angela Makholwa	South Africa
country of citizenship	Salim Abdallah Khalfan (born October 4, 1961) is a former Member of Parliament in the National Assembly of Tanzania.	Salim Abdallah Khalfan	Tanzania
country of citizenship	Roberto Cabral (born 18 June 1952 in Córdoba, Argentina) is an Argentine former football striker.	Roberto Cabral	Argentina
country of citizenship	Pierre Teilhard de Chardin was born in the Château of Sarcenat at Orcines, close to Clermont-Ferrand, France, on May 1, 1881.	Pierre Teilhard de Chardin	France
country of citizenship	His sole album, J-Wess Presents Tha LP, reached the top twenty in Australia in 2005, and included three hit singles.	J-Wess	Australia
country of citizenship	Pál Gábor Engelmann (1854 - 1916) was a figure of the Hungarian workers movement, and founder and leader of the Social Democratic Party of Hungary.	Pál Gábor Engelmann	Hungary
country of citizenship	Carlos Agostí (born 1922 in Spain) is a Spanish-born Mexican film actor.	Carlos Agostí	Spain
country of citizenship	Maidelis Saldiña (born 1988) is a team handball goalkeeper from Cuba.	Maidelis Saldiña	Cuba
country of citizenship	Adriaan Loosjes (1761, Texel -- 1818, Haarlem), was a 19th-century botanist, poet, novelist and publisher from the Northern Netherlands.	Adriaan Loosjes	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Gilles de Souvré, Marquis de Courtanvaux, Baron de Lezines (c. 1540 -- 1626), marshal of France, belonged to an old family of the Perche.	Gilles de Souvré, Marquis de Courtanvaux, Baron de Lezines	France
country of citizenship	Aslak Dørum (born 7 August 1964 in Oslo, Norway) is a Norwegian writer and bassist of the Norwegian rock band DumDum Boys.	Aslak Dørum	Norway
country of citizenship	Sabahattin Oğlago (born June 25, 1984) is a four-time Oympian cross-country skier from Turkey, competing since 2002.	Sabahattin Oğlago	Turkey
country of citizenship	Skinny Puppy formed in 1982 from the partnership of cEvin Key (Kevin Crompton) and Nivek Ogre (Kevin Graham Ogilvie) in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada.	Skinny Puppy	Canada
country of citizenship	Dorothy Lightbourne was the Minister of Justice and the Attorney General of Jamaica from September 2007 to July 2011 when she was removed by Prime Minister Bruce Golding and replaced by Delroy Chuck as Minister of Justice and by Ransford Braham as Attorney General.	Dorothy Lightbourne	Jamaica
country of citizenship	Timur Shah Durrani, (Pashto, Persian, Urdu, Arabic: ‌ تیمور شاہ درانی ; 1748 -- May 18, 1793) was the second ruler of the Durrani Empire, from October 16, 1772 until his death in 1793.	Timur Shah Durrani	Durrani Empire
country of citizenship	Sosaia Feki (born 9 May 1991) is a New Zealand professional rugby league footballer for the Cronulla-Sutherland Sharks of the National Rugby League.	Sosaia Feki	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Kitanofuji Katsuaki 北の富士勝昭 (born March 28, 1942 as Takezawa Katsuaki) is a former sumo wrestler, born in Asahikawa, Hokkaidō, Japan.	Kitanofuji Katsuaki	Japan
country of citizenship	Galindo Mellado Cruz (also Galdino) was born in Tampico Alto, Veracruz, Mexico on 18 April 1973.	Galindo Mellado Cruz	Mexico
country of citizenship	Odette Henriette Jacqmin (โอเด็ต) is a famous Thai-French (Luk khrueng) supermodel, actress and singer born in Lyon, France, on October 13, 1982.	Odette Henriette Jacqmin	France
country of citizenship	Boris Begović (Борис Беговић) is an economic scholar in Serbia who has written and spoken on economic problems in the Balkans.	Boris Begović	Serbia
country of citizenship	Jacob Harris was a first class cricketer and sports coach from Karachi, Pakistan.	Jacob Harris	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Ratu Joni Madraiwiwi, Lord Madraiwiwi Tangatatonga (born 1957) is a Fijian lawyer, politician and was the Vice-President of Fiji from 2004 to 2006.	Joni Madraiwiwi	Fiji
country of citizenship	Ratramnus, (died c. 870) a Frankish monk of the monastery of Corbie, near Amiens in northern France, was a Carolingian theologian known best for his writings on the Eucharist and predestination.	Ratramnus	France
country of citizenship	Mike Velarde, is the founder and ``Servant Leader'' of a Philippines-based Catholic Charismatic religious group called El Shaddai which has estimated following of three to seven million.	Mike Velarde	Philippines
country of citizenship	Prosper Giquel took command of the ``Franco-Chinese force'' when Paul d'Aiguebelle returned to France, but the force was soon dissolved in October 1864, in agreement with Zuo Zongtang.	Prosper Giquel	France
country of citizenship	Aengus Finnan (born January 31, 1972 in Dublin, Ireland) is a Canadian folk musician and arts organiser, who grew up in Ontario, Canada.	Aengus Finnan	Canada
country of citizenship	Marius Gabriel (born 13 November 1954 in Mafikeng, South Africa) is an international romance and mystery writer, and artist.	Marius Gabriel	South Africa
country of citizenship	Eiji Sawamura (沢村 栄治; February 1, 1917 -- December 2, 1944, born in Ujiyamada (Present: Ise), Mie prefecture, Japan) was a Japanese professional baseball player.	Eiji Sawamura	Japan
country of citizenship	Hito Çako (1923--1975) was an Albanian politician and lieutenant general of the People's Army of Albania.	Hito Çako	Albania
country of citizenship	Kofi Esaw is a Togolese politician and diplomat who has served in the government of Togo as Minister of Justice since 2013.	Kofi Esaw	Togo
country of citizenship	Mark Rendell is a cyclist from New Zealand.	Mark Rendell	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Jan van Ravenswaay (1789 -- 1869) was a 19th-century landscape painter from the Northern Netherlands.	Jan van Ravenswaay	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Bengt Baron (born 6 March 1962) is a business leader and former backstroke swimmer from Sweden.	Bengt Baron	Sweden
country of citizenship	Nikos Karanikas (Greek; Νίκος Καρανίκας), born 4 March 1992 in Larissa, Greece, is a professional footballer.	Nikos Karanikas	Greece
country of citizenship	Leigh Marning (born 8 February 1979 in Taree, New South Wales, Australia) is an ex-rhythmic gymnast who represented Australia in the 1998 Commonwealth Games.	Leigh Marning	Australia
country of citizenship	Wadih Sabra (Arabic: وديع صبرا ‎ Wadī' Ṣabrā, 23 February 1876 Beirut - 11 April 1952 Beirut) was a Lebanese composer and founder of the National Higher Conservatory of Music in Lebanon.	Wadih Sabra	Lebanon
country of citizenship	Cristian Machado (born July 23, 1974 in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil) is the vocalist for the heavy metal band Ill Niño and was a lead singer for Roadrunner United.	Cristian Machado	Brazil
country of origin	Verano de amor is the story of four teenagers who have always lived in the city of Tlacotalpan, Veracruz, Mexico.	Verano de amor	Mexico
country of origin	Deep Red was shot mainly on location in Turin, Italy - a ``magical'' city according to Argento - in sixteen weeks.	Deep Red	Italy
country of origin	God of Gamblers (Chinese: 賭神; lit. God of Gambling) is a 1989 Hong Kong action comedy-drama film written and directed by Wong Jing, and featuring an all-star cast led by Chow Yun-fat and Andy Lau.	God of Gamblers	Hong Kong
country of origin	Simply Ordinary is a 1998 Hong Kong martial arts television series produced by TVB and stars Gordon Lam as famed martial artist Lam Sai-wing, who was also a known disciple of folk hero Wong Fei-hung.	Simply Ordinary	Hong Kong
country of origin	Luke's Kingdom is a 1976 Australian TV series set in colonial Australia.	Luke's Kingdom	Australia
creator	Chiquititas (literally translated as ``Little Girls'', known in English as Tiny Angels) is a children's musical Argentine telenovela, created and produced by Cris Morena.	Chiquititas	Cris Morena
creator	The series is based on the children's book Gracie Graves and The Kids from Room 402 by Betty Paraskevas and Michael Paraskevas, published in 1995.	The Kids from Room 402	Betty Paraskevas
creator	The Art of Being Nick is an American sitcom pilot created by Bruce Helford, that aired on NBC as a special on August 27, 1987.	The Art of Being Nick	Bruce Helford
creator	Zombie College was an American Flash cartoon series created by television writer Eric Kaplan and directed by John Rice for Icebox.com.	Zombie College	Eric Kaplan
creator	Riding into the Sunset is a bronze sculpture by Electra Waggoner Biggs, depicting Will Rogers on his horse, Soapsuds.	Riding into the Sunset	Electra Waggoner Biggs
date of birth	Marcelo Leite Pereira known as Marcelinho (born 22 June 1987) is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for Superleague Greece club Atromitos F.C. as a Winger.	Marcelo Leite Pereira	22 June 1987
date of birth	Architect Musa Mohammed Sada (born 25 February 1957) was appointed Nigerian Minister of Mines & Steel Development on 6 April 2010, when Acting President Goodluck Jonathan announced his new cabinet.	Musa Mohammed Sada	25 February 1957
date of birth	Seiichi Hishikawa, a film maker, art director, and photographer was born in Tokyo in 1969 and began his career in the music industry.	Seiichi Hishikawa	1969
date of birth	Dan Tichon (Hebrew: דן תיכון‎, born 5 January 1937) is a former Israeli politician and Speaker of the Knesset 1996--1999.	Dan Tichon	5 January 1937
date of birth	Andrew Keen (born c. 1960) is a British-American entrepreneur and author.	Andrew Keen	1960
date of death	John Sturgion (died 1665) was an English General Baptist preacher and pamphleteer.	John Sturgion	1665
date of death	Richard Baines (fl. 1568--1593) was an Elizabethan double agent, informer, and ordained Catholic priest.	Richard Baines	1593
date of death	Richard Stubbe (died 1619), of Sedgeford, Norfolk, was an English politician.	Richard Stubbe	1619
date of death	George J. Wigley (born Scotland 1825 - died 20 January 1866, Rome, Italy) was a British architect, journalist and supporter of Catholic causes.	George J. Wigley	20 January 1866
date of death	The Honourable Mildmay Fane (31 October 1689 -- 11 September 1715) was a British politician.	Mildmay Fane	11 September 1715
date of death	Zora Wolfová (20 February 1928 -- 29 November 2012) was a Czech translator (from English) and publishing editor.	Zora Wolfová	29 November 2012
date of death	Professor Ernest Stanley Salmon (1 June 1871--12 October 1959) was a British mycologist and plant pathologist best known for his work in breeding new varieties of hops.	Ernest Stanley Salmon	1959
date of death	Hugo Hildebrand Hildebrandsson (19 August 1838 -- 29 July 1925) was a Swedish meteorologist and professor at Uppsala university between 1878 and 1907.	Hugo Hildebrand Hildebrandsson	29 July 1925
date of death	Carl von Rabenhaupt (Bohemia, 6 January 1602 - Coevorden, 12 August 1675) was a Bohemian Hussite nobleman who fought in Saxon, Dutch and Hessian service during the Thirty Years War and came out of retirement to command a Dutch regiment in the Franco-Dutch War.	Carl von Rabenhaupt	12 August 1675
date of death	Donnchad mac Cellacháin (fl. 961--963) was a son of Cellachan of Cashel who is alleged to have briefly ruled as King of Cashel and Munster from 961 until 963, when he was murdered by his brother.	Donnchad mac Cellacháin	963
date of death	Raymond Gadabu (died 1964) was a Nauruan politician who served as Head Chief between 1953 and 1955.	Raymond Gadabu	1964
date of death	Henry Dana Ward (Shrewsbury, Massachusetts 1797-1884) was an American abolitionist, anti-Masonic campaigner, and Millerite Adventist.	Henry Dana Ward	1884
date of death	Edgardo Saporetti (Bagnacavallo, 1865 - Bellaria, 1909) was an Italian painter of eclectic subjects, including portraits, landscapes, and genre subjects.	Edgardo Saporetti	1909
date of death	Hannah Primrose, Countess of Rosebery (27 July 1851 -- 19 November 1890) was a British noblewoman, the daughter of Baron Mayer de Rothschild and the wife of Archibald, Earl of Rosebery.	Hannah Primrose, Countess of Rosebery	19 November 1890
date of death	Mario Trejo (13 January 1926 -- 14 May 2012) was an Argentine poet, playwright, screenwriter, and journalist.	Mario Trejo	14 May 2012
date of death	Albert Richard Smith (24 May 1816 -- 23 May 1860) was an English author, entertainer, and mountaineer.	Albert Richard Smith	23 May 1860
date of death	Girolamo della Robbia, (1488 - 4 August 1566) was an Italian potter, the youngest son of Andrea della Robbia, together with his brother Giovanni della Robbia were among the most active collaborators in the family workshop.	Girolamo della Robbia	4 August 1566
date of death	Noel Andrews (7 January 1932 -- 8 January 2011) was an Irish radio and television commentator and disc jockey for RTÉ.	Noel Andrews	8 January 2011
date of death	William Brassington (1837/1841 -- 3 March 1905) was a stonemason, sculptor and builder practising in Christchurch, New Zealand in the late 19th century.	William Brassington	3 March 1905
date of death	Eduard Imhof (25 January 1895 - 27 April 1986) was a professor of cartography at the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology, Zürich, from 1925 - 1965.	Eduard Imhof	27 April 1986
date of death	Edgar Andrew Collard, CM (6 September 1911 -- 9 September 2000) was a Canadian journalist and historian, best known for his Montreal Gazette column ``All Our Yesterdays''.	Edgar Andrew Collard	9 September 2000
date of death	Robert Daborne (c. 1580 -- 23 March 1628) was an English dramatist of the Jacobean era.	Robert Daborne	1628
date of death	William Harward DD (d. 1589) was a Canon of Windsor from 1562 - 1589.	William Harward	1589
date of death	George Dowdall (1487 -- 15 August 1558) was a fifteenth-century Irish cleric, who was twice Archbishop of Armagh.	George Dowdall	15 August 1558
date of death	Graham Salmon, MBE (September 5, 1954 -- October 1999) was a blind British athlete.	Graham Salmon	1999
date of death	Meir Blinken (1879 -- 1915) was an author born in the Russian Empire who published works in Yiddish after immigrating to the United States.	Meir Blinken	1915
date of death	Richard William Church (25 April 1815 -- 6 December 1890) was an English churchman and writer, known latterly as Dean Church.	Richard William Church	6 December 1890
date of death	Cuthbert William Johnson (1799--1878) was an English barrister and agricultural writer.	Cuthbert William Johnson	1878
date of death	Henry Avray Tipping (22 August 1855 -- 16 November 1933) was a French-born British writer on country houses and gardens, a garden designer, and Architectural Editor of Country Life magazine for 17 years.	Henry Avray Tipping	16 November 1933
date of death	Jock Ball (16 February 1912 -- 3 June 1993) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Jock Ball	3 June 1993
date of death	Francesco Sambiasi or Bi Fangji (born in 1582 in Cosenza, Calabria, Italy, died January 1649 in Kanton, China) was a Catholic missionary to China, part of the Jesuits.	Francesco Sambiasi	1649
date of death	Aage Schavland (6 November 1806 -- 20 March 1876) was a Norwegian priest and Member of Parliament.	Aage Schavland	20 March 1876
date of death	Arthur Chichester, 1st Earl of Donegall (16 June 1606 -- 18 March 1675) was an Irish peer and soldier.	Arthur Chichester, 1st Earl of Donegall	18 March 1675
date of death	Pabitra Kumar Sen (born 1906, Comilla, Bangladesh, died 1997 Calcutta) was the Khaira Professor of Agriculture, Calcutta University, and founder of the College of Agriculture at Calcutta University in the 1950s.	Pabitra Kumar Sen	1997
date of death	Air Vice Marshal Adam Henry Robson CB, OBE, MC & Bar, PhD (3 August 1892 -- 9 October 1980) was a senior officer of the Royal Air Force.	Adam Henry Robson	9 October 1980
date of death	Piotr Skuratowicz (1 August 1891 -- 1940) was a Polish military commander and a General of the Polish Army.	Piotr Skuratowicz	1940
date of death	Koca Mustafa Pasha (died 1512) was an Ottoman statesman.	Koca Mustafa Pasha	1512
date of death	Georg Frederik Ferdinand Allen (1856--1925) was a Danish singing teacher, conductor and composer.	Georg Frederik Ferdinand Allen	1925
date of death	Wilhelm Xylander (born Wilhelm Holtzman, graecized to Xylander; 26 December 1532 -- 10 February 1576) was a German classical scholar and humanist.	Wilhelm Xylander	10 February 1576
date of death	Luboš Měkota (22 May 1957 -- 9 March 2013) was a Czech entrepreneur, miner, and union leader.	Luboš Měkota	9 March 2013
date of death	Johan Siebke (17 June 1781 -- 14 August 1857) was a Norwegian botanical gardener, and the founder of the Botanical Garden at Tøyen, Oslo.	Johan Siebke	14 August 1857
date of death	Peter Glenville (born Peter Patrick Brabazon Browne; 28 October 1913 -- 3 June 1996) was an English film and stage actor and director.	Peter Glenville	3 June 1996
date of death	Amy Dora Reynolds (6 October 1860 -- 11 June 1957), under the pen name of Mrs. Fred Reynolds, was a poet and author of crime and romance novels in the late 19th- and early 20th-century.	Amy Dora Reynolds	11 June 1957
date of death	Captain Charles William Selwyn (7 March 1858 - 1 March 1893) was a British army officer and Conservative politician.	Charles William Selwyn	1 March 1893
date of death	Maha Thiha Thura (Burmese: မဟာသီဟသူရ (məhà θìha̰θùja̰); also spelled Maha Thihathura; died 1782) was commander-in-chief of the Burmese military from 1768 to 1776.	Maha Thiha Thura	1782
date of death	Ba Kaung (Burmese: ဘကောင်း, 1921 - 8 July 2003) was one of the most prominent student activists of post-independent Burma.	Ba Kaung	8 July 2003
date of death	William Ostler (died 16 December 1614) was an actor in English Renaissance theatre, a member of the King's Men, the company of William Shakespeare.	William Ostler	16 December 1614
date of death	Sir Robert Stanford Wood (5 July 1886 -- 18 May 1963) was a civil servant and educational administrator.	Robert Stanford Wood	18 May 1963
date of death	Dr. Zlatan Čolaković (February 13, 1955 -- 2008) was a Homerist, philologist and researcher.	Zlatan Čolaković	2008
date of death	Amal Kenawy (1974--2012) was an Egyptian contemporary visual artist, best known for her notable video and performance feminist work.	Amal Kenawy	2012
date of death	Chabi Mama (15 July 1921 -- 2001) is a former early Beninese politician.	Chabi Mama	2001
date of death	Růžena Grebeníčková (1 November 1925 -- 21 July 1997) was a leading Czech literary historian and theorist, and translator.	Růžena Grebeníčková	21 July 1997
date of death	Sir Thomas à Beckett (31 August 1836 -- 21 June 1919) was an Australian solicitor and judge.	Thomas à Beckett	21 June 1919
date of death	Agha Shahid Ali (4 February 1949, Srinagar, Jammu and Kashmir - 8 December 2001 Amherst, Massachusetts) was a Kashmiri poet.	Agha Shahid Ali	8 December 2001
date of death	Lieutenant General Hugh Percy, 2nd Duke of Northumberland FRS (14 August 1742 -- 10 July 1817) was an officer in the British army and later a British peer.	Hugh Percy, 2nd Duke of Northumberland	10 July 1817
date of death	John Septimus Roe (8 May 1797 -- 28 May 1878) was the first Surveyor-General of Western Australia.	John Septimus Roe	28 May 1878
date of death	Nuño Pérez de Lara (died 3 August 1177) was a Castilian nobleman, politician and military leader.	Nuño Pérez de Lara	3 August 1177
date of death	Daniel-Maurice Godefroy de Linctot (baptized May 5, 1739 -- died between January 18 and April 30, 1783) was a colonial army officer and merchant in Quebec and an Indian agent in the United States.	Daniel-Maurice Godefroy de Linctot	1783
date of death	Pieter de Bitter (ca. 1620 -- 15 June 1666) was a 17th-century Dutch officer of the Dutch East India Company (VOC).	Pieter de Bitter	15 June 1666
date of death	Mary Brunton (née Balfour) (1 November 1778 -- 7 December 1818) was a Scottish novelist.	Mary Brunton	7 December 1818
date of death	Frank Bolus (2 November 1864 -- 15 September 1939) played first-class cricket for Somerset in 10 matches in the 1893 and 1894 seasons.	Frank Bolus	15 September 1939
date of death	George Ulyett (21 October 1851, Sheffield -- 18 June 1898, Sheffield) was an English all-round cricketer, noted particularly for his very-aggressive batsmanship.	George Ulyett	18 June 1898
date of death	Li Gao (Chinese: 李暠; 351--417), courtesy name Xuansheng (玄盛), nickname Changsheng (長生), formally Prince Wuzhao of (Western) Liang ((西)涼武昭王), was the founding duke of the Chinese state Western Liang.	Li Gao	417
date of death	Captain Mark Huish (9 March 1808 -- 18 January 1867) was an English railway manager.	Mark Huish	18 January 1867
date of death	Vuk Mandušić (Serbian Cyrillic: Вук Мандушић; fl. 1645 - died 13 July 1648) was the capo direttore of the Morlach army, one of the most prominent harambaša (rebel leaders) in the Dalmatian hinterland, that fought the Ottoman Empire during the Cretan War (1645--69).	Vuk Mandušić	13 July 1648
date of death	Alexander Gordon, Master of Sutherland (c.1505-1530), Scottish magnate, made Earl of Sutherland in 1527.	Alexander Gordon, Master of Sutherland	1530
date of death	Bhai Bala (Punjabi: ਭਾਈ ਬਾਲਾ 1466--1544), born in Talvandi Rai Bhoi (now called Nankana Sahib in Pakistan) .	Bhai Bala	1544
date of death	Charles Quatermaine (30 December 1877 in Richmond, Surrey -- August 1958 in Sussex) was a British stage and film actor.	Charles Quatermaine	August 1958
date of death	Anna Alfhild Tamm (1876-1959), was a Swedish physician and Psychiatrist.	Alfhild Tamm	1959
date of death	Edward Fieldwick (25 March 1868 -- 22 December 1910) was an English cricketer who made one appearance in first-class cricket in 1894.	Edward Fieldwick	22 December 1910
date of death	After the Prince of Yan usurped the throne to become the Yongle Emperor in 1402, he summoned Fang Xiaoru, who was famed for his connection to Song Lian and the scholars of the Jinhua school as well as for his own talent and lucid composition.	Fang Xiaoru	1402
date of death	Joseph Emanuel Fischer von Erlach died on June 29, 1742 in a house fire.	Joseph Emanuel Fischer von Erlach	1742
date of death	Alberto Massimino (5 January 1895 -- 27 November 1975) was an Italian automotive engineer.	Alberto Massimino	27 November 1975
date of death	Walter Surovy (sometimes spelled Szurovy; 28 May 1910 in Vienna -- 4 November 2001 in Manhattan, New York City) was an Austrian stage and film actor.	Walter Surovy	4 November 2001
date of death	Porchetus (died circa 1315) was a Genoese Carthusian monk.	Porchetus	1315
date of death	Septimius Antiochus (died after 273) was a Roman usurper in Syria during the 3rd century.	Septimius Antiochus	273
date of death	Jørgen Rytterager (11 June 1809 -- 17 March 1899) was a Norwegian farmer and public servant.	Jørgen Rytterager	17 March 1899
date of death	Marcos Antônio de Araújo, 2nd Baron of Itajubá (Hamburg, 8 February 1842 -- Berlin, 3 November 1897) was a Brazilian jurist and diplomat.	Marcos Antônio de Araújo, 2nd Baron of Itajubá	3 November 1897
date of death	Daw Yin Yin (10 August 1919 - 12 December 2011) also known as Saw Mon Nyin was a well-known Burmese author.	Saw Mon Nyin	12 December 2011
date of death	Jambyl Jabayev (Kazakh: Жамбыл Жабаев) (28 February 1846 -- 22 June 1945) was a Kazakh traditional folksinger (Kazakh: akyn).	Jambyl Jabayev	22 June 1945
date of death	Kuzhur Narayana Marar (25 May 1925 -- 11 August 2011) was an Indian musician, considered to be one of the masters of Panchavadyam.	Kuzhur Narayana Marar	11 August 2011
date of death	Assheton Gorton (1930 -- 14 September 2014) was an English production designer.	Assheton Gorton	14 September 2014
date of death	Otto Heilmann (22 August 1888, in Munich -- 19 August 1945, at Schwaneck Castle, Pullach) was a German architect and contractor.	Otto Heilmann	19 August 1945
date of death	Tanja Liedtke (6 October 1977 -- 17 August 2007) was a German-born professional choreographer and dancer.	Tanja Liedtke	17 August 2007
date of death	Muhammad I Abu 'l-Abbas (died 856) was the fifth emir of the Aghlabids in Ifriqiya (ruled 841--856).	Muhammad I Abu 'l-Abbas	856
date of death	Joseph Carne (17 April 1782 -- 12 October 1858) was a British geologist and industrialist.	Joseph Carne	12 October 1858
date of death	Nicolas Béhuchet (? -- 24 June 1340), also known as Colin Béhuchet, was a French admiral and financier.	Nicolas Béhuchet	24 June 1340
date of death	Wahid Baksh Bhutto (1898 -- 25 December 1931) was a landowner of Sindh, and an elected representative to the Central Legislative Assembly of India.	Wahid Baksh Bhutto	25 December 1931
date of death	Maredudd ap Gruffydd (1130--1155) was a prince of the kingdom of Deheubarth in Southwest Wales.	Maredudd ap Gruffydd	1155
date of death	Ian Malcolm Bowen Stuart (18 September 1902 -- 3 August 1969), known as I. M. B. Stuart, was an Anglo-Irish schoolmaster, author and broadcaster in the United Kingdom who migrated to the United States in 1946.	I. M. B. Stuart	3 August 1969
date of death	Shomu Mukherjee (Bengali: সমু মুখার্জি) (or Shomu Mukherji) (19 June, 1943 -- 10 April 2008) was a Bengali Indian director, writer and producer.	Shomu Mukherjee	10 April 2008
date of death	Peter McManus VC (March 1829 -- 27 April 1859) was born in Tynan, County Armagh, was an Irish recipient of the Victoria Cross, the highest and most prestigious award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth forces.	Peter McManus	27 April 1859
date of death	Sir John Knyvet (or Knivett) (died 16 February 1381) was an English lawyer and administrator.	John Knyvet	16 February 1381
date of death	Thomas Pelham-Holles, 1st Duke of Newcastle upon Tyne and 1st Duke of Newcastle-under-Lyne KG PC (21 July 1693 -- 17 November 1768) was a British Whig statesman, whose official life extended throughout the Whig supremacy of the 18th century.	Thomas Pelham-Holles, 1st Duke of Newcastle	17 November 1768
date of death	Herman the Bull (Lelystad, The Netherlands 16 December 1990 -- Leiden, The Netherlands 2 April 2004) was the first genetically modified or transgenic bovine in the world.	Herman the Bull	2 April 2004
date of death	William Forster Lloyd FRS (1794 -- 2 June 1852) was a British writer on economics.	William Forster Lloyd	2 June 1852
date of death	Captain Nathaniel Carver (24 September 1740 -- 1 May 1815) was a prosperous merchant of British America.	Nathaniel Carver	1 May 1815
date of death	Paul Ayshford Methuen, 4th Baron Methuen, (29 September 1886 -- 7 January 1974) was a painter, zoologist and landowner.	Paul Ayshford Methuen, 4th Baron Methuen	7 January 1974
date of death	General Charles George James Arbuthnot, DL (1801 -- 21 October 1870) was a British general.	Charles George James Arbuthnot	21 October 1870
date of death	Adolph Huebsch (born in St. Nicolaus, Hungary, 18 September 1830; died in New York City, 10 October 1884) was a Hungarian-American Hebrew scholar and rabbi.	Adolph Huebsch	10 October 1884
date of death	Willis Steell (1866--1941) was an American journalist, poet, dramatist, novelist and translator.	Willis Steell	1941
date of death	Benoît Lamy (19 September 1945 -- 15 April 2008) was a Belgian motion picture writer-director.	Benoît Lamy	15 April 2008
date of death	Edmund William Berridge (1843 -- 1923) was a medical doctor in London, homoeopathist in the United States and occultist.	Edmund William Berridge	1923
date of death	Robert Forman (died 1530) was a late medieval Scottish churchman.	Robert Forman	1530
date of death	Colyer Meriwether (8 April 1858 - 26 August 1920) was an American historian, educator and writer.	Colyer Meriwether	26 August 1920
date of death	Captain William Crispin (October 3, 1627 -- 1681) was one of five Commissioners appointed by William Penn for settling his colony of Pennsylvania, September 30, 1681.	William Crispin	1681
date of death	Willis Seaver Adams (1842--1921) was a landscape painter who studied under James Abbott McNeill Whistler.	Willis Seaver Adams	1921
date of death	Thomas Morton Harper (26 September 1821 - 29 August 1893) was an English Jesuit priest, philosopher, theologian and preacher.	Thomas Morton Harper	29 August 1893
date of death	João Anastácio Rosa (1812--1884) was a Portuguese actor and sculptor.	João Anastácio Rosa	1884
date of death	Terry Peirce (7 September 1930 -- 31 March 1984) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Terry Peirce	31 March 1984
date of death	Georg Caspar Wecker (baptized 2 April 1632 -- 20 April 1695) was a German Baroque organist and composer.	Georg Caspar Wecker	20 April 1695
date of death	Alfred Young Nutt MVO ISO (5 May 1847 -- 25 July 1924) was an English architect and artist, who was Surveyor to the Dean and Canons of St George's Chapel, Windsor in the late 19th century.	Alfred Young Nutt	25 July 1924
date of death	Sandro Shanshiashvili (Georgian: სანდრო შანშიაშვილი) (1888-1979) was a Georgian poet and playwright.	Sandro Shanshiashvili	1979
date of death	Willi Ritschard (sometimes Willy Ritschard, 28 September 1918 -- 16 October 1983) was a Swiss politician and member of the Swiss Federal Council (1974-1983).	Willi Ritschard	16 October 1983
date of death	Emery Molyneux (/ˈɛməri ˈmɒlᵻnoʊ/ EM-ə-ree MOL-ə-noh; died June 1598) was an English Elizabethan maker of globes, mathematical instruments and ordnance.	Emery Molyneux	June 1598
date of death	Guido Altarelli (12 July 1941 -- 30 September 2015) was an Italian theoretical physicist.	Guido Altarelli	30 September 2015
date of death	Thomas Cockcroft (born 15 January 1916 in Keighley, Yorkshire died 19 September 1994 in Keighley) is a former professional rugby league footballer, playing at club level for Keighley RLFC in the 1930s and 1940s at Halfback.	Thomas Cockcroft	19 September 1994
date of death	Richard Pearlman (1938--8 April 2006) was an American theatre and opera director and educator known for his encyclopedic knowledge on every aspect of opera from stage direction to makeup.	Richard Pearlman	8 April 2006
date of death	Charles William Forman (1821--1894) was a Presbyterian minister, missionary and the founder of Forman Christian College, a private university in Lahore, Pakistan.	Charles William Forman	1894
date of death	Very Rev. William Carrigan, D.D. (1860 -- 12 December 1924) was an Irish Roman Catholic priest and historian, who was appointed canon of the Diocese of Ossory.	William Carrigan	1924
date of death	Joseph Obalski (14 September 1852 -- 25 March 1915) was a French-Canadian mining engineer, civil servant, professor, and author.	Joseph Obalski	25 March 1915
date of death	Jeremiah Dyke (baptised 1584, died 1639) was an English conforming Puritan minister.	Jeremiah Dyke	1639
date of death	Cormac mac Ceithearnach, ruler and cleric, died 881.	Cormac mac Ceithearnach	881
date of death	Philips Wouwerman (also Wouwermans) (24 May 1619 (baptized) -- 19 May 1668) was a Dutch painter of hunting, landscape and battle scenes.	Philips Wouwerman	19 May 1668
date of death	Edmund Goodenough (1786--1845) was an English churchman, dean of Wells from 1831.	Edmund Goodenough	1845
date of death	Donnell Ó Con Ceanainn, (died 1316) was King of Uí Díarmata.	Donnell Ó Con Ceanainn	1316
date of death	John Wessington (also Washington) (died 1451) was an English Benedictine who became prior of Durham Abbey.	John Wessington	1451
date of death	Sir Thomas Bazley, 1st Baronet (27 May 1797 -- 18 March 1885) was a British industrialist and Liberal politician.	Sir Thomas Bazley, 1st Baronet	18 March 1885
date of death	Jean-Marie Leclair l'aîné, also known as Jean-Marie Leclair the Elder, (10 May 1697 -- 22 October 1764) was a Baroque violinist and composer.	Jean-Marie Leclair	22 October 1764
date of death	Karl Gröger (7 February 1918 - 1 July 1943) was a member of the Dutch resistance group executed in 1943.	Karl Gröger	1 July 1943
date of death	Hans Multhopp (17 May 1913 -- 30 October 1972) was a German aeronautical engineer/designer.	Hans Multhopp	30 October 1972
date of death	Haridas Chaudhuri (Bengali: হরিদাস চৌধুরী) (May 1913 -- 1975), Bengali integral philosopher, was a correspondent with Sri Aurobindo and the founder of the California Institute of Integral Studies (CIIS).	Haridas Chaudhuri	1975
date of death	Sumantra Ghoshal (26 September 1948 -- 3 March 2004) was an Indian scholar and educator who served as Professor of Strategic and International Management at the London Business School, and was the founding Dean of the Indian School of Business in Hyderabad.	Sumantra Ghoshal	3 March 2004
date of death	Barry Edward Johnson (1 Aug 1937 Woolwich, London, England -- 5 May 2002 Newcastle upon Tyne, England) was an English mathematician who worked on operator algebras.	Barry Edward Johnson	5 May 2002
date of death	John Conrad Jaeger, FRS (30 July 1907 -- 15 May 1979) was an Australian mathematical physicist.	John Conrad Jaeger	15 May 1979
date of death	Jean Dondelinger (4 July 1931 -- 21 October 2004) was a Luxembourgian diplomat and civil servant.	Jean Dondelinger	21 October 2004
date of death	Forbes Johnston (3 August 1971 -- 12 July 2007) was a Scottish professional footballer playing primarily in defence, but also spending some time in the midfield.	Forbes Johnston	12 July 2007
date of death	William Denis Kendall, generally known as Denis Kendall, (27 May 1903 Halifax, West Yorkshire, England -- 19 July 1995 Los Angeles, California), was a controversial, British, Independent, Member of Parliament.	Denis Kendall	19 July 1995
date of death	Hallvard Gunnarssøn (c.1550 -- 1608) was a Norwegian educator and non-fiction writer.	Hallvard Gunnarssøn	1608
date of death	Tom Mackie (30 March 1918 -- 1989) was a Scottish professional footballer who played as a left back.	Tom Mackie	1989
date of death	Hugh Goodacre (died 1553) was an English Protestant clergyman, who was briefly Church of Ireland Archbishop of Armagh and Primate of Ireland.	Hugh Goodacre	1553
date of death	Selim Aga (born around 1826 in Taqali area of Sudan, died December 1875 in Liberia), a native of Sudan who was abducted by slave traders when he was eight years of age, was brought to Scotland in 1836, and raised and educated as a free man.	Selim Aga	December 1875
date of death	Baldwin Nkumbula (died 27 August 1995) was a Zambian politician and a son of veteran politician Harry Nkumbula.	Baldwin Nkumbula	27 August 1995
date of death	Richard Buchta (19 January 1845 -- 29 July 1894) was an Austrian explorer, born in Radlow, Galicia.	Richard Buchta	29 July 1894
date of death	Paulus Barbus (Paul Soncinas) (b. at Soncino, Lombardy, from where comes the name of Soncinas which appears at the head of his books; d. at Cremona, 4 August 1494) was an Italian Dominican philosopher and theologian.	Paulus Barbus	4 August 1494
date of death	Charles Zinzan (died 1714) was the English Acting Governor of Bombay in the late 17th century.	Charles Zinzan	1714
date of death	Charles Frank Byers, Baron Byers, OBE, PC, DL (24 July 1915 -- 6 February 1984) was a British Liberal Party politician.	Frank Byers	6 February 1984
date of death	Edwin Lankester FRS, FRMS, MRCS (23 April 1814 -- 30 October 1874) was an English surgeon and naturalist who made a major contribution to the control of cholera in London: he was the first public analyst in England.	Edwin Lankester	30 October 1874
date of death	Tamaz Nadareishvili (Georgian: თამაზ ნადარეიშვილი) (19 July 1954 -- 31 August 2004) was a Georgian politician who served as head of the Council of Ministers of Abkhazia, a government-in-exile for the breakaway province.	Tamaz Nadareishvili	31 August 2004
date of death	Jon Pyong-ho (March 1926 -- 7 July 2014; also written Chŏn Pyŏng-ho) was the Chief Secretary of the Korean Workers Party (KWP) Committee of the North Korean Cabinet, and director of the DPRK Cabinet Political Bureau before his retirement in 2010.	Jon Pyong-ho	7 July 2014
date of death	Herbert Ditty (died 1998) was a lifelong Ulster Unionist politician, representing the Shankill Road, Belfast, Northern Ireland.	Herbert Ditty	1998
date of death	Esther Roper (4 August 1868 -- 28 April 1938) was an English suffragist and social justice campaigner who fought for equal employment and voting rights for working-class women.	Esther Roper	28 April 1938
date of death	Nicholas Merbury (died 1421) was an English administrator, Member of Parliament and first Master of the Ordnance.	Nicholas Merbury	1421
date of death	Pleasant Moorman Miller, (unknown birth - 1849) was an American politician who represented Tennessee in the United States House of Representatives.	Pleasant Moorman Miller	1849
date of death	Paul Lester Wiener (1895--1967) was an American architect and urban planner.	Paul Lester Wiener	1967
date of death	Samuel Hale Parker (1781--1864) was a publisher and bookseller in 19th-century Boston, Massachusetts, United States.	Samuel Hale Parker	1864
date of death	Lennart Rönnback (21 May 1905 -- 4 November 2007) was a Finnish White Guard veteran of the Finnish Civil War of 1918.	Lennart Rönnback	4 November 2007
date of death	K. Srinivasan (1899--1975), also known as Stalin Srinivasan, was an Indian journalist and Indian independence activist who founded the journal Manikodi in 1932.	Stalin Srinivasan	1975
date of death	Ashok Kumar (13 October 1911 -- 10 December 2001), born Kumudlal Ganguly and also fondly called Dadamoni, was an Indian film actor who attained iconic status in Indian cinema.	Ashok Kumar	10 December 2001
date of death	Elsie Hill (1883--1970) was an American suffragist, as were her sisters Clara and Helena Hill.	Elsie Hill	1970
date of death	August Weenaas (1835--1924) was a Norwegian American Lutheran minister and educator.	August Weenaas	1924
date of death	Harry Frederick Dietz (8 December 1890, Indianapolis -4 September 1954, Kennett Square PA) was an American economic entomologist.	Harry Frederick Dietz	1954
date of death	Peter Quesnel (or Quesuel) (d. 1299?), Franciscan, was warden of the Franciscan house at Norwich, and died about 1299.	Peter Quesnel	1299
date of death	Arthur Stuart-Menteth Hutchinson (2 June 1879 -- 14 March 1971), commonly known by his initials A. S. M. Hutchinson, was a British novelist.	A. S. M. Hutchinson	14 March 1971
date of death	Michael Louis Hearn (1866 -- 1 May 1931) was an Irish Nationalist Member of the Parliament of the United Kingdom for South County Dublin, 1917-18.	Michael Louis Hearn	1 May 1931
date of death	Gabrielle Daye (2 October 1911 in Manchester, Lancashire -- 5 January 2005 in Essex) was an English television actress, notable for her role as Mrs. Pring on Bless Me Father.	Gabrielle Daye	5 January 2005
date of death	William Pennefather (1816-1873) was an Irish Anglican cleric who spent most of his adult life in England, and was celebrated for his hymns and sermons.	William Pennefather	1873
date of death	Congal Cennmagair (died 710) was High King of Ireland.	Congal Cennmagair	710
date of death	Margaret Mittelheuser (1931--2013) was an Australian stockbroker.	Margaret Mittelheuser	2013
date of death	Bishop Festo Kivengere (1919--1988) was a Ugandan Anglican-Christian leader referred to by many as ``the Billy Graham of Africa''.	Festo Kivengere	1988
date of death	Alexander Egorovich Varlamov (or Aleksandr Yegorovich Varlamov; Russian: Александр Егорович Варламов; 27 November 1801 -- 27 October 1848) was one of the founding fathers of the Russian art song.	Alexander Egorovich Varlamov	27 October 1848
date of death	Kenneth H. Wood, Jr. (5 November 1917 -- 25 May 2008) was a Seventh-day Adventist minister, author, editor, and administrator.	Kenneth H. Wood	25 May 2008
date of death	Paul Panhuysen (21 August 1934--29 January 2015) was a Dutch composer, visual and sound artist.	Paul Panhuysen	29 January 2015
date of death	Abd Allah ibn Abd al-Latif Al ash-Sheikh (1848--1921) was an Islamic scholar from Saudi Arabia and was the grandfather of King Faisal of Saudi Arabia.	Abd Allah ibn Abd al-Latif Al ash-Sheikh	1921
date of death	Hallvard Rieber-Mohn (2 October 1922, Molde - 4 August 1982) was a Norwegian writer and Dominican priest.	Hallvard Rieber-Mohn	4 August 1982
date of death	Mary Annette Anderson (July 27, 1874 -- 1922) was an American professor and the first African American woman elected to Phi Beta Kappa.	Mary Annette Anderson	1922
date of death	Balangoda Ananda Maitreya Thero (Sinhalese: අග්ග මහා පණ්ඩිත බලංගොඩ ආනන්ද මෛත්‍රෙය මහනාහිමි;23 August 1896 -- 18 July 1998) was a Sri Lankan scholar Buddhist monk.	Balangoda Ananda Maitreya Thero	18 July 1998
date of death	Christian Brod, (Oranienburg, 1917 -- Berlin, 2012) was a German painter whose work was discovered by his cousin Otto Brod in 2012.	Christian Brod	2012
date of death	Carron Giovanni (before 1619 -- 1649) was the First Duke of Buttigliera Alta.	Carron Giovanni	1649
date of death	Adalbold II of Utrecht (died 27 November 1026) was a bishop of Utrecht (1010--1026).	Adalbold II of Utrecht	27 November 1026
date of death	Syed Abu Bakar bin Taha Alsagoff (Arabic: سيد أبو بكر بن طه السقاف‎ Saiyid Abū Bakr bin Ṭāhā al-saqqāf) (1882, in Hadramaut, Yemen -- 22 January 1956) was a well-known Islamic educator in Singapore.	Abu Bakar bin Taha	22 January 1956
date of death	Trevor Keelor, VrC, (8 December 1934 -- 27 April 2002) was a hero of the Indo-Pakistani war.	Trevor Keelor	27 April 2002
date of death	Shmuel Ehrenfeld (Yiddish: שמואל עהרענפעלד‎, 1891--1980), known as the Mattersdorfer Rav, was a pre-eminent Orthodox Jewish rabbi in pre-war Austria and a respected Torah leader and community builder in post-war America.	Shmuel Ehrenfeld	1980
date of death	Hugh Robert Mill (28 May 1861 -- 5 April 1950) was a Scottish geographer and meteorologist who was influential in the reform of geography teaching, and in the development of meteorology as a science.	Hugh Robert Mill	5 April 1950
date of death	Audley Archdall (6 June 1826 -- 27 February 1893) was an Irish cricketer.	Audley Archdall	27 February 1893
date of death	Daniel Jacob Danielsen (also known as Dollin, born 15 June 1871 in Copenhagen, grew up in Tórshavn, Faroe Islands, died 16 October 1916) was a Faroese missionary and humanitarian worker.	Daniel Jacob Danielsen	16 October 1916
date of death	Walter Shanly (11 October 1817 -- 17 December 1899) was a Canadian civil engineer, author, businessman, and politician.	Walter Shanly	17 December 1899
date of death	Thorold Charles Reep (22 September 1904 -- 3 February 2002) was an analyst credited with creating the long ball game which has characterized English football.	Charles Reep	3 February 2002
date of death	Arthur Edward Waite (2 October 1857 -- 19 May 1942), commonly known as A. E. Waite, was an American-born British poet and scholarly mystic who wrote extensively on occult and esoteric matters, and was the co-creator of the Rider-Waite Tarot deck.	A. E. Waite	19 May 1942
date of death	Abu Mansur Sabuktigin (Persian: ابو منصور سبکتگین‎‎) (ca 942 -- August 997), also spelled as Sabuktagin, Sabuktakin, Sebüktegin and Sebük Tigin, was the founder of the Ghaznavid dynasty, ruling from 977 to 997.	Sabuktigin	997
date of death	Earl Carlson (c. 1925 -- c. 1970) is a former ice hockey player who played for the Durham Wasps.	Earl Carlson	1970
date of death	Diederik Sonoy or Snoey (Kalkar (Duchy of Cleves), 1529 - Pieterburen, 2 June 1597) was a leader of the Geuzen during the Eighty Years' War.	Diederik Sonoy	2 June 1597
date of death	David Leslie, 1st Lord Newark (c. 1600--1682) was a cavalry officer and General in the English Civil War and Scottish Civil Wars.	David Leslie, 1st Lord Newark	1682
date of death	I. M. Rașcu (most common rendition of Ion Rașcu; March 31 (O.S. March 19) 1890 -- 1971) was a Romanian poet of Symbolist verse, cultural promoter, comparatist, and schoolteacher.	I. M. Rașcu	1971
date of death	Sir William Goring, 1st Baronet (died 1658) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1628 to 1629.	Sir William Goring, 1st Baronet	1658
date of death	Lady Auriel Rosemary Malet Vaughan (20 January 1923 -- 14 October 2014) was an author of literary fiction and biographies who wrote under the name of Oriel Malet.	Oriel Malet	14 October 2014
date of death	George Clancy, also known as Seoirse Mac Fhlannchadha and Seoirse Clancy, (1881 -- 7 March 1921), was an Irish nationalist politician and Mayor of Limerick.	George Clancy	7 March 1921
date of death	Sri Swami Anandpuri ji Maharaj (1782--1872) is known as the founder of the Advait Mat tradition.	Anandpuri	1872
date of death	Xu Enzeng (Chinese: 徐恩曾) (1896 - 1985) was a Republic of China politician.	Xu Enzeng	1985
date of death	John Paget Figg-Hoblyn died in a nursing home on 12 June 2011 at the age of 85.	John Paget Figg-Hoblyn	12 June 2011
date of death	Joseph Jane (died 1660) was an English royalist politician and controversialist.	Joseph Jane	1660
date of death	Sir Nathaniel Creswick K.C.B. (31 July 1831 -- 20 October 1917) was an English footballer who co-founded Sheffield FC, the oldest football club in the world, in 1857.	Nathaniel Creswick	October 1917
date of death	Kadaru Nagabhushanam or K. B. Nagabhushanam (Telugu: కడారు నాగభూషణం) (1902 -- 18 October 1976) was a Telugu and Tamil film director and producer in the 1940s to 1960s.	Kadaru Nagabhushanam	18 October 1976
date of death	Johann Adam Breunig (1660 in Mainz -- 1727) was a German Baroque architect.	Johann Adam Breunig	1727
date of death	William Faithorne, often ``the Elder'', (1616 -- 13 May 1691), English painter and engraver.	William Faithorne	13 May 1691
date of death	Doris Collins (1918-2003) was a British spiritualist and psychic medium.	Doris Collins	2003
date of death	Walter Thomas James Morgan CBE FRS (5 October 1900 -- 10 February 2003) was a British biochemist noted for his work on the immunochemistry of Antigens and described as 'one of the pioneers of immunochemistry'.	Walter Thomas James Morgan	10 February 2003
date of death	Debala Mitra (14 December 1925 -- 2 December 2003) was an Indian archaeologist who served as Director General of the Archaeological Survey of India (ASI) from 1981 to 1983.	Debala Mitra	2 December 2003
date of death	Rod Watt (2 January 1895 -- 29 May 1967) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Essendon in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Rod Watt	29 May 1967
date of death	Ioannis Sofianopoulos (Greek: Ιωάννης Σοφιανόπουλος; 1887--1951) was a Greek politician and leader of the Agrarian Party.	Ioannis Sofianopoulos	1951
date of death	Sir George Aitken Clark Hutchison (6 July 1873 -- 22 December 1928) was a Scottish Unionist who served as the Member of Parliament for Midlothian and Peebles Northern from 1922 to 1923, and from 1924 until his death.	George Aitken Clark Hutchison	22 December 1928
date of death	Gaius Rubellius Blandus (?died 38) was a suffect consul of ancient Rome, a grandson of Rubellius Blandus of Tibur (see Tivoli, Italy).	Gaius Rubellius Blandus	38
date of death	Khaled Yashruti (1937 in Akko, Palestine -- 1970 in Beirut, Lebanon) was a Palestinian political activist and a leading member of the PLO.	Khaled Yashruti	1970
date of death	Bathanarius (died 408) was a politician of the Western Roman Empire, comes Africae and brother-in-law of Stilicho.	Bathanarius	408
date of death	Maria Eleonora of Brandenburg (11 November 1599 -- 28 March 1655) was a German princess and queen consort of Sweden.	Maria Eleonora of Brandenburg	28 March 1655
date of death	Mohamed El Gourch (Arabic: محمد الكورش‎‎; 11 January 1936 -- 21 February 2015) was a Moroccan road racing cyclist who won the Tour du Maroc, a record three times, in 1960, 1964 and 1965.	Mohamed El Gourch	21 February 2015
date of death	Dr. Anna Wessels Williams (1863--1954) worked as a bacteriologist at the first municipal diagnostic laboratory in the United States, helped develop the diphtheria antitoxin and was the first woman to be elected chair of the laboratory section of the American Public Health Association.	Anna Wessels Williams	1954
date of death	Okeke Nelson Malachy (d 26 January 2007, Changi Prison, Singapore) was found guilty of drug offences and subsequently executed by the government of Singapore.	Okeke Nelson Malachy	26 January 2007
date of death	Gordon Brewster (26 September 1889 -- 16 June 1946) was an editorial cartoonist for the Irish Independent group of newspapers.	Gordon Brewster	16 June 1946
date of death	Charlotte Haldane (née Franken, first married name Burghes; 27 April 1894 -- 16 March 1969) was a British feminist author.	Charlotte Haldane	16 March 1969
date of death	Gonzalo Martínez Ortega (27 April 1934 -- 2 June 1998) was a Mexican actor, director, screenwriter & producer.	Gonzalo Martínez Ortega	2 June 1998
date of death	Samuel Kemper (died 1814) was an American adventurer and filibuster.	Samuel Kemper	1814
date of death	S. Siddalingaiah (1936 -- 12 March 2015) was an Indian film director and writer in the Kannada film industry.	S. Siddalingaiah	12 March 2015
date of death	Thomas H. O'Shea (1898--1962) was an Irish revolutionary and one of the founders of the Transport Workers Union of America (TWU), subway workers in New York City that expanded to represent members in other forms of transit nationwide.	Thomas H. O'Shea	1962
date of death	Vijaya Narasimha (Kannada: ವಿಜಯ ನರಸಿಂಹ) (1927 -- 31 October 2001) was an Indian lyricist who worked in Kannada cinema.	Vijaya Narasimha	31 October 2001
date of death	Mary Ann DeWeese (1913--1993) was an American sportswear designer.	Mary Ann DeWeese	1993
date of death	Ellen Maude Carey I.S.O. (1888 - 8 August 1950) was the Colonial Postmaster of the Falkland Islands from 1 January 1934.	Maude Carey	8 August 1950
date of death	William II, Marquis of Namur (22 January 1355 -- 10 January 1418) inherited the Marquisate of Namur from his father William I in 1391 and held it until his own death.	William II, Marquis of Namur	10 January 1418
date of death	Joseph Connellan, known as Joe Connellan (died 11 April 1967) was a nationalist politician and newspaper editor in Ireland.	Joe Connellan	11 April 1967
date of death	Shri Tridandi Swami (22 April 1905 -- 2 December 1999) was a renowned Sri Vaishnava saint and one of the foremost preachers of the Sri Sampradaya in North India.	Tridandi Swami	2 December 1999
date of death	Gertrude Blanch (ca. 1897 - 1996) was an American mathematician who did pioneering work in numerical analysis and computation.	Gertrude Blanch	1996
date of death	Howell Evans (3 March 1928 -- 9 September 2014) was a Welsh actor, comedian, and singer who worked extensively in television and theatre roles in a career spanning over 60 years.	Howell Evans	9 September 2014
date of death	George Meikle Kemp (25 May 1795 -- 6 March 1844) was a Scottish carpenter/joiner, draughtsman, and self-taught architect.	George Meikle Kemp	6 March 1844
date of death	John Ward Knowles (1838--1931) was a prominent British York-based stained-glass manufacturer, and commentator on local art and music.	John Ward Knowles	1931
date of death	Leonardo Morales y Pedroso (1887--1965) was one of the most prominent Cuban architects from early 20th century.	Leonardo Morales y Pedroso	1965
date of death	Meir Argov (Hebrew: מאיר ארגוב‎, Meyer Grabovsky; 1905 -- 24 November 1963) was a Zionist activist, Israeli politician and a signatory of the Israeli declaration of independence.	Meir Argov	24 November 1963
date of death	Thomas la Warr, 5th Baron De La Warr (c. 1352 -- 7 May 1427) was an English nobleman, the second son of Roger la Warr, 3rd Baron De La Warr and Elizabeth de Welle, daughter of Adam, 3rd Baron Welles.	Thomas la Warr, 5th Baron De La Warr	7 May 1427
date of death	Dr August Ferdinand Carl Schwartz (1817--1870) was a leading Hebrew Christian clergyman and minister of the Free Church of Scotland in Amsterdam, then Free Church minister in London.	Carl Schwartz	1870
date of death	Chanakya (IAST: Cāṇakya; pronunciation ; 350 -- 275 BCE) was an Indian teacher, philosopher, economist, jurist and royal advisor.	Chanakya	275 BCE
date of death	Sophus Thalbitzer (1871--1941) was a Danish psychiatrist and medical doctor specializing in manic depressive psychoses.	Sophus Thalbitzer	1941
date of death	Ben-Hur Baz (1906--2003) was a painter of pin-up art. Born in Mexico in 1906, Baz was a pin-up and glamour artist who became known in the late 1940s and 1950s for his association with Esquire magazine.	Ben-Hur Baz	2003
date of death	Samuel Courtauld (1793-1881) Catherine Courtauld (1795-) George Courtauld (1802-1861) He died on 13 August 1823 in Pittsburgh, Allegheny County, Pennsylvania.	George Courtauld	13 August 1823
date of death	Edward L. Allen (1830-1914) or E.L. Allen was a photographer in 19th-century United States.	Edward L. Allen	1914
date of death	Henry M. Brinckerhoff (1868--1949) was a pioneering highway engineer who in 1906 partnered with William Barclay Parsons to found what would eventually be known as Parsons Brinckerhoff, one of the largest transportation, planning and engineering companies in the United States.	Henry M. Brinckerhoff	1949
date of death	Andrew Keir (3 April 1926 -- 5 October 1997) was a Scottish actor, who rose to prominence in a number of films made by Hammer Film Productions in the 1960s.	Andrew Keir	5 October 1997
date of death	Blessed Teresa Manganiello (1 January 1849 -- 4 November 1876) was an Italian who became a member of the Secular Franciscan Order.	Teresa Manganiello	4 November 1876
date of death	Giano II di Campofregoso (1455--1525) was the 43rd Doge of Genoa, ruling from 29 June 1512 to 25 May 1513.	Giano II di Campofregoso	1525
date of death	Johann Jakob Erhardt, or John James Erhardt, (17 April 1823 -- 14 August 1901) was a German missionary and explorer who worked in East Africa and India.	Jakob Erhardt	14 August 1901
date of death	Paolo Constabile (died 1582) was the Master of the Order of Preachers from 1580 to 1582.	Paolo Constabile	1582
date of death	Isador Goodman AM (27 May 1909 -- 2 December 1982) was a South African-Australian Jewish pianist, composer and conductor.	Isador Goodman	2 December 1982
date of death	Thomas Wotton, 2nd Baron Wotton (1587 -- 2 April 1630) was an English peer.	Thomas Wotton, 2nd Baron Wotton	2 April 1630
date of death	Alexander Nairne D.D. (d. 1936) was a Canon of Windsor from 1921 to 1936 and Regius Professor of Divinity at Cambridge.	Alexander Nairne	1936
date of death	Bumin Qaghan (Old Turkic: , Bumïn qaγan, a.k.a. Bumın Kagan) or Illig Qaghan (Chinese: 伊利可汗, Pinyin: yīlì kěhàn, Wade--Giles: i-li k'o-han, died 552 AD) was the founder of the Turkic Khaganate.	Bumin Qaghan	552
date of death	Alfredo Gargiullo (Genoa, 3 April 1906 - Milan, 9 March 1928) was an Italian sprinter (400 m).	Alfredo Gargiullo	9 March 1928
date of death	Shalva Amiranashvili (Georgian: შალვა ამირანაშვილი; 26 March 1899 -- 9 February 1975) was a Georgian art historian, one of the first to have engaged in systematic scholarly treatment of the art of Georgia.	Shalva Amiranashvili	9 February 1975
date of death	Sir George Onesiphorus Paul, 2nd Baronet (1746--1820) was an English prison reformer and philanthropist.	Sir George Onesiphorus Paul, 2nd Baronet	1820
date of death	Israel Goldstein (June 18, 1896 -- 1986) was an American-born Israeli rabbi, author and Zionist leader.	Israel Goldstein	1986
date of death	Amelia of Masovia (pl: Amelia mazowiecka; 1397/98 - after 17 May 1434), was a Polish princess member of the House of Piast in the Masovian branch.	Amelia of Masovia	17 May 1434
date of death	Sultan Mahmud Mirza (c. 1453 - January 1495) was a prince Timurid branch of Transoxiana, son of Abu Sa'id Mirza.	Sultan Mahmud Mirza	1495
date of death	Hubert Detremmerie (26 March 1930; Deerlijk--9 November 2008; Ronse) was a Belgian businessman and banker.	Hubert Detremmerie	9 November 2008
date of death	Ebenezer Brown (ca 1824 -- June 5, 1883)was an English-born wholesale merchant and political figure in British Columbia.	Ebenezer Brown	1883
date of death	Admiral Radhakrishna Hariram Tahiliani (Hindi: राधाकृष्ण हरिराम तहिलियानी, 12 May 1930 -- 14 October 2015) also known as R. H. Tahiliani, was a Four-Star Admiral in the Indian Navy.	Radhakrishna Hariram Tahiliani	14 October 2015
date of death	Samuel Cummings, (7 February 1927 -- 29 April 1998) was an American small arms dealer.	Samuel Cummings	29 April 1998
date of death	Pedro Pompilio (11 November 1949 -- 30 October 2008 in Bernal, Buenos Aires) was a football businessman and chairman of Boca Juniors.	Pedro Pompilio	30 October 2008
date of death	Zhu Xuzhi (simplified Chinese: 朱虚之; traditional Chinese: 朱虛之; pinyin: Zhū Xūzhī; 1912-8 November 2000) was a general in the People's Liberation Army of China.	Zhu Xuzhi	8 November 2000
date of death	Gwen Foster (1903--1954) was an old-time/country harmonica player who was known for work in The Carolina Tar Heels and the Blue Ridge Mountain Entertainers.	Gwen Foster	1954
date of death	Jonathan Stevens (died 27 December 2013), known as ``Dr. Jonny'', was a British medical researcher and campaigner for people with Parkinson's Disease.	Jonathan Stevens	27 December 2013
date of death	David Urquhart (1 July 1805 -- 16 May 1877) was a Scottish diplomat, writer and politician, serving as a Member of Parliament from 1847 to 1852.	David Urquhart	16 May 1877
date of death	Humphry William Woolrych (1795--1871) was an English lawyer, known as a legal writer and biographer.	Humphry William Woolrych	1871
date of death	Thomas Hobbes Scott (17 April 1783 -- 1 January 1860) was an English-born clergyman, active in Australia.	Thomas Hobbes Scott	1 January 1860
date of death	Dulcie Howes (31 December 1908 -- 19 March 1993) was a South African ballet dancer, teacher, choreographer, and company director.	Dulcie Howes	1993
date of death	Jovan Tomić (9 May 1869 in Nova Varoš -- 22 July 1932 in Belgrade) was Serbian historian and member of Serbian Academy of Science and Arts.	Jovan Tomić	22 July 1932
date of death	Hector Morison (1850 -- 4 June 1939) was a British stockbroker and Liberal Party politician.	Hector Morison	4 June 1939
date of death	Sir Thomas Kitson (1485 -- 11 September 1540) was a wealthy English merchant, Sheriff of London, and builder of Hengrave Hall in Suffolk.	Thomas Kitson	11 September 1540
date of death	Gerald Sharp (27 October 1865 -- 30 August 1933) was an English-born Anglican clergyman, Archbishop of Brisbane 1921--1933.	Gerald Sharp	1933
date of death	Ernest de Sélincourt (1870--1943) was a British literary scholar and critic.	Ernest de Sélincourt	1943
date of death	Elizabeth Cobbold or Carolina Petty Pasty born Elizabeth Knipe (1765--1824) was a British writer and poet.	Elizabeth Cobbold	1824
date of death	Lazare de Baïf (1496--1547) was a French diplomat and humanist.	Lazare de Baïf	1547
date of death	Empress Yang Zhi (楊芷) (259--292), courtesy name Jilan (季蘭), nickname Nanyin (男胤), formally Empress Wudao (武悼皇后, literally ``the martial and fearful empress'') was an empress of Jin Dynasty (265--420).	Empress Yang Zhi	292
date of death	Lionel Bradley Pett (November 12, 1909- 2003) was a Canadian biochemist and nutritionist.	Lionel Bradley Pett	2003
date of death	Anne-François-Charles Trelliard or Treillard or Treilhard, born 7 February 1764 -- died 14 May 1832, joined the cavalry of the French Royal Army as a cadet gentleman in 1780.	Anne-François-Charles Trelliard	14 May 1832
date of death	Angharad Llwyd (15 April 1780 -- 16 October 1866) was a Welsh antiquary and a prizewinner at the National Eisteddfod of Wales.	Angharad Llwyd	16 October 1866
date of death	Henry Smith Leiper (17 September 1891 -- 22 January 1975) was a missionary.	Henry Smith Leiper	22 January 1975
date of death	Robert Wellbeloved Scott, born Robert Wellbeloved (15 July 1803 -- 21 February 1856) was the Liberal Member of Parliament (MP) for Walsall, England from 1841 to 1847.	Robert Wellbeloved Scott	21 February 1856
date of death	Gerard Legh (died 1563) was an English lawyer, known as a writer on heraldry.	Gerard Legh	1563
date of death	Lewis Greifer (19 December 1915 in London, England -- 18 March 2003) was a writer for television, film, and radio.	Lewis Greifer	18 March 2003
date of death	Paddy Crosbie (1 October 1913 -- 2 September 1982) was the Irish creator of the radio and television programmes The School Around The Corner and Back To School.	Paddy Crosbie	2 September 1982
date of death	Blessed Pio Alberto del Corona, O.P. (5 July 1837 - 15 August 1912), born Alberto del Corona, was a Roman Catholic Italian archbishop and the founder of the Dominican Sisters of the Holy Spirit.	Pio Alberto del Corona	15 August 1912
date of death	René Marcelin (12 June 1885-24 September 1914) was a French physical chemist, who died in World War I at a young age.	René Marcelin	24 September 1914
date of death	Camillo Guerra (Naples 21 May 1797 -- 10 March 1874 Naples) was an Italian painter, active mainly in Naples, Italy.	Camillo Guerra	10 March 1874
date of death	John Aloysius Blake (1826 -- 22 May 1887) was an Irish nationalist politician and Member of Parliament.	John Aloysius Blake	22 May 1887
date of death	John Laney (died 1633), of Cratfield and Ipswich, Suffolk, was an English politician.	John Laney	1633
date of death	Sir Ifor Williams (16 April 1881 -- 4 November 1965) was a Welsh scholar who laid the foundations for the academic study of Old Welsh, particularly early Welsh poetry.	Ifor Williams	4 November 1965
date of death	İsmail Selen (1931, Bolu - 23 May 1991, Ankara) was a retired general in the Turkish Gendarmerie.	İsmail Selen	23 May 1991
date of death	Charles Ransford died on 11 July 1886 at The Hospital of St. Cross in Winchester, Hampshire, England.	Charles Ransford	11 July 1886
date of death	Charles Stedman (1753--1812) was a British Army officer who fought in the American War of Independence and afterwards wrote a detailed history on the conflict.	Charles Stedman	1812
date of death	Edvard Engelsaas (17 November 1872 -- 3 August 1902) was a Norwegian speed skater and world champion.	Edvard Engelsaas	3 August 1902
date of death	Chrysocheir (Greek: Χρυσόχειρ), also known as Chrysocheres, Chrysocheris, or Chrysocheiros (Χρυσόχερης/Χρυσόχερις/Χρυσόχειρος), all meaning ``goldhand'', was the last leader of the Paulician principality of Tephrike from 863 to 872.	Chrysocheir	872
date of death	Ulrich, 10th Prince Kinsky of Wchinitz and Tettau (German: Ulrich Ferdinand Adolf Antonius Bonaventura Maria Fürst Kinsky von Wchinitz und Tettau; 15 August 1893 -- 19 December 1938) was the titular pretender Prince Kinsky of Wchinitz and Tettau.	Ulrich, 10th Prince Kinsky of Wchinitz and Tettau	19 December 1938
date of death	Joaquin Alberto Vargas y Chávez (9 February 1896 -- 30 December 1982) was a noted Peruvian painter of pin-up girls.	Alberto Vargas	30 December 1982
date of death	Sim On (1375 -- 18 January 1419 (the 23rd day of the 12th lunar month 1418)) was a Prime Minister or Chief State Councillor of the Korean Joseon Dynasty from September 1418 to December 1418 and the father of a Queen and father-in-law to King Sejong.	Sim On	18 January 1419
date of death	Nicholas II of Niemodlin (Polish: Mikołaj II Niemodliński; c. 1462 -- 27 June 1497), was a Duke of Opole-Brzeg-Strzelce-Niemodlin in 1476 (as co-ruler of his father) and sole Duke of Niemodlin from 1476 until his death.	Nicholas II of Niemodlin	27 June 1497
date of death	Ralph Churton (1754--1831) was an English churchman and academic, archdeacon of St David's and a biographer.	Ralph Churton	1831
date of death	Ramananda Chatterjee (Bengali: রামানন্দ চট্টোপাধ্যায়) (29 May 1865 -- 30 September 1943) was founder, editor, and owner of the Calcutta based magazine, the Modern Review.	Ramananda Chatterjee	30 September 1943
date of death	James Hamilton Siree Clarke (25 January 1840 -- 9 July 1912), better known as Hamilton Clarke, was an English conductor, composer and organist.	Hamilton Clarke	9 July 1912
date of death	Auxentius of Mopsuestia (died 360) was bishop of Mopsuestia, and is a saint in the Eastern Orthodox and Roman Catholic churches.	Auxentius of Mopsuestia	360
date of death	Jean Gillon (1919--2007) was a Brazilian furniture designer.	Jean Gillon	2007
date of death	Anas ibn Malik ibn Nadar al-Khazraji Al-Ansari (Arabic: أنس بن مالك الخزرجي الأنصاري‎, c.612-712, or died 709) was a well-known sahabi (companion) of the Islamic prophet Muhammad.	Anas ibn Malik	709
date of death	Hanifa Safi (died 13 July 2012) was the regional head of the Women's Affairs Ministry for Laghman Province, Afghanistan, since 2008.	Hanifa Safi	13 July 2012
date of death	Henry John May (16 July 1867 -- 19 November 1939) was a British co-operative movement activist.	Henry John May	19 November 1939
date of death	Duan Yuanfei (段元妃) (died 396), formally Empress Cheng'ai (成哀皇后, literally ``the successful and lamentable empress''), was an empress of the Chinese/Xianbei state Later Yan.	Duan Yuanfei	396
date of death	Branko Gavella (29 July 1885 -- 8 April 1962) was a Croatian theatre director, critic and essayist.	Branko Gavella	8 April 1962
date of death	Stephen Peer (1840-1887) was a tightrope walker who, though he completed the feat successfully many times, fell to his death while walking a tightrope over Niagara Falls.	Stephen Peer	1887
date of death	Evelyn Greeley (1888--1975) was a prominent actress in the early years of silent film, appearing in approximately 30 films from 1915 to 1922.	Evelyn Greeley	1975
date of death	Johannes Schenck (or Schenk, 3 June 1660--after 1712) was a Dutch musician and composer.	Johannes Schenck	1712
date of death	James Erskine, 6th Earl of Buchan (died 1640), was the eldest son of John Erskine, Earl of Mar, by his second wife, Lady Margaret Stuart, daughter of Esme Stewart, duke of Lennox.	James Erskine, 6th Earl of Buchan	1640
date of death	Allan Maconochie, Lord Meadowbank FRSE FSA(Scot) (1748--1816) was a Scottish advocate, academic jurist, judge and agriculturalist.	Allan Maconochie, Lord Meadowbank	1816
date of death	Heinrich Feisthauer (14 September 1898 -- 11 November 1964) was an opponent of the Nazi regime and survivor of Sachsenhausen concentration camp of Silesian origin.	Heinrich Feisthauer	11 November 1964
date of death	Katarina Asplund (1690-1758), was a Finnish pietist.	Katarina Asplund	1758
date of death	Luigi Piacenza (22 March 1935 -- 14 November 2009) was an Italian botanist, with expertise in ethnobotany and paleobotany.	Luigi Piacenza	14 November 2009
date of death	Margo MacDonald (née Aitken; 19 April 1943 -- 4 April 2014) was a Scottish teacher, broadcaster and politician.	Margo MacDonald	4 April 2014
date of death	Karl Friedrich Köppen (26 April 1808 -- 26 April 1863) was a German teacher and political journalist.	Karl Friedrich Köppen	26 April 1863
date of death	Ruggero Mastroianni (7 November 1929 -- 9 September 1996) was an Italian film editor; critic Tony Sloman has called him ``arguably, the finest Italian film editor of his generation.''	Ruggero Mastroianni	9 September 1996
date of death	Georgios Sakellarios (Greek: Γεώργιος Σακελλάριος; 1765--1838) was a chief physician at the court of Ali Pasha.	Georgios Sakellarios	1838
date of death	Wang Hongyi (王弘義) (died 694) was a secret police official during the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty and Wu Zetian's Zhou Dynasty.	Wang Hongyi	694
date of death	Clifton Cappie Towle (1888--1946), founding member of The Anthropological Society of New South Wales in 1928 with William Walford Thorpe.	Clifton Cappie Towle	1946
date of death	Edwin Duncan Sandys, Baron Duncan-Sandys (/ˈsændz/) CH PC (24 January 1908 -- 26 November 1987) was a British politician and minister in successive Conservative governments in the 1950s and 1960s.	Duncan Sandys	26 November 1987
date of death	Johannes Hähle (15 February 1906 -- 10 June 1944) was a German military photographer during World War II.	Johannes Hähle	10 June 1944
date of death	Crispian St. Peters (5 April 1939 -- 8 June 2010) was an English pop singer-songwriter, best known for his work in the 1960s, particularly his 1966 hits, ``The Pied Piper'' and ``You Were on My Mind.''	Crispian St. Peters	8 June 2010
date of death	Domingo Bucci (San Carlos Centro 1894 - Arrecifes 1933) was an Argentine racing driver.	Domingo Bucci	1933
date of death	Dr Charles Kearns Deane Tanner (20 September 1849 - 21 April 1901) was an Irish surgeon and politician.	Charles Kearns Deane Tanner	21 April 1901
date of death	Joseph Rodes Buchanan (1814 in Frankfort, Kentucky -- 1899) was an American physician and professor of physiology at the Eclectic Medical Institute in Covington, Kentucky.	Joseph Rodes Buchanan	1899
date of death	Professor Nasir Imanguliyev died in 1998, in Baku.	Nasir Imanguliyev	1998
date of death	Odd Grønvold (8 September 1907 -- 18 February 1992) was a Norwegian royal servant.	Odd Grønvold	18 February 1992
date of death	Graeme McMahon (1940 -- 1 July 2014) was an Australian rules football player and executive, best known as chairman of Essendon from 1997 to 2003.	Graeme McMahon	1 July 2014
date of death	Lieutenant Colonel Charles Terence Chichele Plowden (6 February 1883 - 13 July 1956) was a British army officer, military administrator and diplomat who served as political agent of the Baluchistan and Resident and Chief Commissioner of Coorg from 1933 to 1937.	Charles Terence Chichele Plowden	13 July 1956
date of death	Timothy Akis, born around 1944 in Tsembaga village, Simbai Valley, Madang Province, Papua New Guinea, died in 1984, was a Papua New Guinean artist.	Timothy Akis	1984
date of death	John Conrad Otto (born near Woodbridge, New Jersey, 15 March 1774; died in Philadelphia, 26 June 1844) was a United States physician.	John Conrad Otto	26 June 1844
date of death	Imane Khalifeh (1955--1995) was a Lebanese educator and peace activist.	Imane Khalifeh	1995
date of death	Hal Downey (1877-1959) was an American hematologist.	Hal Downey	1959
date of death	Anna of Eppstein-Königstein (Königstein, 1481 -- Stolberg, 7 August 1538) was the daughter of Philip I of Eppstein-Königstein and his wife, Louise de la Marck.	Anna of Eppstein-Königstein	7 August 1538
date of death	Saint Genebald (Genebaldus, Genebandus) (French: Génebaud, Génebaut, Guénebauld) (died 550 AD) was a Frankish bishop of Laon.	Genebald	550
date of death	Don Diego de San Francisco Tehuetzquititzin (sometimes called Tehuetzquiti or Tehuetzqui) (died 1554) was the 16th tlatoani and second governor of Tenochtitlan.	Diego de San Francisco Tehuetzquititzin	1554
date of death	David Basnett, Baron Basnett (9 February 1924 -- 25 January 1989) was a prominent British trade union leader.	David Basnett	25 January 1989
date of death	John Dalrymple, 5th Earl of Stair (1720--1789) was a Scottish soldier and politician.	John Dalrymple, 5th Earl of Stair	1789
date of death	Herbert James Craig CBE (30 September 1869-18 March 1934) was a British Liberal Party politician, businessman and barrister.	Herbert James Craig	18 March 1934
date of death	Ted Politz (28 July 1889 -- 14 February 1967) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Ted Politz	14 February 1967
date of death	Philip Albright Small Franklin (1 February 1871-- 14 August 1939) was president and chairman of International Mercantile Marine Company (IMM) from 1916 to 1936.	Philip Albright Small Franklin	14 August 1939
date of death	Carlo Somigliana (20 September 1860 -- 20 June 1955) was an Italian mathematician and a classical mathematical physicist, faithful member of the school of Enrico Betti and Eugenio Beltrami.	Carlo Somigliana	20 June 1955
date of death	Lawrence Malcolm Allison (1894--1974) was a maker of gliders and was a pioneer aviator.	Lawrence Malcolm Allison	1974
date of death	Alf Murray (1914 -- 12 March 1999) was an Irish Gaelic footballer who played as a right wing-forward for the Armagh senior team.	Alf Murray	12 March 1999
date of death	Friedrich Wilhelm Konow (11 July 1842, in Mechow -- 18 March 1908, in Teschendorf) was a German entomologist who specialised in Hymenoptera especially Tenthredinidae.	Friedrich Wilhelm Konow	18 March 1908
date of death	Sir Salathiel Lovell (1631/2--1713) was an English judge, Recorder of London, an ancient and bencher of Gray's Inn, and a Baron of the Exchequer.	Salathiel Lovell	1713
date of death	Myron Stout (1908--1987) was an American abstract painter whose geometric paintings and drawings bridged the styles of Abstract Expressionism and Minimalism.	Myron Stout	1987
date of death	Nir Poraz (14 May 1971 -- 14 October 1994) (Hebrew: ניר פורז) was an Israeli Defence Forces Captain who was killed in action by Hamas during the failed October 14, 1994 rescue mission for IDF soldier Nachshon Wachsman in Bir Nabbalah.	Nir Poraz	14 October 1994
date of death	Oleg Tronko (20 June 1918, Kiev, Russian Empire - 27 February 1939, Rome, Italy) was a Catholic convert from Orthodoxy and a seminarist from Russicum.	Oleg Tronko	27 February 1939
date of death	Takis Kanellopoulos (Greek: Τάκης Κανελλόπουλος; 26 October 1933 -- 21 September 1990) was a Greek film director and screenwriter.	Takis Kanellopoulos	21 September 1990
date of death	Liu Jianfeng (劉建鋒) (d. 896), courtesy name Ruiduan (銳端), was a warlord late in the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty, who controlled Wu'an Circuit (武安, headquartered in modern Changsha, Hunan) from 894 to his death in 896.	Liu Jianfeng	896
date of death	Marjorie Grice-Hutchinson (26 May 1908 -- 12 April 2003) was an English economist, best known for her work on the history of economic thought in Spain, and particularly that of the late Scholastic School of Salamanca.	Marjorie Grice-Hutchinson	12 April 2003
date of death	Guy Middleton Powell (14 December 1907 -- 30 July 1973), better known as Guy Middleton, was an English film character actor.	Guy Middleton	30 July 1973
date of death	Heather Stohler (29 November 1979 -- 11 May 2008) was an American model.	Heather Stohler	11 May 2008
date of death	William Henry Hudson (4 August 1841 -- 18 August 1922) was an author, naturalist, and ornithologist.	William Henry Hudson	18 August 1922
date of death	Robert Connell (1871--1957) was a clergyman and politician in British Columbia.	Robert Connell	1957
date of death	John Francis Toye (27 January 1883 -- 13 October 1964) was an English music critic, teacher, writer and educational administrator.	Francis Toye	13 October 1964
date of death	Lieutenant General Sagat Singh, PVSM (14 July 1918 -- 26 September 2001) was a three-star General in the Indian Army notable for his participation in liberation of Goa and later in Bangladesh.	Sagat Singh	26 September 2001
date of death	General Lázár Mészáros (English: Lazarus Mészáros) (20 February 1796 in Baja -- 16 November 1858 in Eywood), was the Minister of War during the 1848 Hungarian Revolution.	Lázár Mészáros	16 November 1858
date of death	Friedrich Hopfner (28 October 1881 -- 5 September 1949) was an Austrian geodesist, geophysicist and planetary scientist.	Friedrich Hopfner	1949
date of death	Bartolomeo Panciatichi (1507-1582) was an Italian humanist and politician.	Bartolomeo Panciatichi	1582
date of death	Alessio de Marchis or il Marchis (Naples, 1684-1752, Perugia) was an Italian painter of the early 18th century, active mainly in Rome and Urbino, mainly as a landscape painter.	Alessio de Marchis	1752
date of death	James Halman (c. 1639 -- 23 December 1702) was an academic of the University of Cambridge.	James Halman	23 December 1702
date of death	Humphrey FitzAlan, 15th Earl of Arundel, 5th Baron Maltravers (30 January 1429 -- 24 April 1438).	Humphrey FitzAlan, 15th Earl of Arundel	24 April 1438
date of death	Air Commodore Arthur Vere Harvey, Baron Harvey of Prestbury CBE (31 January 1906--5 April 1994) was a British Conservative politician, and Member of Parliament (MP) for 26 years.	Arthur Vere Harvey, Baron Harvey of Prestbury	5 April 1994
date of death	Arthur Lismer, CC (27 June 1885 -- 23 March 1969) was an English-Canadian painter and member of the Group of Seven.	Arthur Lismer	23 March 1969
date of death	Louis Adamic (Slovene: Alojz Adamič) (23 March 1898 -- 4 September 1951) was a Slovene-American author and translator, mostly known for writing about and advocating for ethnic diversity of America.	Louis Adamic	4 September 1951
date of death	Reginald Grey, 3rd Baron Grey de Ruthyn (c. 1362 -- 30 September 1440), a powerful Welsh marcher lord, succeeded to the title on his father's death in July 1388.	Reginald Grey, 3rd Baron Grey de Ruthyn	1440
date of death	Arthur Clarence Pillsbury (1870--1946) was a United States photographer, best known for landscapes of Yosemite National Park, photos of the 1906 San Francisco earthquake, and time lapse photography of flowers.	Arthur Clarence Pillsbury	1946
date of death	Alexander Bliss (29 December 1827 -- 30 April 1896) was assistant quartermaster general of the Union forces and a Colonel in the United States Army during the American Civil War.	Alexander Bliss	30 April 1896
date of death	Julio César Britos Vázquez (18 May 1926 -- 27 March 1998) was an Uruguayan footballer, who played for CA Peñarol and Real Madrid.	Julio César Britos	27 March 1998
date of death	Pierre Grimod du Fort (1692 -- October 1748) was a fermier général and art collector under Louis XV, and a member of the famous Grimaud family.	Pierre Grimod du Fort	1748
date of death	Francesco Fracanzano (1612--1656) was an Italian painter who participated in the Masaniello rebellion.	Francesco Fracanzano	1656
date of death	Ataur Rahman Khan died in Dhaka on 7 December 1991 and is buried beside Parliament.	Ataur Rahman Khan	7 December 1991
date of death	Haika Grossman (Hebrew: חייקה גרוסמן‎, 20 November 1919 -- 26 May 1996) was an Israeli politician and member of Knesset.	Haika Grossman	26 May 1996
date of death	Carlo Fassi (20 December 1929 -- 20 March 1997) was an Italian figure skater and international coach whose students included several World and Olympic champions.	Carlo Fassi	20 March 1997
date of death	Prof Robert Percival Cook FRSE (1906-1989) was an Australian-born biochemist.	Robert Percival Cook	1989
date of death	Joseph W. Dailey (17 February 1917 -- 5 July 2007) served as the fifth Sergeant Major of the Marine Corps from 1 August 1969 until he retired from active duty in the Marine Corps on 31 January 1973.	Joseph W. Dailey	5 July 2007
date of death	Sir Harry Ord died on 20 August 1885 from heart attack.	Harry Ord	20 August 1885
date of death	Christian Henrik Arendrup (March 25, 1837 -- 1913) was Governor-General of The Danish West Indies, from 1881 to 1893.	Christian Henrik Arendrup	1913
date of death	Devanand Swami (1803--1854) was an Indian swami.	Devanand Swami	1854
date of death	Milos Konopasek (died in Boston, Massachusetts, 9 January 2002) was a Czechoslovakia-born mechanical engineer best known as the creator of TK!	Milos Konopasek	9 January 2002
date of death	León Zuckert (4 May 1904, Poltava -- 29 May 1992, Toronto) was a Canadian composer, conductor, arranger, violinist, violist and radio pioneer of Ukrainian descent.	León Zuckert	29 May 1992
date of death	Gaspare Bazzani (21 April 1701--6 May 1780) was an Italian painter active in Reggio Emilia as a painter of vedute or landscapes, as well as a scenic designer.	Gaspare Bazzani	1780
date of death	Ștefan Tomșa or Ștefan VIII (Polish: Stefan VIII Tomża) (d. 5 May 1564 in Lwów) was the ruler of Moldavia in 1563 and 1564.	Ștefan Tomșa	1564
date of death	Ardeshir Cowasjee (13 April 1926 -- 24 November 2012) (Urdu: اردشير کاوﺳﺠﻰ‎) was a Pakistani newspaper columnist, social activist, and philanthropist.	Ardeshir Cowasjee	24 November 2012
date of death	Aaron Cleveland (29 October 1715 -- 17 August 1757 Philadelphia) was a clergyman.	Aaron Cleveland	17 August 1757
date of death	Berit Wallenberg (1902--1995) was a Swedish archaeologist, art historian, photographer, and donor.	Berit Wallenberg	1995
date of death	Mykhajlo Levitsky (or Mykhailo Levytskyi (Ukrainian: Михайло Левицький, Polish: Michał Lewicki)); 17 February, 1774 -- 14 January, 1858) was the Metropolitan Archbishop of the Ukrainian Greek Catholic Church from 1816 until his death in 1858 and a Cardinal of the Catholic Church.	Mykhajlo Levitsky	14 January, 1858
date of death	Oswald Pryor (15 February 1881 -- 13 June 1971) was a South Australian cartoonist noted for his depictions of life in the Copper triangle, particularly of miners from Cornwall.	Oswald Pryor	13 June 1971
date of death	Zlata Petković (11 February 1954 -- 3 December 2012) was a Serbian actress, model, television host and singer.	Zlata Petković	3 December 2012
date of death	Ananias Dare (c. 1560 -- June 27, 1587, legal death) was the husband of Eleanor White, whom he married at St Bride's Church in Fleet Street, City of London.	Ananias Dare	1587
date of death	Robert Parry Nisbet JP DL (1793 -- 31 May 1882) was a British public man.	Robert Parry Nisbet	31 May 1882
date of death	Philip Silver (1909--1999), of New York City, was a philatelist who specialized in the field of air mail stamps, known as aerophilately.	Philip Silver	1999
date of death	Micheál Ó Mordha (English: Michael Moore) (c.1639-1723) was an Irish priest, philosopher and educationalist.	Micheál Ó Mordha	1723
date of death	Harry Lampe (14 September 1874 -- 25 August 1939) was an Australian rules footballer who played with the South Melbourne Football Club in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Harry Lampe	25 August 1939
date of death	Nguyễn Quyền (1869--1941) was a Vietnamese scholar-gentry anti-colonial revolutionary activist who advocated independence from French colonial rule.	Nguyễn Quyền	1941
date of death	Nicolás Francés, (died 1468) was a Spanish painter and miniaturist.	Nicolás Francés	1468
date of death	Margaret Oliphant Wilson Oliphant (née Margaret Oliphant Wilson) (4 April 1828 -- 25 June 1897), was a Scottish novelist and historical writer, who usually wrote as Mrs. Oliphant.	Margaret Oliphant	25 June 1897
date of death	Adnan Kahveci (20 February 1949 in Sürmene, Trabzon Province -- 5 February 1993 in Gerede) was a noted Turkish politician who served as a key advisor to Prime Minister Turgut Özal throughout the 1980s.	Adnan Kahveci	5 February 1993
date of death	Nigel Heseltine (3 July 1916 -- 1995) was an English author, of travel books, short stories, plays, and poetry, and worked as an Agronomist for the UN FAO.	Nigel Heseltine	1995
date of death	Atholl Fleming MBE (6 December 1894 -- 6 May 1972) was a British actor and an Australian radio personality.	Atholl Fleming	6 May 1972
date of death	Walter Davies (15 July 1761 -- 5 December 1849), commonly known by his bardic name Gwallter Mechain (``Walter of Mechain''), was a Welsh poet, editor, translator, antiquary and Anglican clergyman.	Gwallter Mechain	5 December 1849
date of death	Robert Satanowski (January 20, 1918 -- August 9, 1997) was a Polish general who later became a major European orchestra and opera conductor.	Robert Satanowski	1997
date of death	John Robert Procter, (16 March 1844 in Mason County, Kentucky -- 12 December 1903 in Washington, D.C.) was an American geologist and civil service reformer.	John Robert Procter	12 December 1903
date of death	Fabrizio Castello (1562--1617) was an Italian painter of Genoese origin settled in Spain.	Fabrizio Castello	1617
date of death	Sophia of Bavaria (Czech: Žofie Bavorská; German: Sophie von Bayern; 1376 -- 4 November 1428) was a Queen of Bohemia and the spouse of Wenceslaus, King of Bohemia and King of the Romans.	Sophia of Bavaria	4 November 1428
date of death	Lars Knutson Liestøl (13 June 1839 -- 15 December 1912) was the Norwegian Minister of Auditing 1888-1889, as well as head of the Ministry of the Interior in 1888.	Lars Knutson Liestøl	1912
date of death	Mary Ann Rundall ( -- 2 October 1839) was a British educational writer who developed history books based on memorising facts using symbols.	Mary Ann Rundall	1839
date of death	Abdessadeq Cheqara (1931 -- October 31, 1998) (in Arabic: عبد الصادق شقارة) was a Moroccan singer of traditional Andalusian classical music and Moroccan folk music.	Abdessadeq Cheqara	1998
date of death	Trahaearn ap Caradog (died 1081) was a King of Gwynedd.	Trahaearn ap Caradog	1081
date of death	Judah Uziel (d. 1634, Venice, probably; Jewish Encyclopedia of 1971 says he died ca. 1600) was an Italian scholar of the 16th century, born in Spain.	Judah Uziel	1634
date of death	Count Adolf III of Nassau-Wiesbaden-Idstein (by a different way of counting: Adolf IV; 10 November 1443 -- 6 July 1511) was a son of Count John II of Nassau-Wiesbaden-Idstein and his wife Maria of Nassau-Dillenburg (1463--1504).	Adolf III of Nassau-Wiesbaden-Idstein	6 July 1511
date of death	Third Lieutenant Leonidas I. Robinson (unknown--June 6, 1891) was the first graduate of the School of Instruction of the Revenue Cutter Service to die in the line of duty.	Leonidas I. Robinson	1891
date of death	Sir Edward Maunde Thompson, GCB (1840 -- 14 September 1929) was a British palaeographer and Principal Librarian and first Director of the British Museum.	Edward Maunde Thompson	14 September 1929
date of death	Henrik Have (14 March 1946 -- 12 September 2014) was a Danish author and artist.	Henrik Have	12 September 2014
date of death	François Delange (1935 - June 2007) was a Belgian physician and researcher who contributed to thyroid research.	François Delange	June 2007
date of death	Isaac Woodbridge Riley (born New York City, 20 May 1869; died September 1933) was a United States historian of philosophy whose studies of Mormonism and Christian Science made him a focus of controversy.	Woodbridge Riley	1933
date of death	John Buckle Barlee (2 June 1831 -- August 1870) was an English rower who won the Silver Goblets at Henley Royal Regatta.	John Buckle Barlee	August 1870
date of death	Charles Terront (9 April 1857 -- 31 October 1932) was the first major French cycling star.	Charles Terront	31 October 1932
date of death	Edward Frank Wise (3 July 1885 -- 5 November 1933), commonly known as E.F.Wise or Frank Wise was an economist, Civil Servant at the National Insurance Commission, War Office and Ministry of Food and Board of Trade.	Edward Frank Wise	5 November 1933
date of death	Doug Gillespie (13 December 1887 -- 6 January 1946) was an Australian rules footballer who played for Carlton in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Doug Gillespie	6 January 1946
date of death	Robert O'Dwyer (in Gaelic: Riobárd Ó Duibhir) (27 January 1862 -- 6 January 1949) was an Irish composer mainly known for having written one of the first operas in the Irish language.	Robert O'Dwyer	6 January 1949
date of death	Alan Archibald Campbell-Swinton FRSE (18 October 1863 - 19 February 1930) was a Scottish consulting electrical engineer, who provided the theoretical basis for the electronic television, two decades before the technology existed to implement it.	Alan Archibald Campbell-Swinton	1930
date of death	Yang Wenguang (楊文廣) (died 1074) was a general in ancient China's Northern Song Dynasty.	Yang Wenguang	1074
date of death	Brigadier General Neil Douglas Findlay CB (7 May 1859 -- 10 September 1914) was a British Army general.	Neil Douglas Findlay	10 September 1914
date of death	Vic Truman (21 December 1899 -- 7 November 1976) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton and Fitzroy in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Vic Truman	7 November 1976
date of death	Giovanni Battista Mingardi (Born Padua, died Venice 1796) was an Italian painter, active in a late-Baroque style mainly in Venice and its mainland territories.	Giovanni Battista Mingardi	1796
date of death	Sir Charles Holroyd (9 April 1861 -- 17 November 1917) was an English artist and curator.	Charles Holroyd	17 November 1917
date of death	Pandolfo I Malatesta (c. 1267 -- 6 April 1326), son of Malatesta da Verucchio, was an Italian condottiero and Lord of Rimini from 1317.	Pandolfo I Malatesta	1326
date of death	Wilhelm Phillip Daniel Schulz (6 March 1805 -- 1 August 1877), also known as Guillermo Schulz, was a German mine engineer and geologist who spent most of his professional life in Spain.	Wilhelm Phillip Daniel Schulz	1 August 1877
date of death	Sir Chittampalam Abraham Gardiner (6 January 1899 -- December 1960) was a Ceylon Tamil businessman and member of the Senate of Ceylon.	Chittampalam Abraham Gardiner	December 1960
date of death	Zia Fariduddin Dagar (15 June 1932 -- 8 May 2013) was an Indian classical vocalist in the Dhrupad, the oldest existing form of north Indian classical music (Hindustani classical music) and part of the Dagar family of musicians.	Zia Fariduddin Dagar	8 May 2013
date of death	Taras Kiktyov (Ukrainian: Тарас Юрійович Кіктьов; 7 November 1986 -- 16 July 2012) was a Ukrainian professional football player.	Taras Kiktyov	16 July 2012
date of death	Hubertus Czernin (more fully, Hubertus Alexander Felix Franz Maria Czernin von und zu Chudenitz; 17 January 1956 -- 10 June 2006) was an Austrian investigative journalist.	Hubertus Czernin	10 June 2006
date of death	Anne Commire (11 August 1939 -- 23 February 2012) was an American playwright and editor.	Anne Commire	23 February 2012
date of death	James Howe McClure (1851 -- 1909) was a Scottish rugby football player and along with his brother George Buchanan McClure, has the distinction of being the first twin to be capped in international rugby.	James Howe McClure	1909
date of death	Gerald James Whitrow (9 June 1912 -- 2 June 2000) was a British mathematician, cosmologist and science historian.	Gerald James Whitrow	2 June 2000
date of death	Mafalda Salvatini (17 October 1886 - 13 June 1971) was an Italian opera singer who was primarily active in Germany during the first half of the 20th century.	Mafalda Salvatini	13 June 1971
date of death	József Jung, (1734, Jihlava, Margraviate of Moravia -- 22 August 1808, Pest) was a Hungarian architect.	József Jung	22 August 1808
date of death	Francis William Topham (Leeds 15 April 1808 -- 31 March 1877 Córdoba) was an English watercolourist and engraver.	Francis William Topham	31 March 1877
date of death	Kishore Pawar (c. 1926 -- 2 January 2013) was an Indian trade union leader and politician.	Kishore Pawar	2013
date of death	Dominick Labino (1910--1987) was an internationally known scientist, inventor, artist and master craftsman in glass.	Dominick Labino	1987
date of death	Joe Wark (9 October 1947 -- 1 October 2015) was a Scottish professional footballer who spent his entire professional career with Motherwell, making 464 appearances in the Scottish Football League.	Joe Wark	1 October 2015
date of death	Prahalad Chunnilal Vaidya (P.C.Vaidya; 23 May 1918 -- 12 March 2010), was an Indian physicist and mathematician, renowned for his instrumental work in general theory of relativity.	Prahalad Chunnilal Vaidya	12 March 2010
date of death	Sir Matthew John Tierney, Bart., M.D. (24 November 1776 -- 28 October 1845) was an Irish surgeon who became Physician-in-Ordinary to Kings George IV and William IV of the United Kingdom.	Matthew John Tierney	28 October 1845
date of death	Kurt Eberling, Sr. (17 June 1930 -- 6 March 2008) was a German-American chef and the inventor of SpaghettiOs.	Kurt Eberling, Sr.	6 March 2008
date of death	Sara Anne McLagan (c. 1856 -- 20 March 1924) was the first Canadian woman newspaper editor.	Sara Anne McLagan	20 March 1924
date of death	Pandit Raghunath Panigrahi (10 August 1932 -- 25 August 2013) was an Indian classical singer and music director.	Raghunath Panigrahi	25 August 2013
date of death	Mikko Ampuja (25 October 1882, Viipurin maalaiskunta - 15 September 1947) was a Finnish blacksmith and politician.	Mikko Ampuja	15 September 1947
date of death	Johann Baptist Singenberger (John Singenberger) (25 May 1848\ -- 29 May 1924) was a Swiss composer, music teacher, editor and publisher.	Johann Baptist Singenberger	29 May 1924
date of death	Karma Tensung (died 1611), in full Karma Tensung Wangpo (Wylie: Kar ma bstan srung dbang po), was a king of Tsang (West Central Tibet) who probably reigned from 1599 to 1611.	Karma Tensung	1611
date of death	Maksym Slavinsky (also as Slavynsky Ukrainian: Максим Антонович Славинський ;12 August 1868 in Stavyshche, Kiev Governorate - 23 November 1945 in Kiev) was a Ukrainian journalist, political and public figure, diplomat and statesman.	Maksym Slavinsky	23 November 1945
date of death	Bain Hugh Clapperton (18 May 1788 -- 13 April 1827) was a Scottish naval officer and explorer of West and Central Africa.	Hugh Clapperton	13 April 1827
date of death	Ashbel Green Simonton (January 20, 1833 -- December 9, 1867) was a North-American Presbyterian minister and missionary, the first missionary to settle a Protestant church in Brazil, Igreja Presbiteriana do Brasil (Presbyterian Church of Brazil)	Ashbel Green Simonton	1867
date of death	Sir John Wray, 2nd Baronet (27 November 1586 -- 31 December 1655) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1614 and 1648.	Sir John Wray, 2nd Baronet	31 December 1655
date of death	Shi Chaoyi (史朝義) (died 763) was the final emperor of the Yan state that was established in rebellion against the Chinese Tang Dynasty.	Shi Chaoyi	763
date of death	Felix of Bourges (died c. 580) was a bishop of Bourges who later became recognized as a saint.	Felix of Bourges	580
date of death	Da'ud Abu al-Fadl (1161--1242) was a Karaite Jewish physician who lived in Egypt in the twelfth century CE. He born at Cairo in 1161 and died there about 1242.	Da'ud Abu al-Fadl	1242
date of death	Ephraim Udall (died 1647) was an English Royalist divine.	Ephraim Udall	1647
date of death	Sutan Sjahrir (5 March 1909 -- 9 April 1966), an avant garde and idealistic Indonesian intellectual, was a revolutionary independence leader.	Sutan Sjahrir	9 April 1966
date of death	Harold Bennett (17 September 1899 -- 15 September 1981) was an English actor best remembered for having played 'Young Mr. Grace' in the 1970s British sitcom Are You Being Served?.	Harold Bennett	15 September 1981
date of death	Abdullahi Qarshe (Somali: Cabdullaahi Qarshe, Arabic: عبدالله قارشي‎) (1924--1994) was a Somali musician, poet and playwright known as the ``Father of Somali music''.	Abdullahi Qarshe	1994
date of death	SINGER XMAS - B MONO # 3 9-63 Don Janse died August 8, 1999.	Don Janse	1999
date of death	Johannes de Quadris (Quatris) (before 1410 -- 1457?) was an Italian composer of the early Renaissance.	Johannes de Quadris	1457
date of death	Sanda Min Hla (Burmese: စန္ဒာမင်းလှ, pronounced: (sàɴdà mɪ́ɴ l̥a̰); died c. 1363) was the queen consort of three kings of Hanthawaddy Kingdom, and the real palace power behind the throne.	Sanda Min Hla	1363
date of death	Seitzhan Omarov (1907 - 1985) was a Kazakh writer, the author of numerous short stories, sketches, fairy tales.	Seitzhan Omarov	1985
date of death	Patrick Musimu (12 October 1970 -- 21 July 2011) was a Belgian freediver, sport business manager, marketing and event manager, and physiotherapist.	Patrick Musimu	21 July 2011
date of death	Jørgen Boberg (2 October 1940 -- 24 August 2009) was a self-taught Surrealist Danish painter and illustrator.	Jørgen Boberg	24 August 2009
date of death	John Plessington (c. 1637 -- 19 July 1679), also known as John Plesington, William Scarisbrick and William Pleasington, was an English Catholic priest who was executed by the English Crown for violating the ban on the presence of Catholic priests in the kingdom.	John Plessington	19 July 1679
date of death	Basiliscus (Latin: Flavius Basiliscus Augustus; Greek: Βασιλίσκος) (d. 476/477) was Byzantine Emperor from 475 to 476.	Basiliscus	476
date of death	Sir Alexander Bryce, KCH (died 1832), was a major-general and colonel-commandant Royal Engineers.	Alexander Bryce	1832
date of death	Ghulam Mohammed Abdul Khader (died 1993) was the seventh prince of the House of Arcot.	Ghulam Mohammed Abdul Khader	1993
date of death	Thomas Joseph Banks (1828--1896), sometimes known as ``Thomas John Banks'', was a British portrait and landscape painter.	Thomas Joseph Banks	1896
date of death	István Oláh (16 December 1926 -- 15 December 1985) was a Hungarian military officer and politician, who served as Minister of Defence from 1984 until his death.	István Oláh	15 December 1985
date of death	Heinz Bosl (21 November 1946 -- 12 June 1975) was a German ballet dancer.	Heinz Bosl	12 June 1975
date of death	Josef Dörries (7 June 1923 -- 9 July 2007) was a highly decorated Unteroffizier in the Wehrmacht during World War II and a Stabsfeldwebel in the Bundeswehr.	Josef Dörries	9 July 2007
date of death	Ramón S. Sabat (born 1902, Cienfuegos-died 1986, Miami, Florida) was a musician and the Cuban founder of the pioneering record label Panart, which he established in 1944, eventually gaining international sale of its releases.	Ramón S. Sabat	1986
date of death	Laurentius Suslyga or Laurence Suslyga (Polish: Wawrzyniec Suslyga) (1570--1640), was a Polish Jesuit historian, chronologist, and an author of Baroque visual poetry.	Laurentius Suslyga	1640
date of death	Mai (c.1751-1780), mistakenly known as Omai in Britain, was a young Ra'iatean man who became the second Pacific Islander to visit Europe, after Ahu-toru who was brought to Paris by Bougainville in 1768.	Omai	1780
date of death	Yazdin (died 627) was a Iranian aristocrat, who served as the financial minister of the Sasanian king Khosrau II (r. 590-628).	Yazdin	627
date of death	James Leonard Plimpton (1828, Medfield, Massachusetts - 1911) was an American inventor who is known for changing the skating world with his patented roller skates in 1863.	James Leonard Plimpton	1911
date of death	Dwight Fiske (1892--1959) was an American nightclub entertainer and pianist noted for his saucy stories and risque recordings.	Dwight Fiske	1959
date of death	Ferenc Sas (16 August 1915 -- 3 September 1988), born as Ferenc Sohn, in Argentina known as Francisco ``Sas'' Sohn, was a Hungarian football player.	Ferenc Sas	3 September 1988
date of death	Oscar Fay Adams (1855-1919) was a United States editor and author.	Oscar Fay Adams	1919
date of death	James Wright Gordon (1809 -- December 1853), usually referred to as J. Wright Gordon, was a Whig politician from the U.S. state of Michigan.	James Wright Gordon	December 1853
date of death	M. Wylie Blanchet, née Muriel Wylie Liffiton (2 May 1891 -- 9 September 1961) was a Canadian travel writer.	M. Wylie Blanchet	9 September 1961
date of death	Vicente Quesada (1812-1877) was a Chilean lawyer and lawmaker.	Vicente Quesada	1877
date of death	Frederic, Count of Luna (Spanish: Fadrique; c. 1401 -- 29 May 1438), was a contender for the crown of Aragon.	Frederic, Count of Luna	29 May 1438
date of death	Walter Bayley (1529--1593), was an English physician.	Walter Bayley	1593
date of death	Laurence Chaderton (c. September 1536 -- 13 November 1640) was an English Puritan divine, and one of the translators of the King James Version of the Bible.	Laurence Chaderton	1640
date of death	Max Bartel (1879- 2 July 1914, Nürnberg) was a German entomologist Max Bartel was an insect dealer (Insektenhändler) in Berlin.	Max Bartel	2 July 1914
date of death	Richard de Bury (24 January 1287 -- 14 April 1345), also known as Richard Aungerville or Aungervyle, was an English priest, teacher, bishop, writer, and bibliophile.	Richard de Bury	14 April 1345
date of death	Madame Therese (floruit 1706-1729), was the professional name of a famous Dutch brothel keeper.	Madame Therese	1729
date of death	Hermann Weinsberg, also known as Hermann von Weinsberg (1518--1597) was a city councillor in Cologne and a diarist whose autobiographical writings, long obscure, are now considered to be of historical importance.	Hermann Weinsberg	1597
date of death	Lucy Barfield (2 November 1935 -- 3 May 2003) was the godchild of C.S. Lewis.	Lucy Barfield	3 May 2003
date of death	Georgius Pelino (fl. 1438--1463) was a Catholic priest, the abbot of Ratac Abbey and diplomat of Skanderbeg and Venetian Republic.	Georgius Pelino	1463
date of death	Gary Frisch (22 January 1969 -- 10 February 2007) was co-founder of the Gaydar website.	Gary Frisch	10 February 2007
date of death	Walter Russell Bowie (October 8, 1882 -- April 23, 1969), was a priest, author, editor, educator, hymn writer, and lecturer in the Episcopal Church.	Walter Russell Bowie	1969
date of death	Elijah ben Solomon Abraham ha-Kohen (died 1729) was dayyan of Smyrna, almoner and preacher.	Elijah ben Solomon Abraham ha-Kohen	1729
date of death	Wolraad Woltemade (c.1708 -- 1 June 1773) was a Cape Dutch dairy farmer, who died while rescuing sailors from the wreck of the ship De Jonge Thomas in Table Bay on 1 June 1773.	Wolraad Woltemade	1773
date of death	Mathai Manjooran ( 13 October 1912 -- 14 January 1970) was an Indian independence activist from Kerala, socialist revolutionary, Member of Parliament, Minister of Labour (economics) in the second E.M.S. Namboodiripad communist ministry, and above all a proponent for the formation of the Kerala State.	Mathai Manjooran	14 January 1970
date of death	Gustav Borgen (born 10 June 1865, died 16 August 1926) was a Norwegian photographer.	Gustav Borgen	16 August 1926
date of death	Juan Bautista Paz (1772--1844) was an Argentinian jurist and lawyer, a member of the National Congress of 1819 and the General Conference of 1824, and several times cabinet minister and deputy governor of Tucumán Province during the first half of the nineteenth century.	Juan Bautista Paz	1844
date of death	Desmond Dupré (19 December 1916, London -- 16 August 1974, Tonbridge, Kent) was an English lutenist and a prominent figure in the 20th century revival of early music.	Desmond Dupré	1974
date of death	Jean-Baptiste Capronnier (1 February 1814 -- 31 July 1891) was a Belgian stained glass painter.	Jean-Baptiste Capronnier	31 July 1891
date of death	Jeremias Drexel S.J. (also known as Hieremias Drexelius or Drechsel) (August 15, 1581 -- 19 April 1638) was a Jesuit writer of devotional literature and a professor of the humanities and rhetoric.	Jeremias Drexel	19 April 1638
date of death	Elisha Crymes (c 1614 - March 1690) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1646 and 1661.	Elisha Crymes	1690
date of death	Joseph P. Overton (4 January 1960 -- 30 June 2003) was a Senior Vice President of the Mackinac Center for Public Policy.	Joseph P. Overton	30 June 2003
date of death	John Sulyard (born by 1518-1575), of Wetherden, Suffolk, was an English politician.	John Sulyard	1575
date of death	Francesco Ghittoni (1855--1928) was an Italian painter, mainly of genre paintings of the life of rural workers, but also portraits, sacred subjects, and, late in life, landscapes.	Francesco Ghittoni	1928
date of death	Isaac Klein (September 5, 1905 -- 1979) was a prominent rabbi and halakhic authority within Conservative Judaism.	Isaac Klein	1979
date of death	Jane Lewson (née Vaughan) (1700-1816), commonly known as Lady Lewson, was an eccentric centenarian.	Jane Lewson	1816
date of death	William Seth Agar (25 December 1815 -- 23 August 1872) was an English Catholic canon.	William Seth Agar	23 August 1872
date of death	Khedrup Gelek Pelzang, 1st Panchen Lama (1385--1438 CE) -- better known as Khedrup Je -- was one of the main disciples of Je Tsongkhapa, whose reforms to the Kadam tradition of Atiśa are considered the beginnings of the Gelug school of Tibetan Buddhism.	Khedrup Gelek Pelzang, 1st Panchen Lama	1438
date of death	Eric Irvin (30 November 1908 -- 1 July 1993) was an Australian writer and historian of Australian theatre.	Eric Irvin	1 July 1993
date of death	Zachary Crofton (1626--1672) was an Anglo-Irish nonconforming minister and controversialist, in England from the 1640s.	Zachary Crofton	1672
date of death	Paul Behncke (13 August 1869 -- 4 January 1937) was a German admiral during the First World War, most notable for his command of the Third Battle Squadron of the German High Seas Fleet during the Battle of Jutland.	Paul Behncke	4 January 1937
date of death	Reverend Father Raoul Desribes (born in 1856, died in 1940) was a French Jesuit archaeologist notable for his work on prehistory in Lebanon, particularly the archaeological site of Minet Dalieh at Ras Beirut.	Raoul Desribes	1940
date of death	Shaul Amor (Hebrew: שאול עמור‎, 24 December 1940 -- 2 October 2004) was an Israeli politician who served as a Minister without Portfolio between January and July 1999.	Shaul Amor	2 October 2004
date of death	Roberto Parga (4 February 1937 -- 18 March 2015) was an Uruguayan judge who served on the Supreme Court from 2000 to 2007.	Roberto Parga	18 March 2015
date of death	Jimmy Holiday (24 July 1934, Sallis, Mississippi -- 15 February 1987) was an American R&B singer and songwriter.	Jimmy Holiday	15 February 1987
date of death	George Tunstal Redmayne, more usually G T Redmayne (1840 - 1912), was the youngest of four sons of Giles Redmayne and his wife, Margareta Robey.	George Tunstal Redmayne	1912
date of death	Sir Hugh Paterson, 2nd Baronet (circa 1685 -- 23 March 1777) was a Scottish Jacobite.	Sir Hugh Paterson, 2nd Baronet	23 March 1777
date of death	Pomponio Nenna (baptized 13 June 1556 -- 25 July 1608) was a Neapolitan Italian composer of the Renaissance.	Pomponio Nenna	25 July 1608
date of death	Étienne de La Grange (died 26 November 1388) was a French politician of the group of counselors of kings Charles V and Charles VI designated as the Marmousets by their detractors.	Étienne de La Grange	26 November 1388
date of death	Isabelle de Steiger, née Lace (28 February 1836 -- 1 January 1927), was an English painter, theosophist, occultist and writer.	Isabelle de Steiger	1 January 1927
date of death	Bernt Wilhelm Westermann (1781 in Copenhagen - 1868) was a wealthy Danish businessman who collected insects.	Bernt Wilhelm Westermann	1868
date of death	Richard Sanders Rogers (2 December 1861 - 28 March 1942) was a distinguished Australian medical doctor, and world authority on Australasian orchids.	Richard Sanders Rogers	28 March 1942
date of death	Jakob Erbar (8 February 1878 -- 7 January 1935) was a German professor of graphic design and a type designer.	Jakob Erbar	7 January 1935
date of death	Henri de Buade de Frontenac (1596--1622) was a French aristocrat during the age of Louis XIII of France, best known as the father of Louis de Buade de Frontenac, the future Lieutenant General of the colony of New France in North America.	Henri de Buade	1622
date of death	Jules de Clérambault (ca. 1660 -- August 17, 1714) was a French ecclesiastic and Abbot of Saint-Taurin d’Évreux.	Jules de Clérambault	1714
date of death	Alexander Jamieson (1782--1850) was a Scottish writer and schoolmaster of the early 19th century, now best known as a rhetorician.	Alexander Jamieson	1850
date of death	Eddie Thomson (25 February 1947 -- 21 February 2003) was a Scottish football (soccer) player and coach.	Eddie Thomson	21 February 2003
date of death	Lieutenant General Sir Joseph John Talbot Hobbs KCB, KCMG, VD (24 August 1864 -- 21 April 1938) was an Australian architect and First World War general.	Talbot Hobbs	21 April 1938
date of death	Ramai Dev (1360--1385) was a king of Patna (princely state) who laid the foundation of Chauhan rule in Western Odisha in the 14th century.	Ramai Dev	1385
date of death	Ozias Humphry (or Humphrey) (8 September 1742 -- 9 March 1810) was a leading English painter of portrait miniatures, later oils and pastels, of the 18th century.	Ozias Humphry	9 March 1810
date of death	Sextus Otto Lindberg (29 March 1835 -- 20 February 1889) was a Swedish physician and botanist, known as a bryologist.	Sextus Otto Lindberg	20 February 1889
date of death	Gerrit Jan Heijn (14 February 1931, Zaandam -- 9 September 1987) was a Dutch businessman, who was a top manager of Ahold until his death in 1987.	Gerrit Jan Heijn	9 September 1987
date of death	David Samwell (15 October 1751 -- 23 November 1798) was a Welsh naval surgeon and poet.	David Samwell	23 November 1798
date of death	Alfred Roller (2 October 1864 -- 21 June 1935) was an Austrian painter, graphic designer, and set designer.	Alfred Roller	21 June 1935
date of death	Arne Kokkvoll (1925 -- 19 September 1998) was a Norwegian historian, librarian/archivist and politician for the Labour Party.	Arne Kokkvoll	19 September 1998
date of death	Elaheh (Persian: الهه‎‎; born on 1934, died on 15 August 2007) was an Iranian singer.	Elaheh	15 August 2007
date of death	Brigadier Nelson Russell, CB, DSO, MC (b. 7 July 1897, Lisburn, Co. Antrim, Northern Ireland - d. 20 October 1971, Newcastle, County Down, Northern Ireland) was a British soldier who served in both World Wars.	Nelson Russell	20 October 1971
date of death	Robert Wornum died on 29 September 1852 after a short illness.	Robert Wornum	29 September 1852
date of death	Sir Christopher Nevile (ca. 1631 -- 18 November 1692), of Haddington, Aubourn, Lincolnshire, was an English Member of Parliament.	Christopher Nevile	18 November 1692
date of death	Ford Grey, 1st Earl of Tankerville (20 July 1655 -- 24 June 1701), 1st Viscount Glendale, and 3rd Baron Grey of Warke, was an English nobleman and statesman.	Ford Grey, 1st Earl of Tankerville	24 June 1701
date of death	Thomas Dover, M.D. (1660--1742), sometimes referred to as ``Doctor Quicksilver'', was an English physician.	Thomas Dover	1742
date of death	Georg Karl Maria Seidlitz (June 19, 1840, St. Petersburg -- 1917, Irschenhausen near Munich) was a German doctor and entomologist.	Georg Karl Maria Seidlitz	1917
date of death	Richard Edlin or Edlyn (1631--1677), was an English astrologer.	Richard Edlin	1677
date of death	Hermann Gunnarsson (9 December 1946 -- 4 June 2013) commonly referred to by his nickname, Hemmi Gunn, was an Icelandic television and radio personality, performer and former football and handball player at an international level.	Hermann Gunnarsson	4 June 2013
date of death	Charles Lucy (1814 -- 19 May 1873) was an English historical painter of the Victorian era.	Charles Lucy	1873
date of death	Vikramaditya Varaguna (885--925) was a king of Ay rulers in South India kerala.	Vikramaditya Varaguna	925
date of death	Sir James William Colvile (12 January 1810 -- 6 December 1880) was a British lawyer, civil servant and then judge in India, and a judge on the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council, the court of last resort for the British colonies.	James William Colvile	6 December 1880
date of death	Paolo Vergani (1753--1820) was an Italian Catholic political economist who wrote on the economy of the Papal States.	Paolo Vergani	1820
date of death	James Justinian Morier (1780 -- 19 March 1849) was a British diplomat and author noted for his novels about Qajar dynasty Iran, most famously for the Hajji Baba series.	James Justinian Morier	19 March 1849
date of death	Luman Reed (1787--1836) was a successful American merchant and an important patron of the arts.	Luman Reed	1836
date of death	Gopal Chandra Bhattacharya (1 August 1895 -- 8 April 1981) was an Indian entomologist and naturalist.	Gopal Chandra Bhattacharya	8 April 1981
date of death	Enoch Wood Perry, Jr. (1831--1915) was a painter from the United States.	Enoch Wood Perry, Jr.	1915
date of death	Bartholomeus Maton (1641 -- after 1684), was a Dutch Golden Age painter active in Sweden.	Bartholomeus Maton	1684
date of death	Colonel Claude Hugh Toye MBE (29 March 1917- 15 April 2012) was a British Army intelligence officer who worked in India and Burma during World War II. Working in the Combined Services Directorate of Intelligence, Toye was tasked with interrogation of captured troops of the Japanese army and the Indian National Army.	Hugh Toye	15 April 2012
date of death	Simeon Burt Wolbach (3 July 1880 -- 19 March 1954) was an American pathologist, researcher, teacher, and journal editor who elucidated the infection vectors for Rocky Mountain spotted fever and epidemic typhus.	Simeon Burt Wolbach	19 March 1954
date of death	Leo Picard, also known as Yehudah Leo Picard (Hebrew: יהודה ליאו פיקרד‎, 3 June 1900 -- 4 April 1997), was an Israeli geologist and an expert in the field of hydrogeology.	Leo Picard	4 April 1997
date of death	Eda Kersey (15 May or 16 May 1904 -- 13 July 1944) was a British violinist who was renowned for her brilliant playing.	Eda Kersey	1944
date of death	Kostas Karagiannis (Greek: Κώστας Καραγιάννης; 1932 -- 17 February 1993) was a Greek film director.	Kostas Karagiannis	17 February 1993
date of death	Léa Roback (3 November 1903 -- 28 August 2000) was a Canadian trade union organizer, social activist, pacifist, and feminist.	Léa Roback	28 August 2000
date of death	Teresa Deevy (21 January 1894 -- 19 January 1963) was a deaf Irish dramatist, short story writer, and writer for radio.	Teresa Deevy	January 1963
date of death	Joseph Tepper 1886-1977 was a Russian, Jewish, American portrait painter and artist.	Joseph Tepper	1977
date of death	Jan Grodek or Jan Grodek of Sanok ( - 1554), son of mayor of Sanok, was a nine-time rector of the Academy in Kraków, Poland between 1540 and 1552.	Jan Grodek	1554
date of death	Sir Leopold Halliday Savile, KCB, MICE (31 August 1870--1953) was a British civil engineer.	Leopold Halliday Savile	1953
date of death	Herbert Hannam (died 1983) was a British policeman within the Metropolitan Police Service.	Herbert Hannam	1983
date of death	Thomas Gapes (1848 -- 16 April 1913) was Mayor of Christchurch 1893/94.	Thomas Gapes	16 April 1913
date of death	Rolf Kirkvaag (20 September 1920 -- 24 January 2003) was a Norwegian journalist, and a radio- and TV personality.	Rolf Kirkvaag	24 January 2003
date of death	Sir Edward Hannes M.D. (died 1710) was an English physician.	Edward Hannes	1710
date of death	Harry Ralph (21 May 1919 -- 17 July 2004) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Essendon in the Victorian Football League (VFL) and in the South Australian National Football League (SANFL).	Harry Ralph	17 July 2004
date of death	'Umar ibn Hafs Hazarmard (Arabic: عمر بن حفص هزارمرد‎) (d. November 27, 771) was a member of the Muhallabid family who served as a provincial governor for the Abbasid Caliphate during the reigns of Abu al-'Abbas (r. 749--754) al-Mansur (r. 754--775).	Umar ibn Hafs Hazarmard	771
date of death	Syed Waheed Akhtar (Urdu: سید وحید اختر ‎) (12 August 1934 in Aurangabad (Deccan) -- 13 December 1996) was an Urdu poet, writer, critic, orator, and a Muslim scholar and philosopher.	Waheed Akhtar	13 December 1996
date of death	Henry O'Brien, 5th Earl of Thomond (1588 -- 26 July 1639) was an Irish peer, styled Lord Ibrickane until 1624.	Henry O'Brien, 5th Earl of Thomond	26 July 1639
date of death	Nikephoros I Komnenos Doukas, Latinized as Nicephorus I Comnenus Ducas (Greek: Νικηφόρος Α΄ Κομνηνός Δούκας, Nikēphoros I Komnēnos Doukas), (c. 1240 -- c. 1297) was ruler of Epirus from 1267/8 to c. 1297.	Nikephoros I Komnenos Doukas	1297
date of death	John Brinsley the Elder (fl. 1581--1624) was an English schoolmaster, known for his educational works.	John Brinsley the Elder	1624
date of death	Omar Shegewi or Sheghewi (Arabic: عمر الشغيوي‎) (unknown-1928) was a Libyan resistance leader who fought against Italian colonization.	Omar Shegewi	1928
date of death	Kazimierz Barcikowski (Polish pronunciation: (kaˈʑimjɛʂ bart͡ɕiˈkɔfskʲi); 22 March 1927, Zglechów - 10 July 2007, Warsaw) was a Polish politician.	Kazimierz Barcikowski	10 July 2007
date of death	Peter Kruse (30 January 1955 -- 1 June 2015) was honorary professor of organizational psychology at the University of Bremen and professional consultant for collective intelligence.	Peter Kruse	1 June 2015
date of death	Dick Crayne (April 24, 1913 -- August, 1985) was an American football fullback for the Brooklyn Dodgers.	Dick Crayne	August, 1985
date of death	Jack Garden (3 March 1895 -- 1 December 1955) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Essendon in the VFL.	Jack Garden	1 December 1955
date of death	Karl Woermann (4 July 1844 -- 4 February 1933) was a German art historian and museum director.	Karl Woermann	4 February 1933
date of death	Carl Johan Schönherr (10 June 1772 -- 28 March 1848) was a Swedish entomologist who revised the taxonomy of beetles, including weevils.	Carl Johan Schönherr	28 March 1848
date of death	Morton Lowry, born Edward Morton Lowater (13 February 1914 -- 26 November 1987) was a British actor.	Morton Lowry	26 November 1987
date of death	Floyd Johnson (7 July 1900, Des Moines, Idaho -- 1 June 1986), nicknamed ``The Auburn Bulldog'', was an American heavyweight boxer who was known for his stiff punch.	Floyd Johnson	1 June 1986
date of death	Cecylia Vetulani (11 April 1908 -- 2 January 1980) was a Polish art historian and conservator-restorer who did research mostly in the field of Warmia and Masuria folk art. Custodian of the Museum of Warmia and Mazury in Olsztyn (1950--1956).	Cecylia Vetulani	2 January 1980
date of death	Rostislav Mikhailovich (Hungarian: Rosztyiszláv, Bulgarian, Russian and Ukrainian: Ростислав Михайлович) (after 1210 / c. 1225 -- 1262) was a Rus' prince (a member of the Rurik dynasty), and a dignitary in the Kingdom of Hungary.	Rostislav Mikhailovich	1262
date of death	Dr. Mihály Dömötör (1 October 1875, Bíňovce -- 2 February 1962) was a Hungarian politician, who served as Interior Minister for three months in 1920.	Mihály Dömötör	2 February 1962
date of death	Oskar Alexander Richard Büttner (28 September 1858 - 1927) was a German botanist and mineralogist involved in the exploration of the Congo.	Richard Büttner	1927
date of death	Idris Gawr (English: Idris the Giant; c. 560 -- 632) was a king of Meirionnydd in early medieval Wales.	Idris Gawr	632
date of death	Bertha Mahony (1882--1969), also known as Bertha Mahony Miller, is considered a figurehead of the children's literature movement.	Bertha Mahony	1969
date of death	Mabel Murray Hickson, née Mabel Greenhow (2 February 1859, Esher -- 12 November 1922 Esher), was an English writer of short stories.	Mabel Murray Hickson	12 November 1922
date of death	Sir William Keith, 4th Baronet, (1669 -- 18 November 1749) served as lieutenant-governor of the Colonies of Pennsylvania and Delaware, 1717--26.	Sir William Keith, 4th Baronet	18 November 1749
date of death	Sir Thomas Wolryche, 1st Baronet (1598--1668) was an English landowner and politician who sat in the House of Commons for Wenlock between 1621 and 1625.	Sir Thomas Wolryche, 1st Baronet	1668
date of death	Ailsa Garland (1917--1982) was a British fashion journalist.	Ailsa Garland	1982
date of death	Sir William Robert Grove, PC, QC, FRS (11 July 1811 -- 1 August 1896) was a Welsh judge and physical scientist.	William Robert Grove	1 August 1896
date of death	Verna Fields (née Hellman, 21 March 1918 -- 30 November 1982) was an American film editor, film and television sound editor, educator, and entertainment industry executive.	Verna Fields	30 November 1982
date of death	Howard Hawks Mitchell (January 13, 1885, Marietta, Ohio -- 1943) was an American mathematician who worked on group theory and number theory and who introduced Mitchell's group.	Howard Hawks Mitchell	1943
date of death	Samuel Lorenzo Knapp (born in Newburyport, Massachusetts, 19 January 1783; died in Hopkinton, Massachusetts, 8 July 1838) was a United States author and lawyer.	Samuel Lorenzo Knapp	8 July 1838
date of death	Paltiel Daykan (Hebrew: פלטיאל דייקן; (born 12 May 1885; died 12 February 1969) was an Israeli jurist.	Paltiel Daykan	12 February 1969
date of death	Don L. Johnson (1927--2006) was an outdoor writer from Wisconsin.	Don L. Johnson	2006
date of death	William Stryker Gummere (/ɡʌˈmɛr/; 1852--1933) was Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of New Jersey.	William Stryker Gummere	1933
date of death	Pagano della Torre (died July 30, 1365) was Patriarch of Aquileia from 1319 until 1332.	Pagano della Torre	1332
date of death	Maurice Mariaud ( 1875--1958) was a French silent film director, actor and screenwriter.	Maurice Mariaud	1958
date of death	George Edward Briggs FRS (25 June 1893 -- 7 February 1985) was Professor of Botany at the University of Cambridge.	George Edward Briggs	7 February 1985
date of death	Sola i Karlstad (the Sun in Karlstad) was the nickname for Eva Lisa Holtz (1 January 1739 i Karlstad -- 24 September 1818), a Swedish waitress and innkeeper who became the symbol for the Swedish city of Karlstad.	Sola i Karlstad	24 September 1818
date of death	Anthonie de Lorme, also Anthonius de Lorme, Anthonie Delorme, Anthonius Delorme, Anthonie de l'Orme, Anthonie del Orme, Anthonius de l'Orme, Anthonius del Orme, (1610--1673) was a Dutch painter.	Anthonie de Lorme	1673
date of death	Amasa Wright (1787--1861) originally owned the land under the Chicago loop.	Amasa Wright	1861
date of death	Ding Yuan (died 189), courtesy name Jianyang, was a regional governor and minor warlord during the late Han Dynasty period of Chinese history.	Ding Yuan	189
date of death	Maharaja Sir Rajendra Narayan Singh Deo KCIE (31 March 1912 -- 23 February 1975) was an Indian politician and the last ruler of the princely state of Patna in Odisha before Indian independence in 1947.	Rajendra Narayan Singh Deo	23 February 1975
date of death	Stan Laurel (born Arthur Stanley Jefferson; 16 June 1890 -- 23 February 1965) was an English comic actor, writer and film director, most famous for his role in the comedy duo Laurel and Hardy.	Stan Laurel	23 February 1965
date of death	General Sir Henry Errington Longden KCB, CIE (January 1819 -- 29 January 1890) was a British Army officer who served as Adjutant-General in India.	Henry Errington Longden	1890
date of death	Ivan Owen (19 August 1927 -- 17 October 2000) was a British voice actor, who created the vocal persona of the puppet Basil Brush.	Ivan Owen	17 October 2000
date of death	General Michel Laurent Marie Joseph Lafont (1874--1961) was the third Chief Scout of Scouts de France from 1936 to 1948, the first and only Chief Scout of Scoutisme Français from 1940 to 1948, and member of the International Committee of the World Organization of the Scout Movement (WOSM).	Joseph Lafont	1961
date of death	John Maxim (20 July 1925 -- 20 January 1990), sometimes credited as John Wills, was an English film and television actor.	John Maxim	20 January 1990
date of death	Sir John Davie, 1st Baronet (1588--1654) of Creedy in the parish of Sandford, near Crediton, Devon, was a member of the Devonshire gentry and served as Member of Parliament for Tiverton in 1621-2 and as Sheriff of Devon (1629-1630).	Sir John Davie, 1st Baronet	1654
date of death	Very Rev. Lord Charles Murray-Aynsley (21 October 1771 -- 5 May 1808) was an English dean.	Lord Charles Murray-Aynsley	5 May 1808
date of death	Pino Daniele (19 March 1955 -- 4 January 2015) was an Italian singer-songwriter, and guitarist, whose influences covered a wide number of genres, including pop, blues, jazz, and Italian and Middle Eastern music.	Pino Daniele	4 January 2015
date of death	(Mary Sophia) Charlotte Howe, Viscountess Howe (23 September 1703 -- 13 June 1782) was a British courtier and politician.	Charlotte Howe, Viscountess Howe	13 June 1782
date of death	Samuel Maunder (1785-1849) was an English writer and composer of many works.	Samuel Maunder	1849
date of death	Josef Monsrud (29 May 1922, Lunner, Oppland -- 12 December 2009) was a Norwegian forester and resistance member during World War II. He hailed from Harestua in Lunner.	Josef Monsrud	12 December 2009
date of death	Bernard Connor or O'Connor M.D. (c.1666--1698) was an Irish physician and historian.	Bernard Connor	1698
date of death	Shen Zigao (Chinese: 沈子高; Wade--Giles: Shen Tzu-kao; 1895--1982), DD, was an Anglican bishop in China.	Shen Zigao	1982
date of death	John Neilson Lake (19 August 1834, Ernestown, Ontario, Canada -- 12 February 1925) was originally a preacher for the Methodist Church in Canada and eventually selected the site that became the city of Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, Canada.	John Neilson Lake	12 February 1925
date of death	Mohammad Abdul Ahed (1919 -- November 2001) was an architect and painter from Pakistan.	Mohammad Abdul Ahed	November 2001
date of death	Ali Nurullah Hasan (1867 or 1870 in Bıyıklı village near Şumnu, Danube Vilayet - 1912 in İstanbul) was a Turkish wrestler.	Nurullah Hasan	1912
date of death	Dirk Hannema (16 September 1895 - 7 July 1984) was a controversial museum director and art collector.	Dirk Hannema	7 July 1984
date of death	Prof. Dr. Carlos Trincão (30 May 1903 -- 1968) was a Portuguese philatelist who signed the Roll of Distinguished Philatelists in 1953.	Carlos Trincão	1968
date of death	Sir Richard Reynell, 2nd Baronet (1673--1723) was an Anglo-Irish politician and landowner who sat in the Irish House of Commons as member for Wicklow.	Sir Richard Reynell, 2nd Baronet	1723
date of death	Dervish Bejah Baloch (c. 1862 -- 1957), also known as Bejah Dervish, was an Australian camel driver who had a significant role in the exploration and development of inland Australia.	Dervish Bejah	1957
date of death	Jef Dutilleux (1876-1960) was a Belgian painter, mainly active in the first half of the 20th century.	Jef Dutilleux	1960
date of death	Hans Strøm (25 January 1726 -- 1 February 1797) was a prominent Norwegian zoologist and naturalist.	Hans Strøm	1 February 1797
date of death	Gaetano Mormile (Naples, 1839-1890) was an Italian painter, mainly of genre subjects, often peasants in folkloric dress, but also vedute and Neo-Pompeian subjects.	Gaetano Mormile	1890
date of death	Anatoli Ivanovich Bogdanov (Russian: Анатолий Иванович Богданов; 1 January 1931 -- 30 September 2001) was a former Soviet sport shooter and Olympic champion.	Anatoli Ivanovich Bogdanov	30 September 2001
date of death	Lianella Carell (6 May 1927 -- 22 December 2000) was an Italian film actress and screenwriter.	Lianella Carell	22 December 2000
date of death	Diouldé Laya (aka Juulde Layya; 1937 - 27 July 2014) was a noted Nigerien sociologist and from 1977 to 1997 was director of the Centre d'Etudes Linguistiques et Historiques par Tradition Orale (CELHTO) in Niamey.	Diouldé Laya	27 July 2014
date of death	Nassib Lahoud (23 November 1944 -- 1 February 2012) was a Lebanese-Christian political figure.	Nassib Lahoud	1 February 2012
date of death	Guy Krohg (27 July 1917 -- 19 October 2002) was a Norwegian painter, illustrator and scenographer.	Guy Krohg	2002
date of death	John Yasutaro Naide D.D. (December 22, 1866 -- 1945) was an Anglican Bishop of the Diocese of Osaka, in the Nippon Sei Ko Kai, the Province of the Anglican Communion in Japan.	John Yasutaro Naide	1945
date of death	Dmytro Dedko (Demetrius Dedko, Ukrainian: Дмитро Дедько) was a Lord of Ruthenia in 1340 (1323) -- 1349.	Dmytro Dedko	1349
date of death	Fritz Wächtler (7 January 1891 - 19 April 1945) was a Nazi German politician and Gauleiter of the eastern Bavarian administrative region of Gau Bayreuth.	Fritz Wächtler	19 April 1945
date of death	Michael Rowntree (16 February 1919 -- 23 September 2007) was a British journalist and social campaigner.	Michael Rowntree	23 September 2007
date of death	Ralph de Cromwell, 3rd Baron Cromwell (c. 1393 -- 4 January 1456) was an English politician and diplomat.	Ralph de Cromwell, 3rd Baron Cromwell	4 January 1456
date of death	Jean de Montereul (c. 1614, Paris -- 27 April 1651, Paris) was a French ecclesiastic and diplomat.	Jean de Montereul	27 April 1651
date of death	Cliff Twemlow (14 October 1937 -- 5 May 1993) was an English actor, nightclub bouncer, horror paperback author and library music composer.	Cliff Twemlow	5 May 1993
date of death	Brinsley Butler, 2nd Earl of Lanesborough, PC (Ire) (4 March 1728 -- 24 January 1779), styled The Honourable until 1756 and Lord Newtown-Butler from 1756 to 1768, was an Irish politician and peer.	Brinsley Butler, 2nd Earl of Lanesborough	24 January 1779
date of death	Raymond McGrath (7 March 1903 -- 23 December 1977) was an Australian-born architect and interior designer who for the greater part of his career was Principal Architect for the Office of Public Works in Ireland.	Raymond McGrath	23 December 1977
date of death	Gourgen ``Guros'' Paronyan (Armenian: Գուրգեն Գևորգի ``Գուրոս'' Պարոնյան-Հովսեփյան; 1905--1981) is an Armenian painter, Honoured Artist of the Armenian SSR, Member of Armenian Artists' Union	Guros	1981
date of death	Maria Vicol (née Taitiș, 17 October 1935 -- 13 March 2015) was a Romanian foil fencer, Olympic bronze medalist in 1960 and an Olympic team bronze medalist in 1968.	Maria Vicol	13 March 2015
date of death	Ramón Tamayo (1921--2008) was a Spanish producer, businessman and impresario.	Ramón Tamayo	2008
date of death	Francis Herring M.D. (died 1628) was an English physician, known as a medical and religious writer.	Francis Herring	1628
date of death	Henry Bamford Parkes (13 November 1904 -- 7 January 1972) was an author and professor of history at New York University.	Henry Bamford Parkes	7 January 1972
date of death	Anna Smitshuizen (February 1751, Alkmaar -- 29 June 1775, Amsterdam), was a Dutch prostitute and the victim of a cause célèbre murder.	Anna Smitshuizen	29 June 1775
date of death	Lester Gaba (1907 -- 12 August 1987) was an American sculptor, writer and retail display designer.	Lester Gaba	12 August 1987
date of death	Biyu of Baekje (died 455, r. 427--455) was the twentieth king of Baekje, one of the Three Kingdoms of Korea.	Biyu of Baekje	455
date of death	Benjamin Minge Duggar (1872--1956) was an American plant physiologist.	Benjamin Minge Duggar	1956
date of death	Asin of Baekje (died 405) (r. 392--405) was the seventeenth king of Baekje, one of the Three Kingdoms of Korea.	Asin of Baekje	405
date of death	Vice Admiral Sir Horatio Thomas Austin (1801 -- 16 November 1865) was a British officer in the Royal Navy, and an explorer.	Horatio Thomas Austin	16 November 1865
date of death	Lieutenant General Habibullah Khan Khattak also known as Muhammad Habibullah Khan (October 17, 1913 -- 1994) was a Pakistani Army officer born in Karak, Khyber Pakhtoonkhwa, Pakistan.	Habibullah Khan Khattak	1994
date of death	Frederick Tisdall (1893--1949) was one of three Canadian pediatricians who developed the infant cereal Pablum.	Frederick Tisdall	1949
date of death	Clare Boylan (21 April 1948 -- 16 May 2006) was an Irish author, journalist and critic for newspapers, magazines and many international broadcast media.	Clare Boylan	16 May 2006
date of death	On 14 November 1942 Konstantin Zaslonov died a hero's death in a battle with a German death squad near Kupovat, Senno Raion, Vitebsk Oblast, Belorussian SSR.	Konstantin Zaslonov	14 November 1942
date of death	Kim Ho Jik (16 April 1905 -- 31 August 1959) was the first Korean convert to The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) and was a key figure in opening South Korea to missionary work of the LDS Church.	Kim Ho Jik	31 August 1959
date of death	Inés Rodríguez Girón (died in 1265) was infanta of the Kingdom of Castile as the second wife of Infante Philip of Castile.	Inés Rodríguez Girón	1265
date of death	Jan Christiaan Lindeman (26 June 1921 -- 18 July 2007) was a Dutch botanist specialized in the Flora of Suriname.	Jan Christiaan Lindeman	18 July 2007
date of death	Deli Emir Ahmed Agha (Turkish: Deli Emir Ahmed Ağa, ``Emir Ahmed Agha the Mad''; died November 1753), later known as Seyyid Emir Ahmed Pasha, was an Ottoman statesman and military leader.	Deli Emir Ahmed Agha	November 1753
date of death	Catherine Arnauld (1590--1651) was a French religious figure of the 17th century, belonging to the Arnauld family of Jansenists.	Catherine Arnauld	1651
date of death	James Rees (1802, Norristown, Pennsylvania -- 1885) was an American author, playwright, and editor.	James Rees	1885
date of death	Richard Óg de Burgh, 2nd Earl of Ulster and 3rd Baron of Connaught (1259 -- 29 July 1326), called The Red Earl and often named as Richard de Burgo, was one of the most powerful Irish nobles of the late 13th and early 14th centuries.	Richard Óg de Burgh, 2nd Earl of Ulster	29 July 1326
date of death	David Sherman Boardman (8 December 1768 -- 2 December 1864) was an American lawyer, judge, and state assemblyman in the early United States.	David Sherman Boardman	2 December 1864
date of death	King Sagato Alofi was the Tu'i Agaifo 1997-2002.	Sagato Alofi	2002
date of death	Sir George Lauder of the Bass, Knight (died 27 June 1611, on the Bass Rock), was a cleric, Privy Counsellor, and Member of the Scottish Parliament.	George Lauder of the Bass	27 June 1611
date of death	Meade McClanahan (1894?--1959) was an industrial engineer and businessman who was elected to the Los Angeles City Council in 1945 but was ousted by voters in 1946 based upon his support for controversial preacher and political organizer Gerald L.K. Smith.	Meade McClanahan	1959
date of death	James Catanach (28 November 1921 -- 29 March 1944), known as ``Jim'' or Jimmy, was an Australian Handley Page Hampden bomber pilot who was taken prisoner during the Second World War.	James Catanach	29 March 1944
date of death	Sir Francis Lycett (1803 - 29 October 1880) was a British businessman and philanthropist, and a prominent member of the Methodist Church.	Francis Lycett	29 October 1880
date of death	Olaf Krohn (4 June 1863 -- 18 June 1933) was a Norwegian satirical illustrator, educated as painter.	Olaf Krohn	1933
date of death	Oliver Cope (1902 - 30 April 1994), was an American surgeon known for his work in parathyroid surgery, burns treatment and breast cancer treatment.	Oliver Cope	30 April 1994
date of death	The Reverend John Smithies (1802--1872) was a Wesleyan Methodist missionary who served in Newfoundland, the Swan River Colony of Western Australia, and Tasmania.	John Smithies	1872
date of death	Henrik Kalocsai (pronounced: xenrik kalochaee) 28 November 1940 -- 22 May 2012) was a Hungarian athlete who specialized in the triple jump and long jump.	Henrik Kalocsai	22 May 2012
date of death	Albert T. Morgan (died 15 April 1922) was a Civil War soldier and Reconstruction-era Radical Republican senator of the Mississippi legislature.	Albert T. Morgan	15 April 1922
date of death	Balakrishnabuwa Ichalkaranjikar (1849--1926) was an Indian vocalist of Khayal-genre of Hindustani classical music.	Balakrishnabuwa Ichalkaranjikar	1926
date of death	Hugo Rasmussen (22 March 1941 -- 30 August 2015) was a Danish bassist.	Hugo Rasmussen	30 August 2015
date of death	Vice Admiral Arthur Kemmis Betty DSO (1877 -- 1961) was a senior Royal Navy officer.	Arthur Kemmis Betty	1961
date of death	Adolf Pansch (2 March 1841, Eutin -- 14 August 1887) was a German anatomist and naturalist.	Adolf Pansch	14 August 1887
date of death	Henry Ibbotson (1816? -- 12 February 1886 in York), was an English botanist.	Henry Ibbotson	1886
date of death	James Robin (pronounced ROE-bin) (14 November 1817 -- 23 July 1894) was a prominent businessman in the early days of South Australia.	James Robin	23 July 1894
date of death	William Vorilong, also known as Guillermus Vorrilong, Willem of Verolon, William of Vaurouillon, Guilelmus de Valle Rouillonis, etc. (ca. 1390 - 1463) was a French philosopher and theologian.	William Vorilong	1463
date of death	Peter Sterry (1613--1672) was an English independent theologian, associated with the Cambridge Platonists prominent during the English Civil War era.	Peter Sterry	1672
date of death	Tahawar Ali (died 1854) was a noble man in the court of Bhonsle Dynasty at Nagpur.	Tahawar Ali	1854
date of death	Jasper Heywood (1535 -- 9 January 1598) was an English Jesuit priest.	Jasper Heywood	9 January 1598
date of death	Frances Williams (1904 -- 1978) was a composer and conductor, particularly known for her choral works.	Frances Williams	1978
date of death	Granville Leveson-Gower, 1st Marquess of Stafford PC (4 August 1721 -- 26 October 1803), known as Viscount Trentham from 1746 to 1754 and as The Earl Gower from 1754 to 1786, was a British politician from the Leveson-Gower family.	Granville Leveson-Gower, 1st Marquess of Stafford	26 October 1803
date of death	John Bruce Norton (8 July 1815 -- 13 July 1883) was a British lawyer and educationist who served as the Advocate-General of Madras Presidency.	John Bruce Norton	13 July 1883
date of death	James Brougham (16 January 1780 -- 22 December 1833) was a British Whig politician.	James Brougham	22 December 1833
date of death	Frederic James (1915--1985) was an American painter who specialized in watercolors.	Frederic James	1985
date of death	Walter of Saint Omer (French: Gautier de Saint-Omer; d 1174), also known as Walter of Fauquembergues or Walter of Tiberias, was the son of William II of Saint Omer and Melisinde of Picquigny, and Prince of Galilee and Tiberias.	Walter of Saint Omer	1174
date of death	Richmond William Hullett (15 November 1843 - 1914) was an English 19th century headmaster, explorer and plant collector.	Richmond William Hullett	1914
date of death	Sir Edward Dering, 1st Baronet (1598--1644) was an English antiquary and politician.	Sir Edward Dering, 1st Baronet	1644
date of death	Robert Catesby (b. in or after 1572 -- 8 November 1605) was the leader of a group of provincial English Catholics who planned the failed Gunpowder Plot of 1605.	Robert Catesby	8 November 1605
date of death	Karl Johannes Eskelund (1918 - 1972) was a Danish journalist and best-selling author who wrote primarily in English.	Karl Johannes Eskelund	1972
date of death	Sir Edward Cust, 1st Baronet, KCH (17 March 1794 -- 14 January 1878) was a British soldier, politician and courtier.	Edward Cust	14 January 1878
date of death	Nicholas Trott (19 January 1663 -- 21 January 1740) was an 18th-century British judge, legal scholar and writer.	Nicholas Trott	21 January 1740
date of death	Maria Ersdotter (1685 -- 19 July 1721) was a Swedish woman executed for incest after having a child with her former stepson.	Maria Ersdotter	19 July 1721
date of death	Matthias Hafenreffer (24 June 1561 -- 22 October 1619) was a German orthodox Lutheran theologian in the Lutheran scholastic tradition.	Matthias Hafenreffer	22 October 1619
date of death	Remo Germani, stage name of Remo Speroni (31 May 1938 -- 18 October 2010) was an Italian singer and occasional actor, mainly successful in the 1960s.	Remo Germani	18 October 2010
date of death	Florence Gill (born 27 July 1877 - 19 February 1965) was an English voice actress.	Florence Gill	19 February 1965
date of death	Joseph Finger (1887--1953) was an Austrian-born architect most active in Texas in the 1930s and 1940s, responsible for a number of Houston Art Deco landmarks.	Joseph Finger	1953
date of death	Admiral Farajollah Rasai (Persian: فرج‌الله رسائی‎‎, 1910-2002) was the Commander of the Imperial Iranian Navy from 1961 to 1972 and the most Senior Naval Commander of the Iranian Navy.	Farajollah Rasai	2002
date of death	Lawrence V. Redman (September 1, 1880--November 26, 1946), was a Canadian chemist and businessman who spent much of his adult life in the United States.	Lawrence V. Redman	1946
date of death	Martin O'Reilly (1829--1904) was a blind Irish piper.	Martin O'Reilly	1904
date of death	Captain Sue S. Dauser died on 11 March 1972.	Sue S. Dauser	11 March 1972
date of death	Francis Russell, 2nd Earl of Bedford, KG (c. 1527 -- 28 July 1585) was an English nobleman, soldier and politician and godfather to Francis Drake.	Francis Russell, 2nd Earl of Bedford	28 July 1585
date of death	Kjeld Petersen (1 July 1920 -- 24 May 1962) was a Danish film and stage actor.	Kjeld Petersen	24 May 1962
date of death	Sir Derek Wanless (29 September 1947 -- 22 May 2012) was a former English banker and a former adviser to the Labour Party.	Derek Wanless	22 May 2012
date of death	Johann Moriaen (born Nuremberg c.1591-1668) was a German alchemist and early chemist, known as an associate of Samuel Hartlib.	Johann Moriaen	1668
date of death	Peter Edmund Jones M.D. (30 October 1843 - 29 June 1909) was a Mississauga Ojibwa chief of New Credit.	Peter Edmund Jones	29 June 1909
date of death	John de Hotham (or Hodum; died 1361) was an English medieval college head and university chancellor.	John de Hotham	1361
date of death	Benjamin Griggs (1690 -- 1768) was one of the earliest European settlers of the area that would later be known as Griggstown in Franklin Township, Somerset County, New Jersey, United States.	Benjamin Griggs	1768
date of death	Robert Sharples (2 July 1913 -- 8 September 1987) was a British musical conductor, composer and bandleader, whose work encompassed films and well-known British television programmes in the 1960s and 1970s.	Robert Sharples	8 September 1987
date of death	Captain Laurent Touyeras (10 November 1910 in Sainte-Sigolène, Haute-Loire -- 14 August 1980 in Tarbes, Hautes-Pyrénées) was a French artillery captain in the Maginot Line during the Second World War.	Laurent Touyeras	14 August 1980
date of death	Francis Rombouts (22 June 1631 -- 1691) was the 12th Mayor of New York City, (formerly New Amsterdam), from 1679 to 1680.	Francis Rombouts	1691
date of death	Ezzatollah Sahabi (9 May 1930 -- 31 May 2011) was an Iranian scholar, humanitarian, democracy activist, politician and former parliament member.	Ezzatollah Sahabi	31 May 2011
date of death	Xu Yixin (Chinese: 徐以新) (November 14, 1911 -- December 30, 1994) was an associate of the 28 Bolsheviks.	Xu Yixin	1994
date of death	Richard Thomas Baker (1 December 1854 -- 14 July 1941) was an Australian economic botanist, museum curator and educator.	Richard Thomas Baker	14 July 1941
date of death	Johan Frans Podolyn or Johann Franz Podolyn (Lisbon 29 May 1739 - Gothenburg 29 May 1784) was a Swedish numismatist who published on Punic currency in his possession which had been found on the island of Corvo in the Azores.	Johan Frans Podolyn	29 May 1784
date of death	Maldras (or Masdras) (died February 460) was the Suevic King of Galicia from 456 until his death.	Maldras	February 460
date of death	Joe Beeston (23 February 1947 -- 25 February 2008) was the CEO of Highland Spring.	Joe Beeston	25 February 2008
date of death	Andrew of Rhodes (Andrew of Colossus; died 1440) was a Greek Dominican theologian.	Andrew of Rhodes	1440
date of death	Agostino Dati, also known as Augustinus Datus or Dathus (1420 -- 6 April 1478) was a fifteenth-century orator, historian and philosopher best known for his grammatical textbook Elegantiolae.	Agostino Dati	6 April 1478
date of death	Zong Bing (Chinese: 宗炳; Wade--Giles: Tsung Ping, 375-444, style name Shaowen 少文) was a Chinese artist and musician who wrote the earliest text on landscape painting.	Zong Bing	444
date of death	Kiya Afrasiyab (Persian: کیا افراسیاب‎), was the founder of the Afrasiyab dynasty, ruling from 1349 to 1359.	Kiya Afrasiyab	1359
date of death	Humbert Pugliese (1884--1955) was an Australian film exhibitor and producer.	Humbert Pugliese	1955
date of death	Lyubov Zakharchenko (Russian: Захарченко, Любовь Ивановна), (4 April 1961, Rostov-on-Don - 21 January 2008, Moscow) was a Russian poet and singer-songwriter.	Lyubov Zakharchenko	21 January 2008
date of death	Giulio Segni da Modena, also Julio Segni (Modena, 1498- Rome, 1561) was an Italian composer known for his ricercars in Musica Nova (Venice 1540).	Giulio Segni	1561
date of death	Ludovico Buti (c. 1560 - after 1611) was an Italian painter, active mostly in Florence.	Ludovico Buti	1611
date of death	Joe Lovett (18 October 1902 -- 26 May 1949) was an Australian rules footballer who played with North Melbourne and Essendon in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Joe Lovett	26 May 1949
date of death	Robert Erwin Johnson (3 February 1923 -- 28 January 2008) was a University of Alabama professor of history and considered ``one of the finest scholars of the nineteenth century U.S. Navy and U.S. Coast Guard''.	Robert Erwin Johnson	28 January 2008
date of death	James Dillon, 1st Earl of Roscommon (died March 1642) was an Irish peer.	James Dillon, 1st Earl of Roscommon	March 1642
date of death	María Francisca Ana de Castro, called La bella toledana (ca.1686 -- December 23, 1736) was a Spanish immigrant to Peru, renowned for her beauty and hauteur.	Ana de Castro	1736
date of death	Julie Alexander (9 May 1938--31 January 2003) (born as Julia Yvonne Alexander) was a British model and actress of the late 1950s and early 1960s known for playing glamorous roles including Rosalie Dawn in The Pure Hell of St Trinian's.	Julie Alexander	2003
date of death	George Linley (1798-10 September 1865), was an English verse-writer and musical composer.	George Linley	10 September 1865
date of death	Arthur Robbins (4 February 1920 -- 8 November 2010) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Collingwood in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Arthur Robbins	8 November 2010
date of death	Holbrook Gaskell II (7 December 1846 -- 2 July 1919) was a chemical industrialist in Widnes, Lancashire, England.	Holbrook Gaskell II	2 July 1919
date of death	Carlo Capra (21 September 1889, Strambino -- 19 August 1966) was an Italian professional football player.	Carlo Capra	19 August 1966
date of death	Vlatko Vuković Kosača (died 1392) was a 14th-century Bosnian nobleman, duke of duchy of Hum, Grand Duke of Bosnia (Bosnian: Veliki Vojvoda Bosanski) and one of the best military commanders of King Tvrtko I of Bosnia.	Vlatko Vuković	1392
date of death	Tito Agujari (25 April 1834 - 2 November 1908) was a well-known Italian portraitist and history painter.	Tito Agujari	2 November 1908
date of death	Norman Carling (1902--1971) was an English designer/modeller in ceramics, who created a large number of Art Deco models and joined Maling pottery in 1935 from the firm of A.J. Wilkinson, a company which also employed Clarice Cliff.	Norman Carling	1971
date of death	Camillo Róndani (21 November 1808 -- 17 September 1879) was an Italian entomologist noted for his studies of Diptera.	Camillo Róndani	17 September 1879
date of death	Jacob Freud (1815-1896) was the father of Sigmund Freud, the founder of psychoanalysis.	Jacob Freud	1896
date of death	Robinson McIlvaine (17 July 1913 -- 24 June 2001) was a career US diplomat who was President of the African Wildlife Foundation from 1978 to 1982.	Robinson McIlvaine	24 June 2001
date of death	Janullah Hashimzada (1969 - 24 August 2009) (جان الله هاشم زاده) was an Afghan journalist and bureau chief in Peshawar, Pakistan for the Afghanistan Shamshad TV channel.	Janullah Hashimzada	24 August 2009
date of death	Richard Radcliffe (died 9 October 1660) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons in 1656.	Richard Radcliffe	9 October 1660
date of death	Naomi Weisstein (1939 -- March 2015) was an American professor of psychology, neuroscientist, and author.	Naomi Weisstein	March 2015
date of death	Peter Williams, Jr. (1786--1840) was an African-American Episcopal priest, the second ordained in the United States, and an abolitionist in New York City.	Peter Williams, Jr.	1840
date of death	Arnold Möller (4 May 1581 -- 14 October 1655), was a German calligrapher.	Arnold Möller	1655
date of death	Jim Kane (February 2, 1937 -- January 28, 2003) was a Nebraska high school football, basketball, track and cross country coach, and was named the state's ``Coach of the Year'' in 1983, and was posthumously named to the state's High School Hall of Fame.	Jim Kane	2003
date of death	Luigi Diligenza (10 February 1921 -- 25 May 2011) was an Italian Prelate of Roman Catholic Church.	Luigi Diligenza	25 May 2011
date of death	Agnes Maule Machar (23 January 1837 -- 24 January 1927) was a Canadian author and social reformer.	Agnes Maule Machar	1927
date of death	William Saville-Kent (10 July 1845, Sidmouth, Devon -- 11 October 1908, Bournemouth, Dorset) was an English marine biologist.	William Saville-Kent	11 October 1908
date of death	Penelope Ann Rachel, Lady Reed (4 August 1914 -- 22 January 1982), known as Penelope Dudley-Ward, was an English actress.	Penelope Dudley-Ward	22 January 1982
date of death	Henry of Bracton, also Henry de Bracton, also Henrici Bracton, or Henry Bratton also Henry Bretton (c. 1210 -- c. 1268) was an English cleric and jurist.	Henry de Bracton	1268
date of death	Ralph Bernal (2 October 1783 or 2 October 1784 - 26 August 1854) was a British Whig politician and art collector.	Ralph Bernal	26 August 1854
date of death	Major General Rowland Laugharne (c.1607--1675) was a soldier in the English Civil War.	Rowland Laugharne	1675
date of death	Lieutenant-Colonel Sir Matthew Nathan GCMG, PC (3 January 1862 -- 18 April 1939) was a British soldier and colonial administrator, who variously served as the Governor of Sierra Leone, Gold Coast, Hong Kong, Natal and Queensland.	Matthew Nathan	18 April 1939
date of death	Ernő Bosnyák, (Zombor, Austria-Hungary 2 January 1876 -- Sombor, Yugoslavia 9 August 1963) was a Hungarian cameraman, film director and printer.	Ernő Bosnyák	9 August 1963
date of death	Tarquinio Merula (24 November 1595 -- 10 December 1665) was an Italian composer, organist, and violinist of the early Baroque era.	Tarquinio Merula	10 December 1665
date of death	Jasper Fish (buried 28 July 1791 at Sevenoaks, Kent) was a noted professional cricketer in the 18th century who was chiefly associated with Kent in the 1760s and 1770s.	Jasper Fish	1791
date of death	Frances Claudia Wright, OBE (5 March 1919 -- 2 April 2010) was a prominent Sierra Leonean lawyer during the 20th century.	Frances Claudia Wright	2 April 2010
date of death	Matteo Piccione (1615 - 1671) was an Italian painter, active in Rome, as a painter of religious subjects.	Matteo Piccione	1671
date of death	Angelo Luzzani (1896 -- 1960) was an Italian lawyer and football player.	Angelo Luzzani	1960
date of death	Saunders Mac Lane (4 August 1909 -- 14 April 2005) was an American mathematician who co-founded category theory with Samuel Eilenberg.	Saunders Mac Lane	14 April 2005
date of death	Frank Lake (6 June 1914 -- 10 May,1982) was one of the pioneers of pastoral counselling in the United Kingdom.	Frank Lake	1982
date of death	Prince Trung Vũ Trần Thủ Độ (1194 -- 1264) was a general and leader of the Trần clan during the reign of Lý Huệ Tông and Lý Chiêu Hoàng in the kingdom of Đại Việt (now Viet Nam).	Trần Thủ Độ	1264
date of death	Michał Florian Rzewuski (died 1687) was a Polish-Lithuanian nobleman and politician, Treasurer of the Crown Court.	Michał Florian Rzewuski	1687
date of death	Teofil Cyprian Wolicki (1768--1829) was an 18th-century Primate of Poland and Bishop of Poznań and Włocławek.	Teofil Cyprian Wolicki	1829
date of death	Don Keyter (13 September 1931 -- 11 November 1986) was Australian rules footballer who played with South Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Don Keyter	11 November 1986
date of death	Barbara Noble (1907--2001) was an English publisher and novelist.	Barbara Noble	2001
date of death	Sakura Sōgorō or better known as Sōgo-sama (1605 -- September 1653), was a legendary Japanese farmer whose real family name was Kiuchi.	Sakura Sōgorō	September 1653
date of death	Robert Klippel AO (19 June 1920 -- 19 June 2001) was an Australian constructivist sculptor and teacher.	Robert Klippel	19 June 2001
date of death	Radu G. Vlădescu (1886 -- 1964), a Romanian professor born in Buzău, taught at the Faculty of Veterinary Medicine of the University of Agronomical Sciences and Veterinary Medicine, Bucharest.	Radu G. Vlădescu	1964
date of death	Manuel António Lino (4 January 1865, in Angra do Heroísmo -- 15 June 1927, in Angra do Heroísmo) was a medic, politician, poet and dramatist, who became Civil Governor of the District of Horta.	Manuel António Lino	15 June 1927
date of death	Kilian Hennessy (19 February 1907 -- 1 October 2010) was a French business magnate, of Irish origin, and patriarch of the Hennessy cognac company.	Kilian Hennessy	1 October 2010
date of death	Thomas Gerard, 1st Baron Gerard (c. 1564 -- 15 January 1618) was a Staffordshire and Lancashire landowner and politician, a member of six English parliaments for three different constituencies.	Thomas Gerard, 1st Baron Gerard	1618
date of death	Harry De Gray (1866--1952) was the Chairman of the Shanghai Municipal Council for 2 years from 1911 to 1913.	Harry De Gray	1952
date of death	Harold James Merilees (January 5, 1908 -- September 19, 1972) was an advertising executive and political figure in British Columbia.	Harold James Merilees	1972
date of death	Erik Brate (13 June 1857 -- 11 April 1924) was a Swedish linguist and runologist.	Erik Brate	1924
date of death	Conrad IV, Count of Rietberg (c. 1371 -- 21 June 1428) was Count of Rietberg from 1389 until his death.	Conrad IV, Count of Rietberg	21 June 1428
date of death	Major William Oliver Smedley MC (1911--1989) was a British businessman involved in classical liberal politics and pirate radio.	Oliver Smedley	1989
date of death	Sir Matthew Boynton, 1st Baronet (c. 1591 -- 12 March 1647) was an English landowner and politician who sat in the House of Commons in two parliaments between 1621 and 1647.	Matthew Boynton	12 March 1647
date of death	Francis Charles Massingberd (3 December 1800 -- 5 December 1872) was an English churchman and writer, chancellor of the diocese of Lincoln, England.	Francis Charles Massingberd	5 December 1872
date of death	Li Mian (Chinese: 李勉; 717 -- September 14, 788), courtesy name Xuanqing (玄卿), formally Duke Zhenjian of Qian (汧貞簡公), was an official and general of the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty, serving as a chancellor during the reign of Emperor Dezong.	Li Mian	788
date of death	Gunnar Nilsen (31 March 1913 -- 3 October 1984) was a Norwegian business person.	Gunnar Nilsen	3 October 1984
date of death	James Franklin Perry (1790--1853) was an early settler and prominent citizen of Texas.	James Franklin Perry	1853
date of death	Nutan Samarth Bahl (4 June 1936 -- 21 February 1991), better known as Nutan, was an Indian actress.	Nutan	21 February 1991
date of death	Fred Cherry (15 April 1926 -- 30 July 2003) was an American activist for greater rights for johns (clients of prostitutes).	Fred Cherry	30 July 2003
date of death	Joseph Windham (1739--1810) was an English antiquarian.	Joseph Windham	1810
date of death	Shah Quli Khan Zangana (Persian: شاه قلی خان زنگنه‎‎, died 1716), was a Kurdish nobleman, who served as the vizier of the Safavid king (shah) Sultan Husayn (r. 1694--1722) from 1707 to 1716.	Shah Quli Khan Zangana	1716
date of death	Augustus L. Hart (October 15, 1849 -- 1901) was the 13th Attorney General of California.	Augustus L. Hart	1901
date of death	Norm MacLeod (8 October 1904 - 7 October 1951) was an Australian rules footballer who played for Collingwood in the Victorian Football League (VFL) during the late 1920s and early 1930s.	Norm MacLeod	7 October 1951
date of death	Thom Gunn (29 August 1929 -- 25 April 2004), born Thomson William Gunn, was an Anglo-American poet who was praised for his early verses in England, where he was associated with The Movement and his later poetry in America, even after moving toward a looser, free-verse style.	Thom Gunn	25 April 2004
date of death	Jean-Frédéric Edelmann (Johann Friedrich Edelmann, 5 May 1749 -- 17 July 1794) was a French classical composer.	Jean-Frédéric Edelmann	17 July 1794
date of death	John Ayrton Paris, FRS (1785 -- 24 December 1856) was a British physician.	John Ayrton Paris	24 December 1856
date of death	Charles Henry Chapman (1879--1972), who signed his work as C. H. Chapman, was a British illustrator and cartoonist best known for his work in boys' story papers such as The Magnet where the character Billy Bunter appeared.	C. H. Chapman	1972
date of death	Odofredus (died 3 December 1265) was an Italian jurist.	Odofredus	3 December 1265
date of death	Gennadi Tumat (1964--1996) was a renowned Tuvinian master of throat singing.	Gennadi Tumat	1996
date of death	According to the chronology developed by Moskov, Vinekh would have reigned 754--762.	Vinekh	762
date of death	Ana Galvis Hotz (22 June 1855 -- 2 November 1934) was the first Colombian woman to have obtained a medical degree as a Doctor of Medicine.	Ana Galvis Hotz	2 November 1934
date of death	Donal MacCarthy Reagh (Irish: Domhnall Mac Carthaigh Riabhach) (1450/1460--1531) was the 9th Prince of Carbery from 1505 to his death in 1531.	Donal MacCarthy Reagh	1531
date of death	Johann Peter Julius Hoffory (9 February 1855 Aarhus - 12 April 1897 Westend) was a Danish-German philologist, phonetician, and Germanic scholar.	Julius Hoffory	12 April 1897
date of death	Aneesur Rahman (24 August 1927 -- 6 June 1987) pioneered the application of computational methods to physical systems.	Aneesur Rahman	6 June 1987
date of death	Artur Kukk (22 June 1899 -- 19 April 1958) was an Estonian wrestler.	Artur Kukk	19 April 1958
date of death	Frederic Thomas Somerby or F.T. Somerby (1814--1871) was a painter and ``sporting writer'' in Boston, Massachusetts, in the mid-19th century.	Frederic Thomas Somerby	1871
date of death	Sarvepalli Gopal (23 April 1923 -- 20 April 2002) was a well-known Indian historian.	Sarvepalli Gopal	20 April 2002
date of death	John Derek Jarrett (18 March 1928 -- 28 March 2004) was an English schoolteacher, historian, and writer.	Derek Jarrett	2004
date of death	Dermot Curtis (26 August 1932 -- 1 November 2008) was an Irish international footballer.	Dermot Curtis	1 November 2008
date of death	Yujiulü Anagui (Chinese: 郁久閭阿那瓌; pinyin: Yùjiǔlǘ Ānàgūi) (?-552) khan of the Rouran (520-552) with the title of Chiliantoubingdoufa Khan (敕連頭兵豆伐可汗).	Yujiulü Anagui	552
date of death	His Illustrious Highness Prince Nicholas Tchkotoua (1909 - 1984) was a Georgian writer and a prominent member of the Order of Malta.	Nicholas Tchkotoua	1984
date of death	Paul-Eugène Roy (8 November 1859 -- 20 February 1926) was a Canadian Roman Catholic priest, and Archbishop of Quebec.	Paul-Eugène Roy	20 February 1926
date of death	Robert Pursglove (alias ``Sylvester''; 1504--1579) was an English sixteenth-century bishop.	Robert Pursglove	1579
date of death	Louis Bossuet (22 February 1663 -- 15 January 1742) was a French parlementaire.	Louis Bossuet	15 January 1742
date of death	Atiqul Haque Chowdhury (Bengali: আতিকুল হক চৌধুরী‎; 15 December 1930 -- 17 June 2013) was a prominent media personality in Bangladesh.	Atiqul Haque Chowdhury	17 June 2013
date of death	Johnny Broome (Born: 14 March 1818; Birmingham, England - 31 May 1855; England) was a lightweight bare-knuckle boxer.	Johnny Broome	31 May 1855
date of death	Sir Thomas Strickland, 2nd Baronet (ca. 1639 -- 20 November 1684) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons in 1659.	Sir Thomas Strickland, 2nd Baronet	20 November 1684
date of death	Fr. Peter Daly, Irish priest, c.1788--1868.	Peter Daly	1868
date of death	Gerald Claude Eugene Foster (30 November 1885 -- 25 February 1966), best known as G. C. Foster, was a Jamaican sportsman who excelled at sprinting, cricket, and tennis, and later became a well-known athletics coach and cricket umpire.	G. C. Foster	25 February 1966
date of death	Ricardo Zamora Martínez (Spanish pronunciation: (riˈkarðo θaˈmoɾa marˈtineθ); 21 January 1901 -- 8 September 1978) was a Spanish footballer and manager.	Ricardo Zamora	8 September 1978
date of death	Nellie Kershaw (c. 1891 -- 14 March 1924) was an English textile worker from Rochdale, Greater Manchester.	Nellie Kershaw	14 March 1924
date of death	Christos Michas (Greek: Χρήστος Μίχας; died 25 August 2010) was a Greek football referee who became the first Greek to officiate a European Cup final, the 1973 European Cup Winners' Cup Final.	Christos Michas	25 August 2010
date of death	Cellachán mac Buadacháin (died 954), called Cellachán Caisil, was King of Munster.	Cellachán Caisil	954
date of death	Pat Twomey (2 April 1929 -- 22 November 1969) was an Australian rules footballer, who played in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Pat Twomey	22 November 1969
date of death	Constantine Alexander Ionides (14 May 1833 in Manchester -- 29 June 1900 in Brighton, Greek: Κωνσταντίνος Αλέξανδρος Ιωνίδης) was a British art patron and collector, of Greek ancestry.	Constantine Alexander Ionides	29 June 1900
date of death	Zhang Liao (169--222), courtesy name Wenyuan, was a military general serving under the warlord Cao Cao in the late Eastern Han dynasty.	Zhang Liao	222
date of death	Leslie Evershed-Martin, OBE (1903--1991) was a British theatre impresario, city councillor and optician.	Leslie Evershed-Martin	1991
date of death	Ludwig Straniak (1879-1951), was a German mystic, Germanic revivalist and most notably a pendulum dowser.	Ludwig Straniak	1951
date of death	Lady Elizabeth Basset, DCVO (5 March 1908 -- 30 November 2000) was born Elizabeth Legge, the daughter of the 7th Earl of Dartmouth.	Lady Elizabeth Basset	30 November 2000
date of death	Gilbert Maxwell (February 13, 1910-November 1979) was a poet, New York actor, and author.	Gilbert Maxwell	1979
date of death	Inge the Elder (Swedish: Inge Stenkilsson; Old Norse: Ingi Steinkelsson) (died c. 1105) was a King of Sweden.	Inge the Elder	1105
date of death	James Hipwood (1842--1926) was an Australia politician.	James Hipwood	1926
date of death	Gustavo Mancinelli (Rome, 1842 - 1906) was an Italian painter, who made portraits and depicted many Orientalist subjects.	Gustavo Mancinelli	1906
date of death	Zhang Ren (died 213) was a military officer serving under the warlord Liu Zhang in the late Eastern Han dynasty.	Zhang Ren	213
date of death	Eliza Sibbald Alderson (16 August 1818 -- 18 March 1889) was an English poet and hymn writer.	Eliza Sibbald Alderson	18 March 1889
date of death	Robert Pleasants (1723--1801) was an American educator and abolitionist.	Robert Pleasants	1801
date of death	Francis Marion Beynon (26 May 1884 -- 5 October 1951) was a Canadian journalist, feminist and pacifist.	Francis Marion Beynon	5 October 1951
date of death	George Deas Brown (born 6 September 1922 -- 1 January 2014) was an Australian politician.	George Deas Brown	1 January 2014
date of death	Maria Palmer (born Maria Pichler, 5 September 1917 -- 6 September 1981) was an Austrian-born American actress.	Maria Palmer	6 September 1981
date of death	Emrys George Bowen FRGS, FSA, also known as E. G. Bowen (28 December 1900 -- 8 November 1983), was an internationally renowned geographer with a particular interest in the physical geography and social geography of his native Wales.	E. G. Bowen	8 November 1983
date of death	Ecmel Kutay (1927--1998) was a General in the Turkish military and served as the 24th Mayor of Istanbul from 1981 to 1982.	Ecmel Kutay	1998
date of death	Andrew Vinius (Russian: Андре́й Андре́евич Ви́ниус, Andrey Andreyevich Vinius) (1641--1717) was a Russian statesman and a friend of Peter the Great.	Andrew Vinius	1717
date of death	Sir Edward Wardour (died 14 March 1645) was an English office holder and politician who sat in the House of Commons between 1621 and 1625.	Edward Wardour	14 March 1645
date of death	Bartholomaeus of Drahonice (c. 1390 -- 1443) was a Bohemian soldier, and author of a chronicle of the Hussite revolution.	Bartholomaeus of Drahonice	1443
date of death	Fra Alof de Wignacourt (1547 -- 14 September 1622) was a French nobleman who was the 54th Grand Master of the Order of St. John of Jerusalem from 10 February 1601 to his death in 1622.	Alof de Wignacourt	14 September 1622
date of death	Sultan Sidi Muhammad ibn Sharif (? -- 2 August 1664) was the ruler of Tafilalt between 1636-64.	Muhammad ibn Sharif	2 August 1664
date of death	David Edward Sutch (10 November 1940 -- 16 June 1999), also known as 3rd Earl of Harrow, or simply Screaming Lord Sutch, was an English musician.	Screaming Lord Sutch	16 June 1999
date of death	Mary Jean Stone (born at Brighton, Sussex, in 1853; died at Battle, Sussex, 3 May 1908) was an English historical writer.	Mary Jean Stone	3 May 1908
date of death	Philipp Ludwig I, Count of Hanau-Münzenberg (21 November 1553 -- 4 February 1580) succeeded his father in the government of the County of Hanau-Münzenberg in 1561.	Philipp Ludwig I, Count of Hanau-Münzenberg	4 February 1580
date of death	Louis C. Hunter (1898 -- 1984) was a professor of economic history at American University.	Louis C. Hunter	1984
date of death	Markos Natsinas (1925-2001) is a former Greek politician.	Markos Natsinas	2001
date of death	William Alexander McArthur (1857 -- 7 June 1923), was a British Liberal politician and businessman.	William Alexander McArthur	7 June 1923
date of death	Shingai Tanaka (born 1942 in Tottori, Japan -- 6 October 2007 in Kyoto) was a Japanese calligrapher who studied under Master Goshin Yasui, becoming one of the country's best shodō artists.	Shingai Tanaka	6 October 2007
date of death	Adolf Dieudonné (29 August 1864 -- 25 October 1944) was a German physician and hygienist, born in Stuttgart.	Adolf Dieudonné	25 October 1944
date of death	Gruffudd Gryg (fl. c.1340--1380) was a Welsh poet from Anglesey, North Wales.	Gruffudd Gryg	1380
date of death	Thomas Wright Hill (24 April 1763 in Kidderminster -- 13 June 1851 in Tottenham) was a mathematician and schoolmaster.	Thomas Wright Hill	13 June 1851
date of death	John Jugge (died 1588) was an English member of the Stationers' Company, and the son of Richard Jugge.	John Jugge	1588
date of death	Chong Ah Fatt (17 January 1936 - 11 July 1987) was a former Chairman of the Marine Parade Citizen's Consultative Committee.	Chong Ah Fatt	11 July 1987
date of death	Jean Fouchard (2 March 1912 - 30 September 1990) was a Haitian historian, journalist, and diplomat.	Jean Fouchard	30 September 1990
date of death	Donnchad Grana Ó Cellaigh, Irish Lord, died 1589.	Donnchad Grana Ó Cellaigh	1589
date of death	John Blissard (1803, Northampton, England -- 1875) was a Church of England vicar and the father of mathematician and Church of England vicar John Charles Blissard who introduced the umbral calculus.	John Blissard	1875
date of death	Reverend Charles Pritchard (29 February 1808 -- 28 May 1893) was a British astronomer, clergyman, and educational reformer.	Charles Pritchard	28 May 1893
date of death	Sir George Rawdon, 1st Baronet (1604--1684), of Moira, County Down which he founded, was an English army officer and politician.	Sir George Rawdon, 1st Baronet	1684
date of death	Admiral Harry Powlett, 6th Duke of Bolton PC (6 November 1720 -- 25 December 1794) was a British nobleman and naval officer.	Harry Powlett, 6th Duke of Bolton	25 December 1794
date of death	María Enriqueta Camarillo (also known as María Enriqueta Camarillo y Roa de Pereyra) (1872--1968) was a Mexican poet novelist, short story writer and translator.	María Enriqueta Camarillo	1968
date of death	Rabbi Avraham Yitzchak Bloch (Hebrew: אברהם יצחק בלוך‎; 1891--1941) was the Chief Rabbi and Rosh Yeshiva of the Telz Yeshiva in Lithuania, and one of the greatest pre-Holocaust Rabbinic figures.	Avraham Yitzchak Bloch	1941
date of death	Christine Wetherill Stevenson (1878-1922) was an heiress of the Pittsburgh Paint Company.	Christine Wetherill Stevenson	1922
date of death	Richard Bradshaigh or Bradshaw (alias Barton, 1602--1669), was an English Jesuit.	Richard Bradshaigh	1669
date of death	Paula Fürst (August 6, 1894 -- probably June 1942) was a German reform educator of Jewish descent.	Paula Fürst	1942
date of death	Gabriel Estêvão Monjane (1944 -- 1990) is one of only seventeen individuals in medical history to have reached eight feet or more in height.	Gabriel Estêvão Monjane	1990
date of death	Edward Chetwynd (1577--1639) was an English churchman, Dean of Bristol from 1617.	Edward Chetwynd	1639
date of death	James E. Hagan (January 25, 1902 -- November 1965) was an American businessman and politician who served in the Massachusetts House of Representatives and as the twenty first mayor of Somerville, Massachusetts.	James E. Hagan	1965
date of death	Athanasius Allanson (11 June 1804 -- 13 January 1876) was an English Benedictine monk and historian, and Abbot of Glastonbury from 1874 to 1876.	Athanasius Allanson	13 January 1876
date of death	Malice Green was a resident of Detroit, Michigan who died while in police custody after being arrested by Detroit police officers Walter Budzyn and Larry Nevers on November 5, 1992 during a traffic stop.	Malice Green	1992
date of death	Erika Wendt, née Erika Schwarze (1917 -- 9 April 2003) was a German secretary.	Erika Wendt	9 April 2003
date of death	John William Logan, known as ``Paddy'' Logan, (1845 -- 25 May 1925), was a civil engineering contractor and Liberal Member of Parliament (MP) for Harborough in Leicestershire.	John William Logan	25 May 1925
date of death	Kumārajīva (simplified Chinese: 鸠摩罗什; traditional Chinese: 鳩摩羅什; pinyin: Jiūmóluóshí; Wade--Giles: Chiu1 mo2 lo2 shih2, 344--413 CE) was a Buddhist monk, scholar, and translator from the Kingdom of Kucha.	Kumārajīva	413
date of death	Claude Bendier (died 1677) was a doctor of the Sorbonne, canon of Saint-Quentin, Aisne, and a well-known French bibliophile.	Claude Bendier	1677
date of death	Michael Chatfield (1930s-2004) was an American economist, accounting historian, and Emeritus Professor of Accounting at the Southern Oregon University, known for his work on the history of accounting and accounting thought, and particularly for his History of Accounting:	Michael Chatfield	2004
date of death	Una Troy Walsh (1913--1993) was an Irish novelist and playwright who wrote under the names Elizabeth Connor and Una Troy.	Una Troy	1993
date of death	Georgios Psyllas (Greek: Γεώργιος Ψύλλας, 1794--1878) was a Greek scholar and politician, and editor during the Greek War of Independence of the newspaper Efimerida ton Athinon.	Georgios Psyllas	1878
date of death	Abercius of Hieropolis (Greek Αβέρκιος, died ca. 167) was a bishop of Hierapolis (modern Castabala) at the time of Marcus Aurelius, also known as Abercius Marcellus.	Abercius of Hieropolis	167
date of death	Manuel Menezes (1922 -- 15 June 1996) was an Indian business executive, chairman of the Indian Railway Board.	Manuel Menezes	15 June 1996
date of death	Hans Andreas Tanberg Gløersen (16 February 1836 -- 1 September 1904) was a Norwegian forest manager.	Andreas Tanberg Gløersen	1 September 1904
date of death	Heinz Jentzsch (13 March 1920 -- 21 April 2012) was the most successful horse trainer in the history of German horse racing.	Heinz Jentzsch	21 April 2012
date of death	Yuri Nemyrych (Ukrainian: Юрій Стефанович Немирич, Polish: Jerzy Niemirycz) (1612--1659) was a Polish-Ruthenian magnate and politician.	Yuri Nemyrych	1659
date of death	Anselm Bayly (died 1794) was an English churchman and author of various works, chiefly of a theological and critical nature.	Anselm Bayly	1794
date of death	Harry V. Roberts (1923--2004), American statistician, was a distinguished teacher and a pioneer in looking at the applications of Bayesian statistics to business decision making and in Total Quality Management.	Harry V. Roberts	2004
date of death	Jetti Veera Raghavulu (died 7 June 2013), better known as J. V. Raghavulu (Telugu: జె. వి. రాఘవులు), was an eminent Indian music director and playback singer.	J. V. Raghavulu	7 June 2013
date of death	Harriet Lane Levy (1867--1950) is a California writer best known for her memoir, 920 O’Farrell Street.	Harriet Lane Levy	1950
date of death	Aram Miskaryan (1973 -- 23 June 2009) was an Armenian sportsman and President of the Armenian Mu Tay Federation.	Aram Miskaryan	23 June 2009
date of death	Giovanni Domenico Nardo (4 March 1802 -- 7 April 1877) was an Italian naturalist from Venice, although he spent most of his life in Chioggia, home port of the biggest fishing flotilla of the Adriatic.	Giovanni Domenico Nardo	7 April 1877
date of death	Secondo Pia (1855--1941) was an Italian lawyer and amateur photographer.	Secondo Pia	1941
date of death	Charles Louis Stanislas Heurteloup (16 February 1793, Paris - 1864) was a French physician.	Charles Louis Stanislas Heurteloup	1864
date of death	Hart T. Mankin (died 1995) was a United States lawyer and judge who served as General Counsel of the Navy from 1971 to 1973.	Hart T. Mankin	1995
date of death	Yakov Permyakov (Russian: Пермяков, Яков) (died 1712) was a Russian seafarer, explorer, merchant, and Cossack.	Yakov Permyakov	1712
date of death	François-Isidore Gagelin (10 May 1799 -- 17 October 1833) was a French missionary of the Paris Foreign Missions Society in Vietnam.	François-Isidore Gagelin	17 October 1833
date of death	Jacques Cujas (or Cujacius) (1522 -- 4 October 1590) was a French legal expert.	Jacques Cujas	4 October 1590
date of death	Rosa Welt-Straus (1856 -- 1938) was a suffragist and feminist.	Rosa Welt-Straus	1938
date of death	John Crayford (died 1547) was a Master of both Clare College, Cambridge and University College, Oxford, England.	John Crayford	1547
date of death	John Malcolm Gray, CBE (28 July 1934 - 19 November 2009) was a Scottish businessman and the former chairman and chief executive of the Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation in Hong Kong from 1993 until his retirement in 1996.	John Malcolm Gray	19 November 2009
date of death	Titus Clodius Eprius Marcellus (committed suicide AD 79) was a prominent Roman senator, twice consul, best known for his prosecution of the Stoic senator Thrasea Paetus and his bitter quarrel with Helvidius Priscus.	Titus Clodius Eprius Marcellus	79
date of death	Captain James Robert Mosse (1745--1801) was a British naval officer and military hero killed during his command at the Battle of Copenhagen during the Napoleonic Wars.	James Robert Mosse	1801
date of death	Charles Gray Round (28 January 1797 -- 1 December 1867) was a barrister and the Conservative member of parliament (MP) for North Essex 1837--47.	Charles Gray Round	1 December 1867
date of death	Gertrude Elizabeth Shane (née Hine; 1877--1951) was an Irish poet born in Belfast and who lived much of her life in County Donegal.	Elizabeth Shane	1951
date of death	Ivan Samoylovych (Russian: Ива́н Само́йлович Самойло́вич, Polish: Iwan Samojłowicz, Ukrainian: Іван Самойлович) (died 1690) was the Hetman of Left-bank Ukraine from 1672 to 1687.	Ivan Samoylovych	1690
date of death	Andrew Thomas Jamieson (ca 1823 -- October 31, 1872) was a politician in British Columbia.	Andrew Thomas Jamieson	1872
date of death	Count Christian Louis Casimir of Sayn-Wittgenstein-Ludwigsburg (German: Graf Christian Ludwig Casimir zu Sayn-Wittgenstein-Berleburg in Ludwigsburg) (13 July 1725, Berleburg -- 6 May 1797, Rheda) was a Count of Sayn-Wittgenstein-Ludwigsburg in 1750--1796.	Christian Louis Casimir of Sayn-Wittgenstein-Ludwigsburg	6 May 1797
date of death	Lancelot Errington, also Launcelot or Lancelott, (1657-1745) was a master mariner noted for his capture of Lindisfarne during the Jacobite Rising of 1715.	Lancelot Errington	1745
date of death	Nan Chauncy (28 May 1900 -- 1 May 1970) was a British-born Australian children's writer.	Nan Chauncy	1 May 1970
date of death	Francis Stanfield (1835-1914) was an English Catholic priest who worked in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Westminster.	Francis Stanfield	1914
date of death	Stanley Wells Kemp, FRS (14 June 1882 -- 16 May 1945) was an English marine biologist.	Stanley Wells Kemp	16 May 1945
date of death	Rawson Hart Boddam (1734 -- 20 May 1812, Bath) was the former Governor of the Bombay Presidency during the rule of the East India Company in British India from 1784--1788.	Rawson Hart Boddam	20 May 1812
date of death	Antonio Iranzo (4 May 1930 -- 7 July 2003) was a Spanish film actor in 77 feature films.	Antonio Iranzo	7 July 2003
date of death	Mustafa Suha Arın (23 January 1942 - 1 February 2004) was a Turkish film director, writer, producer and educator.	Suha Arın	1 February 2004
date of death	Eva Aschoff (16 April 1900 -- 20 September 1969) was a German visual artist known for her bookbinding and calligraphy.	Eva Aschoff	20 September 1969
date of death	Robert Scott Moncrieff (1 December 1793 -- 18 June 1869) was a Scottish advocate but is largely remembered as an amateur illustrator and caricaturist.	Robert Scott Moncrieff	1869
date of death	Leo Catozzo (10 December 1912 -- 4 March 1997) was an Italian award winning film editor.	Leo Catozzo	4 March 1997
date of death	Daniel Beale (1759--1842) was a Scottish merchant and fur trader active in the Far East mercantile centres of Bombay, Canton and Macau as well as at one time the Prussian consul in China.	Daniel Beale	1842
date of death	Ellen Dickson (1819 -- 4 July 1878) was an English composer who also used the pseudonym Dolores Dickson.	Ellen Dickson	4 July 1878
date of death	Natalma (March 26, 1957 -- January 29, 1985) was an American-bred Thoroughbred racehorse best known as the dam (mother) of the most important sire, and sire of sires, of the 20th Century, Northern Dancer.	Natalma	1985
date of death	Isaac of Seleucia (died 410) was a Patriarch of the Persian Church, who is celebrated among the Catholicoi for having reorganized the Persian Church after the terrible persecution that overwhelmed it under Shapûr II.	Isaac of Seleucia	410
date of death	Gregory Ivy (1904--1985) was chairman of the art department at Woman's College, now the University of North Carolina at Greensboro, from 1935 to 1961.	Gregory Ivy	1985
date of death	Loree Murray (January 2, 1921 -- 2009) was a community activist in Washington DC. Murray moved to DC in the early 1940s from Pinehurst, North Carolina.	Loree Murray	2009
date of death	John Edwards-Vaughan, also known as John Edwards (29 March 1772 -- 16 August 1833) was a Welsh politician who sat in the House of Commons in two periods between 1818 and 1832.	John Edwards-Vaughan	16 August 1833
date of death	Percy Orthwein (1888-1957) was an American heir and business executive in advertising from St. Louis, Missouri.	Percy Orthwein	1957
date of death	Saint Herbert of Derwentwater (?- 20 March 687) was an Anglo-Saxon priest and hermit who lived on St. Herbert's Island, a small island in Derwentwater.	Herbert of Derwentwater	20 March 687
date of death	When Winfield Scott Stratton died on 14 September 1902, he left the bulk of his estate for the establishment of the Myron Stratton Home, for ``the aged poor and dependent children;'' named for his father Myron Stratton.	Winfield Scott Stratton	14 September 1902
date of death	John Zeleny (1872--1951) was a Czech-American physicist at the University of Minnesota, who in 1911 invented the Zeleny electroscope.	John Zeleny	1951
date of death	James Ormiston McWilliam (1808--1862) was a Scottish naval surgeon, physician and writer on infectious diseases, best known as medical officer to the 1841 Niger expedition.	James Ormiston McWilliam	1862
date of death	John Harington, 1st Baron Harington (1281--1347) of Aldingham in Furness, Lancashire, was an English peer, created Baron Harington by writ of summons to Parliament dated 1326.	John Harington, 1st Baron Harington	1347
date of death	William Burt Pope (1822 -- 1903) was an English Christian theologian in the Methodist tradition.	William Burt Pope	1903
date of death	Charlie Sutton (3 April 1924 -- 5 June 2012) was an Australian rules footballer in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Charlie Sutton	5 June 2012
date of death	Frederick Ward (30 June 1894 -- 10 September 1953), known as Fred or Yaffer Ward, was an English footballer who made 245 appearances in the Football League playing for Lincoln City (in three separate spells), Wigan Borough and Rochdale.	Yaffer Ward	10 September 1953
date of death	Severin Binius (1573, Randerath, present-day Western Germany -- 14 February 1641) was a German Roman Catholic priest, historian and critic.	Severin Binius	14 February 1641
date of death	Nahed Sherif (Arabic: ناهد شريف), also romanised as Nahied Sherif, (1 January 1942 - 7 April 1981) was an Egyptian actress who came to prominence in Egyptian and Lebanese films of the 1960s and 1970s.	Nahed Sherif	7 April 1981
date of death	Nathaniel Hallowes (1582 -- 1661) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons of England from 1640 to 1653 and again in 1659.	Nathaniel Hallowes	1661
date of death	Mustafa Mashhur (Ar.: مصطفى مشهور) (lived 1921 -- November 14, 2002) was the fifth General Guide (leader) of the Muslim Brothers.	Mustafa Mashhur	2002
date of death	Lida Gustava Heymann (15 March 1868 -- 31 July 1943) was a German feminist, pacifist and women's rights activist.	Lida Gustava Heymann	31 July 1943
date of death	Claudio Brindis de Salas Monte (Havana, 30 October 1800 -- 17 December 1872) was a black violinist and double bass player who directed the most famous Cuban dance orchestra of his day.	Claudio Brindis de Salas	17 December 1872
date of death	Eva Kristine Vetulani-Belfoure (1 October 1924 -- 25 March 2004) was a Polish translator, teacher and writer who emigrated to the United States in the early 1950s.	Kristine Vetulani-Belfoure	25 March 2004
date of death	Stevan Dedijer (25 June 1911 -- 13 June 2004) was a Yugoslav academic and a pioneer of Business Intelligence.	Stevan Dedijer	2004
date of death	René Fonjallaz (1907 -- December 1993) was a Swiss bobsledder who competed in the late 1920s and early 1930s.	René Fonjallaz	1993
date of death	Ray Parkin (6 November 1910 -- 19 June 2005) was an Australian writer, amateur artist, and self-taught historian, noted for his memoirs of World War II and a major work on James Cook's Endeavour voyage.	Ray Parkin	19 June 2005
date of death	J. Garber Drushal (July 16, 1912 -- December 3, 1982) was the eighth President of The College of Wooster, in Wooster, Ohio USA.	J. Garber Drushal	1982
date of death	Jaybahadur Hitan Magar (17 July 1949 -- 11 December 2009) was a politician, campaigner, writer and literati of Nepal, and a member of the Nepalese Congress Party (NC).	Jaybahadur Hitan Magar	11 December 2009
date of death	Gaspare Sommaripa (died 1402) was a Lord of Paros by right of his wife.	Gaspare Sommaripa	1402
date of death	Jackie Mann DFM (11 June 1914 -- 12 November 1995) was a British former RAF fighter pilot in the Battle of Britain, who in later life was kidnapped by Islamists in Lebanon in May 1989, and held hostage for more than two years.	Jackie Mann	12 November 1995
date of death	Sun Qifeng (1583--1675; 孫奇逢; Sun Ch'i-feng in Wade Giles) was a native of Rongcheng County in Zhili Province.	Sun Qifeng	1675
date of death	Tajammul Hussain Malik (June 13, 1924 - 2003) was a 2-star general officer in the Pakistan army and the former General Officer Commanding of the 23rd Division of Pakistan Army, retiring with the rank of major general.	Tajammul Hussain Malik	2003
date of death	Federico Mazzotta (1839-1897) was an Italian painter, mainly of genre subjects, but also historic and Neo-Pompeian themes.	Federico Mazzotta	1897
date of death	W.B. Mathews (1865--1931) was a ``pioneer figure in the water development program of Los Angeles'' and chief counsel for the Metropolitan Water District of Southern California.	W.B. Mathews	1931
date of death	José Antonio Saravia or José Antonio Sarabia (Villanueva del Fresno, Spain, 1785 -- Kamenetz, now in Ukraine, 2 April 1871) was an army officer during the Napoleonic Wars.	José Antonio Saravia	2 April 1871
date of death	Ottokar Fischer Marteau, also known as (born) Ottokar Fischer (November 10, 1873, Leschan (Czech: Lešany) - December 1, 1940) was born in a small village Leschan in Austrian Empire.	Ottokar Fischer	1940
date of death	Maria Skytte af Duderhof (died 1703) was a Swedish Baroness and Countess known for her unconventional life style.	Maria Skytte	1703
date of death	Fritz Mauthner (22 November 1849 -- 29 June 1923) was an Austro-Hungarian novelist, theatre critic, satirist, and exponent of philosophical skepticism derived from a critique of human knowledge.	Fritz Mauthner	29 June 1923
date of death	Robert Vivian Storer (1900--1958), Australian venerealogist, sex educator, and writer, was born in Adelaide in 1900.	Robert Vivian Storer	1958
date of death	Cináed mac Conaing (died 851) was King of Knowth in the medieval Irish province of Mide, succeeding his father Conaing mac Flainn in 849.	Cináed mac Conaing	851
date of death	Buth Diu (d. c. 1972) was a politician who was one of the leaders of the Liberal Party in Sudan in the years before and after independence in 1956.	Buth Diu	1972
date of death	Maurice Burton (28 March 1898 -- 9 September 1992) was a British zoologist and popular science author, who produced many natural history encyclopedias and books including a skeptical treatment of the Loch Ness Monster.	Maurice Burton	9 September 1992
date of death	Colonel Francis Hacker (died 19 October 1660) was an English soldier who fought for Parliament during the English Civil War and one of the Regicides of King Charles I of England.	Francis Hacker	19 October 1660
date of death	Ewaryst Estkowski (1820--1856) was a Polish teacher, education activist, and editor of Szkoła Polska (Polish School) magazine.	Ewaryst Estkowski	1856
date of death	Kenth Andersson (13 July 1944 -- 20 January 2011) was a Swedish middle-distance runner and running agent.	Kenth Andersson	20 January 2011
date of death	Emanuel Gifford (died c 1633) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons twice between 1621 and 1626.	Emanuel Gifford	1633
date of death	Peter Weekes (21 February 1947 -- 26 December 1994) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Peter Weekes	26 December 1994
date of death	Đoan Nam Vương Trịnh Khải (chữ Hán:鄭楷, 1763-1786) was one of the Trịnh lords in northern Vietnam.	Trịnh Khải	1786
date of death	Örjan Lüning (30 May 1919 − 24 September 1995) was a Swedish philatelist who was a specialist in aerophilately.	Örjan Lüning	24 September 1995
date of death	Admiral William Compton, 4th Marquess of Northampton, KG (20 August 1818 -- 11 September 1897), known as Lord William Compton from 1828 to 1877, was a British peer and naval commander.	William Compton, 4th Marquess of Northampton	11 September 1897
date of death	Reuben Levy (28 April 1891 -- 6 September 1966) was Professor of Persian at the University of Cambridge, who wrote on Persian literature and Islamic history.	Reuben Levy	6 September 1966
date of death	William Sandeman (born Luncarty, Scotland 1722, died Perth, Scotland 1790) was a leading Perthshire linen and later cotton manufacturer.	William Sandeman	1790
date of death	M. A. Mansoor (1881--1968) was an antiquarian who compiled an exquisite collection of Amarna Period sculptures.	M. A. Mansoor	1968
date of death	Vice-Admiral Henry Boyle Townshend Somerville CMG (7 September 1863 -- 24 March 1936) was a British navy officer who was murdered by the IRA.	Henry Boyle Townshend Somerville	24 March 1936
date of death	Joseph Coincé (1764--1833) was a French Jesuit and physician.	Joseph Coincé	1833
date of death	John Rainolds (or Reynolds) (1549 -- 21 May 1607) was an English academic and churchman, of Puritan views.	John Rainolds	21 May 1607
date of death	Gladstone Guest (26 June 1917 -- 17 July 1998) was an English footballer.	Gladstone Guest	17 July 1998
date of death	Grace Eldering (1900--1988) was an American public health scientist, known for her involvement in the creation of a vaccine for whooping cough along with Pearl Kendrick.	Grace Eldering	1988
date of death	Charles Oyston (12 May 1869 -- 15 July 1942) was an English first-class cricketer, who played fifteen matches for Yorkshire County Cricket Club from 1900 to 1909.	Charles Oyston	15 July 1942
date of death	E. Warren Clark (1849--1907) was an American educator who taught thousands of young Japanese the rudiments of modern science while employed as a teacher in Japan from 1871-75.	E. Warren Clark	1907
date of death	Alem Zewde Tessema (died 1974) was an Ethiopian military figure.	Alem Zewde Tessema	1974
date of death	John Conroy Hutcheson (1840- 1897) was a British author of novels and short stories about life aboard ships at sea.	John Conroy Hutcheson	1897
date of death	George Bax Holmes (3 May 1803 -- 31 March 1887) was an English fossil collector.	George Bax Holmes	31 March 1887
date of death	Cú Dínaisc mac Conasaig (also called Cudinaisc, Cudinaisg, Cú Dínisc, Cudiniscus) (c.720 -- 791), was the Abbot of Armagh, Ireland from 768 to 772.	Cú Dínaisc mac Conasaig	791
date of death	Eivind Tverbak (April 1897, Sørfold, Salten -- 1982) was a Norwegian novelist and children's writer from Sørfold.	Eivind Tverbak	1982
date of death	Abdullah ibn Umar () (c.610--693 CE) was the son of the second Caliph Umar and a brother-in-law of the Islamic prophet Muhammad.	Abdullah ibn Umar	693
date of death	Henrik Jæger (4 January 1854 -- 17 December 1895) was a Norwegian literary historian, literary critic and playwright.	Henrik Jæger	17 December 1895
date of death	Lucien Paye (born in Vernoil-le-Fourrier, Maine-et-Loire on 18 June 1907 -- died 1972) was a former French politician.	Lucien Paye	1972
date of death	Charles Jerram (1770--1853) was an English evangelical priest of the Church of England.	Charles Jerram	1853
date of death	Abraham Saba (1440--1508) was a preacher in Castile who became a pupil of Isaac de Leon.	Abraham Saba	1508
date of death	Katharina Henot (or Henoth), (1570 -- 19 May 1627), was a German postmaster and an alleged witch, burned at the stake for sorcery in Cologne in Germany.	Katharina Henot	19 May 1627
date of death	A. Martin Freeman (1878 in Tooting, London -- 1959) was a scholar of medieval Irish texts and collector of Irish music.	A. Martin Freeman	1959
date of death	Auguste Aramini (1875--1950) was a French-born Canadian singer.	Auguste Aramini	1950
date of death	Henri Membertou (died 18 September 1611) was the sakmow (Grand Chief) of the Mi'kmaq First Nations tribe situated near Port Royal, site of the first French settlement in Acadia, present-day Nova Scotia, Canada.	Henri Membertou	18 September 1611
date of death	Anna Margaret Ross Alexander (1913--1995) was a philanthropist, who organized the first mental health fund drive in Marion County, Indiana.	Anna Margaret Ross Alexander	1995
date of death	Jeronimus Sweerts (1603 -- 1636), was a Dutch Golden Age still life painter.	Jeronimus Sweerts	1636
date of death	Sir Joseph Whitworth, 1st Baronet (21 December 1803 -- 22 January 1887) was an English engineer, entrepreneur, inventor and philanthropist.	Joseph Whitworth	22 January 1887
date of death	Sheen T. Kassouf (1929--2006) was an economist known for research in financial mathematics.	Sheen T. Kassouf	2006
date of death	Abdul Azim al-Deeb (Arabic: عبد العظيم الديب‎) (1929 - 5 January 2010) was a professor at Qatar University.	Abdul Azim al-Deeb	5 January 2010
date of death	James Leonard Corning (1855 -- 1923) was an American neurologist, mainly known for his early experiments on neuraxial blockade in New York City.	James Leonard Corning	1923
date of death	Albrecht Fleckenstein (3 March 1917 -- 4 April 1992) was a German pharmacologist and physiologist best known for his discovery of calcium channel blockers.	Albrecht Fleckenstein	4 April 1992
date of death	Beda Mayr was a Bavarian Benedictine philosopher, apologist, and poet (born 15 January 1742 at Daiting near Augsburg; died 28 April 1794, in the monastery of Heiligenkreuz in Donauworth.	Beda Mayr	28 April 1794
date of death	Rudolph Dittrich (23 December 1850, Breslau - 19 December 1922, Breslau ) was a German entomologist specialising in Coleoptera and Hymenoptera.	Rudolph Dittrich	19 December 1922
date of death	Ozias Thurston Linley (1765--1831) was one of seven musical siblings born to the composer Thomas Linley the elder and his wife Mary Johnson.	Ozias Thurston Linley	1831
date of death	Thomas Fitzmaurice, 18th Baron Kerry and Baron Lixnaw (1574--1630) was an Irish military leader in the Nine Years' War.	Thomas Fitzmaurice, 18th Baron Kerry	1630
date of death	Da Lam Tserenchimed (Mongolian: Да лам Цэрэнчимэд, Standard Tibetan: ཏཱ་བླ་མ་ཚེ་རིང་འཆི་མེད།; 1869 -- 1914) was a prominent lama and early 20th century Mongolian independence leader.	Da Lam Tserenchimed	1914
date of death	Thomas Blague (or Blage) (c.1545--1611) was an English churchman and author, dean of Rochester from 1592.	Thomas Blague	1611
date of death	Friedrich Freiherr von Broich (1 January 1896 -- 24 September 1974) was a German career military officer and panzer commander in World War II. On 12 May 1943, Von Broich was captured by the British Army along with the remnants of the 10th Panzer Division in Tunisia.	Friedrich Freiherr von Broich	24 September 1974
date of death	John Alexander MacWilliam (31 July 1857 -- 13 January 1937), a physiologist at the University of Aberdeen in the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries, was a pioneer in the field of cardiac electrophysiology.	John Alexander MacWilliam	13 January 1937
date of death	Tudur Aled (c. 1465--1525) was a late medieval Welsh poet, born in Llansannan, Denbighshire.	Tudur Aled	1525
date of death	Aharon Goldstein (Hebrew: אהרן גולדשטיין‎‎, born 19 December 1902, died 12 October 1976) was an Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for the Liberal Party and Gahal between 1963 and 1974.	Aharon Goldstein	12 October 1976
date of death	George Rowley (4 April 1782 -- 5 October 1836) was Dean and Master of University College, Oxford and Vice-Chancellor of Oxford University.	George Rowley	5 October 1836
date of death	Paul Löwinger (10 November 1904 -- 17 December 1988) was an Austrian actor, theatre manager and writer.	Paul Löwinger	17 December 1988
date of death	Saints Cantius, Cantianus, and Cantianilla (all died May 31, circa 304 AD) are venerated as saints and martyrs by the Christian church.	Cantius, Cantianus, and Cantianilla	304
date of death	Paul Liao (Chinese: 廖偉志; 5 October 1949 -- 20 May 2015) was a Taiwanese businessman.	Paul Liao	20 May 2015
date of death	Irene Roberts (24 September 1908 - February 1996) better known as her professional name Renee Roberts was an English actress who is best remembered for her portrayal of Miss Ursula Gatsby in Fawlty Towers between 1975 and 1979.	Renee Roberts	February 1996
date of death	Suzanne Spaak (6 July 1905 - 12 August 1944) was a World War II French Resistance operative.	Suzanne Spaak	12 August 1944
date of death	Maurice Beddow Bayly MRCS, LRCP (died 1962) was an English physician, anti-vivisection activist, and anti-vaccination campaigner.	Maurice Beddow Bayly	1962
date of death	John Michael Berning (1941 - 2006): librarian, anglican, bell ringer and author.	Michael Berning	2006
date of death	Rear Admiral John Moresby (15 March 1830 -- 12 July 1922) was a British Naval Officer who explored the coast of New Guinea and discovered the site of Port Moresby.	John Moresby	12 July 1922
date of death	Rupert Doone (born Ernest Reginald Wollfield in Redditch, Worcestershire 1903 -- 1966) was a British dancer, choreographer, theatre director, and teacher in London.	Rupert Doone	1966
date of death	Emanuele Gerada (18 May 1920 -- 21 January 2011) was a Maltese prelate of the Roman Catholic Church and Titular Archbishop of Nomentum.	Emanuele Gerada	21 January 2011
date of death	Hans Ludwig Engel (1630--22 April 1674) was a Roman Catholic canon lawyer, best known as the author of Collegium Universi Juris Canonici.	Hans Ludwig Engel	1674
date of death	William Frederick Steuart (1816--1889) was a Maryland-born medical doctor who served in the Confederate States Army during the American Civil War.	William Frederick Steuart	1889
date of death	Count Sir Luigi Preziosi (29 July 1888 -- 30 July 1965) was a Maltese politician and a doctor who specialized in ophthalmology.	Luigi Preziosi	1965
date of death	Yvonne Jammet (1900 -- 30 August 1967) was a French landscape painter and sculptor, who spent her career in Ireland.	Yvonne Jammet	30 August 1967
date of death	Friedrich Carl Albert Schreuel, also known as Frederik Karel Albert Schreuel and Jan Christian Aelbert Schreuel (14 June 1773 -- 1853), was a Dutch-born painter.	Friedrich Carl Albert Schreuel	1853
date of death	Harry Lawrence Bradfer-Lawrence (1 April 1887 -- 19 October 1965) was an antiquarian with a particular interest in Norfolk and Yorkshire, England.	Harry Lawrence Bradfer-Lawrence	19 October 1965
date of death	Victor Serebriakoff (17 October 1912 -- 1 January 2000) was one of the early members and a leading light of Mensa.	Victor Serebriakoff	1 January 2000
date of death	Duan Ye (simplified Chinese: 段业; traditional Chinese: 段業; pinyin: Duàn Yè; died 401) was the first king of Northern Liang of the Sixteen Kingdoms period in Chinese history.	Duan Ye	401
date of death	Karel Johan Gustav Hartlaub (8 November 1814 -- 29 November 1900) was a German physician and ornithologist.	Gustav Hartlaub	29 November 1900
date of death	Bartholomäus Ziegenbalg (10 July 1682 -- 23 February 1719) was a member of the Lutheran clergy and the first Pietist missionary to India.	Bartholomäus Ziegenbalg	23 February 1719
date of death	Isaac Beeckman (10 December 1588 -- 19 May 1637) was a Dutch philosopher and scientist, who, through his studies and contact with leading natural philosophers, may have ``virtually given birth to modern atomism''.	Isaac Beeckman	19 May 1637
date of death	Tio Tek Djien (also Djin; 2 December 1895 -- 17 December 1975), also styled T. D. Tio, Jr., was a Chinese Indonesian stage manager and playwright turned film producer.	Tio Tek Djien	17 December 1975
date of death	Vinko Coce (22 December 1954 -- 27 October 2013) was a Croatian opera and pop singer.	Vinko Coce	27 October 2013
date of death	Maud de Braose, Baroness Mortimer (1224 -- shortly before 23 March 1301) was a noble heiress, and one of the most important, being a member of the powerful de Braose family which held many lordships and domains in the Welsh Marches.	Maud de Braose, Baroness Mortimer	23 March 1301
date of death	Moncure Robinson (February 2, 1802- November 10, 1891) was an American civil engineer, railroad planner and builder and a railroad and steamboat owner, who is considered one of America's leading Antebellum period civil engineers.	Moncure Robinson	1891
date of death	Ptolemy II Philadelphus (Greek: Πτολεμαῖος Φιλάδελφος, Ptolemaîos Philádelphos, 309--246 BCE) was the king of Ptolemaic Egypt from 283 to 246 BCE.	Ptolemy II Philadelphus	246 BCE
date of death	Neil Aggett (6 October 1953, Nanyuki -- 5 February 1982) was a white South African medical doctor and trade union organiser who died whilst in detention after being arrested by the South African Security Police.	Neil Aggett	5 February 1982
date of death	Lieutenant-General Albemarle Bertie, 9th Earl of Lindsey (17 September 1744 -- 17 September 1818) was a British nobleman and general.	Albemarle Bertie, 9th Earl of Lindsey	17 September 1818
date of death	Sir Bryant Godman Irvine (25 July 1909 -- 3 May 1992) was a Canadian-born British Conservative politician.	Godman Irvine	3 May 1992
date of death	Herman Hotchkiss (1 July 1765 -- 20 February 1836) was an early settler of East Haven, Connecticut and is credited as founder of Fair Haven, Connecticut.	Herman Hotchkiss	20 February 1836
date of death	August Bach (30 August 1897 -- 23 March 1966) was an East German Christian Democratic politician.	August Bach	23 March 1966
date of death	Richard Baret (died 1401), of Eastgate Street, Gloucester, was an English politician.	Richard Baret	1401
date of death	Rajab Ali Tabrizi (died in 1670) was an Iranian and Shiat philosopher and mystic of the 17th century.	Rajab Ali Tabrizi	1670
date of death	James Englebert Teschemacher (b. in Nottingham, England, 11 June 1790; d. near Boston, Massachusetts, 9 November 1853) was a scientist.	James Englebert Teschemacher	9 November 1853
date of death	Don Lusher OBE (6 November 1923 - 5 July 2006) was a jazz and big band trombonist best known for his association with the Ted Heath Big Band.	Don Lusher	5 July 2006
date of death	Dr George Alexander Gibson FRSE FRCPE LLD (1854--1913) was a physician, medical author and amateur geologist.	George Alexander Gibson	1913
date of death	Edward Brabazon, 1st Baron Ardee (c.1548 -- 7 August 1625) was an Anglo-Irish peer.	Edward Brabazon, 1st Baron Ardee	7 August 1625
date of death	Johann Köler (8 March 1826 -- 22 April 1899) was a leader of the Estonian national awakening and a painter.	Johann Köler	22 April 1899
date of death	Giovanni de Gamerra (26 December 1742 -- 29 August 1803) was a cleric, a playwright, and a poet.	Giovanni de Gamerra	29 August 1803
date of death	Michael Davie (15 January 1924 Cranleigh, Surrey -- 7 December 2005, Ewelme, Oxfordshire) was a British journalist.	Michael Davie	7 December 2005
date of death	Margaret Stevenson Miller (1896 -- 1979) was a British lecturer and researcher, who campaigned for women's rights.	Margaret Stevenson Miller	1979
date of death	Josef Bayer (6 March 1852 -- 12 March 1913) was an Austrian composer and the director of the Austrian Court Ballet from 1883 until his death.	Josef Bayer	12 March 1913
date of death	William I of Baux (Occitan: Guilhèm dei Bauç, archaic Guillem or Guilhem dels Baus, French: Guillaume des Baux or du Baus, Latin: Guillelmus de Balcio; c. 1155 -- June 1218) was the Prince of Orange from 1182 until his death.	William I of Baux	1218
date of death	Georg Daniel Teutsch (December 12, 1817, Schässburg, Transylvania - July 2, 1893, Hermannstadt, Transylvania) was a Transylvanian historian and Lutheran (Augsburg Confession) bishop.	Georg Daniel Teutsch	1893
date of death	Dwight James Baum (1886--1939) was an American architect most active in New York and in Sarasota, Florida.	Dwight James Baum	1939
date of death	Dr. Michael Philip West (1888 -- 1973) was an English language teacher and researcher who worked extensively in India in the mid 1900s.	Michael Philip West	1973
date of death	Air Vice Marshal Ian Dougald McLachlan, CB, CBE, DFC (23 July 1911 -- 14 July 1991) was a senior commander in the Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF).	Ian Dougald McLachlan	14 July 1991
date of death	Dionigi di Borgo San Sepolcro OESA (Roberti of Roberti, Dennis) (c. 1300 -- 31 March 1342) was an Augustinian monk who was at one time Petrarch's confessor, and who taught Boccaccio at the beginning of his education in the humanities.	Dionigi di Borgo San Sepolcro	31 March 1342
date of death	Sophie Angelika of Württemberg-Oels (30 May 1677 - 11 November 1700), was a Duchess of Württemberg-Oels by birth and by marriage Duchess of Saxe-Zeitz-Pegau-Neustadt.	Sophie Angelika of Württemberg-Oels	11 November 1700
date of death	François Dufault (or Dufaut) (before 1604 (?) -- ca. 1672?) was a French lutenist and composer.	François Dufault	1672
date of death	Sangeetha Kalanidhi Maharajapuram Santhanam (Tamil: மகாராஜபுரம் ஸந்தானம்), (December 3, 1928-June 24, 1992) was one of the great Carnatic music vocalists of the 20th century.	Maharajapuram Santhanam	1992
date of death	Roland (Frankish: Hruodland) (died 15 August 778) was a Frankish military leader under Charlemagne who became one of the principal figures in the literary cycle known as the Matter of France.	Roland	15 August 778
date of death	Robert Hallam (aka Alum or Halam; died 4 September 1417) was an English churchman, Bishop of Salisbury and English representative at the Council of Constance.	Robert Hallam	4 September 1417
date of death	John Blackwall (20 January 1790 -- May 1881) was a British naturalist with a particular interest in spiders.	John Blackwall	May 1881
date of death	Lady Julia Namier (also known as Iulia de Beausobre, née Iulia Michaelovna Kazarina) (1893-1977) was a Russian writer, who married the British historian Lewis Bernstein Namier.	Julia Namier	1977
date of death	Claudio de Arciniega (Spanish pronunciation: (ˈklauðjo ðe arθiˈnjeɣa); c. 1520--1593) was a Spanish architect and sculptor.	Claudio de Arciniega	1593
date of death	Anders Daae (21 April 1838 -- 19 December 1910) was a Norwegian prison director.	Anders Daae	19 December 1910
date of death	Abner of Burgos (ca. 1270 -- ca. 1347, or a little later) was a Jewish philosopher, a convert to Christianity and polemical writer against his former religion.	Abner of Burgos	1347
date of death	Sighsten Herrgård (8 January 1943 -- 20 November 1989) was a Finnish-born Swedish fashion designer and major trendsetter in Stockholm.	Sighsten Herrgård	20 November 1989
date of death	Nicolau dos Reis Lobato (24 May 1946 -- 31 December 1978) was an East-Timorese politician and national hero.	Nicolau dos Reis Lobato	31 December 1978
date of death	Carroll Glenn (28 October 1918 -- 25 April 1983) was an American violinist and music educator.	Carroll Glenn	25 April 1983
date of death	Kamalesh Maitra (28 April 1928 -- 22 April 2005), often referred to by the title Pandit, was an Indian classical musician, composer and teacher.	Kamalesh Maitra	22 April 2005
date of death	Addac or Attaces (died 418) was king of the western Alans in Hispania (the Iberian Peninsula, modern Spain and Portugal).	Attaces	418
date of death	Sir William Soame, 1st Baronet (also Soames) (c.1645--1686) was an English translator and diplomat.	Sir William Soame, 1st Baronet	1686
date of death	William Ermested BD DCanL (d. 1558) was a Canon of Windsor from 1554 - 1558 and Master of the Temple.	William Ermested	1558
date of death	Frederick Christian Lewis (1779--1856) was an English etcher, aquatint and stipple engraver, landscape and portrait painter and the brother of Charles Lewis (1786--1836).	Frederick Christian Lewis	1856
date of death	John Martin Howard (20 August 1917--11 June 1942) was born in Chester, Pennsylvania, and enlisted in the United States Naval Reserve on 22 June 1935.	John Martin Howard	1942
date of death	Agostino Recuperati (died 1540) was the Master of the Order of Preachers from 1539 to 1540.	Agostino Recuperati	1540
date of death	Sydney Watson OBE (1903--1991) was an English church musician.	Sydney Watson	1991
date of death	Vekoslav Grmič (4 June 1923 -- 21 March 2005) was a Slovenian Roman Catholic bishop and theologian, known for his sympathy towards Socialist ideas.	Vekoslav Grmič	21 March 2005
date of death	Sverre Bergh (1 November 1920 -- 30 April 2006) was a Norwegian engineer who served as a spy in Nazi Germany during World War II.	Sverre Bergh	2006
date of death	Jock Young (4 March 1942 -- 16 November 2013) was a sociologist and criminologist.	Jock Young	16 November 2013
date of death	Juš Kozak (26 June 1892 -- 29 August 1964), also known under the pseudonym Jalanov, was a Slovenian writer, playwright, and editor.	Juš Kozak	29 August 1964
date of death	Ernst van Heerden (20 March 1916 -- 30 September 1997) was a leading Afrikaans poet.	Ernst van Heerden	30 September 1997
date of death	Albino Bernardini (18 October 1917 -- 31 March 2015) was an Italian writer and pedagogue.	Albino Bernardini	31 March 2015
date of death	Scorpus (c. 68--95 AD) was a famous charioteer in Roman times who lived at the end of the 1st century AD.	Scorpus	95
date of death	Kunga Lekpa (Tibetan: ཀུན་དགའ་ལེགས་པ, Wylie: Kun dga legs pa, 1433--1483) was a King of Tibet who ruled from 1448 to 1481.	Kunga Lekpa	1483
date of death	Malladi Venkata Satyanarayana Rao (మల్లాది వెంకట సత్యనారాయణ రావు) (6 May 1932 -- 1 November 1996) was a violinist and radio artist, honoured with the title Sangeetha Kalanidhi.	Malladi Venkata Satyanarayana Rao	1 November 1996
date of death	David Anthony Hilton Yates, FRCP (born 15 August 1930, died 13 September 2004), known as Anthony Yates, was an English rheumatologist and consultant, president of the British Association for Rheumatology and of the Rheumatology and Rehabilitation Section of the Royal Society of Medicine.	Anthony Yates	13 September 2004
date of death	Ezekiel Hopkins (died 1690) was an Anglican divine in the Church of Ireland, who was Bishop of Derry from 1681 to 1690.	Ezekiel Hopkins	1690
date of death	Major Samuel Hill Lawrence VC (22 January 1831 -- 17 June 1868), born in Cork, was an Irish recipient of the Victoria Cross, the highest and most prestigious award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth forces.	Samuel Hill Lawrence	17 June 1868
date of death	Mary Olive Edis, later Edis-Galsworthy (3 September 1876 - 28 December 1955) was a British photographer who was famous for autochrome phototographs and portrait photography.	Olive Edis	28 December 1955
date of death	William Ludlam (1717--1788) was an English clergyman and mathematician.	William Ludlam	1788
date of death	Matti Oravisto (23 October 1921 -- 15 November 2001) was a Finnish actor who appeared in theatre, film and television.	Matti Oravisto	15 November 2001
date of death	Charles Deslondes was one of the slave leaders of the 1811 German Coast Uprising, a slave revolt that began on January 8, 1811, in the Territory of Orleans.	Charles Deslondes	1811
date of death	Air Vice-Marshal John Frederick Powell OBE (12 June 1915 -- 24 November 2008) was a long-serving officer at RAF College Cranwell.	John Frederick Powell	24 November 2008
date of death	Walter Tennyson (1899-1980) was a British actor and film director of the silent era.	Walter Tennyson	1980
date of death	Mehmet Cevat Abbas Gürer (1887 -- July 4, 1943) was an officer of the Ottoman Army and Turkish Army.	Cevat Abbas Gürer	1943
date of death	Edward C. Krause (December 14, 1914 -- November 20, 1950) was an American politician and businessman from Wisconsin.	Edward C. Krause	1950
date of death	George Gavan Duffy (Irish: Seoirse Gabhán Ó Dubhthaigh; 21 October 1882 -- 10 June 1951) was an Irish politician, barrister and judge.	George Gavan Duffy	10 June 1951
date of death	Newton Horace Winchell (1839--1914) was an American geologist responsible for the six-volume The Geology of Minnesota:	Newton Horace Winchell	1914
date of death	Bhabesh Chandra Sanyal commonly known as B. C. Sanyal (22 April 1901 -- 9 August 2003), the doyen of modernism in Indian art, was an Indian painter and sculptor and an Art teacher to three generations of artists.	B. C. Sanyal	9 August 2003
date of death	Samuele Levi (1813 -- 6 January 1883) was an Italian composer born in Venice.	Samuele Levi	6 January 1883
date of death	Thomas Downing (1928--1985) was an American painter, associated with the Washington Color Field Movement.	Thomas Downing	1985
date of death	Eduard Holst (1843 -- 4 February 1899) was a Danish playwright, composer, actor, dancer, and dance master.	Eduard Holst	4 February 1899
date of death	Johnny Almond (29 July 1946 -- 18 November 2009) was a British musician, who is best known for his recordings with the Alan Price Set, Fleetwood Mac, John Mayall and Mark-Almond.	Johnny Almond	18 November 2009
date of death	Joseph Crane Hartzell (1 June 1842 -- 6 September 1929) was an American Missionary Bishop of the Methodist Episcopal Church who served in the United States and in Africa.	Joseph Crane Hartzell	6 September 1929
date of death	Stephen Lefeaver (born 1791 in Marden, Kent; died 26 July 1867 in Marden) was an English first-class cricketer associated with Kent who was active in the 1820s.	Stephen Lefeaver	26 July 1867
date of death	Jonathan Dymond (1796--1828) was an English Quaker and an ethical philosopher who is known for his monograph An Enquiry into the Accordancy of War with the Principles of Christianity.	Jonathan Dymond	1828
date of death	François Vavasseur (English: Francois Vavasseur; 8 December 1605, at Paray-le-Monial -- 16 December 1681 at Paris, France) was a French Jesuit humanist and controversialist.	François Vavasseur	16 December 1681
date of death	Karl Volk (1 April 1896 -- March 1961) was a Communist politician, journalist and German Resistance fighter against Nazism.	Karl Volk	March 1961
date of death	Queen Tufa (禿髮王后, personal name unknown) (died 423) was a queen of the Chinese/Xianbei state Western Qin.	Queen Tufa	423
date of death	Rabbi Jacob Pollak (other common spelling Yaakov Pollack) was the founder of the Polish method of halakhic and Talmudic study known as the Pilpul; born about 1460; died at Lublin in 1541.	Jacob Pollak	1541
date of death	Elazar Abuhatzeira (9 August 1948 -- 29 July 2011) was an Orthodox Sefardi rabbi and kabbalist, known among his followers as the ``Baba Elazar.''	Elazar Abuhatzeira	29 July 2011
date of death	Adrien Karbowsky (15 December 1855 -- 14 March 1945) was a French painter, decorator and architect, He is known for his Art Nouveau murals and tapestry designs.	Adrien Karbowsky	1945
date of death	Akhter Husain (Urdu: اختر حسین), HPk, OBE, (1 March 1902 -- 15 July 1983) was an eminent senior statesman and civil servant of Pakistan.	Akhter Husain	15 July 1983
date of death	Quamina was implicated in the revolt by the colonial authorities, apprehended and executed on 16 September 1823.	Quamina	16 September 1823
date of death	Mitchell Campbell King (born June 1815 in Charleston, South Carolina; died 1901) was a planter and physician in the Carolinas.	Mitchell Campbell King	1901
date of death	John Roques (March 2, 1783 -- December 31, 1857) was an early citizen of St. Louis, Missouri.	John Roques	1857
date of death	Saint Gianna Beretta Molla (4 October 1922 -- 28 April 1962) was an Italian pediatrician who was also a wife and a mother.	Gianna Beretta Molla	28 April 1962
date of death	Richard Coleman, better known as Dick Corbett (28 September 1908 -- 3 March 1943), was a two-time British bantamweight champion.	Dick Corbett	3 March 1943
date of death	Rowland Searchfield (Roland) (c. 1565 -- 11 October 1622) was an English academic and bishop.	Rowland Searchfield	1622
date of death	Michel Bibaud (19 January 1782 -- 3 August 1857) was a Canadian writer and educator in Montreal, Quebec.	Michel Bibaud	3 August 1857
date of death	Theodor Caspari (13 February 1853 -- 12 February 1948) was a Norwegian poet, novelist, travel writer, literary critic and teacher.	Theodor Caspari	1948
date of death	Adolph F. Meyer (c. 1899 -- 1988) is an American pastor who died in Newark, New Jersey.	Adolph F. Meyer	1988
date of death	Otto, Lord of Arkel (c. 1330 -- 26 March or 1 April 1396) was Lord of Arkel from 6 May 1360 until his death.	Otto, Lord of Arkel	1396
date of death	Arthur Coulin (20 September 1869 -- 9 November 1912) was an Austro-Hungarian Romanian painter and art critic.	Arthur Coulin	9 November 1912
date of death	Sir Thomas Nott (11 December 1606 -- 1681) was an English royalist army officer and an original fellow of the Royal Society.	Thomas Nott	1681
date of death	Lorraine Fox (1922--1976) was an American illustrator and commercial artist who illustrated magazines, book covers, and advertisements.	Lorraine Fox	1976
date of death	Gotthard Deutsch (31 January 1859 -- 14 October 1921), also spelled Gottard Deutsch, was a scholar of Jewish history.	Gotthard Deutsch	14 October 1921
date of death	Lionel Eric Hayward (more commonly known as Eric Hayward; 2 August 1917 -- 1976) was an English professional footballer who played as a defender.	Eric Hayward	1976
date of death	Conny Vandenbos (16 January 1937 -- 7 April 2002) was a popular Dutch singer.	Conny Vandenbos	7 April 2002
date of death	Maurice Loyal Huggins (19 September 1897 - 17 December 1981) was a scientist who independently conceived the idea of hydrogen bonding and who was an early advocate for their role in stabilizing protein secondary structure.	Maurice Loyal Huggins	17 December 1981
date of death	Henry Curtis Meanor (or H. Curtis Meanor, 1929--2008) was a former United States federal judge.	Henry Curtis Meanor	2008
date of death	Sanshi Imai (今井 三子, 1900--1976) was a Japanese mycologist of Hokkaido Imperial University.	Sanshi Imai	1976
date of death	The Dryburne Martyrs, Richard Hill, Richard Holiday, John Hogg and Edmund Duke (all died 27 May 1590) were English Roman Catholic priests and martyrs, executed at Dryburne, County Durham, in the reign of Elizabeth I. Not much is known of their early lives.	Dryburne Martyrs	27 May 1590
date of death	Kenneth Steel (RBA, SGA, 9 July 1906 -- 1970) was a British artist creating works of art primarily in watercolor.	Kenneth Steel	1970
date of death	Cécile Cerf (12 January 1916 -- 29 December 1973) was a member of the French Resistance during World War II. During World War II, Cerf played an active role in the Main-d'œuvre immigrée groups under the aegis of the FTP-MOI resistance movement.	Cécile Cerf	29 December 1973
date of death	Alfred Klee (25 January 1875 - 10 November 1943) was the younger associate of Theodor Herzl and one of the earliest leaders of German Zionism.	Alfred Klee	10 November 1943
date of death	Chong Chee Kin (c.1973 -- 1 November 2012) was a Singaporean journalist who worked for The Straits Times.	Chong Chee Kin	1 November 2012
date of death	Ignacy Hryniewiecki (Russian: Игнатий Иоахимович Гриневицкий; Ignaty Ioakhimovich Grinevitsky; 1856 -- 13 March 1881) (Party name: Kotik, Russian for ``Kitten'') was a member of the People's Will and the principal assassin of Tsar Alexander II of Russia.	Ignacy Hryniewiecki	13 March 1881
date of death	Leszek of Dobrzyń (pl: Leszek dobrzyński; bef. 1302 - bef. 10 July 1316), was a Polish prince member of the House of Piast and Duke of Dobrzyń during 1312-1316 with his brothers.	Leszek of Dobrzyń	1312
date of death	Suzanne Gabriello (born Suzanne Yvonne Henriette Marie Galopet; 24 January 1932 -- died 9 August 1992) was a French singer and actress.	Suzanne Gabriello	9 August 1992
date of death	The Reverend William Wilks (1843--1923) was a notable British horticulturalist and clergyman.	William Wilks	1923
date of death	René Sommer (1951 - 5 October 2009) was a Swiss inventor and computer programmer, credited as a co-inventor of the computer mouse.	René Sommer	5 October 2009
date of death	Martin Berkofsky (9 April 1943 -- 30 December 2013) was an American classical pianist, known primarily for his interpretations of music by Franz Liszt and Alan Hovhaness.	Martin Berkofsky	30 December 2013
date of death	Gigi Reder (25 March 1928 -- 8 October 1998) was an Italian character actor, best known for the role of Filini in the Fantozzi film series.	Gigi Reder	8 October 1998
date of death	Lill Tschudi (1911--2004) was a Swiss artist associated with the Grosvenor School of Modern Art.	Lill Tschudi	2004
date of death	Colleen Madamombe (born 1964, died 31-May-2009) was a Zimbabwean sculptor.	Colleen Madamombe	31-May-2009
date of death	Kostas Papachristos (Greek: Κώστας Παπαχρήστος; 1916 -- 1995) was a Greek actor who was known for his comedic acting roles.	Kostas Papachristos	1995
date of death	Adam von Trautmannsdorf (1579 - 1617), kaiserlicher Kämmerer und oberster Kriegsrat, general of the Croatian and Austrian Littoral.	Adam von Trautmannsdorf	1617
date of death	William Hilton RA (3 June 1786 -- 30 December 1839), was an English portrait and history painter.	William Hilton	30 December 1839
date of death	Sir Ralph Winwood (c. 1563 -- 27 October 1617) was an English diplomat and statesman to the Jacobean court.	Ralph Winwood	1617
date of death	Eileen Colgan (1933/1934 -- 10 March 2014) was an Irish theatre, television and film actress.	Eileen Colgan	10 March 2014
date of death	Dragut (Turkish: Turgut Reis) (1485 -- 23 June 1565) was an Ottoman Greek Admiral and privateer who also served as Bey of Algiers;	Dragut	23 June 1565
date of death	Sesson Shukei (orig. Satake Heizo) (1504-1589) was a Japanese Zen monk and painter from the Muromachi period born in what is modern day Ibaragi Prefecture.	Sesson Shukei	1589
date of death	Albert de Rippe (Alberto da Ripa) (c. 1500--1551) was an Italian lutenist and composer.	Albert de Rippe	1551
date of death	Beryl Mercer (13 August 1882 -- 28 July 1939) was an actress of stage and screen who was based in the United States.	Beryl Mercer	28 July 1939
date of death	Samuel Mugglestone (1765 -- 11 December 1839) was an English professional cricketer who made 3 known appearances in major cricket matches from 1789 to 1791.	Samuel Mugglestone	11 December 1839
date of death	Richenza of Northeim (c. 1087/1089 -- 10 June 1141), a member of the comital House of Northeim, was Duchess of Saxony from 1106, German queen (formally Queen of the Romans) from 1125 and Holy Roman Empress from 1133 until the death of her husband Lothair of Supplinburg in 1137.	Richenza of Northeim	10 June 1141
date of death	Maestro Aldo Piga was a music composer from 1928 to 1994 in New York, USA.	Aldo Piga	1994
date of death	Taillefer embarked from the shore of Normandy where the Allies landed on D-Day in World War II. The Battle of Hastings was on 14 October 1066, and Taillefer died on that day;	Taillefer	14 October 1066
date of death	Ndre Mjeda (20 November 1866 -- 1 August 1937) was an Albanian poet and activist.	Ndre Mjeda	1 August 1937
date of death	Thomas Nugent, 6th Earl of Westmeath KP PC (Ire) (April 1714 -- 7 September 1792), styled Lord Delvin from 1752 to 1754 was an Irish peer and freemason.	Thomas Nugent, 6th Earl of Westmeath	7 September 1792
date of death	Faye Tso (1933-2004) was a Navajo potter and herbal medicine healer.	Faye Tso	2004
date of death	Pierino Baffi (15 September 1930 -- 27 March 1985) was an Italian road bicycle racer from Vailate.	Pierino Baffi	27 March 1985
date of death	William Brace (23 September 1865 -- 12 October 1947) was a Welsh trade unionist and Liberal and Labour politician.	William Brace	12 October 1947
date of death	Patrick Gwynne (1913--2003) was a British modernist architect with Welsh roots, best known for designing and building The Homewood, which he left to the National Trust in 2003.	Patrick Gwynne	2003
date of death	Ciril Cvetko (8 January 1920 -- 18 January 1999) was a Slovene composer and conductor, brother of the musicologist Dragotin Cvetko.	Ciril Cvetko	18 January 1999
date of death	Thomas Bull (c. 1605 -- October 12, 1684), also known as Captain Thomas Bull, was an early settler in the Connecticut Colony who is counted as one of the founders of Hartford, Connecticut.	Thomas Bull	1684
date of death	Edward Wilkinson (1846--1918) was an American naturalist and museum curator.	Edward Wilkinson	1918
date of death	Harvey H. Cluff (1836--1916) was a business, civic and educational leader in late-19th-century Provo, Utah.	Harvey H. Cluff	1916
date of death	Roderick Macalpine Downie (ca. 1934--1986) was an English multihull sailboat designer and sailor.	Roderick Macalpine Downie	1986
date of death	Carlos Arzani (27 November 1909 -- 30 January 1952) was an Argentine driver, born in Buenos Aires, who raced private Alfa Romeos, mostly in South America.	Carlos Arzani	30 January 1952
date of death	George Cedric Wright (April 13, 1889 -- 1959) was an American violinist and wilderness photographer of the High Sierra.	Cedric Wright	1959
date of death	Duke Nicholas of Württemberg (German: Herzog Nikolaus von Württemberg; 1 March 1833 -- 22 February 1903) was an officer in the army of the Austrian Empire.	Duke Nicholas of Württemberg	22 February 1903
date of death	Abram Newman (1736--1799) (aka Abraham Newman) was a partner in one of the leading grocers in 18th century London that imported a wide range of produce including tea, coffee, sugar and spices.	Abram Newman	1799
date of death	Roy Finlayson (31 March 1909 -- 19 July 1997) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Fitzroy in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Roy Finlayson	19 July 1997
date of death	Mund and Maire, Johannes Ludwig Leopold Mund (1791 Berlin - 1831) and Louis Maire, also born in Berlin of French parents, were two natural history collectors who arrived in the Cape Colony on 13 October 1816, and were sponsored by the Museum of Natural History in Berlin.	Mund and Maire	1831
date of death	Haim-Moshe Shapira (Hebrew: חיים משה שפירא‎, 26 March 1902 -- 16 July 1970) was a key Israeli politician in the early days of the state's existence.	Haim-Moshe Shapira	16 July 1970
date of death	Francis Rawdon Chesney (16 March 1789 -- 30 January 1872) was a British general and explorer.	Francis Rawdon Chesney	30 January 1872
date of death	Thomas Baynham (1536-1611) was Lord of the Manor of Clearwell, in the Forest of Dean, Gloucestershire.	Thomas Baynham	1611
date of death	Andrew Vázsonyi (1916--2003), also known as Endre Weiszfeld and Zepartzatt Gozinto) was a mathematician and operations researcher.	Andrew Vázsonyi	2003
date of death	Karl Fabel (born October 20, 1905 -- 3 March 1975 Pischertshofen) is considered to have been one of the most ingenious chess composers.	Karl Fabel	3 March 1975
date of death	Dirk Bach (23 April 1961 -- 1 October 2012) was a German television comedy actor, best known as co-host of Ich bin ein Star --	Dirk Bach	1 October 2012
date of death	Nils Holmer (1904--1994) was a Swedish linguist who carried out significant fieldwork into the Scottish Gaelic, in particular the southern dialects of Kintyre, Arran and Argyll and published several key books and articles on the topic.	Nils Holmer	1994
date of death	Sri Paduka Tuanku Sultan Otteman II Perkasa 'Alam Shah ibni al-Marhum Sultan 'Amal ud-din al-Sani Perkasa 'Alam Shah (1945-1967) was a former Sultan of Deli, in which the kingdom's capital was Medan, in North Sumatra.	Tuanku Sultan Otteman II	1967
date of death	Pieter Cramer (21 May 1721 (baptized) -- 28 September 1776), was a wealthy Dutch merchant in linen and Spanish wool, remembered as an entomologist.	Pieter Cramer	28 September 1776
date of death	Robert Waithman (1764 -- 6 February 1833), Lord Mayor of London, was born at Wrexham.	Robert Waithman	6 February 1833
date of death	Sir Edward Bashe (died 12 May 1653) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons between 1628 and 1640.	Edward Bashe	12 May 1653
date of death	Wanda Błeńska, also spelled Wanda Blenska (30 October 1911 -- 27 November 2014), was a Polish leprosy expert and missionary who succeeded to develop the Buluba Hospital in Uganda into an internationally recognized centre for leprosy treatment.	Wanda Błeńska	27 November 2014
date of death	Giulio Quaglio III (1764 in Laino -- 30 January 1801 in Munich) was a scenic designer and architect from a branch of the Quaglio family of artists that moved to Germany in the 18th Century and was the last to be born in the family's home town.	Giulio Quaglio III	30 January 1801
date of death	Paddy Bedford (circa 1922 -- 14 July 2007), aka ``Goowoomji'', was a contemporary Indigenous Australian artist from Warmun in the Kimberley, and one of eight Australian artists selected for an architectural commission for the Musée du quai Branly.	Paddy Bedford	14 July 2007
date of death	Li Xiaowen (Chinese: 李小文; pinyin: Lǐ Xiǎowén; 2 March 1947 -- 10 January 2015), also known as ``Shoes academician'' (Chinese: 布鞋院士) and ``Sweeping monk'' (Chinese: 扫地僧), was a Chinese scientist and professor at Beijing Normal University.	Li Xiaowen	10 January 2015
date of death	Menko Bormanzhinov (1855 -- 1919) was a Buddhist priest of Kalmyk origin who was born in the Bokshirgankan aimak in the Salsk District of the Don Cossack Host sometime in 1855.	Menko Bormanzhinov	1919
date of death	Saint Perpetuus (French: Saint-Perpetue) (died December 30, 490 AD) was the sixth Bishop of Tours, from 460 to 490.	Saint Perpetuus	490
date of death	Vice Admiral Sir (Frank) Forrester Rose KCB DSO (1878 -- 3 March 1955) was a Royal Navy officer who went on to be Commander-in-Chief, East Indies Station.	Forrester Rose	3 March 1955
date of death	Reşid Mehmed Pasha, also known as Kütahı (Greek: Μεχμέτ Ρεσίτ πασάς Κιουταχής, 1780--1839), was a prominent Ottoman statesman and general who reached the post of Grand Vizier in the first half of the 19th century, playing an important role in the Greek War of Independence.	Reşid Mehmed Pasha	1839
date of death	Charles Golding Constable (1821--1878) was a member of the British East India Company's navy, joining up in his youth.	Charles Golding Constable	1878
date of death	Jacob Philipp Hackert (15 September 1737 -- 28 April 1807) was a landscape painter from Brandenburg, who did most of his work in Italy.	Jacob Philipp Hackert	28 April 1807
date of death	Ken Carlon (5 October 1923 -- 5 January 2004) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Ken Carlon	5 January 2004
date of death	Datuk Abdullah Hussain (25 March 1920 -- 31 December 2014) was a Malaysian novelist and writer.	Abdullah Hussain	31 December 2014
date of death	Mael Ruanaidh Ua Dubhda, died 1005.	Mael Ruanaidh Ua Dubhda	1005
date of death	Gailene Stock (28 January 1946 -- 29 April 2014) CBE AM was an Australian-born ballerina, teacher and Director of the Royal Ballet School in Covent Garden.	Gailene Stock	29 April 2014
date of death	Rosario E. Aguilar (ca. 1792 -- 1847) was an early settler of San Diego, California.	Rosario E. Aguilar	1847
date of death	Thomas Manners, 1st Earl of Rutland, 12th Baron de Ros of Helmsley (c. 1492 -- 20 September 1543), KG, of Belvoir Castle, Rutland, was created Earl of Rutland by King Henry VIII in 1525.	Thomas Manners, 1st Earl of Rutland	20 September 1543
date of death	Prince Bernhard of Saxe-Weimar-Eisenach (Bernhard Carl Alexander Hermann Heinrich Wilhelm Oscar Friedrich Franz Peter; 18 April 1878 -- 1 October 1900) was a member of the Grand Ducal House of Saxe-Weimar-Eisenach and a Lieutenant in the Prussian Army.	Prince Bernhard of Saxe-Weimar-Eisenach	1 October 1900
date of death	Malcolm Fleming, 3rd Lord Fleming (c. 1494 -- 10 September 1547), was Lord Chamberlain of Scotland to King James V, from 1524.	Malcolm Fleming, 3rd Lord Fleming	10 September 1547
date of death	Charles Jean Baptiste Collin-Mezin (1841--1923) was a distinguished French maker of violins, violas, cellos, basses and bows.	Charles Jean Baptiste Collin-Mezin	1923
date of death	James Bainham (died 1532) was an English lawyer and Protestant reformer, burned as a heretic in 1532.	James Bainham	1532
date of death	Johannes Thienemann (12 November 1863 -- 12 April 1938) was a German ornithologist and a pioneer bird bander who established the Rossitten Bird Observatory, the world's first.	Johannes Thienemann	12 April 1938
date of death	Humayun Ahmed (pronounced: (ɦumae̯un aɦmed̪); 13 November 1948 -- 19 July 2012) was a Bangladeshi writer, dramatist, screenwriter and filmmaker.	Humayun Ahmed	19 July 2012
date of death	After the early death of his father, Ocko II tom Brok (1407--1435) was Chieftain of the Brokmerland and the Auricherland in East Frisia (initially under the guardianship of his grandmother, Foelke).	Ocko II tom Brok	1435
date of death	William Henry James Blakemore (1871, in West Midlands Birmingham, England -- 1945) was an English engraver, and medallist at the Royal Mint London.	William Henry James Blakemore	1945
date of death	Amon Bazira (1944--1993) was a Pan-Africanist leader and organiser who created an extensive intelligence network that was a clandestine component of the struggle to end the regime of Ugandan military dictator and president, Idi Amin.	Amon Bazira	1993
date of death	Sulev Nõmmik (11 January 1931, in Tallinn -- 28 July 1992, in Kuressaare) was an Estonian theatre and movie director, actor, humorist and comedian.	Sulev Nõmmik	28 July 1992
date of death	Bidit Lal Das (15 June 1938 -- 8 October 2012), commonly known as Potol Babu, was a popular Bangladeshi folk singer and composer from Sylhet.	Bidit Lal Das	8 October 2012
date of death	Tore Johansson (19 October 1903 -- 12 May 1971), better known by the stage name Tor Johnson, was a Swedish professional wrestler (billed as The Super Swedish Angel) and actor.	Tor Johnson	12 May 1971
date of death	Ted Shiels (25 June 1908 -- 9 October 1987) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Fitzroy in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Ted Shiels	9 October 1987
date of death	Oskar Halecki (26 May 1891, Vienna -- 17 September 1973, White Plains, New York) was a Polish historian, social and Catholic activist.	Oskar Halecki	17 September 1973
date of death	James Alday (1516-1576?) was a 16th-century English navigator, explorer and privateer.	James Alday	1576
date of death	Otto Carl Friedrich Westphal (1800 -- 1879) was a German physician and Geheimer Sanitätsrath (privy medical counsellor).	Otto Carl Friedrich Westphal	1879
date of death	Francis Tallents (1619--1708) was a non-conforming English Presbyterian clergyman.	Francis Tallents	1708
date of death	After reigning over Hindustani classical music genre, for five decades, as the Queen of Thumri, Shobha Gurtu died on 27 September 2004, and was survived by her two sons.	Shobha Gurtu	27 September 2004
date of death	Lauriston S. Taylor (1 June 1902 - 26 November 2004) was an American physicist known for his work in the field of radiation protection and measurement.	Lauriston S. Taylor	26 November 2004
date of death	Saint Richard Reynolds, O.Ss.S (c. 1492 -- 4 May 1535) was an English Brigittine monk executed in London for refusing the Oath of Supremacy to King Henry VIII of England.	Richard Reynolds	4 May 1535
date of death	John Freningham (1345--1410) was an English politician and a member of Parliament for Kent.	John Freningham	1410
date of death	Augusta Amherst Austen (2 August 1827 -- 5 August 1877) was a British organist and composer, chiefly of hymns.	Augusta Amherst Austen	5 August 1877
date of death	Thomas Clifford, 8th Baron de Clifford, also 8th Lord of Skipton (25 March 1414 -- 22 May 1455), was the elder son of John, 7th Baron de Clifford, and Elizabeth Percy, daughter of Henry ``Hotspur'' Percy and Elizabeth Mortimer.	Thomas Clifford, 8th Baron de Clifford	22 May 1455
date of death	Sir Arthur Lasenby Liberty (13 August 1843 -- 11 May 1917) was a London merchant, and the founder of Liberty & Co. Born in Chesham, Buckinghamshire, England, the son of a draper, he began work at sixteen with an uncle who sold lace, and later another uncle who sold wine.	Arthur Lasenby Liberty	11 May 1917
date of death	Katriel Katz was an Israeli diplomat who died in 1988 at the age of 80.	Katriel Katz	1988
date of death	William Herbert, 1st Baron Powis (c.1573 -- 7 March 1655) was a Welsh politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1597 and 1629.	William Herbert, 1st Baron Powis	7 March 1655
date of death	George Edward Hughes (8 June 1918 -- 4 March 1994) was a philosopher and logician whose principal scholarly works were concerned with modal logic and medieval philosophy.	George Edward Hughes	4 March 1994
date of death	John Bernard O'Hara (29 October 1862 - 31 March 1927) was an Australian poet and schoolmaster.	John Bernard O'Hara	31 March 1927
date of death	Ralph de Diceto (d. ca. 1202) was archdeacon of Middlesex, dean of St Paul's Cathedral (from ca. 1180), and author of two chronicles, the Abbreviationes chronicorum and the Ymagines historiarum.	Ralph de Diceto	1202
date of death	Adrian Hearn (16 March 1920 -- 18 October 1993) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton and Fitzroy in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Adrian Hearn	18 October 1993
date of death	Alwyn Lindsay (4 June 1923 -- 24 August 2001) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Geelong in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Alwyn Lindsay	24 August 2001
date of death	Mike McCluskie (?-1871) was a little-known gambler and occasional lawman from Ohio, who was the instigator of the Gunfight at Hide Park, which took place on August 19, 1871, in Newton, Kansas.	Mike McCluskie	1871
date of death	Jan Janz Slop, or Jan Slob (1643, Edam -- 1727), was a Dutch Golden Age painter.	Jan Janz Slop	1727
date of death	Constantin Tobescu (1893 -- 1951) was a Romanian general of the Romanian Gendarmerie (Jandarmeria) during World War II, deserter on August 23, 1944, one of the principal executors of Antonescu's racial purity policies.	Constantin Tobescu	1951
date of death	John Boyd Dunlop (5 February 1840 -- 23 October 1921) was a Scottish-born and educated inventor and veterinary surgeon who spent most of his career in Ireland.	John Boyd Dunlop	23 October 1921
date of death	John Wharlton Bunney (20 June 1828 -- 23 September 1882) was an English topographical and landscape artist of the nineteenth century.	John Wharlton Bunney	23 September 1882
date of death	Lieutenant General Edward Wolfe (1685--26 March 1759) was a British army officer who saw action in the War of the Spanish Succession, 1715 Jacobite Rebellion and the War of Jenkins Ear.	Edward Wolfe	1759
date of death	Lloyd Chandler (1896--1978) was an American Appalachian Folk musician and Free Will Baptist preacher from Madison County, North Carolina.	Lloyd Chandler	1978
date of death	Abundius of Umbria (died 303) was a deacon and martyr during the Diocletian persecution.	Abundius of Umbria	303
date of death	John Fursdon, in religion Cuthbert (died 1638), was an English Benedictine monk.	John Fursdon	1638
date of death	John St Clair, Master of Sinclair (5 December 1683 -- 2 November 1750) was a Scottish noble and Tory politician.	John St Clair, Master of Sinclair	2 November 1750
date of death	Janusz Kurczab (6 September 1937 -- 11 April 2015) was a Polish fencer, mountaineer and expedition leader.	Janusz Kurczab	11 April 2015
date of death	Alan Solem, full name George Alan Solem (21 June 1931 -- 26. March 1990) was an American malacologist, a biologist who studied mollusks.	Alan Solem	1990
date of death	William Parr, 1st Baron Parr of Horton (c. 1483 -- 10 September 1547) was the son of William Parr, 1st Baron Parr of Kendal and his second wife, the Hon. Elizabeth Fitzhugh, later Lady Vaux of Harrowden.	William Parr, 1st Baron Parr of Kendal	1547
date of death	John Handfield (circa 1693 - 1787) was a British military officer, member of the Nova Scotia Council, and office holder.	John Handfield	1787
date of death	Frederick W. Stavely (1894-1976) was a researcher at the Firestone Tire & Rubber Company who in 1953, while investigating the reaction of butyl lithium on butadiene discovered that polymerization of isoprene with metallic lithium produced polyisoprene (dubbed ``coral rubber'' because of its appearance) with a high cis content.	Frederick W. Stavely	1976
date of death	Pessah Bar-Adon (Hebrew: פסח בר-אדון; b. 1907, d. 1985) was a Polish-born, Israeli archaeologist and writer.	Pessah Bar-Adon	1985
date of death	Sir Thomas Bathe, 1st Baron Louth (died 1478), was an Irish peer and judge of the fifteenth century.	Thomas Bathe	1478
date of death	John Burdett Wittenoom (24 October 1788 -- 23 January 1855) was a colonial clergyman who was the second Anglican clergyman to perform religious services in the Swan River Colony, Australia, soon after its establishment in 1829.	John Burdett Wittenoom	23 January 1855
date of death	Mahendradatta (961--1011 CE), also known as Gunapriyadharmapatni, was the queen of Bali, the queen consort of Udayana Warmadewa, also popularly known as King Udayana from Warmadewa dynasty.	Mahendradatta	1011
date of death	George Adams Kaufmann, also George Adams and George von Kaufmann, (8 February 1894, Maryampol, Galicia, then part of the Austro-Hungarian Empire -- 30 March 1963, Edgbaston, UK) was a British mathematician, translator and anthroposophist.	George Adams Kaufmann	30 March 1963
date of death	Mina Klabin Warchavchik (born 1896 - death 1969) was a Brazilian landscape architect.	Mina Klabin Warchavchik	1969
date of death	Pat Darling (born 31 August 1913, Casino, New South Wales, Australia -- died 2007) was an Australian servicewoman and nursing sister with the 2/10th Australian General Hospital.	Pat Darling	2007
date of death	Irene McCormack RSJ (21 August 1938 -- 21 May 1991) was an Australian member of the Sisters of St Joseph of the Sacred Heart who worked as a missionary in Peru.	Irene McCormack	21 May 1991
date of death	Johannes Klencke, van Klenck or Klenckius (bapt. 5 March 1620, Amsterdam - early 1672, Batavia, Dutch East Indies) was a Dutch teacher in philosophy at the Athenaeum Illustre in Amsterdam.	Johannes Klencke	1672
date of death	Frédéric Pelletier (1 May 1870 -- 30 May 1944) was a Canadian choir conductor, music educator, composer, music critic, journalist, civil servant, military officer, and physician.	Frédéric Pelletier	30 May 1944
date of death	John Humphreys Davies (15 April 1871 -- 10 August 1926) was a Welsh lawyer, bibliographer and educator.	John Humphreys Davies	10 August 1926
date of death	Aemilia Laracuen (Emilia MacKinley) (1925 -- 2007) was an American artist and muse of poet Robert Graves Aemilia Laracuen inspired many of Graves's love poems and was also the illustrator of one of his best-known poetry anthologies, Love Respelt.	Aemilia Laracuen	2007
date of death	Szymon Goldberg (1 June 1909 -- 19 July 1993) was a Polish-born classical violinist and conductor, latterly an American.	Szymon Goldberg	19 July 1993
date of death	Gómez González de Manzanedo (died 12 October 1182) was a Castilian magnate who governed Calahorra and defended the border with Navarre in the 1150s and 1160s.	Gómez González de Manzanedo	12 October 1182
date of death	Enrico Coleman (21 June 1846 -- 14 February 1911) was an Italian painter of British nationality.	Enrico Coleman	14 February 1911
date of death	Edmund the Martyr (also known as St Edmund or Edmund of East Anglia, died 20 November 869) was king of East Anglia from about 855 until his death.	Edmund the Martyr	20 November 869
date of death	Richard Charles Guthridge (11 June 1837 -- 13 October 1934) was a British merchant seaman and was recognised in 1998 by the Premier of Victoria in Australia as one of the earliest and most significant pioneers of the State.	Richard Charles Guthridge	13 October 1934
date of death	Ralph Latham (17 October 1924 -- 11 June 2012) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Ralph Latham	11 June 2012
date of death	Hilderic (460s -- 533) was the penultimate king of the Vandals and Alans in North Africa in Late Antiquity (523--530).	Hilderic	533
date of death	Massimo Pilotti (1 August 1879 -- 29 April 1962) was an Italian jurist and judge.	Massimo Pilotti	29 April 1962
date of death	Pierre Labatut, also known as Pedro Labatut (Cannes 1776 - Salvador 1849) was a French general who fought in the Brazilian War of Independence.	Pierre Labatut	1849
date of death	Lillias Rumsey Sanford (1850-1940) was the founder of Rumsey Hall School, the second private nondenominational pre-preparatory school in the United States, originally located in Seneca Falls, New York.	Lillias Rumsey Sanford	1940
date of death	Mercy Williams (Malayalam:മേഴ്സി വില്ല്യംസ്; c. 1947 -- 19 November 2014), a teacher turned politician, was the 16th Mayor of Kochi, Kerala, and the first woman to hold that position in Kochi.	Mercy Williams	19 November 2014
date of death	Tore Hedin (7 January 1927 -- 22 August 1952) was a Swedish mass murderer, spree killer and police officer.	Tore Hedin	22 August 1952
date of death	Shi Zhi (Chinese: 石祇; died 351) was briefly, for about one year, an emperor of the Chinese/Jie state Later Zhao.	Shi Zhi	351
date of death	Lena Smedsaas (20 March 1951 -- 6 January 2014) was a Swedish journalist and writer.	Lena Smedsaas	6 January 2014
date of death	Eustace the Monk (Old French: Eustache le Moine; c. 1170 -- 24 August 1217), born Eustace Busket, was a mercenary and pirate, in the tradition of medieval outlaws.	Eustace the Monk	24 August 1217
date of death	Mustafa Rahi, (1931--1986) was a poet of classical and neo classical Urdu Ghazal from Pakistan.	Mustafa Rahi	1986
date of death	Silas Tertius Rand Bill (September 9, 1842 in Liverpool, Nova Scotia- December 1890) was a Nova Scotia born politician, merchant, shipowner and glass sculptor.	Silas Tertius Rand Bill	December 1890
date of death	Ormond Aebi (1916 -- July 2004) was an American beekeeper who was reported to have set the world's record for honey obtained from a single hive in one year, 1974, when 404 pounds of honey were harvested, breaking an unofficial 80-year-old record of 303 pounds held by A. I. Root.	Ormond Aebi	2004
date of death	Hannibal Potter (1592--1664) was an English clergyman and college head in Oxford during the First English Civil War.	Hannibal Potter	1664
date of death	Bartolomé Maximiliano Moré (24 August 1919 -- 19 February 1963), known as Benny Moré, was a famous Cuban singer.	Benny Moré	19 February 1963
date of death	Abu al-Abbas al-Azafi or in full Abu al-Abbas Ahmad abu Abdallah Muhammad ibn Ahmad al-Lakhmi al-Sabti (1162--1236) was a religious and legal scholar and member of the Banu al-Azafi who ruled Ceuta in the 13th century.	Abu al-Abbas al-Azafi	1236
date of death	Fan Changjiang (simplified Chinese: 范长江; traditional Chinese: 范長江; 6 October 1909 -- 23 October 1970), born Fan Xitian (范希天), was a Chinese journalist and writer.	Fan Changjiang	23 October 1970
date of death	Basil Salvadore D'Souza (Konkani: बासिल साल्वादोर डी सोझा (Devanagari), ಬಸಿಲ್ ಸಲ್ವದೊರೆ ದ ಒಜ (Kannada); 23 May 1926 -- 5 September 1996) was the Bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Mangalore from 22 March 1965 until his death on 5 September 1996.	Basil Salvadore D'Souza	5 September 1996
date of death	Olof Åhlström (15 August 1756 -- 11 August 1835) was a Swedish civil servant, composer and music publisher.	Olof Åhlström	11 August 1835
date of death	Adolf Bastian (26 June 1826 -- 2 February 1905) was a 19th-century polymath best remembered for his contributions to the development of ethnography and the development of anthropology as a discipline.	Adolf Bastian	2 February 1905
date of death	Hui Cheung-ching, SBS, JP (4 September 1942, Puning, Guangdong, China -- 6 January 2005, Hong Kong) was the member of the Legislative Council of Hong Kong in 1998--2004 for the Import and Export constituency.	Hui Cheung-ching	6 January 2005
date of death	Karl Jónsson (1135--1213) was an Icelandic writer, poet and clergyman.	Karl Jónsson	1213
date of death	Isa Meireles (c. 1932 -- 27 August 2008) was a Portuguese journalist, reporter and writer.	Isa Meireles	27 August 2008
date of death	Roland Shaw, born Roland Edgar Shaw-Tomkins, (26 May 1920 - 11 May 2012) was an English composer, musical arranger, and orchestra leader.	Roland Shaw	11 May 2012
date of death	Prof William Mackay Davidson FRSE RSM (1909-1991) was a Scottish pathologist, haematologist and expert on human chromosomes.	William Mackay Davidson	1991
date of death	Francesco Laudadio (2 January 1950 -- 6 April 2005) was an Italian director, screenwriter and producer.	Francesco Laudadio	6 April 2005
date of death	Makhdoom Jahaniyan Jahangasht (مخدوم سید جہانیاں جہانگشت البخاری) (b 1308- d 1384) was a famous Sufi saint from the South Asia.	Jahaniyan Jahangasht	1384
date of death	Ferdinand August Maria Franz von Ritgen (11 October 1787 -- 14 April 1867) was a German obstetrician born in the Westphalian village of Wulfen (now part of Dorsten).	Ferdinand August Maria Franz von Ritgen	14 April 1867
date of death	Sabri Kalkandelen (1862, Kalkandelen, Ottoman Empire -- 8 April 1943, Istanbul, Turkey) was a poet and chief of the Istanbul Imperial Library.	Sabri Kalkandelen	8 April 1943
date of death	William Cornysh the Younger (also spelled Cornyshe or Cornish) (1465 -- October 1523) was an English composer, dramatist, actor, and poet.	William Cornysh	1523
date of death	Juan de Tecto (born in Ghent, 1468; died in Honduras, 1526) was a Flemish missionary to the New World.	Juan de Tecto	1526
date of death	Per Lütken was a Danish glassmaker (1916--1998), most famous for his works at Holmegaard Glass Factory (``Holmegaard Glasværk'' in Danish).	Per Lütken	1998
date of death	Vlado Singer (born; 21 October 1908 -- October 1943) was a Kingdom of Yugoslavia politician and a prominent member of the Croatian Ustaše movement.	Vlado Singer	October 1943
date of death	Karl Touton (2 May 1858, Alzey -- 27 September 1934, Wiesbaden) was a German dermatologist and amateur botanist.	Karl Touton	27 September 1934
date of death	Wilson Roy Wheeler (1905-1988) was an Australian postman and professional ornithologist.	Wilson Roy Wheeler	1988
date of death	Vladimir Davydov (December 14 (O.S. December 2) 1871 -- December 27 (O.S. December 14) 1906) was the second son of Lev and Alexandra Davidov and nephew, as well as lover, of the composer Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky, who called him ``Bob''.	Vladimir Davydov	1906
date of death	Ni Yuanlu (Chinese: 倪元璐; pinyin: Ní Yuánlù; Wade--Giles: Ni Yüan-lu; ca. 1593-1644) was a high-ranking official, calligrapher, and painter during the Ming dynasty of Chinese history.	Ni Yuanlu	1644
date of death	Gerald Vann, O.P. (24 August 1906 - 14 July 1963) was a British Roman Catholic theologian and philosopher.	Gerald Vann	14 July 1963
date of death	Daniel Watson (c 1617 - June 1683) was an English lawyer and politician who sat in the House of Commons in 1659 and 1660.	Daniel Watson	1683
date of death	Roberto Frassinelli (1811--1887) was a German archaeologist, naturalist, bibliophile, and a draftsman.	Roberto Frassinelli	1887
date of death	James Cornwalsh (died 1441) was an Irish judge who held the office of Chief Baron of the Irish Exchequer.	James Cornwalsh	1441
date of death	Rajendra Kumar Tuli (20 July 1929 -- 12 July 1999) was an Indian film actor who starred in Bollywood films.	Rajendra Kumar	12 July 1999
date of death	Stoigniew (died October 16, 955) was an Obotrite leader, reigning in the middle of the tenth century.	Stoigniew	955
date of death	Alberto Jonás (June 8, 1868, Madrid -- November 10, 1943, Philadelphia) was a Spanish pianist, composer, and piano pedagogue.	Alberto Jonás	1943
date of death	Dame Julia Myra Hess, DBE (25 February 1890 -- 25 November 1965) was a British pianist.	Myra Hess	25 November 1965
date of death	Aina Erlander (born Andersson; 28 September 1902 -- 24 February 1990) was a Swedish lecturer.	Aina Erlander	24 February 1990
date of death	Bruce Belfrage (30 October 1900 -- August 1974) was an English actor, BBC newsreader and British Liberal Party politician.	Bruce Belfrage	August 1974
date of death	Anthony, Duke of Brabant, also known as Antoine de Brabant, Antoine de Bourgogne and Anthony of Burgundy (August 1384 -- 25 October 1415, at the battle of Agincourt), was Duke of Brabant, Lothier and Limburg.	Anthony, Duke of Brabant	25 October 1415
date of death	Isidoro Diéguez Dueñas (19 January 1909 -- 21 January 1942) was a Spanish bricklayer who joined the Spanish Communist Party, fought in the Spanish Civil War (1936--39) and went into exile.	Isidoro Diéguez Dueñas	21 January 1942
date of death	On the night of 30 June/1 July 1999, in the operations to capture Point 4812, Lieutenant Keishing Clifford Nongrum was tasked to assault the feature from South-Eastern direction.	Keishing Clifford Nongrum	1 July 1999
date of death	Claude Cornish (31 August 1888 -- 25 June 1975) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Claude Cornish	25 June 1975
date of death	Professor Hellmut Wolff (30 March 1906 - 22 March 1986), was a German academic, mystic, Germanic revivalist, and most notably a Pendulum dowser.	Hellmut Wolff	22 March 1986
date of death	José Joaquín de Viana (1718--1773) was a Spanish military and political figure, Governor of Montevideo between 1751 and 1764 and 1771 and 1773.	José Joaquín de Viana	1773
date of death	Tibor Gánti (10 September 1933 -- 15 April 2009) was a Hungarian theoretical biologist and biochemist, who is best known for the chemoton, a model for defining the minimal nature of life.	Tibor Gánti	15 April 2009
date of death	Jan Boldingh (3 January 1915, Buitenzorg -- 4 August 2003, Schiedam) was a noted Dutch chemist.	Jan Boldingh	4 August 2003
date of death	William Lowther, 1st Earl of Lonsdale KG (29 December 1757 -- 19 March 1844) was a British Tory politician and nobleman.	William Lowther, 1st Earl of Lonsdale	19 March 1844
date of death	William Plender, 1st Baron Plender GCB JP DL (20 August 1861 -- 19 January 1946), known as Sir William Plender between 1911 and 1923 and as Sir William Plender, Bt, between 1923 and 1931, was a British chartered accountant and public servant.	William Plender, 1st Baron Plender	19 January 1946
date of death	Charles Henry Hamilton Wright (9 March 1836, Dublin -- 22 March 1909) was an Irish Anglican clergyman.	Charles Henry Hamilton Wright	22 March 1909
date of death	Tawfiq Canaan (Arabic: توفيق كنعان‎) (24 September 1882 -- 15 January 1964) was a pioneering physician, medical researcher, ethnographer and Palestinian nationalist.	Tawfiq Canaan	15 January 1964
date of death	Jane Evans (1907--2004) was the Executive Director of the National Federation of Temple Sisterhoods (now the Women of Reform Judaism) from 1933 to 1976.	Jane Evans	2004
date of death	Rudra Pratap Singh (died 1531) was the founder and first raja of the kingdom that became the princely state of Orchha, India, during the British Raj era.	Rudra Pratap Singh	1531
date of death	Jean Chamoux (1925--2007) was a French photographer who started his career during World War II in the Savoyard bush.	Jean Chamoux	2007
date of death	Írgalach mac Conaing Cuirre (died 702), also called Írgalach ua Conaing, was a King of Brega from the Uí Chonaing sept of Cnogba (Knowth) of the Síl nÁedo Sláine branch of the southern Ui Neill.	Írgalach mac Conaing	702
date of death	William Leader Maberly (1798--1885) spent most of his life as a British army officer and Whig politician.	William Leader Maberly	1885
date of death	Albert Worthy (1 November 1905 -- 1 February 1978) was an English professional footballer who made 332 appearances in the Football League playing for Chesterfield, Lincoln City, Southend United and Rochdale.	Albert Worthy	1 February 1978
date of death	Andrew Pryce Jackman (1946 -- 16 August 2003) was a keyboard player and arranger.	Andrew Pryce Jackman	16 August 2003
date of death	Leslie Edgley (1912--2002) was a mystery fiction writer.	Leslie Edgley	2002
date of death	Louis H. Asbury (1877--1975) was an American architect, a leading architect of Charlotte, North Carolina.	Louis H. Asbury	1975
date of death	Gérard Debreu (French: (dəbʁø); 4 July 1921 -- 31 December 2004) was a French-born American economist and mathematician.	Gérard Debreu	31 December 2004
date of death	Zachary Hickes (1739 -- 25 May 1771) was a Royal Navy officer, second-in-command on Lieutenant James Cook's first voyage to the Pacific and the first among Cook's crew to sight mainland Australia.	Zachary Hickes	25 May 1771
date of death	Patrick Lafcadio Hearn (/hɜːrn/; 27 June 1850 -- 26 September 1904), known also by the Japanese name Koizumi Yakumo (小泉 八雲), was an international writer, known best for his books about Japan, especially his collections of Japanese legends and ghost stories, such as Kwaidan:	Lafcadio Hearn	26 September 1904
date of death	Charles Cornwallis, 1st Earl Cornwallis PC (29 March 1700 -- 23 June 1762), styled The Honourable Charles Cornwallis until 1722 and known as The Lord Cornwallis between 1722 and 1753, was a British peer.	Charles Cornwallis, 1st Earl Cornwallis	23 June 1762
date of death	Jack Vinall (16 December 1910 -- 26 May 1997) was a footballer and a member of the Norwich City Hall of Fame.	Jack Vinall	26 May 1997
date of death	John Lorenzo Christian (15 July 1895 - 28 June 1984) served as Chief Magistrate of the British Overseas Territory of Pitcairn Island, twice, in 1952-54 and 1961-66.	John Lorenzo Christian	28 June 1984
date of death	Rabbi Moshe Shmuel Glasner (1856--1924), a Hungarian Talmudic scholar and communal leader, served as chief rabbi of Klausenburg (Kolozsvár in Humgarian, Cluj in Romanian) from 1877 to 1923.	Moshe Shmuel Glasner	1924
date of death	Hong Shen (Chinese: 洪深; Wade--Giles: Hung Shen; 31 December 1894 -- 29 August 1955) was a Chinese playwright, film director and screenwriter, film and drama theorist, and educator.	Hong Shen	29 August 1955
date of death	David Dietz (October 6, 1897 -- December 9, 1984) was an American science journalist and author.	David Dietz	1984
date of death	Pan Guangdan (Chinese: 潘光旦; 1898--1967) known in English as Quentin Pan, was one of the most distinguished sociologists and eugenicists of China.	Pan Guangdan	1967
date of death	Cynthia Longfield (16 August 1896 -27 June 1991) was an expert on the dragonfly and an explorer.	Cynthia Longfield	1991
date of death	Estelle Liebling (April 21, 1880 -- 1970) was a vocal coach who taught singing using the three-register method.	Estelle Liebling	1970
date of death	Giovanni Bernardino Nanino (ca. 1560 -- 1623) was an Italian composer, teacher and singing master of the late Renaissance and early Baroque eras, and a leading member of the Roman School of composers.	Giovanni Bernardino Nanino	1623
date of death	Egidio De Maulo (4 September 1840 -- 1904) was an Italian painter mainly of landscapes and still lifes.	Egidio De Maulo	1904
date of death	Christine Glanville (28 October 1924 -- 1 March 1999) was an English puppeteer who spent much of her professional life contributing to television series produced by Gerry Anderson.	Christine Glanville	1 March 1999
date of death	Sir William Duff-Gordon, 2nd Baronet (8 April 1772 -- 8 March 1823), known as William Gordon until 1815, was a Scottish politician.	William Duff-Gordon	8 March 1823
date of death	Reverend Sir Charles Clarke, 2nd Baronet was born 15 June 1812 and died 25 April 1899.	Sir Charles Clarke, 2nd Baronet	25 April 1899
date of death	Maud Sulter (19 September 1960 -- 27 February 2008) was a contemporary fine artist and writer of Ghanaian and Scottish heritage who lived and worked in Britain.	Maud Sulter	27 February 2008
date of death	James Tuite (14 November 1849 -- 6 October 1916) was an Irish watchmaker and politician.	James Tuite	6 October 1916
date of death	Ernest Duchesne (30 May 1874 -- 12 April 1912) was a French physician who noted that certain molds kill bacteria.	Ernest Duchesne	12 April 1912
date of death	Willy Birgel (19 September 1891 -- 29 December 1973), born Wilhelm Maria Birgel, was a German theatre and film actor.	Willy Birgel	29 December 1973
date of death	Reginald Purdell (4 November 1895 -- 22 April 1953) was an English actor and screenwriter who appeared in over 40 films between 1930 and 1951.	Reginald Purdell	22 April 1953
date of death	Johan Henrik Virkkunen (1917 - 1963) was a Finnish organizational theorist and Professor of Accounting at the Helsinki School of Economics, whose 1954 textbook Laskentatoimijohdon apuna (Accounting as a Tool of Management) influenced Finnish accountancy thinking for decades.	Henrik Virkkunen	1963
date of death	Heinrich Dernburg (3 March 1829 -- 25 November 1907) was a German jurist, professor, and politician.	Heinrich Dernburg	25 November 1907
date of death	Minnie Devereaux (1891--1984) was a Canadian silent film actress.	Minnie Devereaux	1984
date of death	Augustus Volney Waller FRS (21 December 1816 -- 18 September 1870) was a British neurophysiologist.	Augustus Volney Waller	18 September 1870
date of death	Joel Munsell (born Northfield, Massachusetts, 14 April 1808; died Albany, New York, 15 January 1880) was a United States printer, publisher and author.	Joel Munsell	15 January 1880
date of death	Edward John Burrow (1785 -- 8 August 1861) was an English divine and miscellaneous writer.	Edward John Burrow	8 August 1861
date of death	Ahmed al-Gaddafi al-Qahsi (died 26 July 2011) was the cousin of former Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi.	Ahmed al-Gaddafi al-Qahsi	26 July 2011
date of death	Archibald Pitcairne or Pitcairn (25 December 1652 -- 20 October 1713) was a Scottish physician.	Archibald Pitcairne	20 October 1713
date of death	Abraham van den Blocke (1572 -- 31 January 1628) was an architect and sculptor.	Abraham van den Blocke	31 January 1628
date of death	John Till Allingham (fl. 1799--1810) was an English dramatist.	John Till Allingham	1810
date of death	Peire Raimon de Tolosa or Toloza (fl. 1180--1220) was a troubadour from the merchant class of Toulouse.	Peire Raimon de Tolosa	1220
date of death	Will J. Quinlan (William James Quinlan, 3rd, 1877--1963), artist, was born in Brooklyn on June 27, 1877.	Will J. Quinlan	1963
date of death	Sir William Mather (15 July 1838 -- 18 September 1920) was a British industrialist and Liberal politician who sat in the House of Commons between 1885 and 1904.	William Mather	18 September 1920
date of death	Kelly Bryant (August 28, 1908 - October 1975) served as the Democratic secretary of state of the U.S. state of Arkansas from 1963 until his death nearly thirteen years later.	Kelly Bryant	October 1975
date of death	Alexander Home, 3rd Lord Home (died 1516) was a Scottish soldier and nobleman, Chamberlain of Scotland and March Warden.	Alexander Home, 3rd Lord Home	1516
date of death	Joseph Leary (1831--1881), Australian politician, elected as a member of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly.	Joseph Leary	1881
date of death	Anthony Champney (c. 1569 in England -- c. 1643 in England) was an English Roman Catholic priest and controversialist.	Anthony Champney	1643
date of death	Ran Bosilek (Bulgarian: Ран Босилек) (26 September 1886 in Gabrovo -- 8 October 1958 in Sofia), born Gencho Stanchev Negentsov (Bulgarian: Генчо Станчев Негенцов), was a Bulgarian author of children's books.	Ran Bosilek	8 October 1958
date of death	Chris Pavlou (18 August 1939 -- 15 January 2012) was an Australian rules footballer who played for Carlton in the Victorian Football League between 1958 and 1961.	Chris Pavlou	15 January 2012
date of death	Leonard Hugh Newman, (3 February 1909 - 23 January 1993) always known as L. Hugh Newman, was a British entomologist, author and broadcaster.	L. Hugh Newman	23 January 1993
date of death	Jack Hanbury was a British film producer (died Jan. 1968).	Jack Hanbury	1968
date of death	Richard Paternoster (14 October 1802 - 21 July 1892) was an English civil servant in the East India Company, barrister and founder of the Alleged Lunatics' Friend Society, an organisation that exposed abuses in lunatic asylums and campaigned for the reform of the lunacy laws.	Richard Paternoster	21 July 1892
date of death	Bartholomaeus of Neocastro (c. 1240 -- after 1293) was an Italian jurist, and author of a chronicle called the Historia Sicula, which covers the years from 1250 to 1293.	Bartholomaeus of Neocastro	1293
date of death	Dave Feickert (13 December 1946 -- 2 July 2014) was an international mines safety advisor.	Dave Feickert	2 July 2014
date of death	David Chilton Phillips, Baron Phillips of Ellesmere, KBE, FRS (7 March 1924 -- 23 February 1999) was a pioneering structural biologist and an influential figure in science and government.	David Chilton Phillips	23 February 1999
date of death	James Payn (/peɪn/; 28 February 1830 -- 25 March 1898), was an English novelist.	James Payn	25 March 1898
date of death	Li Xilie (李希烈) (died May 9, 786) was a general of the Chinese Tang Dynasty who, believing himself to be strong enough to claim imperial title, did so as the emperor of a new state of Chu.	Li Xilie	786
date of death	Olaf Helset (28 July 1892 -- 21 August 1960) was a Norwegian military officer with the rank of Major General, and a sports administrator.	Olaf Helset	21 August 1960
date of death	Patrick Stone (14 March 1854 -- 23 December 1926) was a Member of the Western Australian Legislative Assembly from 1901 to 1904, and from 1905 to 1908.	Patrick Stone	23 December 1926
date of death	Louis Friant (18 September 1758 -- 24 June 1829) was born in the village of Morlancourt, 8 km south of Albert near the river Somme.	Louis Friant	24 June 1829
date of death	S. Kanapathipillai (27 June 1899 -- 13 March 1986) was a minority Sri Lankan Tamil literary figure and Hindu revivalist in the school of Arumuga Navalar.	S. Kanapathipillai	13 March 1986
date of death	Hannah Lamdan (Hebrew: חנה למדן‎, born Hannah Lerner on 5 January 1905, died 10 April 1995) was an Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for several left-wing parties between 1949 and 1965.	Hannah Lamdan	10 April 1995
date of death	Sir Berney Brograve, 1st Baronet (10 October 1726 - 23 February 1797) was the eldest son and heir of Thomas Brograve (1691--1753) of Great Baddow, Essex, and his wife Juliana Berney.	Berney Brograve	23 February 1797
date of death	Marvin Mudrick (1921 -- 1986) taught at UC Santa Barbara from 1949 until his death in October 1986.	Marvin Mudrick	1986
date of death	Andreas de Escobar (1348-1448) was a Portuguese Benedictine theologian.	Andreas de Escobar	1448
date of death	Sam Melberg (9 September 1912 -- 11 November 1998) was a Norwegian sports diver and sports instructor.	Sam Melberg	11 November 1998
date of death	Predrag Radovanović (Serbian Cyrillic: Предраг Радовановић) (27 March 1911 -- 1 August 1964) was a Serbian footballer and coach.	Predrag Radovanović	1 August 1964
date of death	Sergey Yustinovich Bagotsky (Russian: Серге́й Юстинович Багоцкий; 15 February 1879 - 15 March 1953) was a Russian Marxist revolutionary and Soviet medicine and Red Cross diplomat, Soviet head of the Red Cross representative mission to Geneva from 1918 to 1936.	Sergey Yustinovich Bagotsky	15 March 1953
date of death	Joseph Deharbe (11 April 1800 at Strasbourg, Alsace -- 8 November 1871 at Maria-Laach) was a French Jesuit theologian and catechist.	Joseph Deharbe	8 November 1871
date of death	Fritz Arno Wagner (5 December 1889 -- 18 August 1958) is considered one of the most acclaimed German cinematographers from the 1920s to the 1950s.	Fritz Arno Wagner	18 August 1958
date of death	Charles Brunsdon Fletcher (5 August 1859 -- 17 December 1946) was an English-born Australian surveyor and journalist who served as the editor of the Sydney Morning Herald for twenty years.	Charles Brunsdon Fletcher	17 December 1946
date of death	Robert Brandard (Birmingham 1805--1862) was an English landscape engraver.	Robert Brandard	1862
date of death	Marek Kubliński (27 September 1931 -- 4 October 1950) was a Polish boy scout and a Cracow high-school student whose fame rests on his activities as an anticommunist freedom fighter.	Marek Kubliński	4 October 1950
date of death	Indra Bania (Assamese: ইন্দ্ৰ বনিয়া‎; 24 December 1942 -- 25 March 2015) was an Indian theatre actor, playwright, film actor and director from Assam.	Indra Bania	25 March 2015
date of death	Philippa of Luxembourg (1252 -- 6 April 1311) was the daughter of Count Henry V of Luxembourg and his wife, Marguerite of Bar.	Philippa of Luxembourg	6 April 1311
date of death	Ewald Straesser (Sträßer) (27 June 1867 -- 4 April 1933) was a German composer of classical music.	Ewald Straesser	4 April 1933
date of death	Pedro Hinojosa (31 January 1822, Matamoros, Tamaulipas - 5 March 1903, Matamoros) was a Mexican politician and military general who combated in the Mexican--	Pedro Hinojosa	5 March 1903
date of death	Markus Eberhard Emminger (21 October 1808, Biberach an der Riß - 27 November 1885, Biberach an der Riß) was a German lithographer and landscape painter.	Eberhard Emminger	27 November 1885
date of death	Bernard Gribble (15 May 1927 -- 15 September 2004) was a British film editor who, between 1948 and 2003, worked on nearly a hundred theatrical and made-for-TV films, among them:	Bernard Gribble	15 September 2004
date of death	Justin Matthews (1876--1955) was an Arkansas road and bridge builder as well as real estate developer.	Justin Matthews	1955
date of death	Henry Edgar (1698--1765) was a Scottish Episcopal minister who served as the Bishop of Fife from 1762 to 1765.	Henry Edgar	1765
date of death	Commander Harry Pursey (1891 -- 13 December 1980) was a British politician and naval officer, who began his career as a boy seaman and served as a Member of Parliament for twenty-five years.	Harry Pursey	1980
date of death	Zenón Martínez García (died 2010) was a Mexican potter from Tlaquepaque, Jalisco recognized for his figurines.	Zenón Martínez García	2010
date of death	He may have been alive as late as 1690, as author Caleb Johnson reports that in that year, he provided a note to Bradford's History of Plymouth Plantation stating that ``Two persons living that came over in the first ship in 1620, this present year 1690: Resolved White and Mary Cushman.''	Resolved White	1690
date of death	Christian I, Prince of Anhalt-Bernburg, also known as Christian of Anhalt, (11 May 1568 -- 17 April 1630) was a German prince of the House of Ascania.	Christian I, Prince of Anhalt-Bernburg	17 April 1630
date of death	Sudha Shivpuri (14 July 1937 -- 20 May 2015) was an Indian actress who was most famous for her role as Baa in the Hindi TV serial Kyunki Saas Bhi Kabhi Bahu Thi (2000--2008).	Sudha Shivpuri	20 May 2015
date of death	Octavio M. Salati (1914-2001) was Professor of Electrical Engineering at the University of Pennsylvania in the field of Electromagnetic Compatibility.	Octavio M. Salati	2001
date of death	Menahem Shemuel Halevy (1884--1940) was a prominent Iranian Rabbi of the early 20th century.	Menahem Shemuel Halevy	1940
date of death	Arvid Andersen (1909 -- 31 October 1970) was a Danish violinist, conductor, and composer.	Arvid Andersen	31 October 1970
date of death	William Henry Bateson (1812, Liverpool, Lancashire -- 1881 Cambridge, Cambridgeshire) was a British scholar and, from 1857 until 1881, Master of St John's College, Cambridge.	William Henry Bateson	1881
date of death	Max McGraw (1 February 1883 -- 26 October 1964) was an American entrepreneur who founded McGraw-Edison and Centel.	Max McGraw	26 October 1964
date of death	Robert Morton Nance (1873--1959) was a leading authority on the Cornish language, nautical archaeologist, and joint founder of the Old Cornwall Society.	Robert Morton Nance	1959
date of death	Thomas Horace Fuller (ca. 1816 -- August 24, 1861) was a lawyer and political figure in Nova Scotia.	Thomas Horace Fuller	1861
date of death	Abba bar Pappai was a Jewish Amora (scholar), of the fourth century CE, who died in 375.	Abba bar Pappai	375
date of death	Geoffrey Owen Whittaker, OBE, (c. 1932 -- 24 February 2015) was a British civil servant.	Geoffrey Owen Whittaker	24 February 2015
date of death	Valentine Dencausse (20 May 1871 -- 16 February 1954) was probably the most famous chiromancer in Paris during the first half of the 20th century, under the name of ``Madame Fraya''.	Valentine Dencausse	1954
date of death	Sevas Hanum (died May 1990), was a Greek singer.	Sevas Hanum	1990
date of death	John Eddie Mullan (27 April 1923 -- 14 December 2008) was an Irish Gaelic footballer who played for Derry in the 1940s and 1950s.	John Eddie Mullan	14 December 2008
date of death	Bal Gangadhar Tilak (or Lokmanya Tilak, pronunciation ; 23 July 1856 -- 1 August 1920), born as Keshav Gangadhar Tilak, was an Indian nationalist, teacher, social reformer, lawyer and an independence activist.	Bal Gangadhar Tilak	1 August 1920
date of death	William Beresford Inglis (died 1967) was a Scottish architect.	William Beresford Inglis	1967
date of death	Olive Mudie-Cooke (1890-11 September 1925) was a British artist who is best known for the paintings she created during the First World War.	Olive Mudie-Cooke	September 1925
date of death	Gysbert Japiks or Japicx (1603--1666) was a Frisian writer, poet, schoolmaster, and cantor.	Gysbert Japiks	1666
date of death	Reverend Francis Orpen Morris (25 March 1810 -- 10 February 1893) was an Irish clergyman, notable as ``parson-naturalist'' (ornithologist and entomologist) and as the author of many children's books and books on natural history and heritage buildings.	Francis Orpen Morris	10 February 1893
date of death	José Joaquín Casimiro Olañeta y Güemes (1795-1860) was a nephew of Pedro Antonio Olañeta who, after working for him, turned against his uncle in favor of Bolivian independence.	Casimiro Olañeta	1860
date of death	Philip Morant (6 October 1700 in Jersey -- 25 November 1770 in Battersea) was an English clergyman, author and historian.	Philip Morant	25 November 1770
date of death	Vilhelm Herman Oluf Madsen (11 April 1844 -- 14 June 1917), was a Danish politician, minister, army officer, businessman and inventor.	Vilhelm Herman Oluf Madsen	14 June 1917
date of death	Du Zhongyuan (1895--1943) was one of China's best-known wartime journalists, having reported in great detail on the Japanese invasion and occupation of China during the Second Sino-Japanese War.	Du Zhongyuan	1943
date of death	Hayır Bey (sometimes spelled Kha'ir Bey; died 1522) ruled Egypt in the name of the Ottoman Empire from 1517 until his death in 1522.	Hayır Bey	1522
date of death	Frank William Erickson (1 September 1923 Spokane -- 21 October 1996) was an American composer, conductor, arranger, writer, and trumpet player.	Frank William Erickson	21 October 1996
date of death	William Paullin (born in Philadelphia, 3 April 1812; died there, 1 December 1871) was a United States balloonist (or aeronaut as they were called then).	William Paullin	1 December 1871
date of death	George Van Dyne (1933 - 1981) was a pioneer of systems ecology and served as the first director of the Natural Resource Ecology Laboratory in the USA.	George Van Dyne	1981
date of death	Colonel John George Nathaniel Gibbes (30 March 1787 -- 5 July 1873) was a British army officer who emigrated to Australia in 1834, becoming a Crown-appointed member of the New South Wales Legislative Council and the Collector of Customs for the Colony of New South Wales for a record term of 25 years.	John George Nathaniel Gibbes	5 July 1873
date of death	The Reverend Moses Rintel, S.J.M., (1823 -- 9 May 1880) was a Jewish Rabbi in colonial Victoria (Australia) who established the first Beth din (rabbinical court) in the British empire outside London.	Moses Rintel	9 May 1880
date of death	Nathaniel St André (c.1680--March 1776) was a Swiss physician who practised in England.	Nathaniel St André	1776
date of death	John Frescheville, 1st Baron Frescheville (4 December 1607 -- 31 March 1682) was an English soldier, landowner and politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1628 and 1665 when he was created a peer and then sat in the House of Lords.	John Frescheville, 1st Baron Frescheville	31 March 1682
date of death	Joshua Arthur Rodrigues Brandon (9 February 1822, London -- 11 December 1847, 11 Beaufort Buildings, Strand) was an English architect and author.	Joshua Arthur Rodrigues Brandon	11 December 1847
date of death	William Berkeley, 4th Baron Berkeley of Stratton PC, PC (I) (d. 24 March 1741), was a British politician and judge, of the Bruton branch of the Berkeley family.	William Berkeley, 4th Baron Berkeley of Stratton	24 March 1741
date of death	Ramon d'Abella (fl. 1389--1401) was a Catalan military leader and royal councillor under John I and Martin of the Crown of Aragon.	Ramon d'Abella	1401
date of death	Xi Zuochi (after 316--384), courtesy name Yanwei, was a Jin dynasty historian native to Xiangyang, Hubei.	Xi Zuochi	384
date of death	Cornelius Smelt (August 1748 -- 28 November 1832) was an administrator who served as Lieutenant Governor of the Isle of Man from 1805 until his death in 1832.	Cornelius Smelt	28 November 1832
date of death	Brother Fernando de la Fuente de la Fuente (16 December 1943 -- 31 October 1996) was a Spanish Marist Brother and missionary who was one of four Marist Brothers martyred at the Nyamirangwe refugee camp, Zaire.	Fernando de la Fuente de la Fuente	31 October 1996
date of death	Roy Rich (16 September 1911 - 24 March 1970) was a British broadcaster and film and theatre director.	Roy Rich	24 March 1970
date of death	Gangadhar Balkrushna Sardar (Devanagari: गंगाधर बाळकृष्ण सरदार) (1908--1988) was a Marathi writer from Maharashtra, India.	Gangadhar Balkrushna Sardar	1988
date of death	Pierre de Villiers Pienaar (1904--1978) was an South African Afrikaans academic and Professor at University of the Witwatersrand (Wits) and later at University of Pretoria, who pioneered Speech Language Therapy in South Africa and specialising in Audiology and Lexicography as well as being an Afrikaans author.	Pierre de Villiers Pienaar	1978
date of death	Blessed Francisca de Paula de Jesus, also known as Nhá Chica (Aunt Francie, in Portuguese, 1810-- 14 June 1895), was born in Santo Antônio do Rio das Mortes Pequeno, neighborhood of the Brazilian city of São João del-Rei, where she was also baptized.	Nhá Chica	14 June 1895
date of death	Sir George Herbert Duckworth CB FSA (5 March 1868 -- 27 April 1934) was an English public servant.	George Herbert Duckworth	27 April 1934
date of death	Joseph-Antoine-Charles Couderc (10 March 1810 -- 16 April 1875) was a French operatic tenor (and later baritone) prominent on the stages of the Opéra-Comique in Paris where he created numerous roles.	Joseph-Antoine-Charles Couderc	16 April 1875
date of death	Sigurd Eldegard (10 July 1866 -- 30 January 1950) was a Norwegian actor, playwright and theatre director.	Sigurd Eldegard	30 January 1950
date of death	Sir Thomas McCall Anderson (1836--1908) was a professor of practice of medicine, at the University of Glasgow.	Thomas McCall Anderson	1908
date of death	Edward Holton James (1873--1954) was an American socialist.	Edward Holton James	1954
date of death	Henry Bryan Ziegler (1798--1874) was a British artist, known as a landscape and portrait painter.	Henry Bryan Ziegler	1874
date of death	Thomas Thornley (1 Apr 1781 -- 4 May 1862) was a British Liberal Party politician.	Thomas Thornley	4 May 1862
date of death	Harold Shapinsky (May 21, 1925 -- January 31, 2004) was an American abstract expressionist painter, born in Brooklyn, New York.	Harold Shapinsky	2004
date of death	Kostas Skarvelis (1880 -- 8 April 1942) was a Greek composer of popular music, οf the genre of rembetiko (ρεμπέτικο) in particular.	Kostas Skarvelis	8 April 1942
date of death	Gustave Léonard de Jonghe, Gustave Léonard De Jonghe or Gustave de Jonghe (4 February 1829 - 28 January 1893) was a Belgian painter known for his glamorous society portraits and genre scenes.	Gustave Léonard de Jonghe	28 January 1893
date of death	Eleonora Rossi Drago, born Palmira Omiccioli, (23 September 1925 -- 2 December 2007) was an Italian film actress.	Eleonora Rossi Drago	2 December 2007
date of death	Adolph Strasser (1843-1939), born in the Austro-Hungarian empire, was an American trade union organizer.	Adolph Strasser	1939
date of death	Antonio Maria Haffner (1654--1704) was an Italian painter of quadratura and priest during the Baroque period, active mainly in Bologna.	Antonio Maria Haffner	1704
date of death	John Hoesli (8 March 1919 -- March 1997) was a British art and set decorator.	John Hoesli	March 1997
date of death	John Christmas Beckwith (25 December 1750, Norwich -- 3 June 1809) was an English organist and composer.	John Christmas Beckwith	3 June 1809
date of death	Richard Irvine Bentley (1 January 1854 -- 1909) was the superintendent to the British Columbia provincial Asylum for the Insane and medical officer to the New Westminster Gaol.	Richard Irvine Bentley	1909
date of death	Dafydd ab Owain Gwynedd (born c. 1145-died 1203) was Prince of Gwynedd from 1170 to 1195.	Dafydd ab Owain Gwynedd	1203
date of death	The Reverend John Brodie Innes (26 December 1815 -- 19 October 1894), John Innes before 1862, was a clergyman who became a close friend of Charles Darwin at Downe in Kent, and remained a friendly correspondent for the rest of Darwin's life.	John Brodie Innes	19 October 1894
date of death	Marco Antonio Andino Flores (25 April 1955 -- 9 August 2015) was a Honduran politician and lawyer.	Marco Antonio Andino	9 August 2015
date of death	Jan Willem van Otterloo (27 December 1907 -- 27 July 1978) was a Dutch conductor, cellist and composer.	Willem van Otterloo	27 July 1978
date of death	Edward Flowerdew (died 1586), was an English judge and MP.	Edward Flowerdew	1586
date of death	Li Quanzhong (李全忠) (d. 886) was a warlord late in the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty, who controlled Lulong Circuit (盧龍, headquartered in modern Beijing) from 885, when he overthrew the prior military governor (Jiedushi) Li Keju, to his death in 886.	Li Quanzhong	886
date of death	Hosea Hudson (April 12, 1898 -- 1988) was an African-American labor leader in the Southern United States.	Hosea Hudson	1988
date of death	Christopher Bethell (21 April 1773 -- 19 April 1859) was Bishop of Bangor.	Christopher Bethell	19 April 1859
date of death	Vavrinec Dunajský (born 15 July 1784 in Ľubietová, died 15 February 1833 in Budapest) was a Slovak sculptor.	Vavrinec Dunajský	15 February 1833
date of death	Ulrika Melin (1767--1834) was a Swedish textile artist, and a member of the Royal Swedish Academy of Arts.	Ulrika Melin	1834
date of death	Peter Driben (October 22, 1903 - September, 1968), an American pin-up artist, was perhaps one of the most productive pin-up artists of the 1940s and 1950s.	Peter Driben	1968
date of death	Leonardo Cota (1816--1887) was a Captain with the Californios in the Mexican--	Leonardo Cota	1887
date of death	The East India Company built Willoughby Memorial Hall in 1924 in memory of Sir Robert William Douglas Willoughby, Deputy Commissioner of Kheri who was killed on 26 August 1920.	Robert William Douglas Willoughby	26 August 1920
date of death	Henry Tresham RA (c.1751 -- 17 June 1814) was an Irish-born historical painter active in London, England, in the late 18th century.	Henry Tresham	17 June 1814
date of death	Francisco Gavidia (1863 in San Miguel - 24 September 1955 in San Salvador) was a Salvadoran writer, educator and journalist.	Francisco Gavidia	24 September 1955
date of death	Andreas Faye (5 October 1802 -- 5 May 1869) was a Norwegian priest, folklorist and historian.	Andreas Faye	5 May 1869
date of death	William Walter Merry (1835--1918) was an English classical scholar, clergyman, and educator.	William Walter Merry	1918
date of death	Kidane-Mariam Teklehaimanot (10 September 1933, Alitena - 2 June 2009) was a bishop of the Ethiopian Catholic Church.	Kidane-Mariam Teklehaimanot	2 June 2009
date of death	Amadeus I of Geneva (1098--1178) was count of Geneva.	Amadeus I of Geneva	1178
date of death	Roland Khoury (Arabic: رولان خوري‎) (1930--1988) was a Syrian painter.	Roland Khoury	1988
date of death	Louis A. Hill (1865--1933) was an official in the United States Department of the Treasury who was Director of the Bureau of Engraving and Printing from 1922 to 1924.	Louis A. Hill	1933
date of death	Cor Blekemolen ``Blekie'' (7 February 1894 -- 28 November 1972) was a Dutch cyclist.	Cor Blekemolen	28 November 1972
date of death	Maria Abdy, née Smith (25 February 1797 -- 19 July 1867) was an English poet.	Maria Abdy	19 July 1867
date of death	Len Morrison (23 December 1872 -- 16 November 1922) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Len Morrison	16 November 1922
date of death	Sussex Camock or Sussex Cammock (1600--1659) was an English privateer who was involved in establishing the Providence Island colony, a Puritan colony on what is now Isla de Providencia in the western Caribbean.	Sussex Camock	1659
date of death	Biraja Sankar Guha (Bengali: বিরজাশঙ্কর গুহ) (15 August 1894 -- 20 October 1961) was an Indian physical anthropologist, who classified Indian people into races around the early part of the 20th century.	Biraja Sankar Guha	20 October 1961
date of death	Georges Corvington, Jr. (died 3 April 2013) was a Haitian historian.	Georges Corvington	3 April 2013
date of death	Adolf Šimperský (5 August 1909 in Břevnov -- 15 February 1964) is a former Czech football player who played mostly for SK Slavia Praha.	Adolf Šimperský	15 February 1964
date of death	George Brettingham Sowerby III (1843--1921) was a British conchologist, publisher, and illustrator.	George Brettingham Sowerby III	1921
date of death	Clotilde Arias (1901--1959) was a Peruvian-American lyricist and composer.	Clotilde Arias	1959
date of death	Jeane Gardiner, d. 26 May 1651 in Saint George, Bermuda in the West Indies, was an alleged British witch.	Jeane Gardiner	1651
date of death	Jules Langsner (1911--1967) was an American art critic and psychiatrist.	Jules Langsner	1967
date of death	Ken Bousfield (2 October 1919 -- 25 May 2000) was one of the leading British golfers of the immediate post-World War II period.	Ken Bousfield	25 May 2000
date of death	Edmond Delphaut (1873--1943) was a French sculptor known for his work on World War I memorials, in particular that at Malo-les-Bains in the Nord department in Northern France.	Edmond Delphaut	1943
date of death	Henry Schenck Tanner (1786--1858), was an American cartographer, born in New York.	Henry Schenck Tanner	1858
date of death	Bayan Qulï (died 1358) was khan of the Chagatai Khanate from 1348 to 1358 and a grandson of Duwa.	Bayan Qulï	1358
date of death	Guy Mone (Mohun) (died 1407) was an English royal administrator and bishop.	Guy Mone	1407
date of death	George W. Stocking Sr. (1892--1975) was an American economist who was one of the pioneers of industrial organization and an early writer on international cartels.	George W. Stocking Sr.	1975
date of death	Enrique Kicho Díaz (Buenos Aires, 21 January 1918 -- 5 October 1992) was an Argentine double bass tango musician who played in various ensembles including Aníbal Troilo's orquesta típica, Astor Piazzolla's first Quinteto and Conjunto 9 and finally Sexteto Major.	Kicho Díaz	5 October 1992
date of death	Harry Kuhl (7 March 1903 -- 11 January 1967) was an Australian rules footballer who played with St Kilda in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Harry Kuhl	11 January 1967
date of death	Edward Oxford (19 April 1822 -- 23 April 1900) was the first of eight people who tried to assassinate Queen Victoria.	Edward Oxford	23 April 1900
date of death	Gustav Alexander (1873 -- 12 April 1932) was an Austrian otolaryngologist remembered for describing Alexander's law.	Gustav Alexander	12 April 1932
date of death	William Hirst (1873 -- 5 May 1946) was a British Labour Co-operative politician who was the Member of Parliament (MP) for Bradford South from 1924 to 1931.	William Hirst	5 May 1946
date of death	Solomon Bregman (in Russian, Соломон Брегман) (1895, Zlynka -- 1953) was a prominent member of the Jewish Anti-Fascist Committee formed in the Soviet Union in April 1942.	Solomon Bregman	1953
date of death	Zhou Longxiang (Chinese: 周隆庠; pinyin: Zhōu Lóngxiáng; Wade--Giles: Chou Long-hsiang) (1905--1969) was a politician in the Republic of China.	Zhou Longxiang	1969
date of death	William Crowne (1617--1682) had a varied career as an officer of arms, a member of parliament, a colonel during the English civil war, and one of the early colonists of North America.	William Crowne	1682
date of death	John Palsgrave (c. 1485 -- 1554) was a priest of Henry VIII of England's court.	John Palsgrave	1554
date of death	Minosuke Hiroe ((Japanese) 廣江美之助; 7 June 1914 -- 12 January 2000) was a Japanese botanist.	Minosuke Hiroe	12 January 2000
date of death	Sir William Morison (died 15 May 1851) was a Scottish Liberal Party politician.	Sir William Morison	15 May 1851
date of death	John Blaquiere, 1st Baron de Blaquiere KCB, PC (15 May 1732 -- 27 August 1812), known as Sir John Blaquiere, Bt, from 1784 to 1800, was a British soldier, diplomat and politician of French descent.	John Blaquiere, 1st Baron de Blaquiere	27 August 1812
date of death	Father John B. DeValles (1879 - 1920) founded the first Portuguese parochial school at Espirito Santo Church in Fall River, Massachusetts.	John B. DeValles	1920
date of death	Bhajan Lal (6 October 1930 -- 3 June 2011) was a politician and three-time chief minister from the northern Indian state of Haryana.	Bhajan Lal	3 June 2011
date of death	Hattie Bishop Speed (1858--1942) was a pianist, humanist, and philanthropist who championed music and the arts in Louisville, Kentucky.	Hattie Bishop Speed	1942
date of death	George Edward Luckman Gauntlett (born 4 December 1868, Swansea, UK; d. 29 July 1956, Tokyo, Japan) was a teacher of English and educator in Japan.	George Edward Luckman Gauntlett	29 July 1956
date of death	Jiang Fengzhi (蒋风之, 1908--1986) was an erhu artist from Yixing, Jiangsu Province, China.	Jiang Fengzhi	1986
date of death	Allen Allensworth (7 April 1842 -- 14 September 1914), born into slavery, escaped and became a Union soldier; later he became a Baptist minister and educator, and was appointed as a chaplain in the United States Army.	Allen Allensworth	14 September 1914
date of death	John Manwood (died 1610) was a barrister of Lincoln's Inn, gamekeeper of Waltham Forest, and Justice in Eyre of the New Forest under Elizabeth I of England.	John Manwood	1610
date of death	Pappus of Alexandria (/ˈpæpəs/; Greek: Πάππος ὁ Ἀλεξανδρεύς; c. 290 -- c. 350 AD) was one of the last great Greek mathematicians of Antiquity, known for his Synagoge (Συναγωγή) or Collection (c. 340), and for Pappus's hexagon theorem in projective geometry.	Pappus of Alexandria	350
date of death	Rabbi Ya'akov-Michael Hasani (Hebrew: יעקב-מיכאל חזני‎, born Ya'akov Kantrovich on 27 June 1913, died 2 July 1975) was an Israeli politician who served as Minister of Welfare during two spells in the early 1970s.	Michael Hasani	2 July 1975
date of death	Bernhard Pollack (14 August 1865 -- 3 March 1928 in Berlin) was a German neuroanatomist and ophthalmologist practicing in Berlin.	Bernhard Pollack	3 March 1928
date of death	Captain Robert Cecil Beavan (1841 - 3 February 1870), corresponding member of the Zoological Society of London, served in India with the Bengal Staff Corps for 10 years.	Robert Cecil Beavan	3 February 1870
date of death	Richard FitzRalph (also Fitz Ralph; c. 1300 -- 16 December 1360) was an Irish Archbishop of Armagh during the 14th century.	Richard FitzRalph	16 December 1360
date of death	Martin-Joseph Mengal (27 January 1784 - 4 July 1851) was a Belgian composer and instructor.	Martin-Joseph Mengal	4 July 1851
date of death	Toussaint-Antoine-Rodolphe Laflamme, PC (15 May 1827 -- 7 December 1893), was a French-Canadian lawyer, professor of law and politician.	Rodolphe Laflamme	7 December 1893
date of death	Ion Andreescu (Romanian pronunciation: (iˈon andreˈesku); 15 February 1850 -- 22 October 1882) was a Romanian painter of great renown.	Ion Andreescu	22 October 1882
date of death	William Godwin the Younger (1803--8 September 1832) was an English reporter and author.	William Godwin the Younger	8 September 1832
date of death	Wolfgang Langewiesche (1907--2002) aviator, author and journalist, is one of the most quoted authors in aviation writing.	Wolfgang Langewiesche	2002
date of death	Wilhelm Bogner (7 February 1909 -- 27 July 1977), better known as Willy Bogner, Sr., was a German Nordic skier who competed in the 1930s.	Willy Bogner, Sr.	27 July 1977
date of death	Solomon Jacobs (9 July 1861 -- 6 August 1920) was an English-born Canadian rabbi.	Solomon Jacobs	6 August 1920
date of death	Guillaume Daniel Delprat CBE (1 September 1856 -- 15 March 1937) was a Dutch-Australian metallurgist, mining engineer, and businessman.	Guillaume Daniel Delprat	15 March 1937
date of death	Zaharija Pribislavljević or Zaharija of Serbia (Serbian: Захаријa Прибислављевић, Greek: Ζαχαρίας ; c. 890s -- 924) was Prince of the Serbs from 922 to 924.	Zaharija of Serbia	924
date of death	Tomás Óg de Burca, 5th Mac William Iochtar and lord of Lower (North) Connacht, died 1460.	Tomás Óg de Burca	1460
date of death	Heinrich Gottfried Philipp Gengler (25 July 1817 -- 28 November 1901) was a German historian of law, Geheimrat and academic lecturer.	Heinrich Gottfried Philipp Gengler	1901
date of death	Raffaele Conflenti (4 December 1889 -- 16 July 1946) was an Italian aeronautical engineer and aircraft designer.	Raffaele Conflenti	16 July 1946
date of death	Mihai Ioan Botez (29 June 1927 -- 2 June 1998) was a Romanian neurologist and academic who specialised in the field of neuropsychology.	Mihai Ioan Botez	1998
date of death	Mgolombane Sandile (1820--1878) was a Chief of the Ngqika (``Gaikas'') and Paramount-Chief of the Rharhabe tribe - a sub-group of the Xhosa nation.	Mgolombane Sandile	1878
date of death	Cybi died on 8 November 555 and was buried in Eglwys y Bedd (the Chapel of the Grave) adjoining his monastery at Holyhead.	Cybi	8 November 555
date of death	Jimmy Luff (9 May 1887 -- 5 October 1960) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Fitzroy in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Jimmy Luff	5 October 1960
date of death	Uisang (625--702) was one of the most eminent early Silla Korean scholar-monks, a close friend of Wonhyo (元曉).	Uisang	702
date of death	Victor de Bonald (1780--1871), son of Louis Gabriel Ambroise de Bonald, followed his father in his exile.	Victor de Bonald	1871
date of death	Architect John Ariss (sometimes spelled Ayres) (1725--1799) was born in Westmoreland County, Virginia to a family long settled in the Old Dominion.	John Ariss	1799
date of death	Walter Jobson (by 1519--1605), of London and Kingston upon Hull, Yorkshire, was an English politician.	Walter Jobson	1605
date of death	Hubert de Cronin Hastings (18 July 1902 - 4 December 1986), often referred to in contemporary works as H. de C. Hastings (and known to friends as ``H. de C.''), was chairman of the Architectural Press and editor of Architectural Review and Architects' Journal.	H. de C. Hastings	4 December 1986
date of death	Tol Hansse (born Hans van Tol, 3 April 1940 - 29 April 2002) was a Dutch singer and musician.	Tol Hansse	29 April 2002
date of death	Giuseppe Weidmann (1742--1810) was an Austrian drama actor.	Giuseppe Weidmann	1810
date of death	Ahad Rajabli (Azerbaijani: Əhəd Rəcəbli, 1962 -- 8 June 2013, Sumgayit) was a world champion in sambo and multiple sambo champion of Azerbaijan, as well as Judo Master of Sports.	Ahad Rajabli	8 June 2013
date of death	Edward Cator Seaton (1815 -- 21 January 1880) was an English doctor who became the second Chief Medical Officer.	Edward Cator Seaton	21 January 1880
date of death	Kurt Hasse (7 February 1907 - 9 January 1944 on the Eastern Front of World War II in the Soviet Union) is a German show jumping champion, and 1936 Olympic champion.	Kurt Hasse	9 January 1944
date of death	Ramu Kariat (alternatively Ramu Karyat) (1 February 1927 -- 10 February 1979) was a legendary Malayali Indian film director for almost three decades from the 1950s to the 1970s.	Ramu Kariat	10 February 1979
date of death	Claude de Saint-Étienne de la Tour (c. 1570 -- d. after 1636) was born in the province of Champagne, France and came to Acadia in 1610 after suffering heavy losses as a ship's captain.	Claude de Saint-Étienne de la Tour	1636
date of death	Rikdag, also called Ricdag, Riddag, or Rihdag (died 985), was Margrave of Meissen from 979 until his death.	Rikdag	985
date of death	Peder Lauridsen Kylling (c. 1640 - 1696) was a 17th-century Danish botanist.	Peder Lauridsen Kylling	1696
date of death	Abu Ali Hasan ibn Ustadh-Hurmuz, commonly known after his father as Ibn Ustadh-Hurmuz (died 1011) was a Dailamite military officer of the Buyids, and an important figure in the Buyid state during the late 10th century.	Ibn Ustadh-Hurmuz	1011
date of death	Alexandros Zaimis (Greek: Αλέξανδρος Ζαΐμης; 9 November 1855 -- 15 September 1936) was a Greek Prime Minister, Minister of the Interior, Minister of Justice, and High Commissioner of Crete.	Alexandros Zaimis	15 September 1936
date of death	Jes Bundsen (1766--1829) was a Danish architectural and landscape painter and etcher.	Jes Bundsen	1829
date of death	Lily Strickland (1884 -- 6 June 1958) was an American composer, painter and writer.	Lily Strickland	6 June 1958
date of death	James Mott (20 June 1788 -- 26 January 1868) was a Quaker leader, teacher, and merchant as well as an anti-slavery activist.	James Mott	26 January 1868
date of death	Vladislav Achalov (Russian: Владисла́в Алексе́евич Ача́лов) (19 November 1945 -- 23 June 2011) was a Soviet general who at one time commanded the Soviet Airborne Forces.	Vladislav Achalov	23 June 2011
date of death	Thomas Mompesson (1630 -- 1701), of Mompesson House, The Close, Salisbury and St. Martin's Lane, Westminster, was an English politician.	Thomas Mompesson	1701
date of death	Sir Siddiq Abubakar III (1903--1988) was a Nigerian Muslim leader.	Siddiq Abubakar III	1988
date of death	Thomas Kensett died 16 June 1829 at the age of 42.	Thomas Kensett	16 June 1829
date of death	Sir Gerard Vanneck, 2nd Baronet (c. 1743-23 May 1791), was a British merchant and Member of Parliament.	Gerard Vanneck	23 May 1791
date of death	Clarence Hatzfeld (1873--1943) was a prolific Chicago architect who designed residences, park field houses, Masonic temples, banks and other commercial buildings in the Craftsman, Prairie, and Revival styles.	Clarence Hatzfeld	1943
date of death	Eddie Hinton (15 June 1944 -- 28 July 1995) was an American songwriter and session musician best known for his work with soul music and R&B singers.	Eddie Hinton	28 July 1995
date of death	Abraham Isaac Castello (1726 in Ancona, Italy -- August 1, 1789 in Leghorn, Italy) was a rabbi, preacher, and poet.	Abraham Isaac Castello	1789
date of death	Nathaniel Chapman (28 May 1780 -- 1 July 1853) was a well-known early American physician.	Nathaniel Chapman	1 July 1853
date of death	Albert David Hager (1 November 1817 Chester, Vermont - 29 July 1888 Chicago, Illinois) was a United States geologist, librarian and historian.	Albert David Hager	29 July 1888
date of death	Joseph Henry Lynch (28 October 1911 -- 16 January 1989) was a British artist, better known under his signature J.H. Lynch.	Joseph Henry Lynch	16 January 1989
date of death	Charles John Cornish (28 September 1858 -- 30 January 1906) was an English naturalist and author.	Charles John Cornish	1906
date of death	Polly Collins (1808-1884) was a Shaker artist who made gift drawings, which were depictions of spiritual messages during the Era of Manifestations in the mid-1800s.	Polly Collins	1884
date of death	Hjalmar Selander (2 July 1859 in Mölndal Municipality -- 10 August 1928) was a Swedish actor, stage director and theatre manager.	Hjalmar Selander	10 August 1928
date of death	Sir George Yeardley (1587--1627) was a planter and three time colonial Governor of the British Colony of Virginia.	George Yeardley	1627
date of death	Ibrahim Mirza bin Ala-ud-Daulah (died c. 1459) was a Timurid ruler of Herat in the fifteenth century.	Ibrahim Mirza bin Ala-ud-Daulah	1459
date of death	Colin Clive (20 January 1900 -- 25 June 1937) was an English stage and screen actor best remembered for his portrayal of Dr. Frankenstein in James Whale's two Universal Frankenstein films Frankenstein and Bride of Frankenstein.	Colin Clive	25 June 1937
date of death	Sir Francis Pile, 2nd Baronet (c. 1617 -- 1649) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons between 1645 and 1649.	Francis Pile	1649
date of death	Ernest Hickinbottom (born 1865 - 2 September 1939) was an English footballer who played for Derby County.	Ernest Hickinbottom	2 September 1939
date of death	Dame Caroline Arnott died on 28 December 1933 of unknown causes.	Caroline Arnott	1933
date of death	Lieutenant-Colonel Sir Hugh Daly KCSI KCIE (29 May 1860 -- 25 August 1939) was a British Indian Army officer and colonial administrator.	Hugh Daly	25 August 1939
date of death	John Charles Templer (1814--1874) was a lawyer.	John Charles Templer	1874
date of death	William Longstreet (c.1760 New Jersey - 1814 Georgia) was an inventor.	William Longstreet	1814
date of death	Henry Darnley Naylor MA Cantab (21 February 1872 -- 8 December 1945), was a British born Australian academic who became Emeritus Professor of Classics in the University of Adelaide, South Australia.	Henry Darnley Naylor	8 December 1945
date of death	Achille Compagnoni (26 September 1914 -- 13 May 2009) was an Italian mountaineer and skier.	Achille Compagnoni	13 May 2009
date of death	Lilik Sudjio (14 May 1930 -- 9 December 2014) was an Indonesian actor turned film director who won the Citra Award for Best Director in 1955 for his film Tarmina.	Lilik Sudjio	9 December 2014
date of death	Tony Holiday (born Rolf Peter Knigge; 24 February 1951 -- 14 February 1990) was a German pop singer and songwriter.	Tony Holiday	14 February 1990
date of death	Edward Hugh Buggy (9 June 1896 -- 18 June 1974) was a leading journalist well known as an Australian rules football writer covering the Victorian Football League (later renamed to Australian Football League).	Hugh Buggy	18 June 1974
date of death	Sir Thomas Malcolm Knox FRSE (28 November 1900 -- 6 April 1980) was an Anglo-Scottish philosopher who served as Principal of St Andrews University from 1953--66 and Vice-president of the Royal Society of Edinburgh from 1975-8.	Malcolm Knox	1980
date of death	Ludwig Czaczkes (12 September 1898 -- 4 August 1992) was an Austrian composer, musicologist and pianist.	Ludwig Czaczkes	4 August 1992
date of death	The Reverend Walter Whiter (30 October 1758 in Birmingham, England-- 23 July 1832 in Hardingham) was an English philologist and literary critic.	Walter Whiter	23 July 1832
date of death	Majida Boulila (12 November 1931 -- 4 September 1952) was a Tunisian militant.	Majida Boulila	4 September 1952
date of death	Hilbrand Boschma (22 April 1893, IJsbrechtum, Wymbritseradeel, Friesland -- 22 July 1976, Leiden) was a Dutch zoologist and director of the Rijksmuseum of Natural History in Leiden.	Hilbrand Boschma	22 July 1976
date of death	Sir Lionel Phillips, 1st Baronet (6 August 1855 -- 2 July 1936) was a South African mining magnate and politician.	Lionel Phillips	1936
date of death	Jiang Zhaohe or Chiang Chao-ho (Chinese: 蒋兆和) (1904 -- 1986) was a Chinese artist who played a leading role in the reform process of Chinese figure painting.	Jiang Zhaohe	1986
date of death	William Fiennes, 1st Viscount Saye and Sele (28 June 1582 -- 14 April 1662) was an English nobleman and politician, known also for his involvement in several companies for setting up overseas colonies.	William Fiennes, 1st Viscount Saye and Sele	14 April 1662
date of death	Kang Yanxiao (康延孝) (died 926), known as Li Shaochen (李紹琛) from 923 to 926, was a general of the Chinese Five Dynasties and Ten Kingdoms period states Later Liang and Later Tang.	Kang Yanxiao	926
date of death	Dr. George G. Ritchie, M.D. (25 September 1923 -- 29 October 2007) held positions as president of the Richmond Academy of General Practice; chairman of the Department of Psychiatry of Towers Hospital; and founder and president of the Universal Youth Corps, Inc. for almost 20 years.	George G. Ritchie	29 October 2007
date of death	Anthony Chenevix-Trench (10 May 1919 -- 21 June 1979) was a British schoolteacher and Classics scholar.	Anthony Chenevix-Trench	21 June 1979
date of death	Arthur Ernest Wilder-Smith, FRSC (22 December 1915 -- 14 September 1995), more commonly known as A. E. Wilder-Smith, was a British organic chemist, and young Earth creationist.	A. E. Wilder-Smith	14 September 1995
date of death	Cosimo Boscaglia (c. 1550 -- 1621) was a professor of philosophy at the University of Pisa in Italy.	Cosimo Boscaglia	1621
date of death	George Stephănescu (13 December 1843 - 25 April 1925) was a Romanian composer, one of the main figures in Romanian national opera.	George Stephănescu	25 April 1925
date of death	Safford Cape (28 June 1906 - 26 March 1973) was an American conductor, composer and musicologist.	Safford Cape	26 March 1973
date of death	Jadwiga Dziubińska, a Polish politician (born 10 October 1874 in Warsaw, died 28 January 1937).	Jadwiga Dziubińska	28 January 1937
date of death	William Goffe (1605?--1679?) was an English Roundhead politician and soldier, perhaps best known for his role in the execution of King Charles I and later flight to America.	William Goffe	1679
date of death	David Keith Duckworth (10 August 1933 -- 18 December 2005) was an English mechanical engineer.	Keith Duckworth	18 December 2005
date of death	Sattur A. G. Subramaniam, (1916--1977) was a vocalist in the carantic tradition.	Sattur A. G. Subramaniam	1977
date of death	James Charles Dowdall (1873 -- 28 June 1939) was an Irish politician and businessman.	James Charles Dowdall	28 June 1939
date of death	Hanut Singh Rathore (6 July 1933 - 11 April 2015), also referred as Hanut Singh (not to be confused with Maharaja Hanut Singhji of Jodhpur) was a former Lt. General of Indian army.	Hanut Singh Rathore	11 April 2015
date of death	Elias Solomon (2 September 1839 -- 23 May 1909) was an Australian politician based in Fremantle.	Elias Solomon	23 May 1909
date of death	Gísli Halldórsson (2 February 1927 -- 27 July 1998) was an Icelandic actor of theatre, radio, film and television, and one of the most popular Icelandic actors of the late twentieth century.	Gísli Halldórsson	27 July 1998
date of death	Ian Greer (5 June 1933 -- 4 November 2015) was a British political lobbyist, who had a very successful career, until the Cash-for-questions affair.	Ian Greer	4 November 2015
date of death	Yamyam (born Abdulkadir Hersi Siyad, 1945 -- 18 September 2005) (Somali: Cabdiqaadir Xirsi Siyaad (Yamyam), Arabic: ``عبد قادر حرس سياد ''يميم‎) was a Somali poet and playwright.	Yamyam	18 September 2005
date of death	John Systad (14 September 1912 -- 16 September 1998) was a Norwegian long-distance runner who specialized in the marathon race.	John Systad	16 September 1998
date of death	Nikolay Adamets (Belarusian: Мiкалай Адамец; Russian: Николай Адамец; 18 October 1983 -- 7 September 2014) was a Belarusian footballer who last played for Volna Pinsk.	Nikolay Adamets	7 September 2014
date of death	John Samuel Enys (21 September 1796 -- 29 May 1872) was a British mining engineer and scientist who wrote several important papers on the ``duty'' of steam engines and other types of power delivery, from water wheels to horses.	John Samuel Enys	29 May 1872
date of death	Henry Bernard Carpenter (April 22, 1840 in Dublin or near Enniskillen, Ireland of an ancient landed family -- July 17, 1890 at Sorrento, Maine), was a noted Unitarian clergyman, orator, author, and poet.	Henry Bernard Carpenter	1890
date of death	Alexander Pearce (1790 -- 19 July 1824) was an Irish convict who was transported to Van Diemen's Land for seven years for theft.	Alexander Pearce	19 July 1824
date of death	Joe McKelvey (Irish: Seosamh Mac Giolla Bhuidhe; died 8 December 1922) was an Irish Republican Army officer who was executed during the Irish Civil War.	Joe McKelvey	8 December 1922
date of death	Cesar Picton (c. 1755 Senegal? -- 1836 Thames Ditton, Surrey) was presumably enslaved in Africa by the time he was about six years old.	Cesar Picton	1836
date of death	She founded the Iwamoto Mari String Quartet in Japan in 1967, with violinist Tomoda Yoshiaki, viola player Suganuma Junji and cellist Kuranuma Toshio; the quartet won a special prize at the Suntory Music Award in 1979, shortly prior to Mari's death from cancer on 11 May 1979.	Iwamoto Mari	11 May 1979
date of death	Rowland Stephenson (1782--1856) was a British banker and politician who precipitated the collapse of a bank and took refuge in America.	Rowland Stephenson	1856
date of death	Huang Yao (Chinese: 黄尧; Pinyin: Huáng Yáo; 1917--1987) was a Chinese artist.	Huang Yao	1987
date of death	Samuel Trevor Francis (19 November 1834 -- 28 December 1925) was an English lay preacher and hymn writer, with the Plymouth Brethren.	Samuel Trevor Francis	28 December 1925
date of death	James Dodsley (1724--1797) was an English bookseller.	James Dodsley	1797
date of death	Macduff of Fife (died 22 July 1298) played a small but significant role in the Wars of Scottish Independence.	Macduff of Fife	22 July 1298
date of death	Robert Bowne Minturn (born New York, 16 November 1805; died New York, 9 January 1866) was one of the most prominent American merchants and shippers of the mid-19th century.	Robert Bowne Minturn	9 January 1866
date of death	Catherine Obianuju Acholonu (26 October 1951 -- 18 March 2014) was a Nigerian writer, researcher and former lecturer on African Cultural and Gender Studies.	Catherine Obianuju Acholonu	18 March 2014
date of death	Count Friedrich Albrecht zu Eulenburg (29 June 1815 -- 2 June 1881) was a Prussian diplomat and politician.	Friedrich Albrecht zu Eulenburg	2 June 1881
date of death	Henry Roy Donovan (26 November 1903 -- 18 February 1972) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Hawthorn in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Roy Donovan	18 February 1972
date of death	Harriet Auber (Middlesex, 1773 -- Hoddesdon, Hertfordshire, 1862) was an English poet and hymnist.	Harriet Auber	1862
date of death	Walter Melzer (7 October 1894 -- 23 June 1961) was a highly decorated General der Infanterie in the Wehrmacht during World War II who commanded the XXIII corps.	Walter Melzer	23 June 1961
date of death	Burchard du Puiset (died 1196; sometimes Bourchard du Puiset, or Bourchard of Le Puiset) was a medieval Anglo-Norman clergyman and treasurer of the diocese of York.	Burchard du Puiset	1196
date of death	Lieutenant-Colonel George Robert Harland Bowden (1873-10 October 1927) was a British mechanical engineer and Conservative Party politician.	George Robert Harland Bowden	10 October 1927
date of death	Dorothea Krag (27 September 1675 -- 10 October 1754) was a Danish General Postmaster and noble.	Dorothea Krag	10 October 1754
date of death	Mohammed ibn Amr al-Ribati or Abu Abdallah Mohammed ibn Mohammed ibn Amr al-Ansari (died 1 October 1827) was a Moroccan poet from Rabat.	Mohammed ibn Amr	1 October 1827
date of death	Brigadier-General Alfred Douglas Miller, DSO (1864 − 5 December 1933) was a British army officer.	Alfred Douglas Miller	1933
date of death	Louis Livingston Seaman, FRGS (October 17, 1851 -- 1932) was an American surgeon, born in Newburgh, New York.	Louis Livingston Seaman	1932
date of death	David J. Hetland (1947-2006) was a nationally recognized artist from Fargo, ND, known particularly for his liturgical works in mosaic and stained glass.	David J. Hetland	2006
date of death	Giulio Variboba (Arbërisht: Jul Variboba; 1725 -- 1788) was an Arbëresh poet that gave an important contribution to the literature in the Albanian language.	Giulio Variboba	1788
date of death	Jacotin or Jacob Godebrye (died 24 March 1529) was a Franco-Flemish singer and composer.	Jacob Godebrye	24 March 1529
date of death	Achsah Barlow Brewster (1878--1945) was an American painter and writer, and wife of artist Earl Brewster (1878--1957).	Achsah Barlow Brewster	1945
date of death	Caroline Louisa Waring Atkinson (best known as Louisa Atkinson) (25 February 1834 -- 28 April 1872) was an early Australian writer, botanist and illustrator.	Louisa Atkinson	28 April 1872
date of death	Mundia Sikatana ( 1938 -- 14 June 2012; Lusaka) was a Zambian politician, diplomat and lawyer.	Mundia Sikatana	14 June 2012
date of death	Thomas Buttersworth (5 May 1768 -- November 1842) was an English seaman of the Napoleonic wars period who became a marine painter.	Thomas Buttersworth	November 1842
date of death	John J. Burke (1875--1936) was a Paulist priest and editor of the Catholic World from 1903 to 1922.	John J. Burke	1936
date of death	Johann Jakob Wirz (1778 in Basel -- 1858) was a Swiss silkweaver who became known a Theosophist prophet and started a group called the Nazarenes, or in German Nazarener.	Johann Jakob Wirz	1858
date of death	Hillel Noah Maggid (1829-1903) (also known as Hillel Steinschneider) was a Russian-Jewish genealogist and historian.	Hillel Noah Maggid	1903
date of death	Olimpia Ludovisi (1656 -- 27 November 1700) was the eldest daughter of Niccolò Ludovisi and his third wife Costanza Pamphili.	Olimpia Ludovisi	27 November 1700
date of death	Voivode George Ducas (Greek: Γεώργιος Δούκας, Romanian: Gheorghe Duca) (d. 1685) was three times Prince of Moldavia (September 1665 -- May 1666, November 1668 -- 20 August 1672, November 1678 -- January 1684) and one time Prince of Wallachia (1673 -- 29 November 1678).	George Ducas	1685
date of death	Lawson Wood, sometimes Clarence Lawson Wood, (23 August 1878 -- 26 October 1957), was an English painter, illustrator and designer known for humorous depictions of cavemen and dinosaurs, policemen, and animals, especially a chimpanzee called Gran'pop, whose annuals circulated around the world.	Lawson Wood	26 October 1957
date of death	Francisco Urcuyo Maliaños (30 July 1915 -- 14 September 2001) was a Nicaraguan politician, who served as Vice President of Anastasio Somoza Debayle from May 1967 to May 1972.	Francisco Urcuyo	14 September 2001
date of death	Benjamin Bramer (15 February 1588 -- 17 March 1652) was a German mathematician, architect, inventor, and adviser.	Benjamin Bramer	17 March 1652
date of death	Nuala Níc Con Iomaire (died 16 July 2010) was an Irish playwright, producer, translator, artist and poet.	Nuala Níc Con Iomaire	16 July 2010
date of death	Mas Penewu Surakso Hargo, better known as Mbah Maridjan (``Grandfather Maridjan'') (5 February 1927? -- 26 October 2010) was the spiritual guardian or ``gatekeeper'' of the Indonesian volcano Mount Merapi.	Mbah Maridjan	26 October 2010
date of death	Orville Vogel (1907--1991) was an American scientist and wheat breeder whose research made possible the ``Green Revolution'' in world food production.	Orville Vogel	1991
date of death	Dương Đình Nghệ (Hantu: 楊廷藝; ?--937; some sources record Dương Diên Nghệ, Hantu: 楊延藝) was the administrator of Giao Chỉ in around 931 AD.	Dương Đình Nghệ	937
date of death	Karim Mohammedzadeh (Persian: کریم محمدزاده‎‎; b. 1 July 1963 -- 1 April 1990) was an Kurdish dissident who was assassinated in Sweden in 1990.	Karim Mohammedzadeh	1 April 1990
date of death	Charles King Hall (1845-1895), often credited as King Hall, was a versatile English composer of both sacred and secular music.	Charles King Hall	1895
date of death	Andrew McIntyre (9 August 1855 -- 30 March 1941) was a Scottish footballer who played as a full back.	Andrew McIntyre	30 March 1941
date of death	Gavino Gulia (1835--1889) was a Maltese botanist and author of books on flora of that island.	Gavino Gulia	1889
date of death	James Jezreel, real name James Rowland White (cir 1851 -- 2 March 1885), was a nineteenth-century soldier and self-proclaimed prophet.	James Jezreel	2 March 1885
date of death	Nordepert (or Nodepert) was briefly the Abbot of Farfa in 888.	Nordepert	888
date of death	Rufus L. Porter (February 20, 1897 -- February 1979) was a well-regarded poet living in the Pikes Peak region near Cascade, Colorado during the 1950s until his death in 1979.	Rufus L. Porter	February 1979
date of death	Fanny Butcher (September 13, 1888 -- May 11, 1987) was a long time writer and literary critic for the Chicago Tribune newspaper.	Fanny Butcher	1987
date of death	William Mukama (1951-2002), was a Ugandan teacher and politician and founding member of the Ninth October Movement.	William Mukama	2002
date of death	Michael Critobulus (Greek: Μιχαήλ Κριτοβούλος, c. 1410 -- c. 1470) was a Greek politician, scholar and historian.	Michael Critobulus	1470
date of death	Heinrich Amersdorffer (10 December 1905 -- 2 December 1986) was a German painter, printmaker, war artist and art teacher.	Heinrich Amersdorffer	2 December 1986
date of death	Moir Tod Stormonth Darling, Lord Stormonth-Darling FRSE DL LLD (3 November 1844 -- 2 June 1912) was a Scottish Conservative Party politician and judge.	Moir Tod Stormonth Darling, Lord Stormonth-Darling	2 June 1912
date of death	Liviu Constantinescu (26 November 1914 -- 29 November 1997) was a Romanian geophysicist, professor of geophysics, member of the Romanian Academy.	Liviu Constantinescu	29 November 1997
date of death	Emily Bliss Gould (c. 1825 - 31 August 1875 Perugia, Italy) founded a school for Italian children of limited means.	Emily Bliss Gould	1875
date of death	Lope de Hoces (fl. 1619 -- 21 October 1639) was a Spanish admiral who was killed in action at the Battle of the Downs.	Lope de Hoces	21 October 1639
date of death	François Cautaerts (1810 in Brussels -- 1881 in Brussels) was a Belgian art painter from the 19th century.	François Cautaerts	1881
date of death	Maulana Azhar (died 1475) was a Persian calligrapher.	Maulana Azhar	1475
date of death	Reginald Koettlitz (1860--1916) was a British physician and polar explorer.	Reginald Koettlitz	1916
date of death	Peter Gee (1932--2005) was a British-born artist and developer who spent most of his life living and working in New York City.	Peter Gee	2005
date of death	Moran Mar Baselios Mar Thoma Mathews I (27 March 1907 -- 8 November 1996) was the Supreme head of the Indian Orthodox Church, which is also known as Malankara Orthodox Syrian Church.	Baselios Mar Thoma Mathews I	8 November 1996
date of death	Iwao Horiuchi (堀内 岩雄, 9 December 1941 -- 4 March 2015) was a Japanese lightweight freestyle wrestler.	Iwao Horiuchi	4 March 2015
date of death	Nicholas Mills Sr. (23 November 1781 -- 13 September 1862) was a prominent businessman in Richmond, Virginia.	Nicholas Mills	13 September 1862
date of death	Henry Trengove or Nance (by 1521-1561), of Nance in Illogan, Cornwall, was an Cornish politician.	Henry Trengove	1561
date of death	Muhammad Abdul Wahab Siddiqi (1942--1994) was a Sunni Muslim religious scholar and Sufi master.	Abdul Wahab Siddiqi	1994
date of death	An-Nasir ibn Alnas (died 1088) was the fifth ruler of the Hammadids in Algeria, from 1062 until his death.	Nasir ibn Alnas	1088
date of death	Charles L. Walker (1832--1904) was a Latter-day Saint hymnwriter, most noted for having written the words to the hymn ``Dearest Children, God is Near You''.	Charles L. Walker	1904
date of death	Robert Quirk Short (1759 -- 31 January 1827) was a Church of England clergyman who emigrated to Canada in 1796.	Robert Quirk Short	31 January 1827
date of death	Fletcher Christian (25 September 1764 -- 20 September 1793) was master's mate on board HMS Bounty during William Bligh's voyage to Tahiti for breadfruit plants.	Fletcher Christian	20 September 1793
date of death	Frederick Wheeler (1853--1931) (FRIBA) was a British architect, born in Brixton, Surrey, in October 1853.	Frederick Wheeler	1931
date of death	Jules Chapon (1914--2007), was a Dutch artist who moved to France in 1973.	Jules Chapon	2007
date of death	Eudald Pradell (1721--1788) was a typographer.	Eudald Pradell	1788
date of death	Krishna Nath Sarmah (1887-1947) was a renowned nationalist and social reformer from Assam.	Krishna Nath Sarmah	1947
date of death	Vincenzo Galli (1798 -- 1858) was an Italian opera singer and impresario.	Vincenzo Galli	1858
date of death	Sir Arthur Vicars, KCVO (27 July 1862 -- 14 April 1921) was an English-born genealogist and heraldic expert who spent his adult life in Ireland.	Arthur Vicars	14 April 1921
date of death	José María García Lahiguera (9 March 1903 -- 14 July 1989) was a Spanish Roman Catholic who served as the Archbishop of Valencia from 1969 until his resignation came into effect in 1978.	José María García Lahiguera	14 July 1989
date of death	Mohammed Awzal (Berber: Mḥemmed U-Ɛli U-Brahim Akʷbil Awzal / n Yinduzal; 1680--1749) is the most important author in the literary tradition of the Berber Shilha language.	Mohammed Awzal	1749
date of death	William Danvers SL JP (1428 -- 19 April 1504) was a British judge.	William Danvers	19 April 1504
date of death	Lin Yanyu (林延遇) (d. April 15, 956) was a powerful eunuch of the Chinese Five Dynasties and Ten Kingdoms Period state Southern Han.	Lin Yanyu	956
date of death	Hans Peter Edvind Johannesen (born 3 September 1846 in Frederikshald, died 29 November 1909) was a Norwegian barrister and civil servant.	Hans Peter Edvind Johannesen	29 November 1909
date of death	Guman Mal Lodha (1926 -- 22 March 2009) was the chief justice of Gauhati High Court and former member of Lok Sabha.	Guman Mal Lodha	22 March 2009
date of death	Mother Lettice Mary Tredway, C.R.L., (1595 -- October 1677), courtesy title Lady Tredway, was an English canoness regular and abbess who founded a monastery for the English members of her Order in 17th-century Europe.	Lettice Mary Tredway	1677
date of death	John Manners, 4th Earl of Rutland (c. 1559 -- 24 February 1588) was the son of Henry Manners, 2nd Earl of Rutland, and Lady Margaret Neville, daughter of Ralph Neville, 4th Earl of Westmorland.	John Manners, 4th Earl of Rutland	1588
date of death	Herman Schlom (1904--1983) was a film producer who first received film credit as an assistant director for Dracula in 1931.	Herman Schlom	1983
date of death	Norman Feather FRS FRSE PRSE (16 November 1904, Pecket Well, Yorkshire -- 14 August 1978, Christie Hospital, Manchester), was an English nuclear physicist.	Norman Feather	14 August 1978
date of death	Fayette Bartholomew Tower (1817--1857), civil engineer; mayor.	Fayette Bartholomew Tower	1857
date of death	Edward Higginson (9 January 1807 -- 12 February 1880) was an English Unitarian minister and author.	Edward Higginson	12 February 1880
date of death	Sylvester Lewis (October 19, 1908 in Kansas City, Missouri -- 1974 in New York City) was an American jazz trumpeter.	Sylvester Lewis	1974
date of death	Edward More (1479 -- 1541) was an English churchman and educator, Archdeacon of Lewes from 1527 to 1542.	Edward More	1541
date of death	Morris Lurie (30 October 1938 -- 8 October 2014) was an Australian writer of comic novels, short stories, essays, plays, and children's books.	Morris Lurie	8 October 2014
date of death	Josip Boljkovac (Croatian pronunciation: (jǒsip bǒʎkovat͡s), 12 November 1920 -- 10 November 2014) was a Croatian politician who served as the first Minister of Internal Affairs in the Croatian Government.	Josip Boljkovac	10 November 2014
date of death	William Bragge, F.S.A., F.G.S., (31 May 1823 -- 6 June 1884) was a civil engineer, antiquarian, and author.	William Bragge	6 June 1884
date of death	Delfín Benítez Cáceres (24 September 1910 -- 8 January 2004) was a Paraguayan football striker.	Delfín Benítez Cáceres	8 January 2004
date of death	Francesco Contin (1585, Lugano, Switzerland -- 1654 Venice, Italy) was a Swiss-Italian sculptor and architect.	Francesco Contin	1654
date of death	Premaka Gurushantha (Born 2 September 1887, Died 1950) was the first Bishop - in - Church of South India Diocese of Mysore).	Premaka Gurushantha	1950
date of death	Colonel Mohommed Rayyan (died 1986), nicknamed ``Sky Falcon,'' was a fighter pilot with the Iraqi Air Force during the Iran--	Mohommed Rayyan	1986
date of death	Ludwig Wolff de la Marselle or Ludwig Dominik Joseph Regis Wolff de la Marselle (13 March 1747 -- 14 October 1804) was a general in Habsburg Austrian service in the French Revolutionary Wars.	Ludwig Wolff de la Marselle	14 October 1804
date of death	Rodolfo Joaquín Concepción, (1915 -- 1940) better known as Rudy Concepción was a popular Filipino film actor during the 1930s.	Rudy Concepción	1940
date of death	Charles Ashpitel Denton (24 October 1852 -- 28 September 1932) was an English amateur footballer who twice won the FA Cup with Wanderers.	Charles Ashpitel Denton	28 September 1932
date of death	Pat Booth, Lady Lowe (24 April 1943 -- 11 May 2009) was an English model, photographer and author of romantic fiction.	Pat Booth	11 May 2009
date of death	Cui Youfu (崔祐甫) (721 -- July 7, 780), courtesy name Yisun (貽孫), was an official of the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty, serving as a chancellor briefly early during the reign of Emperor Dezong.	Cui Youfu	780
date of death	John Prentiss Benson (also John P. Benson) (1865--1947) was an American architect and artist noted for his maritime paintings.	John Prentiss Benson	1947
date of death	Ernie Everett (3 January 1885 -- 10 March 1938) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Fitzroy in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Ernie Everett	10 March 1938
date of death	Willy Schmidt-Gentner (6 April 1894 -- 12 February 1964) was one of the most successful German composers of film music in the history of German-language cinema.	Willy Schmidt-Gentner	12 February 1964
date of death	Felix Huston (1800--1857) was a lawyer, soldier, military opportunist and the first commanding general of the Army of the Republic of Texas under the Constitution of 1836.	Felix Huston	1857
date of death	Elizabeth Hamilton, Countess of Orkney (1657 -- 19 April 1733) (born Elizabeth Villiers) was an English courtier from the Villiers family and the reputed mistress of William III & II, King of England and Scotland, from 1680 until 1695.	Elizabeth Hamilton, Countess of Orkney	19 April 1733
date of death	Magda Julin (née Mauroy, 24 July 1894 -- 21 December 1990) was a Swedish figure skater who competed in ladies' singles.	Magda Julin	21 December 1990
date of death	Jim Kirwan Irish War of Independence victim, died January 1921.	Jim Kirwan	1921
date of death	Dr John William Ballantyne FRSE FRCPE (4 June 1861 -- 23 January 1923) was a Scottish physician and obstetrician.	John William Ballantyne	1923
date of death	Franciszek Duszeńko (6 April 1925 -- 11 April 2008) was a Polish sculptor, professor of the Academy of Fine Arts in Gdańsk and its Rector in the years 1981--87.	Franciszek Duszeńko	11 April 2008
date of death	Cyril Gwynn (1897--1988) was a British poet, from Gower, in the City and County of Swansea.	Cyril Gwynn	1988
date of death	William Flower, 1st Baron Castle Durrow PC (Ire) (11 March 1685 -- 29 April 1746) was an Anglo-Irish peer and politician.	William Flower, 1st Baron Castle Durrow	29 April 1746
date of death	Sir Trevredyn Rashleigh Wynne (1853-1942) was the Managing Director of the Bengal-Nagpur Railway Company from 1915 until 1930 when he became Chairman.	Trevredyn Rashleigh Wynne	1942
date of death	Henry Villiers-Stuart, 1st Baron Stuart de Decies PC (8 June 1803 -- 23 January 1874), was a British Tory politician.	Henry Villiers-Stuart, 1st Baron Stuart de Decies	23 January 1874
date of death	Robert le Poer (died 1344) was an Irish judge and Crown official who held the offices of Lord High Treasurer of Ireland and Chief Baron of the Irish Exchequer.	Robert le Poer	1344
date of death	Andrea Pozzi (1778--1833) was an Italian painter, active mainly in his native Rome, as a painter of religious and mythologic histories.	Andrea Pozzi	1833
date of death	Ilija Birčanin (Serbian Cyrillic: Илија Бирчанин; 12 August 1764 - 4 January 1804) was a Serbian knez (Duke) who was killed during the Slaughter of the Dukes, the incident that sparked the First Serbian Uprising of the Serbian Revolution, ultimately leading to Serbia's liberation from the Ottoman Empire.	Ilija Birčanin	4 January 1804
date of death	Elena Cantacuzino (1611--1687) was a Wallachian noble.	Elena Cantacuzino	1687
date of death	Lillian Cotton (1892--1962) was an American artist known for her portraits, especially of high-society figures and well-known actors, writers, and artists of her day.	Lillian Cotton	1962
date of death	Claudio Gabriele de Launay (6 October 1786 -- 21 February 1850) was prime minister of the Kingdom of Sardinia from 27 March to 7 May 1849.	Claudio Gabriele de Launay	21 February 1850
date of death	Edmund Schlink (3 March 1903 -- 20 May 1984) was a leading German Lutheran theologian in the modern ecumenical movement, especially in the World Council of Churches.	Edmund Schlink	20 May 1984
date of death	Welland Lathrop (1905--1981) was a dancer, teacher, painter, and choreographer and a leader of the west coast modern and avant-garde dance movement.	Welland Lathrop	1981
date of death	Béni Grosschmid (6 November 1852 -- 7 September 1938), also known as Beno Zsögöd, was a Hungarian jurist.	Béni Grosschmid	7 September 1938
date of death	Philip Falle (1656--1742) was a clergyman and historian of Jersey.	Philip Falle	1742
date of death	Walter Scott of Harden (before 1563 -- 1629), also known as Auld Wat, was a notorious Border Reiver.	Walter Scott of Harden	1629
date of death	Johann Georg Danninger (died 1848) was an Austrian bronzesmith, known for making many of the bronze items that decorated the Viennese court of the Austrian Empire in the 19th century.	Johann Georg Danninger	1848
date of death	Prince Hans Ulrich von Eggenberg (1568 -- 18 October 1634) was an Austrian statesman, a son of Seyfried von Eggenberg, Lord of Erbersdorf (1526-1594), and great-grandson of Balthasar Eggenberger (died 1493).	Hans Ulrich von Eggenberg	18 October 1634
date of death	Joli Jászai (21 May 1907 -- 26 September 2008) was a Hungarian actress and entertainer.	Joli Jászai	26 September 2008
date of death	Rt. Rev. Joseph Sakunoshin Motoda D.D. (22 February 1862 -- 16 April 1928, 元田 作之進) was the first Japanese born Bishop of Tokyo in the Nippon Sei Ko Kai, the Anglican Church in Japan.	Joseph Sakunoshin Motoda	16 April 1928
date of death	He Changling (simplified Chinese: 贺长龄; traditional Chinese: 賀長齡; pinyin: Hè Chánglíng; Wade--Giles: He Ch'angling), (March 18, 1785--July 6, 1848), courtesy name Ougen (耦耕), was a Chinese scholar and official of the Qing dynasty from Changsha, Hunan.	He Changling	1848
date of death	Roger II Trencavel (died March 1194) was the Viscount of Carcassonne, Béziers, Razès, and Albi from 1167 or 1171 until his death.	Roger II Trencavel	1194
date of death	Elizabeth Allan (9 April 1910 -- 27 July 1990) was an English actress who worked in both Britain and Hollywood, making about 50 films over more than a quarter century.	Elizabeth Allan	27 July 1990
date of death	Elaine Kowalsky (September 24, 1948 -- September 17, 2005) was a Canadian printmaker and artists' rights campaigner who lived and worked in the United Kingdom for over 30 years.	Elaine Kowalsky	2005
date of death	Sam Donahue (18 March 1918 -- 22 March 1974) was an American swing music jazz tenor saxophonist, trumpeter and musical arranger.	Sam Donahue	22 March 1974
date of death	Vladimir Potapov (January 24, 1914 -- December 21, 1980) was a renowned Ukrainian mathematician.	Vladimir Potapov	1980
date of death	Lady Anne Beauchamp, 16th Countess of Warwick (13 July 1426 -- 20 September 1492) was the daughter of Richard Beauchamp, 13th Earl of Warwick, and his second wife Isabel le Despenser, a daughter of Thomas le Despenser (22 September 1373 -- 13 January 1399/1400) and Constance of York.	Anne Beauchamp, 16th Countess of Warwick	20 September 1492
date of death	Gregory Fiennes, 10th Baron Dacre (25 June 1539, Hurstmonceaux, Sussex -- 25 December 1594, Chelsea, Middlesex, England) was an English courtier.	Gregory Fiennes, 10th Baron Dacre	25 December 1594
date of death	Cornwallis Maude, 1st Viscount Hawarden (19 September 1729 - 23 August 1803) was an Anglo-Irish peer and politician.	Cornwallis Maude, 1st Viscount Hawarden	23 August 1803
date of death	Sir John Stepney, 8th Baronet (1743-1811), of Llanelli, Carmarthenshire, was a politician.	Sir John Stepney, 8th Baronet	1811
date of death	Dinis Gregório de Melo Castro e Mendonça (Lisbon, 11 April 1735 -- Angra, 3 December 1793) was a member of high nobility, military and Portuguese colonial administrator, who exercised the role as the Captain-General of the Azores (1771-1793).	Dinis Gregório de Melo Castro e Mendonça	3 December 1793
date of death	Domenico Brescia (1866--1939) was an Italian composer who taught in Chile and Ecuador, then became known in the United States for writing chamber music as well as musical accompaniment for dramatic performances.	Domenico Brescia	1939
date of death	Hugh William Peel (14 September 1887 -- 4 March 1975), better known as Gillie Potter, was an English comedian and broadcaster.	Gillie Potter	4 March 1975
date of death	Rudolf Ernest Langer (8 March 1894 -- 11 March 1968) was an American mathematician, known for the Langer correction and as a president of the Mathematical Association of America.	Rudolf Ernest Langer	11 March 1968
date of death	John Hamrick (1875--1956) was an American entrepreneur in the theater business.	John Hamrick	1956
date of death	John Mylles (c. 1604 -- March 1676) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons in 1659 and 1660.	John Mylles	March 1676
date of death	Bjørn Bjørnson (15 November 1859 -- 14 May 1942) was a Norwegian stage actor and theatre director.	Bjørn Bjørnson	14 May 1942
date of death	Blind Harry (c. 1440 -- 1492), also known as Harry, Hary or Henry the Minstrel, is renowned as the author of The Actes and Deidis of the Illustre and Vallyeant Campioun Schir William Wallace, more commonly known as The Wallace.	Blind Harry	1492
date of death	Otto Max Koegel (16 October 1895 -- 27 June 1946) was a Nazi officer who served as a commander at Lichtenburg, Ravensbrück, Majdanek and Flossenbürg concentration camps.	Max Koegel	27 June 1946
date of death	John Watney (27 January 1834 -- 25 March 1923) was Honorary Secretary of the City and Guilds of London Institute for the Advancement of Technical Education.	John Watney	25 March 1923
date of death	Sree Padmanabhadasa Sree Uthradom Thirunal Marthanda Varma (22 March 1922 -- 16 December 2013) was the titular Maharaja of Travancore.	Uthradom Thirunal Marthanda Varma	16 December 2013
date of death	Carl Agardh Westerlund (12 January 1831 in Berga, near Kalmar -- 28 February 1908 in Ronneby) was a Swedish malacologist.	Carl Agardh Westerlund	1908
date of death	Bohdan Skaradziński (pen names Jan Brzoza, Kazimierz Podlaski; 5 January 1931 -- 4 May 2014) was a Polish writer and social activist.	Bohdan Skaradziński	4 May 2014
date of death	Henry Jacob (1563--1624) was an English clergyman of Calvinist views, who founded a separatist congregation associated with the Brownists.	Henry Jacob	1624
date of death	Tom Peake (c.1720--1767) was a noted English cricketer of the mid-18th century.	Tom Peake	1767
date of death	Nectarius of Jerusalem, born Nektarios Pelopidis (Greek: Νεκτάριος Πελοπίδης, 1602--1676) was the Greek Orthodox Patriarch of Jerusalem from 1661 to 1669.	Nectarius of Jerusalem	1676
date of death	Yosef Navon (1858--1934) was a Jerusalem businessman and the man principally responsible for the construction of the Jaffa--	Yosef Navon	1934
date of death	Henry Odera Oruka (1 June 1944, Nyanza Province -- 9 December 1995, Nairobi) was a Kenyan philosopher who is best known for ``Sage Philosophy,'' a project started in the 1970s in an attempt to preserve the knowledge of the indigenous thinkers in traditional African communities.	Henry Odera Oruka	9 December 1995
date of death	Johann Jacob Zimmermann (November 25, 1642 -- 1693) was a German nonconformist theologian, millenarian, mathematician, and astronomer.	Johann Jacob Zimmermann	1693
date of death	Siegfried Taub (1876, Telč, Margraviate of Moravia -- 1946) was a Sudeten German Jewish politician from Czechoslovakia.	Siegfried Taub	1946
date of death	Count Lajos Tisza de Borosjenő et Szeged (12 September 1832 - 26 January 1898) was a Hungarian politician, who served as Minister besides the King between 1892 and 1894.	Lajos Tisza	26 January 1898
date of death	Bindon Blood Stoney FRS (13 June 1828, Oakley Park, County Offaly -- 5 May 1909, Dublin) was an Irish engineer.	Bindon Blood Stoney	5 May 1909
date of death	Solomon kaDinuzulu (1891--1933) was the king of the Zulu nation from 1913 until his death on 4 March 1933 at Kambi.	Solomon kaDinuzulu	4 March 1933
date of death	Sophia Armitt (1847 -- 12 June 1908) was a British teacher, writer, and naturalist.	Sophia Armitt	12 June 1908
date of death	Daniël van Vlierden (1651, Hasselt -- 1716, Hasselt) was a Flemish sculptor who is mainly known for his Baroque sculpture in churches in the Prince-Bishopric of Liège.	Daniël van Vlierden	1716
date of death	Jelena Balšić (Serbian Cyrillic: Јелена Балшић; 1365/1366 -- 1443), also known as Jelena Lazarević, was a medieval Serbian noblewoman and a member of the Lazarević dynasty.	Jelena Balšić	1443
date of death	Emilio Brambilla (26 June 1882 -- 17 October 1938) was an Italian athlete	Emilio Brambilla	17 October 1938
date of death	Rueben Berry (died March 1998) was a Canadian Football League coach who served as the head coach of the Saskatchewan Roughriders from 1983 to 1984.	Rueben Berry	March 1998
date of death	Henry MacManus (MRHA) (c. 1810 -- 22 March 1878) was an Irish artist and teacher.	Henry MacManus	1878
date of death	After Nymphidius' death, Sporus would, in the year 69, become involved with Otho, who was also killed by his enemies.	Sporus	69
date of death	Benjamin Morrell (July 5, 1795 -- 1838 or 1839?) was an American sea captain, explorer and trader who made a number of voyages, mainly to the Atlantic, the Southern Ocean and the Pacific Islands.	Benjamin Morrell	1839
date of death	Frederik Vilhelm August Meinert (1833, in Copenhagen -- 1912), was a Danish entomologist and editor of the first series of Entomologiske Meddelelser.	Frederik Vilhelm August Meinert	1912
date of death	Arnold Wathen Robinson RWA, FMGP (1888--1955) was an English stained-glass artist.	Arnold Wathen Robinson	1955
date of death	Jacqueline Briskin, née Orgell (18 December 1927 -- 24 December 2014) was a British-born American writer specializing in historical fiction from 1970 to 1995.	Jacqueline Briskin	24 December 2014
date of death	Brian Lemon (11 February 1937 -- 11 October 2014) was a British jazz pianist and arranger.	Brian Lemon	11 October 2014
date of death	Willie Horne (23 January 1922 -- 25 March 2001) was an English rugby league footballer.	Willie Horne	25 March 2001
date of death	Henry Cavendish, 2nd Duke of Newcastle-upon-Tyne, KG, PC (24 June 1630 -- 26 July 1691), styled Viscount Mansfield until 1676, was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1660 to 1676, and then inherited the dukedom.	Henry Cavendish, 2nd Duke of Newcastle	26 July 1691
date of death	John Carnegie, 1st Earl of Northesk (1611--1667), was a Scottish noble who supported the Royalist cause during the Wars of the Three Kingdoms.	John Carnegie, 1st Earl of Northesk	1667
date of death	Robert Brook Aspland (19 January 1805 - 21 June 1869) was an English Unitarian minister and editor.	Robert Brook Aspland	1869
date of death	Ron Hovey OAM (25 August 1932 -- 6 January 2015) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Geelong in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Ron Hovey	6 January 2015
date of death	Evgen Sajovic (25 November 1913 - 1986) was a Slovene painter, also known for his frescos and sgraffito as well as book illustrations.	Evgen Sajovic	1986
date of death	Giacomo Giuseppe Federico Delpino (27 December 1833 -- 14 May 1905) was an Italian botanist who made very important observations on the pollination of flowers by insects.	Federico Delpino	14 May 1905
date of death	Christian Lupus (23 July 1612 -- 10 July 1681) was a historian.	Christian Lupus	10 July 1681
date of death	Karol Hiller (6 December 1891 in Łódź - December 1939) was a Polish painter.	Karol Hiller	1939
date of death	Aron Elias Seligmann (26 April 1747 -- 11 January 1824) was a German Jewish financier.	Aron Elias Seligmann	11 January 1824
date of death	George Trewick (15 November 1933 -- 2003) was an English footballer who played as a Wing half.	George Trewick	2003
date of death	Barry Mather (20 February 1909 -- 30 March 1982) was a Canadian journalist, columnist, and politician.	Barry Mather	30 March 1982
date of death	John Seden (1840--1921) was a hybridist and horticulturist best known for the hybrids he created while in the employment of Veitch Nurseries.	John Seden	1921
date of death	Nicholas Eymerich (Catalan: Nicolau Aymerich) (c. 1316 -- 4 January 1399) was a Roman Catholic theologian and Inquisitor General of the Inquisition of the Crown of Aragon in the later half of the 14th century.	Nicholas Eymerich	4 January 1399
date of death	Marko Lerinski (Bulgarian: Марко Лерински, ``Marko of Florina''; 20 June 1862--13 June 1902) was the nickname of Georgi Ivanov Gyurov (Георги Иванов Гюров), also known as Georgi Geroyski or Marko Voyvoda, a Bulgarian military man and revolutionary.	Marko Lerinski	13 June 1902
date of death	John William Nicholson, FRS (1 November 1881 -- 3 October 1955) was an English mathematician.	John William Nicholson	3 October 1955
date of death	Nuño Álvarez de Carazo (floruit 1028--1054) was a Castilian nobleman, diplomat, and warrior.	Nuño Álvarez de Carazo	1054
date of death	Kay Daniels (17 June 1941 -- 17 July 2001) was a historian and a public servant, who made a significant contribution to knowledge on women in Australia, as well as Australian social and colonial history.	Kay Daniels	17 July 2001
date of death	General Walther Buhle (26 October 1894 -- 28 December 1959) was an infantry General in the German army who was the Chief of the Army Staff of the Oberkommando der Wehrmacht from 1942 and chief of armaments for the army in 1945.	Walther Buhle	28 December 1959
date of death	Dick Hingston (16 December 1915 -- 3 December 1999) was an Australian rules footballer who played for Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Dick Hingston	December 1999
date of death	Pieter Bast (ca 1550 -- 17 March 1605) was a Dutch cartographer, engraver and draftsman.	Pieter Bast	17 March 1605
date of death	Frank Abney Hastings (Greek: Φραγκίσκος Άστιγξ) (14 February 1794 -- 1 June 1828) was a British naval officer and Philhellene.	Frank Abney Hastings	1 June 1828
date of death	Earl Anthony Robinson (8 December 1955 -- 1980), better known as General Echo, aka Ranking Slackness, was one of the first reggae deejays to move away from 'cultural' lyrics towards 'slackness' (risqué or sexually explicit lyrics).	General Echo	1980
date of death	Harry L. Hansen (21 October 1911, New York City - 3 August 1992, Cambridge Massachusetts) was a pioneer of management education.	Harry L. Hansen	3 August 1992
date of death	Edward Garth-Turnour, 1st Earl Winterton FRS (1734 -- 10 August 1788) was a British politician.	Edward Garth-Turnour, 1st Earl Winterton	10 August 1788
date of death	Nikolaos Trikoupis (Greek: Νικόλαος Τρικούπης; 1868--1956) was a Greek general and politician, most notable for his service in the Greco-Turkish War of 1919--1922, where he was taken as a prisoner of war.	Nikolaos Trikoupis	1956
date of death	Alonso Meléndez de Guzmán (b. ? - d. 1342) was a Spanish noble from León of the House of Guzmán.	Alonso Meléndez de Guzmán	1342
date of death	Erwin Chargaff (11 August 1905 -- 20 June 2002) was an Austro-Hungarian biochemist who immigrated to the United States during the Nazi era and was a professor of biochemistry at Columbia University medical school.	Erwin Chargaff	20 June 2002
date of death	Kuai Xiang (Chinese: 蒯祥; pinyin: Kuǎi Xiáng; 1398--1481) was a Chinese architect and engineer widely known as designer of the Forbidden City and originator of the Xiangshan Carpenters.	Kuai Xiang	1481
date of death	Ignác Frank (1788--1850) was a Hungarian jurist and one of the most renowned private law scholars of his time.	Ignác Frank	1850
date of death	Henry Clay Whitney (23 February 1831 -- 1905) was a United States lawyer who was a close friend of President Abraham Lincoln, and later a biographer of the president.	Henry Clay Whitney	1905
date of death	Shaheed (Martyr) Corporal Hussain Adam, was a Maldivian soldier who died while defending the Maldives National Defence Force headquarters, during the 1988 Maldives coup d'état on 3 November 1988.	Hussain Adam	3 November 1988
date of death	Sir Daniel Cooper, 1st Baronet GCMG (1 July 1821 -- 5 June 1902) was the first speaker of the Legislative Assembly of New South Wales and a noted philatelist.	Sir Daniel Cooper, 1st Baronet	5 June 1902
date of death	François-Marie Treyve (1847--1906) was a French landscape gardener.	François-Marie Treyve	1906
date of death	John W. Slayton (1863--1935) was an American socialist lecturer and politician.	John W. Slayton	1935
date of death	Joseph Coleman Smith (17 May 1934 -- 5 September 1998), who performed and recorded under the name Sonny Knight, was an African-American singer, songwriter and author.	Sonny Knight	5 September 1998
date of death	Pomponio Allegri (1521 -- fl. 1593) was an Italian painter, the son of Correggio.	Pomponio Allegri	1593
date of death	Lavemai Kitione Takitau (16 April 1934 -- 2 June 2006), who fought under the name Kitione Lave, was a Tongan heavyweight boxer.	Kitione Lave	2 June 2006
date of death	Peter Mews (25 March 1619 -- 9 November 1706) was an English Royalist theologian and bishop.	Peter Mews	9 November 1706
date of death	Allan Roberts (28 October 1943 -- 21 March 1990) was a British politician who was the Labour Member of Parliament for Bootle from 1979 until his death.	Allan Roberts	21 March 1990
date of death	Burton Wadsworth Jones (1 October 1902, Redwood Falls, Minnesota -- 8 December 1983, Wellesley, Massachusetts) was an American mathematician, known for his work on quadratic forms.	Burton Wadsworth Jones	8 December 1983
date of death	Nyan Shein gives Ba Zaw's date of death as 1943, but Amar claims that her husband found Ba Zaw's obituary in the newspaper and that he died on 11 December 1942.	Ba Zaw	1942
date of death	Fred Backway (2 October 1913 -- 28 March 1995) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with South Melbourne, Melbourne and Fitzroy in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Fred Backway	28 March 1995
date of death	Irene Lieblich (20 April 1923 -- 28 December 2008) was a Polish-born artist and Holocaust survivor noted for illustrating the books of Nobel laureate Isaac Bashevis Singer and for her paintings highlighting Jewish life and culture.	Irene Lieblich	28 December 2008
date of death	Sir Mountstuart Elphinstone Grant Duff GCSI CIE PC FRS (21 February 1829 -- 12 January 1906), known as M. E. Grant Duff before 1887 and as Sir Mountstuart Grant Duff thereafter, was a Scottish politician, administrator and author.	M. E. Grant Duff	12 January 1906
date of death	Ha Po-gyong (Hangul: 하보경; born 1906 - died 1996) was a Korean dancer who was designated an Important Intangible Cultural Asset.	Ha Po-gyong	1996
date of death	Ronald Acott Hall CBE (24 May 1892 -- 21 March 1966), was a British diplomat, writer and Liberal Party politician.	Ronald Acott Hall	21 March 1966
date of death	Jaime Valencia (1916 in Quito -- 2010) was an Ecuadorian painter and sculptor.	Jaime Valencia	2010
date of death	Gloria Fonda (1896 - January 20, 1978) was a U.S. actress of the silent film era.	Gloria Fonda	1978
date of death	George H. Kendall (c.1854--1924) was the president of the New York Bank Note Company, that printed stock certificates.	George H. Kendall	1924
date of death	Solomon Adler (August 6, 1909 -- August 4, 1994) was an economist in the U.S. Treasury Department who served as Treasury representative in China during World War II. He was identified by Whittaker Chambers and Elizabeth Bentley as a Soviet intelligence source and resigned from the Treasury Department in 1950.	Solomon Adler	1994
date of death	Luigi Vannucchi (25 November 1930 -- 30 August 1978) was an Italian film, stage and television actor.	Luigi Vannucchi	30 August 1978
date of death	Bruno Metsu (French pronunciation: ​(bʁyno mɛtsy); 28 January 1954 -- 14 October 2013) was a French footballer and football manager.	Bruno Metsu	14 October 2013
date of death	Doina Badea (6 January 1940, Craiova - 4 March 1977, Bucharest) was a Romanian singer of popular music.	Doina Badea	4 March 1977
date of death	Duchess Charlotte Frederica of Mecklenburg-Schwerin (4 December 1784 -- 13 July 1840), was the first wife of King Christian VIII from 1806 until 1810, before he became King of Denmark.	Duchess Charlotte Frederica of Mecklenburg-Schwerin	13 July 1840
date of death	Wynne Ellis (1790--1875) was a wealthy British haberdasher, politician and art collector.	Wynne Ellis	1875
date of death	Rice Price (born 3 January 1807 at Wroughton, Wiltshire; died 30 November 1845 at Oxford) was an English cricketer with amateur status.	Rice Price	30 November 1845
date of death	John Chester Buttre (10 June 1821 Auburn, New York -- 2 December 1893 Ridgewood, New Jersey), was an American steel-plate engraver and lithographer, responsible for some 3 000 engraved portraits of American political, naval and military personalities.	John Chester Buttre	2 December 1893
date of death	Rafał Górski (22 September 1973 -- 4 July 2010) was a Polish historian, writer, anarchist, trade union and housing activist.	Rafał Górski	4 July 2010
date of death	Thomas Tomkis (or Tomkys) (c. 1580 -- 1634) was an English playwright of the late Elizabethan and the Jacobean eras, and arguably one of the more cryptic figures of English Renaissance drama.	Thomas Tomkis	1634
date of death	Dinos Dimopoulos (Greek: Ντίνος Δημόπουλος; 22 August 1921 -- 28 February 2003) was a Greek actor, film director, screenwriter and theatre director.	Dinos Dimopoulos	28 February 2003
date of death	William Patrick Ryan (1867 -- 1942), was an Irish author and journalist.	William Patrick Ryan	1942
date of death	Gotthardt Kuehl (28 November 1850 -- 9 January 1915) was a German painter and a representative of early German Impressionism.	Gotthardt Kuehl	9 January 1915
date of death	Pope Gregory XIII (Latin: Gregorius XIII; 7 January 1502 -- 10 April 1585), born Ugo Boncompagni, was Pope of the Catholic Church from 13 May 1572 to his death in 1585.	Pope Gregory XIII	10 April 1585
date of death	George Alexander Hamilton (29 August 1802 -- 17 September 1871) was a minor British Conservative Party politician and later a prominent civil servant.	George Alexander Hamilton	17 September 1871
date of death	Richard Vicary (1918-2006) was a British artist and printmaker.	Richard Vicary	2006
date of death	Emperor Gaozu of Tang (566 -- 25 June 635), born Li Yuan, courtesy name Shude, was the founder of the Tang Dynasty of China, and the first emperor of this dynasty from 618 to 626.	Emperor Gaozu of Tang	25 June 635
date of death	Makhdum Muhammad Ajmal (7 September 1919, Ludhiana, India -- 1994) was an academic psychologist who established the first university psychology department in Pakistan.	Muhammad Ajmal	1994
date of death	Joseph Francis Joy (September 13, 1883 - February 1957) was born in the small mining town of Cumberland, Maryland.	Joseph Francis Joy	1957
date of death	Bayard Dodge (1888--1972) was an Islamic scholar and former president of the American University in Beirut.	Bayard Dodge	1972
date of death	Dame Adeline Genée DBE (6 January 1878 -- 23 April 1970) was a Danish/British ballet dancer.	Adeline Genée	23 April 1970
date of death	Jean Batmale (18 September 1895 -- 3 June 1973) was a professional French footballer.	Jean Batmale	3 June 1973
date of death	Otakar Vávra (28 February 1911 -- 15 September 2011) was a Czech film director, screenwriter and pedagogue.	Otakar Vávra	15 September 2011
date of death	Princess Joséphine Caroline of Belgium (18 October 1872 -- 6 January 1958).	Princess Joséphine Caroline of Belgium	6 January 1958
date of death	Carlo Randanini (Rome -Turin, 1884) was an Italian painter, in oil and watercolor, mainly of genre subjects, including costume genre.	Carlo Randanini	1884
date of death	Jean Baptiste Louis DeCourtel Marchand (died 1722 in Wetumpka, Alabama) was a French soldier.	Jean Baptiste Louis DeCourtel Marchand	1722
date of death	Pablo Vicente de Solá, (1761--1826), was a Basque, and the twelfth and last Spanish colonial governor of Alta California, 1815-1822.	Pablo Vicente de Solá	1822
date of death	Cyril Pearce (28 January 1908 -- 1990) was an English footballer who played in the Football League for Charlton Athletic, Newport County and Swansea Town.	Cyril Pearce	1990
date of death	Edward Stafford, 2nd Earl of Wiltshire (7 April 1470 -- 24 March 1499) was an English nobleman.	Edward Stafford, 2nd Earl of Wiltshire	24 March 1499
date of death	Charles Dundas Lawrie (8 February 1923 -- 31 August 1976) was a Scottish International golfer, administrator, and golf course architect; described as one of the best golfers of his era and as one of golf architecture's finest representatives.	Charles Dundas Lawrie	31 August 1976
date of death	Andrew Picken (1788 -- 23 November 1833) was a novelist born in Paisley, Scotland.	Andrew Picken	23 November 1833
date of death	Nicolas Geffrard (1871--1930) was a Haitian musician best known for composing La Dessalinienne, the Haitian national anthem.	Nicolas Geffrard	1930
date of death	Jacques Brown (first name pronounced ``Jakes'') (23 August 1900 - 3 April 1975) was a British radio producer.	Jacques Brown	3 April 1975
date of death	Laurie Thompson (26 February 1938 -- 8 June 2015) was a British academic and translator, noted for his translations of Swedish literature into English.	Laurie Thompson	8 June 2015
date of death	Ramón Belloso (1810--1858) was a Salvadoran military man.	Ramón Belloso	1858
date of death	Gerardo Emilio San Clemente Zárate (1818 Remedios, Antioquia - 1880 Barcelona) was a photographer and painter from Colombia.	Gerardo Emilio San Clemente Zárate	1880
date of death	Theobald Stapleton, alias Teabóid Gallduf or Gallduff (1589 -- 13 September 1647), was an Irish Roman Catholic priest born in County Tipperary, Ireland.	Theobald Stapleton	13 September 1647
date of death	Ezekiel Abraham Ezekiel (1757--1806) was an English engraver.	Ezekiel Abraham Ezekiel	1806
date of death	Frank Lewis Dowling (18 October 1823 -- 10 October 1867, in Norfolk Street, Strand, London) was a British newspaper editor.	Frank Lewis Dowling	10 October 1867
date of death	Perez ben Elijah of Corbeil (died 1295) was a French tosafist, son of the Talmudist Elijah of Tours.	Perez ben Elijah	1295
date of death	Onni Aukusti Mäenpää (5 January 1891, Soini - 1933, Petrozavodsk) was a Finnish shoemaker and politician.	Aukusti Mäenpää	1933
date of death	Arthur Lawley, 6th Baron Wenlock, GCSI GCIE KCMG (12 November 1860 -- 14 June 1932), was a British colonial administrator who served variously as Administrator of Matabeleland, Governor of Western Australia, Lieutenant-Governor of the Transvaal, and Governor of Madras.	Arthur Lawley, 6th Baron Wenlock	14 June 1932
date of death	George Sullivan Dodge (3 August 1838 - 24 August 1881) was an American military officer and merchant.	George Sullivan Dodge	24 August 1881
date of death	Prince Peter of Greece and Denmark (Greek: Πρίγκιψ Πέτρος της Ελλάδος; 3 December 1908 -- 15 October 1980) was a Greek soldier and anthropologist specialising in Tibetan culture and polyandry.	Prince Peter of Greece and Denmark	15 October 1980
date of death	John Bernard Lee (10 January 1908 -- 16 January 1981), known as Bernard Lee, was an English actor best known for his role as M in the first eleven Eon-produced James Bond films.	Bernard Lee	16 January 1981
date of death	George Layman was born at Wonnerup House in 1838 and resided there until his death on 26 March 1922.	George Layman	26 March 1922
date of death	Henry de Cobham, 1st Baron Cobham (of Kent) (c. 1260 -- 25 August 1339) was an English Peer.	Henry de Cobham, 1st Baron Cobham	25 August 1339
date of death	Karl Georg Erwin Walter Caspari (26 July 1877 -- 29 July 1962) was a German military officer, policeman, and leader of a Freikorps militia unit named after him.	Walter Caspari	29 July 1962
date of death	Keith Ransom-Kehler (February 14, 1876--October 27, 1933) was an American Bahá'í and Hand of the Cause of God.	Keith Ransom-Kehler	1933
date of death	Nadezhda Chaikova (Чайкова Надежда) (1963--1996) was a correspondent for the Russian weekly Obshchaya Gazeta.	Nadezhda Chaikova	1996
date of death	Thomas Brown Clark (1895--1983) was a Scottish painter who worked in oils, pastels and watercolours.	Thomas Brown Clark	1983
date of death	Giacomo Tebaldi (died 1465) (called the Cardinal of Montefeltro or the Cardinal of Sant'Anastasia) was an Italian Roman Catholic bishop and cardinal.	Giacomo Tebaldi	1465
date of death	Godas (died 533) was a Gothic nobleman of the Vandal kingdom in North Africa.	Godas	533
date of death	Deryk Mendel (1920 - 28 May 2013) was a British ballet dancer, choreographer, actor and director.	Deryk Mendel	28 May 2013
date of death	Count Karl Leopold von Schlieben (German: Karl Leopold Graf von Schlieben, 3 February 1723 -- 18 April 1788) was the Royal Prussian Minister of War between 1769 and 1772.	Count Karl Leopold von Schlieben	18 April 1788
date of death	Clara Elisabeth of Manderscheid-Blankenheim (1631 -- 7 April 1688) was canoness at Thorn Abbey and Essen Abbey and Deanness at Elten Abbey.	Clara Elisabeth of Manderscheid-Blankenheim	7 April 1688
date of death	Thomas Mukarobgwa (1924--1999) was a Zimbabwean painter and sculptor who worked as a gallery attendant for much of his career.	Thomas Mukarobgwa	1999
date of death	Armand Vetulani (16 December 1909 -- 3 April 1994) was a Polish art historian and educator, first director of the Central Bureau for Art Exhibitions.	Armand Vetulani	3 April 1994
date of death	Gaspare Diziani (1689 -- 17 August 1767) was an Italian painter of the late-Baroque or Roccoco period, active mainly in the Veneto but also in Dresden and Munich.	Gaspare Diziani	17 August 1767
date of death	Joseph Vollmer (1871--1955) was a German automobile designer and engineer and a pioneering tank designer.	Joseph Vollmer	1955
date of death	Leonard Carey (25 February 1887 -- 11 September 1977) was an English-born character actor who very often played butlers in Hollywood films of the 1930s, '40s, and '50s.	Leonard Carey	11 September 1977
date of death	Alan Squire (9 February 1927 -- 12 June 2003) was an Australian rules footballer who played with St Kilda in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Alan Squire	12 June 2003
date of death	Rowland Dawkins (died 1691) was a Welsh military colonel and politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1654 and 1656.	Rowland Dawkins	1691
date of death	Archibald Mosman (15 October 1799 -- 29 January 1863) was a Scottish-born merchant, grazier and whaler in New South Wales, Australia.	Archibald Mosman	29 January 1863
date of death	Karl Emil Ståhlberg (30 November 1862 -- 27 June 1919) was a Finnish photographer and engineer.	Karl Emil Ståhlberg	27 June 1919
date of death	Lucy Godiva Woodcock (23 February 1889 -- 29 February 1968) was an Australian pacifist, schoolteacher, trade union official and women's activist.	Lucy Godiva Woodcock	29 February 1968
date of death	Richard Wooddeson (1745--1822) was an English jurist, Vinerian Professor of English Law from 1777.	Richard Wooddeson	1822
date of death	Sidsel Ulfstand (died 1575), was a Danish (Scanian) landholder and county administrator.	Sidsel Ulfstand	1575
date of death	Jakob Sande (1 December 1906 -- 16 March 1967) was a Norwegian writer, poet and folk singer from Dale in Sunnfjord.	Jakob Sande	16 March 1967
date of death	David Gaunson (3 September 1879 -- 7 March 1946) was an Australian rules footballer who played with St Kilda in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	David Gaunson	7 March 1946
date of death	Anwar Pasha (Bengali: আনোয়ার পাশা; 1928--1971) was a Bangladeshi author and novelist.	Anwar Pasha	1971
date of death	Ida Lupino (4 February 1918 -- 3 August 1995) was an Anglo-American film actress, singer, director and producer, a pioneer among women filmmakers.	Ida Lupino	3 August 1995
date of death	Charles Roka (Róka Károly, 1912--1999) was a Hungarian painter living in Norway whose name became synonymous with an excess of artistic kitsch.	Charles Roka	1999
date of death	Mollie Harris (born Mollie Woodley, 23 June 1913 -- 2 October 1995) was an English actress and author, known for her appearances as village shopkeeper Martha Woodford in the BBC Radio soap opera The Archers.	Mollie Harris	2 October 1995
date of death	José Datrino, known as prophet Gentileza (11 April 1917 -- 28 May 1996) was a Brazilian urban personality, kind of a preacher, which became known from 1980 by making quirky inscriptions under an overpass in Rio de Janeiro, where he walked in a white robe and long beard.	Gentileza	1996
date of death	Leo Drabent (15 June 1899 -- 20 November 1944) was a German peace campaigner and Communist activist.	Leo Drabent	20 November 1944
date of death	Hermann Wesel (died June 1563) was a German ecclesiastic in Livonia, and the last Roman Catholic Bishop of Dorpat (Tartu).	Hermann Wesel	June 1563
date of death	Sir Richard Grosvenor, 2nd Baronet (c. 1604 -- 31 January 1665) was an ancestor of the modern day Dukes of Westminster.	Sir Richard Grosvenor, 2nd Baronet	1665
date of death	Alta M. Hulett (born near Rockford, Illinois, 4 June 1854; died in California, 27 March 1877) was a United States lawyer.	Alta M. Hulett	1877
date of death	Ray Wartman (29 January 1915 -- 20 April 2008) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne in the VFL.	Ray Wartman	20 April 2008
date of death	Marko Penov (2 October 1922 -- 24 March 1998) was a well known Serbian artistic woodcarver and restorer of artifacts.	Marko Penov	24 March 1998
date of death	Francesco Comi, also known as il Muto da Verona or il Fornaretto, (Bologna, 1682 - 1 January 1769) was an Italian painter of the Baroque Period.	Francesco Comi	1 January 1769
date of death	Bahadur Singh Dhakad (died 19 September 2007) was an Indian politician.	Bahadur Singh Dhakad	19 September 2007
date of death	John Kingsmill (1 September 1920 - 6 August 2013) was an Australian author, actor and public speaker, and amateur social historian.	John Kingsmill	6 August 2013
date of death	Fritz Tarnow (April 13, 1880, Bad Oeynhausen, Province of Westphalia - October 23, 1951) was an important Social Democrat trade unionists and Reichstag deputy during the Weimar Republic.	Fritz Tarnow	1951
date of death	Roy Selwyn-Smith (22 September 1923 in Walton-on-Thames -- 16 June 2006), was well known as a sculptor of English plastic figures and toy soldiers.	Roy Selwyn-Smith	16 June 2006
date of death	Shah Hussain (1538--1599) was a Punjabi Sufi poet who is regarded as a Sufi saint.	Shah Hussain	1599
date of death	Edward Henry Carson, Baron Carson, PC, PC (Ire), KC (9 February 1854 -- 22 October 1935), from 1900 to 1921 known as Sir Edward Carson, was an Irish unionist politician, barrister and judge.	Edward Carson	22 October 1935
date of death	Mrs Gardner or Sarah Cheney (fl. 1763--1795) was a British comedic actress and playwright.	Mrs Gardner	1795
date of death	René Fülöp-Miller, born Philip Müller (17 February 1891 -- 17 May 1963) was an Austrian cultural historian and writer.	René Fülöp-Miller	17 May 1963
date of death	Bakhtiyar (Persian: بختیار, died 978), better known by his laqab of ʿIzz al-Dawla (Arabic: عز الدولة،, ``Glory of the Dynasty''), was the Buyid amir of Iraq (967--978).	Izz al-Dawla	978
date of death	Stephen Perse (1548 -- 30 September 1615) was an English academic and philanthropist.	Stephen Perse	30 September 1615
date of death	Hughie Hay (died 23 October 2012) was a Scottish professional footballer who played as an inside forward.	Hughie Hay	23 October 2012
date of death	Frederick Wicks (23 February 1840 -- 30 March 1910) was an English author and inventor, whose book The British Constitution and Government was first published in 1871 and ran to several editions.	Frederick Wicks	30 March 1910
date of death	García Gómez (died after 1017) was a Leonese count, at least from 971.	García Gómez	1017
date of death	Patrick Duigenan, KC, BA, MA, LLB, LLD, FTCD (1735--11 April 1816), Irish lawyer and politician, was the son of a Leitrim Catholic farmer surnamed Ó Duibhgeannáin.	Patrick Duigenan	11 April 1816
date of death	Thomas Bevan (1796? - 31 January 1819) was, with fellow Welshman David Jones, the first Christian missionary to Madagascar, sent by the London Missionary Society.	Thomas Bevan	31 January 1819
date of death	Vikramaditya I (Kannada: ವಿಕ್ರಮಾದಿತ್ಯ ೧) (655--680 CE) was the third son and followed his father, Pulakeshin II on to the Chalukya throne.	Vikramaditya I	680
date of death	Qutlugh Nigar Khanum (also spelled Kutlak Nigar Khanum; d. 1505) was the first wife and chief consort of Umar Shaikh Mirza II, the King of Ferghana Valley.	Qutlugh Nigar Khanum	1505
date of death	John Smart (c. 1740--1811), was an English painter of portrait miniatures.	John Smart	1811
date of death	Emma Eleonora Kendrick (c. 1788--1871) was a British miniature-painter who was prominent during the reigns of Kings George IV and William IV.	Emma Eleonora Kendrick	1871
date of death	Joseph Godfrey (January 1894 - January 1977), commonly known as Joby Godfrey, was an English professional footballer who played in the Football League for Birmingham, Coventry City, Manchester City and Merthyr Town.	Joby Godfrey	January 1977
date of death	Ernest Choquette (18 November 1862 -- 29 March 1941) was a Canadian physician, novelist, and politician.	Ernest Choquette	29 March 1941
date of death	John Edmund Sharrock Moore ARCS (10 May 1870 -- 15 January 1947) was an English biologist, best known for leading two expeditions to Tanganyika.	John Edmund Sharrock Moore	15 January 1947
date of death	Tlacaelel I (1397 -- 1487) was the principal architect of the Aztec Triple Alliance and hence the Mexica (Aztec) empire.	Tlacaelel	1487
date of death	Robert Jewell (20 January 1920* -- 10 May 1998) was an Australian actor who mostly worked as a Dalek or other robot operator on Doctor Who in the late 1960s, also playing a cameo as Bing Crosby in the serial The Daleks' Master Plan.	Robert Jewell	10 May 1998
date of death	Henry Ogg Forbes (30 January 1851 -- 27 October 1932) was a Scottish explorer, ornithologist, and botanist.	Henry Ogg Forbes	27 October 1932
date of death	Adelsteen Normann (1 May 1848 - 26 December 1918) was a Norwegian painter who worked in Berlin.	Adelsteen Normann	26 December 1918
date of death	(Dudley) Geoffrey Stewart-Smith (29 December 1933 -- 13 March 2004) was a British politician.	Geoffrey Stewart-Smith	13 March 2004
date of death	Benjamin Akzin (Hebrew: בנימין אקצין‎) (1904--1985) was an early Zionist activist and, later, an Israeli professor of law.	Benjamin Akzin	1985
date of death	Alexander Leslie-Melville, 7th Earl of Leven (7 November 1749 -- 22 February 1820) was a Scottish Whig politician and peer.	Alexander Leslie-Melville, 7th Earl of Leven	22 February 1820
date of death	Frans Hendrik Karel Zaalberg (26 November 1873 -- 13 February 1928) was an Indo (Eurasian) journalist and politician in the Dutch East Indies.	Karel Zaalberg	13 February 1928
date of death	Frederick Ringer (1838--1907) was a British merchant who took over Thomas Glover's role as leader in the Nagasaki foreign settlement.	Frederick Ringer	1907
date of death	Ahmad Zaidi Adruce served three terms before passing on peacefully on 5 December 2000, leaving behind a lasting legacy as a true nationalist and as his people's first scholar.	Ahmad Zaidi Adruce	5 December 2000
date of death	Norman McKinnel (10 February 1870 -- 29 March 1932) was a Scottish stage and film actor and playwright, active from the 1890s until his death.	Norman McKinnel	29 March 1932
date of death	Hassen Belkhodja, also known as Hassan Belkhodja, born March 10, 1916 in Ras Jebel, died November 29, 1981, was a Tunisian politician and businessman.	Hassen Belkhodja	1981
date of death	Djamaluddin Adinegoro (14 August 1904 -- 8 January 1967) was an Indonesian press pioneer.	Djamaluddin Adinegoro	1967
date of death	Major General Sir (Henry) Cecil Lowther KCMG CB CVO DSO FRGS (1 January 1869 -- 1 November 1940) was a British general and Conservative politician, the fourth son of William Lowther.	Cecil Lowther	1 November 1940
date of death	Fiachnae mac Ainbítha (died 886) or Fiachna mac Ainfítha was a Dál Fiatach king of Ulaid, which is now Ulster, Ireland.	Fiachnae mac Ainbítha	886
date of death	Mesa Kincaid (born Cheryl Holm; 23 September 1956 - 6 September 2009) was a talk radio host in the Minneapolis-St. Paul broadcast area.	Mesa Kincaid	6 September 2009
date of death	Ngụy Văn Thà (16 January 1943 - 19 January 1974) was a Republic of Vietnam (South Vietnam) naval officer.	Ngụy Văn Thà	19 January 1974
date of death	Reg Spencer (1 December 1908 -- 16 March 1981) was an English footballer who played as a left half for Tranmere Rovers.	Reg Spencer	16 March 1981
date of death	Henning Carlsen (4 June 1927 -- 30 May 2014) was a Danish film director, screenwriter, and producer most noted for his documentaries and his contributions to the style of cinéma vérité.	Henning Carlsen	30 May 2014
date of death	Anthony Bedingfield (died 1651) was an English merchant and politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1640 to 1648.	Anthony Bedingfield	1651
date of death	Joshua David Stone (7 December 1953 -- August 2005) was an American author and teacher in the Ascended Master Teachings (sometimes called the Ascension Movement), a group of religions based on Theosophy.	Joshua David Stone	August 2005
date of death	Arthur Charles Fox-Davies (28 February 1871 -- 19 May 1928) was a British author on heraldry.	Arthur Charles Fox-Davies	19 May 1928
date of death	Maria Lidka (May 27, 1914--12 December 2013) was a German-born classical violinist.	Maria Lidka	12 December 2013
date of death	Folgóre da San Gimignano (folˈɡoːre da ˈsan dʒimiɲˈɲaːno), pseudonym of Giacomo di Michele or Jacopo di Michele (c. 1270 -- c. 1332) was an Italian poet.	Folgóre da San Gimignano	1332
date of death	Alan Frank Guttmacher, MD (1898--1974) was an American obstetrician/gynecologist.	Alan Frank Guttmacher	1974
date of death	Tom Kromer (1906--1969) was an American writer known for his one novel, Waiting for Nothing, an account of vagrant or hobo life during the nineteen-thirties.	Tom Kromer	1969
date of death	Surajit Chandra Sinha (1926--27 February, 2002) was born in Durgapur Upazila, of Netrokona District, in Mymensingh Division, then in Bengal and now in Bangladesh.	Surajit Chandra Sinha	27 February, 2002
date of death	İhsan Sabancı (1931--1979), a second-generation member of the renowned Sabancı family, was a Turkish businessman.	İhsan Sabancı	1979
date of death	Emperor Xiaowu of Liu Song (劉宋孝武帝) (430--464), personal name Liu Jun (劉駿), courtesy name Xiulong (休龍), nickname Daomin (道民), was an emperor of the Chinese dynasty Liu Song.	Emperor Xiaowu of Liu Song	464
date of death	Fred Whibley (Fredrick George Whibley, 1855-1919) abandoned a career as clerk in a London bank to escape from the constraints and social expectations of respectability in the Victorian era.	Fred Whibley	1919
date of death	Frank Bokas (13 May 1914 -- 1996) was a Scottish footballer.	Frank Bokas	1996
date of death	George Hawking (22 March 1902 -- 25 November 1968) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	George Hawking	25 November 1968
date of death	Prince Whipple (1750-1796) was an African-American slave and later freedman who accompanied his former owner, General William Whipple of the New Hampshire militia, during the American Revolutionary War.hi	Prince Whipple	1796
date of death	Thomas Savage, 1st Viscount Savage (circa 1586 -- 20 November 1635), known as Sir Thomas Savage, 2nd Baronet from 1615 to 1626, was an English peer and courtier in the court of Charles I. Savage was the son and heir of Sir John Savage, 1st Baronet and his wife Mary Alington.	Thomas Savage, 1st Viscount Savage	20 November 1635
date of death	Thomas Hookham (ca.1739-1819) was a bookseller and publisher in London in the 18th-19th centuries.	Thomas Hookham	1819
date of death	Edmond Thieffry (28 September 1892 -- 11 April 1929) was a Belgian First World War air ace and aviation pioneer.	Edmond Thieffry	11 April 1929
date of death	Baron François Narmon (26 January 1934 -- 14 March 2013) was a Belgian businessman and president of Dexia Group and the Belgian Olympic Committee.	François Narmon	14 March 2013
date of death	Gilles Lauzon (Lauson) (1631--1687) was a talented French coppersmith and a member of ``le grande recrue'', a group of roughly 100 Frenchman recruited to populate the colony of New France.	Gilles Lauzon	1687
date of death	Sir Robert Moray (alternative spellings: Murrey, Murray) (1608 or 1609 -- 4 July 1673) was a Scottish soldier, statesman, diplomat, judge, spy, freemason and natural philosopher.	Robert Moray	4 July 1673
date of death	Thomas McNulty (born 30 December 1929 in Salford, Greater Manchester; Died April 1979) was an English football player.	Thomas McNulty	1979
date of death	The World War and Its Consequences (1919) An Explorer-Scientist's Pilgrimage: the Autobiography of William Herbert Hobbs (1952).	William Herbert Hobbs	1952
date of death	Venkatraman Radhakrishnan (18 May 1929 -- 3 March 2011) was a space scientist and member of the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences.	Venkatraman Radhakrishnan	3 March 2011
date of death	Lucas Franchoys the Elder or Lucas Francois (1574--1643) was a Flemish painter of history paintings and portraits.	Lucas Franchoys the Elder	1643
date of death	Gustavo Petricioli Iturbide (19 August 1928 -- 9 October 1998) was a Mexican economist who served as Secretary of Finance (1986--1988) in the last cabinet of Miguel de la Madrid and as Mexican ambassador to the United States (January 1989--1993).	Gustavo Petricioli	9 October 1998
date of death	William Niven (2 October 1850 -- 2 June 1937) was a mineralogist and archeologist noted for his discovery of the minerals yttrialite, thorogummite, aguilarite and nivenite (named after him), as well as a set of controversial tablets.	William Niven	2 June 1937
date of death	John FitzPatrick, 2nd Earl of Upper Ossory FRS DL (2 May 1745 -- 13 February 1818), styled 'Lord Gowran' from 1751 to 1758, was an Irish peer and member of parliament.	John FitzPatrick, 2nd Earl of Upper Ossory	13 February 1818
date of death	Friedrich Hartmann Graf (23 August 1727 -- 19 August 1795) was a German flautist and composer.	Friedrich Hartmann Graf	19 August 1795
date of death	Zoubeir Turki (1924 -- 23 October 2009) was a Tunisian painter and sculptor of Turkish origin.	Zoubeir Turki	23 October 2009
date of death	A bust created at his death, and dedicated by his son, was discovered at Smyrna, and art historians date it to around 135 CE. Ptolemy refers several times in his Almagest to a Theon who made observations at Alexandria, but it is uncertain whether he is referring to Theon of Smyrna.	Theon of Smyrna	135
date of death	Sidney Siegel (4 January 1916 in New York -- 29 November 1961) was an American psychologist who became especially well known for his work in popularising non-parametric statistics for use in the behavioural sciences.	Sidney Siegel	29 November 1961
date of death	Mateus Fernandes (died 10 April 1515), also called Mateus Fernandes the Elder, was a Portuguese architect.	Mateus Fernandes	10 April 1515
date of death	Brikt Jensen (15 September 1928 -- 14 November 2011) was a Norwegian publisher, writer, journal editor, professor who also hosted a popular TV program about literature.	Brikt Jensen	14 November 2011
date of death	Nathaniel Ndazana Nakasa (12 May 1937 -- 14 July 1965) better known as Nat Nakasa was a South African journalist and short story writer.	Nat Nakasa	14 July 1965
date of death	Marie Cuttoli (née Myriam Bordes; 1879 -- 1973) was an Algerian-born French entrepreneur and patron of modernist tapestry.	Marie Cuttoli	1973
date of death	Alexander Constantine Ionides (Greek: Κωνσταντίνος Ιωνίδης or Κωνσταντίνος Ιωάννου Ioannou or Κωνσταντίνος Ιπλιξής Ipliksis; 1 September 1810 -- 10 November 1890) was a British art patron and collector, of Greek ancestry.	Alexander Constantine Ionides	10 November 1890
date of death	Charles Chabot (baptised 19 March 1815 - 15 October 1882) was an English graphologist who, as part of the firm of Netherclift, Chabot and Matheson, was an early practitioner of questioned document examination.	Charles Chabot	15 October 1882
date of death	Bartolomeu Dias (Portuguese pronunciation: (baɾtuluˈmew ˈdi.ɐʃ); Anglicized: Bartholomew Diaz; c. 1451 -- 29 May 1500), a nobleman of the Portuguese royal household, was a Portuguese explorer.	Bartolomeu Dias	29 May 1500
date of death	Robert Jocelyn, 3rd Earl of Roden KP, PC PC (I) (27 October 1788 -- 20 March 1870), styled Viscount Jocelyn between 1797 and 1820, was an Irish Tory politician and supporter of Protestant causes.	Robert Jocelyn, 3rd Earl of Roden	20 March 1870
date of death	Francis Needham, 1st Earl of Kilmorey (5 April 1748 -- 21 November 1832), known as Francis Needham until 1818 and as The Viscount Kilmorey from 1818 to 1822, was an Anglo-Irish soldier and Member of Parliament.	Francis Needham, 1st Earl of Kilmorey	21 November 1832
date of death	Treat Baldwin Johnson (1875-1947) was an American chemist, born at Bethany, Connecticut.	Treat Baldwin Johnson	1947
date of death	Joe Darion, (30 January 1917 - 6 June 2001) was an American musical theatre lyricist, most famous for Man of La Mancha.	Joe Darion	6 June 2001
date of death	Paul Healion (3 June 1978 - 16 August 2009) was an Irish racing cyclist from Dunboyne, Co. Meath.	Paul Healion	16 August 2009
date of death	Bart Van den Bossche (17 April 1964 -- 6 January 2013) was a Flemish singer, actor and radio/TV presenter.	Bart Van den Bossche	6 January 2013
date of death	John Crawte (December 1763 at Frensham, Surrey -- 7 October 1836 at Bexley, Kent) was an English cricketer who played mainly for Kent.	John Crawte	7 October 1836
date of death	B. Vithalacharya or B. Vittalacharya (18 January 1920 -- 28 May 1999) was an Indian film director and producer known for his works in Telugu cinema, and Kannada cinema.	B. Vittalacharya	28 May 1999
date of death	Princess Vera Constantinovna of Russia, also Vera Konstantinovna (Russian: Вера Константиновна Романова; 24 April 1906 -- 11 January 2001), was the youngest child of Grand Duke Konstantine Konstantinovich of Russia and his wife, Grand Duchess Elizabeth Mavrikievna.	Princess Vera Constantinovna of Russia	11 January 2001
date of death	Tra Hoa Bo Dê was a king of Champa from 1342 to 1360.	Tra Hoa Bo Dê	1360
date of death	William Ernest Cooke (25 July 1863 -- 7 November 1947), generally referred to as ``W. Ernest Cooke'' or informally ``Ernest Cooke'', was an Australian astronomer, credited with a number of important scientific breakthroughs and improved methodologies in astronomical observations and star cataloguing.	William Ernest Cooke	7 November 1947
date of death	Etbin Kristan (15 April 1867 -- 22 November 1953) was a Slovenian labour leader and Social Democratic politician and writer during the late-Austrian-Hungarian and the Yugoslav monarchy.	Etbin Kristan	22 November 1953
date of death	Perry Broad, also Pery Broad (25 April 1921 -- 28 November 1993) was a Brazilian Non-commissioned officer SS-Unterscharführer, active at Auschwitz from April 1942 - 1945 as a translator and stenographer at the Auschwitz headquarters.	Perry Broad	28 November 1993
date of death	At the time of his death in May 1875, Jeremiah Hamilton was said by obituaries to be the richest black man in the United States.	Jeremiah Hamilton	May 1875
date of death	Carter W. Clarke (died 1987 at age 90) was a U.S. Army intelligence officer and brigadier general.	Carter W. Clarke	1987
date of death	Elvia Carrillo Puerto (1878 -- 1967) was a Mexican socialist politician and feminist activist.	Elvia Carrillo Puerto	1967
date of death	Herman Wildenvey (20 July 1885 -- 27 September 1959), born Herman Theodor Portaas, was one of the most prominent Norwegian poets of the twentieth century.	Herman Wildenvey	27 September 1959
date of death	Vladislav Titelbah (Serbian Cyrillic: Владислав Тителбах; 1847--1925) was a Czech-born Serbian painter.	Vladislav Titelbah	1925
date of death	Derick Heathcoat-Amory, 1st Viscount Amory (/ˈeɪmərɪ/ AY-mər-ee; 26 December 1899 -- 20 January 1981) was a British Conservative politician and member of the House of Lords.	Derick Heathcoat-Amory, 1st Viscount Amory	20 January 1981
date of death	Tony Allan (22 September 1949 -- 9 July 2004) was a British broadcaster and voice over artist.	Tony Allan	9 July 2004
date of death	Guillaume Guiart (or Guiard) (died c. 1316) was a French chronicler and poet.	Guillaume Guiart	1316
date of death	Sir Robert Dillington, 2nd Baronet (ca. 1634 -- 25 April 1687) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1659 and 1685.	Sir Robert Dillington, 2nd Baronet	25 April 1687
date of death	Lady Sophia Burrell (1753--1802) was an English poet and dramatist.	Sophia Burrell	1802
date of death	Domingo Gribeo y Martin (1558-1649) was a Spanish Military, Mayordomo of Hospital, and Regidor of Buenos Aires during the Viceroyalty of Peru.	Domingo Gribeo	1649
date of death	Morits Skaugen, Sr. (27 June 1920 -- 17 January 2005) was a Norwegian yacht racer and businessperson.	Morits Skaugen	17 January 2005
date of death	Brigadier General Sławomir Petelicki (13 September 1946 -- 16 June 2012) was the first commander of the Polish special forces unit GROM from July 13, 1990, until December 19, 1995.	Sławomir Petelicki	16 June 2012
date of death	Hermann Matthias Werrecore (village of Warcoing, Pecq, ca. 1500 -- after 1574) was a Flemish composer in Italy.	Matthias Werrecore	1574
date of death	Charles Whitworth, 1st Baron Whitworth (14 October 1675 -- 23 October 1725) was a British diplomat.	Charles Whitworth, 1st Baron Whitworth	23 October 1725
date of death	James Jeffrey Roche (31 May 1847, Mountmellick, Queen's County, Ireland -- 3 April 1908, Berne, Switzerland) was an Irish-American poet, journalist and diplomat.	James Jeffrey Roche	3 April 1908
date of death	Kanzen Teruya (1920--2004) was a physician who contributed much to the Okinawan medical world in postwar days.	Kanzen Teruya	2004
date of death	Saint Michael of Chernigov or Mikhail Vsevolodovich (c. 1185 -- Saray, 20 September 1246) was a Rus' prince (a member of the Rurik dynasty).	Michael of Chernigov	20 September 1246
date of death	Sir John Anderson, 1st Baronet (8 May 1878 -- 11 April 1963) was a Scottish businessman, writer and lecturer.	Sir John Anderson, 1st Baronet	11 April 1963
date of death	Johann Albrecht Widmannstetter (1506 in Nellingen/Blaubeuren near Ulm -- March 28, 1557 in Regensburg), was a German humanist, orientalist, philologist, and theologian.	Johann Albrecht Widmannstetter	1557
date of death	Chen Cuifen (1873--1960) was born in Hong Kong as a fourth child.	Chen Cuifen	1960
date of death	Sir Thomas Gorges (1536 -- 30 March 1610) was an Elizabethan courtier and Groom of the Chamber to Queen Elizabeth I. By his great-grandmother, Lady Anne Howard, daughter of John Howard, 1st Duke of Norfolk, he was a second cousin of queen consorts Anne Boleyn and Catherine Howard.	Thomas Gorges	30 March 1610
date of death	Joseph Cooper Walker (c.1762--1810) was an Irish antiquarian and writer.	Joseph Cooper Walker	1810
date of death	George Stradling (1620 or 1621 -- 19 April 1688) was Dean of Chichester Cathedral from 1672 until his death.	George Stradling	1688
date of death	Robert Dudley, 1st Earl of Leicester, KG (24 June 1532 or 1533 -- 4 September 1588) was an English nobleman and the favourite and close friend of Elizabeth I from her first year on the throne until his death.	Robert Dudley, 1st Earl of Leicester	4 September 1588
date of death	Leon Festinger (8 May 1919 -- 11 February 1989) was an American social psychologist, perhaps best known for cognitive dissonance and social comparison theory.	Leon Festinger	11 February 1989
date of death	Smohalla (Dreamer) (c. 1815 - 1895) Wanapum nineteenth-century dreamer-prophet associated with the Dreamers movement among Native American people in the Pacific Northwest's Columbia Plateau region.	Smohalla	1895
date of death	Alf Frotjold (1929 -- 28 March 2001) was a Norwegian trade unionist and leader of the Arbeidernes Opplysningsforbund.	Alf Frotjold	28 March 2001
date of death	John Miley (1813--1895) was an American Christian theologian in the Methodist tradition who was one of the major Methodist theological voices of the 19th century.	John Miley	1895
date of death	Emmanouil Dadaoglou (Greek: Εμμανουήλ Δαδάογλου) (died 1870) was a Greek anarchist and a central figure in the early era of Greek anarchism.	Emmanouil Dadaoglou	1870
date of death	Jesús Silva Herzog (14 November 1892 -- 13 March 1985) was a Mexican economist and historian specialized in the Mexican Revolution and a member of The National College.	Jesús Silva Herzog	13 March 1985
date of death	Warwick Buckland (1863--1945) was a British stage actor.	Warwick Buckland	1945
date of death	Robert Foster Kennedy (1884-1952) was an Irish-American neurologist.	Robert Foster Kennedy	1952
date of death	Clive McCorkell (20 May 1910 -- 6 May 1962) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Essendon in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Clive McCorkell	6 May 1962
date of death	Capt. Nathaniel Morton (1616 christened -- 29 June 1685) was a Separatist settler of Plymouth Colony in Massachusetts, where he served for most of his life as Plymouth's secretary under his uncle, Governor William Bradford.	Nathaniel Morton	29 June 1685
date of death	Wesley Crawford (1901 Indianapolis, Indiana -- 9 January 1961) was an American racecar driver.	Wesley Crawford	9 January 1961
date of death	Paul Nazaroff (Pavel Stepanovich Nazarov) (died 1942) was a Russian geologist and writer who was caught up in the Russian Revolution, and became the leader of a plot to overthrow Bolshevik rule in Central Asia.	Paul Nazaroff	1942
date of death	Franz Schmidt (22 December 1874 -- 11 February 1939) was an Austrian composer, cellist and pianist.	Franz Schmidt	11 February 1939
date of death	Elsie Maud Wakefield, OBE (3 July 1886 - 17 June 1972) was an English mycologist and plant pathologist.	Elsie Maud Wakefield	17 June 1972
date of death	James H. Carson (1821 -- 1853), a Second Sergeant in the US Army, boarded the U.S. Lexington with his regiment and set sail for California in 1846.	James H. Carson	1853
date of death	Najim Abd-Jasem (died March 2007) was an Iraqi trade unionist who was murdered.	Najim Abd-Jasem	2007
date of death	Willem Wissing, known in England as William Wissing (1656 -- 10 September 1687), was a Dutch portrait artist who worked in England.	Willem Wissing	10 September 1687
date of death	Carl Haeberlin (15 December 1870--12 November 1954), sometimes also spelled Häberlin, was a German physician and natural historian.	Carl Haeberlin	12 November 1954
date of death	Abraham Booth (1734--1806) was an English dissenting minister and author, known as a Baptist apologetical writer.	Abraham Booth	1806
date of death	Henry Paget, 4th Marquess of Anglesey Bt, PC, (25 December 1835 -- 13 October 1898), styled Lord Paget until 1880 and Earl of Uxbridge between 1880 and 1898, was a British peer.	Henry Paget, 4th Marquess of Anglesey	13 October 1898
date of death	Gaston Chevrolet (4 October 1892 -- 25 November 1920) was a French-born American racecar champion driver and automobile manufacturer.	Gaston Chevrolet	25 November 1920
date of death	Tankeu Noé (died 3 January 1964) was a member of the Union of the Peoples of Cameroon (UPC) guerrilla forces in Cameroon fighting first against French colonial government and then against the government of Ahmadou Ahidjo in the Douala region.	Tankeu Noé	3 January 1964
date of death	Paul Lukather (1926 - 9 October 2014) was an actor and voice-over artist who was mostly known as giving voice-overs for many video games including Legacy of Kain series where he voiced Vorador.	Paul Lukather	9 October 2014
date of death	Jochem Pietersen Kuyter (died 1654) was an early colonist to New Netherland, and one of the first settlers of what would become Harlem on the island of Manhattan.	Jochem Pietersen Kuyter	1654
date of death	Ntare V of Burundi (born Charles Ndizeye, 2 December 1947 -- 29 April 1972) was the last king of Burundi from June to November 1966.	Ntare V of Burundi	29 April 1972
date of death	Mireille Marokvia (1908 -- 19 October 2008) was a French writer best known for her two books about her ordeals during World War II in Nazi Germany.	Mireille Marokvia	19 October 2008
date of death	Sir Guy Stephenson CB (1862 -- 17 October 1930) was a British barrister, Assistant Treasury Solicitor and Assistant Director of Public Prosecutions.	Guy Stephenson	17 October 1930
date of death	Raymond of Poitiers (c. 1115 -- 29 June 1149) was Prince of Antioch from 1136 to 1149.	Raymond of Poitiers	29 June 1149
date of death	Thomas Herne (died 1722) was an English academic and lay participant in religious controversy.	Thomas Herne	1722
date of death	Willis Hardy (3 March 1897 -- 7 April 1972) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Willis Hardy	7 April 1972
date of death	Antonio Comellas y Cluet (born in Berga, in Catalonia, 16 Jan., 1832; died there, 3 June 1884) was a philosopher.	Antonio Comellas y Cluet	3 June 1884
date of death	Herbert Mackworth (7 September 1687 -- 20 August 1765) was a Welsh landowner, coal owner and MP.	Herbert Mackworth	20 August 1765
date of death	Sam de Brito (30 January 1969 -- 12 October 2015) was a Sydney-born author and writer for The Sydney Morning Herald and The Age who wrote the blog All Men Are Liars.	Sam de Brito	12 October 2015
date of death	Héctor David Delgado Santiago (23 December 1975 -- 15 January 2013), commonly referred to by his alias El Metro 4, was an alleged drug trafficker and high-ranking leader of the Mexican criminal organization known as the Gulf Cartel.	Héctor David Delgado Santiago	15 January 2013
date of death	Ja'far Kashfi, Iranian Muslim philosopher, was born at Darabgard in Fars in 1775 or 1776, lived all his life at Borujerd and died in 1850-1851.	Ja'far Kashfi	1850
date of death	Sobey Martin (27 June 1909 -- 27 July 1978) was an American director of television and short films, mainly in the 1950s and 1960s.	Sobey Martin	27 July 1978
date of death	Drita Pelingu (3 December 1926 -- 2 October 2013) was an Albanian film and stage actress, academic and director.	Drita Pelingu	2 October 2013
date of death	Bartholomeus van der Helst (1613 -- buried 16 December 1670) was a Dutch Golden Age portrait painter.	Bartholomeus van der Helst	16 December 1670
date of death	Stefano Sertorelli (24 December 1911 -- 17 December 1994) was an Italian soldier and skier.	Stefano Sertorelli	17 December 1994
date of death	Nechtan mac Der-Ilei or Nechtan mac Dargarto (Old Irish Nechtan mac Der-Ilei or Nechtan mac Dargarto) (before 686-732) was king of the Picts 706-724 and 728-729.	Nechtan mac Der-Ilei	729
date of death	John Lafayette Camp (February 20, 1828 -- 1891) was an American lawyer and planter from Texas who served in the Texas state Senate and as a district court judge.	John Lafayette Camp	1891
date of death	Aquila Emil (died 4 February 2011) was a Papua New Guinean rugby league player who represented his country .	Aquila Emil	4 February 2011
date of death	Bo Eriksson (30 March 1922 -- 15 December 1982) was a Swedish fencer.	Bo Eriksson	15 December 1982
date of death	Adrien-Gabriel Morice (1859--1938) was a missionary priest belonging to the Oblates of Mary Immaculate.	Adrien-Gabriel Morice	1938
date of death	William Julius Lowthian Plowden (1935 -- 26 June 2010) was a British political science academic and government advisor.	William Julius Lowthian Plowden	26 June 2010
date of death	At any rate, Athinkhaya died on 13 April 1310 and the two younger brothers were still alive.	Athinkhaya	13 April 1310
date of death	Ruth Mompati (14 September 1925 -- 12 May 2015) was a South African politician and one of the leaders of the Women's March on 9 August 1956.	Ruth Mompati	12 May 2015
date of death	Ignjat Granitz (born Ignatz Granitz; 1845 -- 17 December 1908) was a Croatian Jewish industrialist, philanthropist and publisher.	Ignjat Granitz	17 December 1908
date of death	Marguerite Kuczynski (born Marguerite Steinfeld: 5 December 1904 -- 15 January 1998) was a European economist and literary scholar.	Marguerite Kuczynski	15 January 1998
date of death	St. Paul the Simple of Egypt (d. ca. 339) was a hermit and disciple of St. Anthony the Great.	Paul the Simple	339
date of death	General Charles Ashe à Court-Repington (17 June 1785 - 19 April 1861) was a senior British Army commander and politician.	Charles Ashe à Court-Repington	19 April 1861
date of death	Ermanaric (Gothic: Aírmanareiks; Latin: Ermanaricus; Old English: Eormenric; Old Norse: Jǫrmunrekr; died 376) was a Greuthungian Gothic King who before the Hunnic invasion evidently ruled a sizable portion of Oium, the part of Scythia inhabited by the Goths at the time.	Ermanaric	376
date of death	Leon Bibel (1913--1995) was a Polish-born American painter and printmaker during the Great Depression.	Leon Bibel	1995
date of death	Marharajah Churaman (Hindi: चूड़ामण) (1695--1721) was Zamindar of Sinsini and the head of Jat state of Bharatpur in Rajasthan, India.	Churaman	1721
date of death	Elisabeth Tamm (30 June 1880, on the manor Fogelstad in Julita, Södermanlands län -- 23 September 1958) was a Swedish liberal politician and women's rights activist.	Elisabeth Tamm	23 September 1958
date of death	Bart Kennedy (1861--1930) was an English novelist, memoirist and journalist.	Bart Kennedy	1930
date of death	Valborg Eriksdotter (1545-1580), was the royal mistress of Magnus, Duke of Östergötland, between 1560 and 1567.	Valborg Eriksdotter	1580
date of death	Ruth Colvin Starrett McGuire (1893--1950) was an American plant pathologist.	Ruth Colvin Starrett McGuire	1950
date of death	Aharon Efrat (Hebrew: אהרון אפרת‎, born 20 March 1911, died 16 May 1989) was an Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for the Alignment and Mapam between 1974 and 1977.	Aharon Efrat	16 May 1989
date of death	Charles Michael, Duke of Mecklenburg (German: Carl Michael Herzog zu Mecklenburg; 17 June (O.S. 5 June) 1863 -- 6 December 1934) was an officer in the Imperial Russian Army, heir presumptive to the throne of Mecklenburg-Strelitz and from 1918 head of the Grand Ducal House.	Charles Michael, Duke of Mecklenburg	6 December 1934
date of death	Hywel ap Ieuaf (died 985) was a King of Gwynedd in north-west Wales from 979 to 985.	Hywel ap Ieuaf	985
date of death	Henry Edward King (9 June 1832 -- 5 February 1910) was a politician in colonial Queensland, Speaker of the Legislative Assembly of Queensland 1876 to 1883.	Henry Edward King	5 February 1910
date of death	Beli Ram, Sri Swami Swarupanand ji Maharaj (1 February 1884 -- 9 April 1936), was an Indian guru of the Advait Mat lineage.	Swarupanand	9 April 1936
date of death	Léon Motchane (19 June 1900 -- 17 January 1990) was a French industrialist and mathematician and the founder of the Institut des Hautes Études Scientifiques in Bures-sur-Yvette.	Léon Motchane	17 January 1990
date of death	Jakob Wilhelm Hüber (1787 in Düsseldorf -- 1871 in Zurich) was a German landscape painter of the 19th century.	Jakob Wilhelm Hüber	1871
date of death	Woodbury Kane (8 February 1859 -- 5 December 1905) was a noted yachtsman and bon vivant, and member of Theodore Roosevelt's Rough Riders.	Woodbury Kane	5 December 1905
date of death	Karl Felix Wolff (Italian: Carlo Felice Wolff; 21 May 1879 -- 25 November 1966) was a journalist, poet, author and self-taught folklorist of the South Tyrol who collected and published Ladinian legends.	Karl Felix Wolff	25 November 1966
date of death	John Okemos (Chief Okemos) (ca. 1775-1858) was a Michigan Ojibwe (Chippewa) chief.	John Okemos	1858
date of death	Irving Sayles (1872 -- 8 February 1914) was an African American vaudeville entertainer.	Irving Sayles	8 February 1914
date of death	Edward Manning Bigelow (1850--1916), known as the ``father of Pittsburgh's parks'', was an American City Engineer and later Director of Public Works in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.	Edward Manning Bigelow	1916
date of death	Herman Georges Berger (1 August 1875 -- 13 January 1924) was a French fencer and Olympic champion in épée competition.	Herman Georges Berger	13 January 1924
date of death	Otto Šling (24 August 1912 - 3 December 1952) was born in Nová Cerekev, a village in south Bohemia, then part of the Austrian Empire.	Otto Šling	3 December 1952
date of death	Sir John Austen, 2nd Baronet (c. 1640 -- 1699) was an English landowner and politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1667 and 1699.	Sir John Austen, 2nd Baronet	1699
date of death	Alice Lucy or Lady Alice Lucy (c.1594 -- August 1648), born Alice Spencer, was a British puritan gentlewoman who was known for her charity and piety.	Alice Lucy	August 1648
date of death	Şehzade Ömer (20 October 1621 - January 1622) was an Ottoman prince (Turkish: şehzade), son of Sultan Osman II.	Şehzade Ömer	January 1622
date of death	Frederick John Howard (1 March 1814 -- 28 February 1897), was a British Member of Parliament.	Frederick John Howard	28 February 1897
date of death	Mu'izz al-Dawla Thimal (died 1062) was the Mirdasid emir of Aleppo from 1042 until 1057, and again from 1061 until his death.	Mu'izz al-Dawla Thimal	1062
date of death	Antonio Fernández Santillana (7 February 1876 - 6 December 1909) was an early pioneer in aviation.	Antonio Fernández Santillana	6 December 1909
date of death	George Winter Park (1834-1901) was an American politician who served as a member of the Cambridge, Massachusetts Board of Aldermen, in 1869 and 1870 and in the Massachusetts House of Representatives.	George Winter Park	1901
date of death	Henry Lee II (1730--1787) of Alexandria, Westmoreland, Virginia Colony was the father of Henry ``Light-Horse Harry'' Lee III and grandfather of Robert E. Lee.	Henry Lee II	1787
date of death	Bourchier Cleeve (died 1760) was an English pewterer and writer of pamphlets.	Bourchier Cleeve	1760
date of death	Pietro Valpreda (22 June 1933 -- 6 July 2002) was an Italian anarchist, dancer and novelist.	Pietro Valpreda	6 July 2002
date of death	Mustafa Hilmi Pasha (1840 - 1922) was a general of the Ottoman Army.	Mustafa Hilmi Pasha	1922
date of death	John Trehenban (pronounced TREM-on) (1650--1671), of St Columb Major in Cornwall, United Kingdom, was a murderer sentenced to imprisonment in a cage on Castle An Dinas downs and starved to death.	John Trehenban	1671
date of death	Johann Melchior Roos (December 27, 1663, Heidelberg -- 1731, Braunschweig), was a German Baroque painter.	Johann Melchior Roos	1731
date of death	Marcellus de Niveriis, O.F.M., also known as Marcellus of Skálholt ( d. 1460 or 1462, at sea, near the coast of Sweden ), was a German Franciscan and an adventurer who was the 26th Bishop of Skálholt from 1448 until his death but he never came to Iceland.	Marcellus de Niveriis	1462
date of death	Janina Hosiasson-Lindenbaum (1899--1942) was a Polish logician and philosopher.	Janina Hosiasson-Lindenbaum	1942
date of death	Giuseppe Natoli Gongora di Scaliti (9 June 1815 -- 25 September 1867) was an Italian lawyer and politician from the Mediterranean island of Sicily.	Giuseppe Natoli	25 September 1867
date of death	Savaş Buldan (1964, Hakkâri-4 June 1994, Bolu) was a Turkish citizen of Kurdish descent involved in the Susurluk scandal.	Savaş Buldan	4 June 1994
date of death	Oliver St John, 1st Earl of Bolingbroke (1580?--1646), known from 1618 until 1624 as 4th Baron St John of Bletso, was an English nobleman and politician.	Oliver St John, 1st Earl of Bolingbroke	1646
date of death	Saint Sabinian of Troyes (died 275) was a pagan who converted to Christianity (tradition states that he was converted by Patroclus of Troyes), and became a martyr under Marcus Aurelius.	Sabinian of Troyes	275
date of death	Mervyn Pinfield (28 February 1912 - 20 May 1966) was a British television producer and director working for the BBC during the 1950s and 1960s.	Mervyn Pinfield	20 May 1966
date of death	Reverend Edward Adey (1799 - 1876) was a Baptist minister and abolitionist.	Edward Adey	1876
date of death	Peter Benjamin Graham (4 June 1925 -- 15 April 1987), was an Australian visual artist, printer, and art theorist.	Peter Benjamin Graham	15 April 1987
date of death	Chancey Whiting, Sr. (19 August 1819 - 7 June 1902) was a Latter Day Saint leader who served as the second president of The Church of Jesus Christ (Cutlerite) from 1864 to 1902, following the death of Cutlerite founder Alpheus Cutler.	Chancey Whiting	7 June 1902
date of death	Robert Snoden or Snowden (Mansfield, unknown date -- London, 1621) was an English bishop.	Robert Snoden	1621
date of death	Christopher Blackett (1751 -- 25 January 1829) owned the Northumberland colliery at Wylam that built Puffing Billy, the first commercial adhesion steam locomotive.	Christopher Blackett	25 January 1829
date of death	Sir William Twysden, 1st Baronet (1566--1628) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1593 and 1628.	Sir William Twysden, 1st Baronet	1628
date of death	Kevin Greening (30 December 1962 -- 29 December 2007) was a British radio presenter, who co-hosted The Radio 1 Breakfast Show on BBC Radio 1 with Zoë Ball from 1997 to 1998.	Kevin Greening	29 December 2007
date of death	Philippa Pullar (12 February 1935, in London -- 7 September 1997 in London) was a British author and jet set personality best remembered for her exhaustively-researched 1975 biography of Irish-American author Frank Harris.	Philippa Pullar	7 September 1997
date of death	Alf Milner (6 February 1919 -- 2002) was an English footballer who made 35 appearances in the Football League playing as an outside right or wing half for Aldershot and Darlington in the 1940s.	Alf Milner	2002
date of death	Félix Faustino Outes (July 29, 1878 -- 1939) was an Argentine anthropologist, archeologist and linguist.	Félix Faustino Outes	1939
date of death	Brother Melchior Polowy CSC (1911--1997) was a Catholic member of the Congregation of Holy Cross.	Melchior Polowy	1997
date of death	Mawlawi Muhammad Hussain a.k.a. Jamil al-Rahman (1939--1991) was the leader of a Salafist state located in Afghanistans Kunar province.	Jamil al-Rahman	1991
date of death	William Kelly Wallace (1883--1969) was an Irish railway engineer who joined the Northern Counties Committee and later became Chief Civil Engineer of the London Midland and Scottish Railway (LMS).	William Kelly Wallace	1969
date of death	Eşref Bitlis (1933 -- 17 February 1993) was a general in the Turkish Gendarmerie, who died in a controversial plane crash.	Eşref Bitlis	17 February 1993
date of death	Seka Gadiyev (Ossetian: Гæдиаты Секъа) (1855/57 - August 3, 1915) was an Ossetian writer.	Seka Gadiyev	1915
date of death	Marta Traba (25 January 1930 -- 27 November 1983) was an art critic and writer known for her contributions to Latin American art and literature.	Marta Traba	27 November 1983
date of death	Richard Boyle, 2nd Earl of Shannon KP, PC (Ire) (30 January 1727 -- 20 May 1807) was an Irish peer and Member of Parliament.	Richard Boyle, 2nd Earl of Shannon	20 May 1807
date of death	Clifton Brady (16 October 1894 -- 9 June 1963) was a Seattle architect and one of the founders of the architectural firm NBBJ.	Clifton Brady	9 June 1963
date of death	James Arderne, D.D. (1636-1691), was the dean of Chester.	James Arderne	1691
date of death	Lü Zhengcao (simplified Chinese: 吕正操; traditional Chinese: 呂正操; pinyin: Lǚ Zhèngcāo) (4 January 1905 -- 13 October 2009) was a Chinese military officer.	Lü Zhengcao	13 October 2009
date of death	Albert Frank Mockridge (21 October 1903 -- 27 March 1990) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Geelong in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Frank Mockridge	27 March 1990
date of death	Cungagnaq (date of birth unknown - d. 1815) is venerated as a martyr and saint (as Peter the Aleut) by some jurisdictions of the Eastern Orthodox Church.	Peter the Aleut	1815
date of death	Thorkil Vanggaard (1910--1998) was a Danish psychiatrist and doctor.	Thorkil Vanggaard	1998
date of death	Lieutenant-General Henry Wray CMG (1 January 1826 -- 6 April 1900) was a Royal Engineers officer who arrived in Fremantle on 12 December 1851 and was responsible for carrying out the construction plans for Fremantle Prison for Edmund Henderson.	Henry Wray	6 April 1900
date of death	Arthur Cole, 1st Baron Ranelagh (c. 1669 -- 5 October 1754), known as Sir Arthur Cole, Bt, between c. 1691 and 1715, was an Irish politician.	Arthur Cole, 1st Baron Ranelagh	1754
date of death	Rev Joseph Dacre Carlyle FRSE (4 June 1759 -- 18 April 1804) was an English orientalist.	Joseph Dacre Carlyle	18 April 1804
date of death	Sir James South (October 1785 -- 19 October 1867) was a British astronomer.	James South	19 October 1867
date of death	Whiteley Turner (born 1866 at Higgin Chamber, Yorkshire, England; died 20 February 1921) was a mill worker, shopkeeper and author.	Whiteley Turner	20 February 1921
date of death	Joseph Nicholds (ca.1785--1860) was a player of the keyed bugle and a composer of sacred music, today known as West gallery music.	Joseph Nicholds	1860
date of death	Johannes Bernardus van Bree (29 January 1801 -- 14 February 1857) was a Dutch composer, violinist and conductor.	Johannes Bernardus van Bree	14 February 1857
date of death	Eftimios Youakim, BS (born on 15 June 1886 in Qaytuleh - died on 19 May 1972) was an Archbishop of the Melkite Greek Catholic Archeparchy of Zahle and Forzol in Lebanon.	Eftimios Youakim	19 May 1972
date of death	Sir Thomas Peter Anderson Stuart (20 June 1856 -- 29 February 1920) was a Scottish-born professor of physiology, founder of the medical school at the University of Sydney.	Thomas Peter Anderson Stuart	29 February 1920
date of death	Willem Pieterszoon Buytewech (1591/1592 -- September 23, 1624) was a Dutch Golden Age painter, draughtsman and etcher.	Willem Pieterszoon Buytewech	1624
date of death	Giocangga (Manchu: ; Chinese: 覺昌安; pinyin: Juéchāng'ān) (died 1582) was the grandfather of Nurhaci, the man who was to unify the Jurchen peoples and begin building what later became the Manchu state.	Giocangga	1582
date of death	Dick Mullaly (19 June 1892 -- 11 June 1971) was an Australian rules footballer who played with South Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Dick Mullaly	11 June 1971
date of death	Dmitry Avaliani (Georgian: დიმიტრი ევგენის-ძე ავალიანი; Russian: Дми́трий Евге́ньевич Авалиа́ни; IPA: (ˈdmʲitrʲɪj jɪvˈɡʲenʲjɪvʲɪtɕ ɐvəlʲɪˈanʲɪ); 6 August 1938 -- 19 December 2003) was a Russian poet and palindromist, who made important contributions to Russian visual poetry.	Dmitry Avaliani	19 December 2003
date of death	Alfonso Silva Placeres (19 March 1926 -- 16 February 2007) was a football player considered one of the best in the history of Canary Islands' football.	Alfonso Silva	16 February 2007
date of death	Ralph Truman (7 May 1900 -- 15 October 1977) was an English actor, usually cast as either a villain or an authority figure.	Ralph Truman	15 October 1977
date of death	Charles Kerremans (1847- 10 October 1915, Brussels) was a Belgian entomologist who specialised in Coleoptera, especially Buprestidae and Cicindelidae.	Charles Kerremans	10 October 1915
date of death	Pabitra Kumar Deka (29 January 1940 -- 5 January 2010) is a novelist, humor writer, publisher and editor of a monthly magazine, film critic and script writer living in Assam in India.	Pabitra Kumar Deka	5 January 2010
date of death	John Cliff (7 March 1883--18 October 1977) was the first Assistant General Secretary of the Transport and General Workers' Union and later a prominent London Transport board member.	John Cliff	1977
date of death	Justice Sardar Ali Khan (5 May 1930 -- 8 November 2012) was former Chief Justice of Andhra Pradesh.	Justice Sardar Ali Khan	8 November 2012
date of death	Federico Molero Giménez (11 January 1908, Almería -- 1969, Madrid) was a Spanish physicist and inventor, who made pioneering studies of the potential of solar energy for human use.	Federico Molero Giménez	1969
date of death	Kheri is a place of some antiquity, and contains a tine tomb built over the remains of Saiyid Khurd, who died in 1563.	Saiyid Khurd	1563
date of death	Vidya Jyothi Osmund Jayaratne (2 October 1924--September 2006) was Sri Lankan academic and politician.	Osmund Jayaratne	2006
date of death	John Michael Hayes (11 May 1919 -- 19 November 2008) was an American screenwriter, who scripted several of Alfred Hitchcock's films in the 1950s.	John Michael Hayes	19 November 2008
date of death	Samuel C. Brightman (1911--1992) was a journalist, war correspondent, freelance writer and adult educator.	Samuel C. Brightman	1992
date of death	Marie Stritt (1855--1928) was a German feminist and a leading force in the German women suffrage movement.	Marie Stritt	1928
date of death	Xue Ji (Chinese: 薛稷; 649 -- July 29, 713), courtesy name Sitong (嗣通), was an official of the Chinese Tang dynasty, briefly serving as chancellor during the reign of Emperor Ruizong.	Xue Ji	713
date of death	William Agutter (1758 -- 26 March 1835) was an English sermon writer and preacher.	William Agutter	26 March 1835
date of death	Elizabeth Poston (24 October 1905 -- 18 March 1987) was an English composer, pianist, and writer.	Elizabeth Poston	18 March 1987
date of death	Alexander Innes Shand (1832--1907) was a Scottish barrister and author, known as a journalist, critic, biographer, novelist and travel writer.	Alexander Innes Shand	1907
date of death	Balthazar Martinot (1636--1714) was a French clockmaker, and valet de chambre of the queen and of the King.	Balthazar Martinot	1714
date of death	Robin Midgley (10 November 1934 -- 19 May 2007) was a director in theatre, television and radio and responsible for some of the earliest episodes of Z-Cars and for the television version of the Royal Shakespeare Company's Wars of the Roses.	Robin Midgley	19 May 2007
date of death	Sydney Horler (18 July 1888 -- 27 October 1954) was a prolific British novelist specialising in thrillers.	Sydney Horler	27 October 1954
date of death	William Appleton Potter (December 10, 1842 -- February 19, 1909) was an American architect who designed numerous buildings for Princeton University, as well as municipal offices and churches.	William Appleton Potter	1909
date of death	Hans Granfelt (26 October 1897 -- 5 September 1963) was a Swedish fencer and discus thrower.	Hans Granfelt	5 September 1963
date of death	Julius Vuylsteke (Ghent, 10 November 1836 -- Ghent, 16 January 1903) was a Belgian liberal politician and writer.	Julius Vuylsteke	16 January 1903
date of death	Jakub Krčín (June 18, 1535 -- 1604) was a prominent Czech Renaissance architect and engineer.	Jakub Krčín	1604
date of death	Ramses Younan (رمسيس يونان ; Minya, 1913 - Cairo, 1966), was an Egyptian painter and writer.	Ramses Younan	1966
date of death	Anna Sundström, born as Anna Christina Persdotter, (26 February 1785 in Kymlinge, Spånga -- 1871), was a Swedish chemist.	Anna Sundström	1871
date of death	Cynthia Payne (24 December 1932 -- 15 November 2015) was an English brothel keeper and party hostess who made the headlines in the 1970s and 1980s, when she was acquitted of running a brothel at 32 Ambleside Avenue, in Streatham, a southwestern suburb of London.	Cynthia Payne	15 November 2015
date of death	Aristides Paradissis (1923-2006) was an Australian poet and professor.	Aristides Paradissis	2006
date of death	Jabir al-Kaabi (178~ - 1881) (Arabic: الشيخ جابر الكعبي‎) was the leader of the Bani Kaab Arab tribe and the Sheikh of Khorramshahr (``Mohammerah'') during the 19th century.	Jabir al-Kaabi	1881
date of death	Edward Ingersoll (2 April 1817, Philadelphia - 19 February 1893 Germantown, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania) was a United States author.	Edward Ingersoll	19 February 1893
date of death	Zhang Song (died 213) was an advisor to the warlord Liu Zhang during the late Han Dynasty period of Chinese history.	Zhang Song	213
date of death	Robert Scott Troup CMG CIE FRS (13 December 1874 -- 1 October 1939) was a British forestry expert.	Robert Scott Troup	1 October 1939
date of death	Robert Bayard (1788 -- 4 June 1868) was a doctor and writer from New Brunswick, Canada.	Robert Bayard	4 June 1868
date of death	Giulio Viotti (Casale Monferrato, Alessandria, 1845-Turin, 1877) was an Italian painter, mainly of orientalist and historic subjects.	Giulio Viotti	1877
date of death	Mihály Csutorás (7 March 1912 - 7 April 1956) is a Hungarian international football player.	Mihály Csutorás	7 April 1956
date of death	Tarek Ben Halim died on 11 December 2009 aged 54 after being diagnosed with brain cancer 14 months earlier.	Tarek Ben Halim	11 December 2009
date of death	Stephen Woolls (1729-1799) was an English and early American actor and singer, and member of the American and Old American Company.	Stephen Woolls	1799
date of death	Battistina Vernazza (secular name Tommasina Vernazza) (born at Genoa, 1497; died there, 1587) was an Italian canoness regular and mystical writer.	Battistina Vernazza	1587
date of death	Ellsworth Hunt Augustus (November 23, 1897 -- May 16, 1964) was an American businessman from Cleveland, Ohio who served as the tenth National president of the Boy Scouts of America.	Ellsworth Hunt Augustus	1964
date of death	Noxolo Nogwaza (1987 -- 24 April 2011) was a South African lesbian LGBT rights activist and member of the Ekurhuleni Pride Organising Committee.	Noxolo Nogwaza	24 April 2011
date of death	Ludwik Narbutt (26 August 1832 - 5 May 1863) was a Polish noble and a notable military commander during the January Uprising.	Ludwik Narbutt	5 May 1863
date of death	Ethel McClellan Plummer (1888--1936) was an American artist who resided primarily in New York.	Ethel McClellan Plummer	1936
date of death	On 16 June 1933, just two days after his return from negotiations in Germany, Haim Arlosoroff was murdered.	Haim Arlosoroff	16 June 1933
date of death	Rosella Rice (11 August 1827 - 6 June 1888) was an American author, born in Perrysville, Ashland County, Ohio.	Rosella Rice	6 June 1888
date of death	George Godsalf (died 1592), of the diocese of Bath, was an English Roman Catholic priest who had been converted to Catholicism by John Payne.	George Godsalf	1592
date of death	Sir Arthur Frederick Peterson KC (1859--1922) was a leading barrister and an English High Court judge in the Chancery Division from 1915 to 1922.	Arthur Frederick Peterson	1922
date of death	Yi Sang-ryong (November 24, 1859 - June 15, 1932) was a Korean Liberation activist, serving as the third president of the Provisional Government of the Republic of Korea from 1925 to 1926.	Yi Sang-ryong	1932
date of death	Alexander John Forsyth (28 December 1769 -- 11 June 1843) was a Scottish Presbyterian clergyman who invented the percussion ignition.	Alexander John Forsyth	11 June 1843
date of death	Marie Bosse, also known as La Bosse (died 8 May 1679), was a French poisoner, fortune teller and alleged witch.	Marie Bosse	8 May 1679
date of death	Lazar Krestin (1868--1938) was an artist famous in the German art world for Judaic genre scenes and his many sober portraits of Eastern European Jews.	Lazar Krestin	1938
date of death	Jill Kitson (1938/39 -- 13 May 2013) was an Australian radio broadcaster and literary journalist.	Jill Kitson	13 May 2013
date of death	Marco D'Arienzo (Naples, 24 April 1811 -- 24 April 1877) was an Italian opera librettist.	Marco D'Arienzo	24 April 1877
date of death	Yelü Lihu (耶律李胡) (911-960), also named Honggu (洪古), courtesy name Xiyin (奚隱), formally Emperor Zhangsu (章肅皇帝), was an imperial prince of the Khitan Liao state.	Yelü Lihu	960
date of death	N. E. Cameron (26 January 1903 -- May 1983) is a writer from Guyana who wrote on almost every topic from history and mathematics to politics.	N. E. Cameron	May 1983
date of death	Antisa Khvichava (Georgian: ანტისა ხვიჩავა; 8 July 1880 (purportedly) -- 30 September 2012) was a Georgian woman who claimed to have been born in 1880.	Antisa Khvichava	30 September 2012
date of death	John Henry Rasor (22 November 1849 - 5 November 1925) was a Plano, Texas, United States cotton farmer.	John Henry Rasor	5 November 1925
date of death	Jakob Seisenegger (1505--1567) was an Austrian painter used by Charles V. He won international fame for his use of full-length poses in his portraits, creating a model used by future artists, such as François Clouet.	Jakob Seisenegger	1567
date of death	Abd al-Malik Abd al-Wahid (died 1339) (also known as Abomelique or Abu Malik) was a son of the Marinid sultan of Morocco, Abu al-Hasan Ali ibn Othman.	Abd al-Malik Abd al-Wahid	1339
date of death	James Anthony Stodart, Baron Stodart of Leaston PC (6 June 1916 -- 31 May 2003) was a Scottish Tory politician.	Anthony Stodart, Baron Stodart of Leaston	31 May 2003
date of death	Colin Whitaker (14 July 1932 -- 1 May 2015) was an English footballer who played as a left winger in the Football League.	Colin Whitaker	1 May 2015
date of death	Lieutenant-Colonel Thomas Howard, 3rd Earl of Effingham PC (13. January 1746 -- 19 November 1791), styled Lord Howard until 1763, was a British nobleman and Army officer, the son of Thomas Howard, 2nd Earl of Effingham.	Thomas Howard, 3rd Earl of Effingham	19 November 1791
date of death	Howard E. Ross (8 March 1921 in Drumheller, Alberta -- 4 June 2010 in Calgary, Alberta) was a pioneering land developer and builder in Canada.	Howard E. Ross	4 June 2010
date of death	Máel Mórda mac Murchada (died 23 April 1014) was King of Leinster.	Máel Mórda mac Murchada	23 April 1014
date of death	Yoav Yehoshua Weingarten (1845-1923) was a prominent rabbi and author of Torah commentaries.	Yoav Yehoshua Weingarten	1923
date of death	David Rindos (1947 -- 9 December 1996), was an archaeologist.	David Rindos	9 December 1996
date of death	Henry Scrimgeour or Scrymgeour (c. 1505 -- 23 September 1572) was a diplomat and book collector.	Henry Scrimgeour	1572
date of death	Gavin Lambert (23 July 1924 -- 17 July 2005) was a British-born screenwriter, novelist and biographer who lived for part of his life in Hollywood.	Gavin Lambert	17 July 2005
date of death	Richard Thomas Parker (1834 - 10 August 1864) was an English murderer who was the last person to be publicly executed in Nottingham.	Richard Thomas Parker	1864
date of death	Horace Gifford (1932 -- 1992) was a celebrated beach house architect of the Sixties, Seventies and early Eighties.	Horace Gifford	1992
date of death	Jia Qiyun (Chinese: 贾启允) (1914--2004) was a People's Republic of China politician.	Jia Qiyun	2004
date of death	Alexander Ivanovich Galich (Russian: Александр Иванович Галич; 1783 -- 1848) was a Russian teacher, philosopher, and writer.	Alexander Ivanovich Galich	1848
date of death	Frédéric Cailliaud (9 June 1787 -- 1 May 1869) was a French naturalist, mineralogist and conchologist.	Frédéric Cailliaud	1 May 1869
date of death	Marko Orešković (3 April 1895 -- 20 October 1941) was a Croatian (and Yugoslav) Partisan commander.	Marko Orešković	20 October 1941
date of death	Waheed Murad (Urdu: وحید مراد‎; 2 October 1938 -- 23 November 1983) was a Pakistani film actor, producer and script writer, famous for his charming expressions, attractive personality, tender voice and unusual talent for acting.	Waheed Murad	23 November 1983
date of death	Sir David Ferrier FRS (13 January 1843 -- 19 March 1928) was a pioneering Scottish neurologist and psychologist.	David Ferrier	19 March 1928
date of death	Henry Beaufoy (November 1750 -- 17 May 1795) was a British MP.	Henry Beaufoy	17 May 1795
date of death	Hugh Lunghi (3 August 1920 -- 14 March 2014) was a British military interpreter and veteran of World War II. He served as an interpreter for Prime Minister Winston Churchill during the war, often accompanying Churchill to summits with other world leaders.	Hugh Lunghi	14 March 2014
date of death	Ronald Richardson Potter MA ARCO (12 July 1879 - 4 May 1911) was a Scottish organist and composer based in England.	Ronald Richardson Potter	4 May 1911
date of death	Miha Krek (28 September 1897 -- 18 November 1969) was a Slovenian lawyer and conservative politician.	Miha Krek	18 November 1969
date of death	Stephen St. Croix (born Stephen Curtis Marshall) (1948--2006) was a multifaceted American artist, audio engineer, producer, equipment designer and inventor.	Stephen St. Croix	2006
date of death	Ferdinand Havlík (17 June 1928 -- 28 October 2013) was a Czech composer, film composer and clarinet player.	Ferdinand Havlík	28 October 2013
date of death	Henry Radclyffe, 2nd Earl of Sussex, KG (also spelled ``Radcliffe'') (1507 -- 17 February 1557) was a son of Robert Radclyffe, 1st Earl of Sussex and his wife Elizabeth Stafford, Countess of Sussex.	Henry Radclyffe, 2nd Earl of Sussex	17 February 1557
date of death	Hwanjile (r. 1740--1774) was a high priest and kpojito (``reign mate'') of the African kingdom of Dahomey, in what is now Benin.	Hwanjile	1774
date of death	Per Helmer (16 July 1897 -- 9 June 1966) was a Norwegian businessperson.	Per Helmer	1966
date of death	Alexander Cowan (17 June 1775 -- 13 February 1859) was a Scottish papermaker and philanthropist.	Alexander Cowan	13 February 1859
date of death	S. M. Subbaiah Naidu (SMS) (Telugu: సుబ్బయ్య నాయుడు) (15 March 1914 -- 26 May 1979) was a South Indian composer, conductor, and orchestrator.	S. M. Subbaiah Naidu	26 May 1979
date of death	Mary Flagler Cary (1901-1967) was heir to part of the Standard Oil fortune and became a notable philanthropist, mainly through the charitable trust established at her death.	Mary Flagler Cary	1967
date of death	Geng Jingzhong (Chinese: 耿精忠; pinyin: Gěng Jīngzhōng; Wade--Giles: Keng Ching-chung; died 1682) was a powerful military commander of the early Qing dynasty.	Geng Jingzhong	1682
date of death	Franz Macoun (1881 -- 1951) was a German Social Democratic trade unionist and politician from the Czech Lands.	Franz Macoun	1951
date of death	Claud Butler (14 July 1903 -- 2 November 1978) was a London-based bicycle dealer and frame-builder, who from 1928 created a chain of bicycle-retail shops in London and the Midlands.	Claud Butler	2 November 1978
date of death	Jakob Rosanes (also Jacob; August 16, 1842 -- January 6, 1922) was a German mathematician who worked on algebraic geometry and invariant theory.	Jakob Rosanes	1922
date of death	Sonam Topgyal (1941 -- 30 December 2012) was Prime Minister (officially Kalön Tripa) of the Central Tibetan Administration (Tibetan government-in-exile).	Sonam Topgyal	30 December 2012
date of death	Mow Pang Tzu (Chinese: 毛邦初; also transcribed as Mow Pang Tsu, Mow Pong Tsu, Mow Pang Chu or Mao Bangchu; March 5, 1904 -- June 22, 1987) was a high-ranking military officer in the Chinese Chiang Kai-shek government.	Mow Pang Tzu	1987
date of death	Narathihapate (Burmese: နရသီဟပတေ့, pronounced: (nəɹa̰ θìha̰pətḛ); also Sithu IV of Pagan; 23 April 1238 -- 1 July 1287) was the last king of the Pagan Empire who reigned from 1256 to 1287.	Narathihapate	1287
date of death	Herbert Fryer (21 May 1877 -- 7 February 1957) was an English pianist, teacher and composer.	Herbert Fryer	1957
date of death	Qara Osman (Azerbaijani: Qara Yuluq Osman Bəy, Turkish: Kara Yülük Osman Bey) (reigned 1378--1435) was a late 14th and early 15th-century leader of the Turkmen tribal federation of Aq Qoyunlu in what is now eastern Turkey, Iran, Azerbaijan and Iraq.	Qara Osman	1435
date of death	Arthur Treadwell Walden (10 May 1871 -- 26 March 1947) was a Klondike Gold Rush adventurer, dog driver and participant in the first Byrd Antarctic Expedition.	Arthur Treadwell Walden	26 March 1947
date of death	Madhira Subbanna Deekshitulu (1868-1928) is the creator of the famous Kasi Majilee Kathalu, series of short stories in Telugu language, known for their wit and humor.	Madhira Subbanna Deekshitulu	1928
date of death	Gene Miller (1928--2005) was a longtime investigative reporter at The Miami Herald who won two Pulitzer Prizes for reporting that helped save innocent men on Florida's Death Row from execution.	Gene Miller	2005
date of death	Dorothea of Saxe-Altenburg (26 June 1601 in Torgau -- 10 April 1675 in Altenburg), was a princess from the House of Wettin by birth and by marriage Duchess of Saxe-Eisenach.	Dorothea of Saxe-Altenburg	10 April 1675
date of death	Dattatraya Ganesh Godse (Devanagari: दत्तात्रय गणेश गोडसे, द. ग. गोडसे) (3 July 1914 -- 5 January 1992) was an Indian historian, playwright, art critic, art director, theatre and costume designer, and illustrator.	Dattatraya Ganesh Godse	1992
date of death	Louis Wernwag (b. Alteburg, Württemberg, Germany, 4 December 1769 -- d. Harpers Ferry, Virginia, 12 August 1843) was a prominent bridge builder in the United States in the early 19th century.	Louis Wernwag	12 August 1843
date of death	Harry Peckham (1740 -- 10 January 1787) was a King's Counsel, judge and sportsman who toured Europe and wrote a series of letters which are still being published over 200 years later.	Harry Peckham	10 January 1787
date of death	Arthur Lukyn Williams (1853-1943) was an English New Testament scholar at Jesus College, Cambridge.	Lukyn Williams	1943
date of death	Gerald Griffin (12 December 1803 -- 12 June 1840) was an Irish novelist, poet and playwright.	Gerald Griffin	12 June 1840
date of death	Emma Eliza Coe (26 September 1850, in Apia -- 1913, in Europe), known also as ``Queen Emma of New Guinea'', Emma Forsayth, Emma Farrell and Emma Kolbe was a business woman and plantation owner of mixed American/Samoan descent.	Emma Forsayth	1913
date of death	Udaykumar (5 March 1933 -- 26 December 1985) was an Indian film actor and producer in Kannada cinema, who is renowned for his quality films.	Udaykumar	26 December 1985
date of death	Oskar Heinroth (1 March 1871 -- 31 May 1945) was a German biologist who was one of the first to apply the methods of comparative morphology to animal behaviour, and was thus one of the founders of ethology.	Oskar Heinroth	31 May 1945
date of death	John Bovingdon (1890--1973) was a modern dancer-turned-economic analyst who performed regularly at the Kings Road House of architect R.M. Schindler in Los Angeles in the 1920s.	John Bovingdon	1973
date of death	Nils Trygg (1914--1951) was one of the recognized masters of twentieth century woodcarving, most famous for the Scandinavian flat-plane style of woodcarving.	Nils Trygg	1951
date of death	Alexander Bernstein, Baron Bernstein of Craigweil (15 March 1936 -- 13 April 2010) was a British television executive and a Labour member of the House of Lords.	Alexander Bernstein, Baron Bernstein of Craigweil	13 April 2010
date of death	Novica Radović (Serbian: Новица Радовић; born in Martinići in 1890 - died in Cetinje in 1945) was a Montenegrin politician.	Novica Radović	1945
date of death	Giovanni Paolo Foscarini (fl. 1600 -- 1647) was an Italian guitarist, lutenist, theorist and composer.	Giovanni Paolo Foscarini	1647
date of death	George Gwilt (1746--1807), also sometimes known as George Gwilt the Elder, was an English architect of the late 18th and early 19th century, particularly associated with buildings in and around London.	George Gwilt	1807
date of death	Tiberius Claudius Severus Proculus (about 163-by 218) was a Roman Senator.	Tiberius Claudius Severus Proculus	218
date of death	Robert D. Bailey, Sr. (July 26, 1883 -- 1963), better known as R.D. Bailey or ``Judge Bailey,'' was a Democratic politician in West Virginia.	Robert D. Bailey, Sr.	1963
date of death	Albert Tschautsch (20 December 1843 -- 18 January 1922) was a German genre painter.	Albert Tschautsch	18 January 1922
date of death	Fred Esmelton (22 June 1872 -- 23 October 1933), was an Australian-born American film actor.	Fred Esmelton	23 October 1933
date of death	Jan Chiapusso (2 February 1890 -- 21 August 1969) was a Dutch, later American, classical pianist and teacher.	Jan Chiapusso	1969
date of death	Giovanni Pierluigi da Palestrina (c. 1525 -- 2 February 1594) was an Italian Renaissance composer of sacred music and the best-known 16th-century representative of the Roman School of musical composition.	Giovanni Pierluigi da Palestrina	2 February 1594
date of death	Saint Germanus of Man (Manx: Carmane) (c. 410, Brittany - c. 474, Normandy), also known as Saint Germanus of Peel, was the first Bishop of the Isle of Man.	Germanus of Man	474
date of death	Frank Schubert (1915--2003) was the last civilian lighthouse keeper in the United States.	Frank Schubert	2003
date of death	Christopher Wittich or Christophorus Wittichius (1625, Brieg -- 1687, Leiden) was a German-born Dutch theologian.	Christopher Wittich	1687
date of death	Norman Dodd (June 29, 1899 -- January 1987) born in New Jersey, was a banker/bank manager, worked as a financial advisor and served as chief investigator in 1953 for U.S. Congressman B. Carroll Reece Special Committee on Tax Exempt Foundations (commonly referred to as the Reece Committee).	Norman Dodd	1987
date of death	Boodgur Ramakrishnaiah Panthulu (26 July 1910 -- 8 October 1974), better known as B. R. Panthulu, was an Indian film director, producer, and actor.	B. R. Panthulu	8 October 1974
date of death	Alexandre Lagoya (21 June 1929 -- 24 August 1999) was a classical guitarist and composer.	Alexandre Lagoya	24 August 1999
date of death	Martin Snape (31 December 1852, Gosport -- 24 November 1930) was an English painter who worked in a variety of media (oils, watercolours, engraving, etc.).	Martin Snape	24 November 1930
date of death	Elizabeth Vesey (1715 in Ossory, Ireland -- 1791 in Chelsea, London) was a wealthy Irish intellectual who is credited with fostering the Bluestockings, a society of women which hosted informal literary and political discussions of which she was an important member.	Elizabeth Vesey	1791
date of death	Havaldar Lalak Jan Shaheed (Urdu: لالک جان; 1967 -- 7 July 1999) is the last and most recent recipient of Nishan-e-Haider.	Lalak Jan	7 July 1999
date of death	Isabel de Bolebec, Countess of Oxford (c. 1164 -- died 2 February/3 February 1245), was the eldest daughter and co-heiress of Hugh de Bolebec II, Lord of Whitchurch, Buckinghamshire, and his wife, Margaret de Montfichet.	Isabel de Bolebec, Countess of Oxford	3 February 1245
date of death	Dahinien Gendānu, also Daxinnieni Geldanu (c. 1926--1984) was an Uilta activist from Sakhalin.	Dahinien Gendānu	1984
date of death	Hymie Barsel (11 September 1920 -- 13 March 1987) was a South African activist.	Hymie Barsel	1987
date of death	Eric Littler (14 April 1929 -- 2009) is an English former footballer who played in the Football League for Crewe Alexandra, Leicester City, Lincoln City and Wrexham.	Eric Littler	2009
date of death	George Rayner Hoff (27 November 1894 -- 19 November 1937) was a sculptor who worked in Australia.	Rayner Hoff	19 November 1937
date of death	Samaraweera Mudalige Don Premakeerthi de Alwis (3 June 1947 -- 31 July 1989; commonly known as Premakeerthi de Alwis) was a Sri Lankan radio and television broadcaster and lyricist.	Premakeerthi de Alwis	31 July 1989
date of death	August Lösch (15 October 1906 -- 30 May 1945) was a German economist, known for his seminal contributions to regional science and urban economics.	August Lösch	30 May 1945
date of death	Felix Robertson (1781--1865) was an American pioneer, physician and Jeffersonian Republican politician.	Felix Robertson	1865
date of death	Géza Wertheim (3 July 1910 -- 10 August 1979) was a Luxembourgian tennis player and bobsledder.	Géza Wertheim	10 August 1979
date of death	Friedrich Ludwig Abresch (29 December 1699, Homburg - 1782) was a Dutch philologist of German origins.	Friedrich Ludwig Abresch	1782
date of death	Henry Stauffer was born in Ibersheim, Germany on 1724 and died November 27, 1777.	Henry Stauffer	1777
date of death	Ryszard Nawrocki (7 March 1940 -- 25 April 2011) was a Polish film and stage actor, known espacially for his voice skills and work in the dubbing industry.	Ryszard Nawrocki	25 April 2011
date of death	Charles Vincent Fox, DSO (1877 - 1928?) was a British army officer and rower who won the Diamond Challenge Sculls at Henley Royal Regatta in 1900 and the Wingfield Sculls in 1901.	Charles Vincent Fox	1928
date of death	Strange Jørgenssøn (7 April 1539 -- 5 February 1610) was a Danish/Norwegian businessman and bailiff.	Strange Jørgenssøn	5 February 1610
date of death	Irene Astor, Baroness Astor of Hever (7 October 1919 -- 12 August 2001) was an English philanthropist and member of the Astor family.	Irene Astor, Baroness Astor of Hever	12 August 2001
date of death	Tadevos Hakobyan (Armenian: Թադևոս Հակոբյան; 15 June 1917 -- 15 October 1989) was a Soviet Armenian historian and geographer.	Tadevos Hakobyan	15 October 1989
date of death	Christopher Henry Muwanga Barlow (1 May 1929 -- 20 August 2006) was a Ugandan poet, notable for his poem ``Building the Nation''.	Christopher Henry Muwanga Barlow	20 August 2006
date of death	Josif Rajačić (20 July 1785 -- 1 December 1861; Serbian Cyrillic: Јосиф Рајачић, also known as Josif Rajačić-Brinski) was a metropolitan of Sremski Karlovci, Serbian Patriarch, administrator of Serbian Vojvodina and baron.	Josif Rajačić	1 December 1861
date of death	Dmitry Sakunenko (Russian: Дмитрий Сакуненко; 7 January 1930 -- 13 September 2014) was a Russian Soviet speed skater.	Dmitry Sakunenko	13 September 2014
date of death	Alfredo Ovando Candía (6 April 1918 -- 24 January 1982) was a Bolivian president and dictator (1964--66 and 1969--70), general and political figure.	Alfredo Ovando Candía	24 January 1982
date of death	Captain Frederick Libby (15 July 1891 -- 9 January 1970) became the first American flying ace, while serving as an observer in the Royal Flying Corps during World War I. Libby transferred to the United States Army Air Service on 15 September 1917.	Frederick Libby	9 January 1970
date of death	Giovanni Maria Falconetto (c. 1468--1535) was an Italian architect and artist.	Giovanni Maria Falconetto	1535
date of death	James Ranalph Jackson (1882-1975) was an Australian painter, perhaps best known for painting views of Sydney harbour.	James Ranalph Jackson	1975
date of death	Kim Hwa-jip (Hangul: 김화집, Hanja: 金和集; 26 May 1905 -- 8 July 2006) was a South Korean football player and manager.	Kim Hwa-jip	8 July 2006
date of death	Charles Walter Stetson (1858--1911) was an American artist often described as a ``colorist'' for his rich use of color.	Charles Walter Stetson	1911
date of death	Jean-Pierre Étienne (Rochefort, 9 October 1754 -- French ship Amsterdam (1810), off Texel, 31 December 1812) was a French Navy officer.	Jean-Pierre Étienne	31 December 1812
date of death	Selma Kronold (18 August 1861, Kraków -- 9 October 1920, New York) was a Jewish-born Polish operatic soprano and pianist.	Selma Kronold	9 October 1920
date of death	María Magdalena Guzmán Garza (16 May 1931 -- 12 March 2015), better known as Magda Guzmán, was a Mexican film and television actress.	Magda Guzmán	12 March 2015
date of death	Veli Mehmed Pasha was executed on the orders of sultan Ahmed III in June or July 1716.	Veli Mehmed Pasha	July 1716
date of death	Andrew Ray (31 May 1939 -- 20 August 2003) was an English actor, who was best known as a child star.	Andrew Ray	2003
date of death	Margaret Meen, née Coleman (died 1824) was an English watercolour painter.	Margaret Meen	1824
date of death	Nancy Whiskey (born Anne Alexandra Young ``Nancy'' Wilson, 4 March 1935 -- 1 February 2003) was a Scottish folk singer, best known for the 1957 hit song, ``Freight Train''.	Nancy Whiskey	1 February 2003
date of death	Thomas Barger (1909 -- 1986) was an American geologist, explorer, miner, businessman and former CEO of the Arabian American Oil Company (formerly Aramco now Saudi Aramco).	Thomas Barger	1986
date of death	Jean Joseph Martin - (b. Mirecourt (Vosges) 1837 - d. Paris 1910) was a French Archetier / Bowmaker.	Jean Joseph Martin	1910
date of death	Mujtaba Musavi Lari (1925 -- 9 March 2013) was a Shi'a Twelver Islamic scholar.	Mujtaba Musavi Lari	9 March 2013
date of death	Abdul Qadir Al Rassam,عبد القادر الرسام), 1952 - 1882), was born in Baghdad, Iraq.	Abdul Qadir Al Rassam	1952
date of death	Johan Georg Raeder (1889--1959) was a Norwegian ophthalmologist known for his studies on glaucoma.	Johan Georg Raeder	1959
date of death	Leonid Kinskey (18 April 1903 -- 8 September 1998) was a Russian-born film and television actor who enjoyed a long career.	Leonid Kinskey	8 September 1998
date of death	Frank Delos Wolfe (1863-1926) was an architect for clients across northern California.	Frank Delos Wolfe	1926
date of death	Maria of Antioch-Armenia (1215--1257) was lady of Toron from 1229 to her death.	Maria of Antioch-Armenia	1257
date of death	Victor Hubinon (26 April 1924 -- 8 January 1979) was a Belgian comic-book artist, best known for the series Buck Danny and Redbeard.	Victor Hubinon	8 January 1979
date of death	Robert MacGimsey (Pineville, Louisiana 1898 - Phoenix, Arizona 1979) was an American composer.	Robert MacGimsey	1979
date of death	William Palfrey (1741 -- 1780) was an American Patriot.	William Palfrey	1780
date of death	Erwin Raisz (1 March 1893, Lőcse, Hungary -- 1 December 1968, Bangkok, Thailand) was a Hungarian-born American cartographer, best known for his physiographic maps of landforms.	Erwin Raisz	1 December 1968
date of death	Abdul Wahid Khan (born 1872-died 1949) was an Indian classical singer, from the Kirana gharana.	Abdul Wahid Khan	1949
date of death	Max Lacroix (9 February 1913 -- 6 January 2009) was a distinguished French actuary best known as a founder of the Groupe Consultatif Actuariel Europeen.	Max Lacroix	6 January 2009
date of death	Ragnar Vold (22 November 1906 -- 16 June 1967) was a Norwegian journalist, non-fiction writer and novelist.	Ragnar Vold	1967
date of death	Isaac Nordheimer (born in Memmelsdorf, Germany, in 1809; died in New York City, 3 November 1842) was a Hebrew scholar and educator who worked in the United States.	Isaac Nordheimer	3 November 1842
date of death	Dietrich Hogemann (1852--1917) was Commodore of the Norddeutscher Lloyd fleet of ocean liners.	Dietrich Hogemann	1917
date of death	Li Ezi (Chinese: 李娥姿; 536--588), later Buddhist nun name Changbei (常悲), was an empress dowager of the Chinese/Xianbei dynasty Northern Zhou.	Li Ezi	588
date of death	Gatluak Gai (died 23 July 2011) was a member of the Sudan People's Liberation Army (SPLA) who rebelled after the April 2010 elections and led a renegade militia in the volatile Unity state of South Sudan.	Gatluak Gai	23 July 2011
date of death	Gerald FitzGerald, 15th Earl of Desmond (c. 1533 -- 11 November 1583) was an Irish nobleman and leader of the Desmond Rebellions of 1579.	Gerald FitzGerald, 15th Earl of Desmond	11 November 1583
date of death	Gianni Ferrio (15 November 1924 -- 21 October 2013) was an Italian composer, conductor and music arranger.	Gianni Ferrio	21 October 2013
date of death	Richard Elmhirst (born 18 September 1803 at Ouslethwaite Hall, Worsborough, Yorkshire; died 18 November 1859 in Lincoln) was an English first-class cricketer associated with Cambridge University who was active in the 1820s.	Richard Elmhirst	18 November 1859
date of death	Kurt von Gehlen (* 9 February 1927 in Kiel/Germany - 17 May 1995 in Königstein im Taunus) was a German mineralogist and professor.	Kurt von Gehlen	1995
date of death	Frederic Hervey Foster Quin (12 February 1799 -- 24 November 1878) was the first homeopathic physician in England.	Frederic Hervey Foster Quin	1878
date of death	Mathias Wieman (Carl Heinrich Franz Mathias Wieman) (23 June 1902 -- 3 December 1969) was a German stage-performer, silent-and-sound motion picture actor.	Mathias Wieman	3 December 1969
date of death	J. Fred Metcalf (27 July 1899 -- 10 May 1975) was an Australian rules footballer who played with North Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Fred Metcalf	10 May 1975
date of death	Edmund FitzAlan, 9th Earl of Arundel (1 May 1285 -- 17 November 1326) was an English nobleman prominent in the conflict between Edward II and his barons.	Edmund FitzAlan, 9th Earl of Arundel	17 November 1326
date of death	Robert Recorde (ca. 1512--1558) was a Welsh physician and mathematician.	Robert Recorde	1558
date of death	Heinrich Becker (1770--1822) was a German actor whose real name was Blumenthal.	Heinrich Becker	1822
date of death	George Combe (21 October 1788 -- 14 August 1858) was the leader of -- and the spokesman for -- the phrenological movement for more than twenty years.	George Combe	14 August 1858
date of death	Bartolomeo Triachini or Bartolomeo Tassi (1516-1587) was a Bolognese architect.	Bartolomeo Triachini	1587
date of death	Hendrick van Streeck (baptized 11 April 1659 - buried 19 November 1720), was a Dutch Golden Age painter of church interiors.	Hendrick van Streeck	19 November 1720
date of death	Zhang Zhifang (張直方) (died January 23, 881?) was a general of the Chinese dynasty.	Zhang Zhifang	881
date of death	Gus Pixley (1864 -- 2 June 1923) was an American actor of the silent era.	Gus Pixley	2 June 1923
date of death	Daniel Thurston (March 1, 1719 Bradford, Essex Co., Massachusetts-July 14, 1805 Bradford, Essex Co, MA), was an Officer during the American Revolution, Member of the Committee of Safety, and a member of the Committee drafting the Massachusetts State Constitution.	Daniel Thurston	1805
date of death	Thomas Lauder (or Thomas de Lawedre) (1395 -- 4 November 1481) was a 15th-century Scottish churchman.	Thomas Lauder	4 November 1481
date of death	Henry Ley, 2nd Earl of Marlborough (3 December 1595 -- 1 April 1638) was an English peer and Member of Parliament.	Henry Ley, 2nd Earl of Marlborough	1 April 1638
date of death	Andrew Stuart Hibberd MBE (5 September 1893 -- 1 November 1983) was a British radio personality for 40 years.	Stuart Hibberd	1 November 1983
date of death	James Winstone (9 February 1863--27 July 1921) was a British trade unionist Born in Risca, Winstone worked from the age of eight, first at a local brickworks, then at Risca United Colliery.	James Winstone	1921
date of death	Prof James Pillans (1778--1864) LLD FRSE was a Scottish classical scholar and educational reformer.	James Pillans	1864
date of death	George Kestell-Cornish was the third Anglican Bishop of Madagascar from 1919 until his death in 1925.	George Kestell-Cornish	1925
date of death	Lewis D. Collins, often known as Lew Collins or Cullen Lewis (12 January 1899--24 August 1954), was an American film director.	Lewis D. Collins	24 August 1954
date of death	Don Juan de Santo Domingo de Mendoza Tlacaeleltzin Chichimeca teuctli (died 1563) was the tlatoani (ruler) of Itztlacozauhcan in Amaquemecan, Chalco from 1548 to 1563.	Juan de Santo Domingo de Mendoza Tlacaeleltzin	1563
date of death	Daniel Stuart (1766--1846) was a Scottish journalist, and associate of Samuel Taylor Coleridge.	Daniel Stuart	1846
date of death	Jean-Pierre Latz (c. 1691 -- Paris, 4 August 1754 ) was one of the handful of truly outstanding cabinetmakers (ébénistes) working in Paris in the mid-18th century.	Jean-Pierre Latz	1754
date of death	Pramod Chakravorty (15 August 1929 -- 12 December 2004) was an Indian director and film producer.	Pramod Chakravorty	12 December 2004
date of death	Hasan Nazih (1921 - September 2012) was a leading Iranian civil rights lawyer, opposition leader and a former bureuacrat.	Hasan Nazih	2012
date of death	Lieutenant Colonel Charles Hercules Green DSO (26 December 1919 -- 1 November 1950) was a senior officer in the Australian Army.	Charles Hercules Green	1 November 1950
date of death	Frances Laughlin Wadsworth (1909-1978) was an American sculptor active in Hartford, Connecticut.	Frances Laughlin Wadsworth	1978
date of death	Fritz Lüddecke (23 February 1920 - 10 August 1944) was a Luftwaffe (German air force) fighter ace during the Second World war.	Fritz Lüddecke	10 August 1944
date of death	Otto VI, Margrave of Brandenburg-Salzwedel, nicknamed Otto the Short (c. 1255 -- 1303 in Lehnin) was a member of the House of Ascania and co-ruler of Brandenburg.	Otto VI, Margrave of Brandenburg-Salzwedel	1303
date of death	Charles Royle, Baron Royle JP (23 January 1896 -- 30 September 1975) was a British businessman and Labour politician.	Charles Royle, Baron Royle	30 September 1975
date of death	Horace Francis (1821-1894) was a British architect, who often worked with his elder brother, fellow architect Frederick John Francis (1818-1896)	Horace Francis	1894
date of death	Basil B. Bruno (1887 - 1955) was an American Republican Party politician, who served in the New Jersey General Assembly representing Monmouth County in 1924 and 1925, and again in 1936.	Basil B. Bruno	1955
date of death	Dionysius Andreas Freher (1649--1728) was a Christian mystic, most famous for his extensive commentaries on Jacob Boehme.	Dionysius Andreas Freher	1728
date of death	Alex Sevanian (November 3, 1946 -- February 17, 2005) was an American pharmacologist.	Alex Sevanian	2005
date of death	Laurent Dailliez (died 1991) was a French history doctor who graduated from Ecole pratique des hautes études.	Laurent Dailliez	1991
date of death	Georg von Kopp (25 July 1837 -- 4 March 1914) was a German Cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church who served as Bishop of Fulda (1881--87) and Prince-Bishop of Breslau (1881--1914).	Georg von Kopp	4 March 1914
date of death	Duke Philip Sigismund of Brunswick-Wolfenbüttel (July 1, 1568 in Hessen am Fallstein -- 19 March 1623 in Iburg) was a Lutheran administrator of the Prince-Bishopric of Verden and Osnabrück (1591--1623) son of Julius, Duke of Brunswick and Lunenburg, Prince of Wolfenbüttel and Hedwig of Brandenburg.	Philip Sigismund of Brunswick-Wolfenbüttel	19 March 1623
date of death	Vane Featherston (1864--1948) was an English theatre actress.	Vane Featherston	1948
date of death	Justin Meyer (born Raymond Meyer, 11 November 1938 -- 6 August 2002) was an American vintner, enologist, and monk of the Christian Brothers.	Justin Meyer	6 August 2002
date of death	Samuel Bleichröder (15 July 1779 -- 30 December 1855) was German Jewish banker and financier.	Samuel Bleichröder	30 December 1855
date of death	Ben Winkler (1902-1979) was a sound engineer and recordist in the U.S. film industry having some 135 credits to his name.	Ben Winkler	1979
date of death	William Guy Wall (1792 -- 1864) was an American painter of Irish birth.	William Guy Wall	1864
date of death	Balthasar Guersye, M.D. (died 1557), was an Italian physician who rose to high favour at the court of Henry VIII. On 7 November 1519 'Thomas Roos of London, surgeon, was bound over in 100l.	Balthasar Guersye	1557
date of death	Paul Sievert (born 12 March 1895, died 18 December 1988) was a German racewalker, best known for his achievements in the 50 kilometres race walk.	Paul Sievert	18 December 1988
date of death	Sir Charles Lyell, 1st Baronet, FRS (14 November 1797 -- 22 February 1875) was a British lawyer and the foremost geologist of his day.	Charles Lyell	22 February 1875
date of death	John Baptist Smith (1843--1923) is believed by some to have provided the most lasting contribution made by either side during the American Civil War.	John Baptist Smith	1923
date of death	Roger Toothaker (November 27, 1634, England -- June 1692, Province of Massachusetts Bay) was a farmer and folk-healer who came to Massachusetts from England shortly after he was born.	Roger Toothaker	1692
date of death	Lesley Duncan (married name Lesley Cox; 12 August 1943 -- 12 March 2010) was an English singer-songwriter, best known for her work during the 1970s.	Lesley Duncan	12 March 2010
date of death	Horace Harvey (October 1, 1863 -- September 9, 1949) was a lawyer, jurist, and a Chief Justice of Alberta, Canada.	Horace Harvey	1949
date of death	Goparaju Ramachandra Lavanam (10 October 1930 -- 14 August 2015), known popularly as G. Lavanam or Lavanam, was an Indian social reformer and Gandhian.	Lavanam	14 August 2015
date of death	Kristian Prestrud (22 October 1881 -- 11 November 1927) was a Norwegian naval officer and polar explorer who participated in the Amundsen Antarctic Expedition between 1910 and 1912.	Kristian Prestrud	11 November 1927
date of death	Marjorie Kendig Gates (1892--1981), best known as M .	Marjorie Kendig	1981
date of death	William Henry Warren (2 February 1852 -- 9 January 1926) was an Australian engineer and twice president of the Royal Society of New South Wales.	William Henry Warren	9 January 1926
date of death	Sarah Cobcroft (1772 -- 1857) was a midwife and farmer who emigrated from England to Australia.	Sarah Cobcroft	1857
date of death	Gopal Singh Nepali (Standard Nepali: गोपाल सिँह नेपाली ) (1902--1963) was an eminent Nepalese poet of Hindi literature and a famous lyricist of Bollywood.	Gopal Singh Nepali	1963
date of death	Vannozza dei Cattanei (née: Giovanna dei Cattanei, but nicknamed ``Vannozza''; 13 July 1442--24 November 1518) was an Italian woman who was one of the many mistresses of Cardinal Rodrigo Borgia, later to become Pope Alexander VI.	Vannozza dei Cattanei	24 November 1518
date of death	Hoàng Thị Loan (1868--1901) was the mother of Nguyen Sinh Cung, later known as Ho Chi Minh, former President of North Vietnam.	Hoàng Thị Loan	1901
date of death	Major Victor Marra Newland, MC, DCM (2 November 1876 -- 12 January 1953) was an Australian army officer and politician.	Victor Marra Newland	12 January 1953
date of death	John Sartorius (1700? -- 1780?) was an Anglo-German animal painter, the first of four generations of the celebrated Sartorius family of artists.	John Sartorius	1780
date of death	Cyriacus of Jerusalem was a bishop of Jerusalem who died during a riot in 133 AD.	Cyriacus of Jerusalem	133
date of death	Dr. Leon Geršković (2 February 1910 -- 1 April 1992) was Croatian Jewish lawyer, legal scholar and politician.	Leon Geršković	1 April 1992
date of death	Andrew Pringle, Lord Alemoor (died 1776) was a Scottish judge.	Andrew Pringle, Lord Alemoor	1776
date of death	Louis-Zéphirin Joncas (26 July 1846 -- 28 March 1903) was a Canadian civil servant, journalist and politician.	Louis-Zéphirin Joncas	28 March 1903
date of death	Henry Evans (c. 1832 -- 17 June 1905) was a conjurer, ventriloquist and humorist, born in Kennington, South London, who used the stage name Evanion.	Evanion	1905
date of death	Levi ben Abisha ben Phinhas ben Yitzhaq; (1920--May 23, 2001), served as the Samaritan High Priest from 1998 until his death.	Levi ben Abisha ben Phinhas ben Yitzhaq	2001
date of death	Atinolfo was the Bishop of Fiesole (1038--1057) and an opponent of Papal reform.	Atinolfo	1057
date of death	Federico Tedeschini (12 October 1873 -- 2 November 1959) was an Italian Cardinal of the Holy Roman Church who served as Papal Datary in the Roman Curia from 1938 until his death, and was elevated to the cardinalate in 1935 by Pope Pius XI.	Federico Tedeschini	2 November 1959
date of death	William Sawrey Gilpin (4 October 1762 (source?) -- 4 April 1843) was an English artist, drawing master and, in later life, landscape designer.	William Sawrey Gilpin	4 April 1843
date of death	Baron Carl Fredrik Pechlin (8 August 1720 -- 29 May 1796) was a Swedish politician and demagogue, son of the Holstein minister at Stockholm, Johan Pechlin, and brother of Johanna Lohm.	Carl Fredrik Pechlin	29 May 1796
date of death	Jean Dun, also known as Jean Dun ``père'', (? -- 1735) was a French opera singer active at the Paris Opéra where he created many bass roles during the late 17th and early 18th centuries.	Jean Dun	1735
date of death	Wayman Crow (1808--1885) was one of the founders of Washington University, a St. Louis businessmen, as well as a politician.	Wayman Crow	1885
date of death	Bridget Chaworth (c. 1542 -- 18 April 1621), later Bridget Carr, was a gentlewoman of the Privy Chamber to Elizabeth I and Queen Anne.	Bridget Chaworth	18 April 1621
date of death	Yasui Sanchi (安井算知, 1617-1703) was a Japanese professional go player, and second head of the Yasui house.	Yasui Sanchi	1703
date of death	John Shank (also spelled Shanke or Shanks) (died January 1636) was an actor in English Renaissance theatre, a leading comedian in the King's Men during the 1620s and 1630s.	John Shank	January 1636
date of death	Edward White Clark (January 20, 1828 -- 1904) was the head of E. W. Clark & Company, a prominent financial firm in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.	Edward White Clark	1904
date of death	Ranulph or Ralph de Mortimer (before 1198 to before 6 August 1246) was the second son of Roger de Mortimer and Isabel de Ferrers of Wigmore Castle in Herefordshire.	Ralph de Mortimer	1246
date of death	Fred Paul Hedges (March 27, 1921 -- June 19, 1999) was a master guitar builder and guitar teacher from Nashville, Tennessee.	Fred Paul Hedges	1999
date of death	John Cordier (Oudenburg, 1 September 1941-Bonheiden, 22 January 2002) was a Belgian businessman.	John Cordier	22 January 2002
date of death	Lambert Visscher (1633, Haarlem -- after 1690, Italy), was a Dutch Golden Age printmaker.	Lambert Visscher	1690
date of death	Francis Sheed Anderson CB (1897 -- 12 September 1966), was a Scottish businessman, civil servant and Liberal Party politician.	Francis Sheed Anderson	12 September 1966
date of death	Vice Admiral Glen Syndercombe SSA SD SOE SM MMM SAN (Rtd) (17 November 1931 -- 18 July 2005) was a former Chief of the South African Navy.	Glen Syndercombe	18 July 2005
date of death	Leonidas Hubbard Jr. (1872--1903) was an American journalist and adventurer.	Leonidas Hubbard	1903
date of death	Sushila Sundari (1879 - 1924) was the first Indian woman to perform in a circus.	Sushila Sundari	1924
date of death	Shlomo Lavi (Hebrew: שלמה לביא‎, born Shlomo Levkovich in 1882, died 23 July 1963) was a Zionist activist and politician.	Shlomo Lavi	23 July 1963
date of death	Arthur Dick Pougher (19 April 1865, Humberstone, Leicester, England -- 20 May 1926, Aylestone Park, Leicester, England) was a cricketer who played for Leicestershire County Cricket Club between 1894 and 1901.	Dick Pougher	20 May 1926
date of death	Dimitrie Paciurea (Romanian pronunciation: (diˈmitri.e paˈt͡ʃjure̯a); 2 November (1873 or 1875) -- 14 July 1932) was a Romanian sculptor.	Dimitrie Paciurea	1932
date of death	Tatiana Gritsi-Milliex (1920 -- 14 February 2005) was a Greek novelist and journalist.	Tatiana Gritsi-Milliex	14 February 2005
date of death	Jean-Pierre Gury (23 January 1801, in Mailleroncourt, Haute-Saône -- 18 April 1866, in Mercour, Haute Loire) was a French Jesuit moral theologian.	Jean-Pierre Gury	18 April 1866
date of death	Antti Yrjö Hammarberg (14 September 1943 -- 14 January 1991), professionally known as Irwin Goodman, was a popular Finnish rock and folk singer.	Irwin Goodman	14 January 1991
date of death	Ogier of Savoy (c.1333--1373) was the second and illegitimate son of Aymon, Count of Savoy, and half-brother of Amadeus VI.	Ogier of Savoy	1373
date of death	Michael Cacoyannis (Greek: Μιχάλης Κακογιάννης, Michalis Kakogiannis; 11 June 1921 -- 25 July 2011) was a Greek Cypriot filmmaker, best known for his 1964 film Zorba the Greek.	Michael Cacoyannis	25 July 2011
date of death	James Craigie Robertson (1813--9 July 1882) was a Scottish Anglican churchman, canon of Canterbury Cathedral, and author of a History of the Christian Church.	James Craigie Robertson	9 July 1882
date of death	James William Barclay (1832 -- 26 February 1907) was a Scottish businessman, farmer and politician.	James William Barclay	26 February 1907
date of death	Rahul Dasgupta or Rahul Da (14 January 1943 -- 19 November 2012) was an independent Indian film director.	Rahul Dasgupta	19 November 2012
date of death	Maerten de Vos, Maerten de Vos the Elder or Marten de Vos (1532 -- 4 December 1603) was a Flemish painter mainly of history paintings and portraits.	Maerten de Vos	1603
date of death	Lauritz Galtung (c. 1615-1661) was a Norwegian nobleman of the Galtung-family who was educated in the military, and became Admiral of the Dano-Norwegian joint fleet.	Lauritz Galtung	1661
date of death	Benjamin Paul Blood (November 21, 1832 -- January 15, 1919) was an American philosopher and poet.	Benjamin Paul Blood	1919
date of death	William Duncan Silkworth, M.D., (1873-1951) was an American medical doctor and specialist in the treatment of alcoholism.	William Duncan Silkworth	1951
date of death	Sir John Bamford Slack (11 July 1857 - 11 February 1909) was a British politician, member of the Liberal Party and Methodist lay preacher.	John Bamford Slack	11 February 1909
date of death	Aliqoli Mirza Qajar (1819-1880), given the honorary title of Etezado-ol-Saltaneh, was a prince of the Qajar dynasty.	Aliqoli Mirza Qajar	1880
date of death	Robert Sayer (1725--1794) was a leading publisher and seller of prints, maps and maritime charts in Georgian Britain.	Robert Sayer	1794
date of death	Field Marshal Richard Molesworth, 3rd Viscount Molesworth, PC (1680 -- 12 October 1758), styled The Honourable Richard Molesworth from 1716 to 1726, was an Anglo-Irish military officer, politician and nobleman.	Richard Molesworth, 3rd Viscount Molesworth	12 October 1758
date of death	Benjamin Pye LL.D. (1726 - 1808) was Archdeacon of Durham from 1791 to 1808.	Benjamin Pye	1808
date of death	Stephen Cabarrus (1754--1808) held the office of the Speaker of the House of Representatives in North Carolina from 1789 to 1793 and from 1800 to 1805.	Stephen Cabarrus	1808
date of death	Vicente Lusitano (died after 1561) was a Portuguese music composer and theorist of the late Renaissance.	Vicente Lusitano	1561
date of death	Frank Meechan (27 October 1929 -- 20 August 1976) was a Scottish footballer, who played for Petershill, Celtic and Stirling Albion.	Frank Meechan	20 August 1976
date of death	Washington Lloréns Lloréns (28 November 1899 -- 21 June 1989) was a Puerto Rican writer, linguist, lexicographer, and journalist.	Washington Lloréns	21 June 1989
date of death	Kapitan Laut Buisan (reigned: 1597--1619), also known as Datu Katchil or Sultan Laut Buisan, was the sixth Sultan of Maguindanao in the Philippines.	Kapitan Laut Buisan	1619
date of death	Antonio Sciortino (Ħaż-Żebbuġ, 25 January 1879 - 10 August 1947) was a Maltese sculptor whose work reflects several artistic movements, including Realism and Futurism, as well as the influence of Auguste Rodin.	Antonio Sciortino	10 August 1947
date of death	Sidney Bradford (30 May 1906 -- 2 August 1960) went blind at 10 months of age, but regained sight on both eyes after a cornea transplant at the age of 52.	Sidney Bradford	2 August 1960
date of death	Gustav Johann Georg Hellmann or Georg Gustav Hellmann (3 July 1854 -- 21 February 1939) was a German meteorologist.	Gustav Hellmann	21 February 1939
date of death	Hurtle Rice (7 July 1884 -- 25 May 1960) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Essendon in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Hurtle Rice	25 May 1960
date of death	Thomas Lilburne (died 25 March 1665) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons in 1656 and 1659.	Thomas Lilburne	25 March 1665
date of death	Moses Blackman FRS (6 December 1908 -- 3 June 1983) was a South African-born British crystallographer.	Moses Blackman	3 June 1983
date of death	António Jacinto, full name António Jacinto do Amaral Martins (28 September 1924 -- 23 June 1991), was an Angolan poet and politician.	António Jacinto	23 June 1991
date of death	Frank Frankfort Moore (1855--1931) was an Irish dramatist, biographer, novelist and poet.	Frank Frankfort Moore	1931
date of death	Robert Alanson (by 1472-1540) of Lincoln, was an English politician.	Robert Alanson	1540
date of death	Peter Cheeseman, CBE (27 January 1932, Cowplain, Hampshire -- 27 April 2010) was a British theatre director who is credited with having pioneered ``theatre in the round''.	Peter Cheeseman	27 April 2010
date of death	Nimrod Jarrett Smith (1837--1893), or Tsaladihi, was the fourth Principal Chief of the Eastern Band of Cherokee Indians.	Nimrod Jarrett Smith	1893
date of death	Johann Erasmus Kindermann (29 March 1616 -- 14 April 1655) was a German Baroque organist and composer.	Johann Erasmus Kindermann	14 April 1655
date of death	John Ferrett died suddenly from heart disease on 4 June 1894 at his home in Roderick Street, Ipswich.	John Ferrett	4 June 1894
date of death	Volkmar Gessner (9 October 1937 -- 8 November 2014) was a German university professor and a socio-legal scholar.	Volkmar Gessner	8 November 2014
date of death	Brigadier Sir Joseph Frederick Laycock KCMG DSO TD (12 June 1867 -- 10 January 1952) was a British soldier, and Olympic sailor.	Joseph Frederick Laycock	10 January 1952
date of death	Edward Kossoy (used the nom de guerre Marcinak; 4 June 1913 -- 11 October 2012) was a Polish lawyer, publicist and an activist for victims of Nazism.	Edward Kossoy	11 October 2012
date of death	Alberto Zalamea Costa (24 August 1929 -- 2 September 2011) was a Colombian journalist, politician, and diplomat.	Alberto Zalamea Costa	2 September 2011
date of death	Stanford Robinson OBE (5 July 1904 -- 25 October 1984) was an English conductor and composer, known for his work with the BBC.	Stanford Robinson	25 October 1984
date of death	Gaius Cestius Gallus (d. 67 AD) was the son of a consul of ancient Rome and was himself a consul in 42.	Cestius Gallus	67
date of death	Fritz Steinbach (17 June 1855 - 13 Aug 1916) was a German conductor and composer who was particularly associated with the works of Johannes Brahms.	Fritz Steinbach	1916
date of death	Jean Orillat (1733 -- 1779) was a Canadien-born merchant in Quebec who was captured by American supporters during the American Revolutionary War.	Jean Orillat	1779
date of death	Sir Charles Edward Pollock, SL (31 October 1823 -- 21 November 1897) was an English judge, one of the last Barons of the Court of the Exchequer and serjeants-at-law.	Charles Edward Pollock	21 November 1897
date of death	George Gough (18 March 1900 - 15 April 1952) was an Australian rules footballer who played for Fitzroy and Carlton in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	George Gough	15 April 1952
date of death	Alan Rayson (26 October 1924 -- 25 February 1982) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton and Geelong in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Alan Rayson	25 February 1982
date of death	John I, Count of Waldeck (1521 or 1522 -- 9 April 1567 at Landau Castle in Arolsen) was the founder of the younger line of Waldeck-Landau.	John I, Count of Waldeck	9 April 1567
date of death	Charles Lock (1770 -- 12 September 1804) was the British consul-general in Naples during the Neapolitan Revolution of 1799.	Charles Lock	12 September 1804
date of death	Andreas Benedict Feilmoser (born 8 April 1777, in Hopfgarten, Tyrol; d. Tübingen, 20 July 1831) was a theologian and Biblical scholar.	Andreas Benedict Feilmoser	20 July 1831
director	Apne Rang Hazaar is a 1975 Bollywood film, which was directed by director Ravi Tandon.	Apne Rang Hazaar	Ravi Tandon
director	Déjà mort is a 1998 French drama film directed by Olivier Dahan.	Déjà mort	Olivier Dahan
director	Vic and Flo Saw a Bear (French: Vic et Flo ont vu un ours) is a 2013 Canadian drama film directed by Denis Côté.	Vic and Flo Saw a Bear	Denis Côté
director	The Battle of China (1944) was the sixth film of Frank Capra's Why We Fight propaganda film series.	The Battle of China	Frank Capra
director	Konikar Ramdhenu (Assamese: কণিকাৰ ৰামধেনু) is an Assamese language film directed by Jahnu Barua.	Konikar Ramdhenu	Jahnu Barua
director	Kallarali Hoovagi (Kannada: ಕಲ್ಲರಳಿ ಹೂವಾಗಿ) is a 2006 Indian Kannada historical period drama romance film directed by T. S. Nagabharana, based on a novel of the same name written by B. L. Venu.	Kallarali Hoovagi	T. S. Nagabharana
director	Dabangg 2 is a 2012 Indian action film directed and produced by Arbaaz Khan under the banner of Arbaaz Khan Productions.	Dabangg 2	Arbaaz Khan
director	The Randomers is a 2014 romantic film from the Irish director Graham Jones about a young woman on the west coast of Ireland who places an advertisement seeking a male for a relationship without speaking.	The Randomers	Graham Jones
director	The Fatal Warning is a 1929 mystery film serial directed by Richard Thorpe.	The Fatal Warning	Richard Thorpe
director	The Lovebirds is a 2007 Portuguese feature drama film directed by Bruno de Almeida, starring Michael Imperioli, John Ventimiglia, Joaquim de Almeida, Drena De Niro, Nick Sandow and Rogério Samora.	The Lovebirds	Bruno de Almeida
director	Questi pazzi, pazzi italiani is a 1965 Italian musical film directed by Tullio Piacentini.	Questi pazzi, pazzi italiani	Tullio Piacentini
director	Secrets of Sex (1969, released 1970) aka Bizarre, is a British film, directed by Antony Balch, an experimental filmmaker and frequent collaborator with William S. Burroughs.	Secrets of Sex	Antony Balch
director	Varnapakittu (Malayalam: വർണ്ണപ്പകിട്ട്) is a 1997 Malayalam film directed by I. V. Sasi.	Varnapakittu	I. V. Sasi
director	On a Day of Ordinary Violence, My Friend Michel Seurat... (Arabic: في يوم من أيام العنف العادي، مات صديقي ميشيل سورا‎) is a Syrian documentary film by the director Omar Amiralay.	On a Day of Ordinary Violence, My Friend Michel Seurat...	Omar Amiralay
director	These Three is a 1936 American drama film directed by William Wyler.	These Three	William Wyler
director	The Trick in the Sheet (Original title:L'imbroglio Nel Lenzuolo) is a 2010 Italian romantic comedy film directed by Alfonso Arau.	The Trick in the Sheet	Alfonso Arau
director	The Queen's Flower (Romanian: Floarea reginei) is a 1946 Romanian film directed by Paul Călinescu.	The Queen's Flower	Paul Călinescu
director	Shirley Thompson vs. the Aliens is a 1972 film directed by Jim Sharman.	Shirley Thompson vs. the Aliens	Jim Sharman
director	Antarctic Journal is a 2005 film, the feature film debut by South Korean director Yim Pil-sung.	Antarctic Journal	Yim Pil-sung
director	``Poor and Stupid'' was written and directed by series co-founder Trey Parker, and was rated TV-MA LV in the United States.	Poor and Stupid	Trey Parker
director	Curtain at Eight is a 1933 American Pre-Code film directed by E. Mason Hopper.	Curtain at Eight	E. Mason Hopper
director	Midnight My Love (Thai: เฉิ่ม or Cherm, literally ``old-fashioned person'') is a 2005 Thai romantic drama film written and directed by Kongdej Jaturanrasamee and starring Petchtai Wongkamlao and Woranut Wongsawan.	Midnight My Love	Kongdej Jaturanrasamee
director	South Solitary is a 2010 Australian romance film set on South Solitary Island and directed by Shirley Barrett.	South Solitary	Shirley Barrett
director	Rice Rhapsody (alternative title Hainan Chicken Rice) (Chinese: 海南雞飯, literally meaning ``Hainanese chicken rice'') is a 2004 film directed by Kenneth Bi.	Rice Rhapsody	Kenneth Bi
director	Laughing Anne is a 1953 British adventure film directed by Herbert Wilcox and starring Wendell Corey, Margaret Lockwood, Forrest Tucker and Ronald Shiner.	Laughing Anne	Herbert Wilcox
director	Two-Gun Man from Harlem is a 1938 American low-budget western directed by Richard C. Kahn.	Two-Gun Man from Harlem	Richard C. Kahn
director	Below Utopia, also known as Body Count, is a 1997 independent film directed by Kurt Voss.	Below Utopia	Kurt Voss
director	Sneha Sedu (Kannada: ಸ್ನೇಹ ಸೇಡು) is a 1978 Indian Kannada film directed by V. Madhusudhan Rao starring Vishnuvardhan, Ambareesh and Manjula in lead roles.	Sneha Sedu	V. Madhusudhan Rao
director	Mississippi Grind is a 2015 American comedy-drama film directed and written by Anna Boden and Ryan Fleck.	Mississippi Grind	Anna Boden
director	The Soul of the Children (Spanish: El alma de los niños) is a 1951 Argentine drama film directed and written by Carlos F. Borcosque.	The Soul of the Children	Carlos F. Borcosque
director	Ramdhanu (English: The Rainbow) is a 2014 Bengali family drama film, written and directed by Nandita Roy & Shiboprosad Mukherjee, the directors of Icche, Muktodhara, Accident and Alik Sukh, and produced by Windows and Jalan International Films.	Ramdhanu	Nandita Roy
director	Me & You, Us, Forever is a 2008 Christian film written, directed and produced by Dave Christiano, and upon whose personal experience of divorce it is based.	Me & You, Us, Forever	Dave Christiano
director	Sokol Did Not Love Him (Sokol ga nije volio) is a Croatian film directed by Branko Schmidt.	Sokol Did Not Love Him	Branko Schmidt
director	Teatertosset is a 1944 Danish family film directed by Alice O'Fredericks.	Teatertosset	Alice O'Fredericks
director	I, the Worst of All (Spanish: Yo, la peor de todas) is an Argentinian film directed by María Luisa Bemberg.	I, the Worst of All	María Luisa Bemberg
director	Scenes from the Goldmine is a 1987 American film directed by Marc Rocco.	Scenes from the Goldmine	Marc Rocco
director	Lure of the Wilderness is a 1952 romantic adventure film directed by Jean Negulesco.	Lure of the Wilderness	Jean Negulesco
director	Hannah Takes the Stairs is a 2007 American independent mumblecore film by Joe Swanberg.	Hannah Takes the Stairs	Joe Swanberg
director	Simha Gharjane (Kannada: ಸಿಂಹ ಘರ್ಜನೆ) is a 1983 Indian Kannada film, directed by S. A. Chandrasekhar and produced by A. R. Raju.	Simha Gharjane	S. A. Chandrasekhar
director	Woodstock Villa is a 2008 Indian musical thriller directed by Hansal Mehta and produced by Sanjay Gupta and Ekta Kapoor.	Woodstock Villa	Hansal Mehta
director	Snehitaru is a 2012 Indian Kannada Action film written and directed by Ram Narayan and produced by Soundarya Jagadish.	Snehitaru	Ram Narayan
director	Kodathy is a 1984 Indian Malayalam film, directed by Joshiy and produced by Prathapachandran.	Kodathy	Joshiy
director	The Wild World of Batwoman is a 1966 American science fiction superhero film directed by Jerry Warren.	The Wild World of Batwoman	Jerry Warren
director	Prema Raga Haadu Gelathi (Kannada: ಪ್ರೇಮರಾಗ ಹಾಡು ಗೆಳತಿ) is a 1997 Indian Kannada romantic drama film directed by Sunil Kumar Desai and produced by Jayashree Devi.	Prema Raga Haadu Gelathi	Sunil Kumar Desai
director	The Sporting Club was adapted into a 1971 movie by director Larry Peerce and screenwriter Lorenzo Semple, Jr. The film starred Nicolas Coster as Quinn, Robert Fields as Stanton, and Maggie Blye as Stanton's wife, Janey.	The Sporting Club	Larry Peerce
director	Su íntimo secreto (English: Her deep secret) is a 1948 Argentine drama film, directed by Julio Irigoyen.	Su íntimo secreto	Julio Irigoyen
director	Biola Tak Berdawai (English: The Stringless Violin) is an Indonesian film directed by Sekar Ayu Asmara.	Biola Tak Berdawai	Sekar Ayu Asmara
director	My Awkward Sexual Adventure is a 2012 Canadian sex comedy film directed by Sean Garrity and written by Jonas Chernick.	My Awkward Sexual Adventure	Sean Garrity
director	Varudu (Telugu: వరుడు) is a 2010 Telugu action film directed by Gunasekhar.	Varudu	Gunasekhar
director	I Take This Oath is a 1940 American crime drama film directed by Sam Newfield, under the pseudonym of Sherman Scott.	I Take This Oath	Sam Newfield
director	Nobleza baturra (The Nobility of the Peasantry, also known as Aragonese Virtue) is a 1935 Spanish musical drama film directed by Florián Rey, and starring Imperio Argentina, Miguel Ligero Rodríguez, and Juan de Orduña, based on the play by the playwright Joaquín Dicenta.	Nobleza baturra	Florián Rey
director	Near the Rainbow's End is a 1930 American western directed by J. P. McGowan for Tiffany Productions.	Near the Rainbow's End	J. P. McGowan
director	Anti-Clock is a 1979 film, an analytic drama in which dreams are imaged in computerized video, written and directed by Jane Arden, and co-directed by Jack Bond.	Anti-Clock	Jane Arden
director	Em Magan is a 2006 Tamil family drama film written and directed by Thirumurugan.	Em Magan	Thirumurugan
director	The Sea of Trees is a 2015 American drama mystery film directed by Gus Van Sant and written by Chris Sparling.	The Sea of Trees	Gus Van Sant
director	Yaaron Ki Baraat is an upcoming Indian 2016 Bollywood comedy-drama film directed by Ikram Akhtar and produced by Vinod Bachchan, under the Soundrya Production banner.	Yaaron Ki Baraat	Ikram Akhtar
director	Shaolin Rescuers aka ``Avenging Warriors of Shaolin'' is a Shaw Brothers film directed by Chang Cheh.	Shaolin Rescuers	Chang Cheh
director	Over the Brooklyn Bridge is a 1984 American comedy film directed by Menahem Golan.	Over the Brooklyn Bridge	Menahem Golan
director	A Fine Pair (original title Ruba al prossimo tuo) is a 1968 Italian crime-comedy film directed by Francesco Maselli.	A Fine Pair	Francesco Maselli
director	Time of Fear (Portuguese: Salve Geral) is a 2009 Brazilian thriller film directed and written by Sérgio Rezende.	Time of Fear	Sérgio Rezende
director	Super Troopers 2 is an upcoming American crime comedy film directed by Jay Chandrasekhar.	Super Troopers 2	Jay Chandrasekhar
director	Baxter, Vera Baxter is a 1977 French film directed by Marguerite Duras, based on her then-unpublished novel Vera Baxter ou les Plages de l'Atlantique.	Baxter, Vera Baxter	Marguerite Duras
director	Queen of the Mob is a 1940 American film (also known as The Woman from Hell), directed by James P. Hogan.	Queen of the Mob	James P. Hogan
director	Eternal Allegiance (German:In Treue stark) is a 1926 German silent film directed by Heinrich Brandt and starring Otto Gebühr, Claire Rommer and Paul Richter.	Eternal Allegiance	Heinrich Brandt
director	Riders of the Plains is a 1924 Western film serial directed by Jacques Jaccard.	Riders of the Plains	Jacques Jaccard
director	Battle for Haditha is a 2007 drama film directed by British director Nick Broomfield based on the Haditha killings.	Battle for Haditha	Nick Broomfield
director	Wag the Dog is a 1997 black comedy film produced and directed by Barry Levinson.	Wag the Dog	Barry Levinson
director	Talakjung vs Tulke (Nepali: टलकजंग भर्सेस टुल्के) is a 2014 Nepalese drama film directed by Nischal Basnet.	Talakjung vs Tulke	Nischal Basnet
director	La Petite Vendeuse de Soleil (or The Little Girl Who Sold the Sun) is a 1999 Senegalese short drama film, directed by Djibril Diop Mambéty which premiered posthumously after his death in 1998.	La Petite Vendeuse de Soleil	Djibril Diop Mambéty
director	Rowing with the Wind aka Remando al viento (Spanish title) is a 1988 Spanish film written and directed by Gonzalo Suárez.	Rowing with the Wind	Gonzalo Suárez
director	Gharwali Baharwali is a 1998 Bollywood comedy drama film directed by David Dhawan and produced by Tutu Sharma.	Gharwali Baharwali	David Dhawan
director	Peege is an award-winning 1973 short student film, written and directed by Randal Kleiser, about a family's visit to an elderly relative in a nursing home.	Peege	Randal Kleiser
director	The Yellow Back is a 1926 silent film western directed by Del Andrews and produced and distributed by Universal Pictures.	The Yellow Back	Del Andrews
director	Where Danger Lives is a 1950 film noir thriller directed by John Farrow.	Where Danger Lives	John Farrow
director	Velocity Trap is a 1997 film, directed by Phillip J. Roth.	Velocity Trap	Phillip J. Roth
director	Dance Raja Dance (Kannada: ಡಾನ್ಸ್ ರಾಜ ಡಾನ್ಸ್) is a 1987 Kannada dance film directed and produced by Dwarakish for his Dwarakish Chitra banner.	Dance Raja Dance	Dwarakish
director	The Crime of Cuenca (Spanish: El crimen de Cuenca) is a Spanish drama film (made in 1980), directed by Pilar Miró and based on historical facts from the early 20th century in the Spanish province of Cuenca.	The Crime of Cuenca	Pilar Miró
director	Ondagi Balu (Kannada: ಒಂದಾಗಿ ಬಾಳು) is a 1989 Indian Kannada film, directed by K. S. R. Das and produced by Vijaya Shankar Bhat.	Ondagi Balu	K. S. R. Das
director	Tragic Return (Italian: Tragico ritorno) is a 1952 Italian drama film directed by Pier Luigi Faraldo.	Tragic Return	Pier Luigi Faraldo
director	Keep It Up Downstairs is a 1976 British sex comedy film directed by Robert Young and starring Diana Dors, Jack Wild and William Rushton.	Keep It Up Downstairs	Robert Young
director	Dude, Where's My Car? is a 2000 American stoner comedy film directed by Danny Leiner.	Dude, Where's My Car?	Danny Leiner
director	The Curse of the Living Corpse is a 1964 low-budget American horror film written, directed, and produced by Del Tenney.	The Curse of the Living Corpse	Del Tenney
director	Zabak is a 1961 Hindi/Urdu action costume drama film produced and directed by Homi Wadia for his Basant Pictures under the Wadia Productions banner.	Zabak	Homi Wadia
director	A Difficult Life (Italian: Una vita difficile) is a Commedia all'italiana or Italian-style comedy film directed by Dino Risi in 1961.	A Difficult Life	Dino Risi
director	The Cold Room is a 1984 cable television film by James Dearden.	The Cold Room	James Dearden
director	La Vuelta de Martín Fierro is a 1974 Argentine film directed by Enrique Dawi and based on the second part of the poem Martín Fierro by José Hernández.	La Vuelta de Martín Fierro	Enrique Dawi
director	Won on the Post is a 1912 Australian silent film directed by Alfred Rolfe set against a backdrop of horseracing.	Won on the Post	Alfred Rolfe
director	Senza colpa! is a 1915 silent Italian drama film directed by Carmine Gallone.	Senza colpa!	Carmine Gallone
director	35 & Ticking (also known as Russ Parr's 35 & Ticking or 35 and Ticking) is an American romantic comedy film written and directed by Russ Parr.	35 and Ticking	Russ Parr
director	We Don't Live Here Anymore is a 2004 drama film directed by John Curran.	We Don't Live Here Anymore	John Curran
director	Caroline at Midnight is a 1994 romantic/thriller film, written by Travis Rink and directed by Scott McGinnis.	Caroline at Midnight	Scott McGinnis
director	The Point Men is a 2001 action crime thriller film by John Glen, the director of all the James Bond films in the 1980s, about a team of Israeli agents being killed off one-by-one after a botched anti-terrorist operation.	The Point Men	John Glen
director	The Rescue on the River (French: Sauvetage en rivière) was an 1896 short silent film directed by Georges Méliès.	The Rescue on the River	Georges Méliès
director	Pennpada is a 1975 Indian Malayalam film, directed by Crossbelt Mani and produced by CP Sreedharan, P Appu Nair and KV Nair.	Pennpada	Crossbelt Mani
director	Under Mexicali Stars is a 1950 American Western film directed by George Blair and written by Robert Creighton Williams.	Under Mexicali Stars	George Blair
director	The Diva (German:Die Garde-Diva) is a 1929 German silent comedy film directed by Kurt Blachy.	The Diva	Kurt Blachy
director	Without Warning! is a 1952 film noir directed by Arnold Laven.	Without Warning!	Arnold Laven
director	Zoran, My Nephew the Idiot (Italian: Zoran, il mio nipote scemo) is a 2013 Italian-Slovenian comedy film directed by Matteo Oleotto.	Zoran, My Nephew the Idiot	Matteo Oleotto
director	Murder in Coweta County was a 1983 television movie produced by Dick Atkins & Michael Lepiner, directed by Gary Nelson, and written by Dennis Nemec based on Barnes' book.	Murder in Coweta County	Gary Nelson
director	The Donovan Affair is a 1929 American Pre-Code comedic murder-mystery film directed by Frank Capra.	The Donovan Affair	Frank Capra
director	Kanał (Polish pronunciation: (ˈkanaw), Sewer) is a 1956 Polish film directed by Andrzej Wajda.	Kanał	Andrzej Wajda
director	Languid Kisses, Wet Caresses (Italian: Languidi baci... perfide carezze) is a 1976 Italian comedy film directed by Alfredo Angeli.	Languid Kisses, Wet Caresses	Alfredo Angeli
director	Bulgarian Lovers (Los novios búlgaros) is a 2003 Spanish drama film directed by Eloy de la Iglesia.	Bulgarian Lovers	Eloy de la Iglesia
director	Sir Galahad of Twilight is a 1914 American silent short drama film directed by Sydney Ayres and written by Marie Layet.	Sir Galahad of Twilight	Sydney Ayres
director	The Testing Block is a 1920 American Western silent film directed by Lambert Hillyer and written by Lambert Hillyer and William S. Hart.	The Testing Block	Lambert Hillyer
director	Frozen Justice is a 1929 American partially sound drama film with a synchronized soundtrack featuring music and sound effects directed by Allan Dwan.	Frozen Justice	Allan Dwan
director	Meet My Sister is a 1933 British comedy film directed by Jean Daumery and starring Clifford Mollison, Constance Shotter and Enid Stamp-Taylor.	Meet My Sister	Jean Daumery
director	Chased by the Dogs or The Thief and the Dogs (Arabic: اللص والكلاب‎, translit. El less wal kilab) is a 1962 Egyptian film directed by Kamal El Sheikh, based on the novel The Thief and the Dogs by Naguib Mahfouz.	Chased by the Dogs	Kamal El Sheikh
director	Ee Jeeva Ninagagi (Kannada: ಈ ಜೀವ ನಿನಗಾಗಿ) is a 1986 Indian Kannada film, directed by V. Somashekhar and produced by Vijaya Shankar Bhat.	Ee Jeeva Ninagagi	V. Somashekhar
director	Door Ki Awaaz is a 1964 Indian Family, Suspense Drama movie directed by Devendra Goel.	Door Ki Awaaz	Devendra Goel
director	Five Miles to Midnight (French: Le Couteau dans la plaie, literally The Knife in the wound) is a 1962 internationally co-produced drama film directed by Anatole Litvak.	Five Miles to Midnight	Anatole Litvak
director	Dada's Dance (simplified Chinese: 达达; traditional Chinese: 達達; pinyin: Dádá) is a 2008 Chinese film directed by the leading sixth generation director, Zhang Yuan.	Dada's Dance	Zhang Yuan
director	In 1962, German entertainer Peter Frankenfeld and director Heinz Dunkhase discovered Dinner for One in Blackpool.	Dinner for One	Heinz Dunkhase
director	The Love Route is a 1915 American Western silent film directed by Allan Dwan and written by Allan Dwan and Edward Henry Peple.	The Love Route	Allan Dwan
director	Divot Diggers is a 1936 Our Gang short comedy film directed by Robert F. McGowan;	Divot Diggers	Robert F. McGowan
director	Unvanquished City (Polish: Robinson warszawski, Polish: Miasto nieujarzmione) is a 1950 Polish drama film directed by Jerzy Zarzycki.	Unvanquished City	Jerzy Zarzycki
director	The Appeared (also known as Aparecidos) is a 2007 Spanish language horror film that was directed and written by Paco Cabezas.	The Appeared	Paco Cabezas
director	Catherine de Heilbronn is a 1980 French TV film made by Éric Rohmer for the television channel Antenne 2.	Catherine de Heilbronn	Éric Rohmer
director	Why Do They Call It Love When They Mean Sex? (Spanish: ¿Por qué lo llaman amor cuando quieren decir sexo?) is a 1993 Spanish film directed by Manuel Gómez Pereira.	Why Do They Call It Love When They Mean Sex?	Manuel Gómez Pereira
director	Neon Bull (Portuguese: Boi neon) is a 2015 Brazilian drama film directed by Gabriel Mascaro.	Neon Bull	Gabriel Mascaro
director	Death Mills (or Die Todesmühlen) is a 1945 American film directed by Billy Wilder and produced by the United States Department of War.	Death Mills	Billy Wilder
director	Law of the Wolf is a 1939 American film directed by Bernard B. Ray and featuring Rin Tin Tin III. The film is also known as Law of the Wild (American reissue title).	Law of the Wolf	Bernard B. Ray
director	Caminito de Gloria is a 1939 Argentine musical melodrama film written and directed by Luis César Amadori.	Caminito de Gloria	Luis César Amadori
director	Siao Yu (Chinese: 少女小漁) is a Taiwanese film directed by Sylvia Chang, written by Sylvia Chang and Ang Lee, starring Rene Liu in her debut film role, released in 1995.	Siao Yu	Sylvia Chang
director	Keep Away from the Window (Polish: Daleko od okna) is a 2000 Polish drama film directed by Jan Jakub Kolski.	Keep Away from the Window	Jan Jakub Kolski
director	The Secret of Johann Orth (German:Das Geheimnis um Johann Orth) is a 1932 German historical drama film directed by Willi Wolff and starring Karl Ludwig Diehl, Ellen Richter and Paul Wegener.	The Secret of Johann Orth	Willi Wolff
director	Nøddebo Præstegård (Nøddebo Parsonage) is a 1934 Danish family film Christmas classic directed by George Schnéevoigt and written by frequent collaborator Fleming Lynge with the score by Kai Normann Andersen.	Nøddebo Præstegård	George Schnéevoigt
director	Sone Yay (Burmese: စုန်ရေ; Downstream) is a 1990 Burmese drama film directed by Kyi Soe Tun.	Sone Yay	Kyi Soe Tun
director	Stars Over Texas is a 1946 American film directed by Robert Emmett Tansey.	Stars Over Texas	Robert Emmett Tansey
director	The Final Mask (German:Die letzte Maske) is a 1924 German silent drama film directed by Emmerich Hanus and starring Margarete Lanner and Wilhelm Diegelmann.	The Final Mask	Emmerich Hanus
director	If I Were Free is a 1933 American Pre-Code drama film directed by Elliott Nugent and written by Dwight Taylor.	If I Were Free	Elliott Nugent
director	Jasamine Freckel's Love Affair is a 1921 short Australian silent film directed by P.J. Ramster.	Jasamine Freckel's Love Affair	P.J. Ramster
director	Thou Wast Mild and Lovely is a 2014 experimental thriller film written and directed by Josephine Decker.	Thou Wast Mild and Lovely	Josephine Decker
director	Mooruvare Vajragalu (Kannada: ಮೂರೂವರೆ ವಜ್ರಗಳು) is a 1973 Indian Kannada film, directed by Y. R. Swamy and produced by I Krishnamurthy and C H Madhava Ravu.	Mooruvare Vajragalu	Y. R. Swamy
director	Boca a boca (released in English as Mouth to Mouth) is a 1995 Spanish film directed by Manuel Gómez Pereira.	Boca a boca	Manuel Gómez Pereira
director	The Aggression Scale is a 2012 action film directed by Steven C. Miller.	The Aggression Scale	Steven C. Miller
director	Retreat, Hell! is a 1952 American war film about the 1st Marine Division in the Korean War, directed by Joseph H. Lewis.	Retreat, Hell!	Joseph H. Lewis
director	Des journées entières dans les arbres (in English, Entire Days in the Trees) is a 1976 French film directed by Marguerite Duras, based on her novel.	Des journées entières dans les arbres	Marguerite Duras
director	Greaser's Palace is a 1972 American acid western cult film directed by underground filmmaker Robert Downey, Sr. A parable based on the life of Christ, it utilizes surrealist comedy in a setting of America's frontier days.	Greaser's Palace	Robert Downey, Sr.
director	Lagna Pathrike (Kannada: ಲಗ್ನ ಪತ್ರಿಕೆ) is a 1967 Indian Kannada film, directed by K. S. L. Swamy and produced by A M Sameevulla.	Lagna Pathrike	K. S. L. Swamy
director	A Virginia Courtship is a 1921 American drama silent film directed by Frank O'Connor and written by Edfrid A. Bingham and Eugene Wiley Presbrey.	A Virginia Courtship	Frank O'Connor
director	Total Corruption (aka Chi Chi LaRue's Total Corruption) is a 1993 gay pornographic feature-length video about a newbie cop and his comrades.	Total Corruption	Chi Chi LaRue
director	Four Sheets to the Wind is a 2007 independent drama film written and directed by Sterlin Harjo.	Four Sheets to the Wind	Sterlin Harjo
director	The Story of Joseph and His Brethren (Italian: Giuseppe venduto dai fratelli) is a 1961 Yugoslavian/Italian film directed by Irving Rapper and Luciano Ricci.	The Story of Joseph and His Brethren	Irving Rapper
director	Next Stop Wonderland is a 1998 American romantic comedy film directed by Brad Anderson and written by Anderson and Lyn Vaus.	Next Stop Wonderland	Brad Anderson
director	Stand Up and Cheer! is a 1934 American musical film directed by Hamilton MacFadden.	Stand Up and Cheer!	Hamilton MacFadden
director	A Daughter of Luxury is a 1922 American comedy silent film directed by Paul Powell and written by Beulah Marie Dix, Leonard Merrick and Michael Morton.	A Daughter of Luxury	Paul Powell
director	Punch and Jody (1974) is a NBC TV movie, starring Glenn Ford and directed by Barry Shear	Punch and Jody	Barry Shear
director	The Chain Reaction (also known as Chain Reaction) is a 1980 Australian independent action/disaster/thriller film directed and written by Ian Barry.	The Chain Reaction	Ian Barry
director	Chaurahen is an Indian drama film directed by Rajshree Ojha, starring Zeenat Aman,Kiera Chaplin,Rupa Ganguly in the lead roles.	Chaurahen	Rajshree Ojha
director	Nurse Cavell is a 1916 Australian feature-length film directed by W. J. Lincoln about the execution of Edith Cavell during World War I. It was also known as Edith Cavell.	Nurse Cavell	W. J. Lincoln
director	Thomas Kinkade's Home for Christmas, also known as Thomas Kinkade's Christmas Cottage, is a 2008 Christmas biopic directed by Michael Campus.	Christmas Cottage	Michael Campus
director	Holding Trevor is a 2007 gay American romantic-drama written by and starring Brent Gorski as Trevor and produced and directed by Rosser Goodman.	Holding Trevor	Rosser Goodman
director	The Last Meeting (Spanish: Último encuentro) is a 1967 Spanish drama film directed by Antonio Eceiza.	The Last Meeting	Antonio Eceiza
director	Like Rabid Dogs (Italian: Come cani arrabbiati) is a 1976 Italian crime-thriller film written and directed by Mario Imperoli.	Like Rabid Dogs	Mario Imperoli
director	Unearthly Stranger is a low-budget British sci-fi film, directed by John Krish for producers Julian Wintle and Leslie Parkyn, and released in the UK by Independent Artists (Production) Limited in 1964.	Unearthly Stranger	John Krish
director	Never Trouble Trouble is a 1931 British comedy film directed by Lupino Lane and starring Lane, Renee Clama and Jack Hobbs.	Never Trouble Trouble	Lupino Lane
director	Kadhaludan (English: With Love) is a 2003 Indian Tamil romantic drama film directed by Rajakumaran.	Kadhaludan	Rajakumaran
director	His Majesty's Adjutant (Czech: Der Adjutant seiner Hoheit) is a Czech comedy film directed by Martin Frič.	His Majesty's Adjutant	Martin Frič
director	Danger Patrol is a 1937 American drama film directed by Lew Landers from a screenplay by Sy Bartlett based on a story by Helen Vreeland and Hilda Vincent.	Danger Patrol	Lew Landers
director	Rebel Intruders (also known as Killer Army) is a Shaw Brothers film directed by Chang Cheh and starring the Venom Mob.	Rebel Intruders	Chang Cheh
director	Seraphim Falls is a 2006 American revenge film directed by television producer and director David Von Ancken in his first feature film.	Seraphim Falls	David Von Ancken
director	``The Robbery'' was written by Matt Goldman, a firstimer, therefore making this episode the first not to be written by Seinfeld or David and the only one not written by Seinfeld and David for the season, and directed by Tom Cherones, during the course of the first production season.	The Robbery	Tom Cherones
director	Count Festenberg (German:Graf Festenberg) is a 1922 German silent film directed by Urban Gad and Frederic Zelnik and starring Charles Willy Kayser, Harald Paulsen and Heinrich Peer.	Count Festenberg	Urban Gad
director	The Pearl of Cleopatra (Italian:Le perle di Cleopatra) is a 1922 Italian silent film directed by Guido Brignone and starring Carlo Aldini.	The Pearl of Cleopatra	Guido Brignone
director	18 Vayasu is a 2012 Indian Tamil psychological thriller film written and directed by R. Panneerselvam starring the actor known as Johnny.	18 Vayasu	R. Panneerselvam
director	``Death Has a Shadow'' was written by Seth MacFarlane and directed by Peter Shin, and featured a guest performance from Pat Summerall as well as various recurring guest voices from the series.	Death Has a Shadow	Peter Shin
director	Les Égouts du paradis (The Sewers of Paradise) is a 1979 French film directed by José Giovanni, based on a 1976 heist by Albert Spaggiari.	Les Égouts du paradis	José Giovanni
director	Prema Katha (English: Love Story) is a 1999 Telugu romantic tragedy film written and directed by Ram Gopal Varma.	Prema Katha	Ram Gopal Varma
director	The Space Movie is a documentary film produced in 1979 by Tony Palmer at the request of NASA, to celebrate the tenth anniversary of the Apollo 11 moon landing.	The Space Movie	Tony Palmer
director	Napoleon's Daughter (German:Die Tochter Napoleons) is a 1922 German silent historical film directed by Frederic Zelnik and starring Lya Mara.	Napoleon's Daughter	Frederic Zelnik
director	Captain Eddie is a 1945 American drama film directed by Lloyd Bacon, based on Seven Were Saved by ``Eddie'' Rickenbacker and Lt. James Whittaker's We Thought We Heard the Angels Sing.	Captain Eddie	Lloyd Bacon
director	Miss Polly is a 1941 American comedy film directed by Fred Guiol and written by Eugene Conrad and Edward E. Seabrook.	Miss Polly	Fred Guiol
director	Maya Lokam or Mayalokam (English title: Magic World; Telugu: మాయలోకం) is a 1945 Telugu film directed by Gudavalli Ramabrahmam.	Mayalokam	Gudavalli Ramabrahmam
director	Mission Over Korea is a 1953 American war film released by Columbia Pictures, directed by Fred F. Sears, as his first feature-length film, from a story by former war correspondent Richard Tregaskis, author of Guadalcanal Diary.	Mission Over Korea	Fred F. Sears
director	There's Always Vanilla is a 1971 film and was director George A. Romero's second motion picture and, as of 2013, his only romantic comedy.	There's Always Vanilla	George A. Romero
director	Tongues Untied is a 1989 semi-documentary film directed by Marlon Riggs.	Tongues Untied	Marlon Riggs
director	Pierre of the Plains is a 1942 Northern film set in Saskatchewan, Canada, directed by George B. Seitz and starring John Carroll and Ruth Hussey.	Pierre of the Plains	George B. Seitz
director	The Mate of the Sally Ann (also known as Peggy Rebels) is a 1917 American silent comedy drama film directed by Henry King.	The Mate of the Sally Ann	Henry King
director	Red Bells II (also known as 10 Days That Shook the World and Red Bells Part II -- I Saw the Birth of the New World) is a 1983 adventure-drama film directed by Sergei Bondarchuk.	Red Bells II	Sergei Bondarchuk
director	A Century of Cinema is a 1994 documentary directed by Caroline Thomas about the art of filmmaking (coinciding with cinema's 100th anniversary), containing numerous interviews with some of the most influential film personalities of the 20th century.	A Century of Cinema	Caroline Thomas
director	The Mill of Good Luck (Romanian: La 'Moara cu noroc') is a 1955 Romanian drama film directed by Victor Iliu.	The Mill of Good Luck	Victor Iliu
director	The Pooch is a 1932 Our Gang short comedy film directed by Robert F. McGowan.	The Pooch	Robert F. McGowan
director	The Mystery of Alexina (French: Le Mystère Alexina), also titled Alexina, is a 1985 French drama film directed by René Féret.	The Mystery of Alexina	René Féret
director	Veera Thalattu is a 1998 Tamil language film directed by Kasthuri Raja.	Veera Thalattu	Kasthuri Raja
director	Canto de amor is a 1940 Argentine romantic musical drama film, directed and written by Julio Irigoyen.	Canto de amor	Julio Irigoyen
director	Three Guys Named Mike is a 1951 American black-and-white film by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, directed by Charles Walters.	Three Guys Named Mike	Charles Walters
director	He's a Woman, She's a Man (金枝玉葉 or Gam Chi Yuk Yip) is a 1994 film directed by Peter Chan Ho Sun and written by James Yuen and Lee Chi Ngai.	He's a Woman, She's a Man	Peter Chan
director	Pravachakan is a Malayalam movie released in 1993 under the direction of P. G. Viswambharan.	Pravachakan	P. G. Viswambharan
director	Hogar, dulce hogar (English: Home, sweet home) is a 1941 Argentine film written and directed by Luis Moglia Barth.	Hogar, dulce hogar	Luis Moglia Barth
director	Jhanjhaar (Fire) is a 1987 Hindi social drama film directed by V. Shantaram.	Jhanjhaar	V. Shantaram
director	Oru Oorla Rendu Raja (English: Two kings in a town) is a 2014 Indian Tamil comedy film written and directed by R. Kannan and produced by S. Michael Rayappan.	Oru Oorla Rendu Raja	R. Kannan
director	Macho Dancer is a 1988 Philippine film, directed Lino Brocka, which explores the harsh realities of a young, poor, rural gay man, who after being dumped by his American boyfriend, is forced to make a living for himself in Manila's seamy red-light district.	Macho Dancer	Lino Brocka
director	Waissman is a documentary film by Eduardo Montes-Bradley featuring the life and works of Argentine artist Andrés Waissman.	Waissman	Eduardo Montes-Bradley
director	Esta noche mejor no is a 1965 Argentine comedy film directed by Julio Saraceni.	Esta noche mejor no	Julio Saraceni
director	The Hoose-Gow is a 1929 short film starring Laurel and Hardy, directed by James Parrott and produced by Hal Roach.	The Hoose-Gow	James Parrott
director	Sleep Dealer is a 2008 futuristic science fiction film directed by Alex Rivera.	Sleep Dealer	Alex Rivera
director	Uncle Kent is a 2011 American film written by Kent Osborne and co-written and directed and Joe Swanberg.	Uncle Kent	Joe Swanberg
director	Three Who Loved is a 1931 American Pre-Code drama film directed by George Archainbaud from a screenplay by Beulah Marie Dix based on a story by Pulitzer Prize-winning author Martin Flavin.	Three Who Loved	George Archainbaud
director	Mabel and Fatty Viewing the World's Fair at San Francisco is a 1915 American short comedy-documentary film both starring and directed by Roscoe Arbuckle and Mabel Normand.	Mabel and Fatty Viewing the World's Fair at San Francisco	Roscoe Arbuckle	Mabel Normand
director	Tire Trouble is a 1924 American short silent comedy film directed by Robert F. McGowan.	Tire Trouble	Robert F. McGowan
director	Kıskıvrak is a 1986 Turkish adventure film, directed by Halit Refiğ and starring Tarik Akan, Gülsen Bubikoglu, and Korhan Abay.	Kıskıvrak	Halit Refiğ
director	Ardh Satya (Hindi: अर्ध सत्य; Half Truth) is a 1983 film directed by Govind Nihalani, his second offering after another angst-ridden movie Aakrosh (1980).	Ardh Satya	Govind Nihalani
director	Ee Pattanathil Bhootham is a 2009 comedy fantasy Malayalam film directed by Johny Antony.	Ee Pattanathil Bhootham	Johny Antony
director	A Ninja Pays Half My Rent is a short comedy film by Steven Tsuchida, it was first released in 2003.	A Ninja Pays Half My Rent	Steven Tsuchida
director	The ABC of Love (Portuguese: ABC do amor, Spanish: Noche terrible) is a 1967 Brazilian and Argentine drama film directed by Eduardo Coutinho and Rodolfo Kuhn.	The ABC of Love	Eduardo Coutinho	Rodolfo Kuhn
director	Adiós problemas (English language: Goodbye problems) is a 1955 Argentine romantic drama film directed by Kurt Land and written by Abel Santacruz.	Adiós problemas	Kurt Land
director	Woman Draped in Patterned Handkerchiefs is a 1908 British short silent documentary film, directed by George Albert Smith as a showcase of his new Kinemacolor system, which features a woman displaying assorted tartan cloths, both draped on her body and waved semaphore-style.	Woman Draped in Patterned Handkerchiefs	George Albert Smith
director	2 or 3 Things I Know About Him (German: 2 oder 3 Dinge, die ich von ihm weiß) is a documentary film in which German director Malte Ludin examines the impact of Nazism in his family.	2 or 3 Things I Know About Him	Malte Ludin
director	Our New Errand Boy is a 1905 British short silent comedy film, directed by James Williamson, about a new errand boy, engaged by a grocer who soon regrets the appointment.	Our New Errand Boy	James Williamson
director	The Lady Refuses is a 1931 American Pre-Code melodrama film, directed by George Archainbaud, from a screenplay by Wallace Smith, based on an original story by Guy Bolton and Robert Milton.	The Lady Refuses	George Archainbaud
director	Nights and Weekends is a 2008 American mumblecore film directed by and starring Joe Swanberg and Greta Gerwig.	Nights and Weekends	Joe Swanberg	Greta Gerwig
director	Bravo maestro is a 1978 Yugoslavian drama film directed by Rajko Grlić.	Bravo maestro	Rajko Grlić
director	Instructions Not Included (original Spanish title: No se aceptan devoluciones, literally No Refunds Accepted) is a 2013 Mexican comedy-drama film co-written, directed by, and starring Eugenio Derbez.	Instructions Not Included	Eugenio Derbez
director	House of Fears is a 2007 horror film, directed by Ryan Little.	House of Fears	Ryan Little
director	Ride, Kelly, Ride is a 1941 American drama film directed by Norman Foster and written by William Conselman Jr. and Irving Cummings Jr..	Ride, Kelly, Ride	Norman Foster
director	The Bull of Olivera (German:Der Stier von Olivera) is a 1921 German silent historical film directed by Erich Schönfelder and starring Emil Jannings.	The Bull of Olivera	Erich Schönfelder
director	Billy the Kid's Gun Justice is a 1940 American western directed by Sam Newfield for Producers Releasing Corporation, and 3rd in PRC's Billy the Kid series.	Billy the Kid's Gun Justice	Sam Newfield
director	Journeys with George is a documentary by Alexandra Pelosi and Aaron Lubarsky that follows George W. Bush for more than a year on his campaign trail in the United States presidential election, 2000.	Journeys with George	Alexandra Pelosi	Aaron Lubarsky
director	Manamagale Vaa (English: Come Bridegroom) is a 1988 Tamil-language Indian feature film directed by Panchu Arunachalam, starring Prabhu in lead role.The film was blockbuster at the boxoffice.	Manamagale Vaa	Panchu Arunachalam
director	Thadaiyara Thaakka (English: Breaking all Barriers) is a 2012 Tamil action thriller film directed by Magizh Thirumeni who earlier directed Mundhinam Paartheney.	Thadaiyara Thaakka	Magizh Thirumeni
director	Lena Warnstetten is a 1925 German silent film directed by Erich Eriksen and starring Grete Reinwald and William Dieterle..	Lena Warnstetten	Erich Eriksen
director	Art of the Devil (Thai: คนเล่นของ or Khon len khong) is a 2004 Thai horror film directed by Tanit Jitnukul.	Art of the Devil	Tanit Jitnukul
director	Prometheus of the Island (Serbo-Croatian: Prometej s otoka Viševice), also known in English as Prometheus from the island of Viševica, is a 1964 Yugoslav film directed by Vatroslav Mimica.	Prometheus of the Island	Vatroslav Mimica
director	Kuttyedathi (Malayalam: കുട്ട്യേടത്തി, English: Kutty, the Elder Sister) is a 1971 Malayalam language film directed by P. N. Menon and written by M. T. Vasudevan Nair.	Kuttyedathi	P. N. Menon
director	``Jared Has Aides'' was written and directed by series co-creator Trey Parker.	Jared Has Aides	Trey Parker
director	Fangio, the Demon of the Tracks (Spanish: Fangio, el demonio de las pistas) is a 1950 Argentine motor racing film directed by Román Viñoly Barreto, starring Yvonne Bastien, Ernesto Bianco, Armando Bo and Néstor Deval.	Fangio, the Demon of the Tracks	Román Viñoly Barreto
director	High Tide at Noon is a 1957 British drama film directed by Philip Leacock.	High Tide at Noon	Philip Leacock
director	Thoogudeepa (Kannada: ತೂಗುದೀಪ) is a 1966 Indian Kannada film, directed by K. S. L. Swamy in a directorial debut, and produced by R G Keshava Murthy.	Thoogudeepa	K. S. L. Swamy
director	Kaizokuban Bootleg Film (Japanese: 海賊版) is a 1999 Japanese drama film directed by Masahiro Kobayashi.	Kaizokuban Bootleg Film	Masahiro Kobayashi
director	Accidental Love is a 2015 American comedy film directed by David O. Russell (under a pseudonym) and written by Russell, Kristin Gore, Dave Jeser, and Matt Silverstein, from the novel Sammy's Hill by Gore.	Accidental Love	David O. Russell
director	A Woman for a Season (Romanian: Răutăciosul adolescent) is a 1969 Romanian comedy film directed by Gheorghe Vitanidis.	A Woman for a Season	Gheorghe Vitanidis
director	Alludugaaru Vachcharu (English: Son-in-law had Came) is a 1999 Telugu drama film produced by Sunkara Madhu Murali and Mullapudi Brahmanandam and directed by Ravi Raja Pinisetty.	Alludugaaru Vachcharu	Ravi Raja Pinisetty
director	Zapped Again!, directed by Doug Campbell, is a 1990 direct-to-video film.	Zapped Again!	Doug Campbell
director	Cat, Dog & Co. is a 1929 Our Gang short silent comedy film directed by Robert A. McGowan under the pseudonym ``Anthony Mack''.	Cat, Dog & Co.	Robert A. McGowan
director	Sivasakthi is a 1996 Tamil crime film directed by Suresh Krissna.	Sivasakthi	Suresh Krissna
director	Cappy Ricks is a 1921 American silent adventure film directed by Tom Forman and written by Peter B. Kyne, Albert S. Le Vino, Edward E. Rose and Waldemar Young.	Cappy Ricks	Tom Forman
director	Molly's Pilgrim is a 1985 American short film directed by Jeffrey D. Brown, based on the children's book of the same title by Barbara Cohen, who also appeared in the film as a crossing guard.	Molly's Pilgrim	Jeffrey D. Brown
director	Lelíček ve službách Sherlocka Holmese is a 1932 Czechoslovak comedy film directed by Karel Lamač.	Lelíček ve službách Sherlocka Holmese	Karel Lamač
director	Four Days in November is a 1964 American documentary film directed by Mel Stuart about the assassination of John F. Kennedy.	Four Days in November	Mel Stuart
director	The Chimney's Secret is a 1915 American silent drama film directed by and featuring Lon Chaney.	The Chimney's Secret	Lon Chaney
director	The Angelmakers is a 2005 documentary, the debut film of filmmaker Astrid Bussink, which provides insight into the epidemic of arsenic murders by women, known as The Angel Makers of Nagyrév, which brought worldwide attention to the area in 1929.	The Angelmakers	Astrid Bussink
director	Kerala Cafe is a 2009 Malayalam anthology film produced by Ranjith and directed by a team of ten directors including Lal Jose, Shaji Kailas, Anwar Rasheed, Shyamaprasad, B. Unnikrishnan, Revathy, Anjali Menon, M. Padmakumar, Shankar Ramakrishnan, and Uday Ananthan.	Kerala Cafe	Ranjith	Lal Jose	Shaji Kailas	Anwar Rasheed	Shyamaprasad	B. Unnikrishnan	Anjali Menon	M. Padmakumar	Shankar Ramakrishnan	Uday Ananthan
director	In the early to mid 1950s the composer Edward Bland, novelist Mark Kennedy, city-planner Nelam Hill, and mathematician Eugene Titus conceived the idea for The Cry of Jazz.	Cry of Jazz	Edward Bland
director	Temporary Paradise (Hungarian: Ideiglenes paradicsom) is a 1981 Hungarian drama film directed by András Kovács.	Temporary Paradise	András Kovács
director	The Nightingale's Prayer (Arabic: دعاء الكروان‎, translit. Doaa al-Karawan listen ) is a classical 1959 Egyptian drama film directed by Henry Barakat and based on a novel by the prominent writer Taha Hussein.	The Nightingale's Prayer	Henry Barakat
director	Kakkathamburatti is a 1970 Indian Malayalam film, directed by P. Bhaskaran and produced by CJ Baby and PC Ittoop.	Kakkathamburatti	P. Bhaskaran
director	No Down Payment is a 1957 film drama directed by Martin Ritt.	No Down Payment	Martin Ritt
director	C'est pas tout à fait la vie dont j'avais rêvé is a 2005 French drama film directed by Michel Piccoli.	C'est pas tout à fait la vie dont j'avais rêvé	Michel Piccoli
director	I Pass for Human is a 2004 independent horror film written and directed by Chris Desjardin (often referred to as simply ``Chris D.'').	I Pass for Human	Chris D.
director	Robin Hood Makes Good is a 1938 Merrie Melodies color cartoon short, directed by Chuck Jones and written by Dave Monahan, and released by Warner Bros. on February 11, 1939.	Robin Hood Makes Good	Chuck Jones
director	The Love-Ins is a 1967 exploitation film about LSD that was directed by Arthur Dreifuss.	The Love-Ins	Arthur Dreifuss
director	Soldier's Fantasy (Italian:Fantasia 'e surdate) is a 1927 Italian silent film directed by Elvira Notari and starring Geppino Jovine, Eduardo Notari and Oreste Tesorone.	Soldier's Fantasy	Elvira Notari
director	5 Days of War (also known as 5 Days of August) is a 2011 action film by Finnish director Renny Harlin.	5 Days of War	Renny Harlin
director	Project Almanac (formerly titled Cinema One, Almanac, and Welcome to Yesterday) is a 2015 American found footage science fiction thriller film directed by Dean Israelite and written by Jason Harry Pagan and Andrew Deutschman.	Project Almanac	Dean Israelite
director	The Horror at 37,000 Feet is an American horror television movie made for CBS Television by David Lowell Rich.	The Horror at 37,000 Feet	David Lowell Rich
director	Santa Claws (also known as 'Tis the Season) is a 1996 horror film written and directed by John A. Russo.	Santa Claws	John A. Russo
director	In the Days of Daniel Boone is a 1923 Western film serial directed by William James Craft.	In the Days of Daniel Boone	William James Craft
director	Beneath Hill 60 is a 2010 Australian war film directed by Jeremy Sims (credited as Jeremy Hartley Sims) and written by David Roach.	Beneath Hill 60	Jeremy Sims
director	Som sendt fra himlen (English: As sent from Heaven) is a 1951 Danish comedy film directed by Johan Jacobsen.	Som sendt fra himlen	Johan Jacobsen
director	The Woman God Forgot is a 1917 American silent romance film directed by Cecil B. DeMille.	The Woman God Forgot	Cecil B. DeMille
director	How to Be is a 2008 independent comedy-drama film written and directed by Oliver Irving.	How to Be	Oliver Irving
director	Kobiety nad przepaścią is a 1938 Polish drama film directed by Emil Chaberski and Michał Waszyński.	Kobiety nad przepaścią	Michał Waszyński
director	Decadent Evil (known by the slightly reworked title of Decadent Evil Dead in the UK), is a 2005 vampire film, produced and directed by Charles Band under his Wizard Entertainment banner) that year on June 25.	Decadent Evil	Charles Band
director	Her Husband's Secretary is a 1937 American drama film directed by Frank McDonald and written by Lillie Hayward.	Her Husband's Secretary	Frank McDonald
director	Die Screaming, Marianne (also Die, Beautiful Marianne) is a 1971 British low-budget film by minor cult director Pete Walker.	Die Screaming, Marianne	Pete Walker
director	Zone 39 (The Zone) is a 1996 Australian science fiction psychological drama film by director John Tatoulis.	Zone 39	John Tatoulis
director	Italy in a Day - Un giorno da italiani is a 2014 Italian-British documentary film directed by Gabriele Salvatores.	Italy in a Day	Gabriele Salvatores
director	Beg, Borrow or Steal is a 1937 American comedy film directed by Wilhelm Thiele and written by Leonard Lee, Harry Ruskin and Marion Parsonnet.	Beg, Borrow or Steal	Wilhelm Thiele
director	The New Adventures of Little Toot is a 1992 animated feature film directed by Doug Parker.	The New Adventures of Little Toot	Doug Parker
director	Ustad Hotel is a 2012 Indian Malayalam-language drama film directed by Anwar Rasheed, written by Anjali Menon and produced by Listin Stephen under the banner of Magic Frames and was distributed by Central Pictures.	Ustad Hotel	Anwar Rasheed
director	Three Daring Daughters (UK title: The Birds and the Bees) is a 1948 musical film made by MGM, and directed by Fred M. Wilcox.	Three Daring Daughters	Fred M. Wilcox
director	Narito Ang Puso Ko (Here Is My Heart) is a Filipino drama series produced by GMA Network and directed by Enrico Quizon and actress, Gina Alajar.	Narito Ang Puso Ko	Gina Alajar
director	Guelwaar is a 1993 French/Senegalese drama film written and directed by Ousmane Sembène.	Guelwaar	Ousmane Sembène
director	The Lost Shoe (German: Der verlorene Schuh) is a 1923 German silent fantasy film directed by Ludwig Berger and starring Helga Thomas, Paul Hartmann and Frida Richard.	The Lost Shoe	Ludwig Berger
director	Quelle strane occasioni, internationally released as Strange Occasion, is a 1976 Italian anthology comedy film directed by Luigi Comencini, Nanni Loy and Luigi Magni.	Strange Occasion	Luigi Comencini	Nanni Loy	Luigi Magni
director	McLaren's Negatives is a 2006 short animated documentary directed by French Canadian filmmaker Marie-Josée Saint-Pierre.	McLaren's Negatives	Marie-Josée Saint-Pierre
director	Other Men's Women is a 1931 Pre-Code American drama film directed by William A. Wellman and written by Maude Fulton.	Other Men's Women	William A. Wellman
director	Blood Link (Italian: Extrasensorial, German: Blood Link - Blutspur, also known as The Link) is a 1982 Italian-American-German giallo-horror film written and directed by Alberto De Martino.	Blood Link	Alberto De Martino
director	The Singer of Naples (Spanish:El cantante de Napoles) is a 1935 American musical film directed by Howard Bretherton and Moreno Cuyar and starring Enrico Caruso Jr., Mona Maris and Carmen Río.	The Singer of Naples	Howard Bretherton
director	We Danced Around the World (German:Wir tanzen um die Welt) is a 1939 German musical film directed by Karl Anton and starring Charlotte Thiele, Irene von Meyendorff and Carola Höhn.	We Danced Around the World	Karl Anton
director	Time Indefinite is an autobiographical 1993 documentary film directed by Ross McElwee and exploring themes of grief, mortality, and the convenient disconnection of watching life through a camera lens.	Time Indefinite	Ross McElwee
director	Eleanor's Secret (original French title Kérity, la maison des contes) is a 2009 Franco-Italian animated feature film directed by Dominique Monféry.	Eleanor's Secret	Dominique Monféry
director	Alice Solves the Puzzle is a 1925 animated short film by Walt Disney in the Alice Comedies series, and the first to feature Pete.	Alice Solves the Puzzle	Walt Disney
director	The Thousand Miles is an upcoming live-action/hand-drawn animated comedy-drama film directed by Sylvain Chomet.	The Thousand Miles	Sylvain Chomet
director	Tune in Tomorrow is a 1990 film comedy directed by Jon Amiel.	Tune in Tomorrow	Jon Amiel
director	Familien Gyldenkål sprænger banken (English: The Goldcabbage Family Breaks the Bank) is a 1976 Danish comedy film directed by Gabriel Axel.	Familien Gyldenkål sprænger banken	Gabriel Axel
director	Vasantha Poornima (Kannada: ವಸಂತ ಪೂರ್ಣಿಮ) is a 1993 Indian Kannada film, directed by H. R. Bhargava and produced by S A Srinivas.	Vasantha Poornima	H. R. Bhargava
director	Porklips Now is a short, low budget parody film, made in 1980 by the American director Ernie Fosselius, based on the 1979 motion picture Apocalypse Now.	Porklips Now	Ernie Fosselius
director	En plongée was a 1926 French film directed by Jacques Robert.	En plongée	Jacques Robert
director	Prema Yuddham (English: Love War) is a 1990 Telugu romantic love film produced by P.Vijaya Kumari on Anupama Arts banner, directed by S. V. Rajendra Singh Babu.	Prema Yuddham	Rajendra Singh Babu
director	Forces occultes (Occult Forces - subtitled The mysteries of Freemasonry unveiled for the first time on the screen) is a French film of 1943, notable as the last film to be directed by Paul Riche (the pseudonym of Jean Mamy).	Forces occultes	Jean Mamy
director	Bintou (also known as A Close-Up on Bintou) is a 2001 Burkinabé short film directed by Fanta Régina Nacro.	Bintou	Fanta Régina Nacro
director	The Cape Canaveral Monsters is a 1960 science-fiction b-movie written and directed by Phil Tucker.	The Cape Canaveral Monsters	Phil Tucker
director	Ballad of the Little Soldier (German: Ballade vom kleinen Soldaten) is a 1984 documentary film directed by Werner Herzog about children soldiers in Nicaragua.	Ballad of the Little Soldier	Werner Herzog
director	To Jennifer is a found footage horror comedy film that was directed by James Cullen Bressack.	To Jennifer	James Cullen Bressack
director	Yeh Teraa Ghar Yeh Meraa Ghar (Hindi: ये तेरा घर ये मेरा घर; English: This is your house, this is my house) is a 2001 Indian film directed by Priyadarshan.	Yeh Teraa Ghar Yeh Meraa Ghar	Priyadarshan
director	Directed by Clement Virgo, the film was written by Virgo and Cameron Bailey as an adaptation of Virginia Hamilton's 1971 novel The Planet of Junior Brown.	The Planet of Junior Brown	Clement Virgo
director	Nefertiti, regina del Nilo (English Translation: Nefertiti, Queen of the Nile) is a 1961 Italian Sword-and-sandal historical drama written and directed by Fernando Cerchio and produced for MAX Film by Ottavio Poggi.	Nefertiti, Queen of the Nile	Fernando Cerchio
director	Shades of Ash (Sinhala: සුදු කලු සහ අලු, Sudu Kalu Saha Alu) is a 2005 film directed by Sudath Mahaadivulwewa.	Shades of Ash	Sudath Mahaadivulwewa
director	A Million to Juan is a 1994 romantic comedy film starring comedian Paul Rodriguez.	A Million to Juan	Paul Rodriguez
director	Position Among the Stars (Dutch: Stand van de Sterren) is a 2010 documentary directed by Leonard Retel Helmrich.	Position Among the Stars	Leonard Retel Helmrich
director	Erra Bus (English: Red Bus) is a 2014 Tollywood movie which is directed and produced by veteran actor and director Dasari Narayana Rao under his banner Tharaka Prabhu Films.	Erra Bus	Dasari Narayana Rao
director	Ilanjodigal (Tamil: இளஞ்ஜோடிகள்) is a 1982 Indian Tamil film, directed by Rama Narayanan, starring Karthik and Radha in lead roles.	Ilanjodigal	Rama Narayanan
director	The Headsman (aka Shadow of the Sword, Au. Henker) is a 2005 film directed by Simon Aeby.	The Headsman	Simon Aeby
director	Lovely Molly is a 2012 horror film directed by Eduardo Sánchez.	Lovely Molly	Eduardo Sánchez
director	We're Not Dressing is a 1934 screwball musical comedy directed by Norman Taurog.	We're Not Dressing	Norman Taurog
director	Chinnadana Nee Kosam (English: For you, My little one) is a Telugu romantic comedy film written and directed by A. Karunakaran.	Chinnadana Nee Kosam	A. Karunakaran
director	Dennis P. is also the name of a Dutch 2007 film about this event, directed by Pieter Kuijpers, and based on the book.	Dennis P.	Pieter Kuijpers
director	Soldiers of the Emperor (Hungarian:A Császár katonái) is a 1918 Hungarian silent film directed by Béla Balogh and starring Lya De Putti, Sándor Virányi and Aladár Ihász.	Soldiers of the Emperor	Béla Balogh
director	Guy X is a 2005 black comedy war film directed by Saul Metzstein, based on the novel No One Thinks Of Greenland by John Griesemer.	Guy X	Saul Metzstein
director	Parole Racket is a 1936 American crime film, directed by Charles C. Coleman.	Parole Racket	Charles C. Coleman
director	Yare Nee Abhimani (Kannada: ಯಾರೇ ನೀ ಅಭಿಮಾನಿ) is a 2000 Indian Kannada film, directed by D. Rajendra Babu and produced by Lakshman Pramod Kumar.	Yare Nee Abhimani	D. Rajendra Babu
director	Oorlog en vrede is a 1918 Dutch silent war film drama directed by Maurits Binger.	Oorlog en vrede	Maurits Binger
director	Waiter, Scarper! (Czech: Vrchní, prchni!) is a 1981 Czechoslovak comedy film directed by Ladislav Smoljak.	Waiter, Scarper!	Ladislav Smoljak
director	Vacas (English: Cows) is a 1992 Spanish film, written and directed by Julio Médem.	Vacas	Julio Médem
director	The Battles of Coronel and Falkland Islands is a 1927 British documentary film directed by Walter Summers.	The Battles of Coronel and Falkland Islands	Walter Summers
director	Echoes of a Summer is a 1976 Canadian/American film directed by Don Taylor, based on the Broadway play of the same name by Robert L. Joseph, who also adapted the screenplay.	Echoes of a Summer	Don Taylor
director	A Ferret Called Mickey is a 2003 Irish short film directed by Barry Dignam about a father who tries to get his young son involved in more ``manly'' pursuits (such as rabbit hunting) by getting him a ferret.	A Ferret Called Mickey	Barry Dignam
director	The Sweetest Thing is a 2002 American romantic comedy film directed by Roger Kumble and written by Nancy Pimental, who based the characters on herself and friend Kate Walsh.	The Sweetest Thing	Roger Kumble
director	Krasue Valentine (Thai: กระสือวาเลนไทน์, also Ghost of Valentine) is a 2006 Thai romance-horror film written and directed by Yuthlert Sippapak.	Krasue Valentine	Yuthlert Sippapak
director	The River Wanganui is a 1913 documentary shot in New Zealand in 1912 on the 1912--13 South Pacific film-making voyage of French director Gaston Méliès.	The River Wanganui	Gaston Méliès
director	The Golden West is an Australian film directed by George Young set in the Australian goldfields.	The Golden West	George Young
director	Dad Made Dirty Movies is a 2011 Bulgarian-German documentary film by Jordan Todorov following Stephen C. Apostolof's life and career.	Dad Made Dirty Movies	Jordan Todorov
director	Vattaram (2006) is a Tamil gangster film written, produced and directed by Saran.	Vattaram	Saran
director	Ma and Pa Kettle on Vacation is a 1953 American comedy film directed by Charles Lamont.	Ma and Pa Kettle on Vacation	Charles Lamont
director	Hot Tub Time Machine is a 2010 American science fiction adventure comedy film directed by Steve Pink.	Hot Tub Time Machine	Steve Pink
director	Twisted Desire is a 1996 American television drama/thriller film written by Carey Hayes & Chad Hayes and directed by Craig R. Baxley.	Twisted Desire	Craig R. Baxley
director	The Wild Geese is a British adventure film directed by Andrew V. McLaglen about a group of mercenaries in Africa.	The Wild Geese	Andrew V. McLaglen
director	Mutthu Ondu Mutthu (Kannada: ಮುತ್ತು ಒಂದು ಮುತ್ತು) is a 1979 Indian Kannada film, directed by R. N. Jayagopal and is based on the novel Hoobaana written by M. K. Indira.	Mutthu Ondu Mutthu	R. N. Jayagopal
director	Dir zuliebe is a 1944 German comedy film directed by Martin Frič.	Dir zuliebe	Martin Frič
director	Kal Ho Naa Ho (English: There May Or May Not Be A Tomorrow), abbreviated as KHNH, is a 2003 Indian romantic comedy-drama film, directed by debutante director Nikhil Advani.	Kal Ho Naa Ho	Nikhil Advani
director	Not Now, Comrade is a 1976 British comedy film directed by Ray Cooney.	Not Now, Comrade	Ray Cooney
director	The Price of Betrayal (Swedish: Judaspengar) is a 1915 Swedish silent drama film directed by Victor Sjöström.	The Price of Betrayal	Victor Sjöström
director	A Stroke of 1000 Millions (Italian: Un colpo da mille miliardi, Spanish: Un golpe de mil millones, French: Intrigue à Suez) is a 1966 Italian-Spanish-French Eurospy film directed by Paolo Heusch and starring Rik Van Nutter.	A Stroke of 1000 Millions	Paolo Heusch
director	Éruption volcanique à la Martinique, released in the United States as The Eruption of Mount Pelee and in Britain as The Terrible Eruption of Mount Pelée and Destruction of St. Pierre, Martinique, is a 1902 French short silent film directed by Georges Méliès.	The Eruption of Mount Pelee	Georges Méliès
director	Matjan Berbisik (Indonesian for Whispering Tiger; Perfected Spelling: Macan Berbisik, also known by the Dutch title De Fluisterende Tijger) is a 1940 film from the Dutch East Indies which was directed by Tan Tjoei Hock and produced by The Teng Chun.	Matjan Berbisik	Tan Tjoei Hock
director	Nor the Moon by Night is a 1958 British drama film directed by Ken Annakin and starring Michael Craig.	Nor the Moon by Night	Ken Annakin
director	Directed by Zhang Junzhao, One and Eight also features cinematography by the soon-to-be-acclaimed Zhang Yimou and stars Chen Daoming.	One and Eight	Zhang Junzhao
director	Paragraph 182 (German:§ 182 minderjährig) is a 1927 German silent drama film directd by Ernst Winar and starring Colette Brettel, Gerhard Ritterband and Eva Speyer.	Paragraph 182	Ernst Winar
director	The Unafraid is a 1915 American drama film directed by Cecil B. DeMille.	The Unafraid	Cecil B. DeMille
director	Syndromes and a Century (Thai: แสงศตวรรษ S̄æng ṣ̄atawǎat, literally Light of the Century) is a 2006 Thai drama film written and directed by Apichatpong Weerasethakul.	Syndromes and a Century	Apichatpong Weerasethakul
director	Do Premee is a 1980 Indian Bollywood film directed by Raj Khosla and produced by Kundan A. Thadani.	Do Premee	Raj Khosla
director	Let Me Dream Again is a 1900 British short silent drama film, directed by George Albert Smith, featuring a man dreaming about an attractive young woman and then waking up next to his wife.	Let Me Dream Again	George Albert Smith
director	My Sin is a 1931 American Pre-Code drama film directed by George Abbott, and written by Abbott, Owen Davis, Adelaide Heilbron and Frederick J. Jackson.	My Sin	George Abbott
director	My Mother's Teahouse (Chinese: Chun qiu cha shi) is a 1988 Taiwanese drama film directed by Chen Kunhou.	My Mother's Teahouse	Chen Kunhou
director	Nenjil Or Aalayam (English: A Temple in the Heart) is a 1962 Indian Tamil romantic-drama film, written and directed by C. V. Sridhar, who produced it under the banner of Chitralaya Pictures.	Nenjil Or Aalayam	C. V. Sridhar
director	Scandal Street is a 1938 American drama film directed by James P. Hogan and written by Bertram Millhauser and Eddie Welch.	Scandal Street	James P. Hogan
director	Tired Business Men is a 1927 American short silent comedy film directed by Robert A. McGowan.	Tired Business Men	Robert A. McGowan
director	The Lost Future is a 2010 South African-German post-apocalyptic film from Syfy, directed by Mikael Salomon and written by Jonas Bauer.	The Lost Future	Mikael Salomon
director	Devara Maga (Kannada: ದೇವರಮಗ) is a 2000 Kannada drama film directed by D. Rajendra Babu and written by Mysore Harish.	Devara Maga	D. Rajendra Babu
director	Aur Devdas is an upcoming Political thriller film directed by Sudhir Mishra, starring Rahul Bhat as ``Devdas'', Richa Chadda as ``Paro'', Aditi Rao Hydari Chandramukhi, Saurabh Shukla, Dalip Tahil, Anil George, Deepraj Rana, Saurabh Tyagi and Anurag Kashyap.	Aur Devdas	Sudhir Mishra
director	The Centrifuge Brain Project is a 2011 German short mockumentary fantasy film written and directed by Till Nowak.	The Centrifuge Brain Project	Till Nowak
director	As Dreams Are Made On is a 2004 short film, written and directed by Gabriel Reid.	As Dreams Are Made On	Gabriel Reid
director	The Other F Word is a 2011 American documentary film directed by independent filmmaker Andrea Blaugrund Nevins.	The Other F Word	Andrea Blaugrund Nevins
director	Everyman's Feast, also known as Jedermanns Fest, is a 2002 Austrian drama film written and directed by Fritz Lehner.	Everyman's Feast	Fritz Lehner
director	Deewangee (Hindi: दीवानगी, English: Madness) is a 2002 Indian psychological thriller film directed by Anees Bazmee.	Deewangee	Anees Bazmee
director	Novio, marido y amante (English: Boyfriend, husband and lover) is a 1948 Argentine comedy film, directed by Mario C. Lugones and based upon Louis Verneuil's novel Mademoiselle Ma Mere.	Novio, marido y amante	Mario C. Lugones
director	Koolhaas Houselife is a documentary film directed by Ila Bêka and Louise Lemoine.	Koolhaas Houselife	Ila Bêka
director	Do Boon Pani (meaning:Two Drops of Water) is a 1971 Bollywood drama film directed by Khwaja Ahmad Abbas.	Do Boon Pani	Khwaja Ahmad Abbas
director	Swamp Women (1956) was one of the first films directed by Roger Corman.	Swamp Women	Roger Corman
director	Enga Oor Raja (Tamil: எங்க ஊர் ராஜா) is a 1968 Indian Tamil film, directed and produced by P. Madhavan under Arun Prasath Movies banner.	Enga Oor Raja	P. Madhavan
director	I Passed for White is a 1960 film directed and adapted for the screen by Fred M. Wilcox from a novel of the same name by Reba Lee ``as told to'' Mary Hastings Bradley.	I Passed for White	Fred M. Wilcox
director	Dead Men are Dangerous is a 1939 British crime film directed by Harold French and starring Robert Newton, Betty Lynne, John Warwick, and Peter Gawthorne.	Dead Men are Dangerous	Harold French
director	Vita coi figli is a 1990 Italian television film directed by Dino Risi and broadcast by Canale 5.	Vita coi figli	Dino Risi
director	Bab's Burglar was a 1917 American silent romantic comedy film directed by J. Searle Dawley and distributed by Paramount Pictures.	Bab's Burglar	J. Searle Dawley
director	21 tapaa pilata avioliitto (English: 21 Ways to Ruin a Marriage) is a 2013 Finnish film written and directed by Johanna Vuoksenmaa.	21 tapaa pilata avioliitto	Johanna Vuoksenmaa
director	Tell It to Sweeney is a 1927 American comedy silent film directed by Gregory La Cava and written by Monte Brice, Kerry Clarke, George Marion Jr. and Percy Heath.	Tell It to Sweeney	Gregory La Cava
director	The Recourse to the Method (Spanish: El recurso del método) is a Mexican-Cuban drama film directed by Miguel Littín.	The Recourse to the Method	Miguel Littín
director	Sankhupushpam is a 1977 Indian Malayalam film, directed by Baby and produced by Raghu Kumar.	Sankhupushpam	Baby
director	Moonlight and Valentino is a 1995 dramedy film directed by David Anspaugh.	Moonlight and Valentino	David Anspaugh
director	Hellbreeder is a 2004 horror/mystery film directed by James Eaves and Johannes Roberts and starring Lyndie Uphill.	Hellbreeder	Johannes Roberts
director	Bab's Matinee Idol was a 1917 American silent romantic comedy film, based on the Mary Roberts Rinehart novels, produced by Famous Players-Lasky, and directed by J. Searle Dawley.	Bab's Matinee Idol	J. Searle Dawley
director	The Rumyantsev Case (Russian: Дело Румянцева, translit. Delo Rumyanceva) is a 1956 Soviet film directed by Iosif Kheifits.	The Rumyantsev Case	Iosif Kheifits
director	Girl Most Likely is a 2012 American comedy film directed by Shari Springer Berman and Robert Pulcini.	Girl Most Likely	Shari Springer Berman	Robert Pulcini
director	Lord Chumley is a 1914 short drama film directed by James Kirkwood.	Lord Chumley	James Kirkwood
director	Seven Servants is a 1996 German comedy-drama film written, designed, and directed by Daryush Shokof.	Seven Servants	Daryush Shokof
director	Toute la mémoire du monde is a documentary short film by Alain Resnais released in 1956.	Toute la mémoire du monde	Alain Resnais
director	Margaret's Museum is a critically acclaimed 1995 British-Canadian dark film drama, directed by Mort Ransen and based on Sheldon Currie's novel The Glace Bay Miners' Museum.	Margaret's Museum	Mort Ransen
director	Life-Size is a 2000 fantasy comedy television film directed by Mark Rosman and originally premiered on ABC.	Life-Size	Mark Rosman
director	The Guilty One is a 1924 American mystery silent film directed by Joseph Henabery and written by Anthony Coldeway.	The Guilty One	Joseph Henabery
director	Nila Kaalam (Tamil) (2001) is a straight-to-TV Tamil film directed by Gandhi Krishna.	Nila Kaalam	Gandhi Krishna
director	Yamaleela 2 is a 2014 Telugu fantasy drama film directed by S. V. Krishna Reddy.	Yamaleela 2	S. V. Krishna Reddy
director	The Enchanting Shadow (Chinese: 倩女幽魂, translit. Ching nu yu hun) is a 1960 Hong Kong drama film directed by Li Han-hsiang.	The Enchanting Shadow	Li Han-hsiang
director	Veera Kesari (Kannada: ವೀರ ಕೇಸರಿ) is a 1963 Indian Kannada film, directed by B. Vittalacharya and produced by Sundarlal Nahatha and Doondi.	Veera Kesari	B. Vittalacharya
director	Swapnakoodu (English: Dream House) is a 2003 Malayalam film co-written and directed by Kamal.	Swapnakoodu	Kamal
director	Queen of Earth is a 2015 American psychological thriller film directed and written by Alex Ross Perry.	Queen of Earth	Alex Ross Perry
director	American Zombie is a 2007 American mockumentary horror film directed by Grace Lee, written by Rebecca Sonnenshine and Lee, and starring Lee and John Solomon as documentary filmmakers who investigate a fictional subculture of real-life zombies living in Los Angeles.	American Zombie	Grace Lee
director	The Henpecked Duck is a Warner Bros. cartoon released in theatres in 1941, directed by Bob Clampett and featuring Daffy Duck and Porky Pig.	The Henpecked Duck	Bob Clampett
director	Lost and Found on a South Sea Island is a 1923 drama film directed by Raoul Walsh and produced by Samuel Goldwyn.	Lost and Found on a South Sea Island	Raoul Walsh
director	Vacations in Majorca (Italian: Brevi amori a Palma di Majorca) is a 1959 Italian comedy film directed by Giorgio Bianchi.	Vacations in Majorca	Giorgio Bianchi
director	Sins of Jezebel is a 1953 American historical drama film produced by Sigmund Neufeld and directed by Reginald Le Borg.	Sins of Jezebel	Reginald Le Borg
director	Accidental Waltz (Russian: Случайный вальс; Sluchaynyy val's) is a Russian film directed by Svetlana Proskurina.	Accidental Waltz	Svetlana Proskurina
director	Die Pyramide des Sonnengottes is a 1965 West German and Italian western film adventure directed by Robert Siodmak, based on a book by Karl May.	Die Pyramide des Sonnengottes	Robert Siodmak
director	A Chess Dispute is an 1903 British short black-and-white silent comedy film, directed by Robert W. Paul, featuring two gentlemen in a comedic fight following a disputed chess move.	A Chess Dispute	Robert W. Paul
director	The Pine Tree in the Mountain (U gori raste zelen bor) is a Croatian film directed by Antun Vrdoljak.	The Pine Tree in the Mountain	Antun Vrdoljak
director	I'll Carry You in My Arms (German:Ich werde dich auf Händen tragen) is a 1943 German romance film directed by Kurt Hoffmann and starring Heli Finkenzeller, Hans Nielsen and Wolfgang Lukschy.	I'll Carry You in My Arms	Kurt Hoffmann
director	I Loved a Soldier (also known as Invitation to Happiness) is an unfinished 1936 American romantic-comedy-drama film directed by Henry Hathaway and produced by Paramount Pictures.	I Loved a Soldier	Henry Hathaway
director	The Trial of Lee Harvey Oswald is a 1964 American film from Larry Buchanan.	The Trial of Lee Harvey Oswald	Larry Buchanan
director	The Art of Crying (Danish: Kunsten at Græde i Kor) is a 2006 Danish tragicomedy directed by Peter Schønau Fog.	The Art of Crying	Peter Schønau Fog
director	Sri Vasavi Kanyaka Parameswari Charitra is a 2014 Telugu, mythological film directed by Sripada Ramachandra Rao.	Sri Vasavi Kanyaka Parameswari Charitra	Sripada Ramachandra Rao
director	The Summer of Massacre is 2011 anthology horror film written and directed by Joe Castro.	The Summer of Massacre	Joe Castro
director	The Werewolf of Woodstock is a 1975 film produced for television by Dick Clark's production company and directed by John Moffitt.	The Werewolf of Woodstock	John Moffitt
director	Superman II is a 1980 British-American superhero film directed by Richard Lester.	Superman II	Richard Lester
director	Kill the Rapist? is an upcoming Bollywood drama-thriller film directed by Sanjay Chhel and produced by iRock Media Pvt. Ltd with financial contributions by female private equity investors.	Kill the Rapist?	Sanjay Chhel
director	Hamari Bahu Alka (Our Daughter-in-Law Alka) is a Hindi movie released in 1982, directed by Basu Chatterjee, based on Bengali story Eto Tuku Basha by Manoj Basu.	Hamari Bahu Alka	Basu Chatterjee
director	Afghantsi is a 1988 documentary film directed by Peter Kosminsky for Yorkshire Television.	Afghantsi	Peter Kosminsky
director	Mrs. Black Is Back is a 1914 American comedy silent film directed by Thomas N. Heffron and written by George V. Hobart and Eve Unsell.	Mrs. Black Is Back	Thomas N. Heffron
director	The Scene of the Crash (Croatian: Putovanje na mjesto nesreće) is a 1971 Yugoslav drama film directed by Zvonimir Berković.	The Scene of the Crash	Zvonimir Berković
director	Give Us This Day is a 1949 British film, directed by Edward Dmytryk.	Give Us This Day	Edward Dmytryk
director	Blazing the Overland Trail (1956) is a Columbia Pictures serial directed by veteran serial specialist Spencer Gordon Bennet and produced by another serial specialist, Sam Katzman.	Blazing the Overland Trail	Spencer Gordon Bennet
director	Pacific Liner is a 1939 American action/adventure film directed by Lew Landers.	Pacific Liner	Lew Landers
director	Sarah Maldoror ou la nostalgie de l'utopie is a Togolese short documentary film directed by Anne-Laure Folly.	Sarah Maldoror ou la nostalgie de l'utopie	Anne-Laure Folly
director	Nothing More Than a Woman (Spanish:Nada más que una mujer) is a 1934 American drama film directed by Harry Lachman and starring Berta Singerman, Alfredo del Diestro and Juan Torena.	Nothing More Than a Woman	Harry Lachman
director	Where the Penguins Fly (Gdje pingvini lete) is a Croatian comedy-drama film directed by Josip Vujčić.	Where the Penguins Fly	Josip Vujčić
director	Poor White Trash is a crime-comedy film directed by Michael Addis.	Poor White Trash	Michael Addis
director	The Fighting Chefs is a Philippine film directed and starring by Ronnie Ricketts.	The Fighting Chefs	Ronnie Ricketts
director	The Laughing Saskia (Hungarian: A Nevetö Szaszkia) is a 1916 Hungarian silent drama film directed by Alexander Korda and starring Sari Körmendy, Dezső Kertész and László Békeffi.	The Laughing Saskia	Alexander Korda
director	Blondie Takes a Vacation is a 1939 black-and-white comedy film, directed by Frank R. Strayer.	Blondie Takes a Vacation	Frank R. Strayer
director	Walking with the Enemy is an American action drama film directed by Mark Schmidt, and scripted by Kenny Golde and Mark Schmidt.	Walking with the Enemy	Mark Schmidt
director	Super Citizen Ko (Chinese: 超級大國民, Chao ji da guo min) is a 1995 Taiwanese drama film directed by Wan Jen.	Super Citizen Ko	Wan Jen
director	Under the Hula Moon is an action comedy film from 1995 directed by Jeff Celentano.	Under the Hula Moon	Jeff Celentano
director	The Shortcut is a 2009 horror-thriller film directed by Nicholaus Goossen.	The Shortcut	Nicholaus Goossen
director	H8RZ (pronounced as Haters) is an American mystery drama-thriller film, directed by Derrick Borte, and co-written by Borte and Daniel Forte.	H8RZ	Derrick Borte
director	Two Gun Sheriff is a 1941 American Western film directed by George Sherman and written by Doris Schroeder.	Two Gun Sheriff	George Sherman
director	Directed by Menahem Golan, Deadly Heroes is notable for being one of the last films released under Golan's 21st Century Film Corporation banner.	Deadly Heroes	Menahem Golan
director	The Adventures of God (Spanish: Las Aventuras de Dios) is a 2000 Argentine fantasy drama film directed and written by Eliseo Subiela.	The Adventures of God	Eliseo Subiela
director	Idhu Namma Bhoomi (English: This is our earth) is a 1992 Tamil drama film directed by P. Vasu.	Idhu Namma Bhoomi	P. Vasu
director	The Clown Barber is an 1898 British short black-and-white silent film directed and produced by the Scottish film pioneer James Williamson.	The Clown Barber	James Williamson
director	I Am Divine is a 2013 American documentary film produced and directed by Jeffrey Schwarz of the Los Angeles-based production company Automat Pictures.	I Am Divine	Jeffrey Schwarz
director	Training Rules is a 63-minute award-winning 2009 American documentary film co-produced and co-directed by Dee Mosbacher and Fawn Yacker.	Training Rules	Dee Mosbacher	Fawn Yacker
director	BearCity is a 2010 American gay-themed (in particular, the gay bear community) comedy-drama film directed by Doug Langway, and written by Langway and Lawrence Ferber.	BearCity	Doug Langway
director	Directed by Igor Maslennikov it is the first of a 5-part TV film series (divided into 11-episodes) The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes and Dr. Watson.	Sherlock Holmes and Dr. Watson	Igor Maslennikov
director	Mammame is a 1986 French dance film directed by Raúl Ruiz.	Mammame	Raúl Ruiz
director	Richard's Wedding is a 2012 comedy/drama film written, edited, and directed by Onur Tukel.	Richard's Wedding	Onur Tukel
director	Sand Wars is an epic eco-thriller by director Denis Delestrac and produced by Rappi Productions, La Compagnie des Taxi-Brousse, InfomAction, Arte France, with the support of The Santa Aguila Foundation.	Sand Wars	Denis Delestrac
director	El misterio de Huracán Ramírez (The Mystery of Hurricane Ramirez) is a 1962 black-and-white Mexican Lucha film directed and co-written by Joselito Rodríguez.	El misterio de Huracán Ramírez	Joselito Rodríguez
director	The House of Silence is a lost 1918 American silent drama film directed by Donald Crisp and written by Elwyn Alfred Barron and Margaret Turnbull.	The House of Silence	Donald Crisp
director	The Devil's Man (Italian: Devilman Story) is a 1967 Italian science fiction-spy film directed by Paolo Bianchini (here credited as ``Paul Maxwell'').	The Devil's Man	Paolo Bianchini
director	Mithya is a 2008 Indian film co-written and directed by Rajat Kapoor and produced by Planman Motion Pictures.	Mithya	Rajat Kapoor
director	Pancharathnam is a 1979 Malayalam-language Indian feature film directed by Crossbelt Mani, starring MN Nambiar, Vincent, Shubha and Poojappura Ravi in lead roles.	Pancharathnam	Crossbelt Mani
director	Katariina ja Munkkiniemen kreivi (Katariina and the Count of Munkkiniemi) is a 1943 Finnish film directed by Ossi Elstelä.	Katariina ja Munkkiniemen kreivi	Ossi Elstelä
director	Masahista (English Title: The Masseur) is a 2005 Filipino film written and directed by Brillante Mendoza.	Masahista	Brillante Mendoza
director	Richard's Things is a 1980 British drama film directed by Anthony Harvey and starring Liv Ullmann, Amanda Redman and Peter Burton.	Richard's Things	Anthony Harvey
director	Mrs Peppercorn's Magical Reading Room is a 24-minute Fantasy/Magical short film directed by Mike Le Han.	Mrs Peppercorn's Magical Reading Room	Mike Le Han
director	A Bahraini Tale is a 2006 Bahraini Arabic-language drama film directed by Bassam Al-Thawadi, screenplay by Fareed Ramadan and starring Saad Abdulla, Fatima Abdulrahim and Abdulla Al Sa'adawi.	A Bahraini Tale	Bassam Al-Thawadi
director	Seven Billiard Tables (original Spanish title: Siete mesas de billar francés) is a 2007 Spanish film by Gracia Querejeta.	Seven Billiard Tables	Gracia Querejeta
director	The Killing of Sister George is a 1964 play by Frank Marcus that was adapted as a 1968 film directed by Robert Aldrich.	The Killing of Sister George	Robert Aldrich
director	Devi Putrudu is a 2001 Telugu film produced by M.S. Raju on Sumanth Art Productions banner, directed by Kodi Ramakrishna.	Devi Putrudu	Kodi Ramakrishna
director	Written by Thunderbirds creators Gerry and Sylvia Anderson, directed by David Lane and produced by AP Films, Thunderbirds Are Go develops the franchise with a plot focusing on the futuristic spacecraft Zero-X and its manned mission to Mars.	Thunderbirds Are Go	David Lane
director	Pavithram (Malayalam: പവിത്രം) is a 1994 Indian Malayalam drama film directed by T. K. Rajeev Kumar.	Pavithram	T. K. Rajeev Kumar
director	He Rides Tall is a 1964 American Western film directed by R. G. Springsteen and written by Charles Irwin and Robert Creighton Williams.	He Rides Tall	R. G. Springsteen
director	Promised Heaven (Russian: Небеса обетованные, translit. Nebesa obetovannye) is a 1991 Soviet film directed by Eldar Ryazanov.	Promised Heaven	Eldar Ryazanov
director	Springsteen & I is a 2013 documentary-biographical film directed by Baillie Walsh documenting the life and career of Bruce Springsteen through the eyes and insights of his fans throughout the world.	Springsteen & I	Baillie Walsh
director	Throw Away Your Books, Rally in the Streets (書を捨てよ町へ出よう Sho o Suteyo Machi e Deyō) is a 1971 Japanese feature-length experimental drama film directed by Shūji Terayama.	Throw Away Your Books, Rally in the Streets	Shūji Terayama
educated at	A lifelong Californian, Richard Winger graduated from the University of California, Berkeley as a Political Science major in 1966, and attended Graduate School in Political Science at UCLA.	Richard Winger	University of California, Berkeley
educated at	Miriam Zach completed her undergraduate education at Northwestern University before moving on to graduate studies at the University of Chicago.	Miriam Zach	Northwestern University	University of Chicago
educated at	Henry Aurand attended the United States Military Academy and was a member of the class of 1915, ``the class the stars fell on''.	Henry Aurand	United States Military Academy
educated at	Ralph Snyderman is Chancellor Emeritus at Duke University and James B. Duke Professor of Medicine.	Ralph Snyderman	Duke University
educated at	Anna Robertson Brown Lindsay (1864--1948) was the first woman to earn a doctorate at the University of Pennsylvania.	Anna Robertson Brown Lindsay	University of Pennsylvania
educated at	Stefan Sarnowski graduated from University of Warsaw, and in 1964 obtained his magister degree for the work Marksizm i darwinizm w etyce Kautskiego (Marxism and Darwinism in Kautski's ethics), with Marek Fritzhand being the supervisor.	Stefan Sarnowski	University of Warsaw
educated at	Aleksandr Chudakov was born on 16 June 1921, and graduated from Moscow State University (MSU) in 1948 .	Aleksandr Chudakov	Moscow State University
educated at	Ron C. Mittelhammer (born c. 1950) is an American economist at Washington State University.	Ron C. Mittelhammer	Washington State University
educated at	Although he received a degree on the Faculty of Architecture of the University of Zagreb, Alfi Kabiljo has never made use of it.	Alfi Kabiljo	University of Zagreb
educated at	James Fulkerson received his musical training at Illinois Wesleyan University, where he earned his BMus in 1967, and the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, where he earned his MMus in 1968.	James Fulkerson	University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign
educated at	Nelly Sindayen was born in Siasi, Sulu to a Christian father and a Muslim mother She earned a journalism degree at the University of Santo Tomas and worked for the Manila Bulletin and various news agencies before joining Time magazine in the mid-1970s.	Nelly Sindayen	University of Santo Tomas
educated at	Graduating from the University of Michigan in 1902, John A. Bryant worked as a construction engineer for three years before becoming a co-founder of Bryant & Detwiler, later serving as the firm's treasurer.	John A. Bryant	University of Michigan
educated at	Gerald Kelly was born in London, educated at Eton College and Trinity Hall, Cambridge, and later lived and studied art in Paris.	Gerald Kelly	Eton College	Trinity Hall
educated at	Gene Leedy attended the University of Florida where he studied architecture.	Gene Leedy	University of Florida
educated at	Barnas Sears (November 19, 1802 -- July 6, 1880) graduated from Brown University in 1825.	Barnas Sears	Brown University
educated at	Educated at Dulwich College and Trinity College, Cambridge, Cyril Wells represented Cambridge University, Surrey and Middlesex (1895--1909) in first-class cricket and was a top class rugby player.	Cyril Wells	Trinity College
educated at	Born and raised in New York City, Amol Sarva attended Stuyvesant High School where he was a national, state, and city champion debater and captain of the Stuyvesant team.	Amol Sarva	Stuyvesant High School
educated at	Ilya Klyachko (Russian Илья Романович Клячко, Ilijia Romanovič Kljačko) (1905--1998) was a pianist and piano teacher, professor of Moscow Conservatory.	Ilya Klyachko	Moscow Conservatory
educated at	Susan Abod has a degree in music composition from DePaul University, and also studied at the Old Town School of Folk Music in Chicago.	Susan Abod	DePaul University
educated at	Former pupil at the Purcell School, Joo Yeon Sir is a Scholar at the Royal College of Music, London where she studies with Dr. Felix Andrievsky.	Joo Yeon Sir	Royal College of Music
educated at	Shalom Carmy (born May 1, 1949) is an Orthodox rabbi teaching Jewish Studies and philosophy at Yeshiva University, where he is Chair of Bible and Jewish Philosophy at Yeshiva College.	Shalom Carmy	Yeshiva University
educated at	In 2006, he donated over $1 million to Stuyvesant High School, his high school alma mater for the establishment of the Dr. Robert Ira Lewy Multimedia Center, to serve as the high school's central academic research facility.	Robert Ira Lewy	Stuyvesant High School
educated at	JSB is also the namesake of John Seely Brown Symposium on Technology and Society, held at the University of Michigan School of Information.	John Seely Brown	University of Michigan
educated at	It was the wish of his parents that Joseph Martin Kraus should matriculate as a student of law at the University of Mainz in 1773.	Joseph Martin Kraus	University of Mainz
educated at	From 1984 to 1989, José Antonio Urquizo studied cooperativism and university teaching at the Universidad Nacional Federico Villarreal (UNFV) in Lima, which he concluded with a Master's degree.	José Antonio Urquizo	Universidad Nacional Federico Villarreal
educated at	Dunlop McCosh Cunningham, born 1901, father Samuel Cunningham Senator in the First Stormont Senate, mother Janet Knox, was educated at Fettes College, Edinburgh, where he excelled at rugby and became captain of rugby.	Dunlop McCosh Cunningham	Fettes College
educated at	Susan Dimock M.D. (April 24, 1847 -- May 7, 1875) was a pioneer in American Medicine who received her qualification as a doctor from the University of Zurich in 1871 and was subsequently appointed resident physician of the New England Hospital for Women and Children in 1872.	Susan Dimock	University of Zurich
educated at	Andrew Norriss was born in 1947, was educated at St John's School, Leatherhead followed by University at Trinity College Dublin 1966-70.	Andrew Norriss	Trinity College
educated at	Alice Carter Cook (1868-1943), born Alice Carter, was an American botanist, who received the first PhD in botany granted to a woman by an American university, from Syracuse University in 1888.	Alice Carter Cook	Syracuse University
educated at	Charlotte Brewer (born 1956) is professor of English language and literature at Hertford College, Oxford.	Charlotte Brewer	Hertford College
educated at	The younger William Curphey was educated at Glasgow Academy, at University College School, Hampstead, and at King's College London.	William Curphey	King's College London
educated at	Carla Taylor (born April 29, 1961) was the head women's basketball coach at Weber State University.	Carla Taylor	Weber State University
educated at	Nestor Makhno was born into a poor peasant family in Huliaipole, Yekaterinoslav Governorate of the Russian Empire (now Zaporizhia Oblast, Ukraine).	Nestor Makhno	Huliaipole
educated at	George Ronan attended the United States Military Academy for almost three years, from June 1808 to March 1811.	George Ronan	United States Military Academy
educated at	The son of wealthy textile manufacturer and politician Sir Robert Peel, 1st Baronet, he was educated at Bury Grammar School and Harrow School and earned a double first in classics and mathematics from Christ Church, Oxford.	Robert Peel	Harrow School	Christ Church
educated at	Bockarie Stevens is a 1975 gruaduate from Fourah Bay College, University of Sierra Leone with a B.A. in History and Politics.	Bockarie Stevens	Fourah Bay College
educated at	Fred Rosner is Assistant Dean and professor of medicine at Albert Einstein College of Medicine, Professor of Medicine at Mount Sinai School of Medicine, and Director of the Department of Medicine at Queens Hospital Center.	Fred Rosner	Albert Einstein College of Medicine
educated at	John Etchemendy received his bachelor's and master's degrees at the University of Nevada, Reno before earning his PhD in philosophy at Stanford in 1982.	John Etchemendy	University of Nevada
educated at	Reynolds Price (February 1, 1933 -- January 20, 2011), born Edward Reynolds Price, was an American poet, novelist, dramatist, essayist and James B. Duke Professor of English at Duke University.	Reynolds Price	Duke University
educated at	Francesco Bertelli (1794-1844) was an Italian astronomer at the observatory of Bologna and professor of astronomy at the University of Bologna.	Francesco Bertelli	University of Bologna
educated at	Coming from a clerical family, Tor Andræ studied Theology at Uppsala University, where he completed his Ph.D. in 1917.	Tor Andræ	Uppsala University
educated at	Lai Yee Hing graduated with a B.Sc from the former Nanyang University (now National University of Singapore) in 1976 and received his PhD from the University of Victoria in 1980.	Lai Yee Hing	Nanyang University
educated at	Barbara Kremen received a B.A. from Bryn Mawr College and an M.A. from Harvard University in English.	Barbara Kremen	Bryn Mawr College
educated at	In 1935, Huang Jing, then attending Peking University, co-led the December 9th Movement with Yao Yilin and Huang Hua, demanding the Chinese government to actively resist Japanese aggression in the aftermath of the Mukden Incident.	Huang Jing	Peking University
educated at	The Leventis family moved to Piraeus where Vassilis Leventis graduated from high school and in 1969 he was admitted as the 6th highest ranking candidate, to the Civil Engineering department of the National Technical University of Athens.	Vassilis Leventis	National Technical University of Athens
educated at	Udo Zander (born March 30, 1959) is a Swedish organizational theorist, and Professor in Business Administration at the Stockholm School of Economics until 2012.	Udo Zander	Stockholm School of Economics
educated at	Jeanette Brooks Priebe was born in Bolivar, Tennessee and attended Union University in Jackson, Tennessee before enrolling in Northwestern University in Evanston, Illinois.	Jeanette Brooks Priebe	Northwestern University
educated at	Beverly Burnsed Spencer was Vice President of University Relations (1992--2003) at Florida State University in Tallahassee, Florida.	Beverly Burnsed Spencer	Florida State University
educated at	Morton D. May lived a life of privilege, attending St. Louis's Country Day school, and then Dartmouth College.	Morton D. May	Dartmouth College
educated at	Mohammad Usman Rana (born 3 June 1985) is a Norwegian Pakistani commentator, columnist and medical doctor, having earned his degree at the University of Oslo.	Mohammad Usman Rana	University of Oslo
educated at	Richard Laub has a bachelor's degree from Queens College, City University of New York, a Masters of Science in paleontology and paleoecology from Cornell University, and a PhD.	Richard Laub	Cornell University
educated at	John Kenneth Macalister (July 19, 1914 in Guelph, Ontario, Canada -- September 14, 1944 in Buchenwald) was a Canadian hero of World War II. Ken Macalister graduated the Guelph Collegiate Vocational Institute (GCVI) and from the University of Toronto, then as a Rhodes Scholar studied at Oxford University.	John Kenneth Macalister	University of Toronto
educated at	The son of John Joseph Abercrombie, Sr. and Sarah DeNormandie, their family was living in Nashville, Tennessee when the younger John entered the United States Military Academy in 1818.	John Joseph Abercrombie	United States Military Academy
educated at	In 1893 Francis William Aston began his university studies at Mason College (which later became Mason University College and then the University of Birmingham) where he was taught physics by John Henry Poynting and chemistry by Frankland and Tilden.	Francis William Aston	University of Birmingham
educated at	After graduating very young from the prestigious École Nationale des Chartes, Frantz Funck-Brentano was in 1885 named curator of the Bibliothèque de l'Arsenal, of which he never became director.	Frantz Funck-Brentano	École Nationale des Chartes
educated at	Minus Polak studied Dutch law at the University of Amsterdam until 1953.	Minus Polak	University of Amsterdam
educated at	Arthur S. Douglas (born in Phenix, Rhode Island, United States on July 11, 1860), was an American landscape painter and printmaker and one of the earliest students at Rhode Island School of Design.	Arthur S. Douglas	Rhode Island School of Design
educated at	Conor Gearty was born in Ireland and graduated in law from University College Dublin before moving to Wolfson College, Cambridge in 1980 to study for a Master's Degree and then for a PhD.	Conor Gearty	University College Dublin	Wolfson College
educated at	Theodore Schaffer began selling papers when he was eight years old, and left school at the age of twelve, but afterwards, when nineteen years old, resumed his studies, and later attended the Western University, now University of Pittsburgh.	Theodore Schaffer	University of Pittsburgh
educated at	Born in Fuzhou, Fujian, Zheng Xiaoyu received his bachelor's degree in biology from Fudan University in 1968.	Zheng Xiaoyu	Fudan University
educated at	Professor Sidney William Wooldridge CBE, FRS, FGS (1900--1963), geologist, geomorphologist and geographer, was a pioneer in the study of the geomorphology of south-east England and the first professor of geography at King's College London.	Sidney William Wooldridge	King's College London
educated at	``While doing graduate work at Columbia University, Thelma Schoonmaker answered an ad that offered on-the-job training as an assistant film editor.''	Thelma Schoonmaker	Columbia University
educated at	Eugene Kinckle Jones (July 30, 1885 -- January 11, 1954) was one the seven founders (commonly referred to as Jewels) of Alpha Phi Alpha fraternity at Cornell University in 1906.	Eugene Kinckle Jones	Cornell University
educated at	At the age of seventeen Egeon Askew became a student of the University of Oxford; he was B.A. April 1597, chaplain of Queen's College 1598, and M.A. June 1600.	Egeon Askew	University of Oxford
educated at	Born in Ontario, Harry Howith received a Bachelor of Arts and a Bachelor of Journalism from Carleton University in Ottawa.	Harry Howith	Carleton University
educated at	Douglas Metcalf was born in Southwick, Massachusetts and studied with Michael Sussman and Allan Meyer, graduating with honors from the University of Massachusetts Amherst, in both Music Education and Clarinet Performance.	Douglas Metcalf	University of Massachusetts Amherst
educated at	Taras Kuzio received a BA in Economics from the University of Sussex, an MA in Soviet Studies from the University of London and holds a doctorate in political science from the University of Birmingham; he was a postdoctoral fellow at Yale University.	Taras Kuzio	University of Sussex	University of London	University of Birmingham
educated at	Born in Valleyfield, Line Beauchamp earned a BAC in psychology from Université de Montréal in 1985.	Line Beauchamp	Université de Montréal
educated at	Joseph Bell, JP, DL, FRCSE (2 December 1837 -- 4 October 1911) was a Scottish lecturer at the medical school of the University of Edinburgh in the 19th century.	Joseph Bell	University of Edinburgh
educated at	Adrian Monck graduated from Exeter College, Oxford in 1988 with an honours degree in Modern History.	Adrian Monck	Exeter College
educated at	Born on 23 November 1864, the son of Professor Reginald Stuart Poole, Reginald Ward Poole was educated at Bedford School and at the University of London.	Reginald Ward Poole	University of London
educated at	Ranken was born in Brislington, near Bristol, on 5 January 1828, son of Rev. Charles Ranken Sr. He learned chess at age 12, but first made a serious study of the game while attending Wadham College, Oxford University in 1847--50.	Charles Ranken	Wadham College
educated at	Andrew Robert MacFarlane Nielsen (born October 6, 1982) is an American rapper, producer, writer, cartoonist and Stanford University alumnus, known by his stage name MC Lars.	MC Lars	Stanford University
educated at	Edgar Horne was educated at Westminster School, before entering his father's firm of auctioneers and surveyors, Messrs Horne and Company, which was based in the City of London.	Edgar Horne	Westminster School
educated at	David H. Steinberg grew up in West Hartford, Connecticut where he attended William H. Hall High School, entered Yale at age 16, and earned his law degree from Duke University, where he served as editor-in-chief of the law review.	David H. Steinberg	Duke University
educated at	Semra Ülkü received her degrees in chemical engineering from Ankara's Middle East Technical University (B.Sc., 1969, M.Sc., 1971 and Ph.D., 1975).	Semra Ülkü	Middle East Technical University
educated at	In 1917, Nabakrushna Choudhuri took admission in the Ravenshaw College, Cuttack.	Nabakrushna Choudhuri	Ravenshaw College
educated at	In 1968, Abigail Child graduated from Radcliffe College in Harvard University with a degree in history and literature.	Abigail Child	Radcliffe College	Harvard University
educated at	Michael P. Thompson is Associate Dean of the Marriott School of Management at Brigham Young University (BYU).	Michael P. Thompson	Brigham Young University
educated at	Edward Willett Wagner (1924-December 7, 2001) was a professor of Korean studies at Harvard University.	Edward Willett Wagner	Harvard University
educated at	Eva Silverstein, quoted at String People A.B., Physics, Harvard University, 1992 Ph.D., Physics, Princeton University, 1996	Eva Silverstein	Harvard University	Princeton University
educated at	Bipasha Hayat is a graduate from the Institute of Fine Arts of University of Dhaka.	Bipasha Hayat	University of Dhaka
educated at	A winner of the Avery Fisher Career Grant, Ignat Solzhenitsyn serves on the piano faculty of the Curtis Institute of Music.	Ignat Solzhenitsyn	Curtis Institute of Music
educated at	An Exhibition of the Bequest of Thérèse Bonney, Class of 1916, University of California,'' Berkeley Art Museum, June--	Thérèse Bonney	University of California,'' Berkeley
educated at	David Clement-Davies was born in 1964 and went to Westminster School and Edinburgh University where he read History and English Literature, specialising in the Italian Renaissance, and Russian Literature and Society.	David Clement-Davies	Westminster School
educated at	Born on 26 August 1891 in Chertsey, Surrey, Henry Grierson was educated at Bedford School and at Pembroke College, Cambridge.	Henry Grierson	Pembroke College
educated at	Born the son of a Greek father, Michael George Zambellas and Rosemary Frederique Zambellas (née Lindsay), Zambellas was educated at Shabani Primary School in Southern Rhodesia (now Zimbabwe), and at Stowe School.	George Zambellas	Shabani Primary School	Stowe School
educated at	Sigurd Wandel (22 February 1875 -- 3 June 1947) was a Danish painter who became director of the Royal Danish Academy of Fine Arts.	Sigurd Wandel	Royal Danish Academy of Fine Arts
educated at	Margaret Barker (born 1944), a Methodist preacher, studied theology at the University of Cambridge, after which she has devoted her life to research in ancient Christianity.	Margaret Barker	University of Cambridge
educated at	Israel Hernandez graduated from the University of Texas at Austin with a double major in Philosophy and Political Science in 1992; he worked as an intern for Governor Bill Clements during this time.	Israel Hernandez	University of Texas at Austin
educated at	Steven Collins is Adjunct Associate Professor of Computer Graphics in the Department of Computer Science in Trinity College, Dublin and co-manager of the GV2 Research Group.	Steven Collins	Trinity College
educated at	After gaining a music scholarship at St Paul's School (1974--1981), William Goodchild obtained a Bachelor's degree with Honors in music at the University of East Anglia (1982--1985).	William Goodchild	University of East Anglia
educated at	Arthur D. Bond (1902-1983) was a Rhodes Scholar, captain of the University of Missouri Tigers football team and Director of the A.P. Green Refractories Company.	Arthur D. Bond	University of Missouri
educated at	Benjamin Wiker obtained his PhD in ethics from Vanderbilt University then went on to teach at a variety of institutions including Marquette University, Saint Mary's University of Minnesota, Thomas Aquinas College, and the Franciscan University of Steubenville.	Benjamin Wiker	Vanderbilt University
educated at	Dean Dingman (born September 27, 1968) is a former All-American offensive guard who played for the University of Michigan Wolverines football team from 1987-1990.	Dean Dingman	University of Michigan
educated at	Douglas Bernheim studied from 1975 to 1979 at Harvard University, where he received his Bachelor of Arts (AB), summa cum laude.	Douglas Bernheim	Harvard University
educated at	Toddla T was raised in Sheffield where he attended King Edward VII School.	Toddla T	King Edward VII School
educated at	Jonny Woo, born Jonathan Wooster, trained at the University of Birmingham in Drama and Theatre Arts and at London Contemporary Dance School.	Jonny Woo	University of Birmingham
educated at	John Bayly (died 1633), was the second son of Bishop Lewis Bayly, and at the age of sixteen went to Exeter College, Oxford, of which society he was elected fellow in 1612.	John Bayly	Exeter College
educated at	Innocente Cantinotti worked in his native city of Milan as an apprentice in the stained glass workshop of Pompeo Bertini, and enrolled at the Brera Academy, attending courses taught by Raffaele Casnédi, Giuseppe Bertini and Giuseppe Mentessi.	Innocente Cantinotti	Brera Academy
educated at	Vern Gardner was a 6'5 forward/center who played at Star Valley High School in Afton, Wyoming and played collegiately at the University of Utah, where he was a second team consensus All-American in 1947 and 1949.	Vern Gardner	Star Valley High School
educated at	Ricky Berry attended Live Oak High School of Morgan Hill, California when his father became head men's basketball coach at San Jose State in 1979.	Ricky Berry	Live Oak High School
educated at	Sidney Marcus attended Atlanta public schools and graduated from the University of Georgia in 1948, as a member of Zeta Beta Tau fraternity.	Sidney Marcus	University of Georgia
educated at	Nigel Tranter was born in Glasgow and educated at George Heriot's School in Edinburgh.	Nigel Tranter	George Heriot's School
educated at	Michael Olbrich (September 29, 1881 - October 10, 1929) was a Madison, Wisconsin, lawyer, politician, and conservationist, who founded Olbrich Botanical Gardens and the University of Wisconsin-Madison Arboretum.	Michael Olbrich	University of Wisconsin-Madison
educated at	Beverley Skeggs was born in Middlesbrough and studied at University of York (BA), Keele University (PGCE, PhD).	Beverley Skeggs	University of York	Keele University
educated at	He was the son of Judith Madan the poet, and Colonel Martin Madan, and was educated at Westminster School, and at Christ Church, Oxford, where he graduated in 1746.	Martin Madan	Westminster School	Christ Church
educated at	Kamil Ocak graduated from commercial department of Robert College in 1935.	Kamil Ocak	Robert College
educated at	Astra Zarina (August 25, 1929 -- August 31, 2008) was an architect and professor in the University of Washington Department of Architecture.	Astra Zarina	University of Washington
educated at	Jamie Fellner obtained a Bachelor's degree from Smith College and went on to obtain her Juris Doctor from Boalt Hall at the University of California-Berkeley.	Jamie Fellner	Smith College	University of California-Berkeley
educated at	Sture Allén (born 31 December 1928 in Gothenburg) is a Swedish retired professor of computational linguistics at the University of Gothenburg, who was the permanent secretary of the Swedish Academy between 1986 and 1999.	Sture Allén	University of Gothenburg
educated at	Jay Jordan earned a bachelor's degree in English literature from Colgate University.	Jay Jordan	Colgate University
educated at	James S. Shapiro (born September 11, 1955) is Professor of English and Comparative Literature at Columbia University who specialises in Shakespeare and the Early Modern period.	James S. Shapiro	Columbia University
educated at	Ratan Kumar Sinha graduated in Mechanical Engineering from Patna University in 1972, securing the first position in the University.	Ratan Kumar Sinha	Patna University
educated at	Jess Fink received her degree in Illustrating & Cartooning from the School of Visual Arts in New York City.	Jess Fink	School of Visual Arts
educated at	Gabriel Shaoolian is a graduate of New York University, and lives in New York City with his wife and two children.	Gabriel Shaoolian	New York University
educated at	Rose Friedman attended Reed College and later transferred to the University of Chicago where she received a Bachelor of Philosophy degree.	Rose Friedman	Reed College
educated at	Baron Clas Alströmer (1736--1794) was a Swedish naturalist who was a student of Carl Linnaeus at Uppsala University.	Clas Alströmer	Uppsala University
educated at	Ben van Beurden (born 23 April 1958) is the CEO of Royal Dutch Shell plc. Van Beurden joined Shell in 1983, after graduating with a Master's Degree in Chemical Engineering from Delft University of Technology in the Netherlands.	Ben van Beurden	Delft University of Technology
educated at	George Claassen studied at the University of Pretoria (B.Hons, MA) and at UNISA (PhD).	George Claassen	University of Pretoria
educated at	Initiated into artistic studies by his father Cesare, an associate of Luigi Scrosati, and the painter Mosè Bianchi from Lodi, Arturo Ferrari completed his training at the Brera Academy under the guidance of Giuseppe Bertini from 1877 to 1884 while working in the studio of Gerolamo Induno at the same time.	Arturo Ferrari	Brera Academy
educated at	Chris England was educated at Valley Comprehensive School, Worksop, Nottinghamshire, and at Pembroke College, Cambridge.	Chris England	Pembroke College
educated at	Alfred W. Anthony (1860--1939) was an American author, Freewill Baptist leader, and religion professor at Bates College in Maine.	Alfred W. Anthony	Bates College
educated at	Marija Naumova has a law degree from the University of Latvia.	Marija Naumova	University of Latvia
educated at	Pam Jenoff attended George Washington University and Cambridge University in the U.K., where she received a master's degree in history.	Pam Jenoff	George Washington University
educated at	Peter Coutts was educated at the University of Melbourne in electrical engineering but was later a post-graduate student in the School of General Studies at the Australian National University.	Peter Coutts	Australian National University
educated at	Petru Luhan studied economics at the University of Osnabrück in Germany and also had study exchanges in the USA and Australia.	Petru Luhan	University of Osnabrück
educated at	Black Cobain attended Virginia State University, graduated magna cum laude, and obtained employment at the Boys & Girls Club, uncertain he could make a viable living and income from his ambitions as an emcee.	Black Cobain	Virginia State University
educated at	Lisa Sharkey holds a degree from Washington University in St. Louis, Missouri.	Lisa Sharkey	Washington University in St. Louis
educated at	Alva Noë (B.Phil, University of Oxford; Ph.D., Harvard University; born 1964) is Professor of Philosophy at the University of California, Berkeley.	Alva Noë	University of Oxford	Harvard University
educated at	In 1926, Margaret Scoggin graduated from Radcliffe College and shortly after took a summer job at the New York Public Library.	Margaret Scoggin	Radcliffe College
educated at	Bob Jamieson studied at Knox College but completed his bachelor's degree at Bradley University.	Bob Jamieson	Knox College	Bradley University
educated at	Linda Davies read Politics, Philosophy and Economics at St Edmund Hall, Oxford graduating in 1985, then worked for seven years as an investment banker in New York City, London and Eastern Europe.	Linda Davies	St Edmund Hall
educated at	Born April 29, 1913 in Berkeley, California, Margaret Wentworth Owings graduated from Mills College in 1934 and completed graduate studies in art at Harvard University in 1935.	Margaret Wentworth Owings	Harvard University
educated at	Eugène Adrien Roland Georges Garros was born in Saint-Denis, Réunion, and studied at the Lycée Janson de Sailly and HEC Paris.	Roland Georges Garros	HEC Paris
educated at	Sir William Lindsay Everard was born on 13 March 1891 in Knighton, Leicester and attended Harrow School and Trinity College Cambridge.	Lindsay Everard	Harrow School	Trinity College
educated at	Steve Beresford (born 1950) is a British musician who graduated from the University of York.	Steve Beresford	University of York
educated at	Arthur Hills is an American golf course designer who achieved a Bachelor of Landscape Architecture from the University of Michigan and a Bachelor of Science from Michigan State University.	Arthur Hills	University of Michigan	Michigan State University
educated at	The Presets' founders, Julian Hamilton and Kim Moyes met in 1995 at the Sydney Conservatorium of Music where they were both studying classical music.	The Presets	Sydney Conservatorium of Music
educated at	Ralph Weissleder (born November 8, 1958 in Zell am Harmersbach, Germany) is a Professor at Harvard Medical School, Director of the Center for Systems Biology at Massachusetts General Hospital (MGH) and an Attending Interventional Radiologist at MGH.	Ralph Weissleder	Harvard Medical School
educated at	Luis García Montero (Granada, 4 December 1958) is a Spanish poet and literary critic, as well as a professor of Spanish Literature at the University of Granada.	Luis García Montero	University of Granada
educated at	Amanda Felder holds an undergraduate degree from Rice University and in March 2010 she was awarded a Ph.D. in Bioengineering from UC (University of California) San Diego.	Amanda Felder	Rice University
educated at	Stephen M. Sano (born 1959) is professor of music and the Harold C. Schmidt director of choral studies at Stanford University.	Stephen M. Sano	Stanford University
educated at	Fielding Dawson (August 2, 1930 -- January 5, 2002) was a Beat-era author of short stories and novels, and a student at Black Mountain College.	Fielding Dawson	Black Mountain College
educated at	A performer from an early age and a graduate of the Juilliard School, Christina Courtin released her first, self-titled, album in June 2009 on Nonesuch Records, of which Patrick McKiernan of website allgigs.co.uk stated, ``It's nothing short of immense how beautiful this girl's debut album is.''	Christina Courtin	Juilliard School
educated at	Graduate of the University of Aix-Marseille and Sciences Po, David Pujadas entered Paris's Centre for Journalist Training (CFJ) in 1988.	David Pujadas	Sciences Po
educated at	An attendant of the University of the Arts (Philadelphia) and graduate of Morgan State University and Rutgers University, Bilal Salaam's sound was described by Soul Culture magazine as ``a left of centre, soulful Kid A''.	Bilal Salaam	University of the Arts	Rutgers University
educated at	Marvin E. Frankel (July 26, 1920 -- March 3, 2002) was a litigator, a United States federal judge on the Southern District of New York, a professor at Columbia Law School, and a legal scholar whose views helped to establish sentencing guidelines for the federal courts.	Marvin E. Frankel	Columbia Law School
educated at	Phebe Novakovic graduated from Smith College in Northampton, Massachusetts and received an M.B.A. from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania in 1988.	Phebe Novakovic	Smith College
educated at	Marek Trojanowicz (born April 30, 1944 in Warsaw) is a Polish chemist, professor of chemical sciences with specialization in analytical chemistry, academic staff member, and head of the Laboratory for Flow Analysis and Chromatography, University of Warsaw, Poland.	Marek Trojanowicz	University of Warsaw
educated at	Kyffin Williams was educated at Moreton Hall School then Shrewsbury School before joining the 6th Battalion Royal Welch Fusiliers as a lieutenant in 1937.	Kyffin Williams	Shrewsbury School
educated at	Lex Mpati is President of the Supreme Court of Appeal of South Africa and Chancellor of Rhodes University, his alma mater.	Lex Mpati	Rhodes University
educated at	Lorenzo Latham (died 1860 in New Orleans) was during his senior year at Hamilton College a founding member of Alpha Delta Phi (ΑΔΦ), now an international literary fraternity, with Samuel Eells and John Curtiss Underwood, who were also seniors, and two juniors, Oliver Andrew Morse and Henry Lemuel Storrs.	Lorenzo Latham	Hamilton College
educated at	Maureen Paley was born in New York, the daughter of Alfred Paley and Sylvia Paley; she attended Sarah Lawrence College, and graduated from Brown University in 1975.	Maureen Paley	Sarah Lawrence College
educated at	After leaving the Royal Masonic School for Boys, Harvey Postlethwaite attended the University of Birmingham, England to study Mechanical Engineering and graduated, with a BSc and then a doctorate, during the 1960s.	Harvey Postlethwaite	University of Birmingham
educated at	Niels August Theodor Kaj Gottlob, usually known as Kaj Gottlob, (9 November 1887 -- 12 May 1976) was a Danish architect who contributed much to Neoclassicism and Functionalism both as professor of the School of Architects at the Royal Danish Academy of Fine Arts and as a royal building inspector.	Kaj Gottlob	Royal Danish Academy of Fine Arts
educated at	John Warren (1874-1928) was a professor of anatomy at Harvard University, as well as its University Marshal.	John Warren (1874-1928)	Harvard University
educated at	Rouben Paul Adalian is the Director of the Armenian National Institute in Washington, D.C. Adalian received his Ph.D. in history from the University of California, Los Angeles.	Rouben Paul Adalian	University of California, Los Angeles
educated at	Born in New York, New York, Arnold Bauman received a B.B.A. from St. John's University in 1934, and a J.D. from New York University School of Law in 1937.	Arnold Bauman	St. John's University	New York University School of Law
educated at	Alex Seropian attended the University of Chicago, and joined the Phi Delta Theta fraternity, where he would soon meet one of his future colleagues Jason Jones.	Alex Seropian	University of Chicago
educated at	Suzan Sabancı Dinçer holds a B.A. degree in Finance and International Marketing from Richmond, The American International University in London, UK and an MBA degree from Boston University, US.	Suzan Sabancı Dinçer	Richmond, The American International University in London	Boston University
educated at	Edward Castronova obtained a BS in International Affairs from Georgetown University in 1985 and a PhD in Economics from the University of Wisconsin--	Edward Castronova	Georgetown University
employer	Walter Galenson (1914 -- December 30, 1999) was a professor of economics at Cornell University and a noted U.S. labor historian and economist.	Walter Galenson	Cornell University
employer	Klaus Fesser is a professor for theoretical physics at Department of Physics at the University of Greifswald, Germany.	Klaus Fesser	University of Greifswald
employer	Betsy Foxman (born 1955) is an epidemiologist at the University of Michigan since 1984, where she is director of the Center for Molecular and Clinical Epidemiology of Infectious Diseases, and of the Interdisciplinary Training Program in Infectious Diseases.	Betsy Foxman	University of Michigan
employer	May-Britt Moser (born 4 January 1963) is a Norwegian psychologist, neuroscientist, and head of department of the Centre for Neural Computation at the Norwegian University of Science and Technology (NTNU).	May-Britt Moser	Norwegian University of Science and Technology
employer	Jean-Marie Tarascon FRSC is Professor of Chemistry at the Collège de France in Paris and Director of the French Research Network on Electrochemical Energy Storage (RS2E).	Jean-Marie Tarascon	Collège de France
employer	Henri Grissino-Mayer is a Full Professor of Geography and Director of the Laboratory of Tree-Ring Science at the University of Tennessee, Knoxville.	Henri Grissino-Mayer	University of Tennessee
employer	Eugene Goldwasser (October 14, 1922 -- December 17, 2010) was an American biochemist at the University of Chicago who identified erythropoietin (widely known as EPO or Epo), a hormone that plays a vital role in the synthesis of red blood cells.	Eugene Goldwasser	University of Chicago
employer	Birger Møller-Pedersen is a computer scientist and Professor at the University of Oslo, Department of Informatics.	Birger Møller-Pedersen	University of Oslo
employer	Susan Hockey is an Emeritus Professor of Library and Information Studies at University College London.	Susan Hockey	University College London
employer	Cindy Griffin (born July 11, 1969) is an American college basketball coach, currently head women's coach at her alma mater, Saint Joseph's University.	Cindy Griffin	Saint Joseph's University
employer	Kathryn Hendley (b. 1958) is an American professor of law and politics, and is currently the William Voss-Bascom Professor of Law and Political Science at the University of Wisconsin-- Madison.	Kathryn Hendley	University of Wisconsin-- Madison
employer	Kelly D. Patterson (born 1958) is a professor of political science at Brigham Young University (BYU) and a senior research fellow with the Center for the Study of Elections Democracy at that school.	Kelly D. Patterson	Brigham Young University
employer	Stacey M. Floyd-Thomas is Associate Professor of Ethics and Society at Vanderbilt Divinity School and the Graduate Department of Religion at Vanderbilt University in Nashville, Tennessee.	Stacey M. Floyd-Thomas	Vanderbilt University
employer	Charles Woodruff Yost (November 6, 1907 -- May 21, 1981) was a career U.S. diplomat who was assigned as his country's representative to the United Nations from 1969 to 1971.	Charles Woodruff Yost	United Nations
employer	Ivan Vilela is currently a professor at the School of Communication and Arts, University of São Paulo.	Ivan Vilela	University of São Paulo
employer	Melvin Kranzberg (November 22, 1917 -- December 6, 1995) was a professor of history at Case Western Reserve University from 1952 until 1971.	Melvin Kranzberg	Case Western Reserve University
employer	Earle Hesse Kennard (August 2, 1885 -- January 31, 1968) was a theoretical physicist and professor at Cornell University.	Earle Hesse Kennard	Cornell University
employer	Lassi Päivärinta is a Finnish mathematician, one-time professor of applied mathematics at the department of mathematics and statistics at the University of Helsinki.	Lassi Päivärinta	University of Helsinki
employer	Dewi Morgan was largely self-taught, having had little formal education, becoming a master of the form of strict-meter Welsh poetry known as Cynghanedd.	Dewi Morgan	Cynghanedd
employer	During the nineties, Jawid Mojaddedi attended University of Manchester, where he earned his BA and PhD in Middle Eastern Studies.	Jawid Mojaddedi	University of Manchester
employer	Susan Whitfield is an English historian and librarian who works at the British Library in London, England.	Susan Whitfield	British Library
employer	Arthur P. Shimamura (born June 26, 1954 in Los Angeles, California) is a professor of psychology and faculty member of the Helen Wills Neuroscience Institute at the University of California, Berkeley.	Arthur P. Shimamura	University of California, Berkeley
employer	Sylvia Rafael Schjødt (born 1 April 1937, South Africa -- died 9 February 2005, Pretoria, South Africa) was a South African-born Israeli Mossad operative and was convicted of conspiracy to commit an assassination.	Sylvia Rafael	Mossad
employer	The Rev. Edmond La Beaume Cherbonnier (born February 11, 1918) is an American scholar in the field of religious studies, Professor (Emeritus) of Religion, at Trinity College, and an Episcopal Church deacon.	Edmond La Beaume Cherbonnier	Trinity College
employer	Wyn Grant (born 1947) is a British political scientist and professor of politics at the University of Warwick.	Wyn Grant	University of Warwick
employer	Bonnie Brinton is a speech language pathologist, a professor at Brigham Young University (BYU) and from 1999-2009 was dean of the BYU graduate school.	Bonnie Brinton	Brigham Young University
employer	Seymour Chatman (August 30, 1928 - November 4, 2015) was an American film and literary critic and professor emeritus of rhetoric at the University of California, Berkeley.	Seymour Chatman	University of California, Berkeley
employer	Peter Eton, (1917/1918-- January 1980), was a producer for BBC radio and television.	Peter Eton	BBC
employer	General Basile Gras (January 2, 1836 -- April 14, 1901) created the Gras rifle for the French Army in 1874 by converting the Mle 1866 Chassepot rifle to fire metallic cartridges.	Basile Gras	French Army
employer	Kaarina Immonen, a national of Finland was appointed as Deputy Special Representative in the Central African Republic by the United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon on 11 December 2012.	Kaarina Immonen	United Nations
employer	Zahari Zograf's best known frescoes are those in the main church of the Rila Monastery, in the chapel and the St Nicholas church of the Bachkovo Monastery, the Troyan Monastery and the Monastery of the Transfiguration.	Zahari Zograf	Bachkovo Monastery	Troyan Monastery
employer	Terry G. Jordan-Bychkov (1938--2003) was a Professor at the Department of Geography and the Environment at University of Texas at Austin.	Terry G. Jordan-Bychkov	University of Texas at Austin
employer	Hal Buell was the former head of the Photography Service (photography director) at the Associated Press for twenty-five years where he supervised an international staff of 300 photographers.	Hal Buell	Associated Press
employer	Mikael Rothstein (born May 8, 1961) is an associate professor of religious history at the University of Copenhagen in Copenhagen, Denmark.	Mikael Rothstein	University of Copenhagen
employer	Pauline van den Driessche (born 1941) is a British and Canadian applied mathematician who is a professor emerita in the department of mathematics and statistics at the University of Victoria, where she has also held an affiliation in the department of computer science.	Pauline van den Driessche	University of Victoria
employer	Eddie Mair (born 12 November 1965 in Dundee) is a Scottish broadcaster who presents on national BBC radio and television.	Eddie Mair	BBC
employer	Marjorie Anderson (7 November 1913 -- 14 December 1999) was a leading BBC radio broadcaster for over thirty years.	Marjorie Anderson	BBC
employer	Leslie Baily (1906--1976) was a journalist, and a writer and producer for BBC Radio from 1924-1946.	Leslie Baily	BBC
employer	S. Peter Cowe is a Narekatsi Professor of Armenian Studies at UCLA and has taught at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem, University of Chicago, and Columbia University.	S. Peter Cowe	University of Chicago
employer	Anne Sjerp Troelstra (born 10 August 1939) is Emeritus professor of pure mathematics and foundations of mathematics at the Institute for Logic, Language and Computation (ILLC) of the University of Amsterdam.	Anne Sjerp Troelstra	University of Amsterdam
employer	Barbara Shearer (September 16, 1936 in Ottawa, Illinois -- December 6, 2005) was a renowned American pianist and pedagogue at the University of California, Berkeley.	Barbara Shearer	University of California, Berkeley
employer	James R. Chelikowsky is a professor of physics, chemical engineering, chemistry and biochemistry at The University of Texas at Austin.	James R. Chelikowsky	University of Texas at Austin
employer	Roger Savory is a British-born Professor Emeritus at the University of Toronto who is an Iranologist and specialist on the Safavids.	Roger Savory	University of Toronto
employer	Jacques Ehrmann (1931--1972) was a French literary theorist and a faculty member of the Yale University French Department from 1961 until his death in 1972.	Jacques Ehrmann	Yale University
employer	Malcolm Knight received an Honour B.A. in Political Science and Economics from the University of Toronto and M.Sc.	Malcolm Knight	University of Toronto
employer	Thomas H. Maren (1918 -- August 15, 1999) was a professor of medicine at the University of Florida.	Thomas H. Maren	University of Florida
employer	Min Zhou (* July 14th 1956 in Zhongshan), is Professor of Sociology at the University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA) and is the founding chair of the University's Department of Asian American Studies.	Min Zhou	University of California, Los Angeles
employer	Jordan Banks (born May 17, 1968) is a Canadian businessman, currently serving as Facebook's Global Head of Vertical Strategy, as well as, the Managing Director of Facebook Canada.	Jordan Banks	Facebook
employer	Lisa Hopp (born October 21, 1956) is a professor of nursing at Purdue University Calumet where she directs the Indiana Center for Evidence-Based Nursing Practice:	Lisa Hopp	Purdue University
employer	Arie Bodek (born 1947) is an American experimental particle physicist and George E. Pake Professor of Physics at the University of Rochester.	Arie Bodek	University of Rochester
employer	Thomas L. Magnanti (born 1945) is an American engineer and Institute Professor and former Dean of the School of Engineering at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.	Thomas L. Magnanti	Massachusetts Institute of Technology
employer	Adam Parsons (born 15 July 1970 in London) is an English television and radio presenter, working mainly for the BBC.	Adam Parsons	BBC
employer	Kenneth M. Sayre is an American philosopher who spent most of his career at the University of Notre Dame (ND).	Kenneth M. Sayre	University of Notre Dame
employer	Eric K. Meyer (born August 23, 1953) is an American associate professor of journalism at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign.	Eric K. Meyer	University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign
employer	Sahle-Work Zewde, a native of Ethiopia, currently serves as the Director-General of the United Nations Office at Nairobi (UNON).	Sahle-Work Zewde	United Nations
employer	Edward F. Sherman served as the 20th dean and is currently the W.R. Irby Chair in Law at the Tulane University Law School.	Edward F. Sherman	Tulane University
employer	Manfred Broy (born 10 August 1949 at Landsberg am Lech) is a German computer scientist, and Professor in the Institut für Informatik at the Technische Universität München, Garching, Germany.	Manfred Broy	Technische Universität München
employer	Douglas G. Stuart (born October 5, 1931) is a Regents' professor emeritus of Physiology at the University of Arizona.	Douglas G. Stuart	University of Arizona
employer	Jan Hemelrijk (28 May 1918 -- 16 March 2005) was a Dutch mathematician, Professor of Statistics at the University of Amsterdam, and authority in the field of stochastic processes.	Jan Hemelrijk	University of Amsterdam
employer	Angelika Amon, Ph.D. (b. 1967) is an Austrian American molecular and cell biologist and professor at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) in Cambridge, Massachusetts, United States.	Angelika Amon	Massachusetts Institute of Technology
employer	Derryl Cousins (born August 18, 1946) is a former umpire in Major League Baseball (MLB).	Derryl Cousins	Major League Baseball
employer	James E. Falen is a professor emeritus of Russian at the University of Tennessee.	James E. Falen	University of Tennessee
employer	Neva Goodwin is Co-Director of the Global Development And Environment Institute (GDAE) at Tufts University, where she is a Research Associate at the Fletcher School of Law and Diplomacy and director of the Social Science Library:	Neva Goodwin	Global Development And Environment Institute
employer	Darren Hawkins (born April 15, 1966) is an American professor and the current chair of the department of Political Science at Brigham Young University.	Darren Hawkins	Brigham Young University
employer	Ellen P. Reese (1926--1997) was the Norma Cutts Dafoe professor of psychology at Mount Holyoke College until 1994.	Ellen P. Reese	Mount Holyoke College
employer	Mara Keisling (born September 29, 1959 in Scranton, Pennsylvania) is an American transgender rights activist and founding executive director of the National Center for Transgender Equality, based in Washington, DC. She is a trans woman who started transitioning in her 40s.	Mara Keisling	National Center for Transgender Equality
employer	Ed Harding is the principal anchor on WCVB-TV (Channel 5) in Boston, anchoring the 5, 6, and 11 PM editions of NewsCenter 5.	Ed Harding	WCVB-TV
employer	Tung Soo Hua (Chinese: 董素华; pinyin: Dǒng Sùhúa) is a television news anchor and current affairs presenter with MediaCorp TV Channel 8 and Channel U.	Tung Soo Hua	MediaCorp
employer	Tom Finkelpearl is an American arts promoter and former museum director who serves as commissioner of the New York City Department of Cultural Affairs.	Tom Finkelpearl	New York City Department of Cultural Affairs
employer	Gerd Roellecke (1927 in Iserlohn, North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany -- 2011 in Karlsruhe, Baden-Württemberg, Germany) was a German researcher, lawyer, philosopher and former professor for public law and philosophy at the University of Mannheim from 1969 to 1999.	Gerd Roellecke	University of Mannheim
employer	Arnall Patz (June 14, 1920 -- March 11, 2010) was an American medical doctor and research professor at Johns Hopkins University.	Arnall Patz	Johns Hopkins University
employer	Jörg Baberowski (born 24 March 1961) is a German historian and Professor of Eastern European History at the Humboldt University of Berlin.	Jörg Baberowski	Humboldt University of Berlin
employer	Ousmane Oumar Kane holds the Prince Alwaleed Bin Talal Chair on Contemporary Islamic Religion and Society at the Harvard Divinity School and the Department of Near Eastern Languages and Civilization at Harvard University since July 2012.	Ousmane Oumar Kane	Harvard University
employer	Morris Fishbein M.D. (July 22, 1889 -- September 27, 1976) was a physician who became the editor of the Journal of the American Medical Association (JAMA) from 1924 to 1950.	Morris Fishbein	JAMA
employer	Eugen Fraenkel worked as pathologist and bacteriologist researcher at the Eppendorf Hospital (Eppendorfer Krankenhaus) affiliated with the University of Hamburg where he discovered the gas gangrene bacillus (Bacillus fraenkeli, later renamed Clostridium perfringens).	Eugen Fraenkel	University of Hamburg
employer	As'ad AbuKhalil (Arabic: أسعد أبو خليل) (born March 16, 1960) is a Lebanese-American professor of political science at California State University, Stanislaus.	As'ad AbuKhalil	California State University, Stanislaus
employer	Peter Wasserscheid (born 23 October 1970 in Würzburg) is a German chemist and professor for chemical reaction engineering at the University of Erlangen-Nuremberg.	Peter Wasserscheid	University of Erlangen-Nuremberg
employer	Constantine Pozrikidis is a Professor of Chemical Engineering at the University of Massachusetts Amherst, known for his contributions in the areas of theoretical and computational fluid dynamics, applied mathematics, and scientific computing.	Constantine Pozrikidis	University of Massachusetts Amherst
employer	Markus Gabriel (born April 6, 1980) is a German philosopher and author at the University of Bonn.	Markus Gabriel	University of Bonn
employer	David Sudarsky is an astrophysicist at the University of Arizona.	David Sudarsky	University of Arizona
employer	Thane Gustafson is a professor of political science at Georgetown University, Washington, D.C., USA.	Thane Gustafson	Georgetown University
employer	Katherine K. Young is a Canadian religious studies professor at McGill University.	Katherine K. Young	McGill University
employer	Yacine Ait-Sahalia is the Otto Hack 1903 Professor of Finance and Economics at Princeton University.	Yacine Ait-Sahalia	Princeton University
employer	Joanna Agacka-Indecka graduated from the University of Łódź and then was assistant professor at the Chair of Penal Procedure of the Faculty of Law and Administration of the same university (1988--2001).	Joanna Agacka-Indecka	University of Łódź
employer	John Ochsendorf (born 1974) is a structural engineer and historian of construction; he is a professor of Civil and Environmental Engineering and Architecture at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.	John Ochsendorf	Massachusetts Institute of Technology
employer	Wyre Davies is a Welsh journalist, and South America correspondent for BBC News.	Wyre Davies	BBC
employer	Jan de Leeuw (born December 19, 1945) is a Dutch statistician, and Distinguished Professor Emeritus of Statistics and Founding Chair of the Department of Statistics, University of California, Los Angeles.	Jan de Leeuw	University of California, Los Angeles
employer	Jean Paul Van Bendegem (born 28 March 1953 in Ghent) is a mathematician, a philosopher of science, and a prominent professor at the Vrije Universiteit Brussel in Brussels.	Jean Paul Van Bendegem	Vrije Universiteit
employer	William D. Haseman is an expert of Management Information Systems and Wisconsin Distinguished Professor of MIS of University of Wisconsin-- Milwaukee.	William D. Haseman	University of Wisconsin-- Milwaukee
employer	James Kakalios (born 1958) is a physics professor at the University of Minnesota.	James Kakalios	University of Minnesota
employer	Samuel Estreicher (born 1948) is Dwight D. Opperman Professor of Law at New York University School of Law, director of its Center for Labor and Employment and co-director of its Institute of Judicial Administration.	Samuel Estreicher	New York University
employer	Carl Schiøtz (2 November 1877 -- 20 September 1938) was a Norwegian physician and professor of hygiene and bacteriology at the University of Oslo.	Carl Schiøtz	University of Oslo
employer	Stephen Zaccaro is an American professor of psychology from Fairfax, Virginia where he teaches at the George Mason University.	Stephen Zaccaro	George Mason University
employer	David G. Anderson (born 1949) is an archaeologist in the department of anthropology at the University of Tennessee, Knoxville, who specializes in Southeastern archaeology.	David G. Anderson	University of Tennessee
employer	Mark H. Moore is the Hauser Professor for Nonprofit Organizations and Faculty Chair of the Hauser Center for Nonprofit Organizations at the John F. Kennedy School of Government at Harvard University.	Mark H. Moore	Harvard University
employer	Peggy Kamuf (born 1947) is the Marion Frances Chevalier Professor of French and Comparative Literature at the University of Southern California.	Peggy Kamuf	University of Southern California
employer	Günther Bornkamm (8 October 1905 -- 18 February 1990) was a German New Testament scholar belonging to the school of Rudolf Bultmann and a Professor of New Testament at the University of Heidelberg.	Günther Bornkamm	University of Heidelberg
employer	Robert Bruce Findler, colloquially known as ``Robby'', is an American computer scientist, currently an associate professor of electrical engineering and computer science at Northwestern University.	Robert Bruce Findler	Northwestern University
employer	William Roger Louis CBE FBA (born May 8, 1936), also known as Wm. Roger Louis, or Roger Louis, informally, is an American historian, currently distinguished historian at the University of Texas at Austin.	William Roger Louis	University of Texas at Austin
employer	William W. Freehling (born 1935) is an American historian, and Singletary Professor of the Humanities Emeritus at the University of Kentucky.	William W. Freehling	University of Kentucky
employer	Madeleine Blais (born 1946) is a United States journalist, author and professor in the University of Massachusetts Amherst's journalism department.	Madeleine Blais	University of Massachusetts Amherst
employer	David C. Page, MD, is a professor of biology at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) and the director of the Whitehead Institute, and is best known for his work on mapping the Y-chromosome and on its evolution in mammals and expression during development.	David C. Page	Massachusetts Institute of Technology
employer	John Lachs is the Centennial Professor of Philosophy at Vanderbilt University, where he has taught since 1967.	John Lachs	Vanderbilt University
employer	Frederick Richard Dimbleby, CBE (25 May 1913 -- 22 December 1965) was an English journalist and broadcaster, who became the BBC's first war correspondent, and then its leading TV news commentator.	Richard Dimbleby	BBC
employer	Bedii Süheyl Batum (born 6 May 1955 in Istanbul, Turkey) is a Turkish academic and the former rector of Bahçeşehir University, Istanbul.	Süheyl Batum	Bahçeşehir University
employer	Cristina Gallach (born 1960) is the United Nations Under-Secretary-General for Communications and Public Information.	Cristina Gallach	United Nations
employer	Karl H. Pribram (February 25, 1919 -- January 19, 2015) was a professor at Georgetown University, in the United States, an emeritus professor of psychology and psychiatry at Stanford University and distinguished professor at Radford University.	Karl H. Pribram	Georgetown University
employer	George R. Rossman is the Eleanor and John R. McMillan Professor of Mineralogy at the California Institute of Technology.	George R. Rossman	California Institute of Technology
employer	Horace Newcomb held the Lambdin Kay Chair for the Peabody Award in the Grady College of Journalism and Mass Communication at the University of Georgia from 2001 through June 2013.	Horace Newcomb	University of Georgia
employer	Christoph Steinbeck is a chemist born in Neuwied in 1966, working at the European Molecular Biology Laboratory-European Bioinformatics Institute (EMBL-EBI).	Christoph Steinbeck	European Bioinformatics Institute
employer	Mildred T. Stahlman is a professor of pediatrics and pathology at Vanderbilt University in Nashville, Tennessee.	Mildred T. Stahlman	Vanderbilt University
employer	Arlie Russell Hochschild (/ˈhoʊkʃɪld/) is a professor emerita of sociology at the University of California, Berkeley.	Arlie Russell Hochschild	University of California, Berkeley
employer	José Emilio Amores Cañals (March 10, 1919 - June 27, 2014) was one of the first chemistry teachers at the Monterrey Institute of Technology and Higher Education and currently known for his work in promoting the arts from 1947 to the present in the city of Monterrey, Mexico.	José Emilio Amores	Monterrey Institute of Technology and Higher Education
employer	Robin Aitken is a British journalist who for many years worked for the BBC.	Robin Aitken	BBC
employer	Paul-Alain Beaulieu is a Canadian Assyriologist, a Professor of Near and Middle Eastern Civilizations at the University of Toronto.	Paul-Alain Beaulieu	University of Toronto
employer	Johann Wolfgang Jäger was a German professor of Protestant theology and chancellor of the University of Tübingen.	Johann Wolfgang Jäger	University of Tübingen
employer	Philip R. Davies is a present day Professor emeritus of biblical studies at the University of Sheffield, England.	Philip R. Davies	University of Sheffield
employer	Erich Karkoschka (born 1955) is a planetary researcher at the Lunar and Planetary Laboratory of the University of Arizona.	Erich Karkoschka	University of Arizona
employer	Alan K. Parrish is a professor of religious education at Brigham Young University (BYU) who has written books and articles related to American education and The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church), most notably a biography of John A. Widtsoe.	Alan K. Parrish	Brigham Young University
employer	Teresa Wynn Roseborough (born November 28, 1958) is an American lawyer, a former Deputy Assistant Attorney General during the Clinton administration and is the current executive vice president and general counsel at The Home Depot.	Teresa Wynn Roseborough	The Home Depot
employer	Mark Silk is a professor of religion in public life at Trinity College (Hartford, Connecticut), where he directs the Leonard E. Greenberg Center for the Study of Religion in Public Life and serves as editor of Religion in the News.	Mark Silk	Trinity College
employer	Roberto Tamassia is a computer scientist, the Plastech Professor of Computer Science at Brown University, and since 2007 has been chair of the Brown Computer Science department.	Roberto Tamassia	Brown University
employer	Theresa Stewart (born in Leeds on 24 August 1930) is an English Labour politician and the first female leader of Birmingham City Council, a position which she attained in October 1993, succeeding Dick Knowles, and in competition for which she was beaten by Sir Albert Bore in May 1999.	Theresa Stewart	Birmingham City Council
employer	Matthew Price (born 5 June 1972, London) is a British journalist who currently works as Chief Correspondent for the BBC Radio 4 Today programme.	Matthew Price	BBC
employer	Herman Chernoff (born July 1, 1923, New York) is an American applied mathematician, statistician and physicist formerly a professor at MIT and currently working at Harvard University.	Herman Chernoff	Harvard University
employer	Tomasz Jasiński (born 1951) is a Polish historian, dean of the History Department at the Adam Mickiewicz University in Poznań.	Tomasz Jasiński	Adam Mickiewicz University in Poznań
employer	Ray O. Johnson, an American executive focused on business, innovation, and diversity, is the former Senior Vice President and Chief Technology Officer of the Lockheed Martin Corporation.	Ray O. Johnson	Lockheed Martin
employer	Lawrence S.B. Goldstein (born Buffalo, New York; February 20, 1956) is a professor of cellular and molecular medicine at University of California, San Diego and investigator with the Howard Hughes Medical Institute.	Lawrence S.B. Goldstein	University of California, San Diego
employer	Chanda Kochhar (born 17 November 1961) is the managing director (MD) and chief executive officer (CEO) of ICICI Bank.	Chanda Kochhar	ICICI Bank
employer	On the radio, Bernard Maris had a weekly column entitled J'ai tout compris à l'économie, each Saturday on France Inter, and took part each Friday in a debate on topical economic issues with the economic journalist of Les Échos, Dominique Seux, from 7:50.	Bernard Maris	France Inter
employer	Josiah Parsons Cooke (October 12, 1827 -- September 3, 1894) was an American scientist who worked at Harvard University and was instrumental in the measurement of atomic weights, inspiring America's first Nobel laureate in chemistry, Theodore Richards, to pursue similar research.	Josiah Parsons Cooke	Harvard University
employer	Anthony Dickenson, BSc, PhD, FmedSci is Professor of Neuropharmacology at University College, London.	Anthony Dickenson	University College, London
employer	David Lobell is an agricultural ecologist and an Associate Professor in Environmental Earth System Science at Stanford University.	David Lobell	Stanford University
employer	Mirko Tobias Schäfer is a media scholar at Utrecht University.	Mirko Tobias Schäfer	Utrecht University
employer	David G. Taylor has worked as a senior producer and director for the BBC.	David G. Taylor	BBC
employer	Carl Tancred Borenius (July 14, 1885, Vyborg -- September 2, 1948, Salisbury) was a Finnish art historian working in England, who became the first professor of the history of art at University College London.	Tancred Borenius	University College London
employer	Kemal Karpat is a Turkish historian and former professor at the University of Wisconsin-- Madison.	Kemal Karpat	University of Wisconsin-- Madison
employer	John Gaventa OBE (born 1949) is currently the Director of Research at the Institute of Development Studies, University of Sussex, where he has been a Fellow since 1996.	John Gaventa	University of Sussex
employer	John W. Semple is a Canadian Scientist at St. Michael's Hospital and a Professor of Pharmacology at the University of Toronto.	John W. Semple	University of Toronto
employer	Larry C. Johnson is a former analyst at the U.S. Central Intelligence Agency, who moved subsequently in 1989 to the U.S. Department of State, where he served four years as the deputy director for transportation security, antiterrorism assistance training, and special operations in the State Department's Office of Counterterrorism.	Larry C. Johnson	Central Intelligence Agency
employer	Carl Alexandre, a national of United States was appointed as Deputy Special Representative for the United Nations Stabilization Mission in Haiti (MINUSTAH) by the United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon on 17 January 2013.	Carl Alexandre	United Nations
employer	Lo Man-fei (Chinese: 羅曼菲; 16 September 1955 -- 24 March 2006) was a Taiwanese dancer and choreographer, best known for her work with the Cloud Gate Dance Theatre.	Lo Man-fei	Cloud Gate Dance Theatre
employer	Claire Kremen (born 1961) is an American biologist, and professor of conservation biology at University of California, Berkeley.	Claire Kremen	University of California, Berkeley
employer	Anthony Farmer (born 1657) was an Englishman nominated by King James II to the office of President of Magdalen College, Oxford, in 1687.	Anthony Farmer	Magdalen College
employer	Barbara Aland, née Ehlers (born 12 April 1937 in Hamburg, Germany) is a German theologian and was a Professor of New Testament Research and Church History at Westphalian Wilhelms-University of Münster until 2002.	Barbara Aland	University of Münster
employer	Alwin Schultz (6 August 1838 -- 10 March 1909) was a German art historian and medievalist, professor of art history at the Charles University in Prague.	Alwin Schultz	Charles University in Prague
employer	Paul DePodesta (born December 16, 1972) is the chief strategy officer for the Cleveland Browns of the National Football League (NFL).	Paul DePodesta	Cleveland Browns
employer	Michiel Hazewinkel (born June 22, 1943) is a Dutch mathematician, and Emeritus Professor of Mathematics at the Centre for Mathematics and Computer and the University of Amsterdam, particularly known for his 1978 book Formal groups and applications and as editor of the Encyclopedia of Mathematics.	Michiel Hazewinkel	University of Amsterdam
employer	Gabrielle Oberhänsli-Widmer (born June 16, 1957 in Menziken, Switzerland), is Professor of Jewish studies at the University of Freiburg.	Gabrielle Oberhänsli-Widmer	University of Freiburg
employer	Cumrun Vafa (Persian: کامران وفا‎‎, (kɒːmˈrɒːn væˈfɒː); born 1960 in Tehran) is an Iranian-American string theorist from Harvard University, which he first joined as a Harvard Junior Fellow.	Cumrun Vafa	Harvard University
employer	Hubert Gregg (14 July 1914 -- 30 March 2004) was a BBC broadcaster, writer and stage actor.	Hubert Gregg	BBC
employer	Richard Lui is an American journalist and news anchor for MSNBC and NBC News.	Richard Lui	MSNBC
employer	Frank Gillard CBE (1 December 1909 -- 20 October 1998) was a BBC executive, reporter and radio innovator.	Frank Gillard	BBC
employer	Guy Patin was doyen (or dean) of the Faculty of Medicine in Paris (1650--1652) and professor in the Collège de France starting in 1655.	Guy Patin	Collège de France
employer	Betty Miller Unterberger (December 27, 1922 -- May 15, 2012) was a historian, who as professor of American international relations spent the bulk of her extensive academic career at Texas A&M University.	Betty Miller Unterberger	Texas A&M University
employer	Niels Ingwersen (May 18, 1935 - November 14, 2009) was a Danish scholar in Scandinavian Studies and a professor at the University of Wisconsin-- Madison.	Niels Ingwersen	University of Wisconsin-- Madison
employer	Holly Rushmeier is an American computer scientist and professor at Yale University.	Holly Rushmeier	Yale University
employer	Jiang Gaoming (simplified Chinese: 蒋高明; traditional Chinese: 蔣高明; pinyin: Jiăng Gāomíng) is a professor and Ph.D. tutor at the Chinese Academy of Sciences'' Institute of Botany.	Jiang Gaoming	Chinese Academy of Sciences
employer	Carl Wunsch was the Cecil and Ida Green Professor of Physical Oceanography at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, until he retired in 2013.	Carl Wunsch	Massachusetts Institute of Technology
employer	Robert Ng Chee Siong (Chinese: 黄志祥; Jyutping: wong4 zi3 coeng4, born 1952) is the chairman of Hong Kong property development conglomerate Sino Group, a position he has held since 1981.	Robert Ng	Sino Group
employer	Kamil Özerk (born 8 October 1954 in Cyprus) is a Norwegian-Turkish Cypriot educator and professor of pedagogy at the University of Oslo.	Kamil Özerk	University of Oslo
employer	Roberto Battiti (born 1961) is an Italian computer scientist, Professor of computer science at the University of Trento, director of the LIONlab (Learning and Intelligent Optimization), and deputy director of the DISI Department (Electrical Engineering and Computer Science) and delegate for technology transfer.	Roberto Battiti	University of Trento
employer	Stephen J. Ceci is an American psychologist at Cornell University.	Stephen J. Ceci	Cornell University
employer	Joyelle McSweeney (born 1976) is a poet, playwright, novelist, critic, and professor at the University of Notre Dame.	Joyelle McSweeney	University of Notre Dame
employer	Phil Husbands (born 1961) is a professor of computer science and artificial intelligence at the English University of Sussex, situated next to the East Sussex village of Falmer, within the city of Brighton and Hove.	Phil Husbands	University of Sussex
employer	LeAnne Howe (born April 29, 1951) is an American author and Eidson Distinguished Professor in the Department of English at the University of Georgia, Athens.	LeAnne Howe	University of Georgia
employer	Dr. Karim Jamal, CA, is Chartered Accountants' Distinguished Chair in Accounting, and a professor at the University of Alberta School of Business.	Karim Jamal	University of Alberta
employer	Ulrich Luz (born 23 February 1938) is a Swiss theologian and professor emeritus at the University of Bern.	Ulrich Luz	University of Bern
employer	Antxon Olarrea is a Spanish syntactician and a professor of linguistics within the Department of Spanish and Portuguese at the University of Arizona.	Antxon Olarrea	University of Arizona
employer	Sanjoy Majumder is a journalist associated with British Broadcasting Corporation (BBC).	Sanjoy Majumder	BBC
employer	James Frazier Barker (born May 1, 1947) is the former president of Clemson University.	James Frazier Barker	Clemson University
employer	Galina Timchenko (Russian: Гали́на Ви́кторовна Ти́мченко; b. May 8, 1962) is a Russian journalist and the executive editor of Meduza.	Galina Timchenko	Meduza
employer	Dr. Robert David Johnson (born 1967), also known as KC Johnson, is an American history professor at Brooklyn College and the City University of New York Graduate Center.	KC Johnson	Brooklyn College
employer	Henry A. Lardy (August 19, 1917 -- August 4, 2010) was a biochemist and professor emeritus in the Biochemistry Department at the University of Wisconsin-Madison.	Henry A. Lardy	University of Wisconsin-Madison
employer	The Hon. Nicola Dahrendorf is a British government and United Nations official, and an expert on sexual violence, human rights and security sector reform.	Nicola Dahrendorf	United Nations
employer	Roland Rich (born 2 May 1951) is an Australian career diplomat who has been the head of the United Nations Democracy Fund since 2007, and is also Officer-in-Charge of the United Nations Office for Partnerships.	Roland Rich	United Nations
employer	Emeritus professor Brian Stoddart is an Australian academic who was the vice-chancellor of La Trobe University between 2005 and 2006.	Brian Stoddart	La Trobe University
employer	Ivan Soll (born Albert Ivan Soll; born March 1938) is an American philosopher who is a Professor Emeritus in the Department of Philosophy at the University of Wisconsin-- Madison in the United States.	Ivan Soll	University of Wisconsin-- Madison
employer	Seth Pollak is College of Letters and Science Distinguished Professor of Psychology and an Investigator in the Social and Affective Processes Unit of the Waisman Center at the University of Wisconsin-- Madison.	Seth Pollak	University of Wisconsin-- Madison
employer	Tanya Seaman is an American environmentalist and the co-founder and past executive director of PhillyCarShare.	Tanya Seaman	PhillyCarShare
employer	Frank Kschischang (born 15 September 1962 in Mettmann, West Germany (now Germany)) is a Professor in the Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering at the University of Toronto, and holds a Canada Research Chair in communication algorithms.	Frank Kschischang	University of Toronto
employer	Dr. Catherine Emihovich is the former Dean and current faculty member of the University of Florida College of Education.	Catherine Emihovich	University of Florida
employer	William Thomson Newnham (February 7, 1923 -- August 23, 2014) was a Canadian educator and the first president of Seneca College serving from 1967 through 1984.	William Thomson Newnham	Seneca College
employer	Evan Siemann is an associate professor in the Department of Ecology and Evolutionary Biology at Rice University in Houston, Texas.	Evan Siemann	Rice University
employer	Kees van der Pijl (born 15 June 1947) is a Dutch political scientist who is emeritus professor of international relations at the University of Sussex.	Kees van der Pijl	University of Sussex
employer	David William Cohen (born 2 June 1943) is Emeritus Professor of History and Anthropology at the University of Michigan.	David William Cohen	University of Michigan
employer	From 1969 to 1994, Jules Angst was Professor of Clinical Psychiatry in the University of Zurich Medical School and Head of the Research Department of Zurich University Psychiatric Hospital (the Burghölzli).	Jules Angst	University of Zurich
employer	Nora Lustig (born January 13, 1951 in Buenos Aires, Argentina) is the Samuel Z. Stone Professor of Latin American Economics in the Department of Economics at Tulane University and a non-resident Fellow at the Center for Global Development and the Inter-American Dialogue.	Nora Lustig	Tulane University
employer	Willis Henry Bocock (1865 -- 1947) was a prominent administrator and professor of Classics at the University of Georgia.	Willis Henry Bocock	University of Georgia
employer	John A. Rogers is a physical chemist and a materials scientist at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign until the summer of 2016.	John A. Rogers	University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign
employer	George M. Whitesides (born August 3, 1939) is an American chemist and professor of chemistry at Harvard University.	George M. Whitesides	Harvard University
employer	In the same year that the University of Hamburg was founded, Otto Lauffer was granted the first professorship in folklore in Germany, which he retained until 1939.	Otto Lauffer	University of Hamburg
employer	Ron Sun is a well known cognitive scientist and currently Professor of Cognitive Sciences at Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute, and formerly the James C. Dowell Professor of Engineering and Professor of Computer Science at University of Missouri.	Ron Sun	University of Missouri
employer	How to Love Food and Lose Weight, The Hairy Bikers' Asian Adventure and The Hairy Bikers' Northern Exposure for BBC Two, and The Hairy Bikers' Mississippi Adventure for Good Food.	Hairy Bikers	BBC
employer	Margaret Leinen (born September 20, 1946) is vice chancellor for Marine Sciences, director of the Scripps Institution of Oceanography, and dean of the School of Marine Sciences at the University of California, San Diego.	Margaret Leinen	University of California, San Diego
employer	Major General Luciano Portolano is the Commander of the United Nations Interim Force in Lebanon.	Luciano Portolano	United Nations
employer	Anissa Abi-Dargham, M.D., is Chief of the Division of Translational Imaging in the Psychiatry Department of the Columbia University College of Physicians and Surgeons.	Anissa Abi-Dargham	Columbia University
employer	Michael E. Mann (born 1965) is an American climatologist and geophysicist, currently director of the Earth System Science Center at Pennsylvania State University, who has contributed to the scientific understanding of historic climate change based on the temperature record of the past thousand years.	Michael E. Mann	Pennsylvania State University
employer	Lynn Nadel (born 12 November 1942) is the Regents' Professor of psychology at the University of Arizona.	Lynn Nadel	University of Arizona
employer	Karl William Kapp (October 27, 1910 -- April 4, 1976) was a German-American economist and professor of economics at the University of the City of New York and later the University of Basel.	Karl William Kapp	University of Basel
father	Eliezer Melamed is the son of Rabbi Zalman Baruch Melamed, a student of Rabbi Zvi Yehuda Kook.	Eliezer Melamed	Zalman Baruch Melamed
father	Gunchen Chanyu (aka Junchen Chinese: 單于, 軍臣; r. 161--126 BCE), whose proper name is unknown, was a Chanyu of the Xiongnu, the successor to Laoshang Chanyu (老上單于).	Gunchen Chanyu	Laoshang Chanyu
father	Caracolero was a chestnut horse with a white star and short white socks on his left feet bred in Kentucky by Leslie Combs II. His sire Graustark had a brief but promising racing career before becoming a very successful breeding stallion whose progeny included Prove Out, Key To The Mint, Avatar and Jim French.	Caracolero	Graustark
father	Better Talk Now's sire was Talkin Man, the 1994 Canadian Champion Two-Year-Old Colt who in turn is a son of With Approval, the 1989 Canadian Triple Crown Champion and a Canadian Horse Racing Hall of Fame inductee.	Better Talk Now	Talkin Man
father	Gongsun Yuan was the son of the Han Dynasty warlord Gongsun Kang, who controlled Liaodong, Xuantu, Lelang and Daifang commanderies.	Gongsun Yuan	Gongsun Kang
founder	Mile High Comics is an online retailer and a chain of three Colorado comic book stores founded by Chuck Rozanski in 1969 from his parents' basement in Colorado Springs, Colorado.	Mile High Comics	Chuck Rozanski
founder	Bain Capital was founded in 1984 by Bain & Company partners Mitt Romney, T. Coleman Andrews III, and Eric Kriss, after Bill Bain had offered Romney the chance to head a new venture that would invest in companies and apply Bain's consulting techniques to improve operations.	Bain Capital	Bill Bain
founder	William MacAskill is the Founder and President of 80,000 Hours, the Co-founder and Vice-President of Giving What We Can, and a Research Associate at the Uehiro Centre for Practical Ethics, Oxford University.	80,000 Hours	William MacAskill
founder	Bajaj Group (pronounced: (buh-jaaj)) is an Indian conglomerate founded by Jamnalal Bajaj in 1926, Mumbai.	Bajaj Group	Jamnalal Bajaj
founder	E-Squared Records was a record label founded in 1996 by singer-songwriter and producer Steve Earle and seasoned music executive Jack Emerson.	E-Squared Records	Steve Earle
founder	Konstfack has had several different names since it was founded in 1844 by the ethnologist and artist Nils Månsson Mandelgren as a part-time art school for artisans, under the name ``Söndags-Rit-skola för Handtverkare'' (``Sunday Drawing School for Artisans'').	Konstfack	Nils Månsson Mandelgren
founder	The Diários Associados, or Associated Dailies, are a union of Brazilian communication media created by Assis Chateaubriand.	Diários Associados	Assis Chateaubriand
founder	Lebara was founded in 2001 by Ratheesan Yoganathan, Rasiah Ranjith Leon and Baskaran Kandiah.	Lebara	Ratheesan Yoganathan
founder	Debauve & Gallais is a French chocolate manufacturer founded by Sulpice Debauve in 1800.	Debauve & Gallais	Sulpice Debauve
founder	Sensible Software was formed in Chelmsford, Essex in 1986 by two former school friends, Jon Hare (A.K.A. Jovial Jops) and Chris Yates (A.K.A. Cuddly Krix).	Sensible Software	Jon Hare
founder	Max Myanmar Group of Companies (Burmese: မက်စ်မြန်မာကုမ္ပဏီအုပ်စု) is a Burmese company, known for its ties to the Burmese military owned by a local tycoon, Zaw Zaw.	Max Myanmar	Zaw Zaw
founder	Pictures of the Year International began as a news photography contest in the spring of 1944 when University of Missouri professor Clifton C. Edom and his wife, Vi, founded the First Annual Fifty-Print Exhibition contest.	Pictures of the Year International	Clifton C. Edom
founder	The Foundation for the Preservation of the Mahayana Tradition (FPMT) was founded in 1975 by Lamas Thubten Yeshe and Thubten Zopa Rinpoche, who began teaching Buddhism to Western students in Nepal.	Foundation for the Preservation of the Mahayana Tradition	Thubten Yeshe
founder	Elekta was founded in 1972 by the late Lars Leksell, Professor of Neurosurgery at the Karolinska Institute in Stockholm, Sweden.	Elekta	Lars Leksell
founder	In 1995 Coffee Republic was founded by brother and sister team Bobby and Sahar Hashemi.	Coffee Republic	Sahar Hashemi
founder	The Pōmare Dynasty was the reigning family of the Kingdom of Tahiti between the unification of the island by Pōmare I in 1788 and Pōmare V's cession of the kingdom to France in 1880.	Pōmare Dynasty	Pōmare I
founder	Rogers Wireless was founded by David Margolese, Ted Rogers, Marc Belzberg and Philippe de Gaspé Beaubien.	Rogers Wireless	David Margolese
founder	Four Music (FOUR MUSIC Productions GmbH) is a German record label founded by Die Fantastischen Vier in 1996.	Four Music	Die Fantastischen Vier
founder	Henshaws Society for Blind People (founded in 1837), by Oldham businessman Thomas Henshaw, is a specialist charity providing support, advice and training to anyone affected by sight loss and other disabilities.	Henshaws Society for Blind People	Thomas Henshaw
founder	One of the oldest newspapers still published, it originally appeared as Zürcher Zeitung, edited by Salomon Gessner, on 12 January 1780, and was renamed as Neue Zürcher Zeitung in 1821.	Neue Zürcher Zeitung	Salomon Gessner
founder	G-Force Technologies (formerly Chip Ganassi Racing Ltd.) was an American racing car manufacturer originally formed by Americans Chip Ganassi and Ken Anderson in 1991.	G-Force Technologies	Chip Ganassi	Ken Anderson
founder	Rocket Pictures is a British film company founded in 1996 by Elton John to produce family and music themed film and TV projects.	Rocket Pictures	Elton John
founder	The House of Wessex, also known as the House of Cerdic, refers to the family that initially ruled a kingdom in southwest England known as Wessex, from the 6th century under Cerdic of Wessex until the unification of the Kingdoms of England.	House of Wessex	Cerdic of Wessex
founder	Thorntons is a British chocolate company established by Joseph William Thornton in 1911.	Thorntons	Joseph William Thornton
founder	The National Underwater and Marine Agency (NUMA), originally an organization within the fiction of author Clive Cussler, is a private non-profit organization in the United States.	National Underwater and Marine Agency	Clive Cussler
founder	Chris Montgomery, creator of the Ogg container format, founded the Xiphophorus company and later the Xiph.Org Foundation.	Xiph.Org Foundation	Chris Montgomery
founder	Opeth was formed as a death metal band in the autumn of 1990 in Stockholm, Sweden by vocalist David Isberg.	Opeth	David Isberg
founder	Edge West Productions (also known as Edge West) is an American film and television production company founded by Peabody Award winning producer/director/writer, Philip J Day.	Edge West Productions	Philip J Day
founder	What is now Aid to the Church in Need was founded by Dutch Catholic priest Father Werenfried van Straaten at Christmas 1947 to aid German expellees and refugees fled from or expelled from Eastern Europe in the wake of the Second World War, many of them Catholic.	Aid to the Church in Need	Werenfried van Straaten
founder	The Janata Party (Secular) (Hindi: जनता पार्टी (धर्मनिरपेक्ष)) was an Indian political party founded by Raj Narain in July, 1979.	Janata Party (Secular)	Raj Narain
founder	Meridian Audio is an English manufacturer of high-performance, high-fidelity audio and video components and systems founded in 1977 by Bob Stuart and Allen Boothroyd.	Meridian Audio	Allen Boothroyd
founder	The Scout Association and Girlguiding UK are separate organisations, but were both founded by Robert Baden-Powell and share similar aims and methods.	The Scout Association	Robert Baden-Powell
founder	Signature Creative Inc (Signature CreativeTM) is a Los Angeles-based digital and creative agency founded in 2004 by John Gheur and singer/musician Poe.	Signature Creative	John Gheur	Poe
founder	Quinze & Milan Designers is a Belgian cult design label and manufacturer of designer furniture founded by Belgian conceptual artist Arne Quinze and Yves Milan, who has since left the company, in 1999.	Quinze & Milan	Arne Quinze
founder	Prope Ltd. is an independent video game development studio of famed programmer Yuji Naka.	Prope	Yuji Naka
founder	Raaj Kamal Films International is an Indian film production and distribution company founded and headed by Kamal Haasan.	Raaj Kamal Films International	Kamal Haasan
founder	Blackfish Publishing was founded in late 2006 by Matt Bielby, best known for his work at Future Publishing, also based in Bath, UK, where he worked on Total Film, PC Gamer and SFX.	Blackfish Publishing	Matt Bielby
founder	Founded in 1879 by Carlo Barsotti, who was also the first director, Il Progresso Italo-Americano was a bully pulpit for raising funds for monuments by public subscription in the city of New York.	Il Progresso Italo-Americano	Carlo Barsotti
founder	Handley Page Transport Ltd was an airline company founded in 1919 by Frederick Handley Page in the new era of civil flying after the First World War.	Handley Page Transport	Frederick Handley Page
founder	Rekords Rekords is a record label formed by Josh Homme.	Rekords Rekords	Josh Homme
founder	The lease was approved on 11 June 1948 The city was named Rabwah by then leader of the Ahmadiyya Muslim Community, Hadhrat Mirza Basheer-ud-Din Mahmood Ahmad.	Rabwah	Mirza Basheer-ud-Din Mahmood Ahmad
founder	Clerget-Blin (full name being Société Clerget-Blin et Cie) was a French precision engineering company formed in 1913 by the engineer and inventor Pierre Clerget and industrialist Eugène Blin.	Clerget-Blin	Pierre Clerget
founder	Entertainment Studios is an independent television production and distribution company that was founded by comedian Byron Allen in 1993 under the name CF Entertainment.	Entertainment Studios	Byron Allen
founder	The Society of Divine Vocations, also known as the Vocationist Fathers or by the abbreviation S.D.V., is a religious Congregation of Priests and Brothers founded by Blessed Fr. Justin Russolillo (1891-1955) in Italy.	Vocationist Fathers	Justin Russolillo
founder	In 1893, Charles Montague Cooke (1849--1909) with his brother-in-law Joseph Ballard Atherton and business partner Peter Cushman Jones founded Bank of Hawaii.	Bank of Hawaii	Charles Montague Cooke	Peter Cushman Jones
founder	The Parents Television Council (PTC) is a United States-based censorship advocacy group founded by conservative Catholic activist L. Brent Bozell III in 1995.	Parents Television Council	L. Brent Bozell III
founder	Restless Beings was founded by Rahima Begum and Mabrur Ahmed on 31 October 2007 and launched on 1 May 2008.	Restless Beings	Rahima Begum
founder	Amnesty International was founded in London in 1961, following the publication of the article ``The Forgotten Prisoners'' in The Observer 28 May 1961, by the lawyer Peter Benenson.	Amnesty International	Peter Benenson
founder	The American Taekwondo Association (ATA) was founded in 1969 in Omaha, Nebraska by Haeng Ung Lee of South Korea.	American Taekwondo Association	Haeng Ung Lee
founder	Hotel du Vin is a luxury boutique hotel chain that has sixteen hotels throughout the United Kingdom, co-founded by Gerard Basset and Robin Hutson.	Hotel du Vin	Gerard Basset
founder	Ascot-Pullin Motorcycles was a British motorcycle manufacturer founded by Cyril Pullin as the Ascot Motor and Manufacture Co Ltd at Letchworth, Hertfordshire in 1928.	Ascot-Pullin Motorcycles	Cyril Pullin
founder	DAMS was founded in 1988 by Jean-Paul Driot and former Formula One driver René Arnoux.	DAMS	René Arnoux
founder	The Social Action Party was formed by the more liberal members of the Democrat Party in 1974 under the leadership of Kukrit Pramoj.	Social Action Party	Kukrit Pramoj
founder	Northern Songs Ltd was a limited company founded in 1963, by music publisher Dick James, Brian Epstein, John Lennon and Paul McCartney, to publish songs written by Lennon and McCartney, as well as songs written by George Harrison and Ringo Starr, who were all members of the Beatles.	Northern Songs	Dick James	Brian Epstein	John Lennon
founder	CITIC Group Corporation (Chinese: 中信集团公司; pinyin: Zhōngxìn Jítuán Gōngsī), formerly the China International Trust and Investment Corporation, is a state-owned investment company of the People's Republic of China, established by Rong Yiren in 1979 with the approval of Deng Xiaoping.	CITIC Group	Rong Yiren
founder	Power Jets Ltd was a British company set up by Frank Whittle for the purpose of designing and manufacturing jet engines.	Power Jets	Frank Whittle
founder	The Reich Main Security Office (German: Reichssicherheitshauptamt or RSHA) was an organization subordinate to Heinrich Himmler in his dual capacities as Chef der Deutschen Polizei (Chief of German Police) and Reichsführer-SS, the head of the Nazi Party's Schutzstaffel (SS).	Reich Main Security Office	Heinrich Himmler
founder	Clann Somhairle, sometimes anglicised as Clan Sorley, /ˌklæn ˈsɔrli/ refers to those Scottish and Irish dynasties descending from the famous Norse-Gaelic leader Somerled, King of Mann and the Isles.	Clann Somhairle	Somerled
founder	Wolff Olins was founded in Camden Town, London, in 1965 by designer Michael Wolff and advertising executive Wally Olins.	Wolff Olins	Wally Olins
founder	Tangerine Dream are a German electronic music group founded in 1967 by Edgar Froese.	Tangerine Dream	Edgar Froese
inception	The airline was established in 2003 in San José by Aeropostal Alas de Venezuela as Aeropostal Alas de Centroamerica.	Aeropostal Alas de Centroamerica	2003
inception	The Second Masol Government was created after the Ukrainian parliament had ousted the previous Cabinet of Leonid Kuchma on September 21, 1993.	Second Masol Government	1993
inception	Chengzhi Co., Ltd is a technology company of the People's Republic of China, established on 9 October 1998.	Chengzhi Co., Ltd	1998
inception	The Toronto, Grey and Bruce Railway was chartered in 1868 to build a narrow gauge railway from Toronto to Grey and Bruce Counties in Ontario, Canada.	Toronto, Grey and Bruce Railway	1868
inception	Alpha Industries is an American clothing manufacturer founded in 1959 in Knoxville, Tennessee.	Alpha Industries	1959
inception	The Music Therapy Trust was established in 2005 as a registered Indian society and became the first to introduce clinical music therapy network in India.	The Music Therapy Trust	2005
inception	They would like to conserve the forest, thus, Khlong Wang Chao National Park was gazetted on August 29, 1990 with 747 km2 (288 sq mi) as the 63rd park of Thailand.	Khlong Wang Chao National Park	1990
inception	On 22 June 1940, No. 2 Commando was turned over to parachute duties, and, on 21 November, was re-designated as the 11th Special Air Service (SAS) Battalion and eventually re-designated 1st Parachute Battalion.	No. 2 Commando	1940
inception	Ride for Refuge was started in Canada in 2004, by the Christian missionary organization International Teams Canada.	Ride for Refuge	2004
inception	The Ely Imps was started in 2006 as a choir for a concert with John Rutter conducting and composing music for them.	Ely Imps	2006
inception	The Free Knowledge Institute (FKI) is a not-for-profit organization founded in 2006 in The Netherlands.	Free Knowledge Institute	2006
inception	SM the Ballad (stylized as S.M. THE BALLAD) is a South Korean ballad group formed by S.M. Entertainment in 2010.	SM the Ballad	2010
inception	The four channels launched on November 23, 2011 under the blanket branding Hollywood Suite, with all four channels typically distributed as a single package; the channels were marketed as providing a ``pure, high quality, affordable movie experience''.	Hollywood Suite	2011
inception	The National Memorial was authorized on October 9, 1997, by President Bill Clinton's signing of the Oklahoma City National Memorial Act of 1997.	Oklahoma City National Memorial	1997
inception	The Institutional Missionary Baptist Conference of America is a recent division of the National Missionary Baptist Convention of America, which was formed on November 15, 1988.	Institutional Missionary Baptist Conference of America	1988
inception	Net Impact was founded in 1993 as Students for Responsible Business (SRB).	Net Impact	1993
inception	The company was founded by Count Giovanni Agusta in 1923, who flew his first airplane in 1907.	Agusta	1923
inception	The Institute for Advanced Strategic and Political Studies (IASPS) is an Israel-based think tank with an affiliated office in Washington, D.C. It was founded in 1984 by its president, Professor Robert Loewenberg.	Institute for Advanced Strategic and Political Studies	1984
inception	The Museum of Comparative Zoology was founded in 1859 through the efforts of zoologist Louis Agassiz, and the museum used to be referred to as ``The Agassiz'' after its founder.	Museum of Comparative Zoology	1859
inception	WikiCity Guides began in 2009, and is led by Patrick Lazure and Rohit Keshwani.	WikiCity Guides	2009
inception	Merzouga Rally is a rally raid that takes place in Morocco every year since 2010 at the beginning of October in the big dunes of Merzouga.	Merzouga Rally	2010
inception	Oud-Beijerland was formed in 1559 as ``Beijerland'' by Lamoral, Count of Egmont.	Oud-Beijerland	1559
inception	Musical Youth Theatre Company was an English youth theatre company founded in 1987 in Bath, Somerset in the South West of England.	Musical Youth Theatre Company	1987
inception	The Transgender Day of Remembrance was founded in 1999 by Gwendolyn Ann Smith, a trans woman who is a graphic designer, columnist, and activist, to memorialize the murder of Rita Hester in Allston, Massachusetts.	Transgender Day of Remembrance	1999
inception	The band spent the Fall of 2010 recording their debut album Coke Weed Volume One, which was released the following year.	Coke Weed	2010
inception	Edouard Malingue Gallery is a Hong Kong-based commercial gallery founded by French art dealer Edouard Malingue in 2010 to show emerging and established contemporary artists around the world.	Edouard Malingue Gallery	2010
inception	The Michigan Nature Association is an association in the U.S. state of Michigan which was established in 1952.	Michigan Nature Association	1952
inception	Keshet International was established in 2012 and is led by chief executive officer Alon Shtruzman.	Keshet International	2012
inception	Leprino Foods was founded by James Leprino's father Mike Leprino in 1950 as a family-owned market selling grocery items and handmade cheese in Denver.	Leprino Foods	1950
inception	Our Last Enemy was formed in 2006 by Oliver Fogwell, Jeff Ritchie, and Matt Heywood.	Our Last Enemy	2006
inception	Since 1930 when the company was founded, Mostotrest has completed over 7,500 infrastructure facilities including bridges, foot bridges, tunnels and complex transport interchanges.	Mostotrest	1930
inception	Founded in 2009, Virtual Brokers began as a division of BBS Securities Inc. Virtual Brokers is an online trading service enabling trade execution of equities, options, warrants, bonds, debentures, ETFs and mutual funds.	Virtual Brokers	2009
inception	Necromantia is a Greek black metal band that was founded in 1989 in Athens, Greece.	Necromantia	1989
inception	2007 founding of the band in Taipei 2009 the Funky Brothers participated in the TV program ``Super Band'' 2012 the Funky brothers were the first Taiwanese band to launch a Crowdfunding campaign to finance their first full album.	Funky Brothers	2007
inception	The Premier League Darts is a darts tournament which launched on 20 January 2005 on Sky Sports.	Premier League Darts	2005
inception	Jay Jays is an Australian apparel chain store that was founded in 1993, and is owned and operated by the Just Group.	Jay Jays	1993
inception	The Tajik League is the top division of the Tajikistan Football Federation, it was created in 1992.	Tajik League	1992
inception	Alinma Bank (Arabic: مصرف الإنماء‎) is a Saudi joint stock company formed in accordance with Royal Decree No. M/15 dated 28 March 2006 and Ministerial Resolution No. 42 dated 27 March 2007.	Alinma Bank	2006
inception	Sundance Industries was a firearms manufacturer established in 1989 by Steven Jennings, the nephew of Raven Arms founder George Jennings.	Sundance Industries	1989
inception	Free Comic Book Day started in 2002 and is coordinated by the industry's single large distributor, Diamond Comic Distributors.	Free Comic Book Day	2002
inception	Tutl is a record label of the Faroe Islands, founded in 1977 by the Danish jazz musician and composer Kristian Blak.	Tutl	1977
inception	Topps itself was founded in 1938, but the company can trace its roots back to an earlier firm, American Leaf Tobacco.	Topps	1938
inception	1992 - foundation as FC Vilia Briceni 1994 - renaming in FC Progresul Briceni 1996 - dissolution	Progresul Briceni	1992
inception	After the relocation of ASKÖ Pasching to Klagenfurt, the new club was founded on 16 May 2007 as FC Pasching.	FC Pasching	16 May 2007
inception	Rocketplane Limited, Inc. was incorporated under the laws of the state of Oklahoma on 16 July 2001.	Rocketplane Limited, Inc.	2001
inception	Atlas Genius are an alternative rock band formed in Adelaide, South Australia in November 2009.	Atlas Genius	2009
inception	The AGEUS Award for Individual Contribution began in 2006.	AGEUS Award for Individual Contribution	2006
inception	Bathrooms.com is a UK retailer of bathroom goods, such as baths, sinks and toilets, established in 2004.	Bathrooms.com	2004
inception	OzSpy started with a single store in Brisbane in 1998 and was an immediate success.	OzSpy	1998
inception	Virgin Radio Turkey was launched at Ankara in 2008.	Virgin Radio Turkey	2008
inception	Puressence was a British rock band from Failsworth, Greater Manchester, England, formed in May 1992.	Puressence	1992
inception	This article is about the international Aerospace Journalist of the Year Awards (abbreviated ``AJOYA''), issued from 1996 to 2009-2010 by the World Leadership Forum, Ltd, of London, England, U.K., in conjunction with the Farnborough Air Show (England) and the Paris Air Show (France).	Aerospace Journalist of the Year Awards	1996
inception	Greenery Press was founded in 1991 by author Janet Hardy.	Greenery Press	1991
inception	Sree Vidyanikethan Engineering College was established in 1996 by Sree Vidyanikethan Educational Trust under the stewardship of Mohan Babu, a film artist and former member of Rajya Sabha.The college is situated in lush green and scenic surroundings, 16 km from the famous temple-town of Tirupati.	Sree Vidyanikethan Engineering College	1996
inception	The program took its current form and the name ``Innovations for Successful Societies'' in January 2008.	Innovations for Successful Societies	2008
inception	Granite Bay High School was founded in 1996 and was named a National Blue Ribbon School by the United States Secretary of Education in 2002 and a California Distinguished School in 2007.	Granite Bay High School	1996
inception	Founded in 2001 and launched in 2003, Luggage Free was created in response to new federal regulations requiring all bags to be thoroughly inspected at airports and mounting customer dissatisfaction with commercial airline baggage handling.	Luggage Free	2001
inception	The village of Fevralskoye (Russian: Февра́льское) was founded in February 1896 by settlers from Central Russia; the name was derived from the Russian word ``февраль'' (fevral), meaning ``February''.	Fevralsk	1896
inception	Curl Up and Die, formed in late 1998, was a metalcore band from Las Vegas, Nevada.	Curl Up and Die	1998
inception	Telangana University is a public university located at Dichpally in Nizamabad,Telangana, India, established in 2006 by the government of United Andhra Pradesh.	Telangana University	2006
inception	FleetBoston Financial was a Boston, Massachusetts--based bank created in 1999 by the merger of Fleet Financial Group and BankBoston.	FleetBoston Financial	1999
inception	Gabriel Entertainment (part of Gabriel Group) is a video game developer based in Indianapolis, Indiana, USA, and was founded in 1999 as Gabriel Interactive by Michael Root (president).	Gabriel Entertainment	1999
inception	The Webster was co-founded in 2009 by Laure Hériard-Dubreuil who serves as the company's CEO.	The Webster	2009
inception	The English Electric Company Limited was a British industrial manufacturer formed after the armistice of World War I at the end of 1918.	English Electric	1918
inception	The first Tribal Gathering took place Friday 30 April 1993 at Lower Pertwood Farm, Warminster, Wiltshire, England.	Tribal Gathering	1993
inception	The London Missionary Society was a non-denominational missionary society formed in England in 1795 by evangelical Anglicans and Nonconformists, largely Congregationalist in outlook, with missions in the islands of the South Pacific and Africa.	London Missionary Society	1795
inception	Faasos is an Indian ``food on demand'' company that was incorporated in 2011.	Faasos	2011
inception	Wikitravel was started in July 2003 by Evan Prodromou and Michele Ann Jenkins, partly inspired by Wikipedia.	Wikitravel	July 2003
inception	WPromote was founded in 2001 when Wpromote CEO and founder Mike Mothner was a `student at Dartmouth College.	Wpromote	2001
inception	The Advanced Learning and Research Institute (ALaRI), Faculty of Informatics, was established in 1999 at the University of Lugano (Università della Svizzera italiana, USI) with the mission of promoting research and education in embedded systems.	Advanced Learning and Research Institute	1999
inception	The 16th Alpini Regiment (Italian: 16° Reggimento Alpini) was a short lived (1991-2004) light Infantry training regiment of the Italian Army, specializing in Mountain Combat.	16th Alpini Regiment	1991
inception	The following individuals have served as Bishops of the Southeastern Pennsylvania Synod since its inception in 1988 with the formation of the ELCA:	Southeastern Pennsylvania Synod	1988
inception	Amoi was established in 1997, with the original name of Amoisonic.	Amoi	1997
inception	The Alpha chapter of the Sisterhood of Zeta Omega Eta was started at Trinity College in 2003 by then Sophomore Meghan Boone as part of a project for Tutorial College.	Zeta Omega Eta	2003
inception	PikeView High School was established in 1994 after the consolidation of Athens, Lashmeet/Matoaka, Oakvale, and Spanishburg High Schools.	PikeView High School	1994
inception	The Philippine Science Consortium (PSC), formerly Luzon Science Consortium, was organized by the founding member institutions namely Central Luzon State University (CLSU), Cagayan State University (CSU), and Isabela State University (ISU), known as CLSU-CSU-ISU Science Consortium, on September 17, 1982.	Philippine Science Consortium	1982
inception	Formed in 2003 from a Receivership, PlateSpin refocused its product line and rapidly grew from $0 to $25M in five years.	PlateSpin	2003
inception	Here Comes the Kraken is a Mexican deathcore band from Aguascalientes, Ags., Mexico, formed in 2007.	Here Comes the Kraken	2007
inception	Thomas Jefferson Slave Apartments was a band from Columbus, Ohio active from 1989 to 2000.	Thomas Jefferson Slave Apartments	1989
inception	Located in a former power plant in the Wascana Centre, the Saskatchewan Science Centre was officially opened in April 1989 as the Powerhouse of Discovery.	Saskatchewan Science Centre	1989
inception	In 2005, Pangea3 opened its first office in Mumbai with 35 employees.	Pangea3	2005
inception	History- The Hobart Private Hospital was established in 1999 following the Government of Tasmania's decision to privatise the Queen Alexandria maternity wing attached to the Royal Hobart Hospital.	Hobart Private Hospital	1999
inception	Fanshawe Pioneer Village is an open-air museum established in 1959 and located in the Fanshawe Conservation Area in London, Ontario.	Fanshawe Pioneer Village	1959
inception	Butterz began as a blog in 2007, run by Elijah and Skilliam.	Butterz	2007
inception	Crazy Lixx is a Swedish glam metal band, formed in Malmö, Scania in 2002.	Crazy Lixx	2002
inception	WVBT began operation on March 22, 1993 with Home Shopping Network programming along with infomercials and religious shows.	WVBT	1993
inception	Marconi Communications, the former telecommunications arm of the General Electric Company plc (GEC), was founded in August 1998 through the amalgamation of GEC Plessey Telecommunications (GPT) with other GEC subsidiaries:	Marconi Communications	1998
inception	JetMagic was an Irish airline that operated between 2003 and 2004.	JetMagic	2003
inception	Later known as Radio Trois in the late 70's and Musique 3 in October 1994, the channel's present branding, Musiq'3, was adopted in March 2004 as part of the overall restructuring of RTBF's radio services which took place in that year.	Musiq'3	2004
inception	BodyVox is a dance company based in Portland, Oregon, United States, and was formed in 1997 on commission from the Portland Opera.	BodyVox	1997
inception	Fernandoz is a Swedish dansband formed in 1986 in Vitsand, near Torsby.	Fernandoz	1986
inception	The original Juan Aurich club was founded in 1922, this incarnation however was founded in 2005; they play in the Torneo Descentralizado where they have been playing since attaining promotion when they won the 2007 Copa Perú.	Juan Aurich	2005
inception	The Leicester International Short Film Festival began with humble beginnings back in 1996 using the name, ``Seconds Out''.	Leicester International Short Film Festival	1996
inception	I Fight Dragons was formed in 2008, with five members all hailing from Chicago.	I Fight Dragons	2008
inception	The Société des Forges et Chantiers de la Méditerranée was founded in 1853 by Philip Taylor and subsequently incorporated in 1856 in the newly established joint stock company Société Nouvelle des Forges et Chantiers de la Méditerranée founded by Armand Béhic.	Société Nouvelle des Forges et Chantiers de la Méditerranée	1853
inception	Eletrobras was established in 1962 during João Goulart's presidency.	Eletrobras	1962
inception	The Communist Party of the Galician People (Galician: Partido Comunista do Pobo Galego, PCPG) is a Galician political organization with a communist and independentist ideology founded in 1984.	Communist Party of the Galician People	1984
inception	Umbrello Records Limited launched in 2005 at the Cafe Royal in London.	Umbrello Records	2005
inception	The Dukes of September is an American supergroup, formed in 2010 featuring Donald Fagen, Michael McDonald and Boz Scaggs.	The Dukes of September	2010
inception	The World Steel Association was founded as the International Iron and Steel Institute (IISI) in Brussels, Belgium on 19 October 1967.	World Steel Association	1967
inception	The Democratic National Salvation Front (in Romanian, Frontul Democrat al Salvării Nationale, FDSN) was a Romanian political party formed by then-President Ion Iliescu and his supporters 7 April 1992.	Democratic National Salvation Front	7 April 1992
inception	After standing vacant for four years, the Istanbul 4th Vakıf Han was leased to the company Gap-San Eserler for a lease term of 25 years and monthly payment of 44,000 (approx. US$29,350 as of August 2006) for redevelopment and conversion into a five-star hotel.	Istanbul 4th Vakıf Han	2006
inception	Dave Reeves started Hiwatt and Hylight Electronics in 1966.	Hiwatt	1966
inception	!!! is a dance-punk band that formed in Sacramento, California, in 1996 by lead singer Nic Offer.	!!!	1996
inception	KPTV signed on the air on September 20, 1952, as Oregon's first television station.	KPTV	1952
inception	Hurtan Desarrollos S.L. is a Spanish Automobile manufacturer, started in 1991 by Juan Hurtado González.	Hurtan	1991
inception	The Gramin Bank of Aryavart (Hindi: ग्रामीण बैंक ऑफ आर्यावर्त) (Urdu: اریارت گرامین بنک‎) (GBA) is a Regional Rural Bank (RRB) in Uttar Pradesh established in 2013.	Gramin Bank of Aryavart	2013
inception	The NGO Santé Diabète was created in 2001, by Stephane Besançon current CEO of the organization.	Santé Diabète	2001
inception	The Philadelphia Fury are an American soccer team that competes the American Soccer League (ASL) after being purchased by former MLS Assistant Coach and ASL CEO, Matt Driver in February 2014.	Philadelphia Fury	2014
inception	Lawton Chiles High School was established in 1999 and is the newest public high school in the Leon County school district.	Lawton Chiles High School	1999
inception	Antinea Airlines was a passenger and cargo airline based in Algiers Houari Boumedienne Airport, Algeria that was founded in June 1999.	Antinea Airlines	1999
inception	The Nikon D3 is a 12.0-megapixel professional-grade full frame (35 mm) digital single lens reflex camera (DSLR) announced by the Nikon Corporation on 23 August 2007 along with the Nikon D300 DX format camera.	Nikon D3	2007
inception	The University of Queensland Debating Society was officially established in 1960; however debating has been present at the University of Queensland since its formation in 1909.	University of Queensland Debating Society	1960
inception	Founded in 1994, CinnaGen currently manufactures more than 42 products and distributes more than 120 different laboratory diagnostic reagents for in vitro use.	CinnaGen	1994
inception	The Stoom Stichting Nederland (SSN) is a railway museum in Rotterdam, Netherlands, founded in 1976.	Stoom Stichting Nederland	1976
inception	Boston Pizza began in Edmonton, Alberta, on August 12, 1964, when a Greek immigrant, Gus Agioritis, opened Boston Pizza and Spaghetti House.	Boston Pizza	1964
inception	QuietMan, founded in 1995 by award-winning Creative Director Johnnie Semerad, is a creative collective specializing in visual effects for the advertising and entertainment industries.	QuietMan	1995
inception	Sophia Academy was founded in 1999 with 11 students by Maria Corrigan.	Sophia Academy	1999
inception	The Socialist Republican Union (French: Union socialiste républicaine, USR) was a political party in France founded in 1935 during the late Third Republic which united the right-wing of the French Section of the Workers' International.	Socialist Republican Union	1935
inception	The National Scenic Area was established by Public Law 100-499, known as the ``Winding Stair Mountain National Recreation Area and Wilderness Area Act'', designating about 400 acres (160 ha) as the Beech Creek Botanical Area in 1988, and was expanded and designated Beech Creek National Scenic Area in 2007.	Beech Creek National Scenic Area	1988
inception	Lasan (Hindi: लसन) is an award-winning Indian restaurant located in St Paul's Square, Jewellery Quarter, Birmingham, England, and was co-founded by Aktar Islam and Jabbar Khan in 2002.	Lasan	2002
inception	In 1998, Crooked Lettaz signed to independent label, Penalty Recordings.	Crooked Lettaz	1998
inception	The China Council for the Promotion of International Trade (CCPIT simplified Chinese: 中国国际贸易促进委员会; traditional Chinese: 中國國際貿易促進委員會; pinyin: Zhōngguó Guójì Màoyì Cùjìn Wěiyuánhuì) is a trade body of the Chinese government founded in 1952.	China Council for the Promotion of International Trade	1952
inception	In 1986, the company opened its first large-scale grocery store in Moncton, New Brunswick, using the name The Real Atlantic Superstore.	Atlantic Superstore	1986
inception	The Households Party (Icelandic: Flokkur Heimilanna) is a union of eight smaller right-wing parties, formed to participate in the 2013 parliamentary election.	Households Party	2013
inception	Van Diemen was founded in 1973 by Ross Ambrose and Ralph Firman Sr., whose children Marcos Ambrose, Ralph Firman Jr. and Natasha Firman have since gone on to have successful racing careers.	Van Diemen	1973
inception	The Religious Technology Center (RTC) is a California non-profit corporation that was founded in 1982 by the Church of Scientology to control and oversee the use of all of the trademarks, symbols and texts of Scientology and Dianetics.	Religious Technology Center	1982
inception	Namgar Lhasaranova performed solo or with modern groups at local and international venues since 1980 in a variety of genres including traditional songs, jazz and pop. It was in 2001 in Moscow that she and Evgeny Zolotarev (also spelled Zolotaryov) created a permanent group inviting Mongolian musicians Kh.	Namgar	2001
inception	Finally in 1991, the realization of yet another dream came to pass when Karen and her sister, Susan, with Karen's husband Rickey, organized the musical entourage of Karen Peck and New River.	Karen Peck and New River	1991
inception	Turbulence Records debut release was the 2005 club hit by Paradise.	Turbulence Records	2005
inception	The Roland Robinson Literary Award was created in 1992 in memory of the Australian poet, Roland Robinson.	Roland Robinson Literary Award	1992
inception	The Lisbon Christmas tree is an Artificial Christmas tree erected annually in Lisbon, Portugal since 2004.	Lisbon Christmas tree	2004
inception	Lulz Security, commonly abbreviated as LulzSec, was a black hat computer hacking group that claimed responsibility for several high profile attacks, including the compromise of user accounts from Sony Pictures in 2011.	LulzSec	2011
inception	Caspian Telecom LLC is an Azerbaijan-based telecommunications company founded in 1997.	Caspian Telecom	1997
inception	The Moselle Open (Open de Moselle from 2003 to 2010) is a professional tennis tournament played on indoor hard courts.	Moselle Open	2003
inception	Nidderau was created in the merger of the municipality of Heldenbergen with the town of Windecken on January 1, 1970.	Nidderau	1970
inception	Mainsoft is a software company, founded in 1993, that develops interoperability software products for Microsoft Windows and Linux/Unix platforms.	Mainsoft	1993
inception	The Antarctic Treaty Secretariat is an organization created in 2003 by the Antarctic Treaty Consultative Meeting (ATCM) for the management of several ATCM tasks such as the support of the annual meeting of signatory countries of the Antarctic Treaty, and the publication of the ATCM annual report.	Antarctic Treaty Secretariat	2003
inception	Tor Line begun passenger operations in 1966 and freight operations in 1969.	Tor Line	1966
inception	Avalanch is a Spanish heavy/ progressive metal band formed in Asturias in 1993.	Avalanch	1993
inception	In 1972 Günther Fielmann established an optometry shop in Cuxhaven.	Fielmann	1972
inception	Formed in 2001 by AFI Award-winning producer and director Ian Darling, Shark Island Productions creates extensive education, outreach and community engagement campaigns with its films.	Shark Island Productions	2001
inception	In 1985, MGH Institute of Health Professions was re-constituted as a separate corporation from Massachusetts General Hospital.	MGH Institute of Health Professions	1985
inception	Eurojet Romania SRL was established in 2004 when The Rompetrol Group decided to create its own Aviation Division.	Eurojet Romania	2004
inception	Jersey Live Music Festival (alternatively Jersey Live) is a music festival held annually at The Royal Jersey Showground in the parish of Trinity, Jersey since 2004.	Jersey Live	2004
inception	Information and Communications University (ICU), established in 1998, was a Korean university focused primarily on research and engineering in the field of information technology.	Information and Communications University	1998
inception	The Society of the Muslim Brothers (Arabic: جماعة الإخوان المسلمين‎), shortened to the Muslim Brotherhood (الإخوان المسلمون al-Ikhwān al-Muslimūn), is a transnational Sunni Islamist organization founded in Egypt by Islamic scholar and schoolteacher Hassan al-Banna in 1928.	Muslim Brotherhood	1928
inception	Completed in 2005, Town Center Park is also home to Wilsonville's first interactive water feature.	Town Center Park	2005
inception	In 1997, Jacek Kozlowski laid the groundwork for Artoffact Records.	Artoffact Records	1997
inception	The Vaishnava Center for Enlightenment (founded 1994) is an organization based in East Lansing, Michigan.	Vaishnava Center for Enlightenment	1994
inception	Vidyasagar Mahavidyalaya, established in 1998, is an undergraduate college in Masat of Hooghly district, West Bengal, India.	Vidyasagar Mahavidyalaya	1998
inception	Created in 1989 by Philip Israilevich and Geoffrey J.D. Hewings, the Regional Economics Applications Laboratory (REAL) at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign started as a cooperative venture between the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago and the University of Illinois.	Regional Economics Applications Laboratory	1989
inception	Breakfast with Amy was an Alternative Christian rock band that formed in 1986 in La Habra, California at the La Habra Four-Square church.	Breakfast with Amy	1986
inception	The Independence Institute was founded in 1985 by John Andrews, a former Republican state legislator from Colorado.	Independence Institute	1985
inception	Papa Wheelie is a punk rock/heavy metal supergroup formed in 1996 by former Metallica bassist Jason Newsted.	Papa Wheelie	1996
inception	The Kenya Human Rights Commission (KHRC) is a non-government organisation founded in 1992 and registered in 1994.	Kenya Human Rights Commission	1992
inception	SA First was a South Australian political party formed in 1999 by dissident Labor Member of Parliament Terry Cameron.	SA First	1999
inception	Stockholm Records is a Swedish subsidiary of Universal Music Group, founded in 1992, and known for signing musicians such as Army of Lovers and E-Type.	Stockholm Records	1992
inception	Gator's Dockside is a Florida-themed restaurant, started by brothers Tony and Paul Cipparone and friend John Foerst in May 1991.	Gator's Dockside	1991
inception	Amalgamated Association of Iron and Steel Workers (commonly known as the AA) was an American labor union formed in 1876 to represent iron and steel workers.	Amalgamated Association of Iron and Steel Workers	1876
inception	CPU Research Center (officially, Central Philippine University Research Center or University Research Center), is one of the research centers of Central Philippine University and an integral part of the University's Outreach Center, though it was created in June 1998 as a separate center.	CPU Research Center	1998
inception	Arena Racing Company, also called ARC Racing and Leisure Group is a UK private company, created in 2012 by the merger of Arena Leisure and Northern Racing.	Arena Racing Company	2012
inception	Springman Records is an independent record label founded in 1998 by Avi Ehrlich that was run out of his parent's garage in Cupertino, California until late 2005, when Ehrlich moved the label to Sacramento.	Springman Records	1998
inception	The Great March for Climate Action (also known as the Climate March) was launched on March 1, 2013 by former Iowa lawmaker Ed Fallon, inspired after meeting with Bill McKibben.	Great March for Climate Action	2013
inception	The Pentax K-3 II is a flagship APS-C DSLR camera announced by Ricoh on April 22, 2015.	Pentax K-3 II	2015
inception	The Ernies were formed in 1994 by four students of Virginia Commonwealth University:	The Ernies	1994
inception	Galneryus is a Japanese power metal band, formed in Osaka in 2001 by guitarist Syu and vocalist Yama-B. Originally the only official members, the two utilized several support musicians until bassist Tsui, keyboardist Yuhki, and drummer Jun-ichi officially joined for the release of their debut album in 2003.	Galneryus	2001
inception	Siam Shade (stylized as SIAM SHADE) is a five-piece Japanese rock band, formed in Tokyo in 1991.	Siam Shade	1991
inception	Halla University is a private Korean University created in 1995 and located in Wonju.	Halla University	1995
inception	Opera Gold was formed in 2004 by classical singing teacher Nan Christie, who directs and produces with student specialists (from Drama or Art).	Opera Gold	2004
inception	In 1991, the SEO merged with the PLM Open, with the resultant tournament being called the Scandinavian Masters.	Scandinavian Masters	1991
inception	The Ottawa District Badminton Association came into being Friday January 10, 1930 when a meeting of 11 of the regional clubs met to form a governing body to control local badminton affairs.	Ottawa District Badminton Association	1930
inception	J. Walter Thompson traces its origins to the Carlton & Smith agency, which opened its doors in 1864, one of the first known advertising agencies in the United States.	J. Walter Thompson	1864
inception	The Empire Shall Fall is a band formed by Jesse Leach with friends in 2008.	The Empire Shall Fall	2008
inception	Geologicheskaya (Russian: Геологическая) is a station of the Yekaterinburg Metro which was opened on 30 December 2002.	Geologicheskaya	2002
inception	Mega City Four were formed in 1987 and the band's career started with performing gigs around their local town of Farnborough before making their vinyl debut in September 1987 with ``Miles Apart''/``Running In Darkness''.	Mega City Four	1987
inception	The Gold Medal of Military Valour (Italian: Medaglia d'oro al Valore Militare) is an Italian medal established on 21 May 1793 by King Victor Amadeus III of Sardinia ``....	Gold Medal of Military Valour	21 May 1793
inception	Lankenau Small Media Network, who owned WDFM-FM 98.1, established WDFM-LP in 1992 on channel 19, as W19BN.	WDFM-LP	1992
inception	The Jersey Surf Drum and Bugle Corps was started in the winter of 1990 in Camden County, New Jersey by a group of area school band directors, led by Bob Jacobs, who wanted more performance opportunities for their students than halftime shows during football season.	Jersey Surf Drum and Bugle Corps	1990
inception	PARC Management was formed in 2002 to selectively acquire and operate entertainment facilities and parks; it was organized around the operating philosophy and business model initially established by the management team during the development of Alfa SmartParks, Inc., which became the tenth largest theme and water park operator in the world.	PARC Management	2002
inception	The origins of ZB Bank Limited can be traced back to 1951.	ZB Bank Limited	1951
inception	The first World Marathon Challenge was held in 2015, beginning in Antarctica on January 17, 2015, and ending in Sydney.	World Marathon Challenge	2015
inception	Girl Monstar were an all female Australian rock band which formed 1988 with the line-up of Damian Child on bass guitar;	Girl Monstar	1988
inception	The project behind SmartGov.co was started by Nathan Boublil, Elliott Verreault and Agastya Muthanna at the University of Cambridge in November 2012.	SmartGov	2012
inception	Anime Evolution was originally known as Anime Showcase, and was held in 1998 by the SFU ARC club.	Anime Evolution	1998
inception	St. Clair Entertainment Group was founded in 1985 as a distributor of music special products in Canada.	St. Clair Entertainment Group	1985
inception	Provisions Library was founded in 2001 as a project of the GAEA Foundation.	Provisions Library	2001
inception	L'Arc-en-Ciel (``The Rainbow'' in French, stylized as L'Arc~en~Ciel) is a Japanese rock band, founded in Osaka in 1991.	L'Arc-en-Ciel	1991
inception	The Bianca Story is a Swiss indiepop quintet, formed in 2006 in Basel.	The Bianca Story	2006
inception	SAE India was formed in India in 1994-95 with Dr. Pawan Goenka, appointed as advisor for India.	SAE India	1994
inception	The Rendez-vous du cinéma québécois is a festival created in 1982 to celebrate the cinematographic production of Quebec, Canada.	Rendez-vous du cinéma québécois	1982
inception	While subsequent conferences were organized on a regular basis the official formation of the Hungarian Operations Research Society (HORS) dates to 1991.	Hungarian Operations Research Society	1991
inception	The Emirates Literature Foundation was established in 2013 by royal decree issued by His Highness Sheikh Mohammed Bin Rashid Al Maktoum, Vice-President and Prime Minister of the United Arab Emirates and Ruler of Dubai, to promote literacy and foster an encouraging environment for literature enthusiasts.	Emirates Literature Foundation	2013
inception	Following British reoccupation in 1898, Kurdufan was added to the number of provinces of the Sudan.	Kurdufan	1898
inception	Two Old Men Eating Soup (Spanish: Dos viejos comiendo sopa) or The Witchy Brew (Spanish: Dos Brunjas) one of the so-called Black Paintings created by Francisco Goya between 1819--23.	Two Old Men Eating Soup	1819
inception	The Uhrenmuseum zum Rösli is a small horological museum in Zurich, Switzerland that was founded in 2006.	Uhrenmuseum zum Rösli	2006
inception	Giant Center replaced the Hersheypark Arena as the Bears' home venue in 2002.	Giant Center	2002
inception	Mkhitar Sebastatsi Educational Complex is public school in Malatia-Sebastia District of Yerevan, Armenia, founded in 1989 by the Ministry of Education of the Armenian SSR, and based on the educational plan initiated by Ashot Bleyan.	Mkhitar Sebastatsi Educational Complex	1989
inception	Synon Ltd was founded in London in 1984 by Simon Williams (CEO), Melinda Horton (COO) and Nick Knowles (CTO) with the objective of developing an application generator for the IBM System/38 platform.	Synon	1984
inception	The Pacific Science Center is a science museum located in Seattle, Washington and designed by Minoru Yamasaki for the 1962 World's Fair in Seattle.	Pacific Science Center	1962
inception	Four Year Strong is an American pop punk/melodic hardcore band from Worcester, Massachusetts, formed in 2001.	Four Year Strong	2001
inception	The John Wilson Orchestra was formed by British orchestral conductor John Wilson in 1994.	John Wilson Orchestra	1994
inception	The band formed in 1992 after Zumpano and Ledwidge dissolved their band 'Glee', which they felt was ``artistically impure'' despite beginning to enjoy some success.	Zumpano	1992
inception	The Captain James A. Lovell Federal Health Care Center (FHCC), opened Oct. 1, 2010, and is the United States' first federal health care center that partners the United States Department of Veterans Affairs and the Department of Defense into a single, fully integrated federal health care facility.	Captain James A. Lovell Federal Health Care Center	2010
inception	Thohoyandou became the capital of Venda when Venda was declared a republic in 1979, and Thovhele ´Mphephu became the President of the Republic of Venda.	Thohoyandou	1979
inception	The Big Apple Anime Fest (BAAF) was an anime convention which was held annually between 2001 and 2003 and supported by a consortium of anime and manga companies.	Big Apple Anime Fest	2001
inception	The KIIT School of Computer Application, established in 1997, focuses on contemporary and cutting-edge computer applications.	KIIT School of Computer Application	1997
inception	Kangaride is a private Canadian company founded in 2006 that provides a ridesharing platform for posting and booking long-distance rides in North America.	Kangaride	2006
inception	VoiceObjects was founded in 2001 by Karl-Heinz Land and a team of six co-founders (Georg Arens, Michael Codini, Jörg Schulz, Christoph Sieberz, Georg R. Steimel and Tiemo Winterkamp) as OneBridge software just outside downtown Cologne, Germany.	VoiceObjects	2001
inception	CEBRA was founded in Århus in 2001 by the architects Mikkel Frost, Carsten Primdahl and Kolja Nielsen.	CEBRA	2001
inception	The painting represents a late Pre-Raphaelitism, when life was untarnished by World War I. Stitching the Standard is probably listed as The Device by Leighton's biographer Alfred Yockney among the pictures from 1911.	Stitching the Standard	1911
inception	The Seattle Majestics also won the IWFL's Northwest Division title six times, in 2003-2005 and again from 2007-2009.	Seattle Majestics	2003
inception	Nex Aviation was a charter airline, based in Galway, Ireland, which began operations on 1 July 2007, using two former Flightline BAe 146-200.	Nex Aviation	2007
inception	The Wonder Stuff were formed on 19 March 1986.	The Wonder Stuff	1986
inception	Lenny Valentino was a dream pop band from Mysłowice, Poland formed in 1998.	Lenny Valentino	1998
inception	In 1831, one of the first forts of the Black Sea Coastal Line was set up at Gelendzhik.	Gelendzhik	1831
inception	While Pathfinder International was originally incorporated as The Pathfinder Fund in 1957, their family planning work began in the late 1920s when Pathfinder founder, Clarence Gamble, heir of the Procter & Gamble soap company fortune, supported efforts to introduce contraception to women and couples in the United States and 60 other countries.	Pathfinder International	1957
inception	The Philippine Greens is a group of activists in the Philippines who formally organized themselves on November 30, 1996, with what they called the ``Green worldview'' as their basis of unity.	Philippine Greens	1996
inception	Aspire TV is an Australian advertorial datacasting channel launched on 21 May 2013.	Aspire TV	2013
inception	Elite Model Look Serbia is an annual fashion modeling contest held by Forma Viva Model Management since 1996.	Elite Model Look Serbia	1996
inception	Sports Radio 88.9 Brila FM also known as Brila FM is a sports radio station founded on October 1, 2002 by Larry Izamoje as Nigeria's first and only sports radio station.	Brila FM	2002
inception	Founded in 1992, Woman Made Gallery has hosted a total of 322 exhibitions, 174 of which were group shows, 109 solo or invitational shows, 40 Artisan Gallery exhibitions, and eleven of which were off-site shows.	Woman Made Gallery	1992
inception	The Dead Texan (Kranky Records, 2004)	The Dead Texan	2004
inception	S.E.N.S. is a Japanese new age instrumental group formed in 1988, originally with two members.	S.E.N.S.	1988
inception	Founded in 1998, Woods Charter School is a North Carolina public charter school, serving approximately 500 students from kindergarten through twelfth grade.	Woods Charter School	1998
inception	The inaugural Fashion Rocks event was held at the Royal Albert Hall on October 15, 2003.	Fashion Rocks	2003
inception	Since 1994, Leave No Trace Center For Outdoor Ethics, a non-profit organization also known as Leave No Trace, exists to educate people about their recreational impact on nature as well as the principles of Leave No Trace to prevent and minimize such impacts.	Leave No Trace	1994
inception	The Vancouver Police Museum (formerly Vancouver Police Centennial Museum) opened to commemorate the centennial of the Vancouver Police Department and the City of Vancouver, British Columbia in 1986.	Vancouver Police Museum	1986
inception	Rajiv Gandhi University (RGU) (Hindi: राजीव गांधी विश्वविद्यालय) earlier known as Arunachal University, established in 1984, is the oldest university in the Indian state of Arunachal Pradesh.	Rajiv Gandhi University	1984
inception	Swindon FM was a Local DAB radio station broadcasting to Swindon between 2003 and 2006, previously it broadcast as Swindon 107FM for two trial broadcasts in 2001 and 2002.	Swindon FM	2003
inception	Network Computing Devices (NCD) was a company founded in 1987 to produce a new class of products now known as a ``thin client''.	Network Computing Devices	1987
inception	The Cheyenne Mountain Zoo was founded in 1926 by philanthropist Spencer Penrose to house his growing collection of exotic animals.	Cheyenne Mountain Zoo	1926
inception	Collegium 1704 is a Czech early music orchestra and choir founded in 1991 by the Czech conductor, harpsichordist and horn player Václav Luks.	Collegium 1704	1991
inception	1986 Girls Under Glass were founded by Thomas Lücke (singer), Hauke Harms (electronics & keyboards) and Zaphor aka Volker Zacharias (guitars) as an offshoot of the gothic rock formation Calling Dead Red Roses.	Girls Under Glass	1986
inception	Viva Machine were a Welsh Rock band who started out in 2003 under the name Ipsofacto before changing their name and reinventing themselves in 2006 under the name Viva Machine, and later in 2008 adding a second guitarist and synth player Justin Hendy.	Viva Machine	2003
inception	Václav Havel Prize for Creative Dissent is an award established in 2012 by the New York City-based Human Rights Foundation (HRF).	Václav Havel Prize for Creative Dissent	2012
inception	Softcat is a Marlow-based IT infrastructure provider founded by Peter Kelly in 1993.	Softcat	1993
inception	Hunt's is the name of a brand of preserved tomato products owned by ConAgra Foods, Inc. The company was founded in 1888, in Sebastopol, California, as the Hunt Bros. Fruit Packing Co. by Joseph and William Hunt.	Hunt's	1888
inception	Hogar 10 was a channel of the Spanish Digital Terrestrial Television and replaced Telehit emissions starting 31 July 2007 at 20:30 pm with the first program ``Hoy cocinas tú'' (You cook today), presented by Eva Arguiñano.	Hogar 10	31 July 2007
inception	Lili Fatale is a Canadian pop music group from Quebec formed in 1997.	Lili Fatale	1997
inception	In November 2007, Cargoair was established as a General Sales Agent representative of the Belarusian cargo airline Ruby Star, offering to its customers logistics services with Antonov An-12 and Ilyushin Il-76 aircraft.	Cargoair	2007
inception	SPORT.TV2 started its broadcast in 2006, being the second channel of the SPORT TV brand.	SPORT.TV2	2006
inception	Premier Sports was formed in 2009 by the Irish businessman Michael O'Rourke, a joint CEO and part owner of Setanta Sports and former director of Premium Sports.	Premier Sports	2009
inception	FK Panerys Vilnius is a defunct Lithuanian football club from the capital Vilnius, which was founded in 1975.	FK Panerys Vilnius	1975
inception	Heggbach Abbey also possessed the right to dispense low justice from at least 1429 in Sulmingen and in Baustetten from 1491.	Heggbach Abbey	1429
inception	MK Airlines Ltd. was a cargo airline from Ghana (registered in the United Kingdom from 2006 onwards, with its headquarters in Hartfield, East Sussex), which was operational between 1990 and 2010, concentrating on freight services to and from Africa.	MK Airlines	1990
inception	The Wetaskiwin and District Heritage Museum has been incorporated as a non-profit society since May 1986.	Wetaskiwin and District Heritage Museum	1986
inception	Founded in 1949, the Comité Para regards itself as the originator of the modern skeptical movement.	Comité Para	1949
inception	Five O'Clock Charlie was a Canadian pop/rock band that was formed in 2001 in Edmonton.	Five O'Clock Charlie	2001
inception	Harvey Danger began in 1992 with University of Washington classmates Jeff Lin and Aaron Huffman deciding ``it might be fun to start a band.''	Harvey Danger	1992
inception	KLA-Tencor was formed in 1997 through the merger of KLA Instruments and Tencor Instruments, two companies in the semiconductor equipment and yield management systems industry.	KLA-Tencor	1997
inception	Disney's Pop Century Resort is a resort located at the Walt Disney World Resort in Lake Buena Vista, Florida, opened on December 14, 2003.	Disney's Pop Century Resort	2003
inception	The Zanussi Company began as the small workshop of Antonio Zanussi in 1916.	Zanussi	1916
inception	De La Tierra is a Latin American metal supergroup formed in late 2012 by Brazilian guitarist Andreas Kisser (of Sepultura), Argentine singer/guitarist Andrés Giménez (of A.N.I.M.A.L.) Argentine Bassist Sr. Flavio (of Los Fabulosos Cadillacs) and Cuban,Colombian, Mexican drummer Alex González (of Maná).	De La Tierra	2012
inception	Iguana Lovers is an Argentine rock band that formed in 1990 in Buenos Aires, Argentina, by Ariel Soriano (guitars and vocals), Ivan Mirabal (guitars)and Javier Accossatto (bass).	Iguana Lovers	1990
inception	Colorado Community Church was established in 1993 by Dr. Mark Brewer.	Colorado Community Church	1993
inception	Ultrachronic was formed in 2004 by D. Scott Morris and DB Mack in the makeshift recording studio in D. Scott's house.	Ultrachronic	2004
inception	The Chhatrapati Shahu Ji Maharaj University Kanpur was established in 1966 as Kanpur University when Agra University split into Agra and Kanpur universities.	Chhatrapati Shahu Ji Maharaj University	1966
inception	With the act of 28 May 1970, the Vrije Universiteit Brussel and the Université libre de Bruxelles officially became two separate legal, administrative and scientific entities.	Université libre de Bruxelles	28 May 1970
inception	Asgaroth was a black metal band from Barcelona, Spain formed in 1995.	Asgaroth	1995
inception	Army Group H (Heeresgruppe H) was a German army group in the Netherlands and in Nordrhein-Westfalen during World War II. Army Group H (for Holland) was activated on November 11, 1944 in the Netherlands.	Army Group H	1944
inception	The IBM Award was an award given out to National Basketball Association players from 1984 to 2002.	IBM Award	1984
inception	Accademia Italiana Thailand is fashion and design institute founded in 2006 in Bangkok.	Accademia Italiana Thailand	2006
inception	Friends of the Los Angeles River (FoLAR) is a 501(c) 3 non-profit organization founded in California in 1986, whose mission is to protect and restore the natural and historic heritage of the Los Angeles River and its riparian habitat.	Friends of the Los Angeles River	1986
inception	Ivan's sons, Mate and Frank, had become involved, and they set up the company Montana Wines in 1961.	Montana Wines	1961
inception	They released their debut album XTRMST in 2014 on Steve Aoki's Dim Mak Records.	XTRMST	2014
inception	The Coopérative de Transport Maritime et Aérien (CTMA) is a Canadian transportation company, formed in 1944 to provide maritime and air links to the Magdalen Islands, Quebec.	Coopérative de Transport Maritime et Aérien	1944
inception	ABC Records was an American record label, founded in New York City in 1955 as ABC-Paramount Records.	ABC Records	1955
inception	Founded in 1989, the Galerie Patrick Seguin is an art gallery and exhibition space located in Paris's La Bastille district.	Galerie Patrick Seguin	1989
inception	The Defence Procurement Agency was established on April 1, 1999, after the announcement in the Strategic Defence Review of a specialised agency to succeed the MoD Procurement Executive.	Defence Procurement Agency	1999
inception	In 1999, Danny Wilson and Ben Lim founded Pixelmetrix Corporation in Singapore as a privately held limited company, recruiting Tom Orlowski and Hideki Takahashi to complete the start-up team.	Pixelmetrix	1999
inception	Antoine Lussier and Sebastien Chaput formed Ion Dissonance during the late summer of 2001 with the intention of creating metal that was more complex and daring than what they have done before.	Ion Dissonance	2001
inception	Solomon Airlines was established in 1962 as a charter airline by Laurie Crowley.	Solomon Airlines	1962
inception	Look TV is a generalist television channel from Romania, launched on February 14, 2012.	Look TV	2012
inception	The Republic of Upper Volta (French: République de Haute-Volta) was a landlocked west-African country established on December 11, 1958, as a self-governing colony within the French Community.	Republic of Upper Volta	1958
inception	Eritrean People's Liberation Front (EPLF), later (from 1994) People's Front for Democracy and Justice, secessionist movement that successfully fought for the creation of an independent Eritrean nation out of the northernmost province of Ethiopia in 1993.	People's Front for Democracy and Justice	1994
inception	Ensemble 96 was founded in 1996, and had its beginnings in the (now defunct) Oslo Philharmonic Chamber Choir.	Ensemble 96	1996
inception	Ticonderoga Publications is an Australian independent publishing house founded by Russell B. Farr in 1996 and now run by Farr and Liz Grzyb.	Ticonderoga Publications	1996
inception	Casting Crowns is a contemporary Christian and Christian rock band started in 1999 by youth pastor Mark Hall, who serves as the band's lead vocalist, as part of a youth group at First Baptist Church in Downtown Daytona Beach, Florida.	Casting Crowns	1999
inception	LaFace Records was an American record label that operated as a unit of Sony Music Entertainment and was historically a part of Bertelsmann Music Group from 1989 to 2004.	LaFace Records	1989
inception	With Pryor's help, he recorded and released Reggie and the Full Effect's first album Greatest Hits 1984-1987 in 1998 on Second Nature Recordings.	Reggie and the Full Effect	1998
inception	Kraken Rum was introduced in 2010.	Kraken Rum	2010
inception	The Society for Private Musical Performances (in German, the Verein für musikalische Privataufführungen) was an organization founded in Vienna in the Autumn of 1918 by Arnold Schoenberg with the intention of making carefully rehearsed and comprehensible performances of newly composed music available to genuinely interested members of the musical public.	Society for Private Musical Performances	1918
inception	Rotting Christ is a Greek extreme metal band formed in 1987.	Rotting Christ	1987
inception	Owned and operated as a not-for-profit by the Southern Ohio Copperheads Limited Partners, the team began play during the summer of 2002.	Southern Ohio Copperheads	2002
inception	The Spacey Awards (also referred to as The Spaceys) was an annual award presented by the Canadian cable network Space from 2003--2007.	Spacey Awards	2003
inception	Lye By Mistake were an experimental metal band from St. Louis, Missouri that formed in 2004.	Lye By Mistake	2004
inception	Trzynasta w Samo Południe, is a Polish rock band formed in 2009.	Trzynasta w Samo Południe	2009
inception	The original construction permit for the station was granted on July 1, 1983, and the WLKZ call letters were assigned on October 11; it took to the air on February 1, 1985, and a license to cover was granted on June 4, 1985.	WLKZ	1985
inception	It gained independence from South Africa on 21 March 1990, following the Namibian War of Independence.	Namibia	1990
inception	The Grammy Award for Best Male Rap Solo Performance was an honor presented to male recording artists at the 45th Grammy Awards in 2003 and the 46th Grammy Awards in 2004 for quality rap solo performances.	Grammy Award for Best Male Rap Solo Performance	2003
inception	Founded in 2009, Aaltoes has become synonymous to the rapid emergence of startup culture in Finland in 2008-2011.	Aaltoes	2009
inception	The Pavel Haas Quartet is a Czech string quartet which was founded in 2002.	Pavel Haas Quartet	2002
inception	Founded as an architecture school in 1956, the school grew into an interdisciplinary and technological research institution, University of America emphasizes quality over size, concentrating on a core of academic disciplines with a strong reputation in engineering and applied sciences.	University of America	1956
inception	Vodafone Faroe Islands is a Faroese telecommunications company, which started in October 2000.	Vodafone Faroe Islands	October 2000
inception	Hatchet Job of the Year is a British journalism award given annually since 2012 to ``the writer of the angriest, funniest, most trenchant book review of the past twelve months''.	Hatchet Job of the Year	2012
inception	The Red Elvises were founded in 1995 by Igor Yuzov and Oleg Bernov, two Russians living in Los Angeles, California.	Red Elvises	1995
inception	Squint Entertainment was a record label owned by Word Entertainment, started in 1997 and run by musician and songwriter Steve Taylor.	Squint Entertainment	1997
inception	First Boston Corporation was a New York-based, bulge bracket, investment bank, founded in 1932 and acquired by Credit Suisse in 1990.	First Boston	1932
inception	Queens of the Stone Age is an American rock band from Palm Desert, California, United States, formed in 1996.	Queens of the Stone Age	1996
inception	FC Elista was founded in 2005 following the dissolution of its predecessor, FC Uralan Elista.	FC Elista	2005
inception	Ottakar's was a chain of bookshops in the United Kingdom founded in 1987 by James Heneage.	Ottakar's	1987
inception	Tomilino was officially founded in 1894 by merchant Tomilin as a suburban settlement where he built his own house.	Tomilino	1894
inception	Harford Hackerspace was established in January 2009 to fill the gap of a hackerspace in the Baltimore area.	Harford Hackerspace	2009
inception	The Lithuanian National Symphony Orchestra or LNSO (Lietuvos nacionalinis simfoninis orkestras, LNSO) is one of Lithuania's two national orchestras, and was founded in 1940.	Lithuanian National Symphony Orchestra	1940
inception	Seven Generations Education Institute (SGEI) is an Aboriginal-owned and controlled post-secondary institution co-founded by the ten bands in the Rainy Lake Tribal area in 1985.	Seven Generations Education Institute	1985
inception	The Huntington Hornets were a professional ice hockey team that played in Huntington, West Virginia as a member of the International Hockey League during the 1956--57 season.	Huntington Hornets	1956
inception	The Lavender Menace was an informal group of lesbian radical feminists formed to protest the exclusion of lesbians and lesbian issues from the feminist movement at the Second Congress to Unite Women in New York City on May 1, 1970.	Lavender Menace	1970
inception	The German and Austrian Alpine Club (German: Deutscher und Österreichischer Alpenverein) (DuÖAV or DÖAV) was a merger of the German, Austrian and Bohemian branches of the Alpine Club that existed from 1873 to 1938.	German and Austrian Alpine Club	1873
inception	Founding Engine Room Recordings was started by Mark B. Christensen and Peter Block in 2005.	Engine Room Recordings	2005
inception	The Planta Europa Network was established in 1995 as a result of a conference discussing pan-European cooperation for plant conservation.	Planta Europa	1995
inception	Founded in 1934 as the British Committee for Relations with Other Countries, and granted a royal charter by King George VI in 1940, the British Council was inspired by Sir Reginald (``Rex'') Leeper's recognition of the importance of ``cultural propaganda'' in promoting British interests.	British Council	1934
inception	The Merah Putih Foundation (YMP -- Yayasan Merah Putih) is a non-governmental, non-profit organization first established on December 14, 1989 in Palu, Central Sulawesi, Indonesia.	Yayasan Merah Putih	1989
inception	In the first territory election in 1989, three members of the No Self-Government Party were elected.	No Self-Government Party	1989
inception	Epyon started in 2006 based on advances of nanotechnology in batteries.	Epyon	2006
inception	FSpace Publications is a role-playing game publisher founded in 1991 under a different trading name (Future Systems) until it rebranded in 1994.	FSpace Publications	1991
inception	The BUPA Great Capital Run is a 10-kilometre (6 mi) run through the paths of Hyde Park, London which was established in 2007.	Great Capital Run	2007
inception	It went public in 1947 and in 1964 acquired an engineering business in Dorset known as Meggitt.	Meggitt	1947
inception	Brutal Truth was an American grindcore band from Rochester, New York, formed by ex-Anthrax, Nuclear Assault, and Stormtroopers of Death bass guitarist Dan Lilker in 1990.	Brutal Truth	1990
inception	The Sons of Divine Providence (FDP; Figli della Divina Provvidenza), or the Orionine Fathers, is a Roman Catholic religious institute founded in 1893 by Luigi Orione (1872--1940) in Turin, Italy.	Sons of Divine Providence	1893
inception	It was renamed the Holy Cross College of Sasa, in 2010, when it began offering college courses.	Holy Cross College of Sasa	2010
inception	Tapulous was founded in February 2008 with the specific intention of developing software applications for the iOS platform.	Tapulous	2008
inception	The Principality of Leyen was a Napoleonic German state which existed 1806--14 in Hohengeroldseck, in the west of modern Baden-Württemberg.	Principality of Leyen	1806
inception	The Jazz Winnipeg Festival is a major Canadian jazz festival started in 1990 in Winnipeg.	Jazz Winnipeg Festival	1990
inception	Renault Argentina was officially established in 1975, but the French company had a long presence in Argentina before that.	Renault Argentina	1975
inception	Launched by Tangient LLC in March 2005, Wikispaces was purchased by TSL Education in March 2014.	Wikispaces	2005
inception	Tabu Recordings is an independent Norwegian record label founded in 2003 in Oslo.	Tabu Recordings	2003
inception	Tirnavia is a mixed choir from Slovakia founded in 1988, on the occasion of the 750th anniversary of Trnava being granted free royal town privileges.	Tirnavia	1988
inception	Since its launch in 2007, Causecast has partnered with a broad range of businesses, including clients in technology, financial services, and manufacturing.	Causecast	2007
inception	On 5 May 2007, the National Serbian Movement hosted a Serbian Assembly in the Lazarica Church in Kruševac where it swore in ``the Saint Tsar Lazar Guard vowed to free Kosovo and Metohija.''	Tsar Lazar Guard	2007
inception	Theater of the Sea, established in 1946, is a marine mammal park located in the Village of Islamorada, Florida, United States.	Theater of the Sea	1946
inception	It's a Beautiful Day is an American band formed in San Francisco, California, in 1967, featuring vocalist Pattie Santos along with violinist David LaFlamme and his wife, Linda LaFlamme, on keyboards.	It's a Beautiful Day	1967
inception	Spafax was founded in London in 1985 and is now part of Sir Martin Sorrell's WPP Group PLC, in the tenthavenue division.	Spafax	1985
inception	The area was originally established as a bird park in the 1980s, but was bought by Kula Eco Park Management in January 1997.	Kula Eco Park	January 1997
inception	Netspace started in the 1992 offering dial-up internet access, as was the standard at the time.	Netspace	1992
inception	The company was launched on April 1, 2011 by Aditya Chopra, key member of Yash Raj Films who revealed that their company would float a new film studio, Y-Films, which would concentrate on introducing fresh talent.	Y-Films	2011
inception	The Nice Ones formed in Northwestern Connecticut in 2011, merging two songwriting partnerships: vocalist/guitarist Patrick Surdam and drummer Tyler Beaujon, both of North Canaan, Connecticut, and guitarist/vocalist/keyboardist Sam McGarrity and bassist Dillon Morrison Halas, of Lakeville, Connecticut and Kent, Connecticut respectively.	The Nice Ones	2011
inception	Nightmare and the Cat is a five-piece British-American indie rock band that formed in 2010.	Nightmare and the Cat	2010
inception	Yellow Earth Theatre is an internationally touring theatre company based in London and established in 1995 to raise the profile of British East Asian theatre.	Yellow Earth Theatre	1995
inception	Founded in 1845 as the Glasgow Government School of Design, it changed its name to The Glasgow School of Art in 1853.	Glasgow School of Art	1845
inception	Laurie Records was a record label started in 1958 by brothers Robert and Gene Schwartz, and Allan I. Sussel.	Laurie Records	1958
inception	Rocio Briseno Melissa Chavez Mary Garza Maria Pando Christella Rivera Carline Soto Theresa Reyes Doris Mendiola Suzanna Cisneros Dahlia Cavazos Due to the hard work and effort of the Founders and the Charter members, Kappa Delta Chi was recognized as an official organization at Texas Tech University on April 6, 1987.	Kappa Delta Chi	1987
inception	Today's La Caixa is the result of the July 27, 1990 merger between the Caja de Pensiones para la Vejez y de Ahorros de Cataluña y Baleares, founded in 1904, and the Caja de Ahorros y Monte de Piedad de Barcelona, founded in 1844.	La Caixa	1990
inception	The German Society for Racial Hygiene (German: Deutsche Gesellschaft für Rassenhygiene) was a German eugenic organization founded on 22 June 1905 by the physician Alfred Ploetz in Berlin.	German Society for Racial Hygiene	1905
inception	Ten years after its foundation in 1998 by Guy Boucher, Sarbakan had delivered over 600 games, mostly web-based, and started shifting its focus from flash game development to console digital download gaming.	Sarbakan	1998
inception	American Plus Bank (Chinese: 美富銀行), a Chinese American community bank headquartered in Arcadia, California, was founded on August 8, 2007.	American Plus Bank	2007
inception	In 1933 the Jerez Denominación de Origen was the first Spanish denominación to be officially recognised in this way, officially named D.O. Jerez-Xeres-Sherry and sharing the same governing council as D.O. Manzanilla Sanlúcar de Barrameda.	Sherry	1933
inception	The company was founded as a typewriter manufacturer by Camillo Olivetti in 1908 in Ivrea, Italy.	Olivetti	1908
inception	Cats on Trees is a French musical duo formed in Toulouse, France in 2007 by Nina Goern (on vocals and piano) and Yohan Hennequin (rhythms).	Cats on Trees	2007
inception	First Community Bank was established in 2007 according to Sharia law by private Muslim investors in Kuwait, Kenya and Tanzania.	First Community Bank	2007
inception	Steer Clear were a pop punk five piece band from Belfast, Northern Ireland that played gigs from 2005 to 2009.	Steer Clear	2005
inception	School of Art, Game and Animation (Saga) is a Brazilian school of computer graphics created in 2003 focused on digital art, computer graphics with courses for beginners, complete course in digital animation, 3D game development, market development model electronics and techniques of creating art for games.	School of Art, Game and Animation	2003
inception	On December 28, 1915, in Columbus, Ohio at the meeting of the American Association for the Advancement of Science, a group of about 50 people voted to form the Ecological Society of America, adopted a constitution, and set the next meeting.	Ecological Society of America	1915
inception	These Arms Are Snakes was an American post-hardcore band that formed in 2002 and featured former members of Botch and Kill Sadie.	These Arms Are Snakes	2002
inception	The Airbus LPGA Classic was a women's professional golf tournament on the LPGA Tour, played in Mobile, Alabama from 2008 to 2014.	Airbus LPGA Classic	2008
inception	The 2006 Asian Excellence Awards featured the Rémy Martin X.O. Honors, which included an award to AIDS researcher Dr. David Ho for the Inspiration Honor and to writer/director Quentin Tarantino for the Bridge Honor.	Asian Excellence Awards	2006
inception	The Hmar People's Convention (HPC) was established as a political party in 1986.	Hmar People's Convention	1986
inception	It was established on December 28, 2002 from the merger of Beijing Capital Airport Holding Company, Beijing Capital International Airport Company Ltd., Tianjin Binhai International Airport, China Airport Construction Corporation, Jinfei Economic Development Company Ltd. and Civil Aviation Engineering Consulting Company of China.	Capital Airport Holding	2002
inception	Red Wanting Blue (also known as RWB) is a rock and roll band led by Scott Terry that formed in Athens, Ohio in 1996.	Red Wanting Blue	1996
inception	Established as 917th Operations Group, and activated in the Reserve, on 1 August 1992 Re-designated: 917th Fighter Group, 13 January 2011 Inactivated 26 September 2013	917th Fighter Group	1992
inception	The Miss Earth Trinidad and Tobago is a beauty pageant has been held annually since 2011.	Miss Earth Trinidad and Tobago	2011
inception	They formed Jon and Roy, and began performing around Victoria and Vancouver in 2003.	Jon and Roy	2003
inception	DAQRI (or Daqri) is an American augmented reality company founded in 2010 and headquartered in Los Angeles, CA.	Daqri	2010
inception	Steigenberger Hotels is a German luxury hotel company founded by Albert Steigenberger in 1930.	Steigenberger Hotels	1930
inception	Aviation Composite Technology (ACT) is an aircraft manufacturer formed in the Philippines in 1990.	Aviation Composite Technology	1990
inception	Glacier Peak High School is a high school at the south end of the Snohomish School District, established in 2008.	Glacier Peak High School	2008
inception	Greenleaf Book Group is an independent book publisher and distributor, which was established by Clint Greenleaf in 1997.	Greenleaf Book Group	1997
inception	Air Stord A/S was an airline which operated between 1990 and 1999.	Air Stord	1990
inception	Established in 1996 as ``WAJS'', this station was assigned the call sign ``WAQB'' by the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) on June 18, 2001.	WAQB	1996
inception	ÇOMÜ Library was founded in 1992 in the Anafartalar Campus as the main library of the University.	ÇOMÜ Library	1992
inception	Kenya obtained independence in December 1963.	Kenya	1963
inception	Bounce Streetdance Company is a dance company from Sweden that started 1997.	Bounce Streetdance Company	1997
inception	ADAC Formel Masters was an ADAC sanctioned open wheel racing series based in Germany, held annually from 2008 to 2014.	ADAC Formel Masters	2008
inception	Savvis was founded in November 1995 under the name DiamondNet by CTO/COO Timothy Munro Roberts and CEO Andrew Gladney.	Savvis	1995
inception	Betraying the Martyrs is a French deathcore band from Paris, formed in 2008.	Betraying the Martyrs	2008
inception	AKRAK (full name: Anomaalsete Keskkonnanähtuste Registreerimise ja Analüüsi Komisjon) was a commission, set up by Igor Volke in 1986 collecting reports of anomalous environmental phenomena, particularly UFO reports, throughout Estonia.	AKRAK	1986
inception	Hello, Blue Roses' first album, The Portrait Is Finished and I Have Failed to Capture Your Beauty... was released on 22 January 2008 by Locust Music.	Hello, Blue Roses	2008
inception	No Use for a Name (sometimes abbreviated NUFAN or No Use) was a punk rock band from San Jose, California, United States formed in 1987 by Chris Dodge (guitar), Steve Papoutsis (bass), Rory Koff (drums) and John Meyer (vocals).	No Use for a Name	1987
inception	Boompa Records is a Canadian independent record label, founded in 2003 and based in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada.	Boompa Records	2003
inception	The Artists Against 419 site was set up in October 2003 and began tackling fraudulent websites in an artistic way: by hotlinking their images to drain their small bandwidth allowance over their monthly limit.	Artists Against 419	2003
inception	Maseno University is a university based in Maseno, near Kisumu, in Kenya and was founded in 1991.	Maseno University	1991
inception	Reyna Films was a Filipino film production company managed by Armida Siguion-Reyna and her son Carlitos Siguion-Reyna in 1991.	Reyna Films	1991
inception	It was formed by an amalgamation of the Coleraine Boys' Secondary school and Coleraine Girls' Secondary School and became Coleraine College in September 2001.	Coleraine College	2001
inception	After 13 years, Zdravković, with the support of Riblja Čorba's frontman Bora Đorđević, decided to form a new band and with vocalist Zoran ``Lotke'' Lalović formed Kraljevski Apartman in 1995.	Kraljevski Apartman	1995
inception	Charles the Great founded the Diocese of Osnabrück in 780.	Osnabrück	780
inception	The Grand Cote National Wildlife Refuge (French: Réserve Naturelle Faunique Nationale du Grand- Côte) was established in 1989 as part of the North American Waterfowl Management Plan.	Grand Cote National Wildlife Refuge	1989
inception	The 3tards were a Canadian hardcore punk rock band that was formed in Brampton, Ontario, in 2001.	The 3tards	2001
inception	The Grammy Award for Best Norteño Album was an honor presented to recording artists at the 51st, 52nd and 53rd Grammy Awards (2009--2011) for quality norteño music albums.	Grammy Award for Best Norteño Album	2009
inception	Durham Wildlife Trust, founded in 1971, is a registered charity which aims to protect wildlife and promote nature conservation in parts of County Durham and Tyne and Wear, England.	Durham Wildlife Trust	1971
inception	The Away Days is a Turkish dream pop band formed in Istanbul in 2012.	The Away Days	2012
inception	Carolinas Sports Entertainment Television, or C-SET, was a regional sports network in the United States that was in operation from October 2004 until June 2005.	Carolinas Sports Entertainment Television	2004
inception	WQTV-LP launched on January 1, 1988 as W46BE and was known on-air as ``TV 46''.	WQTV-LP	1988
inception	The brand ``KiM'' was trademarked in 1961 by Odense Marcipanfabrik (a marzipan factory) in Denmark, but as a German cigarette brand of this name already existed, the name was changed to ``KiMs'' in 1965.	KiMs	1961
inception	Woman III is one of a series of six paintings by de Kooning done between 1951 and 1953 in which the central theme was a woman.	Woman III	1953
inception	The Great American Bagel Bakery is a privately owned restaurant franchise started in 1987.	The Great American Bagel Bakery	1987
inception	Asteroid Day was officially launched on December 3, 2014.	Asteroid Day	2014
inception	Group B Strep Support was formed in 1996, after the founders' son had a group B Strep infection.	Group B Strep Support	1996
inception	Super Junior-M, often referred to as SJ-M, is a Chinese-South Korean boy band formed in 2008 by South Korea's S.M. Entertainment.	Super Junior-M	2008
inception	WFIE-DT2 was launched in Fall 2005 as an affiliate of the NBC Weather Plus service, a 24-hour weather channel that provided regional and national weather information forecasts in a continuous basis, along with cut-ins of local weather forecasts from WFIE's weather forecasting team.	WFIE-DT2	2005
inception	The Deutsche Bundesbahn or DB (German Federal Railway) was formed as the state railway of the newly established Federal Republic of Germany (FRG) on 7 September 1949 as a successor of the Deutsche Reichsbahn-Gesellschaft (DRG).	Deutsche Bundesbahn	7 September 1949
inception	STORIS, Inc. was originally founded in 1989 by Ira Bakst and Donald J. Surdoval.	STORIS	1989
inception	Indian School of International Studies (Hindi: इंडियन स्कूल ऑफ इंटरनेशनल स्टडीज) was an academic institution created in 1955 which merged with the Jawaharlal Nehru University in 1970 and was renamed as the School of International Studies,JNU.	Indian School of International Studies	1955
inception	Rozwell Kid began in 2011 with the release of an LP titled The Rozwell Kid LP.	Rozwell Kid	2011
inception	The Fooo Conspiracy is a Swedish pop boyband established in October 2013 and made up of Oscar Enestad, Oscar Molander, Omar Rudberg and Felix Sandman.	The Fooo Conspiracy	2013
inception	Trickstar Games is a computer game developer founded in 2009, developing content for Nintendo and Sony-based platforms as well as Microsoft desktop-based computers.	Trickstar Games	2009
inception	Gojra city was established in 1896, when the colonisation of Faisalabad began.	Gojra	1896
inception	The Israel Democracy Institute (IDI, Hebrew: המכון הישראלי לדמוקרטיה‎), established in 1991, is an independent, nonpartisan, nonprofit think tank in Jerusalem, Israel.	Israel Democracy Institute	1991
inception	Asthmatic Kitty is an American independent record label founded in 1999 by a community of musicians from Holland, Michigan led by musician Sufjan Stevens and his stepfather Lowell Brams.	Asthmatic Kitty	1999
inception	The band was officially founded as Mallavoodoo in 1996 in Recife, Pernambuco, when Perrelli joined the trio.	Mallavoodoo	1996
inception	The Karachi International Film Festival, simply known as the Kara Film Festival (Urdu: کارا فلم فیسٹیول or کارا فلم) was founded in 2001 by the KaraFilm Society, reportedly in response to the declining state of the Pakistani film industry.	Kara Film Festival	2001
inception	La Panadería (in English: The Bakery) was a contemporary art gallery located in Mexico City founded in 1994 by artists Yoshua Okón and Miguel Calderón.	La Panadería	1994
inception	The Milwaukee Brewers Walk of Fame was established by the Milwaukee Brewers baseball team in 2001 with the opening of Miller Park.	Milwaukee Brewers Walk of Fame	2001
inception	Eğri Eyalet (Ottoman Turkish: ایالت اگیر; Eyālet-i Egīr‎, Hungarian: Egri ejálet, Serbian: Jegarski ejalet or Јегарски ејалет) or Pashaluk of Eğri was an administrative unit of the Ottoman Empire formed in 1596 with its capital at Eğri (Hungarian: Eger).	Eğri Eyalet	1596
inception	The Leibniz-Institut für Molekulare Pharmakologie (FMP) was founded in 1992 as a successor to the ``Institut für Wirkstofforschung'', an Institute of the Academy of Sciences of the GDR.	Leibniz-Institut für Molekulare Pharmakologie	1992
inception	MiaDonna & Company is a man made diamond and diamond simulant producer and jewelry company founded by Anna-Mieke Anderson in 2005.	MiaDonna	2005
inception	In 1931, the Glen Alden Coal Company reported that 8,499 feet (2,590 m) from the mouth of the Audenried Tunnel, there was a fissure that discharged close to 800 gallons (approximately 211 liters) per minute.	Audenried Tunnel	1931
inception	The Citizens Commission on Human Rights International (CCHR) is a nonprofit organization established in 1969 by the Church of Scientology and psychiatrist Thomas Szasz, headquartered in Los Angeles, California.	Citizens Commission on Human Rights	1969
inception	Dr. Chud's X-Ward was formed in 2003 after Dr. Chud folded his other band Graves.	Dr. Chud's X-Ward	2003
inception	PORTopera is a professional opera company founded in 1994 by (a group of opera lovers including Bruce Hangen, Jack Riddle, Russ Burleigh, Dona D. Vaughn and others.)	PORTopera	1994
inception	In April 2005, Mountain States Radio Inc. (Victor A. Michael, president) acquired KVUW as part of a two-station deal from Mt Rushmore Broadcasting Inc. (Jan C. Gray, president) for a reported sale price of $750,000.	KVUW	2005
inception	A Lighter Shade of Brown (LSOB) was a Mexican American hip hop duo from Riverside, California best known for their 1990 hit single ``On a Sunday Afternoon'', a success in the U.S., written by songwriters/musicians David Dunson & Micah Carson.	A Lighter Shade of Brown	1990
inception	Trovit was founded in late 2006 by Iñaki Ecenarro, Raúl Puente, Daniel Giménez and Enrique Domínguez, and backed by private investors).	Trovit	2006
inception	Rethymno Cretan Kings B.C. (Greek: Ρέθυμνο Cretan Kings), is a Greek professional basketball club that was founded in Rethymno, Crete in 1986.	Rethymno Cretan Kings B.C.	1986
inception	The Society for Classical Studies (SCS), formerly known as the American Philological Association (APA), founded in 1869, is a non-profit North American scholarly organization devoted to all aspects of Greek and Roman civilization.	Society for Classical Studies	1869
inception	Bombay Vikings' are a pop group that combine Indian filmi and classical music, formed in 1994 in Stockholm, Sweden.	Bombay Vikings	1994
inception	Midnight Movies was an indie rock band formed in Los Angeles, California in 2002.	Midnight Movies	2002
inception	The Pencader Charter High School of Business & Finance was a high school in New Castle, Delaware that opened in August 2006.	Pencader Charter High School	2006
inception	Enics was formed in 2004 as a result of a management buyout of Elcoteq's Industrial Electronics Division.	Enics	2004
inception	Other orthodontic groups were founded in the over the years and in 1994 they all came together to create the British Orthodontic Society.	British Orthodontic Society	1994
inception	Suomi-Filmi, lit. Finland-Film, is a Finnish film production and distribution company established in 1919 by Erkki Karu.	Suomi-Filmi	1919
inception	Young Broadcasting entered station ownership in 1986, when it purchased stations in Lansing, Michigan and La Crosse, Wisconsin (a separate deal in 1988 would see Young acquire a station in Rockford, Illinois);	Young Broadcasting	1986
inception	Emerald Software was a video game publisher founded in 1988 by two UK entertainment executives - David Martin of Martech, and Mike Dixon who previously worked with EMI and worked as the company CEO.	Emerald Software	1988
inception	The Hungarian Radical Party (Hungarian: Magyar Radikális Párt, MRP) was a political party in Hungary in the period after World War II. The party was revived after the end of communism in 1989--90, but remained unsuccessful.	Hungarian Radical Party	1989
inception	57,725 acres (233.60 km2) were designated in the Black Canyon of the Gunnison National Park and Gunnison Gorge National Conservation Area Act of 1999 (Public Law 106-76).	Gunnison Gorge National Conservation Area	1999
inception	Krampouz was thus created in 1949.	Krampouz	1949
inception	Sustainable Organic Integrated Livelihoods or SOIL is an American nonprofit developmental aid organization co-founded by Sasha Kramer and Sarah Brownell in 2006.	Sustainable Organic Integrated Livelihoods	2006
inception	Founded in 2009, 10:10 began by campaigning for a 10% reduction in carbon emissions in 2010, and has since broadened its approach to include a range of projects focused on carbon reduction and renewable energy.	10:10	2009
inception	Venini were a British artrock band, featuring members of Pulp and Ladytron, who were active between the years 1998 and 2001.	Venini	1998
inception	The BallinStadt museum was opened in 2007 and named after Albert Ballin (1857--1918), then director General of the Hamburg America Line.	BallinStadt	2007
inception	It officially launched on January 21, 2013 as ATN Sony TV.	ATN Sony TV	2013
inception	The Lüderitz Speed Challenge is an annual speed sailing event, held since 2007 in Lüderitz, Namibia, in the southern hemisphere spring.	Lüderitz Speed Challenge	2007
inception	Nocturnus was an American progressive death metal band formed in Tampa, Florida in 1987 by drummer/vocalist Mike Browning (formerly of Morbid Angel).	Nocturnus	1987
inception	World of Twist were an English indie pop band, formed in Sheffield in 1985.	World of Twist	1985
inception	Zaatar w Zeit (in Arabic زعتر و زيت) owned by the Lebanese company Breakfast & Co. S.A.L. is an urban eatery founded in Lebanon in 1999 and operating with 15 branches in Lebanon) and more than 33 franchises in the Middle East including 15 in the UAE.	Zaatar w Zeit	1999
inception	AMBI, Israel Stuttering Association, a charity since 1999, is a public non-profit organization that supports people who stutter and their families in Israel.	Israel Stuttering Association	1999
inception	ATN announced on January 31, 2007 plans to launch the channel as ATN Cricket Plus, in a licensing partnership with DirectTV, who launched their own Cricket Plus channel in the United States in 2006 with Taj TV.	ATN Cricket Plus	2007
inception	The Warren County Farmers' Fair Balloon Festival was started in 2001 and takes place during the week of the County Fair in Warren County, New Jersey.	Warren County Farmers' Fair Balloon Festival	2001
inception	Lesopoval (Russian: Лесопова́л pronounced (lʲɪsəpɐˈvɑl), translated as ``tree felling'' or ``logging camp'', a symbol of Siberian labor camps and also of the forced labor within the camps) is a Russian band formed in 1990 by Mikhail Tanich and Sergey Korzhukov.	Lesopoval	1990
inception	The Ukrainian Conservative Republican Party (Ukrainian: Українська консервативна республіканська партія) was a political party in Ukraine in 1992 to 2001.	Ukrainian Conservative Republican Party	1992
inception	Lanyrd (pronounced and named after ``lanyard'') is a conference directory website created by Simon Willison and Natalie Downe and launched in 2010.	Lanyrd	2010
inception	The World Zionist Organization (Hebrew: הַהִסְתַּדְּרוּת הַצִּיּוֹנִית הָעוֹלָמִית; HaHistadrut HaTzionit Ha'Olamit), or WZO, was founded as the Zionist Organization (ZO; 1897-1960) at the initiative of Theodor Herzl at the First World Zionist Congress, which took place in August 1897 in Basel, Switzerland.	World Zionist Organization	1897
inception	The City University of Pasay was founded on May 26, 1994 by the virtue of city ordinance.	City University of Pasay	1994
inception	In 2001, the women's club became the women's section of football club Montpellier HSC.	Montpellier HSC	2001
inception	Severe Torture is a death metal band from the Netherlands, formed in 1997 by drummer Seth van de Loo and bassist Patrick Boleij.	Severe Torture	1997
inception	Cortina Systems, Inc. is a supplier of integrated circuits (ICs) for broadband communications founded in 2001.	Cortina Systems	2001
inception	To commemorate the 75 glorious years of Oriya cinema Bibhuprasad Rath, Director of Orissa Televisions Limited has announced Tarang Cine Awards during the award presentation ceremony in the Bhubaneswar on February 26, 2010.	Tarang Cine Awards	2010
inception	Fei Comodo formed in May 2003 with an original line-up consisting of Marc Halls (vocals and guitar), Will Phillipson (guitar), Phil Walker (bass) and Richard Duvale (drums).	Fei Comodo	2003
inception	The Philharmonic Orchestra of Fenice (Orchestra Filarmonica) was founded in 2007 and is composed by musicians of the Fenice Theater.	Philharmonic Orchestra of Fenice	2007
inception	Pointy Records is a London-based independent record label, founded in 1998 by Andy Macleod.	Pointy Records	1998
inception	Dai Nippon Butoku Kai (DNBK) 大日本武徳会 (lit. ``Greater Japan Martial Virtue Society'') is a Japanese martial arts organization established in 1895 in Kyoto.	Dai Nippon Butoku Kai	1895
inception	The Cyprus Olympic Committee (COC) (Greek: Κυπριακή Ολυμπιακή Επιτροπή) was established in 1974 and in 1979 was recognised by the International Olympic Committee.	Cyprus Olympic Committee	1974
inception	Founded in 1982, FoodDrinkEurope is a Food industry confederation in the European Union.	FoodDrinkEurope	1982
inception	Jenkens & Gilchrist, P.C. was a Dallas-based law firm, founded in 1951 as Jenkens & Bowens to service the various businesses controlled by Clint Murchison, Jr. The Dallas Morning News was an early client.	Jenkens & Gilchrist	1951
inception	Pi Epsilon was founded at Wright State University by the Environmental Sciences PhD student body in October, 2003.	Pi Epsilon	2003
inception	CEO of Norway Royal Salmon said that when the company was founded in 1992, he got verbal permission to use ``Royal'' in the company name, as long as ``Royal'' wasn't the first part of the name.	Norway Royal Salmon	1992
inception	The Zionist Organization of America (ZOA), founded in 1897, was one of the first official Zionist organizations in the United States, and, especially early in the 20th century, the primary representative of American Jews to the World Zionist Organization, espousing primarily Political Zionism.	Zionist Organization of America	1897
inception	The Pacific Andes Group has been involved in delivering frozen seafood products to the global leading wholesalers, processors, and retailers since 1986.	Pacific Andes	1986
inception	1990 On October 28 Klassik Radio was first aired.	Klassik Radio	1990
inception	Somerset Christian College was established in 2001 in the buildings and property formerly used by Zarephath Bible Institute, founded in 1908 and Alma White College, founded in 1921.	Somerset Christian College	2001
inception	Neo-primitivism was a Russian art movement which took its name from the 31-page pamphlet Neo-primitivizm, by Aleksandr Shevchenko (1913).	Neo-primitivism	1913
inception	Crimesterdam was founded in Yerevan in 2010 by vocalist Arthur Solakhyan and guitarists Sarkis Shirinian and George Hovhannisyan.	Crimesterdam	2010
inception	Yesan FC played in the National League, the team was originally founded as Seosan Citizen in Seosan in 2002, and competed as Seosan Omega in the 2007 league season prior to the relocation to Yesan ahead of the 2008 season.	Yesan FC	2002
inception	Frank Gaffney, Jr., founded the Center for Security Policy in 1988.	Center for Security Policy	1988
inception	Founded March 1995 as Beaner's by Bob Fish and Mary Roszel, the company changed its name to Biggby Coffee in late 2007.	Biggby Coffee	1995
inception	The Canon PowerShot S95 is a high-end 10.0-megapixel compact digital camera announced and released in 2010.	Canon PowerShot S95	2010
inception	In 1584--1856, the villages of Grebnevo, Fryazinovka, and Chizhovo stood on the territory occupied by modern Fryazino.	Fryazino	1584
inception	In 1822, the Mauritshuis was opened to the public and housed the Royal Cabinet of Paintings and the Royal Cabinet of Rarities.	Mauritshuis	1822
inception	YunoHost development began in March 2012, and Version 1.0 was released five months later on August 5, 2012.	YunoHost	March 2012
inception	Pilot Speed (formerly known as Pilate) was a Canadian rock band that formed in 1999 in Toronto, Ontario.	Pilot Speed	1999
inception	The American Society of Human Genetics (ASHG), founded in 1948, is the primary professional membership organization for specialists in human genetics worldwide.	American Society of Human Genetics	1948
inception	Their debut album was in 2010 when they released their self-titled album Les Stentors.	Les Stentors	2010
inception	The Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration (PHMSA) is a United States Department of Transportation agency created in 2004, responsible for developing and enforcing regulations for the safe, reliable, and environmentally sound operation of the US' 2.6 million mile pipeline transportation.	Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration	2004
inception	The Kahan Commission (ועדת כהן), formally known as the Commission of Inquiry into the Events at the Refugee Camps in Beirut, was established by the Israeli government on 28 September 1982, to investigate the Sabra and Shatila massacre (16--18 September 1982).	Kahan Commission	1982
inception	Țiriac Air was founded in 1997, as part of Țiriac Group.	Țiriac Air	1997
inception	Dead by Sunrise (formerly known as Snow White Tan) is an American rock band formed in 2005.	Dead by Sunrise	2005
inception	TVN CNBC was a business and financial news channel in Poland, launched on September 3, 2007.	TVN CNBC	2007
inception	The Colegio Nautilus (Nautilus School) is a bilingual private school in the city of Acapulco, Guerrero, Mexico founded in 1986.	Colegio Nautilus	1986
inception	Charity Treks was formed in 2002 by a group of cyclists who had participated in the 2001 Montreal to Maine AIDS Vaccine Bike Trek, one of the last AIDSRides produced by Pallotta Teamworks.	Charity Treks	2002
inception	The Guild of St Magnus is a bell ringing guild formed in 2009, following the new installation of the bells at St Magnus-the-Martyr, with the main aim of ringing for Sunday services at St Magnus the Martyr.	Guild of St Magnus	2009
inception	The Charleston and Western Carolina Railway (C&WC) was formed in 1896 to operate the lines of the former Port Royal and Augusta Railway (PR&A) and the Port Royal and Western Carolina Railway (PR&WC).	Charleston and Western Carolina Railway	1896
inception	Created in 1930, the International Institute of Administrative Sciences (IIAS) is an International Association with Scientific Purpose whose seat is in Brussels.	International Institute of Administrative Sciences	1930
inception	The Armed Forces Communications and Electronics Association (AFCEA) established in 1946, is a non-profit membership association serving the military, government, industry, and academia as an ethical forum for advancing professional knowledge and relationships in the fields of communications, information technology, intelligence, and security.	AFCEA	1946
inception	Southern Networks Ltd launched its digital system in the metropolitan areas of Karachi, Lahore, Islamabad and Rawalpindi in January 2004 and had plans to launch in several key cities in the Central Punjab.	Southern Networks	2004
inception	On 11 November 1995, the Queensland Women's Hockey Association merged with Queensland Men's Hockey Association ending 75 years of independent operation and created Hockey Queensland.	Hockey Queensland	1995
inception	On 14 May 1881 Rudolph Karstadt opened his first store in Wismar under the name ``Tuch-, Manufactur- und Confectionsgeschäft Karstadt''.	Karstadt	14 May 1881
inception	Formed in 2005, the members of TrueRoots devote themselves to the advancement of cross-cultural awareness via the collaboration of diverse minds and media striving to foster an understanding of cultural identity in global society.	TrueRoots	2005
inception	Dirty Three is an Australian instrumental rock band, consisting of Warren Ellis (violin and bass guitar), Mick Turner (electric and bass guitars) and Jim White (drums), which formed in 1992.	Dirty Three	1992
inception	FC Olimpia Gelendzhik (Russian: ``ФК Олимпия'' Геленджик) is a Russian football team from Gelendzhik, founded in 2011.	FC Olimpia Gelendzhik	2011
inception	The ALRC is part of the Attorney-General's portfolio, however it is an independent statutory authority constituted under the Australian Law Reform Commission Act 1996 (Cth), and the Public Governance, Performance and Accountability Act 2013 (PGPA Act).	Australian Law Reform Commission	1996
inception	The first Kruidvat was opened in 1975 by Dick Siebrand.	Kruidvat	1975
inception	Teradici is a privately held software company founded in 2004, with head offices in Metropolitan Vancouver, BC and Santa Clara, CA.	Teradici	2004
inception	Texas All-Star Wrestling (TASW) is a professional wrestling promotion that was established by Bob Murphy in Humble, Texas in 1994.	Texas All-Star Wrestling	1994
inception	Death to Anders (pronounced ``onders'') are an American indie rock band formed in Los Angeles, California in 2006.	Death to Anders	2006
inception	Auzentech has its origins in March 2005, when under the company name HDA (HiTeC Digital Audio), the company launched the X-Mystique 7.1, the first consumer add-in sound card to feature Dolby Digital Live.	Auzentech	2005
inception	C-JeS Entertainment is a South Korean company established in 2009, handling the management of various artists.	C-JeS Entertainment	2009
inception	Deacon Blue are a Scottish pop rock band formed in Glasgow during 1985.	Deacon Blue	1985
inception	Ancient Bards is an Italian symphonic metal band, conceived in January 2006 by keyboard player Daniele Mazza.	Ancient Bards	2006
inception	92 News (also known as 92 News HD, Channel 92) is an Urdu language Pakistan first HD television news channel based in Lahore, launched in year 2015.	92 News	2015
inception	The Sistema Nacional de Creadores de Arte (SNCA; national system of art creators) is a Mexican art association of the Consejo Nacional para la Cultura y las Artes, that was founded per presidential decree of September 3, 1993.	Sistema Nacional de Creadores de Arte	1993
inception	The Barter Network is a commercial trading network of companies in the United States founded in 2006 by Bergenske Enterprises, Inc. of which G. Jason Bergenske, President and CEO owns 100% of the corporation's shares.	The Barter Network	2006
inception	Mass Appeal Records is an American independent record label founded in 2014.	Mass Appeal Records	2014
inception	The Laban ng Demokratikong Pilipino (Struggle/Fight of Democratic Filipinos) is a political party in the Philippines founded in 1988.	Laban ng Demokratikong Pilipino	1988
inception	RC4 was designed by Ron Rivest of RSA Security in 1987.	RC4	1987
inception	ProLife Alliance (or simply ProLife) is an advocacy group in the United Kingdom, formed in October 1996.	ProLife Alliance	1996
inception	British Energy was established and registered in Scotland in 1995 to operate the eight most modern nuclear power plants in the UK.	British Energy	1995
inception	KUSB (103.3 FM), known as ``103.3 US Country'', is a radio station located in Bismarck, North Dakota, owned by Townsquare Media that signed on September 25, 2006 with a Country music format, directly competing with Clear Channel Communications' KQDY 94.5.	KUSB	2006
inception	Topshop was founded in 1964 as Peter Robinson's Top Shop, a youth brand within the Sheffield branch and also had a large department in the Oxford Street store.	Topshop	1964
inception	Big Band Jazz de México is a big band orchestra, founded in 1999 by a number of musicians from Mexico City interested in the promotion of jazz music in Mexico.	Big Band Jazz de México	1999
inception	Antestor is a Norwegian unblack metal band formed in 1990 in Jessheim.	Antestor	1990
inception	Crumpler was founded in Melbourne in 1995 by Dave Roper and Will Miller (ex bike couriers & founders of Minuteman Messengers), and sculptor / furniture maker / bike courier Stuart Crumpler.	Crumpler	1995
inception	In 1998, the Fosseway Radio team were delivered the news by the broadcasting authorities that they had been successful in their application, and the station launched on 1 November that year.	Fosseway Radio	1998
inception	It was established in 1985 following an earlier Audiogenic company that had been founded in the late 1970s.	Audiogenic	1985
inception	Bàsquet Mallorca was founded in 2008 as a merger of two teams from Balearic Islands:	Bàsquet Mallorca	2008
inception	Aerocardal was established in 1989 and has 50 employees (at March 2007).	Aerocardal	1989
inception	My Channel is a British television channel which launched on 28 February 2006 as Eat Cinema, originally targeted at mainstream cinema audiences.	My Channel	2006
inception	Two Witches is a gothic rock band from Finland, formed in 1987.	Two Witches	1987
inception	Malmö City Library first opened on 12 December 1905, then in Hotel Tunneln.	Malmö City Library	12 December 1905
inception	Valparaiso High School opened in 1871 as Valparaiso City Public Graded School in a facility that had been built in 1861 by the local Presbyterian members as the Valparaiso Collegiate Institute on the site of the current Central Elementary School.	Valparaiso High School	1871
inception	The Turkish Brigade (code name North Star, Turkish: Şimal Yıldızı or Kutup Yıldızı) was a Turkish Army Infantry Brigade that served with the United Nations Command during the Korean War between 1950 to 1953.	Turkish Brigade	1950
inception	The Avicenna School, was founded in June 1996, and sponsored by the College of Accounting and Management Sciences (CAMS).	Avicenna School	1996
inception	Excel Group Institutions (EGI) is an educational institution established in 2006 by SRET trust in 2001 at Pallakkapalayam, Komarapalayam, Namakkal, Tamil Nadu, India.	Excel Group Institutions	2006
inception	Om Films is an American film production company founded by executive producer Niraj Bhatia and producer/screenwriter Daniel Burks in 2006.	Om Films	2006
inception	United for a New Alternative (Spanish: Unidos por una Nueva Alternativa) is an Argentine political coalition, running for the Argentine general election, 2015.	United for a New Alternative	2015
inception	Shady Records is an American record label founded in 1999 by rapper Eminem and his manager Paul Rosenberg after the highly successful release of Eminem's second studio album The Slim Shady LP (1999).	Shady Records	1999
inception	Luther Wright and the Wrongs are a Canadian alternative country and bluegrass band formed in 1998 in Kingston.	Luther Wright and the Wrongs	1998
inception	Alworths was a chain of 18 high-street retail stores created in 2009 out of some of the former stores of Woolworths plc in the United Kingdom.	Alworths	2009
inception	The Reich Ministry for the Occupied Eastern Territories (German: Reichsministerium für die besetzten Ostgebiete or RMfdbO) was created by Adolf Hitler in July 1941 and headed by the Nazi theoretical expert and Baltic German, Alfred Rosenberg.	Reich Ministry for the Occupied Eastern Territories	1941
inception	The Associação Gaita-de-fole (Bagpipe Society) is a non-profit organization, founded officially in 1994 by enthusiasts of the Portuguese folk traditions -- specially the related with the Transmontan and Galician bagpipes.	Associação Gaita-de-fole	1994
inception	Fito & Fitipaldis (Spanish pronunciation: (ˈfito i fitiˈpaldis)) are a Spanish rock band, formed in 1998.	Fito & Fitipaldis	1998
inception	The Boulevard de Clichy (French pronunciation: ​(bulvaʁ də kliʃi)) is a famous street of Paris, which lends its name to the Place de Clichy, resulted from the fusion, in 1864, of the roads that paralleled the Wall of the Farmers-General, both inside and out.	Boulevard de Clichy	1864
inception	The Galician Party of the Proletariat (PGP) was a party galician independentist and Marxist-Leninist party formed in March 1978, as a continuation of Galician People's Union-Proletarian Line, a split of the original Galician People's Union.	Galician Party of the Proletariat	1978
inception	Nauru Television (NTV), established on 31 May 1991, is the government-owned, non-commercial sole television company in the Republic of Nauru.	Nauru Television	1991
inception	Les Ogres de Barback (sometimes known just as Les Ogres) is a French musical group formed in 1994, by two brothers and two sisters, Fred and Sam Burguière, and the twins Alice and Mathilde Burguière.	Les Ogres de Barback	1994
inception	The company dates back to a firm created by Edward Mead Johnson, one of the co-founders of Johnson & Johnson, who created his own business in 1895, which was renamed Mead Johnson & Company in 1905.	Mead Johnson	1905
inception	The Fontaine du Fellah, also known as the Egyptian Fountain, located at 52 rue de Sèvres in the 7th arrondissement of Paris, next to the entrance of the Vaneau metro station, was built in 1806 during the rule of Napoleon Bonaparte, in the neo-Egyptian style inspired by Napoleon's Egyptian campaign.	Fontaine du Fellah	1806
inception	D. G. Yuengling & Son is the oldest operating brewing company in the United States, established in 1829.	Yuengling	1829
inception	On 1 April 1972, the formerly independent communities of Niedereisenhausen, Obereisenhausen, Niederhörlen and Oberhörlen joined together of their own free will into the community of Steffenberg.	Steffenberg	1972
inception	Apevia Corporation is a computer chassis, power supply, cooling and accessories company founded in March 1999.	Apevia	1999
inception	In 1848, Menton, along with its neighbour Roquebrune, seceded from Monaco, due at least in part to a tax imposed on lemon exports.	Menton	1848
inception	Bag Raiders are an Australian electronic band founded in 2006 by mainstays Jack Glass and Chris Stracey.	Bag Raiders	2006
inception	The Tuscan Sun Festival was founded in 2003 by Barrett Wissman, cellist Nina Kotova and writer Frances Mayes, whose bestselling books helped to make Tuscany a popular tourist destination.	Tuscan Sun Festival	2003
inception	Created in the late 1988, the Virginia Festival of American Film (renamed The Virginia Film Festival) was endorsed by the state's Department of Economic Development and adopted by the University of Virginia.	Virginia Film Festival	1988
inception	Bónus was started by Jón Ásgeir Jóhannesson and his father, Jóhannes Jónsson, with the first store in Skútuvogur street in Reykjavík in April, 1989.	Bónus	1989
inception	Dead Obies is an experimental hip hop band originating from South Shore (suburbs south of Montreal), Quebec, Canada, that was formed in 2011 by 6 members, a collective of five MCs Jo RCA, Yes McCan, Snail Kid, 20some, O.G. Bear and Quebec producer VNCE.	Dead Obies	2011
inception	Horizons Communications Group is a television production company founded in 1995 by Executive Producer Rick Roberts.	Horizons Communications Group	1995
inception	Lethian Dreams is a French doom metal band, founded in 2002 by Carline Van Roos and Matthieu Sachs, also known for their work in the bands Aythis and Remembrance.	Lethian Dreams	2002
inception	The Savannah Wildcats are a charter member of the Continental Basketball League based in Savannah, Georgia which began play in 2010.	Savannah Wildcats	2010
inception	Breheimen National Park (Norwegian: Breheimen nasjonalpark) is a national park that was established in 2009.	Breheimen National Park	2009
inception	The Amadeu Antonio Foundation, established in 1998, is a German foundation engaging against far-right extremism, racism and anti-Semitism.	Amadeu Antonio Foundation	1998
inception	Te Whare Wānanga o Awanuiārangi is a Wānanga (indigenous tertiary education provider) established in 1991 by Ngāti Awa and based in Whakatāne.	Te Whare Wānanga o Awanuiārangi	1991
inception	Royseven formed in September 2003, they received record company interest in 2004, ultimately signing a deal with the Universal Music Group in 2005.	Royseven	2003
inception	Quicksilver Tuna (1994), Sirkafúsk Fousque (1996), Sirkafúsk Nói Albínói (2004), Kitchen Motors Slowblow (2004), Mobile / Plug	Slowblow	1994
inception	The Party for Dignified Life (Czech: Strana Důstojného Života, SDŽ) is a social democratic political party in the Czech Republic founded in 2007 by Jana Volfová who became the party's first chairwoman.	Party for Dignified Life	2007
inception	The Baltimore Bandits were an ice hockey team in the American Hockey League in the 1995--96 and 1996--97 seasons.	Baltimore Bandits	1995
inception	The Bavarian Cavalry Division (Bayerische Kavallerie-Division) was a unit of the Royal Bavarian Army, part of the German Army, in World War I. The division was formed on the mobilization of the German Army in August 1914.	Bavarian Cavalry Division	1914
inception	Perimeter Bicycling was founded in 1986 by Richard DeBernardis and has helped raise over $32 million for local and national charitable organizations.	Perimeter Bicycling	1986
inception	Initially Film1 Spotlight started as Film1 Series on 17 January 2012 when it replaced the 1 hour timeshift channel Film1 Premiere +1, focussing on television series.	Film1 Spotlight	2012
inception	KVNT was a simulcast of KLEF 98.1 FM (as KAXX) until February 12, 2007.	KVNT	2007
inception	Yogyakarta International School (YIS) is a secular, co-educational, international school in Yogyakarta, Java, Indonesia founded in 1989; making it Yogyakarta's most established and only international school with expatriate teachers for core classes.	Yogyakarta International School	1989
inception	The Jacqui Lambie Network is a minor political party which was formed in Australia in 2015 by Tasmanian Senator Jacqui Lambie.	Jacqui Lambie Network	2015
inception	In the summer of 2009, after the dissolution of Auxerre Lugoj, Vulturii Lugoj was refounded under the name of CSM Lugoj.	CSM Lugoj	2009
inception	Established on July 16, 2006 in Santiago de Compostela, in Isca! was created by a militant splinter group of the youth of the UPG in January of that year, together with other leftist critics in Galiza Nova, the youth organization of Galician Nationalist Bloc.	Isca!	2006
inception	The Teenage Kissers is a Japanese Grunge band from Tokyo, Japan, formed in 2012 by well known vocalist Nana Kitade, bassist Hideo Nekota and drummer Mai Koike, and later joined by lead guitarist Tsubasa Nakada on April 6, 2013.	The Teenage Kissers	2012
inception	S.M. Naqvi Gold Medal was instituted in 2013 by the Geological Society of India in the name of the late Syed Mahmood Naqvi, an outstanding scientist who contributed extensively in the field of Precambrian Geology.	S.M. Naqvi Gold Medal	2013
inception	Workers Party of Turkey (Türkiye İşçi Partisi) was a Turkish political party, founded in 1961.	Workers Party of Turkey	1961
inception	Anime Festival Wichita started in 2005 as a one-day event under the name Wichita Anime Festival.	Anime Festival Wichita	2005
inception	Kingsway Park High School is an 11--16 mixed Foundation School that opened in September 2010.	Kingsway Park High School	2010
inception	Since the founding of the Honors Program at Drexel in 1991, Honors has been a vital presence on campus, developing into the self-standing Pennoni Honors College in 2002.	Pennoni Honors College	1991
inception	Public Against Violence (Slovak: Verejnosť proti násiliu, VPN) was a political movement established in Bratislava, Slovakia in November 1989.	Public Against Violence	1989
inception	The Alpenliga was an international professional ice hockey league which existed between 1991 and 1999.	Alpenliga	1991
inception	Nortt is a Danish one-man black funeral doom metal band formed in 1995.	Nortt	1995
inception	Launched in January 2006, ExerciseTV was founded by Jake Steinfeld and created by Comcast.	ExerciseTV	2006
inception	The Ginn sur Mer Classic was a PGA Tour golf tournament that lasted for two years, 2007 and 2008.	Ginn sur Mer Classic	2007
inception	The Nigeria Deposit Insurance Corporation (NDIC) was established on 15 June 1988 to strengthen the safety net for the newly liberalized banking sector, following the recommendation of former Central Bank of Nigeria governor Ola Vincent.	Nigeria Deposit Insurance Corporation	15 June 1988
inception	Barren Earth is a Finnish progressive death metal band from Helsinki, and was formed in 2007.	Barren Earth	2007
inception	La Martiniquaise is France's second-largest spirits group, founded in 1934, by the father of the current head, billionaire Jean-Pierre Cayard.	La Martiniquaise	1934
inception	Harry Pencer, a clothier from Montreal, Canada, began to import Cott sodas into Quebec, Canada, in 1952.	Cott	1952
inception	Modestia Aparte is a Spanish pop music band that recorded albums from 1988 to 2008.	Modestia Aparte	1988
inception	Mesk Records is an independent electronica and experimental music record label based in Berlin, Germany, and founded in 2008.	Mesk Records	2008
inception	The Lithuanian State Symphony Orchestra (Lithuanian: Lietuvos valstybinis simfoninis orkestras or LVSO) is one of Lithuania's two national orchestras, founded in 1988.	Lithuanian State Symphony Orchestra	1988
inception	The Hellenic Air Force Museum was founded in 1986 and since 1992 it is located on the Decelea Airfield.	Hellenic Air Force Museum	1986
inception	Big Wreck is a rock band formed by Canadian Ian Thornley in Boston, Massachusetts in 1994.	Big Wreck	1994
inception	Rough Copy were formed in 2008 and were originally called SOS (Sons of Soul), whose original members were Kazeem ``Kaz'' Ajobe, Joey James, Rickstar Rickell Brown and Sterling Ramsey.	Rough Copy	2008
inception	High Highs are an indie rock band from Sydney, Australia, formed by Jack Milas and Oli Chang in 2010.	High Highs	2010
inception	The band released their debut studio album, Caravan Palace, on the Wagram label in October 2008.	Caravan Palace	2008
inception	Minted was founded in April 2007 by Mariam Naficy to sell high-end lines of stationery and adopted a crowdsourcing model when it realized that designs by independent artists were outselling those of established brands.	Minted	2007
inception	Until the Ghana School of Law was established in 1958, all lawyers in Ghana were trained abroad, almost always at the Inns of Court in England.	Ghana School of Law	1958
inception	The Coogee Dolphins was formed in October 1993 under the auspices of the Eastern Suburbs Junior League but now affiliated with the South Sydney District Junior Rugby Football League.	Coogee Dolphins	1993
inception	Seculert was founded in 2010 by former RSA FraudAction Research Lab Manager Aviv Raff, former SanDisk Product Marketing Manager Dudi Matot and former Finjan VP of Operations Alex Milstein.	Seculert	2010
inception	The Musée international d'Art naïf Anatole Jakovsky (Eng.: Anatole Jakovsky International Museum of Naive Art) is a museum located in Nice, which displays 18-to-21st century works specialized in naive art. The museum was inaugurated on 5 March 1982.	Musée international d'Art naïf Anatole Jakovsky	1982
inception	Balloom is an independent Japanese record label that was created in 2011.	Balloom	2011
inception	Horna (formerly known as Shadowed) is a Finnish black metal band that formed in 1993.	Horna	1993
inception	Ball4Real was the name of a traveling basketball exhibition and competition which made its debut in June 2007.	Ball4Real	2007
inception	CKOM began broadcasting at 1340 kHz on June 8, 1951 with an output of 250 watts and its offices were based out of the historic Empire Hotel.	CKOM	1951
inception	The Leigh UTC is a 14-19 University Technical College (UTC) for the Dartford area that opened in September 2014.	Leigh UTC	2014
inception	Team Me made their concert debut in Trondheim the 22nd of January 2010, after they have found themselves been picked out to Urørtfinalen, at a yearly competition for up and coming Norwegian bands held by NRK Urørt, which is a part of The Norwegian Broadcasting channel P3.	Team Me	2010
inception	The Parliamentary Assembly of the Mediterranean (PAM) is an international organisation established in 2005, following fifteen years of cooperation among States of the Mediterranean region.	Parliamentary Assembly of the Mediterranean	2005
inception	DesignCrowd is an online crowdsourcing platform founded in 2008 by Alec Lynch and Adam Arbolino.	DesignCrowd	2008
inception	Jetsgo was launched on June 12, 2001 and ceased operations on March 11, 2005.	Jetsgo	2001
inception	Huaneng Power International Inc., or Huaneng, was established in 1994 administrated by the State Council of the People's Republic of China.	Huaneng Power International	1994
inception	The Foundation for Media Alternatives (FMA) is as a non-government organization formed in 1986.	Foundation for Media Alternatives	1986
inception	The Kurdish National Council was founded in Hawler on 26 October 2011, under the sponsorship of Kurdish Regional Government President Massoud Barzani, following the earlier creation of the Syrian National Council.	Kurdish National Council	2011
inception	The Société Française de Psychanalyse (SFP) was a French psychoanalytic professional body formed in 1953, in a split from the main body of French psychoanalysts, the Société Parisienne de Psychanalyse (SPP).	Société Française de Psychanalyse	1953
inception	Mustafa Kemal University (Turkish: Mustafa Kemal Üniversitesi), abbreviaed as MKU, is a public university established 1992 at Antakya, Hatay Province in southern Turkey.	Mustafa Kemal University	1992
inception	The Social Democratic Action alliance was established in 1951 to contest the 1951 presidential and congressional elections.	Social Democratic Action	1951
inception	The Pingat Keberanian (Medal of Valour), instituted in 1987, is a Singaporean decoration awarded to any person who has performed an act of courage and gallantry in circumstances of personal danger.	Pingat Keberanian	1987
inception	Hawaii Pacific Health was formed in December 2001 with the merger of four hospitals:	Hawaii Pacific Health	2001
inception	The Landsmannschaft Schlesien was established in March 1950 and is a member of the Federation of Expellees, and has its headquarters in Königswinter, North Rhine-Westphalia.	Landsmannschaft Schlesien	1950
inception	Gruntruck was an American rock band formed in 1989 in Seattle, Washington by Ben McMillan and Scott McCullum, both previously from Skin Yard.	Gruntruck	1989
inception	Parsons came out of his retirement in 1997 to launch Jomax Technologies, which later became GoDaddy Group Inc. GoDaddy received a strategic investment from top venture capital funds, KKR, Silver Lake and Technology Crossover Ventures.	GoDaddy	1997
inception	The Imperial Japanese occupation of Hong Kong (香港日治時期) began when the Governor of Hong Kong, Sir Mark Young, surrendered the British Crown colony of Hong Kong to Imperial Japan on 25 December 1941.	Japanese occupation of Hong Kong	1941
inception	The Odd Gentlemen is a video game developer founded by Matt Korba and Paul Bellezza in 2008.	The Odd Gentlemen	2008
inception	Reichshammerbund (Reich Hammer League) was a German anti-Semitic movement founded in 1912 by Theodor Fritsch.	Reichshammerbund	1912
inception	The Miami Floridians played in the ABA from 1968 through 1970 when they became simply The Floridians.	Miami Floridians	1968
inception	Formed by students of St. Louis University High School in 1988, MU330 played a self-described brand of music called ``Psycho Ska'', high energy ska punk marked by manic performances and humorous, often strange lyricism.	MU330	1988
inception	The present station opened in May 2003, to replace the Old Townsville railway station in Flinders Street.	Townsville railway station	2003
inception	J. J. Fad began in 1985 as a quintet comprising Juana Burns (MC J.B.), Dania Birks (Baby-D), Anna Cash (Lady Anna), Fatima Shaheed (O.G. Rocker) and Juanita Lee (Crazy J.).	J. J. Fad	1985
inception	Askari Bank Ltd (Urdu: عسکری بینک‎) (formerly Askari Commercial Bank) is a commercial and retail bank in Pakistan It was founded on October 9, 1991, as a Public Limited Company.	Askari Bank	1991
inception	The Ho-Am Prize in Engineering was established in 1994 by Kun-Hee Lee, the Chairman of Samsung, to honour the late Chairman, Byung-chull Lee, the founder of the company.	Ho-Am Prize in Engineering	1994
inception	On 14 November 1994 Eurostar services began between Waterloo International station in London, Gare du Nord in Paris and Brussels-South railway station in Brussels.	Eurostar	14 November 1994
inception	Nerjyzed Entertainment, LLC (NE) is a privately held video game and 3D animation development and publishing company founded in 2003, and headquartered in Baton Rouge, Louisiana.	Nerjyzed Entertainment	2003
inception	Nobodyknows (stylized as nobodyknows+) is a Japanese hip-hop band founded in 1999.	Nobodyknows	1999
inception	Methods of Mayhem is an American rock band formed in 1999 by Tommy Lee, who had temporarily quit his position as Mötley Crüe's drummer.	Methods of Mayhem	1999
inception	In September 1992, Tim Burton returned Selick's studio, renamed it Skellington Productions, and sold it to Disney.	Skellington Productions	1992
inception	The Old Town BluesFest was started by the Old Town Business and Art Development Association in 1994 under the name OctoberFest and without the specific focus on blues music.	Old Town BluesFest	1994
inception	FC Spartak Shchyolkovo (Russian: ФК Спартак Щёлково) is a Russian football club from Shchyolkovo, founded in 1992.	FC Spartak Shchyolkovo	1992
inception	Husqvarna FF was founded in 1987 following the merger of the men's association football sections of Husqvarna IF and Huskvarna Södra IS.	Husqvarna FF	1987
inception	Fangcun Station (Chinese: 芳村站) is a station on Line 1 of the Guangzhou Metro that started operation on 28 June 1997.	Fangcun Station	1997
inception	Lemelson Capital Management is a United States-based global investment management company founded in 2012 by Emmanuel Lemelson who is also a Greek Orthodox priest.	Lemelson Capital Management	2012
inception	This small and informal network eventually grew into the modern Best Western hotel chain founded by M.K. Guertin in 1946.	Best Western	1946
inception	Found in 2011 as Nuova Cosenza Calcio as the phoenix club of Cosenza Calcio 1914 Srl by using Article 52 of N.O.I.F., Nuova Cosenza and Cosenza 1914 Srl were spiritual successor of the original Cosenza Calcio 1914 SpA which folded in 2005.	Cosenza Calcio	1914
inception	Viktoria Stolp was a German association football club formed in 1909, from the city of Stolp, Pomerania which was at the time part of Germany and is today Słupsk, Poland.	Viktoria Stolp	1909
inception	The Love Parade (German: Loveparade) was a popular electronic dance music festival and parade that originated in 1989 in West Berlin, Germany.	Love Parade	1989
inception	In 1998, Northwest Academy (K-12) split into First Baptist Academy and Houston Christian High School.	Houston Christian High School	1998
inception	Plans to establish the ErAZ factory came about on December 31, 1964, by the Council of Ministers of the Armenian Soviet Socialist Republic.	ErAZ	1964
inception	Incorporated in 2004, Tata Sky is a Joint venture between the Tata Group and 21st Century Fox Its primary competitors in cable television and other DTH service providers are --	Tata Sky	2004
inception	Fake Problems was created by Chris Farren, Derek Perry, Casey Lee, and Sean Stevenson in 2005.	Fake Problems	2005
inception	The Office Group was founded by Co-CEOs Olly Olsen and Charlie Green in 2004.	The Office Group	2004
inception	Reshet (Hebrew: רשת‎, lit. ``Network'') is one of the two concessionaires running the Israeli commercial television channel, Channel 2 since 1993.	Reshet	1993
inception	The Marine Accident Investigation Branch (MAIB) established in 1989 following the Herald of Free Enterprise disaster, is a branch of the United Kingdom Department for Transport which can investigate any accident occurring in UK waters, regardless of the nationality of the vessel(s) involved, and accidents involving UK registered ships worldwide.	Marine Accident Investigation Branch	1989
inception	Sagentia was founded by Professor Gordon Edge as Scientific Generics in 1986.	Sagentia	1986
inception	KMFM Ashford officially launched on 3 October 2005.	KMFM Ashford	2005
inception	The Cooper Temple Clause were an English alternative rock band, formed in Wokingham, Berkshire in 1998.	The Cooper Temple Clause	1998
inception	Kyivpastrans was established on October 2, 2001 by the Kiev City Council to replace KP ``Kyivelektrotrans'' and the Kyiv City Territorial-Production Union of Automobile Trasnport.	Kyivpastrans	2001
inception	VV Drama (formerly known as VarietyVision, officially launched on 1 April 1992 and officially dissolved on 31 May 1995) is a cable television StarHub TV on Channel 855.	VV Drama	1992
inception	Sabal Financial Group, L.P. is a California-based real estate and finance company, founded in 2009, with headquarters in Newport Beach, and additional offices nationwide and in London, UK.	Sabal Financial Group	2009
inception	Celtic de Mably XIII were formed in 2001 utilising a number of players from the recently defunct Coteau XIII club.	Celtic de Mably XIII	2001
inception	CKIC-FM was an instructional over-the-air campus radio station that broadcast in Winnipeg on the frequency 92.9 FM from April 27, 2004 to July 4, 2012.	CKIC-FM	2004
inception	Action Without Borders (also known as Idealist) is a nonprofit organization founded in 1995 by Ami Dar and based in New York City and Portland, Oregon.	Action Without Borders	1995
inception	The Yale Literary Magazine, founded in 1836, is the oldest literary magazine in the United States and publishes poetry and fiction by Yale undergraduates twice per academic year.	Yale Literary Magazine	1836
inception	NordNat was an association of far-right parties, founded in Malmö on 8 June 1997, in an attempt to unite Nordic nationalist parties.	NordNat	1997
inception	AltAssets was launched in 2001 and is based in London.	AltAssets	2001
inception	KUD Mladost Nova Pazova (Artistic Society Mladost Nova Pazova) is a Serbian cultural organisation established in 1953.	KUD Mladost Nova Pazova	1953
inception	The Johann Rosenmüller Ensemble is a German early music group formed by the German cornetto player and conductor Arno Paduch in 1995.	Johann Rosenmüller Ensemble	1995
inception	In 1994, the school was established as Sukkur Institute of Business Administration.	Sukkur Institute of Business Administration	1994
inception	The Peach Music Festival is a music festival started by The Allman Brothers Band and Live Nation Entertainment that has been held annually since 2012 at the Pavilion at Montage Mountain and Montage Mountain Ski Resort in Scranton, Pennsylvania.	The Peach Music Festival	2012
inception	Da Vinci Learning was launched on September 15, 2007 by its parent company, Da Vinci Media GmbH, and is based in Berlin, Germany.	Da Vinci Learning	2007
inception	The National Council on Aging (NCOA) was founded in 1950 as the first charitable organization in the U.S. that would provide a national voice for older Americans and act as their advocates in dealing with service providers and policymakers.	National Council on Aging	1950
inception	American Recording Productions was founded by Armenian musician Ara Topouzian in 1991.	American Recording Productions	1991
inception	The Quireboys are an English hard rock band formed in 1984 in London, with strong ties to Newcastle.	The Quireboys	1984
inception	The Asia Ski Mountaineering Federation (ASMF) was founded at Beidahu on 10 February 2009, on the initiative of the Chinese Mountaineering Association (CMA), Korean Alpine Federation (KAF) and the Japan Mountaineering Association (JMA).	Asia Ski Mountaineering Federation	2009
inception	Hector Rail ran its first train on 12 December 2004, and now operates around 5 million train-km a year in Sweden and Norway.	Hector Rail	2004
inception	1993 FC Atlant Digora 1994-2005 FC Gofrokarton Digora 2005--present FC Digora	FC Digora	1993
inception	Milton Keynes Kings were an Ice Hockey team based in Milton Keynes that originally played in various divisions of the British Hockey League (BHL) from 1990 until 1996.	Milton Keynes Kings	1996
inception	Hazen Street (also known as Hazen St.) is a supergroup that formed in early 2004.	Hazen Street	2004
inception	Swahili Blonde is an experimental musical project formed in Los Angeles, California in 2009.	Swahili Blonde	2009
inception	The Center for Advanced Study in Theoretical Linguistics (CASTL) was established in 2002 as a Center of Excellence by the Norwegian Research Council.	Center for Advanced Study in Theoretical Linguistics	2002
inception	Ann Livermore heads up HP Enterprise Business Group serving as its Executive Vice President since May 2004.	HP Enterprise Business	2004
inception	EPM Musique is a French record label that was created in 1986 by François Dacla, former president of RCA France.	EPM Musique	1986
inception	The Kingdom of Luang Phrabang was formed in 1707 as a result of the split of the Kingdom of Lan Xang.	Kingdom of Luang Phrabang	1707
inception	It was restored and opened as the Hornby School Museum in 1984, and was listed on National Register of Historic Places in 2008.	Hornby School	1984
inception	Merix Corporation was started in 1994 as a spin-off from Tektronix, Inc. in Oregon's Silicon Forest, employing 700 people.	Merix Corporation	1994
inception	Axis Of formed in 2007, and after various line up changes they released debut single ``Brobdingnagian'' in late 2009, launching in Belfast in January 2010.	Axis Of	2007
inception	Mondo Generator (sometimes known as Nick Oliveri And The Mondo Generator) is an American rock hybrid band founded in 1997 by Nick Oliveri.	Mondo Generator	1997
inception	Heather Brennan initially founded Park House English School in 1994.	Park House English School	1994
inception	Compagnie des Alpes (Euronext: CDA) is a French company created in 1989 to operate many ski resorts in Europe.	Compagnie des Alpes	1989
inception	The Townhouse Gallery was established in 1998 as an independent, non-profit art space in Egypt with a goal of making contemporary arts accessible to all without compromising creative practice.	The Townhouse Gallery	1998
inception	Sam Prochazka co-founded Novosbed.com in 2009 to give consumers an alternative to what he refers to as ``the ubiquitously pushy, deceptive, and expensive mattress buying experience''.	Novosbed	2009
inception	The Manalapan EpiCentre opened in 2002 on the corner of U.S. Route 9 southbound and Symmes Road in Manalapan Township, New Jersey.	Manalapan EpiCentre	2002
inception	Life One was a British television channel owned and operated by Life TV Media which launched in August 2007 as the fourth television channel from the company.	Life One	2007
inception	The immediate forerunner of the Corvinus University of Budapest, the Faculty of Economics of the Royal Hungarian University, was established in 1920.	Corvinus University of Budapest	1920
inception	Statistics Canada (French: Statistique Canada), which was formed in 1971, is the Canadian federal government agency commissioned with producing statistics to help better understand Canada, its population, resources, economy, society, and culture.	Statistics Canada	1971
inception	The Wilderness of Manitoba are a Canadian indie folk band who formed in 2009 in Toronto.	The Wilderness of Manitoba	2009
inception	World Statistics Day was celebrated for the first time on 20 October 2010 worldwide.	World Statistics Day	2010
inception	The Birthday Suit is a Scottish indie rock band from Edinburgh, formed in 2011 by Idlewild guitarist Rod Jones.	The Birthday Suit	2011
inception	The San Francisco Electronic Music Festival founded in 1999 by a Founding Steering Committee of which included eight Bay Area electro-acoustic music and sound art practitioners.	San Francisco Electronic Music Festival	1999
inception	Muzaffar Ahmed Mahavidyalaya, established in 1986, is a general degree college in Murshidabad district in the state of West Bengal, India.	Muzaffar Ahmed Mahavidyalaya	1986
inception	East Calcutta Girl's College, established in 1992, is the women's college in Kolkata.	East Calcutta Girl's College	1992
inception	Bad Boy Latino is a Latin hip hop record label founded in 2005 by Sean Combs and Pitbull.	Bad Boy Latino	2005
inception	The Kilby International Awards was an award created by the High Tech Committee of the North Dallas Chamber of Commerce, in 1990 to boost interest in the area.	Kilby International Awards	1990
inception	Callisti is a clothing label founded by Austrian fashion designer Martina Müller in 2007.	Callisti	2007
inception	The town of Dreieich came into being on 1 January 1977 in the framework of municipal restructuring in the Offenbach district, bringing together five communities which until then had been self-administering.	Dreieich	1977
inception	Opened to the public in 1995, the Armadale Reptile Centre houses a large variety of native reptiles and other wildlife with over 50 different species on display including various species of snakes, turtles and lizards as well as emus, parrots, wombats, dingos, bats and a wedge-tailed eagle.	Armadale Reptile Centre	1995
inception	Royal Southern Brotherhood came together in New Orleans, Louisiana during 2011.	Royal Southern Brotherhood	2011
inception	The National Museum of Nepal was established in 1928 by General Bhimsen Thapa using an old building built in 1819 A.D. The museum then known as Chhauni Silkhana, literally meaning ``arsenal museum'', was originally used to display firearms and weapons used in the war history of Nepal.	National Museum of Nepal	1928
inception	The Vernons formed in 2011 when James Nikiforides asked Jonny Nyst to join a band he had put together with Elliot Gooch and Andrew Lahey.	The Vernons	2011
inception	The first phase of Providence Town Center opened in October 2009, consisting of Wegmans and several other large retailers.	Providence Town Center	2009
inception	In 2014, the Sportimes were sold to San Diego businessman Russell Geyser and his minority partner Jack McGrory who relocated the team and renamed it the San Diego Aviators.	San Diego Aviators	2014
inception	Namgida Band (Hangul: 남기다밴드) is a South Korean indie folk music group formed in Jeju Island in 2012.	Namgida Band	2012
inception	Founded in 1987 by Minott Wessinger with the help of his father, Fred Wessinger, the McKenzie River Corporation has launched a number of successful beverage products to the US market.	McKenzie River Corporation	1987
inception	ContactEngine formerly ipadio, is a privately owned technology and communications company founded in 2009.	ContactEngine	2009
inception	Abbey Road on the River began with three events in Cleveland in 2002, 2003 and 2004.	Abbey Road on the River	2002
inception	Dreamaker begun when vocalist Elisa Martin, guitarist Albert Maroto and drummer Jorge Sáez left Dark Moor, in 2003, due to musical differences.	Dreamaker	2003
inception	Chattagram Maa-O-Shishu Hospital Medical College (CMOSHMC) is a private medical school in Bangladesh, established in 2005.	Chattagram Maa-O-Shishu Hospital Medical College	2005
inception	In the early months of 2005, member clubs of the South Eastern Australian Football League and North Eastern Australian Football League on the eastern seaboard formed a new league, the Eastern AFL.	Eastern Australian Football League	2005
inception	The American Leadership Project (ALP) is an unincorporated association organized under section 527 of the IRS code formed in February 2008 in order to highlight issues of importance to the American middle class, such the economy, jobs, the rising cost of health care, and the mortgage crisis.	American Leadership Project	2008
inception	Established in 1994, Georgiana Bruce Kirby Preparatory School is named for a Santa Cruz pioneer, early suffragist, educator, and public speaker.	Georgiana Bruce Kirby Preparatory School	1994
inception	André Auniac and Étienne Romano founded the SA des Chantiers aéronavals Étienne Romano on 16 August 1929.	Chantiers aéronavals Étienne Romano	1929
inception	Super Bock Super Rock is a rock festival in Portugal, created in 1994.	Super Bock Super Rock	1994
inception	The current headquarters of the Kabbalah Centre in Los Angeles was opened in 1984.	Kabbalah Centre	1984
inception	Street Drum Corps is an American punk rock percussion band, formed in Los Angeles, California in 2004 by Bobby Alt, of S.T.U.N. and Faculty X;	Street Drum Corps	2004
inception	SKP Engineering College (SKPEC) is an engineering college in Chinnakangiyanur, Tiruvannamalai, Tamil Nadu, India, founded in 1999 with the aim of providing a technical education to rural citizens in and around Tiruvannamalai and provide them with the skills needed to pursue successful professional careers.	SKP Engineering College	1999
inception	ASI Controls is a private United States company founded in 1986 in San Ramon, California.	ASI Controls	1986
inception	The Mercer Island Historical Societyl (MIHS) was founded in 1954, when it was incorporated by Washington's Department of State in Olympia.	Mercer Island Historical Society	1954
inception	The Dreamside is a rock and metal band formed in the Netherlands in 1994.	The Dreamside	1994
inception	Slaves to Gravity were an alternative hard rock band formed in the summer of 2006 in London, England.	Slaves to Gravity	2006
inception	The Accreditation Council for TESOL Distance Education Courses or ACTDEC is an independent, non-profit-making body founded in 1993 to seek to ensure quality in TESOL distance-learning courses.	Accreditation Council for TESOL Distance Education Courses	1993
inception	The club was founded in Daejeon, South Korea in 1982 as the ``OB Bears'', and moved to Seoul, South Korea in 1985 before being officially renamed the ``Doosan Bears'' in 1999.	Doosan Bears	1982
inception	The International Stuttering Association (ISA), founded in Linköping, Sweden, in July 1995, is a nonprofit international support group organization for people who stutter.	International Stuttering Association	1995
inception	Vyatka Governorate (Russian: Вятская губерния) was a governorate of the Russian Empire and USSR, with its capital in city Vyatka (now known as Kirov), from 1796 to 1929.	Vyatka Governorate	1796
inception	Hansberry College Prep opened its doors in 2012 as Noble Auburn Gresham College Prep in recognition of the neighborhood in which the school resides.	Hansberry College Prep	2012
inception	The University of Salzburg was formally re-established in 1962 with a Faculty of Catholic Theology and a Faculty of Philosophy.	University of Salzburg	1962
inception	Gnumeric version 1.0 was released on 31 December 2001.	Gnumeric	31 December 2001
inception	Bear Stearns was founded as an equity trading house on May Day 1923 by Joseph Ainslee Bear, Robert B. Stearns and Harold C. Mayer Sr. with $500,000 in capital.	Bear Stearns	1923
inception	National Paralegal College was founded in 2002 by Director Mark Geller, Esq., founder of Legal Data Systems, Inc. and school President Avi Katz.	National Paralegal College	2002
inception	The Cornish Language Partnership (Cornish: Keskowethyans an Taves Kernewek (kɛskɔˈwɛθjans an ˈtavɛs kɛrˈnɛwɛk), (kɛskɔˈwɛθjɐnz ɐn ˈtævɐzs kərˈnuːɐk)) is a representative body that was set up in Cornwall, England, UK in 2005 to promote and develop the use of the Cornish language.	Cornish Language Partnership	2005
inception	The Red Sea Institute of Cinematic Arts officially opened its doors September 2008.	Red Sea Institute of Cinematic Arts	2008
inception	Hougang Secondary School started functioning on 2 January 2001 at 58 Lowland road.	Hougang Secondary School	2001
inception	In 1908, the house was opened as the Hans Christian Andersen Museum.	Hans Christian Andersen Museum	1908
inception	After the Berlin Wall was erected, the club was re-founded in 1963 as TSV Luckenwalde and after unification renamed itself FSV 63 Luckenwalde.	FSV 63 Luckenwalde	1963
inception	Ciner Media Group (Ciner Medya Grubu) is a Turkish media conglomerate established in 2007, part of the Ciner Holding conglomerate.	Ciner Media Group	2007
inception	Rice-Eccles Stadium was also the home field of the Major League Soccer franchise Real Salt Lake from 2005 until October 2008, when Rio Tinto Stadium was opened in the suburb of Sandy, south of Salt Lake City.	Rice-Eccles Stadium	2005
inception	The Museum of Human Anatomy Luigi Rolando (Italian: Museo di anatomia umana Luigi Rolando) is a museum of human anatomy that was founded in 1739 with headquarters in Torino, Italy.	Museum of Human Anatomy Luigi Rolando	1739
inception	Air Ontario Inc. was established in June 1987, when James Plaxton purchased Great Lakes Airlines prior to its bankruptcy, and Air Ontario Ltd. (formerly Great Lakes Airlines, formed in 1958) was formed.	Air Ontario	1987
inception	Rosetta Pebble was formed by Eric Frakes and Steve Gulian in summer 1999, in Barcelona, Spain.	Rosetta Pebble	1999
inception	On March 26, 1917, King Vajiravudh renamed the college Chulalongkorn University.	Chulalongkorn University	1917
inception	The Lisa McPherson Trust was an organisation created in 1999 by Bob Minton.	Lisa McPherson Trust	1999
inception	Malta (Rothmans) International Tournament was a biannual association football friendly competition for national teams that took place in Malta from 1986 to 2008.	Malta (Rothmans) International Tournament	1986
inception	Årabrot is a Norwegian noise-rock band established in 2001, originally from Haugesund, but with a current creative base in Djura and the Oslo-based record label Fysisk Format.	Årabrot	2001
inception	In 1985, it was put into regulation as Foy Provincial Park and designated as ``recreation''-class.	Foy Provincial Park	1985
inception	The Euler Committee of the Swiss Academy of Sciences (also known as the Euler Committee or the Euler Commission) was founded in July 1907 with the objective of publishing the entire scientific production of Leonhard Euler in four series collectively called Opera Omnia (Collected Works in Latin).	Euler Committee of the Swiss Academy of Sciences	1907
inception	It was demerged from BHP Billiton on 22 July 2002 as BHP Steel and renamed BlueScope Steel on 17 November 2003.	BlueScope	2002
inception	British Motor Holdings Limited (BMH) was a British vehicle manufacturing company known until 14 December 1966 as British Motor Corporation Limited (BMC).	British Motor Holdings	14 December 1966
inception	For the first time the Elevate Festival took place in 2005.	Elevate Festival	2005
inception	Gary Backstrom joined, and in the fall of 1989, with the departure of Dan Greenwood, Jiggle the Handle was born.	Jiggle the Handle	1989
inception	Electric Picnic is an annual arts-and-music festival which has been staged since 2004 at Stradbally Hall in Stradbally, County Laois, Ireland.	Electric Picnic	2004
inception	Greenhouse Studios is a music recording facility founded by Bruce Levens in 1987.	Greenhouse Studios	1987
inception	Qntal is a German ``electro-medieval'' band founded in 1991 by Michael Popp and Ernst Horn.	Qntal	1991
inception	The PRISA group was founded in 1972 by Jesús de Polanco who was the major shareholder and the president of the company until his death on 21 July 2007.	PRISA	1972
inception	Comic Relief teamed up with the newly established Sport Relief initiative in 2002 and alternates with Sport Relief, airing every second year in March.	Sport Relief	2002
inception	The intention to found EFQM was signed in October 1988 by 14 European business leaders.	EFQM	1988
inception	BellSouth Telecommunications was formed in 1983 as SBT&T Co..	BellSouth Telecommunications	1983
inception	The School for Poetic Computation (SFPC) is a hybrid of a school, residency and research group that was founded in 2013 in New York.	School for Poetic Computation	2013
inception	Concert TV was founded as an independent company by Jeff Shultz and Michael Shimbo in September 2003.	Concert TV	2003
inception	Cognician is a web-based, e-learning platform for personal development and organisational development produced by Cognician Software (Pty) Ltd. The company is located in Cape Town, South Africa and was founded by brothers Barry Kayton and Patrick Kayton in 2010.	Cognician	2010
inception	Metsä Tissue was originally a forest industry company founded as G.A. Serlachius Oy in 1868 with a wood factory in Mänttä, Finland.	Metsä Tissue	1868
inception	Uzeda is a Sicilian underground rock group founded in 1987 by lead singer Giovanna Cacciola, guitarists Agostino Tilotta and Giovanni Nicosia, bassist Raffaele Gulisano and drummer Davide Oliveri.	Uzeda	1987
inception	The Black Keys are an American rock duo formed in Akron, Ohio, in 2001.	The Black Keys	2001
inception	Young America's Foundation (YAF) is a conservative youth organization, founded in 1969, whose mission is to educate students about conservative principles through conferences and seminars, campus lectures, and campus activism.	Young America's Foundation	1969
inception	Trymedia was founded in 1999 as Trymedia Systems, Inc. by cousins Alex Torrubia and Andres Torrubia.	Trymedia	1999
inception	Privately held and based in Boston, Apperian was founded in January 2009 as a third-party developer of enterprise iPhone apps before announcing EASE in 2010.	Apperian	2009
inception	The company Action Forms was founded in 1995.	Action Forms	1995
inception	Established in 1990, Splashy Fen is South Africa's longest-running music festival, which every Easter attracts thousands of people to a farm near Underberg, KwaZulu-Natal for a unique outdoor music experience.	Splashy Fen	1990
inception	The Innovation, Development and Employment Alliance is a business coalition launched in May 2009, aimed at securing intellectual property rights in a number of areas, including environmentally sound technology, healthcare and renewable energy.	Innovation, Development and Employment Alliance	2009
inception	Year of Desolation is an American metal band formed in Indiana in 2001.	Year of Desolation	2001
inception	Claes Lövgrens is a dansband from Billesholm in Sweden, established in 1994, and scoring album chart successes in Sweden by the early 2010s.	Claes Lövgrens	1994
inception	The ABS-CBN News Channel was originally established in 1996 as the Sarimanok News Network or SNN.	ABS-CBN News Channel	1996
inception	The B-Boy crew Flying Steps was formed in 1993 by Kadir Memis (``Amigo'') and Vartan Bassil in Berlin.	Flying Steps	1993
inception	Crédit Industriel et Commercial (CIC) is a financial services group in France, founded in 1859 With its parent-company, Crédit Mutuel it is the fourth largest bank in the country.	Crédit Industriel et Commercial	1859
inception	CIH Bank was created in 1920 as Caisse de prêts immobiliers du Maroc (CPIM).	CIH Bank	1920
inception	Two years later, in 1913, the Deauville and Biarritz couture shops of Coco Chanel offered for sale prêt-à-porter sports clothes for women, the practical designs of which allowed the wearer to play sport.	Chanel	1913
inception	The Echternach Gospels (Paris, Bib. N., MS. lat. 9389) were produced, presumably, at Lindisfarne Abbey in Northumbria around the year 690.	Echternach Gospels	690
inception	The Cincinnati Ballet is a professional ballet company founded in 1958 in Cincinnati, Ohio, United States and had its first performance in 1964.	Cincinnati Ballet	1958
inception	Aloft Hotels was conceived in 2005 by Starwood Hotels.	Aloft Hotels	2005
inception	Small Planet Institute is a nonprofit organization founded by Frances Moore Lappé and Anna Lappé in 2001.	Small Planet Institute	2001
inception	The American Board of Medicolegal Death Investigators (ABMDI) was founded in February 1998, following research by the Chief Medical Examiner of Milwaukee, Dr Jeffrey Jantzen, which revealed a lack of regulation in the skills needed for medicolegal death investigations.	American Board of Medicolegal Death Investigators	1998
inception	Impulse Airlines was an independent airline in Australia which operated regional and low cost trunk services between 1992 and 2004.	Impulse Airlines	1992
inception	Noble Street College Prep was founded by Michael and Tonya Milkie with the support of the Northwestern University Settlement Association in 1999 and is the original campus of Noble Network of Charter Schools.	Noble Street College Prep	1999
inception	Hercegovac Bileća later withdrew from the league in 2012 and the club took on a new name in KK HEO and re-joined the second division Srpska Liga.	KK HEO	2012
inception	On June 30, 2014, Canal 13 reported through its official Facebook page relaunching the international channel, now under the name 13i.	13i	2014
inception	Razorcuts were an indie pop band formed in 1984 in London.	Razorcuts	1984
inception	The Indian Science Writers' Association (ISWA) was established on April-14, 1985 to develop and nurture the science writing and science communication professions in India.	Indian Science Writers' Association	1985
inception	Golden Bay Air originated in 2006 as Capital Air and later changed its name in 2009.	Golden Bay Air	2006
inception	Solvac is a Belgian holding founded in 1983, which groups the investments of the descendants of Ernest Solvay in Solvay of which it is the largest single shareholder with 30% of its shares.	Solvac	1983
inception	Hong Kong Legends was a United Kingdom DVD distribution company, based in Hertfordshire and operating from the UK and Australia between 1999 and 2007.	Hong Kong Legends	1999
inception	The World Socialist Party of the United States (WSPUS) is a socialist political organization that was established in Detroit, Michigan as the Socialist Party of the United States in 1916 and which operated as the Socialist Educational Society in the 1920s before being renamed the Workers' Socialist Party.	World Socialist Party of the United States	1916
inception	The Virtual Global University (VGU) is a private organization founded in 2001 by 17 professors of Business Informatics from 14 different universities in Germany, Austria and Switzerland.	Virtual Global University	2001
inception	Riekert started recording under the name Battery 9 in 1994, bored with the creative constraints of a standard rock band format.	Battery 9	1994
inception	The channel was granted approval under the name TFN - The Fight Network, however, it was launched on September 22, 2005 as the Fight Network, commonly abbreviated as TFN.	Fight Network	2005
inception	The Australian Society of Soil Science Incorporated (ASSSI) was founded 1955 to ``advance soil science in the professional, academic, and technical fields''.	Australian Society of Soil Science Incorporated	1955
inception	Imoco Volley is an Italian women's volleyball club founded in 2012.	Imoco Volley	2012
inception	The new company of former PLUNA workers adopted the name Alas-U, but in October 2013 as reformulated Alas Uruguay.	Alas Uruguay	2013
inception	After years of debating, KMPX first signed on the air on September 15, 1993 as the flagship station of the religious broadcast network Daystar.	KMPX	1993
inception	The Moon and the Nightspirit is a Hungarian folk music duo founded in 2003 by Ágnes Tóth and Mihály Szabó.	The Moon and the Nightspirit	2003
inception	The Lucky Bullets is a Norwegian rockabilly band, formed in 2006.	The Lucky Bullets	2006
inception	SESAC was founded in 1930, making it the second-oldest, and also the fastest-growing P.R.O. in the United States.	SESAC	1930
inception	Established in 2005 as part of the annual Amsterdam Sport Weekend, a citywide sponsored initiative to promote 'sports and recreation' within the city of Amsterdam, the Copa Amsterdam is an international football youth tournament held in the historic Olympic Stadium since 2010.	Copa Amsterdam	2005
inception	Zonic was a British software developer, founded in 1996.	Zonic	1996
inception	WTTH first signed on as WFOU in 1989.	WTTH	1989
inception	Vulgar Pang is gothic rock band from Appleton, Wisconsin formed in 2004 by vocalist and multi-instrumentalist Craig Hawkinson.	Vulgar Pang	2004
inception	1985 Basware was founded 1990 Management buy-out 1992 First Basware Financial Management software introduced 1997 First Basware Invoice Processing software introduced;	Basware	1985
inception	1991 Norek established 1996 Introduced the first webshop with Komplett.no 1999 Norkom established as the result of a merger between Komplett and Norek 2000 Noted on the Oslo Stock Exchange (OSE).	Komplett	1996
inception	The Australian National Imams Council (ANIC) was formed in 2006 during a meeting of more than 80 imams which had gathered to discuss the crisis created by comments made by Taj El-Din Hilaly.	Australian National Imams Council	2006
inception	Screaming Headless Torsos , also known as the Torsos or SHT is a genre-defying rock band formed in 1989 consisting of founding member and guitarist David Fiuczynski, vocalist Freedom Bremner, bassist David Ginyard, percussionist Daniel Sadownick, and the alternating drum chair of Gene Lake, Skoota Warner and James ``Biscuit'' Rouse.	Screaming Headless Torsos	1989
inception	The Matubhum Party (Thai: พรรคมาตุภูมิ, Phak Matubhum, English: Motherland Party) is a minor political party in Thailand, founded in November 2008.	Matubhum Party	2008
inception	The Evergreen Symphony Orchestra (ESO; Chinese: 長榮交響樂團; pinyin: Chángróng Jiāoxiǎng Yuètuán) is a Taiwanese orchestra founded by Chang Yung-Fa Foundation of Evergreen Group in 2001.	Evergreen Symphony Orchestra	2001
inception	Indecent Obsession (also seen as Obsession) were an Australian pop rock band formed early in 1987 in Brisbane with founding mainstays Daryl Sims on drums and Michael Szumowski on keyboards.	Indecent Obsession	1987
inception	Since its founding in 1997, MediaTek has been creating chipset solutions for the global market.	MediaTek	1997
inception	Automatika was started by two Carnegie Mellon University graduates in 1995.	Automatika	1995
inception	A.P.C. is a French ready-to-wear brand, founded in 1987 by the Tunisian Jewish fashion designer Jean Touitou in Paris.	A.P.C.	1987
inception	VM Motori was founded by two entrepreneurs, Claudio Vancini and Ugo Martelli (hence the ``VM'') in 1947.	VM Motori	1947
inception	Meenakshi Sundararajan Engineering College (MSEC) (Tamil:மீனாட்சி சுந்தரராஜன் பொறியியல் கல்லூரி) is an engineering college in Kodambakkam, Chennai, Tamil Nadu, India and it is founded in 2001.	Meenakshi Sundararajan Engineering College	2001
inception	The Dame Kelly Holmes Trust is a charity that was set up in 2008 by double Olympic champion, Dame Kelly Holmes, and supports athletes as they transition from sport, and uses their skills and experience to transform the lives of disadvantaged young people through mentoring programmes.	Dame Kelly Holmes Trust	2008
inception	Fools Garden is a German musical group, formed in 1991 under the name Fool's Garden, comprising singer Peter Freudenthaler, guitarist Volker Hinkel, bassist Thomas Mangold, keyboardist Roland Röhl and drummer Ralf Wochele.	Fools Garden	1991
inception	In 1967, the Maruki Gallery for the Hiroshima Panels, was established in Higashi-Matsuyama, Saitama, Japan, as a permanent home for The Hiroshima Panels.	The Hiroshima Panels	1967
inception	On November 14, 2006, Direct Air announced nonstop service from Myrtle Beach to Newark, Niagara Falls, and Plattsburgh, New York.	Direct Air	2006
inception	Chuvanskoye was founded in 1930 as a collective farm, which was reorganised in the 1940s as the Chuvanskoye Kolkhoz ``Znamya Sovetov'' (although other sources suggest the village was not formally established until 1951).	Chuvanskoye	1951
inception	Psychotica are an American industrial band, formed in 1994 by Pat Briggs and Tommy Salmorin with a band consisting of Paul Kostabi, cellist Enrique Tiru Velez, backing vocalist Reeka, and drummer Buz.	Psychotica	1994
inception	Eshkol Academy was an all-boys Orthodox Jewish day school in Maryland that existed from fall 2002 to 2004.	Eshkol Academy	2002
inception	It was established on 30 October 2004 under the name Macedonian Alliance for European Integration and was registered as a political party on 8 June 2005.	Macedonian Alliance for European Integration	30 October 2004
inception	Electric Magma was formed between 2000-2001 by Tryg Smith, Tim Reesor and Tom Brouard.	Electric Magma	2001
inception	Steve Orenstein founded Wicked Pictures in 1993, with help from Brad and Cynthia Willis, after developing an interest in creative aspects of film production while a partner in his previous adult company, X-Citement Video.	Wicked Pictures	1993
inception	Cathedrals & Cars are an English alternative rock band formed in 2011.	Cathedrals & Cars	2011
inception	Guardly was founded in 2010 by Josh Sookman, the company's current CEO.	Guardly	2010
inception	OneScreen was founded in 2009 by CEO Atul Patel, who was also a founding member of Optimal Inc, LeadiD, and LeadROI.	OneScreen	2009
inception	Introduced in 1892 by wholesale grocer Joel Owsley Cheek (1852-1935), it was named in honor of the Maxwell House Hotel in Nashville, Tennessee.	Maxwell House	1892
inception	Solovair is a brand of British-made boots and footwear, produced by NPS Shoes Ltd., which was established in 1881.	Solovair	1881
inception	Re-Volts EP (2007)	Re-Volts	2007
inception	KBTE signed on the air as KDOA in 1988.	KBTE	1988
inception	The Oyster Bay Main Street Association is a 501(c)(3) not-for-profit organization founded in 2001.	Oyster Bay Main Street Association	2001
inception	Anghami is the first legal music streaming platform and digital distribution company in the MENA region launched in November 2012 providing unlimited Arabic and International music to stream and download for offline mode.	Anghami	2012
inception	Satalyst Verve Racing Team is an Australian UCI Continental cycling team established in 2015.	Satalyst Verve Racing Team	2015
inception	Alien Crime Syndicate, often abbreviated to ACS, were a rock band formed in San Francisco, California, in 1997.	Alien Crime Syndicate	1997
inception	Helicon Records (Hebrew: הליקון‎) is a record label which was founded in Israel in 1985.	Helicon Records	1985
inception	The University of Akureyri (Icelandic: Háskólinn á Akureyri) was founded on September 5, 1987, in the city of Akureyri in the northeastern part of Iceland.	University of Akureyri	1987
inception	Established in March 2007, WCRX-LP broadcasts a community radio jazz music format to the greater Columbus, Ohio, area.	WCRX-LP	2007
inception	Oknoplast is a Polish multinational company established in 1994 in Kraków that manufactures PVC windows, window components, doors, aluminium products and roller shutters.	Oknoplast	1994
inception	Bandmembers Darren Richard and Charles Kim first met at Vanderbilt University, and began playing music on the Nashville club scene starting in 1990; in 1994 they moved to Chicago and formed Pinetop Seven.	Pinetop Seven	1994
inception	Music of Life is a British independent dance music label formed in 1986 by two influential DJ remixers, Froggy and Simon Harris, managed by Chris France.	Music of Life	1986
inception	Arizona State University was established as the Territorial Normal School at Tempe on March 12, 1885, when the 13th Arizona Territorial Legislature passed an act to create a normal school to train teachers for the Arizona Territory.	Arizona State University	1885
inception	The Museum of Fine Arts Bern (German: Kunstmuseum Bern), established in 1879 in Bern, is the oldest art museum in Switzerland with a permanent collection.	Museum of Fine Arts Bern	1879
inception	Braskem was formed in 2002, already Latin America's leading petrochemical company, with industrial units and offices in Brazil, as well as commercial bases in the United States and Argentina.	Braskem	2002
inception	Icarus the Owl is an American alternative rock band based in Portland, Oregon formed in 2009.	Icarus the Owl	2009
inception	Otokar began business in 1963 as Turkey's first intercity bus manufacturing company under the license of Magirus Deutz of Istanbul.	Otokar	1963
inception	Sitrick and Company is a Los Angeles-based public relations firm started by Mike Sitrick in 1989.	Sitrick and Company	1989
inception	Streetlight Manifesto is an American ska punk band from New Brunswick, New Jersey formed in 2002.	Streetlight Manifesto	2002
inception	The Adventures were a Northern Irish rock band, formed in Belfast in 1984.	The Adventures	1984
inception	Shinhwa (Hangul: 신화; hanja: 神話) is a South Korean six-member boy band that debuted on 24 March 1998 with:	Shinhwa	1998
inception	The FilmArtFestival Mecklenburg-Pomerania in Schwerin (German: filmkunstfest Mecklenburg-Vorpommern), founded in 1991 -- just after the fall of the wall -- is today one of East Germany's largest film festivals with more than 17,000 visitors.	FilmArtFestival Mecklenburg-Pomerania	1991
inception	É o Tchan! is a popular pagode band from Salvador, Bahia, Brazil that started in 1992.	É o Tchan!	1992
inception	Since 1988, Austal has designed and constructed over 250 vessels for navies, defense forces and commercial fleet operators around the world, including the United States Navy and the Royal Australian Navy.	Austal	1988
inception	Capital City Academy was built to replace its predecessor Willesden High School, with its construction on the old school's playing fields opening in 2003.	Capital City Academy	2003
inception	Codeine Velvet Club was a Scottish alternative rock band formed in 2008 by Lou Hickey and Jon Lawler, aka Jon Fratelli from The Fratellis.	Codeine Velvet Club	2008
inception	LucasVarity plc was a UK automotive parts manufacturer, created by a merger of the British Lucas Industries plc, and the North American Varity Corporation in August 1996.	LucasVarity	1996
inception	Sony Movie Channel is an American television channel that was launched on October 1, 2010.	Sony Movie Channel	2010
inception	Pull Tiger Tail (often abbreviated to PTT) were an indie rock band based in London and originating from Stratford-upon-Avon and Edinburgh; they formed in 2006 while attending Goldsmiths College.	Pull Tiger Tail	2006
inception	Rainbow and Greens (虹と緑, Niji to Midori), was a Green political organization in Japan from 1998--2008.	Rainbow and Greens	1998
inception	Cheeky Records was founded in 1991 by the producer/remixer Rollo Armstrong, the brother of Dido, notable for being a member of Faithless.	Cheeky Records	1991
inception	Anaheim Sports, Inc., formerly 'Disney Sports Enterprises, Inc. (DSE), was a fully owned subsidiary of the Walt Disney Company based in Anaheim, California and created in 1992 as the ownership group for the Mighty Ducks of Anaheim professional hockey team.	Anaheim Sports	1992
inception	Fiji Water was started in 1996 by a Canadian businessman named David Gilmour, the company originally called Nature's Best.	Fiji Water	1996
inception	Half Note Records is a jazz record label founded by the Blue Note Jazz Club in 1998.	Half Note Records	1998
inception	The New York City Fire Museum is located in the former quarters of FDNY Engine Company No. 30, a renovated 1904 fire house at 278 Spring Street between Varick and Hudson Streets in the Hudson Square neighborhood of Manhattan, New York City.	New York City Fire Museum	1904
inception	Clifford Chance was formed in 1987 by the merger of two London-based law firms, Clifford Turner and Coward Chance.	Clifford Chance	1987
inception	Sony Pictures Family Entertainment Group (also known as Sony Family Entertainment Group) is an American and global company that was established in February 1999 by Sony Pictures Entertainment that handles all of the family programs and films by Sony Pictures.	Sony Pictures Family Entertainment Group	1999
inception	The first Creamfields was held at The Matterley Bowl in Winchester on May 2/3, in 1998.	Creamfields	1998
inception	The company was founded in 1906 as the ``New Balance Arch Support Company'' and is one of the world's major sports footwear manufacturers.	New Balance	1906
inception	Best Fwends EP (2004, Moshi Moshi) EP 2 (2006, Moshi Moshi)	Best Fwends	2004
inception	Mercury Marine, founded in 1939 as Kiekhaefer Mercury, is a division of the Brunswick Corporation.	Mercury Marine	1939
inception	Maylene and the Sons of Disaster is an American Southern heavy metal band formed in 2004 in Birmingham, Alabama.	Maylene and the Sons of Disaster	2004
inception	The American Jewish Historical Society (AJHS) was founded in 1892 with the mission to foster awareness and appreciation of the American Jewish heritage and to serve as a national scholarly resource for research through the collection, preservation and dissemination of materials relating to American Jewish history.	American Jewish Historical Society	1892
inception	The Cameroonian American Chamber of Commerce (CAMAM) is an NGO founded in 2014 with the aim of advocating for private sector development in Cameroon by promoting the active engagement of the diaspora in the United States, as well as generating awareness about investment opportunities in Cameroon.	Cameroonian American Chamber of Commerce	2014
inception	Sunovion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (former NASDAQ: SEPR), known until October 12, 2010 as Sepracor, Inc. prior to its acquisition by Dainippon Sumitomo Pharma of Japan, is a pharmaceutical company founded in 1984 by Timothy J. Barberich, Steve Matson, and Bob Bratzler.	Sunovion	1984
inception	Associació Club Penya Encarnada d'Andorra was founded in 2009 as a cultural association for the promotion of football and sport in the parish of Andorra la Vella in defense of the name and honor of the House of Benfica.	Penya Encarnada d'Andorra	2009
inception	Opening in 1993 with full-scale construction extending back to 1986, Shanghai Metro is the third oldest rapid transit system in mainland China, after the Beijing Subway and the Tianjin Metro.	Shanghai Metro	1993
inception	Unpakt founded in November 2010 after observing the complicated process of searching for a moving company.	Unpakt	2010
inception	The Section 108 Study Group was a select committee of copyright experts, convened in 2005 by the Library of Congress' Copyright Office, and charged with updating for the digital world the United States Copyright Act's balance between the rights of creators and copyright owners and the needs of libraries and archives.	Section 108 Study Group	2005
inception	On Friday 5 August 2011, Keystone Bank Limited was issued a commercial banking license by the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN).	Keystone Bank Limited	2011
inception	The Social Progress Imperative is a US-based nonprofit created in 2012 best known for the Social Progress Index, a multi-indicator index that assesses the social and environmental performance of different countries.	Social Progress Imperative	2012
inception	Port Elizabeth was founded as a town in 1820 to house British settlers as a way of strengthening the border region between the Cape Colony and the Xhosa.	Port Elizabeth	1820
inception	The Labor Heritage Foundation began presenting the Joe Hill Award in 1989.	Joe Hill Award	1989
inception	The Baltimore Steam Packet Company, nicknamed the Old Bay Line, was an American steamship line from 1840 to 1962 that provided overnight steamboat service on the Chesapeake Bay, primarily between Baltimore, Maryland, and Norfolk, Virginia.	Baltimore Steam Packet Company	1840
inception	The Abortion Rights Coalition of Canada (ARCC) is a Canadian pro-choice organization which was founded in 2005.	Abortion Rights Coalition of Canada	2005
inception	The roots of Ameristar Casinos date to 1954 when ``Cactus Pete'' Piersanti opened Cactus Petes Desert Lodge on U.S. Route 93 just south of the Idaho border in Elko County.	Ameristar Casinos	1954
inception	Little Joy is a Brazilian/American rock supergroup formed in 2007 by Los Hermanos singer/guitarist Rodrigo Amarante, the Strokes drummer Fabrizio Moretti, and Binki Shapiro.	Little Joy	2007
inception	Australia 21 is a non-profit organisation started in Canberra in 2001.	Australia 21	2001
inception	The Guild of One-Name Studies is a UK-based charitable organisation founded in 1979 for one-name studies.	Guild of One-Name Studies	1979
inception	Link TV was launched as a daily, 24-hour non-commercial network in 1999.	Link TV	1999
inception	TenneT was formed in 1998 when the Dutch electricity industry was liberalised, and was incorporated as a business in 2001 with the passing of the Electricity Production Sector Transition Act.	TenneT	1998
inception	The Olympus E-1, introduced in 2003, was the first DSLR system camera designed from the ground up for digital photography This contrasts with its contemporaries which offered systems based on reused parts from previous 135 film systems, modified to fit with a sensor size of APS-C.	Olympus E-1	2003
inception	Talley Dunn Gallery, formerly the Dunn and Brown Contemporary (1999--2011), is a commercial art gallery located on 5020 Tracy Street Dallas, Texas that shows emerging to established artists.	Talley Dunn Gallery	1999
inception	The Croatian Cricket Federation is Croatia's representative at the International Cricket Council as an affiliate member since 2001.	Croatian Cricket Federation	2001
inception	FK Jelgava has played since their foundation in 2004 in the 1.	FK Jelgava	2004
inception	The 9/11 Family Steering Committee was an organization of twelve relatives of victims of the September 11, 2001 attacks on the World Trade Center.	9/11 Family Steering Committee	2001
inception	Perfecto Records is a United Kingdom based trance record label, founded by Paul Oakenfold in 1989.	Perfecto Records	1989
inception	Launching in December 1994, Sega Channel was provided to the public by TCI and Time Warner Cable through cable television services by way of coaxial cable.	Sega Channel	1994
inception	The Māori Television Service is a state sector organisation in New Zealand that was established on 7 May 2003 under the Māori Television Service (Te Aratuku Whakāta Irirangi Māori) Act 2003 to replace the Te Reo Māori Television Trust (Te Awhiorangi).	Māori Television Service	2003
inception	The People's Front of Liberation Tigers (Tamil: விடுதலைப் புலிகள் மக்கள் முன்னணி) is a political party in Sri Lanka, founded as the political wing of the LTTE in 1989.	People's Front of Liberation Tigers	1989
inception	The Royal Architectural Institute of Canada (RAIC), also known since 2012 as Architecture Canada, is a Canadian association, founded in 1907, that represents over 3,600 Canadian architects and faculty and graduates of Canadian schools of architecture.	Royal Architectural Institute of Canada	1907
inception	Dragony was founded in 2007 by guitarist Daniel Stockinger and lead vocalist Siegfried Samer.	Dragony	2007
inception	The Church of England Zenana Missionary Society (CEZMS; founded 1880), also known as the Church of England Zenana Mission, was a British Anglican Christian missionary society established to spread Christianity in India.	Church of England Zenana Missionary Society	1880
inception	The German publishing company ``Bibliographisches Institut'' was founded 1826 in Gotha by Joseph Meyer, moved 1828 to Hildburghausen and 1874 to Leipzig.	Bibliographisches Institut	1826
inception	Vattenfall (then called Kungliga Vattenfallsstyrelsen/Royal Waterfall Board) was founded in 1909 as a state-owned enterprise in Sweden.	Vattenfall	1909
inception	Mayors for Peace is an international organization of cities dedicated to the promotion of peace that was established in 1982 at the initiative of then Mayor of Hiroshima Takeshi Araki, in response to the deaths of around 140,000 people due to the atomic bombing of the city on August 6, 1945.	Mayors for Peace	1982
inception	The East of England Regiment (EER) was the infantry unit of the Territorial Army of the East Midlands and East Anglia from 1 July 1999 to 1 April 2006.	East of England Regiment	1999
inception	The Ibsen Centennial Commemoration Award (Norwegian: Ibsenstatuetten) was awarded by the Government of Norway in commemoration of playwright Henrik Ibsen on the occasion of the 2006 Ibsen Year, the 100th anniversary of Ibsen's death.	Ibsen Centennial Commemoration Award	2006
inception	In 1989 Flint Academy High School closed and the school merged with Southwestern to become Flint Southwestern Academy.	Flint Southwestern Academy	1989
inception	They went through a variety of names before settling on Bloc Party in 2003.	Bloc Party	2003
inception	Wellbody Alliance was founded in 2006 by Dr. Bailor Barrie, a recent graduate of The University of Sierra Leone's medical school in Freetown, and Dr. Dan Kelly, a medical student from Princeton University.	Wellbody Alliance	2006
inception	Milk Kan is a musical duo from south London, England, formed in 2003.	Milk Kan	2003
inception	Established in 1999 the Gulf Coast Film Festival features independent films from local, regional and international artists in various categories ranging from short films to documentaries.	Gulf Coast Film Festival	1999
inception	Splashpower Ltd. was a United Kingdom-based company founded in June 2001.	Splashpower	2001
inception	Holy Spirit College was founded in 2005 as an undergraduate college offering courses in the Liberal Arts to students of Holy Spirit Preparatory School.	Holy Spirit College	2005
inception	Liberty Interactive was originally a division of Liberty Media; on September 28, 1998, Liberty Media announced the formation of Liberty Interactive, a division which would take advantage of new technologies such as set-top boxes to develop interactive programming.	Liberty Interactive	1998
inception	The Kingdom of Galicia and Lodomeria, also known as Austrian Poland, was a crownland of the Habsburg Monarchy since the First Partition of Poland in 1772, when it became a Kingdom under Habsburg rule.	Kingdom of Galicia and Lodomeria	1772
inception	MCST (Russian: МЦСТ, accoryme for Moscow Center of SPARC Technologies) is a microprocessor company that was set up in the 1992.	MCST	1992
inception	Schocken Books (Schocken Verlag) is a publishing company that was established in Berlin with a publishing office in Prague in 1931 by the Schocken Department Store owner Salman Schocken.	Schocken Books	1931
inception	Coming together in 1998, Mars Ill has released several albums and EPs through independent record labels and two albums on Gotee Records.	Mars Ill	1998
inception	The Zimbabwe National Paralympic Committee was only officially launched and registered in 2010.	Zimbabwe National Paralympic Committee	2010
inception	Executive Outcomes was a private military company (PMC) founded in South Africa by former Lieutenant-Colonel of the South African Defence Force Eeben Barlow in 1989.	Executive Outcomes	1989
inception	A Soncin raced by Henri François Béconnais set the 1 km speed record (48 seconds) on September 21, 1899 at Achères, and the speed record of 91.8 km/h (57.0 mph) driving a Soncin at the ``Semaine de Nice'' on March 30, 1900.	Soncin	1899
inception	Infoseek was a popular search engine founded in 1994 by Steve Kirsch.	Infoseek	1994
inception	The Permanent Joint Headquarters was established in April 1996 to enhance the operational effectiveness and efficiency of UK-led joint, potentially joint and multi-national operations, and to exercise operational command of UK forces assigned to multinational operations led by others.	Permanent Joint Headquarters	1996
inception	The Sulzbacher Center signed a 25-year lease of the property in 1995.	Sulzbacher Center	1995
inception	Founded in 1883, the University of Sioux Falls is a Christian liberal arts university located in Sioux Falls, in the U.S. state of South Dakota.	University of Sioux Falls	1883
inception	Mahanadi Coalfields Limited was carved out of South Eastern Coalfields Limited in 1992 with its headquarters at Sambalpur.	Mahanadi Coalfields	1992
inception	The American Colonization Society (ACS; in full, The Society for the Colonization of Free People of Color of America), established in 1816 by Robert Finley of New Jersey, was founded by groups otherwise opposed to each other on the issue of slavery.	American Colonization Society	1816
inception	The Pole of Good Government (Italian: Polo del Buon Governo) was a centre-right political and electoral alliance in Italy, launched at the 1994 general election by Silvio Berlusconi.	Pole of Good Government	1994
inception	Osvajači were originally formed in 1990.	Osvajači	1990
inception	Gazikumukh Khanate was a Lak state that was established in present-day Dagestan after the disintegration of Gazikumukh Shamkhalate in 1642.	Gazikumukh Khanate	1642
inception	FenCon was held September 24--26, 2004, at the Holiday Inn Select North Dallas in Farmers Branch, Texas.	FenCon	2004
inception	The Liberal Democrats were formed on 3 March 1988 by a merger between the Liberal Party and the Social Democratic Party, which had formed a pact nearly seven years earlier as the SDP--	Liberal Democrats	3 March 1988
inception	Voice Male formed at Utah State University in 1994 as a nine man group, Over the next two years several members of the group left, and auditions were held for replacements.	Voice Male	1994
inception	Begun in the 1970s in Los Angeles as the mail-order business Accoutrements, in 1983 it opened a retail outlet dubbed ``Archie McPhee'' after Pahlow's wife's great-uncle.	Archie McPhee	1983
inception	The Throwdowns is an American pop-island-reggae-dance band from Maui, Hawaii, formed in 2009.	The Throwdowns	2009
inception	The Glengarry Bhoys, founded in 1998, is a Celtic fusion band blending traditional Scottish and Irish music with modern Celtic and contemporary sounds.	Glengarry Bhoys	1998
inception	Hadag Nahash (Hebrew: הדג נחש‎ ha-Dag Naḥash) is an Israeli hip hop/funk band, founded in 1996 in Jerusalem.	Hadag Nahash	1996
inception	Mannequin Depressives are a Canadian synthpop group formed in 1998 in Calgary.	Mannequin Depressives	1998
inception	The Birds of Satan are an American progressive/hard rock group, assembled in the spring of 2014 as a side-project led by Taylor Hawkins of the Foo Fighters.	The Birds of Satan	2014
inception	Wessex Mills Group is a small non-profit society formed in June 2003 to act as a centre for the wind and watermill heritage of the counties of Devon, Dorset, Somerset and Wiltshire in the United Kingdom.	Wessex Mills Group	2003
inception	Mixcloud was founded as a startup company through the lean startup process in 2008 by Nikhil Shah and Nico Perez, who met at the University of Cambridge.	Mixcloud	2008
inception	Ontario Hydro, established in 1906 as the Hydro-Electric Power Commission of Ontario, was a publicly owned electricity utility in the Province of Ontario.	Ontario Hydro	1906
inception	The Editions Librisme is a publishing association founded in 2005 by Swiss publisher and business lawyer Louise Bonadio.	Editions Librisme	2005
inception	The Abbey National Building Society was formed following the merger in 1944 of what had become Abbey Road Building Society (already the second largest) and National Building Society (at the time the sixth largest).	Abbey National	1944
inception	Hooverphonic is a Belgian band that formed in October 1995.	Hooverphonic	1995
inception	Klocwork was founded in 2001 as a spin-out of Nortel Networks and has over 1,000 customers who use its software development tools.	Klocwork	2001
inception	The Royal Nordic Society of Antiquaries (Danish: Det Kongelige Nordiske Oldskriftselskab; Icelandic: Hið konunglega norræna fornfræðafélag) was founded in Denmark on 28 January 1825 by among others Carl Christian Rafn and Rasmus Rask.	Royal Nordic Society of Antiquaries	1825
inception	IP Payments was founded in 2004 by Jamie Collins, Mark Lewis and Anthony Fulton.	IP Payments	2004
inception	HIM International Music (華研國際音樂股份有限公司) is a Taiwanese independent record label and artist management company established in 1999.	HIM International Music	1999
inception	The Pew Charitable Trusts is an independent non-profit, non-governmental organization (NGO), founded in 1948.	The Pew Charitable Trusts	1948
inception	Information Technology High School opened in 2003 and graduated its first class in 2007.	Information Technology High School	2003
inception	By Light was founded in 2002 by a group of telecommunications industry veterans.	By Light	2002
inception	The People's Library, also known as Fort Patti or the Occupy Wall Street Library (OWS Library), was a library founded in September 2011 by Occupy Wall Street protesters in lower Manhattan's Zuccotti Park located in the Financial District of New York City.	The People's Library	2011
inception	The Congress for Cultural Freedom (CCF) was an anti-communist advocacy group founded in 1950.	Congress for Cultural Freedom	1950
inception	EHNAC was founded in 1993 and is a federally-recognized and tax-exempt, 501(c)(6) non-profit accrediting body with the end purpose of improving transactional quality, operational efficiency and data security in healthcare.	EHNAC	1993
inception	Internationales Jazzfestival Sankt Ingbert is a jazz festival in Sankt Ingbert, Germany, happening yearly since 1987.	Internationales Jazzfestival Sankt Ingbert	1987
inception	Kazakhstan was the last of the Soviet republics to declare independence following the dissolution of the Soviet Union in 1991.	Kazakhstan	1991
inception	Tersivel is an Argentine Pagan metal band from Buenos Aires, formed in 2004.	Tersivel	2004
inception	HD Mining International is a Vancouver, BC based mining company and linked to Murray River Project, a longwall coal mine in Peace River Country near Tumbler Ridge, BC. HD Mining was registered as BC enterprise in 2011 and based out of Vancouver.	HD Mining International	2011
inception	The Association of Free Democrats (German: Bund Freier Demokraten) was a liberal coalition formed in East Germany on 12 February 1990.	Association of Free Democrats	1990
inception	Air Armament Center on 1 October 1998 Inactivated on 1 October 2012	Air Armament Center	1998
inception	The National University Hospital (Abbreviation: NUH; Chinese: 国立大学医院; Malay: Hospital Universiti Nasional Singapura) was established in 1985 and it serves as a tertiary hospital, clinical training centre and research centre for the medical and dental faculties of the National University of Singapore (NUS).	National University Hospital	1985
inception	NSTG Aussig was formed through the 1939 union of a number of smaller local sides around the core of Deutscher Fußballklub Aussig.	NSTG Aussig	1939
inception	The Thelonious Monk Institute of Jazz is a non-profit music education organization co-founded in 1986 by Thelonious Monk III, the son of the late American jazz musician Thelonious Monk, opera singer Maria Fisher and jazz musician Clark Terry.	Thelonious Monk Institute of Jazz	1986
inception	Pop Culture Press Records is an indie label started in 2013 funded with an Indiegogo campaign.	Pop Culture Press Records	2013
inception	Jade Cargo International was established in October 2004 and was co-owned by Shenzhen Airlines, which had a 51% stake, Lufthansa Cargo with 25% and DEG --	Jade Cargo International	2004
inception	The race was introduced in 1997 as the O2 Prague Grand Prix, and is a part of the RunCzech running circuit.	Prague Grand Prix	1997
inception	Thrush Hermit was formed in Halifax, Nova Scotia in 1992 by Joel Plaskett (vocals, guitar), Rob Benvie (vocals, guitar), Ian McGettigan (vocals, bass), and Michael Catano (drums).	Thrush Hermit	1992
inception	AmpleBosom.com is a UK based online and mail order bra, lingerie, swimwear, nightwear and clothing retailer founded in 1999 by Sally Robinson, based on a family run farm in Old Byland, North Yorkshire.	AmpleBosom	1999
inception	The Department of Transportation Distinguished Service Medal was established by Executive Order 12824 signed by President George H. W. Bush on December 7, 1992.	Transportation Distinguished Service Medal	1992
inception	The Columbia City Jazz Dance Company (CCJC) was formed in 1990 by artistic director Dale Lam and was named one of the ``Top 50 Dance Companies in the USA'' by Dance Spirit magazine for the 2002/2003 season.	Columbia City Jazz Dance Company	1990
inception	Sterling EQ was formed in 2007, and is led by flautist Carina Bruwer, who is also an ex-professional open water swimmer, who holds some South African and international records.	Sterling EQ	2007
inception	Harvest Records is a major record label belonging to Capitol Music Group, originally created by EMI, active from 1969 to present.	Harvest Records	1969
inception	The Rainbirds are a German Pop rock band established in 1986 around the singer Katharina Franck.	Rainbirds	1986
inception	The Natalia Republic was a short-lived Boer republic, established in 1839 by local Afrikaans-speaking Voortrekkers shortly after the Battle of Blood River.	Natalia Republic	1839
inception	The McCall Outdoor Science School was founded in 2001 by Dr. Steve Hollenhorst of the University of Idaho College of Natural Resources and Greg Fizzell of the Palouse-Clearwater Environmental Institute.	McCall Outdoor Science School	2001
inception	The Incredible Penguins were an Australian supergroup formed in 1985, which reached the top ten on the Australian Kent Music Report Singles Chart with their cover of ``Happy Xmas (War Is Over)'' in December.	The Incredible Penguins	1985
inception	The club was formed in 2003 under the name KK Vizura.	KK Vizura	2003
inception	Laboratoires Expanscience was created in 1950 by Paul Berthomé and Claude Guillon and is a pharmaceutical laboratory specializing in dermo-cosmetics, rheumatology, dental health, dermatology and the marketing of active cosmetic ingredients.	Laboratoires Expanscience	1950
inception	Darkane is a Swedish extreme metal band that originated in Helsingborg in 1998.	Darkane	1998
inception	The Basin Street Six was a Dixieland sextet founded in 1950 in New Orleans that had some famous members, including George Girard, Roy Zimmerman, Pete Fountain, Joe Rotis and Charlie Duke among others.They recorded for various record companies, including Mercury Records and 504 Records.	Basin Street Six	1950
inception	Career Suicide is a Canadian hardcore punk band formed in 2001 in Toronto.	Career Suicide	2001
inception	WNPL signed on in 2009 to improve coverage for WPTK (which at the time was affiliated with Fox Sports Radio) in the southern end of the market.	WNPL	2009
inception	Following the successful career of Ernst Heinkel as the chief designer for the Hansa-Brandenburg aviation firm in World War I, Herr Heinkel's own firm was established at Warnemünde in 1922, after the restrictions on German aviation imposed by the Treaty of Versailles were relaxed.	Heinkel	1922
inception	AMSAT-NA was founded in 1969 in Washington, D.C. to continue the efforts begun by Project OSCAR.	AMSAT	1969
inception	Night Slugs is an English electronic music record label, established in 2010 by Alex Sushon (also known as Bok Bok) and James Connolly (also known as L-Vis 1990).	Night Slugs	2010
inception	CoverGirl's first product line, Clean Makeup, launched in 1961.	CoverGirl	1961
inception	ParkWhiz was founded in 2006 by Aashish Dalal (current CEO) and Jon Thornton.	ParkWhiz	2006
inception	Ability Group is a British property company founded in 1996 by Andreas Panayiotou.	Ability Group	1996
inception	ASV Zirndorf was formed on 16 April 1946 when five local clubs, TSV 1861 Zirndorf, 1.	ASV Zirndorf	1946
inception	Le Musée d'Art Moderne de Céret is a modern art museum in Céret, Pyrénées-Orientales, France, created by Pierre Brune and Frank Burty Haviland in 1950 with the personal support of their friends Pablo Picasso and Henri Matisse who were involved in its creation.	Musée d'Art Moderne de Céret	1950
inception	The Darul Iman Charitable Association accepted the Zanzibar government request, and Zanzibar University was officially opened in April 1998.	Zanzibar University	1998
inception	With the escalation of the Sri Lankan Civil War and increased threat to naval bases that where lunching pads for naval operations to curb LTTE sea movements, the Vice Admiral Ananda Silva, the Commander of the Navy instituted the formation of the Naval Patrolmen Branch in 1987 to carry out operations on land.	Naval Patrolmen	1987
inception	Telenor started off in 1855 as a state-operated monopoly provider of telegraph services named Telegrafverket.	Telenor	1855
inception	Oxegen 2013 was the ninth Oxegen festival to take place since 2004.	Oxegen 2013	2004
inception	Opened by Denise Whiting in 1992, Cafe Hon takes its name from a common term of endearment (``hon'' - an abbreviated version of the word ``honey'') used by Baltimore residents for years.	Cafe Hon	1992
inception	Allied Command Transformation (ACT; French: Le Commandement allié Transformation) is a NATO military command, which was formed in 2003 after North Atlantic Treaty Organisation restructuring.	Allied Command Transformation	2003
inception	La Hermana del Hombre Bóveda was hollow cast in a multi-part mold in Madrid in 1963.	La Hermana del Hombre Bóveda	1963
inception	The Comic Book Legal Defense Fund (CBLDF) is an American non-profit organization formed in 1986 to protect the First Amendment rights of comics creators, publishers, and retailers covering legal expenses.	Comic Book Legal Defense Fund	1986
inception	The National Catholic Institute of Theology (NCIT) was established in Karachi, Pakistan in September 1997.	National Catholic Institute of Theology	1997
inception	UI Energy Corporation is a Korean company founded in 1987 (formerly known as Gong Young Multi System).	UI Energy Corporation	1987
inception	In 1998 Lucas founded his own production company, Lucas Entertainment, with money he earned from working as a male escort.	Lucas Entertainment	1998
inception	Corgi Classics Limited is a famous die-cast model manufacturer which has its origins in the Corgi Toys brand introduced by Mettoy in 1956.	Corgi Classics	1956
inception	The company was established in 1967 as the Forth Ports Authority.	Forth Ports	1967
inception	Brit Insurance Design Awards, established in 2003 by the Design Museum in London, is the United Kingdom's pre-eminent design award with a £25,000 prize.	Brit Insurance Design Awards	2003
inception	Shohortoli is a Bangladeshi Theatrical Rock (Band's signature genre) & Psychedelic rock music band formed on 6 October 2005.	Shohortoli	2005
inception	The Orthopedic Specialty Hospital (TOSH) was founded in 1991 and is a 100,000-square-foot (9,300 m2) facility located in Murray, Utah, United States, at the former Intermountain Healthcare Cottonwood Hospital location.	The Orthopedic Specialty Hospital	1991
inception	Vadodara Innovation Council started functioning in May-2011 under the leadership of technocrat Dr. Madhu Mehta.	Vadodara Innovation Council	2011
inception	DashCon was originally announced in mid-2013 under the name Tumbl-Con USA; the convention catered to users of the blogging platform Tumblr, and was touted as the ``largest gathering of Tumblr users to date''.	DashCon	2013
inception	++ History of Musalaha ++ Musalaha was founded in 1990, when unity among Israeli and Palestinian believers was especially lacking due to the First Intifada.	Musalaha	1990
inception	Air Alsace began as an air taxi operation based in Colmar in 1962.	Air Alsace	1962
inception	The Beijing Pop Festival (Chinese: 北京流行音乐节; pinyin: Běijīng Liúxíng Yīnyuè Jié) is a rock music festival held in Beijing, China's Chaoyang Park each September since 2005.	Beijing Pop Festival	2005
inception	The Flint Bulldogs were a professional hockey team in Flint, Michigan from 1991--1993.	Flint Bulldogs	1991
inception	Alzheimer Disease International (ADI), was founded in 1984 to help to fight Alzheimer's disease, first diagnosed back in 1906.	Alzheimer Disease International	1984
inception	The Toronto Predators joined the GMHL as an expansion franchise in February of 2013.	Toronto Predators	2013
inception	Take Flight, LLC is a clothing brand founded in 2008 in Portland, Oregon that makes custom apparel for fans and practitioners of Parkour all around the world.	Take Flight, LLC	2008
inception	The Computer Arts Society (CAS) was founded in 1968, in order to encourage the creative use of computers in the arts.	Computer Arts Society	1968
inception	Christ on Parade was a mid-late 1980s San Francisco East Bay political hardcore punk band, formed in 1985 by ex-members of Teenage Warning and peace punks Treason.	Christ on Parade	1985
languages spoken or written	Count Magnus Gabriel De la Gardie (15 October 1622 -- 26 April 1686) was a Swedish statesman and military man.	Magnus Gabriel De la Gardie	Swedish
languages spoken or written	Albert Lamorisse (French: (lamɔʁis); 13 January 1922 -- 2 June 1970) was a French filmmaker, film producer, and writer, who is best known for his award winning short films which he began making in the late 1940s, and also for inventing the famous strategic board game Risk in 1957.	Albert Lamorisse	French
languages spoken or written	Jean-Pierre Morat (18 April 1846 -- 25 July 1920) was a French physiologist born in Saint-Sorlin, department Saône-et-Loire.	Jean-Pierre Morat	French
languages spoken or written	François-Xavier Gillot (12 September 1842, Autun -- 8 October 1910, Autun) was a French physician, mycologist and botanist.	François-Xavier Gillot	French
languages spoken or written	Rodolfo Celletti (1917--2004) was an Italian musicologist, critic, voice teacher, and novelist.	Rodolfo Celletti	Italian
licensed to broadcast to	WDUL (970 AM) is a radio station licensed in Superior, Wisconsin.	WDUL	Superior
licensed to broadcast to	WQSE is a 1,000 watt class B AM radio station licensed to serve the community of White Bluff, Tennessee on a frequency of 1030 kHz.	WQSE	White Bluff
licensed to broadcast to	WBZA is a rock station in Rochester, New York, broadcasting at 98.9 FM.	WBZA	Rochester
licensed to broadcast to	WAIM (1230 AM) is a News/Talk radio station located in Anderson, South Carolina.	WAIM	Anderson, South Carolina
licensed to broadcast to	WIBN is an FM radio station licensed to the city of Earl Park, Indiana.	WIBN	Earl Park, Indiana
licensed to broadcast to	CHNI-FM is a Canadian radio station broadcasting at 88.9 FM in Saint John, New Brunswick owned by Newcap Radio.	CHNI-FM	Saint John
licensed to broadcast to	WPVM-LP (103.7 FM) is a non-commercial LPFM radio station located in Asheville, North Carolina licensed to the Mountain Area Information Network (MAIN), a nonprofit Internet service provider founded in 1995 for a 14-county area of western North Carolina.	WPVM-LP	Asheville
licensed to broadcast to	KHKM (98.7 FM, ``The Hawk'') is a commercial radio station licensed to Hamilton, Montana, and serves the Missoula, Montana area.	KHKM	Hamilton
licensed to broadcast to	WBHZ (91.9 FM) is a religious formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Elkins, West Virginia, serving Metro Elkins.	WBHZ	Elkins, West Virginia
licensed to broadcast to	WIXO (105.7 FM, ``105.7 The X'') is a radio station in Peoria, Illinois.	WIXO	Peoria
licensed to broadcast to	WOLT (103.3 FM, ``ALT 103.3'') is an FM radio station in Indianapolis, Indiana.	WOLT	Indianapolis
licensed to broadcast to	WMXC (99.9 FM, ``Mix 99.9'') is a radio station licensed to serve Mobile, Alabama, USA.	WMXC	Mobile
licensed to broadcast to	WYPM is licensed to Chambersburg, Pennsylvania, serving the Chambersburg/Greencastle area.	WYPM	Chambersburg
licensed to broadcast to	WANG (1330 AM) is a radio station broadcasting an Adult Standards/MOR format to the Havelock, North Carolina, USA area.	WANG	Havelock
licensed to broadcast to	CKTP-FM is a Canadian radio station in Fredericton, New Brunswick which goes by the name of ``Rock 'n' Blues 95.7 The Wolf''.	CKTP-FM	Fredericton
licensed to broadcast to	KNXX (104.9 FM) is a commercial radio station located in Donaldsonville, Louisiana, USA, broadcasting to the southern areas of the Baton Rouge area.	KNXX	Donaldsonville, Louisiana
licensed to broadcast to	WFNZ (610 AM), also known as ``610 AM The Fan'', is a Sports Talk format radio station in Charlotte, North Carolina.	WFNZ	Charlotte
licensed to broadcast to	KFFG is an FM radio station licensed to Los Altos, California, broadcasting on 97.7 FM MHz. The 97.7 frequency simulcasts the programming of sister station KFOG.	KFFG	Los Altos
licensed to broadcast to	KCAA is a commercial radio station located in Loma Linda, California, broadcasting to the Riverside-San Bernardino, California, area on 1050 AM with studios located in the Carousel Mall in San Bernardino, CA.	KCAA	Loma Linda
licensed to broadcast to	WXTG-FM is an Adult Album Alternative formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Virginia Beach, Virginia, serving the Southside of Hampton Roads.	WXTG-FM	Virginia Beach
licensed to broadcast to	WWNC (570 AM) is a radio station in Asheville, North Carolina.	WWNC	Asheville
licensed to broadcast to	WYJB (95.5 FM, ``B95.5'') is an adult contemporary (with a slight lean towards Hot AC) formatted radio station licensed to Albany, New York and serving New York's Capital District as well as the surrounding areas, including the Adirondacks.	WYJB	Albany
licensed to broadcast to	WPAW (``93.1 the Wolf'') is a country music radio station licensed to Winston-Salem, North Carolina, and serving the Piedmont Triad region, which includes Greensboro and High Point.	WPAW	Winston-Salem
licensed to broadcast to	WTVY-FM (95.5 FM) is an American radio station licensed to serve the community of Dothan, Alabama, United States.	WTVY-FM	Dothan
licensed to broadcast to	KLQL (101.1 FM, ``K101'') is a radio station broadcasting a ``Real'' country music format, featuring Country music from the 70s, 80s, 90s and today, serving Luverne, Rock Rapids, and Worthington, with rimshot coverage in the Sioux Falls area.	KLQL	Luverne
licensed to broadcast to	WSTO (96.1 FM, ``Hot 96'') is a heritage Top-40 radio station that serves the Evansville, Indiana, Owensboro, Kentucky, and Henderson, Kentucky markets.	WSTO	Owensboro
licensed to broadcast to	CIRR-FM, branded as 103.9 Proud FM, is a radio station in Toronto, Ontario, licensed to serve the city's gay, lesbian, bisexual and transgender communities, launched in 2007.	CIRR-FM	Toronto
licensed to broadcast to	KRKX (94.1 FM) is a commercial radio station in Billings, Montana.	KRKX	Billings
licensed to broadcast to	WQPR (88.7 FM) is an American non-commercial educational radio station licensed to Muscle Shoals, Alabama.	WQPR	Muscle Shoals
licensed to broadcast to	WDZ (1050 kHz) is a commercial AM radio station licensed to Decatur, Illinois.	WDZ	Decatur
licensed to broadcast to	WSRS (96.1 FM; ``96-1 SRS'') is an American commercial radio station licensed to Worcester, Massachusetts, and is owned by iHeartMedia, Inc..	WSRS	Worcester
licensed to broadcast to	WRNJ Radio (1510 AM) is a radio station in Hackettstown, New Jersey broadcasting an Adult Contemporary format.	WRNJ	Hackettstown, New Jersey
licensed to broadcast to	WHJC is a Southern Gospel formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Matewan, West Virginia, serving Matewan, Central Mingo County, West Virginia and Northeastern Pike County, Kentucky.	WHJC	Matewan, West Virginia
licensed to broadcast to	WVNN-FM (92.5 FM) is a News/Talk formatted radio station in Trinity, Alabama.	WVNN-FM	Trinity
licensed to broadcast to	CBY is a clear-channel station broadcasting at 990 kHz (AM) from Corner Brook, Newfoundland and Labrador, using a power of 10,000 watts.	CBY	Corner Brook
licensed to broadcast to	CKHK-FM is a Canadian radio station that broadcasts a dayparted English / French combined soft adult contemporary/pop standards/instrumental easy listening format at 107.7 FM in Hawkesbury, Ontario.	CKHK-FM	Hawkesbury
licensed to broadcast to	WGCK-FM is a Contemporary Christian formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Coeburn, Virginia, serving Dickenson and Wise counties in Virginia and Letcher County in Kentucky.	WGCK-FM	Coeburn
licensed to broadcast to	WSPD (1370 AM) is a news-talk radio station licensed to Toledo, Ohio.	WSPD	Toledo
licensed to broadcast to	WMEJ is an daytime-only AM broadcasting station licensed for 5000 watts on 1190 kHz at Bay St. Louis, Mississippi in the Gulfport, Mississippi area.	WMEJ	Bay St. Louis
licensed to broadcast to	KFMA (102.1 FM) is commercial radio station located in Oro Valley, Arizona, broadcasting to the Tucson, Arizona area.	KFMA	Oro Valley
licensed to broadcast to	WGTD (91.1 FM) is a radio station licensed to Kenosha, Wisconsin, serving the Racine/Kenosha area.	WGTD	Kenosha
licensed to broadcast to	WDTT-LD is a low-powered television station that is licensed to and based in Knoxville, Tennessee, USA.	WDTT-LD	Knoxville
licensed to broadcast to	KFQD is a class A (clear channel), AM and FM radio station in Anchorage, Alaska, operating on 750 kHz and 103.7 MHz. It is owned by Alpha Media LLC and broadcasts in a news/talk format.	KFQD	Anchorage
licensed to broadcast to	WCLS (97.7 FM) is a radio station licensed to Spencer, Indiana, USA, the station serves the Bloomington, Indiana area with a Classic Hits format.	WCLS	Spencer
licensed to broadcast to	WBZE, or ``Star 98.9'', is a bright adult contemporary radio station in the Tallahassee, Florida, market owned by Cumulus Licensing, LLC. Its studios are located in the westside of Tallahassee and its transmitter is based due north of downtown along I-10.	WBZE	Tallahassee
licensed to broadcast to	WMFS-FM is a commercial sports radio radio station in Bartlett, Tennessee, broadcasting to the Memphis, Tennessee area on 92.9 FM, owned by Entercom Communications.	WMFS-FM	Bartlett, Tennessee
licensed to broadcast to	KIXI (880 AM) is an AM radio station licensed to Mercer Island/Seattle, Washington on the frequency of 880 kHz.	KIXI	Mercer Island
licensed to broadcast to	WGAA AM 1340 is a radio station broadcasting a classic hits format, and has Cedartown, Georgia, USA as its city of license.	WGAA	Cedartown
licensed to broadcast to	WCOJ is a 5,000 watt AM radio station licensed to Coatesville, Pennsylvania consisting of a four-tower array broadcasting on 1420 kHz.	WCOJ	Coatesville
licensed to broadcast to	WYAI is a Christian radio station licensed to Scotia, New York and serving the Capital District and Mohawk Valley of New York.	WYAI	Scotia, New York
licensed to broadcast to	WLJK (89.1 FM) is a National Public Radio station licensed to Aiken, South Carolina.	WLJK	Aiken, South Carolina
licensed to broadcast to	CHAM is a Canadian radio station in Hamilton, Ontario, Canada.	CHAM	Hamilton
licensed to broadcast to	WACQ (580 AM) is an American radio station licensed to serve the community of Tuskegee, Alabama.	WACQ	Tuskegee
licensed to broadcast to	CJPN-FM is a French-language Canadian radio station in Fredericton, New Brunswick, broadcasting at 90.5 MHz. The station signed on in 1997 from its studios at Le Centre Communautaire Sainte-Anne (Fredericton).	CJPN-FM	Fredericton
licensed to broadcast to	KUNM is a public radio station broadcasting on FM 89.9 MHz from high atop Sandia Crest, with broadcasts originating from the third floor of Oñate Hall, on the campus of the University of New Mexico (UNM) in Albuquerque, New Mexico.	KUNM	Albuquerque
licensed to broadcast to	KLOL is a Spanish Pop radio station in Houston, Texas that is owned by CBS Radio.	KLOL	Houston
licensed to broadcast to	KFIL-FM (103.1 FM, ``True Country'') is an American commercial radio station licensed to serve Chatfield, Minnesota.	KFIL-FM	Chatfield
licensed to broadcast to	WMNX is a Mainstream Urban formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Wilmington, North Carolina and serving the Wilmington Metro area.	WMNX	Wilmington
licensed to broadcast to	KXLP (94.1 FM) is a radio station licensed to Eagle Lake, Minnesota and serving the Mankato area and the Minnesota River Valley.	KXLP	Eagle Lake
licensed to broadcast to	CHKT is a Canadian radio station, airing at 1430 AM in Toronto, Ontario.	CHKT	Toronto
licensed to broadcast to	WBCO (1540 AM) is a radio station licensed to serve the community of Bucyrus, Ohio.	WBCO	Bucyrus
licensed to broadcast to	WMBD-TV is the CBS-affiliated television station for North-Central Illinois that is licensed to Peoria.	WMBD-TV	Peoria
licensed to broadcast to	CJMK-FM is a radio station serving Saskatoon, Saskatchewan.	CJMK-FM	Saskatoon
licensed to broadcast to	KNRJ is licensed to Cordes Lakes, Arizona, which is 66 miles north of Phoenix.	KNRJ	Cordes Lakes
licensed to broadcast to	WHMS-FM, 97.5 MHz, is a Soft Adult Contemporary formatted radio station in Champaign, Illinois.	WHMS-FM	Champaign
licensed to broadcast to	WIVK-FM is an FM radio station broadcasting at 107.7 MHz near Knoxville, Tennessee, USA.	WIVK-FM	Knoxville
licensed to broadcast to	CFPL-FM, or FM96, is a radio station owned by Corus Entertainment and based in London, Ontario, Canada that transmits at 179,000 watts at 95.9 MHz on the FM dial.	CFPL-FM	London
licensed to broadcast to	WODC is an adult hits FM radio station broadcasting on 93.3 MHz licensed to Ashville, Ohio, but is operated from Columbus, Ohio with other stations owned by iHeartMedia, Inc. (it shares studios on the city's west side).	WODC	Ashville, Ohio
licensed to broadcast to	WDBY (105.5 FM, ``Kicks 105-5'') is an American country music radio station licensed to Patterson, New York.	WDBY	Patterson
licensed to broadcast to	KKPT (94.1 FM) is an American commercial radio station located in Little Rock, Arkansas.	KKPT	Little Rock
licensed to broadcast to	KQCH is the callsign for the Omaha, Nebraska-based Top 40 FM radio station ``Channel 94.1''.	KQCH	Omaha
licensed to broadcast to	CIXF-FM is a Canadian radio station broadcasting in Brooks, Alberta at 101.1 MHz FM.	CIXF-FM	Brooks
licensed to broadcast to	WNRQ is an FM radio station in Nashville, Tennessee, broadcasting on a frequency of 105.9 MHz. It serves counties in northern middle Tennessee and southern central Kentucky.	WNRQ	Nashville
licensed to broadcast to	WRVW is a radio station broadcasting on the FM band at 107.5 MHz, licensed to the city of Lebanon, Tennessee, but serving the nearby Nashville market.	WRVW	Lebanon
licensed to broadcast to	KSLT (107.1 MHz) known as ``Power 107.1'' is a radio station licensed to Spearfish, South Dakota serving Rapid City, South Dakota and the surrounding region with a Christian contemporary format.	KSLT	Spearfish
licensed to broadcast to	WDAI ``985 Kiss FM'' is an urban contemporary radio station licensed to Pawleys Island, South Carolina and serves the Grand Strand area.	WDAI	Pawleys Island
licensed to broadcast to	KDVS (90.3 FM) is an American student and community radio station based in Davis, California.	KDVS	Davis
licensed to broadcast to	CFEI-FM is a French language Canadian radio station located in Saint-Hyacinthe, Quebec, approximately 40 kilometres east of Montreal.	CFEI-FM	Saint-Hyacinthe
licensed to broadcast to	WXCL (FM 104.9) is a country music radio station licensed to Pekin, Illinois and owned by Alpha Media.	WXCL	Pekin
licensed to broadcast to	CJCY-FM is a Canadian radio station, broadcasting at 102.1 FM in Medicine Hat, Alberta and broadcasts throughout South-eastern Alberta and South-western Saskatchewan.	CJCY-FM	Medicine Hat
licensed to broadcast to	KSCS (96.3 MHz) is an FM station which serves the Dallas/Fort Worth metroplex in Texas.	KSCS	Fort Worth
licensed to broadcast to	WGY-FM is a news-talk radio station licensed to Albany, New York that broadcasts at 103.1 FM; the station broadcasts 24 hours a day at 5,600 watts ERP from a non-directional antenna in North Greenbush, New York located near U.S. Route 4.	WGY-FM	Albany
manufacturer	The TRS-80 Micro Computer System (TRS-80; later known as the Model I to distinguish it from successors) is a desktop microcomputer launched in 1977 and sold by Tandy Corporation through their Radio Shack stores.	TRS-80	Tandy Corporation
manufacturer	Lilt is a brand of soft drink manufactured by The Coca-Cola Company and sold in the United Kingdom, Ireland, Gibraltar and the Seychelles only.	Lilt	The Coca-Cola Company
manufacturer	The Triumph Rocket III is a three cylinder motorcycle made by Triumph Motorcycles Ltd. At 2,294 cc (140.0 cu in) it had the largest displacement engine of any mass production motorcycle, as of September 2010.	Triumph Rocket III	Triumph Motorcycles
manufacturer	The creator of Sound Blaster is the Singapore-based firm Creative Technology Limited, also known by the name of its United States subsidiary, Creative Labs.	Sound Blaster	Creative Technology
manufacturer	SS Delphic was an ocean liner of the White Star Line, built by Harland and Wolff and completed on 15 May 1897.	SS Delphic	Harland and Wolff
manufacturer	Kodak EasyShare is a sub brand of Eastman Kodak Company products identifying a consumer photography system of digital cameras, snapshot thermal printers, snapshot thermal printer docks, all-in-one inkjet printers, accessories, camera docks, software, and online print services.	Kodak EasyShare	Eastman Kodak
manufacturer	The Commodore Plus/4 is a home computer released by Commodore International in 1984.	Commodore Plus/4	Commodore International
manufacturer	The Hyundai Trago (hangul:현대 트라고) is a line of heavy-duty commercial vehicle by Hyundai Motor Company in luxury commercial vehicle.	Hyundai Trago	Hyundai Motor Company
manufacturer	The HTC Desire S (codenamed Saga) is a smartphone designed and manufactured by HTC Corporation that runs the Android operating system.	HTC Desire S	HTC Corporation
manufacturer	The ALFA 24 HP is 4.1-litre four-cylinder passenger car, the first model produced by Italian car manufacturer ALFA (Anonima Lombarda Fabbrica Automobili), which in 1919 would become Alfa Romeo.	ALFA 24 HP	Alfa Romeo
manufacturer	The Wii U (/ˌwiː ˈjuː/ WEE EW) is a home video game console created by Nintendo and the successor to the Wii.	Wii U	Nintendo
manufacturer	The Lada Granta (Russian: Ла́да Гра́нта) is a subcompact car developed by the Russian automaker AvtoVAZ in collaboration with Renault, based on the Lada Kalina platform.	Lada Granta	AvtoVAZ
manufacturer	Kola Real is one of the most popular brands of Ajegroup, a leader in the Latin American beverage market.	Kola Real	Ajegroup
manufacturer	The Sigma DP2 is a high-end compact digital camera introduced by the Sigma Corporation.	Sigma DP2	Sigma Corporation
manufacturer	The Mazda Bongo, also known as Mazda E-Series, Mazda Access, and the Ford Econovan, is a van manufactured by the Japanese manufacturer Mazda since 1966.	Mazda Bongo	Ford
manufacturer	The Armstrong Whitworth Argosy was a British post-war military transport/cargo aircraft and was the last aircraft produced by Armstrong Whitworth Aircraft.	Armstrong Whitworth Argosy	Armstrong Whitworth Aircraft
manufacturer	The WAGR S class was a class of 4-8-2 steam locomotives built by the Midland Railway Workshops between 1943 and 1947 and operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR).	WAGR S class	Midland Railway Workshops
manufacturer	Austin-Healey was a British sports car maker established in 1952 through a joint venture between the Austin division of the British Motor Corporation (BMC) and the Donald Healey Motor Company (Healey), a renowned automotive engineering and design firm.	Austin-Healey	British Motor Corporation
manufacturer	A launching platform that can be installed on armoured fighting vehicles has been developed by Norinco for use as an HJ-8 launching platform, the SW-1 one-man turret.	HJ-8	Norinco
manufacturer	Between November 2005 and March 2006, the Mercedes-Benz Museum, built over the original site of DMG Stuttgart-Untertürkheim factory of 100 years ago, exhibits 13 original Mercedes Simplex units.	Mercedes Simplex	Mercedes-Benz
manufacturer	Built in the United States by Aerojet Rocketdyne (formerly by Pratt & Whitney Rocketdyne), the RL10 burns cryogenic liquid hydrogen and liquid oxygen propellants, with each engine producing 64.7 to 110 kN (14,545--24,729 lbf) of thrust in vacuum depending on the version in use.	RL10	Aerojet Rocketdyne	Pratt & Whitney Rocketdyne
manufacturer	The Atari ST is a line of home computers from Atari Corporation and the successor to the Atari 8-bit family.	Atari ST	Atari Corporation
manufacturer	The Kahr P series is a product line of double action only (DAO) hammerless, striker-fired, short recoil operated, semi-automatic pistols manufactured by Kahr Arms.	Kahr P series	Kahr Arms
manufacturer	A Wing Coaster is a type of steel roller coaster manufactured by Bolliger & Mabillard where pairs of riders sit on either side of a roller coaster track in which nothing is above or below the riders.	Wing Coaster	Bolliger & Mabillard
manufacturer	The Range Rover Sport is a Land Rover mid-size luxury sport utility vehicle (SUV) produced in the United Kingdom by Jaguar Land Rover, a subsidiary of Tata Motors.	Range Rover Sport	Land Rover
manufacturer	The Mercedes-Benz Cito (coded as O520) was a low-floor midibus built by EvoBus for Continental Europe between 1999 and 2003.	Mercedes-Benz Cito	EvoBus
manufacturer	The Sinclair ZX80 is a home computer brought to market in 1980 by Science of Cambridge Ltd. (later to be better known as Sinclair Research).	ZX80	Sinclair Research
manufacturer	Alcotán-100 is a recoilless, one-man portable, single-use anti-tank rocket launcher used by infantry, manufactured by Instalaza.	Alcotán-100	Instalaza
manufacturer	The Volkswagen Taigun is a new subcompact crossover SUV to be unveiled by the Volkswagen Group for the 2016 model year.	Volkswagen Taigun	Volkswagen Group
manufacturer	The Polar Satellite Launch Vehicle (Hindi: ध्रुवीय उपग्रह प्रक्षेपण यान), commonly known by its abbreviation PSLV, is an expendable launch system developed and operated by the Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO).	Polar Satellite Launch Vehicle	Indian Space Research Organisation
manufacturer	The Ascari A410 was a Le Mans Prototype built by Ascari Cars in 2000.	Ascari A410	Ascari Cars
manufacturer	Developed by Philco-Ford in the late 1960s, the LOCAT rocket was intended to be a high-speed, low-cost expendable target rocket for use in the air defense training role, being used in training exercises for anti-aircraft gunners and missile operators by the U.S. Army.	LOCAT	Philco
manufacturer	The Brabus E V12 is a tuned Mercedes-Benz E-Class made by Mercedes-Benz tuning company Brabus.	Brabus E V12	Mercedes-Benz
manufacturer	The Mitsubishi Nessie is a concept automobile co-developed by Italdesign Giugiaro, The Linde Group and Mitsubishi Motors, and exhibited at the 2005 Geneva Auto Show.	Mitsubishi Nessie	Mitsubishi Motors
manufacturer	USAF hopes to replace the Rocketdyne RL10 engines used on the upper stage of both the Lockheed Martin Atlas V and the Boeing Delta IV, known as evolved expendable launch vehicles (EELV) that are the primary method of putting US satellites into space.	RL10	Rocketdyne
manufacturer	SS Cymric was a steamship of the White Star Line built by Harland and Wolff in Belfast and launched on 12 October 1897.	SS Cymric	Harland and Wolff
manufacturer	Originally the RPG-7 (Ручной Противотанковый Гранатомёт -- Ruchnoy Protivotankovyy Granatomyot, Hand-held anti-tank grenade launcher) and its predecessor, the RPG-2, was designed by the Soviet Union; it is now manufactured by the Russian company Bazalt.	RPG-7	Bazalt
member of political party	Makhan Lal Fotedar is a senior leader of the Indian National Congress party.	Makhan Lal Fotedar	Indian National Congress
member of political party	Yigal Bibi (Hebrew: יגאל ביבי‎, born 21 January 1942) is a former Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for the National Religious Party between 1988 and 2003.	Yigal Bibi	National Religious Party
member of political party	Janardan Dwivedi is an Indian politician of the Indian National Congress party.	Janardan Dwivedi	Indian National Congress
member of political party	Sir Arthur Fell (7 August 1850 -- 29 December 1934) was an English solicitor and Conservative Party politician.	Arthur Fell	Conservative Party
member of political party	Miguel Relvas rose through the ranks of Portugal's Social Democratic Party (PSD) and of the Portuguese Government to become in 1985:	Miguel Relvas	Social Democratic Party
member of sports team	Jacob Collard is an Australian professional footballer who plays as a right back for Perth Glory FC in the A-League.	Jacob Collard	Perth Glory FC
member of sports team	Eleni Markou (born 29 March 1995) is a Greek footballer who plays for FC PAOK. FC PAOK Winner Greek A Division (2): 2012--13, 2014--2015	Eleni Markou	PAOK. FC
member of sports team	Clayton Beddoes (born November 10, 1970) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey centre who played two seasons in the National Hockey League for the Boston Bruins from 1995 to 1997.	Clayton Beddoes	Boston Bruins
member of sports team	Osmar Sigueira Rodrigues (born 2 November 1988 in Diadema) is a Brazilian footballer, who's last known club was FK Standard Sumgayit in 2009.	Osmar Sigueira	FK Standard Sumgayit
member of sports team	Aleksandrs Koļinko (born 18 June 1975) is a Latvian professional footballer, currently playing for FK Spartaks Jūrmala and Latvia national football team.	Aleksandrs Koļinko	Latvia national football team
military branch	James Charles Prevost (1810--1891) was an admiral in the British Royal Navy.	James Charles Prevost	Royal Navy
military branch	Vice Admiral Sir John Osler Chattock Hayes KCB OBE DL (9 May 1913 -- 7 September 1998) was a Royal Navy officer who became Naval Secretary.	John Osler Chattock Hayes	Royal Navy
military branch	The United States Army Old Guard Fife and Drum Corps is one of four premier musical organizations of the United States Army.	Old Guard Fife and Drum Corps	United States Army
military branch	The 109th Regiment of Foot (Bombay Infantry) was an infantry regiment of the British Army from 1862 to 1881, when it was amalgamated into The Prince of Wales's Leinster Regiment (Royal Canadians).	109th Regiment of Foot (Bombay Infantry)	British Army
military branch	Admiral Sir Thomas Hugh Binney KCB KCMG DSO (9 December 1883 -- 8 January 1953) was a senior officer in the Royal Navy and Governor of Tasmania from 1945 to 1951.	Hugh Binney	Royal Navy
mother	Field Marshal Prince Bhanurangsi Savangwongse, The Prince Banubandhu Vongsevoradej (11 January 1859 -- 13 June 1928) (Thai: สมเด็จพระเจ้าบรมวงศ์เธอ เจ้าฟ้าภาณุรังษีสว่างวงศ์ กรมพระยาภาณุพันธุวงศ์วรเดช) was a son of HM King Mongkut of Siam and HM Queen Debsirindra.	Bhanurangsi Savangwongse	Debsirindra
mother	Margaret of the Palatinate (German: Margarete von der Pfalz; 1376 -- 26 August 1434, Einville-au-Jard) was the daughter of Rupert of Germany and his wife Elisabeth of Nuremberg.	Margaret of the Palatinate	Elisabeth of Nuremberg
mother	Prince Friedrich Christian of Schaumburg-Lippe (5 June 1906 -- 20 September 1983) was a younger son of Georg, Prince of Schaumburg-Lippe and his consort Princess Marie Anne of Saxe-Altenburg.	Prince Friedrich Christian of Schaumburg-Lippe	Princess Marie Anne of Saxe-Altenburg
mother	Philip William, Prince of Orange (19 December 1554, Buren, Gelderland -- 20 February 1618) was the eldest son of William the Silent by his first wife Anna van Egmont.	Philip William, Prince of Orange	Anna van Egmont
mother	Tiberius Julius Caesar Nero Gemellus, known as Tiberius Gemellus (10 October AD 19--AD 37 or 38) was the son of Drusus and Livilla, the grandson of the Emperor Tiberius, and the cousin of the Emperor Caligula.	Tiberius Gemellus	Livilla
mouth of the watercourse	The Allondon is a river which flows for some 22 kilometres (14 mi) between France and Switzerland in the Rhône Alps area.	Allondon	Rhône
mouth of the watercourse	The Weiherburgbach originates above the Alpine Zoo of Innsbruck at 720 m above sea level and flows down in a southern direction to the Inn River.	Weiherburgbach	Inn
mouth of the watercourse	The Tambopata River is a tributary of the Madre de Dios River and merges into this river at the city of Puerto Maldonado.	Tambopata River	Madre de Dios River
mouth of the watercourse	The Aldan River (Russian: Алдан) is the second-longest tributary of the Lena River in the Sakha Republic in eastern Siberia.	Aldan River	Lena River
mouth of the watercourse	The Metsimotlhabe River is the largest river in the Kweneng District of Botswana, draining the area that lies to the south of Molepolole into the Notwane River, in turn a tributary of the Limpopo River.	Metsimotlhabe River	Notwane River
named after	This monastery was named after Bethlehem, later corrupted to Bartlehiem.	Bartlehiem	Bethlehem
named after	The Casa Natal del General Santander (lit., ``Birth house of General Santander'') is the birthplace of the Colombian General Francisco de Paula Santander, and is where he lived until the age of 13.	Casa Natal del General Santander	Francisco de Paula Santander
named after	In mathematics, Mahler's theorem, introduced by Kurt Mahler (1958), expresses continuous p-adic functions in terms of polynomials.	Mahler's theorem	Kurt Mahler
named after	In mathematics, Watson's lemma, proved by G. N. Watson (1918, p. 133), has significant application within the theory on the asymptotic behavior of integrals.	Watson's lemma	G. N. Watson
named after	Carleman's inequality is an inequality in mathematics, named after Torsten Carleman, who proved it in 1923 and used it to prove the Denjoy--	Carleman's inequality	Torsten Carleman
named after	Voukourestiou Street (Greek: Οδός Βουκουρεστίου, Odos Voukourestiou) named after the Treaty of Bucharest, which in 1913 ended the second Balkan War, is a rather narrow street in the Kolonaki district of Athens known for its high-end boutiques.	Voukourestiou Street	Treaty of Bucharest
named after	The Camões Prize (Portuguese, Prémio Camões, Portuguese pronunciation: (ˈpɾɛmju kaˈmõĩ̯ʃ)), named after Luís de Camões is the most important prize for literature in the Portuguese language.	Camões Prize	Luís de Camões
named after	Bach at the Sem concentrates on music of Johann Sebastian Bach and is also dedicated to the performance of church music from the Renaissance, Baroque, Classical, and Neoclassical periods.	Bach at the Sem	Johann Sebastian Bach
named after	Rue de l'Abbaye is a commercial street in the 6th arrondissement of Paris, named after the Abbey of Saint-Germain-des-Prés.	Rue de l'Abbaye	Abbey of Saint-Germain-des-Prés
named after	In differential geometry, Cohn-Vossen's inequality, named after Stephan Cohn-Vossen, relates the integral of Gaussian curvature of a non-compact surface to the Euler characteristic.	Cohn-Vossen's inequality	Stephan Cohn-Vossen
named after	The National Academy of Engineering annually awards the Charles Stark Draper Prize, which is given for the advancement of engineering and the education of the public about engineering.	National Academy of Engineering	Charles Stark Draper
named after	Élie Cartan (1933) named Finsler manifolds after Paul Finsler, who studied this geometry in his dissertation (Finsler 1918).	Finsler manifold	Paul Finsler
named after	Originally named Marlette Street, the street was renamed Van Ness Avenue in honor of the city's seventh mayor, James Van Ness.	Van Ness Avenue	James Van Ness
named after	Cherryburn is a cottage in Mickley, Northumberland, England, which was the birthplace of Thomas Bewick, an English wood engraver and ornithologist.	Cherryburn	Thomas Bewick
named after	The Wheeler-Minot Farmhouse, also known as the Thoreau Farm or the Henry David Thoreau Birthplace, is an historic house at 341 Virginia Road in Concord, Massachusetts, United States.	Wheeler-Minot Farmhouse	Henry David Thoreau
named after	Tunnelgatan (Tunnel Street) is a street in Stockholm, Sweden, which stretches from Sveavägen to the Brunkeberg Tunnel.	Tunnelgatan	Brunkeberg Tunnel
named after	Herbrand's theorem is a fundamental result of mathematical logic obtained by Jacques Herbrand (1930).	Herbrand's theorem	Jacques Herbrand
named after	The Treloar Copyright Bill was a revision of the United States copyright laws introduced February 13, 1896, in the first session of the 54th United States Congress as House of Representatives (H.R.) 5976 by Missouri 9th District Representative William M. Treloar.	Treloar Copyright Bill	William M. Treloar
named after	The Hilbert spectrum (sometimes referred to as the Hilbert amplitude spectrum), named after David Hilbert, is a statistical tool that can help in distinguishing among a mixture of moving signals.	Hilbert spectrum	David Hilbert
named after	The Fatih Sultan Mehmet Bridge (``Sultan Mehmed the Conqueror Bridge''), also known as the Second Bosphorus Bridge (in Turkish: Fatih Sultan Mehmet Köprüsü, F.S.M. Köprüsü or 2. Köprü), is a bridge in Istanbul, Turkey spanning the Bosphorus strait (Turkish: Boğaziçi).	Fatih Sultan Mehmet Bridge	Mehmed the Conqueror
named after	Thorianite is a rare thorium oxide mineral, ThO2.	Thorianite	thorium
named after	In 1947 the square was given the new name 'Breitscheidplatz' after Rudolf Breitscheid, a German Social Democrat who was killed at the Buchenwald concentration camp in 1944.	Breitscheidplatz	Rudolf Breitscheid
named after	The award should not be confused with the IFA Norman Borlaug Award of the International Fertilizer Industry Association or the Borlaug Award for Field Research given by the World Food Prize Foundation.	Borlaug Award	Norman Borlaug
named after	In the history of science, Laplace's demon was the first published articulation of causal or scientific determinism by Pierre-Simon Laplace in 1814.	Laplace's demon	Pierre-Simon Laplace
named after	The Archimedean Oath is an ethical code of practice for engineers and technicians, similar to the Hippocratic Oath used in the medical world.	Archimedean Oath	Hippocratic Oath
named after	The Fermi paradox or Fermi's paradox, named after Enrico Fermi, is the apparent contradiction between high estimates of the probability of the existence of extraterrestrial civilizations, such as in the Drake equation, and the lack of evidence for such civilizations.	Fermi paradox	Enrico Fermi
named after	On 26 August 2008, GLAST was renamed the ``Fermi Gamma-ray Space Telescope'' in honor of Enrico Fermi, a pioneer in high-energy physics.	Fermi Gamma-ray Space Telescope	Enrico Fermi
named after	51827 Laurelclark (2001 OH38) is an asteroid named for astronaut Laurel Clark, who was killed in the STS-107 (Columbia) space shuttle reentry disaster on February 1, 2003.	51827 Laurelclark	Laurel Clark
named after	Named after William Froude (/ˈfruːd/;), the Froude number is based on the speed--length ratio as defined by him, and is defined as:	Froude number	William Froude
named after	The concept was introduced by George Gabriel Stokes in 1851, but the Reynolds number is named after Osborne Reynolds (1842--1912), who popularized its use in 1883.	Reynolds number	Osborne Reynolds
named after	In mathematics, the Schottky problem, named after Friedrich Schottky, is a classical question of algebraic geometry, asking for a characterisation of Jacobian varieties amongst abelian varieties.	Schottky problem	Friedrich Schottky
named after	In mathematics, a Riemann sum is an approximation that takes the form \sum f(x) \Delta x. It is named after German mathematician Bernhard Riemann.	Riemann sum	Bernhard Riemann
named after	Essential Monet is a discussion book about the paintings of famed French artist Claude Monet.	Essential Monet	Claude Monet
named after	The method was originally described by Giovan Battista Bellaso in his 1553 book La cifra del. Sig. Giovan Battista Bellaso; however, the scheme was later misattributed to Blaise de Vigenère in the 19th century, and is now widely known as the ``Vigenère cipher''.	Vigenère cipher	Blaise de Vigenère
named after	Lorándite was first discovered at the Allchar deposit, near Kavadarci, Macedonia in 1894 and named after Loránd Eötvös, a prominent Hungarian physicist.	Lorándite	Loránd Eötvös
named after	A Giger Bar is a bar themed and modelled by the Swiss artist H. R. Giger.	Giger Bar	H. R. Giger
named after	The locality received its present name Mikkeli after Archangel Michael by the early 16th century at the latest.	Mikkeli	Michael
named after	There are two different Bejan numbers (Be) named after Duke University professor Adrian Bejan which are used in the scientific domains of thermodynamics and fluid mechanics.	Bejan number	Adrian Bejan
named after	Cavansite, whose name is derived from its chemical composition, calcium vanadium silicate, is a deep blue hydrous calcium vanadium phyllosilicate mineral, occurring as a secondary mineral in basaltic and andesitic rocks along with a variety of zeolite minerals.	Cavansite	calcium vanadium
named after	The treaty between Kingdom of Siam and the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland commonly known as the Burney Treaty was signed at Bangkok on 20 June 1826 by Henry Burney, an agent of British East India Company, for the United Kingdom and King Rama III for Siam.	Burney Treaty	Henry Burney
named after	In geometry, the Pitot theorem, named after the French engineer Henri Pitot, states that in a tangential quadrilateral (i.e. one in which a circle can be inscribed) the two sums of lengths of opposite sides are the same.	Pitot theorem	Henri Pitot
named after	Scheele's Green was invented in 1775 by Carl Wilhelm Scheele.	Scheele's Green	Carl Wilhelm Scheele
named after	In psychology, the Asch conformity experiments or the Asch Paradigm refers to a series of studies directed by Solomon Asch studying if and how individuals yield to or defy a majority group and the effect of such influences on beliefs and opinions.	Asch conformity experiments	Solomon Asch
named after	The Lenstra elliptic curve factorization is named after Hendrik Lenstra.	Lenstra elliptic curve factorization	Hendrik Lenstra
named after	In mathematics, Fejér's theorem, named for Hungarian mathematician Lipót Fejér, states that if f:	Fejér's theorem	Lipót Fejér
named after	The Zapata rail was discovered by Spanish zoologist Fermín Zanón Cervera in March 1927 in the Zapata Swamp near Santo Tomás, in the southern Matanzas Province of Cuba.	Zapata rail	Fermín Zanón Cervera
named after	``Moya Moskva'' (``Моя Москва'', ``My Moscow'') is the anthem of the city of Moscow since 1995.	Moya Moskva	Moscow
named after	Beckholmsbron (Swedish: Beckholmen Bridge) is a wooden bridge in central Stockholm, Sweden, connecting the two islands Djurgården and Beckholmen.	Beckholmsbron	Beckholmen
named after	In mathematics, the Pompeiu problem is a conjecture in integral geometry, named for Dimitrie Pompeiu, who posed the problem in 1929, as follows.	Pompeiu problem	Dimitrie Pompeiu
named after	The Ernst Happel Stadium ( Ernst-Happel-Stadion ) (Praterstadion until 1992, sometimes also called Wiener Stadion) in Leopoldstadt, the 2nd district of Austria's capital Vienna, is the largest stadium in Austria.	Ernst-Happel-Stadion	Ernst Happel
named after	Mälartorget (Swedish: Square of Mälaren) is a public square in Gamla stan, the old town in central Stockholm, Sweden, named after its location on the western waterfront of the old town facing Lake Mälaren.	Mälartorget	Mälaren
named after	HMAS Huon (M 82), named for the Huon River, is the lead ship of the Huon class of minehunters operated by the Royal Australian Navy (RAN).	HMAS Huon (M 82)	Huon River
named after	In electrodynamics, Poynting's theorem is a statement of conservation of energy for the electromagnetic field, in the form of a partial differential equation, due to the British physicist John Henry Poynting.	Poynting's theorem	John Henry Poynting
named after	That year the chocolate magnate Peter Ludwig agreed to endow 350 modern artworks--then valued at $45 million --and in return the City of Cologne committed itself to build a dedicated ``Museum Ludwig'' for works made after the year 1900.	Museum Ludwig	Peter Ludwig
named after	Sobolev spaces are named after the Russian mathematician Sergei Sobolev.	Sobolev space	Sergei Sobolev
named after	Fermat's right triangle theorem is a non-existence proof in number theory, the only complete proof left by Pierre de Fermat.	Fermat's right triangle theorem	Pierre de Fermat
named after	Shakespeare's Birthplace is a restored 16th-century half-timbered house situated in Henley Street, Stratford-upon-Avon, Warwickshire, England, where it is believed that William Shakespeare was born in 1564 and spent his childhood years.	Shakespeare's Birthplace	William Shakespeare
named after	The Neue Bachgesellschaft, or New Bach Society, is an organisation based in Leipzig, Germany, devoted to the music of the composer Johann Sebastian Bach.	Neue Bachgesellschaft	Johann Sebastian Bach
named after	A Bismarck tower (German: Bismarckturm) is a specific form of a Bismarck monument, built according to a more or less standard model across the former German Reich to honour the first chancellor Otto von Bismarck.	Bismarck tower	Otto von Bismarck
named after	Ovamboland (also: Owamboland) was the name given by English-speaking visitors to the land occupied by the Ovambo people in what is now northern Namibia and southern Angola.	Ovamboland	Ovambo people
native language	Willi Piecyk (born 11 August 1948 in Munich; died 1 August 2008 in Großhansdorf) was a German politician and Member of the European Parliament with the Social Democratic Party of Germany, part of the Socialist Group and sat on the European Parliament's Committee on Fisheries and its Committee on Transport and Tourism.	Willi Piecyk	German
native language	Paul-Henri Cugnenc (1 June 1946 -- 3 July 2007) was a French surgeon.	Paul-Henri Cugnenc	French
native language	August Willemsen (16 June 1936 in Amsterdam -- 29 November 2007 in Amsterdam) was a Dutch translator of Portuguese and Brazilian literature.	August Willemsen	Dutch
native language	Sebastian Edathy (German pronunciation: (eˈdaːti); born 5 September 1969 as Sebastian Edathiparambil) is a German politician.	Sebastian Edathy	German
native language	Bertrand Visage is a French academic and writer.	Bertrand Visage	French
native language	Émile Muller (20 April 1915, Mulhouse, Haut-Rhin - 11 November 1988) was a French politician from Alsace.	Émile Muller	French
native language	Elmar Brok (born 14 May 1946 in Verl, Westphalia) is a German Member of the European Parliament and the current Chairman of the European Parliament Committee on Foreign Affairs.	Elmar Brok	German
native language	Kurt Beck (born 5 February 1949) is a German politician (SPD), serving as the Minister-President of Rhineland-Palatinate from 1994 to 2013 and as President of the Bundesrat in 2000/01.	Kurt Beck	German
native language	Maurice d'Hartoy (1892--1981), whose real name was Mauritius-Lucien Hanot, also known as Lieutenant d’Hartoy, was a soldier, politician and French writer.	Maurice d'Hartoy	French
native language	Simone Schwarz-Bart (née Brumant) is a French novelist and playwright of Guadeloupean origin.	Simone Schwarz-Bart	French
native language	Mikhaylo Khalilov (Ukrainian: Михайло Халілов; born July 3, 1975 in Mykolaiv) is Ukrainian professional road racing cyclist, who is not currently under contract to any team.	Mikhaylo Khalilov	Ukrainian
native language	Michael Schulz (born September 3, 1961 in Witten) is a retired German soccer player.	Michael Schulz	German
native language	Jean Rouch (French: (ʁuʃ); 31 May 1917, Paris -- 18 February 2004, Niger) was a French filmmaker and anthropologist.	Jean Rouch	French
native language	Joseph Louis Gay-Lussac (/ˌɡeɪləˈsæk/; French: (ʒɔzɛf lwi ɡɛlysak); also Louis Joseph Gay-Lussac; 6 December 1778 -- 9 May 1850) was a French chemist and physicist.	Joseph Louis Gay-Lussac	French
native language	Fernand Sardou (September 18, 1910 - January 31, 1976) was a French singer and actor.	Fernand Sardou	French
native language	Ysa Ferrer (born 4 June 1972 in Oran, Algeria) is a French actress and singer of Spaniard Heritage.	Ysa Ferrer	French
native language	Théodore Reinach (July 3, 1860 -- October 28, 1928) was a French archaeologist, mathematician, lawyer, papyrologist, philologist, epigrapher, historian, numismatist, musicologist, professor, and politician.	Théodore Reinach	French
native language	Johan August Strindberg (/ˈstrɪndbɜːrɡ, ˈstrɪnbɜːrɡ/ Swedish pronunciation : /ˈstrindˌbɜrj/; 22 January 1849 -- 14 May 1912) was a Swedish playwright, novelist, poet, essayist and painter.	August Strindberg	Swedish
native language	Catherine Lalumière (born August 3, 1935, Rennes) is a French politician of the Radical Party of the Left.	Catherine Lalumière	French
native language	Henri Rochereau (25 March 1908, Chantonnay, Vendée -- 25 January 1999, Paris) was a French politician and European Commissioner.	Henri Rochereau	French
native language	Armand Samuel de Marescot, born in Tours on 1 March 1758, died November 5, 1832 at Castle Chaslay near Montoire Loir-et-Cher was a French general of engineering in the French Revolutionary Wars and the Napoleonic Wars.	Armand Samuel de Marescot	French
native language	Jacques Lafleur (20 November 1932 -- 4 December 2010) was a French politician born in Nouméa, New Caledonia.	Jacques Lafleur	French
native language	Jean-Paul Étienne Dreyfus, better known as Jean-Paul Le Chanois (25 October 1909 -- 8 July 1985) was a French film director, screenwriter and actor.	Jean-Paul Le Chanois	French
native language	Pierre Péron (1905--1988) was a French caricaturist, illustrator and printmaker.	Pierre Péron	French
native language	Alain Nadaud (5 July 1948 -- 12 June 2015) was a French novelist, writer and diplomat.	Alain Nadaud	French
native language	Isaac Titsingh FRS (10 January 1745 in Amsterdam -- 2 February 1812 in Paris) was a Dutch surgeon, scholar, merchant-trader and ambassador.	Isaac Titsingh	Dutch
native language	Élémir Bourges (26 March 1852, Manosque, Alpes-de-Haute-Provence -- 13 November 1925) was a French novelist.	Élémir Bourges	French
native language	Auguste Le Prévost (3 June 1787 in Bernay, Eure -- 14 July 1859 in La Vaupalière) was a French geologist, philologist, archaeologist and historian.	Auguste Le Prévost	French
native language	Alain Krivine (French: (a.lɛ̃ kʁi.vin); born 10 July 1941 in Paris) is a leader of the Trotskyist movement in France.	Alain Krivine	French
native language	Maurice Constantin-Weyer (24 April 1881, Bourbonne-les-Bains, Haute-Marne -- 22 October 1964, Vichy, Allier) was a French writer.	Maurice Constantin-Weyer	French
native language	Franck Vogel (born 1977, Strasbourg, France) is a French photographer, journalist and documentary film director.	Franck Vogel	French
native language	Karl Marlo, pseudonym of Karl Georg Winkelblech (April 11, 1810 -- January 10, 1865), was a German professor, scientist, chemist and state socialist.	Karl Marlo	German
native language	Pascal Légitimus (born 13 March 1959) is a French actor, humorist and director.	Pascal Légitimus	French
native language	Karl von Wogau was born 18 July 1941 in Freiburg and is a German politician.	Karl von Wogau	German
native language	Robert Giraud (November 21, 1921 -- January 17, 1997), was a French journalist, poet and lexicographer.	Robert Giraud	French
native language	Pierre Bordage (born 29 January 1955 in La Réorthe, Vendée) is a French science fiction author.	Pierre Bordage	French
native language	Charles Gilbert Tourret (or Thouret; 22 December 1795 -- 17 May 1858) was a French agronomist and politician who was Minister of Agriculture in 1848.	Charles Gilbert Tourret	French
native language	Pierre-Barthélemy Gheusi, also known by the pseudonym Norbert Lorédan, (21 November 1865 -- 30 January 1943) was a French theatre director, librettist, journalist and writer.	Pierre-Barthélemy Gheusi	French
native language	Gabriel Bonnot de Mably (Grenoble, 14 March 1709 -- 2 April 1785 in Paris), sometimes known as Abbé de Mably, was a French philosopher, historian, and writer, who for a short time served in the diplomatic corps.	Gabriel Bonnot de Mably	French
native language	Louise Weiss (1893 in Arras, Pas-de-Calais -- 26 May 1983 in Paris) was a French author, journalist, feminist and European politician.	Louise Weiss	French
native language	Pierre Jean Jouve (11 October 1887 -- 8 January 1976) was a French writer, novelist and poet.	Pierre Jean Jouve	French
native language	Jyoti Subhash is an Indian actress who works in Marathi film, television and theatre industry.	Jyoti Subhash	Marathi
native language	Caroline Ducey (born Caroline Trousselard, 1977 in Sainte-Adresse) is a French actress, who appeared in 34 films since 1994.	Caroline Ducey	French
native language	Herbert Ehrenberg (born 21 December 1926) is a retired German politician.	Herbert Ehrenberg	German
native language	Alfred Albert Martineau (18 December 1859 -- 25 January 1945) was a notable historian and colonial administrator in the French Colonial Empire.	Alfred Albert Martineau	French
native language	Dennis Eilhoff (born 31 July 1982, in Witten, West Germany) is a German former football goalkeeper.	Dennis Eilhoff	German
native language	Georges Poujouly (20 January 1940 in Garches, Hauts-de-Seine -- 28 October 2000 in Villejuif, Val-de-Marne) was a French actor who gained international acclaim as a child for his performance in the award-winning film Forbidden Games.	Georges Poujouly	French
native language	Roland Dumas (born 23 August 1922 in Limoges, Haute-Vienne) is a lawyer and French Socialist politician who served notably as Foreign Minister under President François Mitterrand from 1984 to 1986 and from 1988 to 1993.	Roland Dumas	French
native language	Jean-Benjamin de La Borde (5 September 1734 -- 22 July 1794) was a French composer, writer on music and fermier générale (farm tax collector).	Jean-Benjamin de La Borde	French
native language	Louis-Auguste Juvénal des Ursins d'Harville, Count of Harville (23 April 1749, Paris -- 8 May 1815, Harville or Lizy-sur-Ourcq, France), was a French military officer and politician in late 18th century France.	Louis-Auguste Juvénal des Ursins d'Harville	French
native language	Hans Verhagen is a Dutch journalist, poet, painter and filmmaker.	Hans Verhagen	Dutch
native language	Thomas Nord (born 19 October 1957 in Berlin) is a German politician (DIE LINKE) and Member of the German Federal Parliament.	Thomas Nord	German
native language	Karole Rocher (born 4 July 1974) is a French actress best known for her role as Roxane Delgado in the French TV series Braquo.	Karole Rocher	French
native language	Willem Drees, Sr. ( Dutch pronunciation ) (5 July 1886 -- 14 May 1988) was a Dutch politician of the Labour Party (PvdA).	Willem Drees	Dutch
native language	Hendrik Kraemer (born 17 May 1888 in Amsterdam, died 11 November 1965 in Driebergen) was a lay missiologist and prominent figure in the ecumenical movement from Dutch Reformed Church in the Netherlands.	Hendrik Kraemer	Dutch
native language	Marie-Claire Bancquart (born 1932) is a contemporary French poet, essayist, professor emerita and literary critic.	Marie-Claire Bancquart	French
native language	Julie Myerson (born Julie Susan Pike, 2 June 1960) is an English author and critic.	Julie Myerson	English
native language	Rick Karsdorp (born 11 February 1995) is a Dutch footballer who plays as a right back for Eredivisie side Feyenoord.	Rick Karsdorp	Dutch
native language	Karl Ernst Thomas de Maizière (German pronunciation: (də mɛˈzi̯ɛːɐ̯); born 21 January 1954) is a German politician (CDU) who has served as the Federal Minister of the Interior since 17 December 2013 as part of the third cabinet of Chancellor Angela Merkel.	Thomas de Maizière	German
native language	Roger de Lafforest, (January 11, 1905 -- November 16, 1998), was a French writer.	Roger de Lafforest	French
native language	Pierre Jean George Cabanis (French: (kabanis); 5 June 1757 -- 5 May 1808) was a French physiologist, freemason and materialist philosopher.	Pierre Jean George Cabanis	French
native language	Joannès Marietton (27 August 1860, in Lyon -- 27 May 1914) was a French politician.	Joannès Marietton	French
native language	Jacqueline Fraysse-Cazalis (born February 25, 1947 in Paris) is a French cardiologist and politician.	Jacqueline Fraysse	French
native language	Alfred Masson-Forestier (1852-1912) was a French writer, born at Le Havre.	Alfred Masson-Forestier	French
native language	Jacqueline Risset was a French poet noted for her work on the board of the literary journal Tel Quel along with Julia Kristeva and Philippe Sollers, and for her translations of Italian poetry into French.	Jacqueline Risset	French
native language	Nicolas Coeffeteau (1574 -- 21 April 1623) was a French theologian, poet and historian born at Saint-Calais.	Nicolas Coeffeteau	French
native language	Mortimer Henri-Robert Fournier-Sarlovèze (January 14, 1869 -- July 13, 1937) was a French politician and polo player in the 1900 Summer Olympics.	Robert Fournier-Sarlovèze	French
native language	Claude Arnaud (born 24 April 1955 in Paris) is a French writer, essayist, biographer.	Claude Arnaud	French
native language	Alain-Fournier (pronounced: (a.lɛ̃.fuʁ.nje)) was the pseudonym of Henri-Alban Fournier (3 October 1886 -- 22 September 1914), a French author and soldier.	Alain-Fournier	French
native language	Séverine Ferrer (born 31 October 1977) is a French singer.	Séverine Ferrer	French
native language	Nicolaas Beets (13 September 1814 -- 13 March 1903) was a Dutch theologian, writer and poet.	Nicolaas Beets	Dutch
native language	Marguerite Yourcenar (French pronunciation: ​(maʁɡəʁit juʁsənaʁ); 8 June 1903 -- 17 December 1987) was a Belgian-born French novelist and essayist.	Marguerite Yourcenar	French
native language	Henri Nallet (born on 6 January 1939 in Bergerac, Dordogne) is a French politician.	Henri Nallet	French
native language	Mehdi Belhaj Kacem is a French-Tunisian actor, philosopher, and writer.	Mehdi Belhaj Kacem	French
native language	Numa Denis Fustel de Coulanges (French: (kulɑ̃ʒ); 18 March 1830 -- 12 September 1889) was a French historian.	Numa Denis Fustel de Coulanges	French
native language	I Muvrini is a Corsican folk music group, who sing traditional Corsican music in their native Corsican language.	I Muvrini	Corsican
native language	Mehdi Charef (born 21 October 1952) is a French film director and screenwriter of Algerian descent.	Mehdi Charef	French
native language	Christine Pascal (29 November 1953 -- 30 August 1996) was a French actress, writer and director.	Christine Pascal	French
native language	Chrismansyah Rahadi ((xrisˈmanʃah raˈhadi); 16 September 1949 -- 30 March 2007), born Christian Rahadi but better known by his stage name of Chrisye ((xəˈriʃə)), was an Indonesian progressive pop singer and songwriter.	Chrisye	Indonesian
native language	Jean Mistler (1 September 1897 -- 11 November 1988) was a French writer born in Sorèze, Tarn.	Jean Mistler	French
native language	Albert François Lebrun (French: (albɛʁ ləbʁœ̃); 29 August 1871 -- 6 March 1950) was a French politician, President of France from 1932 to 1940.	Albert François Lebrun	French
native language	Anicet Turinay (born April 18, 1945 in Gros-Morne, Martinique) is a conservative politician from Martinique who served in the French National Assembly from 1997-2002.	Anicet Turinay	French
native language	Jean-François d'Orgeix (15 April 1921 -- 4 July 2006) was a French equestrian and Olympic medalist.	Jean-François d'Orgeix	French
native language	Jacques Chazot, (b. 25 September 1928 in Locmiquélic (Morbihan), d. 12 July 1993 in Monthyon (Seine-et-Marne) was a French dancer and socialite.	Jacques Chazot	French
native language	Eliška Krásnohorská (18 November 1847, Prague -- 26 November 1926, Prague) was a Czech feminist author.	Eliška Krásnohorská	Czech
native language	Pierre Bayle (French: (bɛl); 18 November 1647 -- 28 December 1706) was a French philosopher and writer best known for his seminal work the Historical and Critical Dictionary, published beginning in 1697.	Pierre Bayle	French
native language	Charles Magnin (born in Paris, November 4, 1793; died there, October 7, 1862) was a French author.	Charles Magnin	French
native language	Catulle Mendès (22 May 1841 -- 8 February 1909) was a French poet and man of letters.	Catulle Mendès	French
native language	Élisabeth Wiener (born 23 November 1946) is a French actress and singer.	Élisabeth Wiener	French
native language	Kléber Haedens, born 11 December 1913 in Équeurdreville, died 13 August 1976, was a French novelist and journalist.	Kléber Haedens	French
native language	Jan Wiegers (Kommerzijl, 31 July 1893 - Amsterdam, 30 November 1959) was a Dutch expressionist painter.	Jan Wiegers	Dutch
native language	Claude Gaspard Bachet de Méziriac (October 9, 1581 -- February 26, 1638) was a French mathematician, linguist, poet and classics scholar born in Bourg-en-Bresse, at that time belonging to Duchy of Savoy.	Claude Gaspard Bachet de Méziriac	French
native language	Jean François de Saint-Lambert (26 December 1716 -- 9 February 1803) was a French poet, philosopher and military officer.	Jean François de Saint-Lambert	French
native language	Yal Ayerdhal (26 January 1959 -- 27 October 2015) was a French thriller and science fiction writer from Lyon.	Ayerdhal	French
native language	Jean-Christophe Grangé (born 15 July 1961) is a French mystery writer, journalist, and screenwriter.	Jean-Christophe Grangé	French
native language	Katja Kipping (born 18 January 1978 in Dresden) is a German politician who is chairperson of the Left Party and a member of the Bundestag (German Parliament).	Katja Kipping	German
native language	Jacques Jouet (born 6 October 1947) is a French writer and has been a participating member of the Oulipo literary project since 1983.	Jacques Jouet	French
native language	André Le Troquer (27 October 1884, in Paris -- 11 November 1963) was a French politician, socialist lawyer, and president of the National Assembly from 12 January 1954 to 10 January 1955, and a second time from 24 January 1956 to 4 October 1958.	André Le Troquer	French
native language	Charles-François Delacroix (or Lacroix; 14 April 1741 -- 26 October 1805) was a French statesman who became Minister of Foreign Affairs under the Directory.	Charles-François Delacroix	French
native language	Wolfgang Ernst (born 1956 in Bonn, Germany) is a German lawyer and Regius Professor of Civil Law at the University of Oxford.	Wolfgang Ernst	German
native language	François Véron Duverger de Forbonnais (1722--1800) was a French political economist and contributor to the Encyclopédie ou Dictionnaire raisonné des sciences, des arts et des métiers.	François Véron Duverger de Forbonnais	French
native language	Antoine Louis François Sergent dit Sergent-Marceau (1751--1847) was a French printmaker.	Antoine Louis François Sergent dit Sergent-Marceau	French
native language	Alain Dister (1941--2008), formerly Alain Sicard de Sailly, was a renowned French Rock n Roll photographer being one of the first European photographers to join the music in Height Ashbury, California, in the mid-60s.	Alain Dister	French
native language	Grégoire Colin (born 27 July 1975 in Châtenay-Malabry) is a French actor, producer, screenwriter, and director.	Grégoire Colin	French
native language	André Dacier (6 April 1651 -- 18 September 1722), Latin Andreas Dacerius, was a French classical scholar and editor of texts.	André Dacier	French
native language	France Roche (2 April 1921 -- 14 December 2013) was a French film actress and screenwriter.	France Roche	French
native language	Jean-Pierre Poccioni (born 1948) is a French writer, whose first novel, ''Le Beau Désordre'' was published in 2000.	Jean-Pierre Poccioni	French
native language	Baron Anne-Honoré-Joseph Duveyrier, surnamed Mélesville (13 December 1787, Paris -7 November 1865, Marly-le-Roi), pen-name Mélesville, was a French dramatist.	Mélesville	French
native language	Marcel Martinet (1887--1944) was a French poet, novelist and playwright.	Marcel Martinet	French
native language	Étienne-Paulin Gagne, known as Paulin Gagne (June 8, 1808 -- August 1876) was a French poet, essayist, lawyer, politician, inventor, and eccentric whose best known poem, The Woman-Messiah, is among the longest poems in French, or any language.	Paulin Gagne	French
native language	Pierre Jules Théophile Gautier (French: (pjɛʁ ʒyl teofil ɡotje); 30 August 1811 -- 23 October 1872) was a French poet, dramatist, novelist, journalist, and art and literary critic.	Théophile Gautier	French
native language	Comte Pierre Louis Roederer (15 February 1754 -- 17 December 1835) was a French politician, economist, and historian, politically active in the era of the French Revolution and First French Republic.	Pierre Louis Roederer	French
native language	Romy Schneider (23 September 1938 -- 29 May 1982) was a film actress born in Vienna who held German and French citizenship.	Romy Schneider	German
native language	Paul Meurisse (French pronunciation: ​(pɔl møʁis); 21 December 1912 in Dunkirk -- 19 January 1979 in Neuilly-sur-Seine) was a French actor who appeared in over 60 films and many stage productions.	Paul Meurisse	French
native language	Rivers Cadet (1 March 1892 -- 1 November 1968) was a French actor.	Rivers Cadet	French
native language	Raymond Tarcy (born November 18, 1936 in French Guiana) is a politician from French Guiana who was elected to the French Senate in 1980 .	Raymond Tarcy	French
native language	Imants Ziedonis (3 May 1933 -- 27 February 2013) was a Latvian poet who first rose to fame during the Soviet occupation of Latvia.	Imants Ziedonis	Latvian
native language	Carl-Friedrich Arp Ole Freiherr von Beust, generally called Ole von Beust (born April 13, 1955), is a German politician who was First Mayor of Hamburg from 31 October 2001 to 25 August 2010, serving as President of the Bundesrat from 1 November 2007 on for one year.	Ole von Beust	German
native language	Kim Takhwan (born October 27, 1968) is a South Korean novelist and literary critic.	Kim Takhwan	Korean
native language	Catherine Samie (born 3 February 1933) is a French actress and member (sociétaire, doyen) of the Comédie-Française from 1962.	Catherine Samie	French
native language	François Ponsard (1 June 1814 -- 7 July 1867), was a French dramatist, poet and author and was a member of the Académie française.	François Ponsard	French
native language	Bernard Pivot, OC, CQ (French: (pivo); born May 5, 1935) is a journalist, interviewer and host of French cultural television programmes.	Bernard Pivot	French
native language	Alphonse Allais (20 October 1854 -- 28 October 1905) was a French writer and humorist, who was born in Honfleur, Calvados and who died in Paris.	Alphonse Allais	French
native language	Thomas Verny (born 1726; died 16 July 1808 in Clermont-l'Hérault) was a French lawyer, who had a political career at the start of the Revolution.	Thomas Verny	French
native language	Jean Chrétien Ferdinand Hoefer (German: Ferdinand Höfer, April 21, 1811 -- May 1878) was a German-French physician and lexicographer.	Ferdinand Hoefer	French
native language	Jean Tiberi (born 30 January 1935) is a French politician who was mayor of Paris from 22 May 1995 to 24 March 2001.	Jean Tiberi	French
native language	Albert Simonin (1905--1980) was a French novelist and scriptwriter.	Albert Simonin	French
native language	Edward Lear (12 or 13 May 1812 -- 29 January 1888) was an English artist, illustrator, musician, author and poet, and is known now mostly for his literary nonsense in poetry and prose and especially his limericks, a form he popularised.	Edward Lear	English
native language	Samson Fainsilber (June 18, 1904 -- December 19, 1983) was a Romanian-born French film actor.	Samson Fainsilber	French
native language	Alain Duhamel (born 31 May 1940) is a prominent French journalist and political commentator.	Alain Duhamel	French
native language	André Roanne (born André Albert Louis Rahou) (Paris, 22 September 1896 -- Cannes, 4 September 1959) was a French actor.	André Roanne	French
native language	Gérard Watkins (born 4 July 1965) is an English-French actor, playwright, director, and songwriter.	Gérard Watkins	French
native language	Marc Sangnier (3 April 1873 in Paris -- 28 May 1950 in Paris) was a French Roman Catholic thinker and politician, who in 1894 founded le Sillon (``The Furrow''), a liberal Catholic movement.	Marc Sangnier	French
native language	Maurice-Yvan Sicard (nom de plume Saint-Paulien; born 21 May 1910 in Le Puy-en-Velay - died 10 December 2000) was a French journalist and far right political activist.	Maurice-Yvan Sicard	French
native language	Lucía Gil Santiago (Spanish pronunciation: (luˈθia ˈɣil sanˈtjaɣo); born 29 May 1998 in Madrid) is a Spanish singer and actress, best known for winning the first season of the Spanish version of the Disney Channel singing competition My Camp Rock.	Lucía Gil	Spanish
native language	Armelle (born 23 July 1969 as Armelle Lesniak) is a French actress, comedian and screenwriter, best known for her role as Maéva Capucin in Caméra Café.	Armelle	French
native language	Philippe Lançon (French: (lɑ̃sɔ̃)) is a journalist working for the French satirical weekly newspaper Charlie Hebdo, who was wounded in the terrorist attack perpetrated against that publication on 7 January 2015.	Philippe Lançon	French
native language	Abdourahamane Soilihi (born October 4, 1959 in Mayotte) is a French politician who was elected to the French Senate on September 25, 2011 representing the department of Mayotte an overseas department and region of France.	Abdourahamane Soilihi	French
native language	Olivier Baroux (born 5 January 1964) is a French actor, comedian, writer and director who has acted both on stage and on screen.	Olivier Baroux	French
native language	Bernard Pons (born 18 July 1926, Beziers) was a French politician and medical doctor who was a member of the Union of Democrats for the Republic from 1971 to 1976 and a member of the Rally for the Republic party thereafter.	Bernard Pons	French
native language	Michel Goudchaux (18 March 1797 -- 27 December 1862) was a French banker and politician who was twice Minister of Finance during the French Second Republic.	Michel Goudchaux	French
native language	Elisabeth ``Eliza/Élisa'' Rachel Félix (also Elizabeth-Rachel Félix), better known only as Mademoiselle Rachel (February 21, 1821 -- January 3, 1858), was a French actress.	Rachel Félix	French
native language	Yasmina Reza (born 1 May 1959) is a French playwright, actress, novelist and screenwriter best known for her plays 'Art' and God of Carnage.	Yasmina Reza	French
native language	Alma Jodorowsky (born 26 September 1991) is a French actress, fashion model and singer.	Alma Jodorowsky	French
native language	Adrien-Nicolas Piédefer, marquis de La Salle, comte d'Offrémont (1735--1818) was a French writer and cavalry officer who saw service in the Seven Years' War, a writer of comedies and libretti, and a Masonic brother of Benjamin Franklin.	Adrien-Nicolas Piédefer, marquis de La Salle	French
native language	Louis Loucheur (12 August 1872, Roubaix, Nord -- 22 November 1931, Paris) was a French politician in the Third Republic, at first a member of the conservative Republican Federation, then of the Democratic Republican Alliance and of the Independent Radicals.	Louis Loucheur	French
native language	Françoise Lépine is a French actress and comedian.	Françoise Lépine	French
native language	Tony Duvert (July 2, 1945 -- August 2008) was a French writer and philosopher.	Tony Duvert	French
native language	Alain Tasso (born July 22, 1962 in Beirut) is a Lebanese-French poet, painter and essayist.	Alain Tasso	French
native language	Georges Othily (born January 7, 1944 in French Guiana) is a French Guianese politician who was elected to the French Senate in 1989.	Georges Othily	French
native language	Marc Chapiteau (17 August 1946) is a French actor.	Marc Chapiteau	French
native language	Adolph Woermann (10 December 1847 in Hamburg -- 4 May 1911 in the Grönwohld-Hof near Trittau) was a German merchant, shipowner and politician, who was also instrumental in the establishment of German colonies in Africa.	Adolph Woermann	German
native language	François-Marie-Casimir Négrier (27 April 1788 in Le Mans -- 25 June 1848 in Lille) was a French general who fought in the Napoleonic Wars and the 1848 Revolution.	François-Marie-Casimir Négrier	French
native language	François-Xavier Ortoli (16 February 1925 -- 30 November 2007) was a French Gaullist politician and businessman.	François-Xavier Ortoli	French
native language	Peter Gauweiler (born June 22, 1949 in Munich, Bavaria) is a German politician, and a member of Bavaria's Christian Social Union (CSU) formerly in the German Bundestag, where he represented Munich South and served as deputy leader of the CSU.	Peter Gauweiler	German
native language	Pierre Debray-Ritzen (27 February 1922 -- 7 July 1993) was a French physician and psychiatrist.	Pierre Debray-Ritzen	French
native language	Maylis de Kerangal (born 16 June 1967, Toulon) is a French author.	Maylis de Kerangal	French
native language	Johannes or Jan Luyken (April 16, 1649 - April 5, 1712) was a Dutch poet, illustrator and engraver.	Jan Luyken	Dutch
native language	Marie Joseph Gabriel Antoine Jogand-Pagès, better known by the pen name Léo Taxil (French: (leo taksil); March 21, 1854 -- March 31, 1907), was a French writer and journalist who became known for his strong anti-Catholic and anti-clerical views.	Léo Taxil	French
native language	Évelyne Bouix (French: (bwi); born 22 April 1953) is a French film actress and stage actress.	Évelyne Bouix	French
native language	Pierre Louis Albert Decrais (18 December 1838 -- 27 February 1915) was a French lawyer, administrator, diplomat and politician who was a deputy from 1897 to 1903, then a senator from 1903 to 1915.	Albert Decrais	French
native language	Marcel Esdras (May 21, 1927 in Pointe-Noire, Guadeloupe -- November 13, 1988 in Clichy-la-Garenne, France) was a politician from Guadeloupe who served in the French National Assembly from 1981-1986 representing Union pour la démocratie française.	Marcel Esdras	French
native language	Myriam Harry was the pen name of Maria Rosette Shapira (April 1869 (some sources say 1875) -- March 10, 1958), a French journalist and writer.	Myriam Harry	French
native language	Virginie Despentes (French: (depɑ̃t); born 13 June 1969) is a French writer, novelist, and filmmaker.	Virginie Despentes	French
native language	Mona Goya ( November 25, 1909 -- October 8, 1961) was a Mexican-born French film actress who rose to fame in the 1930s.	Mona Goya	French
native language	Rudolf Seiters (born 13 October 1937 in Osnabrück, Lower Saxony) is a German politician of the CDU (Christian Democratic Union) party.	Rudolf Seiters	German
native language	Henri Gerbault, Henry Gerbault, or Jean Louis Armand Henri Gerbault (24 June 1863 - 19 October 1930) was a French illustrator, water color painter, and poster artist.	Henry Gerbault	French
native language	Jean Joseph François Poujoulat (28 January 1808, Montferrand-la-Fare -- 5 January 1880, Paris), was a French historian and journalist.	Jean Joseph François Poujoulat	French
native language	Nathalie Henneberg (October 23, 1910, Batumi -- June 24, 1977, Paris) was a French science fiction writer, a precursor of modern French heroic fantasy.	Nathalie Henneberg	French
native language	Aurélien Bellanger, born 20 April 1980 in Laval, Mayenne, is a French writer and actor.	Aurélien Bellanger	French
native language	Philippe Soupault (2 August 1897, Chaville, Hauts-de-Seine -- 12 March 1990, Paris) was a French writer and poet, novelist, critic, and political activist.	Philippe Soupault	French
native language	Eduard Hanslick (11 September 1825 -- 6 August 1904) was a German Bohemian music critic.	Eduard Hanslick	German
native language	Adrien André (29 May 1884, in La Bussière, Vienne -- 22 April 1965) was a French politician.	Adrien André	French
native language	Peter Liese (born 20 May 1965 in Olsberg, North Rhine-Westphalia) is a German politician and Member of the European Parliament for North Rhine-Westphalia with the conservative Christian Democratic Union, part of the European People's Party.	Peter Liese	German
native language	Jacques Réda (born 24 January 1929 in Lunéville) is a French poet, jazz critic, and flâneur.	Jacques Réda	French
native language	Nathan André Chouraqui (11 August 1917 -- 9 July 2007) was a French lawyer, writer, scholar and politician.	André Chouraqui	French
native language	Sung Chan-gyeong (Hangul: 성찬경) was a modern South Korean poet.	Sung Chan-gyeong	Korean
native language	Carl Otto Lenz (born 5 June 1930 in Berlin) is a German lawyer, member of the German Bundestag (1965--1984) for the CDU and Advocate General at the European Court of Justice (1984--1997).	Carl Otto Lenz	German
native language	Michael Grosse-Brömer (born 12 October 1960 in Oberhausen) is a German politician and a member of the Bundestag for the German Christian Democratic Union.	Michael Grosse-Brömer	German
native language	Claire Wolniewicz (born 1966) is a French journalist and writer.	Claire Wolniewicz	French
native language	Jules Berry (born Marie Louis Jules Paufichet; 9 February 1883 -- 23 April 1951) was a French actor.	Jules Berry	French
native language	Cathy Rosier (January 2, 1945 in Fort-de-France -- May 17, 2004) was a model and actress, who was born in Martinique, French West Indies, and died in Marrakech, Morocco, from a ruptured aorta.	Cathy Rosier	French
native language	William Godwin (3 March 1756 -- 7 April 1836) was an English journalist, political philosopher and novelist.	William Godwin	English
native language	Dr. Willem Pleyte (26 June 1836 -- 1 March 1903) was a Dutch Egyptologist and museum director.	Willem Pleyte	Dutch
native language	Jean-Jacques Bouchard (born 30 October 1606 in Paris, died on 26 August 1641 in Rome) was a French writer.	Jean-Jacques Bouchard	French
native language	Candice Parise is a French actress and singer.	Candice Parise	French
native language	Élodie Yung (French pronunciation: ​(elɔdi juŋ); born February 22, 1981) is a French television and film actress.	Élodie Yung	French
native language	Fañch Broudig or François Broudic (born 1946 in Buhulien) is a Breton journalist and Breton- and French-language writer.	Fañch Broudig	French
native language	Anne-Marie Cazalis (1920 in Boufarik, Algeria -- July 30, 1988 in Paris, France) was a French writer, journalist and briefly an actress.	Anne-Marie Cazalis	French
native language	Peider Lansel (August 15, 1863 - December 8, 1943) was a Swiss Romansh lyric poet.	Peider Lansel	Romansh
native language	Klaas Gubbels (born 1934), is a Dutch painter and sculptor with a special love of teapots.	Klaas Gubbels	Dutch
native language	Francis Lalanne (born Francis-José Lalanne on 8 August 1958 in Anglet) is a French-Uruguayan singer, songwriter and poet.	Francis Lalanne	French
native language	Armand Bouat (b. March 31, Padirac, 1873, d. August 11, 1929, Neuilly-sur-Seine) was a French politician and merchant.	Armand Bouat	French
native language	Roderich Kiesewetter (born 11 September 1963 in Pfullendorf, Germany) is a politician (CDU), member of the German Bundestag and former Bundeswehr general staff officer.	Roderich Kiesewetter	German
native language	Jean-Marie Laclavetine (born February 17, 1954 in Bordeaux) is a French editor, writer and translator of Italian literature into French.	Jean-Marie Laclavetine	French
native language	Hervé Gaymard (born 31 May 1960 in Bourg-Saint-Maurice, Savoie) is a French politician and a member of UMP conservative party.	Hervé Gaymard	French
native language	Philippe François Pinel, known as Dumanoir (31 July 1806 -- 16 November 1865) was a French playwright and librettist.	Dumanoir	French
native language	Gilles Aillaud (1928 in Paris -- 24 March 2005 in Paris) was an internationally known French painter, set decorator, and playwright; as well, he was one of the main proponents of the Nouvelle Figuration and Figuration Narrative schools of art.	Gilles Aillaud	French
native language	Charles Gautier (25 January 1945 -- 11 June 2014) was a French politician who was a member of the Senate of France, representing the Loire-Atlantique department.	Charles Gautier	French
original network	Based on the Archie comic books, created by Bob Montana in 1941, The Archie Show debuted on CBS in September 1968 and lasted for one season.	The Archie Show	CBS
original network	Roll Out is an American sitcom that aired Friday evenings on CBS during the 1973-1974 television season.	Roll Out	CBS
original network	Lado a Lado (Portuguese pronunciation: (ˈladw ɐ ˈlaðu), Side by Side) is a Brazilian telenovela produced and broadcast by Rede Globo from September 10, 2012 to March 8, 2013.	Lado a Lado	Rede Globo
original network	Maggie and the Ferocious Beast aired on the American children's channel Nick Jr. from July 15, 2000 until October 30, 2010, and has not been shown on any US station ever since.	Maggie and the Ferocious Beast	Nick Jr.
original network	La Cible (The Target) is a televised game show presented on France 2.	La Cible	France 2
original network	Notizen aus der Provinz (German for ``news from the province'') was a political cabaret program hosted by Dieter Hildebrandt and broadcast by ZDF from 1973 to 1979.	Notizen aus der Provinz	ZDF
original network	Elizabeth R is a BBC television drama serial of six 85-minute plays starring Glenda Jackson in the title role.	Elizabeth R	BBC
original network	My Favorite Martian is an American television sitcom that aired on CBS from September 29, 1963, to May 1, 1966, for 107 episodes (75 in black and white: 1963--65, 32 color: 1965--66).	My Favorite Martian	CBS
original network	Pirates of Silicon Valley is an original 1999 TNT American drama film, directed by Martyn Burke and starring Noah Wyle as Steve Jobs and Anthony Michael Hall as Bill Gates.	Pirates of Silicon Valley	TNT
original network	Monday Night with Matty Johns is an Australian sports television series aired on Fox Sports on 4 March 2013.	Monday Night with Matty Johns	Fox Sports
original network	College Scoreboard was a program that aired on NFL Network that debuted in 2006, and ended in 2007.	College Scoreboard	NFL Network
original network	The Principal's Office is a reality TV program on TruTV that began airing on August 21, 2008, released through Leftfield Pictures.	The Principal's Office	TruTV
original network	America's Newsroom, written on-air as ``America's Newsroom with Bill Hemmer and Martha MacCallum'' is an American news/talk program on Fox News Channel, first airing on February 12, 2007.	America's Newsroom	Fox News Channel
original network	Presidio Med is an American medical drama that aired on CBS from September 2002, to January 2003.	Presidio Med	CBS
original network	Nina and the Neurons is a programme shown on the CBeebies channel aimed at four to six-year-olds to help them understand basic science.	Nina and the Neurons	CBeebies
original network	Banegi Apni Baat is a Hindi television drama series that started airing on Zee TV in 1993 running till 1997.	Banegi Apni Baat	Zee TV
original network	Tubridy Tonight is a talk show hosted by Ryan Tubridy that aired on RTÉ One for five seasons between 2004 and 2009.	Tubridy Tonight	RTÉ One
original network	J-Melo is a weekly Japanese music television program broadcast by NHK.	J-Melo	NHK
original network	Buffalo Dreams is a 2005 Disney Channel Original Movie directed by David S. Jackson.	Buffalo Dreams	Disney Channel
original network	On July 28, 2014, Canal de las Estrellas broadcast Hasta el fin del mundo weeknights at 9:30pm, replacing Lo Que La Vida Me Robó.	Hasta el fin del mundo	Canal de las Estrellas
original network	Driving School is a docusoap that was broadcast on BBC One in the summer of 1997, which followed a group of learner drivers around Bristol and South Wales.	Driving School	BBC One
original network	Breaking Pointe is an American reality television series that premiered on May 31, 2012, on The CW.	Breaking Pointe	The CW
original network	We Have Issues is an American comedy infotainment series which premiered on September 18, 2015, on the E! cable channel.	We Have Issues	E
original network	The Speaker is a 2009 British television series, broadcast on BBC Two.	The Speaker	BBC Two
original network	11AM (Eleven AM) was a news magazine program that aired on the Seven Network from 11 am AEST to midday from 1982 to 1999.	11AM	Seven Network
original network	Love in the Wild is a reality television series that debuted on June 29, 2011 on NBC.	Love in the Wild	NBC
original network	The Restless Wave is a Canadian historical television miniseries which aired on CBC Television in 1970.	The Restless Wave	CBC Television
original network	As Told by Ginger (also known as As Told by Ginger Foutley) is an American animated television series aimed at preteens and teenagers that was produced by Klasky-Csupo and aired on Nickelodeon.	As Told by Ginger	Nickelodeon
original network	O Rei do Gado (King of Cattle) is a Brazilian telenovela that was produced and broadcast on Rede Globo, from 17 June 1996 to February 15, 1997, totaling 209 episodes and 130 in the original version of the SIC in Portugal.	O Rei do Gado	Rede Globo
original network	Museo Coconut (English: Coconut Museum) is a Spanish TV sitcom which is aired in Neox since November 1, 2010.	Museo Coconut	Neox
original network	Touche pas à mon poste! (also known as TPMP) is a French live TV show broadcast on D8 produced by H2O Production which deals with the TV actuality and medias.	Touche pas à mon poste!	D8
original network	School Pride is an American reality television series which aired on NBC, from executive producers Cheryl Hines and Denise Cramsey.	School Pride	NBC
original network	Fourteen years after Agony ended on ITV, the BBC revived it as Agony Again.	Agony Again	BBC
original network	Så mycket bättre (``So Much Better'') is a Swedish reality television show that airs on TV4 as a local version of the original Dutch ``Best Singers Of Holland'' series.	Så mycket bättre	TV4
original network	International News Net World Report Evening News, or INN World Report, is an independent American cable news program which was broadcast by the non-profit, progressive cable station Free Speech TV until 2009.	INN World Report	Free Speech TV
original network	Copycat Singers was a Swedish musical gameshow broadcast by TV3 in late 2011.	Copycat Singers	TV3
original network	José Díaz-Balart is an American news program that aired on MSNBC and was hosted by Cuban-American journalist Jose Diaz-Balart.	José Díaz-Balart	MSNBC
original network	Bae Cheol-soo's Music Camp (Hangul: 배철수의 음악캠프) is a South Korean radio show hosted by Bae Cheol-soo on MBC FM4U since 1990.	Bae Cheol-soo's Music Camp	MBC FM4U
original network	I'll Bet is an American game show that ran on NBC from March 29 to September 24, 1965.	I'll Bet	NBC
original network	The PTL Club, which adopted a talk-show format, was the flagship television program of the Bakkers' PTL Satellite Network.	The PTL Club	PTL Satellite Network
original network	This Week in Politics was a weekly political news and talk program on CNN.	This Week in Politics	CNN
original network	Ranbir Rano is a Hindi television series that aired on Zee TV channel between 22 September 2008 -- 28 May 2009.	Ranbir Rano	Zee TV
original network	Something Is Out There is the title of a 1988 American science fiction television miniseries that aired on NBC, and a weekly series that followed in the fall of 1988.	Something Is Out There	NBC
original network	Rabbids Invasion is a French/American animated television series which premiered on August 3, 2013 on Nickelodeon.	Rabbids Invasion	Nickelodeon
original network	Ned and Stacey is an American sitcom that aired on the Fox Broadcasting Company network from 1995 to 1997, starring Thomas Haden Church and Debra Messing as the titular couple.	Ned and Stacey	Fox Broadcasting Company
original network	Amantes de Luna Llena (Full Moon Lovers) is a Venezuelan telenovela written by Leonardo Padrón for Venevisión in 2000.	Amantes de Luna Llena	Venevisión
original network	The Perils of Penelope Pitstop is an American animated television series produced by Hanna-Barbera Productions that premiered on CBS on September 13, 1969.	The Perils of Penelope Pitstop	CBS
original network	The DuPont Show with June Allyson (also known as The June Allyson Show) is an American anthology drama series which aired on CBS from September 21, 1959 to April 3, 1961 with rebroadcasts continuing until June 12, 1961.	The DuPont Show with June Allyson	CBS
original network	Skin Wars is a body painting reality competition hosted by Rebecca Romijn that premiered on Game Show Network on August 6, 2014.	Skin Wars	Game Show Network
original network	Hollywood Cycle is an American reality documentary television series that premiered on July 7, 2015, on E! television network.	Hollywood Cycle	E
original network	Bowhunter TV is a television series directed and hosted by Mike Carney which debuted on the Outdoor Channel in 2005.	Bowhunter TV	Outdoor Channel
original network	Little Britain USA is an American spin-off-continuation of British sketch show, Little Britain, produced and aired by HBO.	Little Britain USA	HBO
original network	Ghost Hunters International (abbreviated as GHI) is a spin-off series of Ghost Hunters that aired on Syfy.	Ghost Hunters International	Syfy
original network	The Moxy Show (also known as The Moxy Pirate Show and The Moxy & Flea Show) is an animation anthology television series produced by Colossal Pictures for Cartoon Network.	The Moxy Show	Cartoon Network
original network	The Jack Eigen Show was an American television show, 15 minutes in duration, which aired Thursdays 7:45 to 8pm ET on the DuMont Television Network from 1947 to 1951, The show continued as an radio program from 1951 to 1971, running from 11:15pm to 12:30am ET on WMAQ (AM).	The Jack Eigen Show	DuMont Television Network
original network	Antiques Road Trip is a BBC television series that was first shown on BBC Two from 8 March 2010 to 23 November 2012, and then shown on BBC One since 7 January 2013.	Antiques Road Trip	BBC Two
original network	Celebrity Playhouse is an American anthology series that aired on NBC from September 1955, to June 1956.	Celebrity Playhouse	NBC
original network	The Ruth Rendell Mysteries is a British television series made by Television South and Meridian Television (in association with Blue Heaven productions) for ITV between 2 August 1987 and 11 October 2000.	The Ruth Rendell Mysteries	ITV
original network	The Famous Jett Jackson is a joint Canadian and American Disney Channel Original Series coming-of-age television series for children about a boy named Jett Jackson (Lee Thompson Young) who plays a teenage secret-agent on a fictional TV show-within-a-show called Silverstone.	The Famous Jett Jackson	Disney Channel
original network	The Body Shocking Show is a factual series shown on E4 with the first episode being aired on 14 March 2013 at 10pm.	The Body Shocking Show	E4
original network	Style & Substance is an American sitcom starring Jean Smart and Nancy McKeon which aired on CBS from January 5 to September 2, 1998.	Style & Substance	CBS
original network	Yule Love Story was a drama series aired on Zee TV from 1993 to 1995.	Yule Love Story	Zee TV
original network	U-Pick Live is a program that aired on Nickelodeon from October 14, 2002 to May 27, 2005 on weekday afternoons from Nickelodeon Headquarters in New York City's Times Square.	U-Pick Live	Nickelodeon
original network	The Rising Son is a live action television series on Adult Swim, that premiered on April 19, 2009, and ended on May 10, 2009, with a total of four episodes.	The Rising Son	Adult Swim
original network	Sai de Baixo (a Brazilian Portuguese slang roughly translated as ``get out of the way'') is a Brazilian sitcom that first aired on Rede Globo from 1996 to 2002.	Sai de Baixo	Rede Globo
original network	The Roy Doty Show was a Sunday morning DuMont Television Network children's TV show hosted by Roy Doty (1922-2015).	The Roy Doty Show	DuMont Television Network
original network	The Lot is a 30 minute dramedy series that aired for 2 seasons and 17 episodes on the AMC from 1999 to 2001.	The Lot	AMC
original network	Canal de las Estrellas aired Rubí from May 17 to October 22, 2004, with Apuesta por un amor replacing it.	Rubí	Canal de las Estrellas
original network	The People's Quiz was a BBC National Lottery game show that was broadcast on BBC One from 24 March to 23 June 2007.	The People's Quiz	BBC One
original network	Blacke's Magic is an American crime drama series that aired on NBC from January to May 1986.	Blacke's Magic	NBC
original network	The Big Payoff was a daytime and primetime game show that premiered on NBC in 1951, and ended its network run on CBS in 1959.	The Big Payoff	NBC	CBS
original network	Ghar Ek Sapnaa is a Hindi television serial that aired on Sahara One channel worldwide.	Ghar Ek Sapnaa	Sahara One
original network	Aimed at children between the ages of 3 and 6, Chuggington made its UK debut as a ``soft launch'' on BBC Two on 22 September 2008.	Chuggington	BBC Two
original network	Nginiig (lit. Shivers) is a weekly horror television program aired by ABS-CBN 2.	Nginiig	ABS-CBN
original network	Crocodile Shoes is a British 7-part television series made by the BBC and screened on BBC One in 1994.	Crocodile Shoes	BBC One
original network	Now on its seventh year, Studio 23's flagship show Y Speak is hosted by Bianca Gonzalez which airs every Saturday.	Y Speak	Studio 23
original network	C Bear and Jamal is an animated children's television show that premiered on the Fox Kids programming block in 1996.	C Bear and Jamal	Fox Kids
original network	Alles außer Sex (Sex & More) was a German ``dramedy'' television series which aired on the TV station ProSieben between 2005 and 2006.	Alles außer Sex	ProSieben
original network	Ton of Cash was a show on VH1 that premiered on August 17, 2011.	Ton of Cash	VH1
original network	Saturday Matters with Sue Lawley was a short lived, late night chat show presented by Sue Lawley, which aired on BBC One in late 1989.	Saturday Matters with Sue Lawley	BBC One
original network	You Deserve It is an American game show created by Dick de Rijk for American Broadcasting Company (ABC).	You Deserve It	American Broadcasting Company
original network	Bus Life is an English mini-series that aired on Disney Channel in England from 2003-2004.	Bus Life	Disney Channel
original network	All About Aubrey is a reality television series from Oxygen that premiered on March 7, 2011.	All About Aubrey	Oxygen
original network	Mancuso, F.B.I. is a crime drama which was aired by NBC as part of its 1989-90 schedule.	Mancuso, F.B.I.	NBC
original network	Picked Off is an American reality-competition television series on History.	Picked Off	History
original network	Finding John Christmas is a 2003 television movie that first aired on CBS.	Finding John Christmas	CBS
original network	Bite Me with Dr. Mike is an American television show currently broadcasting on The Travel Channel.	Bite Me with Dr. Mike	Travel Channel
original network	The Beverly Hillbillies is an American sitcom originally broadcast on CBS for nine seasons from September 26, 1962, to March 23, 1971.	The Beverly Hillbillies	CBS
original network	Doli Saja Ke was a Hindi language Indian soap opera that aired on Sahara One channel worldwide.	Doli Saja Ke	Sahara One
original network	What It's Like Being Alone is a Canadian television program which aired on CBC Television in 2006.	What It's Like Being Alone	CBC Television
original network	Tamanna House is a thriller television series that aired on Zee TV channel, every Sunday to Wednesday at 10pm IST.	Tamanna House	Zee TV
original network	Sushi Pack is a Canadian-American animated television series produced by DIC Entertainment and American Greetings, that aired on the KEWLopolis block on CBS November 3, 2007 - September 12, 2009.	Sushi Pack	CBS
original network	Tales of the 77th Bengal Lancers is a television series broadcast in the United States by NBC during its 1956-57 season.	Tales of the 77th Bengal Lancers	NBC
original network	Wiadomości (News) is the main news program on TVP1.	Wiadomości	TVP1
original network	Los Desayunos de TVE (English: TVE's Breakfasts) is a Spanish breakfast television news program, broadcast on weekdays in La 1 of Televisión Española since January 8, 1994.	Los Desayunos de TVE	La 1
original network	Victoria and Shane Grow Their Own is an Irish reality television special which originally aired on RTÉ One on Tuesday 8 December 2009.	Victoria and Shane Grow Their Own	RTÉ One
original network	Yellowthread Street is a 1990 ITV police drama about detectives of the Royal Hong Kong Police based on the novels by William Leonard Marshall.	Yellowthread Street	ITV
original network	Włatcy móch (Polish pronunciation: (ˈvwat.t͡sɨ ˈmux)) is a Polish adult animated comedy series, which had been on the Polish TV channel TV4 between November 2006 and December 2010.	Włatcy móch	TV4
original network	Maison Close is a French television series which premiered on Canal+ on October 4, 2010.	Maison Close	Canal+
original network	Ice Road Truckers (commercially abbreviated IRT) is a reality television series that premiered on History on June 17, 2007.	Ice Road Truckers	History
original network	Jukebox Jury was an hour-long television series hosted by disc jockey Peter Potter which aired in the 1953-1954 season on the American Broadcasting Company, and was syndicated in 1959.	Jukebox Jury	American Broadcasting Company
original network	Cold Justice is an unscripted procedural drama on TNT.	Cold Justice	TNT
original network	Welcome Freshmen is a television show that ran on Nickelodeon from 1991 to 1993 with reruns until 1996.	Welcome Freshmen	Nickelodeon
original network	Soapstar Superstar is a British reality singing competition produced by Granada Productions (later branded ITV Studios) which first aired on British television station ITV in 2006.	Soapstar Superstar	ITV
original network	The Fitzpatricks is an American drama series which ran on CBS during the 1977--78 season.	The Fitzpatricks	CBS
original network	Together We Stand, also known as Nothing Is Easy, is an American television series that aired on the CBS network from 1986 to 1987.	Together We Stand	CBS
original network	Chicago Story is an NBC drama that aired in the spring of 1982.	Chicago Story	NBC
original network	Chandan Ka Palna Resham Ki Dori is a television serial that appeared on Zee TV channel in 2001.	Chandan Ka Palna Resham Ki Dori	Zee TV
original network	Salute Your Shorts is an American comedy television series that aired on Nickelodeon from 1991 to 1992 and in reruns until early 1999.	Salute Your Shorts	Nickelodeon
original network	American Stuffers is an American reality documentary on Animal Planet.	American Stuffers	Animal Planet
original network	Caroline in the City is an American situation comedy that ran on the NBC television network.	Caroline in the City	NBC
original network	Preachers of L.A. is an American reality television series that premiered October 9, 2013, on Oxygen.	Preachers of L.A.	Oxygen
original network	After the Attack is a reality television series on Animal Planet.	After the Attack	Animal Planet
original network	Midlands Today is produced by BBC Midlands and broadcasts on BBC One seven days a week.	Midlands Today	BBC One
original network	My Juan and Only is a comedy/drama series aired on ABS-CBN.	My Juan and Only	ABS-CBN
original network	Sean's Show is a British television situation comedy, first broadcast on Channel 4 between 15 April 1992 and 29 December 1993.	Sean's Show	Channel 4
original network	The Football's On is a British television panel show broadcast on BT Sport and presented by Ian Stone with Doc Brown among others as a regular panelist.	The Football's On	BT Sport
original network	The Fantastic Journey is an American science fiction television series that was originally aired on NBC from February 3 through June 17, 1977.	The Fantastic Journey	NBC
original network	Judging Amy is an American television drama that was telecast from September 19, 1999, through May 3, 2005, on CBS-TV.	Judging Amy	CBS
original network	Poletik is a 30-minute comedy television programme in the Persian language hosted by Kambiz Hosseini in Radio Farda.	Poletik	Radio Farda
original network	KBS Nine O'Clock News (Also known as KBS News 9 (KBS 뉴스9 in Korean)) is the flagship newscast that airs on KBS1 every night at 9:00pm KST.	KBS News 9	KBS1
original network	Betty White's Off Their Rockers is an American comedy television series launched in 2012, that broadcast on NBC for its first two seasons and Lifetime beginning with the third.	Betty White's Off Their Rockers	NBC
original network	Tres destinos (Three Destinations), It is an American telenovela produced by Telemundo.	Tres destinos	Telemundo
original network	American Heiress is a telenovela which debuted on March 13, 2007 at 8 p.m. ET/7 p.m. CT on the American television network MyNetworkTV.	American Heiress	MyNetworkTV
original network	My Parents Are Aliens is a British children's television sitcom that was produced for eight series by Yorkshire Television and aired on ITV from 8 November 1999 to 18 December 2006.	My Parents Are Aliens	ITV
original network	The Lenny Breau Show was a Canadian music variety television series which aired on CBC Television in 1966.	The Lenny Breau Show	CBC Television
original network	News Patrol is the hourly news bulletin of ABS-CBN.	News Patrol	ABS-CBN
original network	The Innocence Project is a television drama series created by BBC Northern Ireland and originally broadcast on BBC One in 2006--07.	The Innocence Project	BBC
original network	The Omid Djalili Show was a British sketch comedy/stand-up comedy television show produced by Hat Trick Productions for BBC One.	The Omid Djalili Show	BBC One
original network	Rescue Dina Foxx! (orig. German title: Wer rettet Dina Foxx?), is an award winning transmedia event by the German television network Zweites Deutsches Fernsehen (ZDF).	Rescue Dina Foxx!	ZDF
original network	An Evening with Fred Astaire is a one-hour live television special starring Fred Astaire, broadcast on NBC on October 17, 1958.	An Evening with Fred Astaire	NBC
original network	Chefography is a television series biography of Food Network personalities.	Chefography	Food Network
original network	The Secret Cabaret was a magic-based television programme that ran for two series, of six episodes each, on Channel 4 in the UK during the early 1990s.	The Secret Cabaret	Channel 4
original network	The Bachelor Canada is a Canadian reality television series, based on the American television series of the same name which premiered on October 3, 2012, on the City television network.	The Bachelor Canada	City
original network	Minoriteam is an animated television series on Cartoon Network's late night programming block, Adult Swim.	Minoriteam	Adult Swim
original network	Memphis Beat is an American drama series that debuted on TNT on June 22, 2010 and ended on August 16, 2011.	Memphis Beat	TNT
original network	Chinese Dream Show (Chinese: 中国梦想秀; pinyin: Zhōngguó Mèngxiǎng Xiù) is a Chinese reality talent show that premiered on 2 April 2011 on the Zhejiang Television network.	Chinese Dream Show	Zhejiang Television
original network	Comedy Inc. was an Australian sketch comedy television series, which ran on the Nine Network from 19 February 2003 to 26 December 2007.	Comedy Inc.	Nine Network
original network	Ursäkta röran (vi bygger om) (English: Pardon the mess (we're redecorating)) was a Swedish television programme that was broadcast on TV4 in 2002.	Ursäkta röran (vi bygger om)	TV4
original network	Masked Prosecutor (Hangul: 복면검사; RR: Bogmyeongeomsa) is a 2015 South Korean television series starring Joo Sang-wook and Kim Sun-a. It aired on KBS2 from May 20 to July 9, 2015 on Wednesdays and Thursdays at 21:55 for 16 episodes.	Masked Prosecutor	KBS2
original network	Explode Coração is a Brazilian telenovela that was produced by Rede Globo and aired between November 6, 1995 and May 4, 1996, with a total of 155 chapters.	Explode Coração	Rede Globo
original network	Popworld (originally Planet Pop) was a British television programme that was broadcast on Channel 4 as part of the T4 strand, featuring pop news, trivia, gossip, interviews and music videos, as well as musical performances from contemporary artists.	Popworld	Channel 4
original network	USA Up All Night (also known as Up All Night and Up All Night with Rhonda Shear) is an American cable television series that aired weekly on Friday and Saturday nights on the USA Network.	USA Up All Night	USA Network
original network	Simon Townsend's Wonder World! was a multi-award-winning Australian children's television show that aired on Network Ten from 1979 until 1986.	Simon Townsend's Wonder World	Network Ten
original network	The character's name was changed because Fairly Secret Army was broadcast on Channel 4, and the television rights to The Fall and Rise of Reginald Perrin and its characters were held by the BBC.	Fairly Secret Army	Channel 4
original network	Leave It to Beaver, which would ultimately run for six full 39-week seasons (234 episodes), had its debut on CBS on October 4, 1957.	Leave It to Beaver	CBS
original network	On February 20, 2011, Eyal Golan introduced a new reality show on Israeli Music 24 called Eyal Golan Is Calling You (in Hebrew אייל גולן קורא לך) where he is searching for the next mizrahi music singer together with Yosi Gispan, Adi Leon and Yaron Elan.	Eyal Golan	Music 24
original network	Fight Girls is an Oxygen original reality television series that spun off from a 2006 special which documented seven female fighters' attempts at winning a championship.	Fight Girls	Oxygen
original network	Football Night in America is an American pre-game show that is broadcast on NBC, preceding its broadcasts of Sunday night and Wild Card Saturday National Football League (NFL) games.	Football Night in America	NBC
original network	Hidden Talent is a British television series broadcast on Channel 4.	Hidden Talent	Channel 4
original network	Schlag den Raab (German pronunciation: (ʃlaːk deːn ʁaːp), German for Beat (the) Raab) was a live game show airing on the German television channel ProSieben on Saturday evenings.	Schlag den Raab	ProSieben
original network	It's a Musical World is a Canadian music television series which aired on CBC Television from 1973 to 1975.	It's a Musical World	CBC Television
original network	What the Victorians Did for Us is a 2001 BBC documentary series that examines the impact of the Victorian era on modern society.	What the Victorians Did for Us	BBC
original network	U to U, sometimes labeled as U-2-U, is a weekly Nickelodeon television series that aired from 1994 to 1996.	U to U	Nickelodeon
original network	The Dotty Mack Show is an American variety show originally broadcast on the now defunct DuMont Television Network in 1953, and on ABC from 1953 to 1956.	The Dotty Mack Show	DuMont Television Network
original network	The Money Programme was a finance and business affairs television programme on BBC Two which had a long run It was first broadcast on 5 April 1966 and presented by ``commentators'' (financial journalists) William Davis, Erskine B. Childers and Joe Roeber.	The Money Programme	BBC Two
original network	The Sunday Show is a British television entertainment programme that was broadcast live on Sunday lunchtimes on BBC Two between 1995 and 1997.	The Sunday Show	BBC Two
original network	Mississippi Cold Case is a 2007 feature documentary produced by David Ridgen of the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation about the Ku Klux Klan murders of two 19-year-old young black men, Henry Hezekiah Dee and Charles Eddie Moore, in southwest Mississippi in May 1964 during the civil rights era and Freedom Summer.	Mississippi Cold Case	Canadian Broadcasting Corporation
original network	The Man and the Challenge is a 36-segment half-hour television adventure/science fiction series which ran new episodes on NBC from September 12, 1959, to June 11, 1960.	The Man and the Challenge	NBC
participant of	Thepphithak Chindavong is a Laotian swimmer who competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics.	Thepphithak Chindavong	2008 Summer Olympics
participant of	Richard Shoebridge (born 12 August 1985 in Johannesburg, South Africa) is a British short track speed skater who competed at the 2014 Winter Olympics.	Richard Shoebridge	2014 Winter Olympics
participant of	Radislav Pavičević (born October 12, 1951) is a former handball player who competed for Yugoslavia in the 1976 Summer Olympics.	Radislav Pavičević	1976 Summer Olympics
participant of	Gareth Trayner (born 7 June 1980) is a former British alpine skier who represented Great Britain at the 2002 Winter Olympics in Salt Lake City.	Gareth Trayner	2002 Winter Olympics
participant of	Stanisław Urban (13 September 1907 Warsaw; April, 1940) was a Polish rower who competed in the 1928 Summer Olympics and in the 1932 Summer Olympics.	Stanisław Urban	1928 Summer Olympics	1932 Summer Olympics
participant of	Lau Kwok Kin (Chinese: 劉國堅; Jyutping: lau4 gwok3 gin1; born 17 January 1977) is a fencer from Hong Kong, China who won a bronze medal at the 2006 Asian Games in the men's foil team competition.	Lau Kwok Kin	2006 Asian Games
participant of	Beibulat Musaev (born August 8, 1977) is a wrestler from Belarus, who competed in the 2000 Summer Olympics, where he placed 9th.	Beibulat Musaev	2000 Summer Olympics
participant of	Marija Radosavljević (Serbian: Марија Радосављевић; born July 18, 1927 in Valjevo) is a retired Serbian shot putter who represented SFR Yugoslavia at the 1948 Summer Olympics and 1952 Summer Olympics.	Marija Radosavljević	1948 Summer Olympics	1952 Summer Olympics
participant of	Edward Szostak (September 12, 1911 in Kraków -- October 10, 1990 in Kraków) was a Polish basketball player who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.	Edward Szostak	1936 Summer Olympics
participant of	Eraldo Pizzo (born April 21, 1938) is an Italian water polo player who competed in the 1960 Summer Olympics, in the 1964 Summer Olympics, in the 1968 Summer Olympics, and in the 1972 Summer Olympics.	Eraldo Pizzo	1960 Summer Olympics	1964 Summer Olympics	1968 Summer Olympics	1972 Summer Olympics
participant of	Florence Barker (born 1908, date of death unknown) was a competitive swimmer who represented Great Britain at the 1924 Summer Olympics in Paris, where she won a silver medal as a member of the second-place British women's team in the 4×100-metre freestyle relay event.	Florence Barker	1924 Summer Olympics
participant of	Oscar Gustafsson (born September 25, 1889 - died ?) was a Swedish amateur football (soccer) player who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics.	Oscar Gustafsson	1912 Summer Olympics
participant of	Walter Reisp (born 5 November 1910) was an Austrian field handball player who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.	Walter Reisp	1936 Summer Olympics
participant of	Aldona Nenėnienė-Česaitytė (née Česaitytė, (October 13, 1949 -- April 3, 1999) in Daugirdai village, Alytus district municipality) is a former Soviet/Lithuanian handball player who competed in the 1976 Summer Olympics and in the 1980 Summer Olympics.	Aldona Nenėnienė	1976 Summer Olympics	1980 Summer Olympics
participant of	Roger Hverven (born 15 March 1944) is a retired Norwegian handball ving-player who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics.	Roger Hverven	1972 Summer Olympics
participant of	Nils Axelsson (18 January 1906 -- 18 January 1989) was a Swedish football defender who played for Sweden in the 1934 FIFA World Cup.	Nils Axelsson	1934 FIFA World Cup
participant of	Willibald Stanek (December 4, 1913 - date of death unknown) was an Austrian ice hockey player who competed for the Austrian national team at the 1936 Winter Olympics in Garmisch-Partenkirchen and the 1948 Winter Olympics in Saint-Moritz.	Willibald Stanek	1936 Winter Olympics	1948 Winter Olympics
participant of	Ilija Lupulesku (born October 30, 1967 in Uzdin) is a former Serbian-Yugoslav and later American table tennis player who competed in the 1988, 1992, 1996, 2000 and in the 2004 Summer Olympics.	Ilija Lupulesku	2004 Summer Olympics
participant of	Zang Jialiang represented Team China at the 2010 Winter Olympics in Vancouver, Canada.	Zang Jialiang	2010 Winter Olympics
participant of	Greg Boester (born November 27, 1968 in Los Angeles, California) is an American former ski jumper who competed in the 1994 Winter Olympics, and is now a banker at JPMorgan Chase.	Greg Boester	1994 Winter Olympics
participant of	S. N. Hayes was a British lacrosse player who competed in the 1908 Summer Olympics.	S. N. Hayes	1908 Summer Olympics
participant of	René Huguenin (born August 9, 1944) is a retired Swiss professional ice hockey player who played for HC La Chaux-de-Fonds in the National League A. He also represented the Swiss national team at the 1972 Winter Olympics.	René Huguenin	1972 Winter Olympics
participant of	Steve Hanna (born 30 January 1958 in Nassau, Bahamas) is a Bahamian former triple jumper who competed in the 1984 Summer Olympics and in the 1988 Summer Olympics.	Steve Hanna	1984 Summer Olympics	1988 Summer Olympics
participant of	Ismael Yaya (born 1965) is a long distance athlete who competed internationally for Chad Niakaken represented Chad at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, he competed in the 10000 metres where he finished 19th in his heat and therefore did not qualify for the final.	Ismael Yaya	1988 Summer Olympics
participant of	Tania Haiböck (born March 3, 1978) is an Austrian triathlete who competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics.	Tania Haiböck	2008 Summer Olympics
participant of	Justice Dipeba (born 3 December 1973) is an Olympic athlete from Botswana who competed at the 1996 Summer Olympics.	Justice Dipeba	1996 Summer Olympics
participant of	Vesna Milošević (Cyrillic: Весна Милошевић, born August 29, 1955 in Kičevo, Republic of Macedonia) is a former Yugoslav handball player who competed in the 1980 Summer Olympics.	Vesna Milošević	1980 Summer Olympics
participant of	Albert Weinstein (Georg Albert Weinstein; October 13, 1885 -- December 7, 1969) was a German track and field athlete who competed in the 1908 Summer Olympics.	Albert Weinstein	1908 Summer Olympics
participant of	Florencia Cerutti Bogado (born September 12, 1982) is a Laser Radial sailor from Paraguay, who made an official debut for her sporting discipline at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing.	Florencia Cerutti	2008 Summer Olympics
participant of	Guy Oliver Nickalls (4 April 1899 -- 26 April 1974), also known as Gully Nickalls, was a British rower who competed in the 1920 Summer Olympics and in the 1928 Summer Olympics.	Guy Oliver Nickalls	1920 Summer Olympics	1928 Summer Olympics
participant of	Georges Beaucourt (15 April 1912 -- 1 March 2002) was a French association football player who participated at the 1934 FIFA World Cup.	Georges Beaucourt	1934 FIFA World Cup
participant of	Linda Cerup-Simonsen (born as Widwey Andersen on June 15, 1969) is a Norwegian sailor who competed in the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona, where she won gold medal in the Europe Class.	Linda Cerup-Simonsen	1992 Summer Olympics
participant of	Erik Seletto (born 21 September 1975) is an Italian former alpine skier who competed in the 1998 Winter Olympics.	Erik Seletto	1998 Winter Olympics
participant of	Srećko Štiglić (born 11 June 1943 in Zagreb) is a Croatian former hammer thrower who competed for SFR Yugoslavia in the 1972 Summer Olympics.	Srećko Štiglić	1972 Summer Olympics
participant of	Yair Nossovsky (Hebrew: יאיר נוסובסקי‎; born 29 June 1937) is an Israeli former international footballer who competed at the 1970 FIFA World Cup, having previously played for the Israeli national team during the 1966 World Cup qualifying campaign.	Yair Nossovsky	1970 FIFA World Cup
participant of	Bernd Gröne (born 19 February 1963) is a retired road racing cyclist from Germany, who won the silver medal for West Germany in the men's individual road race at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, South Korea.	Bernd Gröne	1988 Summer Olympics
participant of	Robert Charpentier (4 April 1916 -- 28 October 1966) was a French racing cyclist who won three gold medals at the 1936 Summer Olympics.	Robert Charpentier	1936 Summer Olympics
participant of	Harald de Vlaming (June 28, 1954, Baarn) is a sailor from the Netherlands, who represented his native country at the 1976 Summer Olympics in Kingston, Canada.	Harald de Vlaming	1976 Summer Olympics
participant of	Michelle Buckingham (born 1 September 1968) is a Canadian former judoka who competed in the 1992 Summer Olympics, in the 1996 Summer Olympics, and in the 2000 Summer Olympics.	Michelle Buckingham	1992 Summer Olympics	1996 Summer Olympics	2000 Summer Olympics
participant of	Marie Purvis (born 24 September 1961), now known as Marie Morgan, is a British former racing cyclist who represented Great Britain at the 1992 and 1996 Summer Olympics.	Marie Purvis	1996 Summer Olympics
participant of	Susumu Takano (born 21 May 1961) is a Japanese former sprinter who competed in the 1984 Summer Olympics, in the 1988 Summer Olympics, and in the 1992 Summer Olympics.	Susumu Takano	1984 Summer Olympics	1988 Summer Olympics	1992 Summer Olympics
participant of	David Bueso Guerrero (born 5 May 1955) is a Honduran football midfielder who was a non-playing squad member of Honduras at the 1982 FIFA World Cup.	David Bueso	1982 FIFA World Cup
participant of	Anders Dahl-Nielsen (born January 27, 1951) is a former Danish handball player who competed in the 1976 Summer Olympics, in the 1980 Summer Olympics, and in the 1984 Summer Olympics.	Anders Dahl-Nielsen	1976 Summer Olympics	1980 Summer Olympics	1984 Summer Olympics
participant of	Zdravko Miljak (born 11 September 1950) is a Croatian handball player who competed for Yugoslavia in the 1972 Summer Olympics and in the 1976 Summer Olympics.	Zdravko Miljak	1972 Summer Olympics	1976 Summer Olympics
participant of	Iqbal Muhammad is a boxer from Pakistan who won the gold medal in the light heavyweight category at the 1978 Asian Games in Bangkok.	Iqbal Muhammad	1978 Asian Games
participant of	Li Yuanyuan (Chinese: 李园圆, born 24 September 1976) is a Chinese former synchronized swimmer who competed in the 1996 Summer Olympics and in the 2000 Summer Olympics.	Li Yuanyuan	1996 Summer Olympics	2000 Summer Olympics
participant of	Alexis Guyodo (19 June 1922 -- 7 April 2014) was a French steeplechaser who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics.	Alexis Guyodo	1948 Summer Olympics
participant of	Kayla Clarke (born 6 August 1991) is an Australian swimmer who represented Australia at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in swimming, and has medalled at the 2010 Australian Disability Age Group Nationals, and 2010 International Paralympic Swimming World Championships, 2009 Queensland State Championships, 2009 Queensland Secondary School Titles, and 2009 Global Games.	Kayla Clarke	2012 Summer Paralympics
participant of	Mark Bulkeley (born 3 April 1979) is a British sailor who competed in the 2004 Summer Olympics.	Mark Bulkeley	2004 Summer Olympics
participant of	Anthony Zahn (born October 14, 1976) is an American cyclist who won a bronze medal at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, China.	Anthony Zahn	2008 Summer Paralympics
participant of	Lovro Radonjić (born November 26, 1925) is a Croat water polo player and butterfly swimmer who competed for Yugoslavia in the 1952, 1956, and 1960 Summer Olympics.	Lovro Radonjić	1960 Summer Olympics
participant of	Rudolf Bosshard (born 1890, date of death unknown) was a Swiss rower who competed in the 1920 Summer Olympics, in the 1924 Summer Olympics, and in the 1928 Summer Olympics.	Rudolf Bosshard	1920 Summer Olympics	1924 Summer Olympics	1928 Summer Olympics
participant of	José María Pagoaga Larrañaga (Mutriku, November 11, 1951 - Donostia, June 29, 1995 ) was a former Basque handball player who competed in the 1980 Summer Olympics for Spain.	José María Pagoaga	1980 Summer Olympics
participant of	Larbi El Hadi (born 27 May 1961) is an Algerian football goalkeeper who played for Algeria in the 1986 FIFA World Cup.	Larbi El Hadi	1986 FIFA World Cup
participant of	Jürgen Heinsch (born 4 July 1940 in Lübeck) is a German former football player who competed in the 1964 Summer Olympics.	Jürgen Heinsch	1964 Summer Olympics
participant of	Federico Neumayer is an Argentine swimmer who competed at the 1948 Summer Olympics in the 100 m backstroke.	Federico Neumayer	1948 Summer Olympics
participant of	Nedim Günar (January 2 1932, Balıkesir - September 7 2011, İstanbul) was a Turkish football defender who played for Turkey in the 1954 FIFA World Cup.	Nedim Günar	1954 FIFA World Cup
participant of	Darryn Gallagher (born 24 April 1977) is a South African field hockey player who competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics.	Darryn Gallagher	2008 Summer Olympics
participant of	Ewa Dederko (born May 19, 1974 in Blachownia) is a triathlete from Poland, who competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing.	Ewa Dederko	2008 Summer Olympics
participant of	Uffe Schultz Larsen (2 June 1921 -- 29 November 2005) was a Danish sport shooter who competed at the 1948 Summer Olympics, the 1952 Summer Olympics, the 1956 Summer Olympics and at the 1960 Summer Olympics.	Uffe Schultz Larsen	1948 Summer Olympics	1952 Summer Olympics	1956 Summer Olympics	1960 Summer Olympics
participant of	Sixto Ibáñez (born 2 April 1909) was an Argentine racewalker who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics.	Sixto Ibáñez	1948 Summer Olympics
participant of	Sherry Lawrence (born on January 17, 1984) is a Canadian alpine skier who represented Canada at the 2006 Winter Olympics in Turin, Italy.	Sherry Lawrence	2006 Winter Olympics
participant of	Jermin Anwar (Arabic: جيرمين انور‎; born September 30, 1986 in Cairo) is an Egyptian taekwondo practitioner, who competed in the women's flyweight category at the 2004 Summer Olympics.	Jermin Anwar	2004 Summer Olympics
participant of	Zhou Xiaolan (simplified Chinese: 周晓兰, born October 9, 1957) is a Chinese volleyball player who competed in the 1984 Summer Olympics.	Zhou Xiaolan	1984 Summer Olympics
participant of	Allan Leibel (born 28 February 1945) is a former Canadian sailor who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics and the 1976 Summer Olympics.	Allan Leibel	1972 Summer Olympics
participant of	Maik Eckhardt (born 4 June 1970 in Bad Berleburg) is a German sport shooter who competed in the 1996 Summer Olympics, in the 2000 Summer Olympics, in the 2004 Summer Olympics, in the 2008 Summer Olympics, and in the 2012 Summer Olympics.	Maik Eckhardt	1996 Summer Olympics	2000 Summer Olympics	2004 Summer Olympics	2008 Summer Olympics	2012 Summer Olympics
participant of	Raatbek Sanatbayev (May 7, 1969 -- January 8, 2006 in Bishkek, Kyrgyzstan) was a Kyrgyz Greco-Roman wrestler who competed in the Men's Greco-Roman 82 kg at the 1996 Summer Olympics and the Men's Greco-Roman 85 kg at the 2000 Summer Olympics.	Raatbek Sanatbayev	1996 Summer Olympics	2000 Summer Olympics
participant of	György Kutasi (September 16, 1910 in Fiume -- June 29, 1977 in Melbourne, Australia) was a Hungarian water polo player who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.	György Kutasi	1936 Summer Olympics
participant of	Zdeslav Vrdoljak (born 15 March 1971 in Split) is a water polo player from Croatia, who was a member of the national team that won the silver medal at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, Georgia.	Zdeslav Vrdoljak	1996 Summer Olympics
participant of	Carlos Roselló Betbeze (born May 2, 1922) was a Uruguayan basketball player who competed in the 1948 and the 1952 Summer Olympics.	Carlos Roselló	1952 Summer Olympics
participant of	Vesna Radović (Serbian Cyrillic: Весна Радовић, German: Vesna Radovic, born 7 September 1954 in Mostar) is a former Yugoslav/Austrian handball player who competed in the 1980 Summer Olympics and in the 1984 Summer Olympics.	Vesna Radović	1980 Summer Olympics	1984 Summer Olympics
participant of	Richard Krebs (30 July 1906 -- 29 June 1996) was a German sprinter who won a silver medal in the 4 × 400 m relay at the 1928 Summer Olympics.	Richard Krebs	1928 Summer Olympics
participant of	Bruno Nöckler (6 October 1956 in Prettau -- 17 August 1982 in Ruapehu) was an Italian alpine skier who competed in the 1980 Winter Olympics at Lake Placid, where he finished in sixth place overall in the giant slalom.	Bruno Nöckler	1980 Winter Olympics
participant of	Alberts Ozoliņš (10 May 1896 -- 28 February 1985) was a Latvian weightlifter who competed for Latvia at the 1924 Summer Olympics in Paris at age 27.	Alberts Ozoliņš	1924 Summer Olympics
participant of	Paul Elaisa (born 21 January 1994 in Suva) is a swimmer who competed for Fiji at the 2012 Summer Olympics.	Paul Elaisa	2012 Summer Olympics
participant of	Christopher Reitz (born 3 April 1973 in Frankfurt am Main, Hessen) is a German field hockey goalkeeper, who represented Germany in the 1992, 1996 and 2000 Summer Olympics.	Christopher Reitz	2000 Summer Olympics
participant of	Caren Jungjohann (born December 23, 1967 in Duisburg, Nordrhein-Westfalen) is a former field hockey player from Germany, who was a member of the Women's National Team that won the silver medal at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona, Spain.	Caren Jungjohann	1992 Summer Olympics
participant of	Jan Piecko (born February 3, 1955) is a former Polish ice hockey player who played for the Poland men's national ice hockey team at the 1984 Winter Olympics in Sarajevo.	Jan Piecko	1984 Winter Olympics
participant of	Roberto Ferraris (born 16 January 1952) is an Italian former sport shooter who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics, in the 1976 Summer Olympics and in the 1980 Summer Olympics.	Roberto Ferraris	1972 Summer Olympics	1976 Summer Olympics	1980 Summer Olympics
participant of	Hans Peter Ludvig Dam (March 24, 1884 -- March 29, 1972) was a Danish freestyle and backstroke swimmer who competed in the 1906 Summer Olympics and 1908 Summer Olympics.	Ludvig Dam	1908 Summer Olympics
participant of	Rosemary Ryan (born 8 November 1975) is a retired Irish long-distance runner who was on the Ireland 2000 Summer Olympics team.	Rosemary Ryan	2000 Summer Olympics
participant of	Juan Kahnert (born March 4, 1928) represented Argentina at the 1948 Summer Olympics in London, he was entered in the Shot put.	Juan Kahnert	1948 Summer Olympics
participant of	Ibrahim Bilali (born July 21, 1965) is a retired flyweight boxer from Kenya, who won the bronze medal in the flyweight division (-- 51 kg) at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles, California.	Ibrahim Bilali	1984 Summer Olympics
participant of	Tadeusz Trojanowski (born January 1, 1933 in Straszów -- February 10, 1997 in Warsaw) was a Polish wrestler who competed in the 1960 Summer Olympics.	Tadeusz Trojanowski	1960 Summer Olympics
participant of	Victor Fontan (born Pau, France, 18 June 1892, died Saint-Vincent 2 January 1982) was a French cyclist who led the 1929 Tour de France but dropped out after knocking at doors at night to ask for another bicycle.	Victor Fontan	Tour de France
participant of	Ferdinand Cattini (September 27, 1916 in Grono, Switzerland -- August 17, 1969 in Davos, Switzerland) was a Swiss ice hockey player who competed in the 1936 Winter Olympics and 1948 Winter Olympics.	Ferdinand Cattini	1936 Winter Olympics	1948 Winter Olympics
participant of	Torkel Persson (June 21, 1894, Undersåker, Jämtland -- August 6, 1972) was a Swedish cross country skier from Offerdal in Jämtland who competed in the 1924 Winter Olympics.	Torkel Persson	1924 Winter Olympics
participant of	Deanna Lockett (born 13 November 1995) is an Australian speed skater competing in the 2014 Winter Olympics.	Deanna Lockett	2014 Winter Olympics
participant of	Valeri Goryushev (Russian: Валерий Горюшев, 26 April 1974 -- 28 April 2014) was a Russian volleyball player who competed in the 1996 Summer Olympics and in the 2000 Summer Olympics.	Valeri Goryushev	1996 Summer Olympics	2000 Summer Olympics
participant of	Aldo Canti (born 9 March 1961) is a French and later Sammarinese former sprinter who competed in the 1984 Summer Olympics and in the 1992 Summer Olympics.	Aldo Canti	1984 Summer Olympics	1992 Summer Olympics
participant of	Alois Schnabel (born 27 February 1910 - died 20 September 1982) was an Austrian field handball player who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.	Alois Schnabel	1936 Summer Olympics
participant of	Anna Dogonadze (Georgian: ანა დოღონაძე) is a German gymnast of Georgian origin who won a gold medal in the event of trampolining at the 2004 Summer Olympics.	Anna Dogonadze	2004 Summer Olympics
participant of	Jeong Gi-dong (born 13 May 1961) is a South Korean football goalkeeper who played for South Korea in the 1984 Asian Cup and 1990 FIFA World Cup.	Jeong Gi-dong	1990 FIFA World Cup
participant of	Viktoriya Troytskaya (née Taranina, Russian: Виктория Тройцкая, née Таранина, born April 18, 1969) is a Russian short track speed skater who competed for the Unified Team in the 1992 Winter Olympics and for Russia in the 1994 Winter Olympics.	Viktoriya Troytskaya	1992 Winter Olympics	1994 Winter Olympics
participant of	Pauline Sillett (born 22 April 1949 in Bury, Greater Manchester) is a retired British freestyle swimmer who participated in the 1964 Summer Olympics.	Pauline Sillett	1964 Summer Olympics
participant of	Ichiko Sato (Japanese: 佐藤 伊知子; born March 11, 1965) is a Japanese former volleyball player who competed in the 1988 Summer Olympics and 1992 Summer Olympics.	Ichiko Sato	1988 Summer Olympics	1992 Summer Olympics
participant of	Said Ghandi (born 1947) is a Moroccan football midfielder who played for the Morocco in the 1970 FIFA World Cup.	Said Ghandi	1970 FIFA World Cup
participant of	Didier Poissant (born 30 September 1923) is a former French sailor who competed in the 1956 Summer Olympics.	Didier Poissant	1956 Summer Olympics
participant of	Serhiy Pichuhin (Ukrainian: Сергій Пічугін; Russian: Сергей Пичугин; born 13 March 1961) is a Ukrainian Olympics sailor that represented the Unified Team in the 1992 Summer Olympics and Ukraine in the 1996 and 2000 Summer Olympics.	Serhiy Pichuhin	1992 Summer Olympics
participant of	Igors Vihrovs (born 6 June 1978 in Riga) is a Latvian gymnast, who won the Gold Medal in floor exercise at the 2000 Summer Olympics, and the Bronze Medals in floor exercise in 2000 European Championships and 2001 World Championships.	Igors Vihrovs	2000 Summer Olympics
participant of	Anthony Whiteman (born 13 November 1971) is a British middle distance runner who competed in the 1996 Summer Olympics and in the 2000 Summer Olympics.	Anthony Whiteman	1996 Summer Olympics	2000 Summer Olympics
participant of	Slobodan Mišković (Serbian Cyrillic: Слободан Мишковић, born December 12, 1944) is a Yugoslav handball player who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics.	Slobodan Mišković	1972 Summer Olympics
participant of	Juan Armando Quintanilla Loredo (born April 19, 1968 in San Luis Potosí, San Luis Potosí) is a retired long-distance runner from Mexico, who won two gold medals at the 1995 Pan American Games in Mar del Plata, Argentina: in the men's 5.000 and 10.000 metres.	Armando Quintanilla	1995 Pan American Games
participant of	Harald Eriksson (or Ericsson, 22 September 1921 -- 20 May 2015) was a Swedish cross-country skier who won the silver medal in the the 50 km event at the 1948 Winter Olympics in St. Moritz.	Harald Eriksson	1948 Winter Olympics
participant of	Eduard Thelen (born on September 7, 1946) is a former field hockey player from Germany, who was a member of the West-German team that defeated Pakistan in the final of the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich.	Eduard Thelen	1972 Summer Olympics
participant of	Ilmar Kullam (15 June 1922 -- 2 November 2011) was an Estonian basketball player who competed for the Soviet Union in the 1952 Summer Olympics.	Ilmar Kullam	1952 Summer Olympics
participant of	Osvald Käpp (17 February 1905 -- 22 December 1995) was an Estonian wrestler who won a gold medal at the 1928 Summer Olympics.	Osvald Käpp	1928 Summer Olympics
participant of	Pietro Piller Cottrer (born 20 December 1974) is an Italian former cross-country skier who won gold medal in the 4 x 10 km relay at the 2006 Winter Olympics in Turin.	Pietro Piller Cottrer	2006 Winter Olympics
participant of	Christopher Kyle Carr (born September 15, 1986) is an American short track speed skater who has qualified for the 2014 Winter Olympics.	Kyle Carr	2014 Winter Olympics
participant of	Yoshio Sakai (Japanese: 酒井義雄) (born May 2, 1910, date of death unknown) was a Japanese field hockey player who competed in the 1932 Summer Olympics and in the 1936 Summer Olympics.	Yoshio Sakai	1932 Summer Olympics	1936 Summer Olympics
participant of	William Beattie Ramsay (December 12, 1895 -- September 30, 1952) was a Canadian ice hockey player who won an Olympic gold medal as a member of the Toronto Granites ice hockey team that represented Canada in ice hockey at the 1924 Winter Olympics.	Beattie Ramsay	1924 Winter Olympics
participant of	Taylor Takata (born April 6, 1982) is an American athlete who placed 9th at Men's Judo (66 kg Weight Category) in the 2008 Summer Olympics.	Taylor Takata	2008 Summer Olympics
participant of	Heykel Megannem (born 28 February 1977) is a Tunisian handball player who competed in the 2012 Summer Olympics tournament where Tunisia lost in the quarterfinals.	Heykel Megannem	2012 Summer Olympics
participant of	Monika Maierhofer (born 10 January 1967 in Trofaiach) is an Austrian former alpine skier who competed in the 1992 Winter Olympics and 1994 Winter Olympics.	Monika Maierhofer	1992 Winter Olympics	1994 Winter Olympics
participant of	Jairzinho scored two goals in the 1974 FIFA World Cup, which would prove to be his last World Cup for Brazil.	Jairzinho	1974 FIFA World Cup
participant of	Marshall Wayne (May 25, 1912 -- June 16, 1999) was an American diver who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.	Marshall Wayne	1936 Summer Olympics
participant of	Marco Gerini (born 5 August 1971) is an Italian water polo player who competed in the 1996 Summer Olympics and in the 2004 Summer Olympics.	Marco Gerini	1996 Summer Olympics	2004 Summer Olympics
participant of	József Ónody (September 12, 1882 -- April 17, 1957) was a Hungarian freestyle swimmer who competed in the 1906 Summer Olympics and in the 1908 Summer Olympics.	József Ónody	1908 Summer Olympics
participant of	Sandra Frei (born 6 August 1984) is a snowboarder set to represent Switzerland at the 2010 Winter Olympics in cross.	Sandra Frei	2010 Winter Olympics
participant of	Jo Galletly (born 18 July 1979) is a New Zealand field hockey player who competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics.	Jo Galletly	2008 Summer Olympics
participant of	Harcourt Ommundsen (23 November 1878 -- 19 September 1915) was a British sport shooter, who competed in the 1908 Summer Olympics and 1912 Summer Olympics.	Harcourt Ommundsen	1908 Summer Olympics	1912 Summer Olympics
participant of	Johan Museeuw started his professional career in 1988 with ADR. In 1989 he was part of the ADR team with which Greg LeMond won his second Tour de France.	Johan Museeuw	Tour de France
participant of	Ferdinand Bracke (born 25 May 1939) is a former Belgian professional road and track cyclist who is most famous for holding the World Hour Record (48.093 km) and winning the overall title at the 1971 Vuelta a España in front of Wilfried David of Belgium and Luis Ocaña of Spain.	Ferdinand Bracke	Vuelta a España
participant of	Jorge Wilson is a field hockey player, who competed for Argentina at the 1948 Summer Olympics, he played in two group games.	Jorge Wilson	1948 Summer Olympics
participant of	Albert Frits Ruimschotel (February 28, 1922 in Pangkal Pinang, Dutch East Indies -- May 28, 1987 in Utrecht) was a Dutch water polo player who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics.	Frits Ruimschotel	1948 Summer Olympics
participant of	Joan Benoit Samuelson (born May 16, 1957) is an American marathon runner who won gold at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles, the year that the women's marathon was introduced.	Joan Benoit	1984 Summer Olympics
participant of	Lesle-Ann George (born 20 October 1985) is a South African field hockey player who competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics and 2012 Summer Olympics.	Lesle-Ann George	2008 Summer Olympics	2012 Summer Olympics
participant of	Robert Lechner (born 22 January 1967 in Bruckmühl) is a retired track cyclist who competed for West Germany at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, winning a bronze medal in the 1000 metres time trial.	Robert Lechner	1988 Summer Olympics
participant of	Lucjan Kulej, nom de guerre Ostoja (November 26, 1896 -- July 13, 1971) was a Polish jurist and ice hockey player who competed in the 1928 Winter Olympics.	Lucjan Kulej	1928 Winter Olympics
participant of	Guram Kostava won a bronze in the team épée event at the 1960 Summer Olympics and another one in the individual épée event at the 1964 Summer Olympics.	Guram Kostava	1960 Summer Olympics	1964 Summer Olympics
participant of	Issa/Issah Samir (born July 26, 1989) is a Ghanaian boxer who won silver in the bantamweight division at the 2007 All-Africa Games and qualified for the 2008 Summer Olympics.	Issah Samir	2008 Summer Olympics
participant of	Jana Lahodová, married Vudmasková (4 June 1957 in Hradec Králové -- 15 October 2010) was a Czech field hockey player who competed in the 1980 Summer Olympics.	Jana Lahodová	1980 Summer Olympics
participant of	Chen Junyi (simplified Chinese: 陈俊毅; traditional Chinese: 陳俊毅; pinyin: Chén Jùnyì; Cantonese: Chan4 Jeun3 Ngai6; born 26 August 1981 in Tianjin, China) is a Chinese baseball player who was a member of Team China at the 2008 Summer Olympics.	Chen Junyi	2008 Summer Olympics
participant of	Jesse Mahieu (born August 12, 1978 in Best, North Brabant) is a field hockey defender from the Netherlands, who won the silver medal with the Dutch national team at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens.	Jesse Mahieu	2004 Summer Olympics
participant of	Witold Ziaja (born November 16, 1940 in Siemianowice Śląskie, Upper Silesia) is a former field hockey player from Poland, who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics and in the 1976 Summer Olympics.	Witold Ziaja	1972 Summer Olympics
participant of	Katarína Hasprová (born 10 September 1972 in Bratislava) is a singer from Slovakia, best-known outside her home country for singing ``Modlitba'' at the Eurovision Song Contest 1998.	Katarína Hasprová	Eurovision Song Contest 1998
participant of	Hans-Johann Färber (born April 20, 1947) is a German rower who competed for West Germany in the 1968 Summer Olympics and in the 1972 Summer Olympics.	Hans-Johann Färber	1968 Summer Olympics	1972 Summer Olympics
participant of	Sieta Posthumus (born 22 April 1936) is a retired Dutch freestyle swimmer who participated in the 1960 Summer Olympics in the 4×100 m freestyle relay.	Sieta Posthumus	1960 Summer Olympics
participant of	Andrés Gazzotti (May 5, 1896--1984) was an Argentine polo player who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.	Andrés Gazzotti	1936 Summer Olympics
participant of	Jason Rosener (born on February 12, 1975) is a retired American alpine skier who was in the 1998 Winter Olympics.	Jason Rosener	1998 Winter Olympics
participant of	Pat Leane (born 11 January 1930) is an Australian former track and field athlete who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics and in the 1956 Summer Olympics.	Pat Leane	1952 Summer Olympics	1956 Summer Olympics
participant of	Robinho was named in Brazil's squad for the 2006 FIFA World Cup in Germany.	Robinho	2006 FIFA World Cup
participant of	Cédric Paty (born 25 July 1981 in Châtillon-sur-Seine, Côte-d'Or) is a French handball player, who won a gold medal at the 2008 Summer Olympics.	Cédric Paty	2008 Summer Olympics
participant of	Sam Ingram (born 21 August 1985) is a British Paralympic Judo competitor who represented the United Kingdom at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing and at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London.	Sam Ingram	2008 Summer Paralympics	2012 Summer Paralympics
participant of	Karl-Heinz Krüger (born December 25, 1953) is a retired boxer, who represented East Germany at the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow, Soviet Union.	Karl-Heinz Krüger	1980 Summer Olympics
participant of	Hailey Duke (born September 17, 1985 in Sun Valley, Idaho) is an alpine skier who skied for United States at the 2010 Winter Olympics.	Hailey Duke	2010 Winter Olympics
participant of	Lawrie Fernandes (1929 -- January 22, 1995) was an Indian hockey player who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics.	Lawrie Fernandes	1948 Summer Olympics
participant of	Elisabetta Dessy (born 28 November 1957) is an Italian former model, actress and swimmer who competed in the 1976 Summer Olympics.	Elisabetta Dessy	1976 Summer Olympics
participant of	Ippolito Sanfratello (born 11 March 1973) is an ice speed skater from Italy, who won the gold medal in the Team Pursuit at the 2006 Winter Olympics.	Ippolito Sanfratello	2006 Winter Olympics
participant of	Adolf Metzner (25 April 1910 -- 5 March 1978) was a German athlete who competed in the 1932 Summer Olympics and in the 1936 Summer Olympics.	Adolf Metzner	1932 Summer Olympics	1936 Summer Olympics
participant of	Klemen Bergant (born 14 September 1966) is a Slovenian former alpine skier who competed for Yugoslavia in the 1988 Winter Olympics and for Slovenia in the 1992 Winter Olympics.	Klemen Bergant	1988 Winter Olympics	1992 Winter Olympics
participant of	Helene Raynsford is a British rower who competed at the 2008 Summer Paralympics.	Helene Raynsford	2008 Summer Paralympics
participant of	A three-time winner of the European Championships, four-time World Cup Champion and Olympic bronze medallist at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney and at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, Pascal Gentil is the most decorated taekwondo practitioner in French taekwondo history.	Pascal Gentil	2000 Summer Olympics	2004 Summer Olympics
participant of	Huang Shaohua (born 1984-01-31 in Nanning, Guangxi) is a Chinese swimmer, who competed for Team China at the 2008 Summer Olympics.	Huang Shaohua	2008 Summer Olympics
participant of	Yelena Shvaybovich (Belarusian: Алена Швайбовіч; born 3 February 1966 in Minsk, Belarussian SSR) is a Belarusian former basketball player who competed in the 1992 Summer Olympics.	Yelena Shvaybovich	1992 Summer Olympics
participant of	Evelyn Matz (born November 22, 1955 in Berlin) is a former East German handball player who competed in the 1976 Summer Olympics and in the 1980 Summer Olympics.	Evelyn Matz	1976 Summer Olympics	1980 Summer Olympics
participant of	Justinas Lagunavičius (September 4, 1924 -- July 15, 1997) was a Lithuanian basketball player who competed for the Soviet Union in the 1952 Summer Olympics.	Justinas Lagunavičius	1952 Summer Olympics
participant of	Stefanos Chandakas (Greek: Στέφανος Χανδακας; born 27 March 1972) is a Greek sailor, who represented his country at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta.	Stefanos Chandakas	1996 Summer Olympics
participant of	Silvia Fröhlich (born 24 February 1959) is a German rower who won a gold medal in the coxed fours at the 1980 Summer Olympics.	Silvia Fröhlich	1980 Summer Olympics
participant of	Nelson Chelle (May 18, 1931 -- December 17, 2001) was a basketball player from Uruguay, who won the bronze medal with the men's national team at the 1956 Summer Olympics in Melbourne, Australia.	Nelson Chelle	1956 Summer Olympics
participant of	J. Graham Kenion (1871--1942) was a sailor from the Great Britain, who represented his native country at the 1908 Summer Olympics in Hunters Quay, Great Britain.	J. Graham Kenion	1908 Summer Olympics
participant of	Revaz Mindorashvili (Georgian: რევაზ მინდორაშვილი, born July 1, 1976) is a Georgian wrestler, who has won a gold medal at the 2008 Summer Olympics.	Revaz Mindorashvili	2008 Summer Olympics
participant of	Rafał Grotowski (born September 18, 1973 in Poznań, Wielkopolskie) is a field hockey player from Poland, who was a member of the Men's National Team that ended up in twelfth and last place at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney.	Rafał Grotowski	2000 Summer Olympics
participant of	Karl-August Stolze (born 28 August 1920) is a German former sailor who competed in the 1960 Summer Olympics and in the 1968 Summer Olympics.	Karl-August Stolze	1968 Summer Olympics
participant of	Kazi Yunus Ahmed (Bengali: কাজী ইউনুস আহমেদ) (born 2 January 1980) is a Bangladeshi kabaddi player who was part of the team that won the bronze medal at the 2006 Asian Games.	Kazi Yunus Ahmed	2006 Asian Games
participant of	Anna-Lisa Eriksson (21 June 1928 -- 26 May 2012) was a Swedish cross country skier who won a bronze medal in the 3×5 km at the 1956 Winter Olympics in Cortina d'Ampezzo.	Anna-Lisa Eriksson	1956 Winter Olympics
participant of	Sabrina Del Mastio (born 10 March 1971) is an Italian softball player who competed in the 2004 Summer Olympics.	Sabrina Del Mastio	2004 Summer Olympics
participant of	Sophia Vossou (Greek: Σοφία Βόσσου; born 5 December 1961) is a Greek singer best known abroad for representing Greece at the Eurovision Song Contest 1991 where she was placed 13th with the song ``I Anixi''.	Sophia Vossou	Eurovision Song Contest 1991
participant of	Marija Tonković, married Pavićević, (born 23 November 1959) is a former basketball player who competed for Yugoslavia in the 1980 Summer Olympics.	Marija Tonković	1980 Summer Olympics
participant of	Shuji Tazawa (born 29 April 1968) is a Japanese sport shooter who competed in the 2004 Summer Olympics.	Shuji Tazawa	2004 Summer Olympics
participant of	Vlado Lisjak (born 29 April 1962 in Petrinja) is a former Croatian Greco-Roman wrestler who competed in the 1984 Summer Olympics for Yugoslavia.	Vlado Lisjak	1984 Summer Olympics
participant of	Lelia Kym Carter Begel (born March 12, 1964 in Inglewood, California), also known as Kym Carter, is a former heptathlete from the United States, who represented her native country at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona, Spain.	Kym Carter	1992 Summer Olympics
participant of	Michelle Brogan (born 8 February 1973 in Adelaide, South Australia) is a former basketball player from Australia, who won the bronze medal with the Australia women's national basketball team at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, Georgia.	Michelle Brogan	1996 Summer Olympics
participant of	David Dunford competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing.	David Dunford	2008 Summer Olympics
participant of	Tania Seino (born 7 March 1973) is a Cuban former basketball player who competed in the 1996 Summer Olympics and in the 2000 Summer Olympics.	Tania Seino	1996 Summer Olympics	2000 Summer Olympics
participant of	Cho Jae-hak (Hangul: 조재학; born 28 February 1949) is a South Korean former volleyball player who competed in the 1976 Summer Olympics.	Cho Jae-hak	1976 Summer Olympics
participant of	Georgy Tenadze (born May 24, 1962) is a Georgian judoka who competed for the Soviet Union in the 1988 Summer Olympics.	Georgy Tenadze	1988 Summer Olympics
participant of	Zou Shiming competed in his first amateur boxing competition at the 2004 Asian Amateur Boxing Championships and won silver, losing in the final to Noman Karim but qualifying for the 2004 Summer Olympics.	Zou Shiming	2004 Summer Olympics
participant of	Tian Jianxia (born 3 September 1986) is a Chinese men's handball player who competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics.	Tian Jianxia	2008 Summer Olympics
participant of	Knud Enemark Jensen (30 November 1936 -- 26 August 1960) was a Danish cyclist who died while participating in the 1960 Summer Olympics in Rome, Italy.	Knud Enemark Jensen	1960 Summer Olympics
participant of	Cathryn Wightman (born 8 July 1978) is an Australian synchronized swimmer who competed in the 2000 Summer Olympics.	Cathryn Wightman	2000 Summer Olympics
participant of	Anita Galić (born March 11, 1985 in Split) is a freestyle swimmer from Croatia, who made her Olympic debut for her native country at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, Greece, competing in 400 meters and 800 meters freestyle.	Anita Galić	2004 Summer Olympics
participant of	Min Byung-dae (Hangul: 민병대, Hanja: 閔丙大; 20 February 1918 -- 4 January 1983) was a South Korean football defender who played for the South Korea in the 1954 FIFA World Cup.	Min Byung-dae	1954 FIFA World Cup
participant of	4Fun represented Lithuania in the Eurovision Song Contest 2007 in Helsinki and finished 21st with 28 points, with major votes from Ireland (12 points) and Latvia (10 points).	4Fun	Eurovision Song Contest 2007
participant of	Majid Rezaei (Persian: مجید رضایی‎) is a retired Iranian goalkeeper who played for Iran national football team in 1986 Asian Games.	Majid Rezaei	1986 Asian Games
participant of	Philipp Schenk (born December 3, or December 14, 1914) was a German ice hockey player who competed for the German national team at the 1936 Winter Olympics in Garmisch-Partenkirchen.	Philipp Schenk	1936 Winter Olympics
participant of	Giuseppe Domenichelli (July 31, 1887 - March 13, 1955), was an Italian gymnast who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics and in the 1920 Summer Olympics.	Giuseppe Domenichelli	1912 Summer Olympics	1920 Summer Olympics
participant of	Baron Charles de Jaubert (19 April 1864 -- 13 June 1935) was a French sports shooter who competed in the 1900 Summer Olympics and in the 1912 Summer Olympics.	Charles de Jaubert	1900 Summer Olympics	1912 Summer Olympics
participant of	Carlos Blixen (born December 27, 1936) is a retired basketball player from Uruguay, who won the bronze medal with the men's national team at the 1956 Summer Olympics in Melbourne, Australia.	Carlos Blixen	1956 Summer Olympics
participant of	Einar Halling-Johansson (born October 14, 1893 - died ?) was a Swedish amateur football (soccer) player who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics and in the 1920 Summer Olympics (reserve player) He was a member of the Swedish Olympic squad.	Einar Halling-Johansson	1912 Summer Olympics
participant of	Marcel Matanin (born December 15, 1973 in Vranov nad Topľou) is a long-distance runner from Slovakia, who represented his native country in the men's marathon at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, Greece.	Marcel Matanin	2004 Summer Olympics
participant of	José Salomón Nazar Ordóñez (born 7 September 1953) is a retired Honduran football goalkeeper who played for Honduras in the 1982 FIFA World Cup.	Salomón Nazar	1982 FIFA World Cup
participant of	Denise Newman (later Denise St Aubyn Hubbard; 19 February 1924 -- 22 January 2016) was a British diver who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics.	Denise Newman	1948 Summer Olympics
participant of	Bernardo Ruiz Navarrete (born January 8, 1925 in Orihuela) is a Spanish former professional road bicycle racer who won the overall and climbers competition at the 1948 Vuelta a España.	Bernardo Ruiz	Vuelta a España
participant of	Cummin Clancy (9 November 1922 -- 15 February 2013) was an Irish athlete who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics in the discus event.	Cummin Clancy	1948 Summer Olympics
participant of	Jerzy Greszkiewicz (January 16, 1950 ) He is a Polish sport shooter and won a bronze medal in the 50 metre rifle prone event at the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal.	Jerzy Greszkiewicz	1976 Summer Olympics
participant of	Sophie Wells MBE (born on 5 May 1990) is a British para-equestrian who won three medals at the 2012 Summer Paralympics.	Sophie Wells	2012 Summer Paralympics
participant of	Aleksander Mitt (8 February 1903 in Tartu, Estonia -- 18 April 1942, Kirov, Russia) was an Estonian speed skater who competed at the 1928 and 1936 Winter Olympics.	Aleksander Mitt	1936 Winter Olympics
participant of	Gösta Lindh (8 February 1924 -- 4 January 1984) was a Swedish association football player won a bronze medal at the 1952 Summer Olympics.	Gösta Lindh	1952 Summer Olympics
participant of	Roia Zamani is a taekwondo practitioner from Afghanistan, who is perhaps best known for her bronze medal finish at the 2002 Asian Games held in Busan, South Korea.	Roia Zamani	2002 Asian Games
performer	``The Color of Love'' is the lead single by R&B vocal group Boyz II Men from the album Full Circle.	The Color of Love	Boyz II Men
performer	Punk Statik Paranoia is the third album by the alternative metal band Orgy.	Punk Statik Paranoia	Orgy
performer	Nobody I Know is a song written by Paul McCartney (attributed to Lennon--McCartney) which Peter and Gordon recorded in an April 1964 Abbey Road Studio session:	Nobody I Know	Peter and Gordon
performer	Impact Exciter is the eighth studio album by Japanese voice actress and pop singer Nana Mizuki.	Impact Exciter	Nana Mizuki
performer	3oclockreep is a 2008 album from Paul Westerberg.	3oclockreep	Paul Westerberg
performer	``1/2 & 1/2'' is a single by Gang Starr (feat. M.O.P.), taken from the soundtrack album Blade:	1/2 & 1/2	Gang Starr	M.O.P.
performer	``No Resolution'' is the 14th single from South African post-grunge/alternative metal band Seether, and the third from the band's fifth studio album Holding Onto Strings Better Left to Fray.	No Resolution	Seether
performer	``The Arms of the One Who Loves You'' is a 1998 Pop ballad released on Valentine's Day by American recording group Xscape.	The Arms of the One Who Loves You	Xscape
performer	``Blank Page'' is a song recorded by American singer-songwriter Christina Aguilera, taken from her seventh studio album, Lotus (2012).	Blank Page	Christina Aguilera
performer	Cinemathique is the third album by collaborative band Tuatara.	Cinemathique	Tuatara
performer	Café Passé is the second album to be released by the Austrian group Erste Allgemeine Verunsicherung (EAV).	Café Passé	Erste Allgemeine Verunsicherung
performer	What Price Paradise is the fourth studio album by English new wave group China Crisis.	What Price Paradise	China Crisis
performer	Brother's Blood is the fifth studio album by American indie rock musician Kevin Devine, his first album since 2006 and first release on the Favorite Gentlemen record label.	Brother's Blood	Kevin Devine
performer	``Hip Hop Hooray'' is a song by American hip hop group, Naughty by Nature.	Hip Hop Hooray	Naughty by Nature
performer	For All I Care is an album by The Bad Plus with Wendy Lewis on vocals.	For All I Care	The Bad Plus
performer	``Run Away (I Wanna Be with U)'' is a song by American R&B recording artist Nivea, taken from her self-titled debut album.	Run Away (I Wanna Be with U)	Nivea
performer	Panic of Girls is the ninth studio album by the American rock band Blondie.	Panic of Girls	Blondie
performer	Once Again It's Christmas is a holiday album by Kenny Rogers.	Once Again It's Christmas	Kenny Rogers
performer	Thank Me Later is the debut studio album by Canadian recording artist Drake, released on June 15, 2010, by Aspire Music Group, Young Money Entertainment, Cash Money Records, and Universal Motown Records.	Thank Me Later	Drake
performer	Does This Look Infected? is the second studio album by the rock band Sum 41.	Does This Look Infected?	Sum 41
performer	``Catch Me (I'm Falling)'' is a dance-pop song released by the American group Pretty Poison in 1987.	Catch Me (I'm Falling)	Pretty Poison
performer	The Quicksilver Meat Dream is the fourth album by the Canadian alternative rock band I Mother Earth, released by Universal on April 8, 2003.	The Quicksilver Meat Dream	I Mother Earth
performer	``More Than I Know'' is the second single released under the Leftfield name.	More Than I Know	Leftfield
performer	Flowergirls & Cowgirls is an album released by New Zealand twin musicians, Topp Twins in 2005.	Flowergirls & Cowgirls	Topp Twins
performer	``All She Wants Is'' is the eighteenth single from Duran Duran, and the second single from the Big Thing album.	All She Wants Is	Duran Duran
performer	Machineries of Joy is a studio album by British indie rock band British Sea Power.	Machineries of Joy	British Sea Power
performer	``I Have Forgiven Jesus'' is a song written by Morrissey from his 2004 album You Are the Quarry.	I Have Forgiven Jesus	Morrissey
performer	``You Should Be Mine (Don't Waste Your Time)'' is a 1997 lead single by Brian McKnight featuring Mase & Kelly Price from his third studio album Anytime.	You Should Be Mine (Don't Waste Your Time)	Brian McKnight	Mase	Kelly Price
performer	``The Rain Song'' is a song by English rock band Led Zeppelin, and the second track from their fifth album Houses of the Holy, released in 1973.	The Rain Song	Led Zeppelin
performer	At the Soundless Dawn is Red Sparowes' 2005 debut release.	At the Soundless Dawn	Red Sparowes
performer	Can't Wait Another Day is the sixth album from Brooklyn, New York indie pop band The Ladybug Transistor, and the last to feature drummer San Fadyl.	Can't Wait Another Day	The Ladybug Transistor
performer	Re-Ron is a 1984 song by Gil Scott-Heron.	Re-Ron	Gil Scott-Heron
performer	``Say Hey (I Love You)'' is a single by Michael Franti & Spearhead featuring Jamaica soulstress Cherine Anderson released in 2009 from their album All Rebel Rockers.	Say Hey (I Love You)	Michael Franti	Cherine Anderson
performer	``Warped'' is a song by the American alternative rock group Red Hot Chili Peppers, from their 1995 album, One Hot Minute.	Warped	Red Hot Chili Peppers
performer	``The Song We Made Love To'' is a song written by Kenneth Wahle and recorded by American country music artist Mickey Gilley.	The Song We Made Love To	Mickey Gilley
performer	Be What You Are is a 1973 soul album by The Staple Singers.	Be What You Are	The Staple Singers
performer	Pony Ride is the fourth and the last studio album by Finnish Britpop band The Crash, released on 27 September 2006.	Pony Ride	The Crash
performer	``Betcha Can't Do It Like Me'' is a song by Atlanta-based hip-hop group D4L from their debut album Down for Life.	Betcha Can't Do It Like Me	D4L
performer	Nothing to Gain is the third and final full-length album recorded by the San Francisco Bay Area thrash metal band Vio-lence.	Nothing to Gain	Vio-lence
performer	``Bitches Ain't Shit'' is a song by American hip hop recording artist and record producer Dr. Dre, taken from his debut studio album The Chronic (1992).	Bitches Ain't Shit	Dr. Dre
performer	TRB Two (also known as TRB2) is the second studio album by Tom Robinson Band.	TRB Two	Tom Robinson Band
performer	Tiger, My Friend is the first album by electronica band Psapp.	Tiger, My Friend	Psapp
performer	A Book of Songs for Anne Marie is the fourth studio album by American singer-songwriter Baby Dee.	A Book of Songs for Anne Marie	Baby Dee
performer	Pumphonia is the debut album by electronic musicians Benassi Bros., released in 2004.	Pumphonia	Benassi Bros.
performer	Do It for Free is the second album by Atlanta-based band The Constellations.	Do It for Free	The Constellations
performer	Made in Twenty (20) is the fifth studio album by South Korean pop singer BoA.	Made in Twenty (20)	BoA
performer	``The Heart Is Not So Smart'' was a moderate hit single recorded by DeBarge for the Gordy label.	The Heart Is Not So Smart	DeBarge
performer	Momenti is a 1982 album by Julio Iglesias recorded in Italian.	Momenti	Julio Iglesias
performer	``Paper in Fire'' is a song by American rock singer John Mellencamp, released as the first single from his ninth studio album The Lonesome Jubilee.	Paper in Fire	John Mellencamp
performer	Booker 'n' Brass is an album by American jazz saxophonist Booker Ervin featuring performances recorded in 1967 for the Pacific Jazz label.	Booker 'n' Brass	Booker Ervin
performer	``Cailin'' is a song by the San Diego-based rock band Unwritten Law from their 1998 album Unwritten Law.	Cailin	Unwritten Law
performer	Socialismo Tascabile (Prove Tecniche di Trasmissione) is the debut album by Italian indie/electronica band Offlaga Disco Pax.	Socialismo Tascabile (Prove Tecniche di Trasmissione)	Offlaga Disco Pax
performer	R.Hide in Plain Site is the fourth and final studio album by American acid house disc jockey Romanthony.	R.Hide in Plain Site	Romanthony
performer	Armageddon's Evolution is the second full-length album by the Blackened death metal band Crionics.	Armageddon's Evolution	Crionics
performer	Friar Tut is an album by Americana and Bluegrass dobro player Tut Taylor, released in 1972.	Friar Tut	Tut Taylor
performer	Dust Bowl Revival is the debut album by Canadian band Ox, released in 2003.	Dust Bowl Revival	Ox
performer	Pust budet vsjo (Russian: Пусть будет все) is the fourth album by Estonian rock band Ruja.	Pust budet vsjo	Ruja
performer	``Y'All Want a Single'' is a song written and recorded by American nu metal band Korn for their sixth studio album, Take a Look in the Mirror.	Y'All Want a Single	Korn
performer	Gate I is the fourth album released by Japanese pop rock trio Iceman.	Gate I	Iceman
performer	``It Isn't, It Wasn't, It Ain't Never Gonna Be'' is a duet recorded between Aretha Franklin and Whitney Houston, and appeared on Franklin's 1989 album Through the Storm.	It Isn't, It Wasn't, It Ain't Never Gonna Be	Aretha Franklin	Whitney Houston
performer	Hilia Hronia (Greek: Χίλια Χρόνια; English: A thousand years) is the name of the fourth studio album by Greek musical group C: Real.	Hilia Hronia	C: Real
performer	Old Ground is an album released by Seven Nations, at that time known as Clan na Gael, in 1995.	Old Ground	Seven Nations
performer	``Sha-La-La-La-Lee'' was the third song by English R&B influenced group Small Faces, released on 28 January 1966 and reaching number three in the UK Singles Chart.	Sha-La-La-La-Lee	Small Faces
performer	Nuttin' Less Nuttin' Mo' is the second and final album released by rap group, the College Boyz.	Nuttin' Less Nuttin' Mo'	College Boyz
performer	Cendre is a 2007 studio album, a collaboration between Christian Fennesz and Ryuichi Sakamoto.	Cendre	Christian Fennesz
performer	Life on the Wire is British jazz fusion duo Morrissey-- Mullen's fourth album.	Life on the Wire	Morrissey-- Mullen
performer	Tu-Plang (ตู้เพลง Thai for Jukebox) (1996) was the first album released by Regurgitator after making two EPs.	Tu-Plang	Regurgitator
performer	Mes couleurs is the second studio album by French pop-R&B singer-songwriter Leslie Bourgoin, released on May 11, 2004.	Mes couleurs	Leslie
performer	``Love Interruption'' is the first single from Jack White's debut solo album, Blunderbuss.	Love Interruption	Jack White
performer	Reencuentros is a collection of hits by Mexican pop singer Yuri.	Reencuentros	Yuri
performer	``Hey Now (Mean Muggin)'' is the first single from rapper Xzibit's album, Weapons of Mass Destruction.	Hey Now (Mean Muggin)	Xzibit
performer	Falso Brilhante (English: Fake diamond) is a 1976 studio album released by the critically acclaimed Brazilian MPB singer Elis Regina.	Falso Brilhante	Elis Regina
performer	``Tell Laura I Love Her'', a teenage tragedy song written by Jeff Barry and Ben Raleigh, was an American Top Ten popular music hit for singer Ray Peterson in 1960 on RCA Victor Records, reaching #7 on the U.S. Billboard Hot 100 chart.	Tell Laura I Love Her	Ray Peterson
performer	The Lower East Side of Life is the second studio album to be released by American country music artist Eric Heatherly.	The Lower East Side of Life	Eric Heatherly
performer	Mmhmm is the fourth full-length album by pop punk band Relient K, released in November 2004.	Mmhmm	Relient K
performer	Abbey Is Blue is the fourth album by American jazz vocalist Abbey Lincoln featuring tracks recorded in 1959 for the Riverside label.	Abbey Is Blue	Abbey Lincoln
performer	Everybody Else Is Doing It, So Why Can't We? is the debut album by Irish rock band The Cranberries.	Everybody Else Is Doing It, So Why Can't We?	The Cranberries
performer	Bi-Coastal is an album released in 1980 by Australian singer and songwriter Peter Allen.	Bi-Coastal	Peter Allen
performer	Cowboy's Sweetheart is the name of a studio album, released by country singer Lynn Anderson in 1992.	Cowboy's Sweetheart	Lynn Anderson
performer	Mixed-Up Confusion is a song written and recorded by Bob Dylan, and released as his first single.	Mixed-Up Confusion	Bob Dylan
performer	``Needing/Getting'' is a song by American alternative rock band OK Go, from their 2010 album Of the Blue Colour of the Sky.	Needing/Getting	OK Go
performer	Alemony Eneeki (Arabic: علموني عنيكي‎) is a 1977 studio album by Mohamed Mounir.	Alemony Eneeki	Mohamed Mounir
performer	Wave of Sorrow is an album by Moldovan pianist Mikhail Alperin and Russian French horn player Arkady Shilkloper recorded in 1989 and released on the ECM label.	Wave of Sorrow	Mikhail Alperin
performer	Girls' Generation II ~Girls & Peace~ is the second Japanese album (fifth overall) by South Korean girl group Girls' Generation.	Girls & Peace	Girls' Generation
performer	``Tart Tart'' is a 1987 single by the Madchester band Happy Mondays.	Tart Tart	Happy Mondays
performer	Love Drunk is the second studio album recorded by rock/pop band Boys Like Girls.	Love Drunk	Boys Like Girls
performer	Gilbert Hotel is a 2003 solo album by Paul Gilbert formerly of the heavy metal band Racer X and the hard rock band Mr. Big.	Gilbert Hotel	Paul Gilbert
performer	``Free Fallin''' is the opening track from Tom Petty's 1989 solo debut album, Full Moon Fever.	Free Fallin'	Tom Petty
performer	30 unohtumatonta laulua is a second compilation album by a Finnish singer-songwriter Aki Sirkesalo.	30 unohtumatonta laulua	Aki Sirkesalo
performer	U mojoj sobi (Serbian: In My Room) is a second studio album by Serbian pop singer Aleksandra Kovač.	U mojoj sobi	Aleksandra Kovač
performer	Curves Ahead is the fifth album by the American Jazz group The Rippingtons, released in 1991 for the GRP label.	Curves Ahead	The Rippingtons
performer	Raw Blues Power is a collaborative Blues rock album by guitarist Paul Gilbert and his uncle Jimi Kidd.	Raw Blues Power	Paul Gilbert
performer	A Donde Vas (Eng.: ``Where are you Going'') is the ninth studio album released by Los Bukis in 1985.	A Donde Vas	Los Bukis
performer	``When It's Time'' is a song by the American rock band Green Day from American Idiot:	When It's Time	Green Day
performer	``Everything (It's You)'' is the thirteenth single released by Japanese rock band Mr. Children on February 5, 1997.	Everything (It's You)	Mr. Children
performer	``Red Sector A'' is a song by Rush that provides a first-person account of a nameless protagonist living in an unspecified prison camp setting.	Red Sector A	Rush
performer	``Megatron Man'' is a 1981 dance single by producer Patrick Cowley.	Megatron Man	Patrick Cowley
performer	Sweet Soulful Music, released in August 2006, was Andy Fairweather Low's first solo album in twenty six years.	Sweet Soulful Music	Andy Fairweather Low
performer	Mesmerized by the Sirens is the second studio album by the Darkwave band Black Tape for a Blue Girl.	Mesmerized by the Sirens	Black Tape for a Blue Girl
performer	Nueva Generación is the third studio album released by Puerto Rican Reggaeton artist Speedy.	Nueva Generación	Speedy
performer	In Our Heads is the fifth studio album by English electronic music band Hot Chip, released on 6 June 2012.	In Our Heads	Hot Chip
performer	Odyssey Number Five is the fourth studio album by the Australian rock band Powderfinger, produced by Nick DiDia and released on 4 September 2000.	Odyssey Number Five	Powderfinger
performer	Remnants of War is the second album by Helstar released by Combat in 1986.	Remnants of War	Helstar
performer	La chica del trébol is an album by Spanish singer and actress singer Rocío Dúrcal, released in 1963.	La chica del trébol	Rocío Dúrcal
performer	Diary of a Sadist is the second album from British metal band Zero Cipher.	Diary of a Sadist	Zero Cipher
performer	Love, Gloom, Cash, Love is the final album by American jazz pianist Herbie Nichols, featuring performances recorded and released on the Bethlehem label in 1957.	Love, Gloom, Cash, Love	Herbie Nichols
performer	Sweet Trials is the follow-up release to the self titled debut album of New Zealand-born singer Mark Williams.	Sweet Trials	Mark Williams
performer	``Baila Mi Rumba'' (``Dance My Rumba'') is a dance song written by Isidore York, Rudy Pérez and V. M. Hernández, produced by Perez and Emilio Estefan, Jr., and performed by Venezuelan singer José Luis Rodríguez ``El Puma''.	Baila Mi Rumba	José Luis Rodríguez
performer	``I (Who Have Nothing)'' (sometimes billed as ``I Who Have Nothing'') is a song originally released in English by Ben E. King in 1963.	I (Who Have Nothing)	Ben E. King
performer	``The Light in Your Eyes'' is a song written by Dan Tyler, and recorded by American country music artist LeAnn Rimes.	The Light in Your Eyes	LeAnn Rimes
performer	``I Wanna Live'' is a song written by John D. Loudermilk and recorded by American country music singer Glen Campbell.	I Wanna Live	Glen Campbell
performer	Goodbye, You Suck is the second single by Canadian pop/rock singer Shiloh.	Goodbye, You Suck	Shiloh
performer	Los Diablos is a 33-RPM LP album by Venezuelan composer/arranger/conductor Aldemaro Romero, released in 1962, (see 1962 in music) with the record label Cymbal.	Los Diablos	Aldemaro Romero
performer	Man from Wareika was the first album recording for Rico Rodriguez led by his own artistic imagination, and his first recording created for album release.	Man from Wareika	Rico Rodriguez
performer	Mother of Disease is a full-length album created by the neoclassical Swedish band Puissance in 1998.	Mother of Disease	Puissance
performer	Vodka & Ayahuasca is the second full-length studio album by the California-based hip hop duo Gangrene.	Vodka & Ayahuasca	Gangrene
performer	My Story, Your Song 經典全紀錄 is a compilation album for the Singaporean singer Stefanie Sun (孫燕姿), and the last work of hers released under Warner label.	My Story, Your Song	Stefanie Sun
performer	Welcome to My Party is Rusted Root's fifth studio album.	Welcome to My Party	Rusted Root
performer	Some Lessons Learned is the fourth album by singer and actress Kristin Chenoweth.	Some Lessons Learned	Kristin Chenoweth
performer	``Someone You Used to Know'' is a song written by Julian A. Williams, and Rory Lee Feek and recorded by American country music singer Collin Raye.	Someone You Used to Know	Collin Raye
performer	``At the Beginning'' is a song by Donna Lewis and Richard Marx, released as the first single from the Anastasia soundtrack.	At the Beginning	Donna Lewis	Richard Marx
performer	Little Magnets Versus the Bubble of Babble was the third album by UK pop rock band Transvision Vamp.	Little Magnets Versus the Bubble of Babble	Transvision Vamp
performer	``Lose My Mind'' is the first single released from Young Jeezy's album, Thug Motivation 103:	Lose My Mind	Young Jeezy
performer	``Badd'' is the second single from the Ying Yang Twins' album U.S.A. (United State of Atlanta).	Badd	Ying Yang Twins
performer	``Rebel Love Song'' is the fifth single by American rock band, Black Veil Brides, and the third single from their second album Set the World on Fire.	Rebel Love Song	Black Veil Brides
performer	``Wax Simulacra'' is a single from the album The Bedlam in Goliath by The Mars Volta.	Wax Simulacra	The Mars Volta
performer	For You, Nostalgia is an album by Steve Millar, released in July 2008.	For You, Nostalgia	Steve Millar
performer	Spiderland is the second and final studio album by the American rock band Slint.	Spiderland	Slint
performer	Bratříčku, zavírej vrátka (English: Close the Gate, Little Brother) is the debut album by Karel Kryl, issued in Czechoslovakia by the record company Panton in 1969.	Bratříčku, zavírej vrátka	Karel Kryl
performer	``Me Plus One'' is a song by English rock band Kasabian and is the fourth track on their second album, Empire.	Me Plus One	Kasabian
performer	Za7ie is a multi-release musical project, by French singer-songwriter Zazie.	Za7ie	Zazie
performer	Den Fagraste Rosa / Loveliest Rose (released 2001 / 2002 on the Heilo catalog at the Grappa label - HCD 7168) is the first Christmas album from Norwegian folk band Bukkene Bruse.	Den Fagraste Rosa	Bukkene Bruse
performer	Under the Influences, the second (and most recent) solo album from Social Distortion's Mike Ness, is a compilation of country, rock, and bluegrass covers released just six months after his first solo effort, Cheating at Solitaire.	Under the Influences	Mike Ness
performer	``3 O'Clock Blues'' or ``Three O'Clock Blues'' is a slow twelve-bar blues recorded by Lowell Fulson in 1946.	3 O'Clock Blues	Lowell Fulson
performer	``Arms Around Your Love'' is the third single from Chris Cornell's second solo album, Carry On.	Arms Around Your Love	Chris Cornell
performer	The Whole World's Rotten is the third and final studio album by rap group, DFC.	The Whole World's Rotten	DFC
performer	Sleep, or Forever Hold Your Piece was the fifth full-length LP by Sleep Chamber.	Sleep, or Forever Hold Your Piece	Sleep Chamber
performer	``Vois comme c'est beau'' (meaning ``Look How Beautiful it Is'') is a duet between Claudette Dion and her sister, Celine Dion, released as a single from Claudette Dion's album Hymnes à l'amour: volume 2.	Vois comme c'est beau	Celine Dion
performer	``Spirits (Having Flown)'' is a song by the Bee Gees which was originally released on the 1979 album Spirits Having Flown.	Spirits (Having Flown)	Bee Gees
performer	``Si loin de vous (Hey oh... par la radio)'' is a song recorded by the French-born R&B singer Nâdiya and written by Thierry Gronfier, Nâdiya and Mehdy Boussaïd.	Si loin de vous (Hey oh... par la radio)	Nâdiya
performer	Prisoner of Conscious is the fifth solo studio album by American rapper Talib Kweli.	Prisoner of Conscious	Talib Kweli
performer	``Gold Guns Girls'' is the fourth single from Canadian rock group Metric's fourth studio album Fantasies.	Gold Guns Girls	Metric
performer	``On My Knees'' is the first single by the British R&B group The 411, released in late May 2004 and featured on their first album, Between the Sheets.	On My Knees	The 411
performer	Let's Go Bang is the second solo studio album by actress and singer Jennifer Love Hewitt.	Let's Go Bang	Jennifer Love Hewitt
performer	``Srdcia dievčat'' (English: Girlie Hearts) is a song by the female singer Marika Gombitová released on OPUS in 1982.	Srdcia dievčat	Marika Gombitová
performer	10 Years of Cheap Fame is the fifth and last album by 28 Days.	10 Years of Cheap Fame	28 Days
performer	Grooves in the Temple (released 2005) is an album by Brazilian bassist Jorge Pescara.	Grooves in the Temple	Jorge Pescara
performer	Veintisiete (Eng.: Twenty Seven) is the title of a cover album released by romantic music group Los Temerarios.	Veintisiete	Los Temerarios
performer	The K&D Sessions is the second DJ mix compilation album by the Vienna-based duo Kruder & Dorfmeister.	The K&D Sessions	Kruder & Dorfmeister
performer	``My Happy Ending'' is a song by Canadian singer-songwriter Avril Lavigne, written by herself and Butch Walker for her second studio album, Under My Skin (2004).	My Happy Ending	Avril Lavigne
performer	Serious Japanese is the second album released by Japanese hip-hop group Teriyaki Boyz.	Serious Japanese	Teriyaki Boyz
performer	``I've Got Nothing'' is a song released by the participants of the BBC Two documentary series Chartjackers and is credited as such.	I've Got Nothing	Chartjackers
performer	Live at Montreux 1996 is a live album and DVD by British hard rock band Deep Purple, recorded in 1996 and released in 2006.	Live at Montreux 1996	Deep Purple
performer	Workin' Out! is an album by American jazz pianist Bobby Timmons recorded in 1964 and released in 1965 on the Prestige label.	Workin' Out!	Bobby Timmons
performer	LAIBACHKUNSTDERFUGE (always written as a whole word but sometimes dividing it with colors as LAI-BACH-KUNST-DER-FUGE) is a concept album by NSK industrial group Laibach.	LAIBACHKUNSTDERFUGE	Laibach
performer	Dizzy in Greece is an album by trumpeter Dizzy Gillespie recorded in 1956 and 1957 and released on the Verve label.	Dizzy in Greece	Dizzy Gillespie
performer	Nomadesongar (released 2004 in Oslo, Norway by the label Tylden & Co -- GTACD 8263) is a music album with the Norwegian folk singer Lars Klevstrand.	Nomadesongar	Lars Klevstrand
performer	``Beauty of the Beast'' is a song on Finnish symphonic power metal quintet Nightwish's fourth album, Century Child.	Beauty of the Beast	Nightwish
performer	Con Mis Propias Manos (Eng.: With My Own Hands) is the title of a studio album released by Mexican-American performer Lupillo Rivera.	Con Mis Propias Manos	Lupillo Rivera
performer	Go Insane is the second solo album by American singer/songwriter and Fleetwood Mac vocalist/guitarist Lindsey Buckingham.	Go Insane	Lindsey Buckingham
performer	Full of Flowers is an album by the Brazilian composer Milton Pinto.	Full of Flowers	Milton Pinto
performer	Blu Blu Blu is an album by Muhal Richard Abrams released on the Italian Black Saint label in 1991 and features performances of eight of Abrams compositions by a big band.	Blu Blu Blu	Muhal Richard Abrams
performer	Tooth Fang & Claw is the seventh and final album by Ted Nugent and The Amboy Dukes.	Tooth Fang & Claw	Ted Nugent
performer	Let's Get Out of This Country is the third studio record by the Scottish indie pop band Camera Obscura, released by Elefant Records on 6 June 2006.	Let's Get Out of This Country	Camera Obscura
performer	'Ot 'n' Sweaty is the fourth album by the American rock band Cactus released in 1972.	'Ot 'n' Sweaty	Cactus
performer	``Sorry Go 'Round'' is a limited edition single by the Finnish rock band Poets of the Fall with a special, black lacquered cover.	Sorry Go 'Round	Poets of the Fall
performer	``Beautiful Monster'' is a song by American singer Ne-Yo from his fourth studio album, Libra Scale.	Beautiful Monster	Ne-Yo
performer	``Best Night'' is a song recorded by Australian hip hop dance and pop group Justice Crew.	Best Night	Justice Crew
performer	Our Last Album? is the 11th studio album by the punk band Toy Dolls.	Our Last Album?	Toy Dolls
performer	Paracletus is the fifth full-length studio album recorded by the French black metal band Deathspell Omega, released on 9 November 2010 through Norma Evangelium Diaboli along with Season of Mist.	Paracletus	Deathspell Omega
performer	Funky Kingston is the name of two albums by reggae singing group Toots and the Maytals.	Funky Kingston	Toots and the Maytals
performer	Bachata Rosa (English: Pink Bachata) is the fifth studio album by Dominican singer-songwriter Juan Luis Guerra and his group 4.40.	Bachata Rosa	Juan Luis Guerra
performer	A Sure Thing is an album by American trumpeter Blue Mitchell with orchestra recorded in late 1962 and released on the Riverside label.	A Sure Thing	Blue Mitchell
performer	``Flava in Ya Ear'' is a single by American rapper Craig Mack.	Flava in Ya Ear	Craig Mack
performer	Back Sides is a third studio album by American alternative rock band Lazlo Bane and their first digital only release.	Back Sides	Lazlo Bane
performer	``Du temps'' is a 2011 dance-pop song by French singer Mylène Farmer.	Du temps	Mylène Farmer
performer	Enlighten the Darkness is the 5th studio album by German heavy metal band Angel Dust, released in 2000.	Enlighten the Darkness	Angel Dust
performer	``Summer Time Gone'' is Mai Kuraki's thirty-fourth single, released on August 31, 2010.	Summer Time Gone	Mai Kuraki
performer	Victim of the System is the second EP by the American heavy metal band Impellitteri, originally released in 1993.	Victim of the System	Impellitteri
performer	Shut Up 'n Play Yer Guitar, a project consisting of Shut Up 'n Play Yer Guitar, Shut Up 'n Play Yer Guitar Some More and Return of the Son of Shut Up 'n Play Yer Guitar, is a series of albums by Frank Zappa.	Shut Up 'n Play Yer Guitar	Frank Zappa
performer	Fully Exposed was the third studio album by soul musician, songwriter, and record producer Willie Hutch.	Fully Exposed	Willie Hutch
performer	``Hot Line to Heaven'' is a song co-written and performed by English girl group Bananarama.	Hot Line to Heaven	Bananarama
performer	Kära vinter is the fourth studio album from Swedish singer and model Måns Zelmerlöw.	Kära vinter	Måns Zelmerlöw
performer	``Por un Segundo'' (English: For a Second) is Aventura's first single from their album The Last.	Por un Segundo	Aventura
performer	``Stupify'' is a song by the heavy metal band Disturbed.	Stupify	Disturbed
performer	Myself When I Am Real is the third studio album by Christian Contemporary-Folk-Pop-Rock musician Bebo Norman.	Myself When I Am Real	Bebo Norman
performer	``Juke Joint Jezebel'' is a song by industrial rock group KMFDM from their 1995 album Nihil.	Juke Joint Jezebel	KMFDM
performer	``Maybe the Last Time'' is a song written by James Brown (under the pseudonym Ted Wright) and recorded by Brown and The Famous Flames in 1964.	Maybe the Last Time	James Brown	The Famous Flames
performer	Version intégrale is the sixth studio album by Canadian singer Garou, and his seventh album overall.	Version intégrale	Garou
performer	The Lo-Fi Lodge is a subscription based album by Mike Doughty.	The Lo-Fi Lodge	Mike Doughty
performer	Lights in the Night was Flash and the Pan's 1980 album.	Lights in the Night	Flash and the Pan
performer	``I'll Be Good to You'' is a 1976 hit song by R&B duo The Brothers Johnson.	I'll Be Good to You	The Brothers Johnson
performer	Grave Desires is a 1991 album by the band Lestat.	Grave Desires	Lestat
performer	Water Sphere is the second LP from the band Pilotdrift.	Water Sphere	Pilotdrift
performer	Harmolodic Guitar with Strings is an album by American guitarist James Blood Ulmer recorded in 1993 and released on the Japanese DIW label.	Harmolodic Guitar with Strings	James Blood Ulmer
performer	``Me, Myself and Time'' is a pop song by American singer-songwriter and actress Demi Lovato, recorded for her sitcom Sonny with a Chance, is the second song from the soundtrack.	Me, Myself and Time	Demi Lovato
performer	United Flow is the twelfth studio album by Japanese singer Toshinobu Kubota, released on April 10, 2002.	United Flow	Toshinobu Kubota
performer	Sky Like a Broken Clock is an album by American blues singer and guitarist Kelly Joe Phelps, released in 2001.	Sky Like a Broken Clock	Kelly Joe Phelps
performer	Malafemmina is Gianna Nannini's eighth studio album, and tenth album overall.	Malafemmina	Gianna Nannini
performer	``Hello (Turn Your Radio On)'' is a song by the British-based pop duo Shakespears Sister, and was released the fourth single from their second album Hormonally Yours.	Hello (Turn Your Radio On)	Shakespears Sister
performer	You Better Move On is a country album by Billy ``Crash'' Craddock.	You Better Move On	Billy ``Crash'' Craddock
performer	I Killed My Best Friend is the 2005 debut album from Le Volume Courbe.	I Killed My Best Friend	Le Volume Courbe
performer	The Whore's Trophy is Symphony in Peril's second and final full-length album, and was released on February 15, 2005.	The Whore's Trophy	Symphony in Peril
performer	Sit Stand Kneel Prey is the fifth studio album from New Jersey thrash metal band, Whiplash.	Sit Stand Kneel Prey	Whiplash
performer	``I Just Want to Dance with You'' is a song written by John Prine and Roger Cook, and performed by American country music singer George Strait.	I Just Want to Dance with You	George Strait
performer	The Basement Recordings is a demo release by Canadian singer-songwriter Alexz Johnson and her brother, Brendan Johnson.	The Basement Recordings	Alexz Johnson
performer	Con Amor Se Gana is the title of the debut album by American salsa singer Frankie Negrón released on May 20, 1997.	Con Amor Se Gana	Frankie Negrón
performer	Till varje leende, en tår is an album from Swedish pop singer Cecilia Vennersten, released in 1997.	Till varje leende, en tår	Cecilia Vennersten
performer	Chasin' the Sun is the third studio album released by country music singer and songwriter Lionel Cartwright on the MCA label.	Chasin' the Sun	Lionel Cartwright
performer	Werk 80 is the fifth full-length album by German industrial gothic metal band Atrocity and was released in 1997.	Werk 80	Atrocity
performer	For Lack of a Better Name is the fourth studio album by Canadian house producer deadmau5.	For Lack of a Better Name	deadmau5
performer	Snakedressed is a 1997 album by Belgian industrial band Dive.	Snakedressed	Dive
performer	William Bloke is the seventh album by alternative folk artist Billy Bragg, released in 1996, five years after his last studio album.	William Bloke	Billy Bragg
performer	Everything Comes and Goes is an EP by Michelle Branch, released to her official website on July 16, 2010, and was released at iTunes on August 27, 2010.	Everything Comes and Goes	Michelle Branch
performer	The Strong Survive is the seventh album from the white power rock band Skrewdriver.	The Strong Survive	Skrewdriver
performer	``Tomorrow's Way'' is the second single by the Japanese artist Yui.	Tomorrow's Way	Yui
performer	``Happy New Millennium'' is a song by Ami Suzuki, released as her ninth single under Sony Music Japan.	Happy New Millennium	Ami Suzuki
performer	``Gekkouyoku'' (Moonlight Bath) is Jun Shibata's 3rd single.	Gekkouyoku	Jun Shibata
performer	Destination Set to Nowhere is a concept album by the Italian progressive power metal band Vision Divine.	Destination Set to Nowhere	Vision Divine
performer	TV Makes the Superstar is the only single from Modern Talking's twelfth album, Universe, and also the band's last single-release.	TV Makes the Superstar	Modern Talking
performer	Color in Your Life is the third and final album by American new wave band Missing Persons, released in 1986 (see 1986 in music).	Color in Your Life	Missing Persons
performer	``One Thing Leads to Another'' is a song by new wave rock band The Fixx, from their album Reach the Beach.	One Thing Leads to Another	The Fixx
performer	``My Plague'' is a song by American heavy metal band Slipknot, released as the third single from their second album Iowa on July 8, 2002.	My Plague	Slipknot
performer	Woman's Gotta Have It is the second album by Cornershop, released in 1995.	Woman's Gotta Have It	Cornershop
performer	Trouble over Bridgwater is the eighth album by UK rock band Half Man Half Biscuit, released in 2000.	Trouble over Bridgwater	Half Man Half Biscuit
performer	El Mar No Cesa (Spanish for ``The Sea Doesn't Stop'') is the first full-length album released by Rock En Español band Héroes del Silencio, released on 31 October 1988.	El Mar No Cesa	Héroes del Silencio
performer	Goin' Back to New Orleans is an album by New Orleans singer and pianist Dr. John.	Goin' Back to New Orleans	Dr. John
performer	``Roll Away Your Stone'' is the fourth single by London rock quartet, Mumford & Sons, taken from their debut album, Sigh No More.	Roll Away Your Stone	Mumford & Sons
performer	Digital Veil is the third album by American progressive metal band The Human Abstract.	Digital Veil	The Human Abstract
performer	``Night Time Is the Right Time'' or ``The Right Time'' is a rhythm and blues song recorded by Nappy Brown in 1957.	Night Time Is the Right Time	Nappy Brown
performer	From Now On New Songs + Best Selection is a studio album Malaysian singer Nicholas Teo.	From Now On New Songs + Best Selection	Nicholas Teo
performer	Wild Dreams of New Beginnings is the third album by the Belgian rock band Admiral Freebee.	Wild Dreams of New Beginnings	Admiral Freebee
performer	Dou3le is the last album of Swiss band Double.	Dou3le	Double
performer	This Is My Life (La vita) is a 1968 album by Shirley Bassey that was released in Italy on the United Artists label (UA 9035).	This Is My Life (La vita)	Shirley Bassey
performer	Merrill at Midnight is the fourth album by Helen Merrill, featuring Merrill fronting a quartet augmented by a string section arranged and conducted by Hal Mooney, recorded in 1957 and released on the EmArcy label.	Merrill at Midnight	Helen Merrill
performer	Drag 'em Out is an album by organist Shirley Scott recorded in 1963 and released on the Prestige label.	Drag 'em Out	Shirley Scott
performer	G.O.O.D. Morning, G.O.O.D. Night, is the second studio album by Chicago-based artist Malik Yusef.	G.O.O.D. Morning, G.O.O.D. Night	Malik Yusef
performer	``We Are the Champions'' is a song by the British rock band Queen, first released on their 1977 album News of the World.	We Are the Champions	Queen
performer	Notes from the Treehouse is the debut studio album by the British singer-songwriter Alessi Laurent-Marke, otherwise known as Alessi's Ark, released in 2009.	Notes from the Treehouse	Alessi's Ark
performer	Born That Way is the second studio album, and third overall album, by the American country music band Boy Howdy.	Born That Way	Boy Howdy
performer	Buy Me a Boat is the debut album of American country music singer Chris Janson.	Buy Me a Boat	Chris Janson
performer	``Tell Me a Lie'' is a song written by Mickey Buckins and Barbara Wyrick, and most notably recorded by American country music artist Janie Fricke.	Tell Me a Lie	Janie Fricke
performer	``Chapel of Love'' is a song written by Jeff Barry, Ellie Greenwich and Phil Spector, and made famous by The Dixie Cups in 1964, spending three weeks at number one on the Billboard Hot 100.	Chapel of Love	The Dixie Cups
performer	Misterija (English: Mystery) is the debut album by the Serbian pop singer Dunja Ilić.	Misterija	Dunja Ilić
performer	The Mindsweep is the fourth studio album by English rock band Enter Shikari, released on 19 January 2015.	The Mindsweep	Enter Shikari
performer	I Was Wrong, I'm Sorry & I Love You (2013) is the eighth studio album from American singer-songwriter Derek Webb, released on September 3, 2013.	I Was Wrong, I'm Sorry & I Love You	Derek Webb
performer	Risingson is a song by the British trip hop group Massive Attack, released as a single on 6 August 1997.	Risingson	Massive Attack
performer	With All My Might is the second studio album by Canadian country music artist George Fox.	With All My Might	George Fox
performer	Close-Up Vol. 4, Songs of Family is the eleventh studio album by New York-based singer/songwriter and musician Suzanne Vega .	Close-Up Vol. 4, Songs of Family	Suzanne Vega
performer	``The Morning Papers'' is a song by Prince and The New Power Generation, from the 1992 Love Symbol album.	The Morning Papers	Prince
performer	``Ed ero contentissimo'' (translated in English: ``And I was very glad'') is a pop song written by Italian pop singer Tiziano Ferro.	Ed ero contentissimo	Tiziano Ferro
performer	Es ist soweit (German for It is time) is the German Hard rock band Böhse Onkelz 7th album.	Es ist soweit	Böhse Onkelz
performer	Let's Stay Here is an album by the American vocalist, pianist and songwriter Oleta Adams and was released in 2009.	Let's Stay Here	Oleta Adams
performer	River at Dash Scalding is the third full length studio album, fourth album overall, by the black metal band Naer Mataron.	River at Dash Scalding	Naer Mataron
performer	These Are Field Recordings is an album released independently by Matthew Ryan in 2004.	These Are Field Recordings	Matthew Ryan
performer	``The International Zone Coaster'' is the third single from Leaders of the New School debut album, A Future Without a Past.	The International Zone Coaster	Leaders of the New School
performer	Regenesis Creation is the third album by the American symphonic black metal band Vesperian Sorrow.	Regenesis Creation	Vesperian Sorrow
performer	My Fair Lady Loves Jazz is an album by American jazz pianist Billy Taylor featuring performances of show tunes from the musical My Fair Lady recorded in 1957 and originally released on the ABC-Paramount label and rereleased Impulse! label in 1964 following the release of the film.	My Fair Lady Loves Jazz	Billy Taylor
performer	Set Us Free is the fifth album by American organist Reuben Wilson recorded in 1971 and released on the Blue Note label.	Set Us Free	Reuben Wilson
performer	The Fountain of Lamneth is the fifth and final track from Rush's third album, Caress of Steel.	The Fountain of Lamneth	Rush
performer	``Nice & Slow'' is a 1998 single from Usher's second album My Way.	Nice & Slow	Usher
performer	Machines Will Always Let You Down, released in 2007, is the third full-length album from the noise rock band, Replicator.	Machines Will Always Let You Down	Replicator
performer	We Are Night Sky is the second and final full-length album of Deadboy & the Elephantmen.	We Are Night Sky	Deadboy & the Elephantmen
performer	Yo Te Necesito (Eng.: ``I Need You'') is the seventh studio album released by Los Bukis in 1982.	Yo Te Necesito	Los Bukis
performer	Your Sugar Sits Untouched is a partial re-release of Emilie Autumn's 2001 poetry book, Across The Sky & Other Poems.	Your Sugar Sits Untouched	Emilie Autumn
performer	``Art Decade'' is an instrumental by David Bowie for his album Low from 1977.	Art Decade	David Bowie
performer	``King and Lionheart'' is a song recorded by Icelandic alternative folk band Of Monsters and Men, written by co-lead vocalist Nanna Bryndís Hilmarsdóttir and produced by the band with Aron Arnarsson and Jacquire King for the band's debut studio album, My Head Is an Animal.	King and Lionheart	Of Monsters and Men
performer	Longing For... (Chinese: 仰望; pinyin: Yang Wang) is the sixth Mandarin studio album of Taiwanese Mandopop artist Rainie Yang (Chinese: 楊丞琳).	Longing For	Rainie Yang
performer	Songs and Views of the Magnetic Garden (1975/Catalyst 09026-61823-2 1993) is an album ``performed, synthesized, recorded, and mixed by Alvin Curran.''	Songs and Views of the Magnetic Garden	Alvin Curran
performer	Paullelujah! is the first studio album by American hip hop musician MC Paul Barman.	Paullelujah!	MC Paul Barman
performer	The Morning Glory Ramblers is an album by Americana and folk musicians Norman Blake and Nancy Blake, released in 2004.	The Morning Glory Ramblers	Norman Blake
performer	Odin Owns Ye All is the second full-length album by the Norwegian Viking metal band Einherjer.	Odin Owns Ye All	Einherjer
performer	``Old Toy Trains'' (sometimes titled ``Little Toy Trains'') is a Christmas song written and originally recorded by Roger Miller.	Old Toy Trains	Roger Miller
performer	Lentera Timur is the thirteenth studio album by Malaysian pop singer-songwriter Dato' Siti Nurhaliza which is released on 26 December 2008, just four years after 2004 Asian Tsunami.	Lentera Timur	Siti Nurhaliza
performer	Reaching the Cold 100 is an album recorded by the British blues band the Peter Green Splinter Group, led by Peter Green.	Reaching the Cold 100	Peter Green Splinter Group
performer	``Crazy Man, Crazy'' was the title of an early rock and roll song written by, and first recorded by Bill Haley & His Comets in April 1953.	Crazy Man, Crazy	Bill Haley & His Comets
performer	Hillbilly Joker is the sixth solo album by country singer Hank Williams III, it was released on May 17, 2011.	Hillbilly Joker	Hank Williams III
performer	``Wait a Minute (Just a Touch)'' is the lead single from British singer/rapper Estelle's second album Shine.	Wait a Minute (Just a Touch)	Estelle
performer	``Sunday (The Day Before My Birthday)'' is a song by American electronica musician Moby, released as the fifth single from his 2002 studio album 18.	Sunday (The Day Before My Birthday)	Moby
performer	Sonic Death is a live album by American alternative rock band Sonic Youth.	Sonic Death	Sonic Youth
performer	Keep It Going is the fifth full-length studio album by California ska punk band Mad Caddies, released on May 1, 2007.	Keep It Going	Mad Caddies
performer	The Boxed Life is a double spoken word release by former Black Flag singer Henry Rollins also featuring Canadian journalist and radio show host Ian Bussières, also known as ``The Oddball''.	The Boxed Life	Henry Rollins
performer	Fate of Nations is Led Zeppelin singer Robert Plant's sixth solo album.	Fate of Nations	Robert Plant
performer	``Joue pas'' is a 1989 song recorded by French artist François Feldman, in duet with the American singer Joniece Jamison.	Joue pas	François Feldman	Joniece Jamison
performer	One Kill Wonder, released in 2003, is the third studio album by death/thrash metal band The Haunted.	One Kill Wonder	The Haunted
performer	Skip School, Start Fights is the second full-length studio album from the American pop punk band Hit the Lights, released on July 8, 2008.	Skip School, Start Fights	Hit the Lights
performer	The Umbersun is the fourth album by neoclassical band Elend.	The Umbersun	Elend
performer	``Is That So Wrong'' is a song co-written and recorded by American country artist Julianne Hough.	Is That So Wrong	Julianne Hough
performer	Gil Luminoso is a 2006 album by Brazilian musician Gilberto Gil, performed using only voice and acoustic guitar.	Gil Luminoso	Gilberto Gil
performer	Symphonicities is the tenth studio album by English musician Sting.	Symphonicities	Sting
performer	``I Don't Want to Live Without You'' is a song from the rock-pop band Foreigner.	I Don't Want to Live Without You	Foreigner
performer	Fifty Flavours of Glue is an album by New Zealand band Tall Dwarfs, released in 1998.	Fifty Flavours of Glue	Tall Dwarfs
performer	Best of Gloucester County is the eighth full-length album by New Jersey indie rock band Danielson.	Best of Gloucester County	Danielson
performer	A Propósito is the tenth studio album by Argentine rock band Babasónicos, released on May 2011.	A Propósito	Babasónicos
performer	Alumbramento is the third album by Brazilian singer and composer Djavan.	Alumbramento	Djavan
performer	``A Thousand Shadows'' (sometimes written ``1000 Shadows'') is a song by American rock group The Seeds, written by vocalist Sky Saxon, keyboardist Daryl Hooper, and guitarist Jan Savage.	A Thousand Shadows	The Seeds
performer	This Was is the debut album by the progressive rock band Jethro Tull, released in 1968.	This Was	Jethro Tull
performer	``The Last Farewell'' is a song from 1971 by the British-Kenyan folk singer Roger Whittaker.	The Last Farewell	Roger Whittaker
performer	Build a Nation is the eighth full-length studio album by hardcore punk pioneers Bad Brains.	Build a Nation	Bad Brains
performer	Home Is a Strange Place is a mini album by the American grunge band Paw.	Home Is a Strange Place	Paw
performer	Angels Come on Time is a self-produced album by Boston trio The Slip.	Angels Come on Time	The Slip
performer	My Italian Greyhound is the fifth studio album by Norwegian singer-songwriter Bertine Zetlitz and was released on September 18, 2006.	My Italian Greyhound	Bertine Zetlitz
performer	``Weak Heart'' is a song by Swedish singer Zara Larsson from her debut album 1.	Weak Heart	Zara Larsson
performer	A Boy Named Goo is the fifth studio album by American rock band Goo Goo Dolls, released in 1995 on Warner Bros. As a commercial success, it has been RIAA-certified as double-platinum.	A Boy Named Goo	Goo Goo Dolls
performer	``Steppin' in a Slide Zone'' is a 1978 single by the English progressive rock band The Moody Blues.	Steppin' in a Slide Zone	The Moody Blues
performer	``My Mummy's Dead'' is the closing song on the album John Lennon/Plastic Ono Band by John Lennon.	My Mummy's Dead	John Lennon
performer	``Can't Stop Fallin' into Love'' is a song recorded by American rock band Cheap Trick which appeared as the lead single on the album Busted.	Can't Stop Fallin' into Love	Cheap Trick
performer	Fun? is the second album from the British rock band The Candyskins.	Fun?	The Candyskins
performer	Cinematique 2 is the second in a series of three albums by Paul Haig, subtitled ``Themes to Unknown Films''.	Cinematique 2	Paul Haig
performer	``The Piano Has Been Drinking (Not Me) (An Evening with Pete King)'', often referred to as ``The Piano Has Been Drinking'', is a song written and performed by Tom Waits.	The Piano Has Been Drinking (Not Me) (An Evening with Pete King)	Tom Waits
performer	Baby Darling Doll Face Honey is the debut album by English rock band Band of Skulls.	Baby Darling Doll Face Honey	Band of Skulls
performer	``Mystiko'' (Greek: Μυστικό; ``Secret'') is a single by the Greek singer Peggy Zina.	Mystiko	Peggy Zina
performer	Rock & Roll Submarine is the sixth album by alternative rock band Urge Overkill.	Rock & Roll Submarine	Urge Overkill
performer	New and Old Gospel is an album by American saxophonist Jackie McLean recorded in 1967 and released on the Blue Note label.	New and Old Gospel	Jackie McLean
performer	The Green Sparrow is the second solo album from Phish bassist Mike Gordon, released August 5, 2008.	The Green Sparrow	Mike Gordon
performer	Brand New History is the third full-length album by the industrial alternative rock band Econoline Crush.	Brand New History	Econoline Crush
performer	It's Heavy in Here is the debut solo studio album by American singer-songwriter Eric Matthews.	It's Heavy in Here	Eric Matthews
performer	``Don't Wait Too Long'' is the only original track from Madeleine Peyroux's second solo album Careless Love and it was written by Peyroux herself, Jesse Harris and Larry Klein.	Don't Wait Too Long	Madeleine Peyroux
performer	Set Yourself on Fire is the third album by Canadian indie rock band Stars.	Set Yourself on Fire	Stars
performer	Bendito Entre Las Mujeres (English: Blessed Among Women) is the first solo album by lead guitarist of Latin rock band Maná, Sergio Vallín.	Bendito Entre Las Mujeres	Sergio Vallín
performer	Capture & Release was the third album by the drone metal band Khanate.	Capture & Release	Khanate
performer	``Sick of Life'' is a song by the alternative metal band Godsmack.	Sick of Life	Godsmack
performer	Cammell Laird Social Club is the ninth album released by UK rock band Half Man Half Biscuit, in 2002.	Cammell Laird Social Club	Half Man Half Biscuit
performer	``Virtual Insanity'' is the second single from British funk/acid jazz band Jamiroquai's third studio album, Travelling Without Moving.	Virtual Insanity	Jamiroquai
performer	Big Chief! is an album by jazz pianist Junior Mance which was recorded in 1961 and released on the Jazzland label.	Big Chief!	Junior Mance
performer	``Shallow Be Thy Game'' is a song by Red Hot Chili Peppers and was the fourth single from their 1995 album, One Hot Minute.	Shallow Be Thy Game	Red Hot Chili Peppers
performer	Herbal Turkey Breast is an album by saxophonist Karl Denson released in 1996.	Herbal Turkey Breast	Karl Denson
performer	``Car Thief'' is the 11th track on the album Paul's Boutique by American hip hop group the Beastie Boys, released on July 25, 1989.	Car Thief	Beastie Boys
performer	``Party Doll'' is a 1957 rock 'n' roll song written by Buddy Knox and Jimmy Bowen.	Party Doll	Buddy Knox
performer	``'Days of Light''' is a song by Roger Daltrey from his eighth and final solo album Rocks in the Head The song was written by Daltrey and Gerard McMahon, and features lyrics about looking forward to the week-end.	Days of Light	Roger Daltrey
performer	Travellers in Space and Time is a 2010 album by The Apples in Stereo and their seventh studio release.	Travellers in Space and Time	The Apples in Stereo
performer	Hate Made Me is the first album by New Zealand metal band 8 Foot Sativa.	Hate Made Me	8 Foot Sativa
performer	``Watch That Man'' is a song written by David Bowie, the opening track on the album Aladdin Sane from 1973.	Watch That Man	David Bowie
performer	Biblical Graffiti is the fifth album by Christian parody band ApologetiX.	Biblical Graffiti	ApologetiX
performer	Karmacode is the fourth studio album by Italian gothic metal band Lacuna Coil, released on 31 March 2006 in several countries in Europe, 3 April in the UK and other European countries, April 4 in North America, and 5 April in several other European countries.	Karmacode	Lacuna Coil
performer	Any Minute Now is an electronic rock album by Soulwax.	Any Minute Now	Soulwax
performer	Lazy Highways is the fourth studio album by Mornington Peninsula, Melbourne indie band The Fauves.	Lazy Highways	The Fauves
performer	Now What?! is the 19th studio album by English rock band Deep Purple.	Now What?!	Deep Purple
performer	The Colour of My Love is the third English-language studio album by Canadian recording artist Celine Dion.	The Colour of My Love	Celine Dion
performer	Man Alive! is a Stephen Stills solo album released in 2005.	Man Alive!	Stephen Stills
performer	Very Fast Very Dangerous is the second album by British rock band Reuben, released little over a year after their debut.	Very Fast Very Dangerous	Reuben
performer	Uhuru Afrika (subtitled/translated as Freedom Africa) is an album by American jazz pianist Randy Weston recorded in 1960 and originally released on the Roulette label.	Uhuru Afrika	Randy Weston
performer	Arches and Aisles is an album by The Spinanes, released on September 23, 1998.	Arches and Aisles	The Spinanes
performer	Until Fear No Longer Defines Us is the third studio album of the Finnish doom metal band Ghost Brigade.	Until Fear No Longer Defines Us	Ghost Brigade
performer	No One Gets Out is a 1991 studio album by Detroit metal band Halloween, recorded at R.T. Audio in Novi, Michigan with studio owner/engineer Rob Tylak.	No One Gets Out	Halloween
performer	Into the Land of Phantoms is the third studio album by American Neo-Cabaret artist Jill Tracy and the Malcontent Orchestra, released in 2002.	Into the Land of Phantoms	Jill Tracy
performer	``Faithless Heart'' is a 1988 single by Christian music singer Amy Grant.	Faithless Heart	Amy Grant
performer	World of Music is the sixth studio album released by Japanese hip hop artist Zeebra.	World of Music	Zeebra
performer	``Everybody's Somebody's Fool'' is a song written by Jack Keller (music) and Howard Greenfield (lyrics) that was a #1 hit for Connie Francis in mid-1960.	Everybody's Somebody's Fool	Connie Francis
performer	In the Absence of Light is the second album by black metal band Abigail Williams.	In the Absence of Light	Abigail Williams
performer	In This Defiance is the second full length album release by Californian hardcore band Strife.	In This Defiance	Strife
performer	Dropped Pianos is an EP by Tim Hecker, released on October 10, 2011 by Kranky.	Dropped Pianos	Tim Hecker
performer	``Storms in Africa'' is a song by the Irish singer Enya, featured on her 1988 album Watermark.	Storms in Africa	Enya
performer	Ti Ora Tha Vgoume? (Greek: Τι ώρα θα βγούμε;; English: What time will we go out?) is the fifth Greek-language studio album and seventh studio album overall by Greek singer Elena Paparizou, released on 3 June 2013 in Greece and Cyprus by EMI Music Greece.	Ti Ora Tha Vgoume?	Elena Paparizou
performer	``Elle, tu l'aimes...'' is a 1999 song recorded by French artist Hélène Ségara, released on April 18, 2000.	Elle, tu l'aimes...	Hélène Ségara
performer	Solo Collection is a greatest hits album of Glenn Frey's solo career, released in 1995 (see 1995 in music).	Solo Collection	Glenn Frey
performer	There Is Love in You is the fifth album by Four Tet, which was released on 25 January 2010.	There Is Love in You	Four Tet
performer	Retropolis, released in 1996, is the second studio album by the Swedish progressive rock band The Flower Kings (not counting Roine Stolt's 1994 solo album).	Retropolis	The Flower Kings
performer	We Can Create is the debut album from Northampton-based band Maps, released in 2007.	We Can Create	Maps
performer	Lofcaudio is the second full-length album by the Christian rock band Mastedon.	Lofcaudio	Mastedon
performer	All They Ever Wanted is the second album released by the Swedish rock group Johnossi.	All They Ever Wanted	Johnossi
performer	Welela is a Miriam Makeba album mixed at Condulmer Recording Studios in Venice, Italy by Allan Goldberg of Phonocomp in 1989, except for ``Pata Pata'' which was mixed at Psycho Studio in Milan, February 1990.	Welela	Miriam Makeba
performer	``The Shame of Life'' is a song by American alternative rock band Butthole Surfers, from their 2001 album Weird Revolution.	The Shame of Life	Butthole Surfers
performer	When Moonshine and Dynamite Collide is the 6th studio album from Jackyl and is Jackyl's first studio album in 8 years since Relentless' from 2002.	When Moonshine and Dynamite Collide	Jackyl
performer	Five Lessons Learned is the fourth full-length album by Californian punk rock band Swingin' Utters.	Five Lessons Learned	Swingin' Utters
performer	``Marblehead Johnson'' is a song by The Bluetones, released as a standalone single in 1996.	Marblehead Johnson	The Bluetones
performer	Little by Little... is the third and final full-length album by Harvey Danger.	Little by Little...	Harvey Danger
performer	The Beatles recorded ``I'm Happy Just to Dance with You'' on a Sunday, the first time they had used Abbey Road Studios on other than a normal work day.	I'm Happy Just to Dance with You	The Beatles
performer	There Are Rules is the fifth studio album by The Get Up Kids, the band's first full-length release since 2004's Guilt Show.	There Are Rules	The Get Up Kids
performer	A Legacy of Honor is the first full-length album by SoulSpell.	A Legacy of Honor	SoulSpell
performer	Halka Nasha is a popular Hindi ghazal album of the Indian singer and Ghazal composer Hariharan.	Halka Nasha	Hariharan
performer	Celtic Celtic (That's the Team for Me) is a Celtic F.C. football song that was sung by Derek Warfield.	Celtic Celtic (That's the Team for Me)	Derek Warfield
performer	Spice Doubt is a live album by British band Ozric Tentacles.	Spice Doubt	Ozric Tentacles
performer	Potatoes and Melons Wholesale Prices Straight from the Lock Up is an album of mostly cover versions performed by English punk rock band, Snuff.	Potatoes and Melons Wholesale Prices Straight from the Lock Up	Snuff
performer	``Almost Independence Day'' is the closing song on Northern Irish singer-songwriter Van Morrison's 1972 album Saint Dominic's Preview.	Almost Independence Day	Van Morrison
performer	Skin Turns to Glass is the second full-length album by drone doom band Nadja, it was released on October 27, 2003 by NOTHingness Records which was limited to 120 copies.	Skin Turns to Glass	Nadja
performer	``Mammas Don't Let Your Babies Grow Up to Be Cowboys'' is a country music song first recorded by Ed Bruce, written by him and wife Patsy Bruce.	Mammas Don't Let Your Babies Grow Up to Be Cowboys	Ed Bruce
performer	Bursting Out is a 1978 live album by the rock band Jethro Tull.	Bursting Out	Jethro Tull
performer	``Hi Hater'' is a song by American hip hop recording artist Maino, released as his commercial debut single and the lead single from his debut album, If Tomorrow Comes... (2009).	Hi Hater	Maino
performer	Ich werde 100 Jahre alt is a studio album by the Dutch singer and actor Johannes Heesters with only one single.	Ich werde 100 Jahre alt	Johannes Heesters
performer	Set the Record Straight is the debut album by New Zealand group, Fast Crew released in 2004.	Set the Record Straight	Fast Crew
performer	``Just Got Lucky'' was the second single from the band JoBoxers.	Just Got Lucky	JoBoxers
performer	``The First Thing Ev'ry Morning (And the Last Thing Ev'ry Night)'' is a song co-written by Jimmy Dean and Ruth Roberts.	The First Thing Ev'ry Morning (And the Last Thing Ev'ry Night)	Jimmy Dean
performer	Under an Hour is the second full-length album from Portland-based experimental pop/rock group Menomena.	Under an Hour	Menomena
performer	``Love's Great Adventure'' is a single released by Ultravox on 12 October 1984.	Love's Great Adventure	Ultravox
performer	The Voice of the Cult is the fourth studio album by heavy metal band Chastain, released in 1988 through Leviathan Records.	The Voice of the Cult	Chastain
performer	Hatful of Hollow is a compilation album by the English rock band The Smiths, featuring BBC Radio 1 studio recordings and two contemporary singles with their B-sides.	Hatful of Hollow	The Smiths
performer	``Stay Wild'' is the fourth single taken from Australian band Little Birdy's third studio album Confetti.	Stay Wild	Little Birdy
performer	Due anni dopo is the second album by Italian singer-songwriter Francesco Guccini.	Due anni dopo	Francesco Guccini
performer	``Through the Iris'' is a single released by alternative rock/metal band 10 Years in 2006.	Through the Iris	10 Years
performer	Remix Hits is the first remix album by Brazilian pop singer Kelly Key, released on April 2, 2002, by Warner Music.	Remix Hits	Kelly Key
performer	``Stand by Your Side'' is a song recorded by Canadian recording artist Celine Dion, for her eight English studio album One Heart (2003).	Stand by Your Side	Celine Dion
performer	El Rojo is the second full-length studio album by The Bakerton Group, otherwise known as ``the psychedelic instrumental jazz-laden alter ego'' of Clutch.	El Rojo	The Bakerton Group
performer	Dust and Dirt is the fifth studio album by New Zealand reggae band The Black Seeds released on 8 April 2012.	Dust and Dirt	The Black Seeds
performer	05 Fuck Em is a mixtape by American rapper Lil B. It was independently released on December 24, 2013, through Lil B's own record label, BasedWorld Records.	05 Fuck Em	Lil B
performer	``She's Got You High'' is the third and final single by Mumm-Ra, released by Columbia on May 14, 2007.	She's Got You High	Mumm-Ra
performer	Mother Ship is an album by American organist Larry Young recorded in 1969 but not released on the Blue Note label until 1980.	Mother Ship	Larry Young
performer	``We Apologise for Nothing'' is the second single to be taken from the second album One Day Son, This Will All Be Yours, by Fightstar.	We Apologise for Nothing	Fightstar
performer	Steelbath Suicide is the debut full-length studio album from the melodic death metal band Soilwork.	Steelbath Suicide	Soilwork
performer	Bite & Chew is a demo by Backyard Babies, released in 1991.	Bite & Chew	Backyard Babies
performer	Fetch the Compass Kids is the fifth full length album by New Jersey indie rock band Danielson Famile.	Fetch the Compass Kids	Danielson
performer	``Jealous Mind'' is a song recorded by Alvin Stardust from 1973, written and produced by Peter Shelley.	Jealous Mind	Alvin Stardust
performer	``Forty Days and Forty Nights'' is a blues song recorded by Muddy Waters in 1956.	Forty Days and Forty Nights	Muddy Waters
performer	Before I'll Die is the second studio album by Polish band Blog 27, which was released on 18 April 2008.	Before I'll Die	Blog 27
performer	Heat Generation is the second album and first studio album from The Radiators.	Heat Generation	The Radiators
performer	Desfado is the fifth album by Portuguese fado singer Ana Moura.	Desfado	Ana Moura
performer	Guerrilla Funk is the third album of rapper Paris.	Guerrilla Funk	Paris
performer	``Are You Ready for Love'' is a song recorded by Elton John in 1977, and was first released in the UK in 1979 on the EP The Thom Bell Sessions.	Are You Ready for Love	Elton John
performer	``Hit 'Em Up'' is a diss song by rap artist Tupac Shakur (2Pac), featuring his group the Outlawz.	Hit 'Em Up	Tupac Shakur	Outlawz
performer	The Ringing Bell (2007) is the fourth solo album release from singer-songwriter Derek Webb.	The Ringing Bell	Derek Webb
performer	``See the Day'' is a song by English singer Dee C. Lee, released as a single on 21 October 1985.	See the Day	Dee C. Lee
performer	The Anomalies of Artificial Origin is the second full-length album by Russian death metal band Abominable Putridity.	The Anomalies of Artificial Origin	Abominable Putridity
performer	``Molly's Chambers'' is the second single taken from the Youth and Young Manhood album by the American rock band Kings of Leon.	Molly's Chambers	Kings of Leon
performer	Love Metal is the fourth studio album by Finnish band, HIM, released on April 14, 2003.	Love Metal	HIM
performer	Take Care, Take Care, Take Care is the sixth studio album by American post-rock band Explosions in the Sky, which was released on April 18, 2011 in the UK, April 25, 2011 in Europe, and April 26, 2011 in the US.	Take Care, Take Care, Take Care	Explosions in the Sky
performer	Ja, Zoo is the third album by Japanese musician hide, released on November 21, 1998.	Ja, Zoo	hide
performer	``I Love to Love (But My Baby Loves to Dance)'' was a popular single by Tina Charles, from her debut album, I Love to Love; the song was composed by Jack Robinson and James Bolden.	I Love to Love (But My Baby Loves to Dance)	Tina Charles
performer	``Eu Quero Tchu, Eu Quero Tcha'' (I Want Tchu, I Want Tcha), full title ``Eu Quero Tchu Eu Quero Tcha (Tchu Tcha Tcha)'' is a single by Brazilian Sertanejo universitário duo João Lucas & Marcelo, released in 2012, and written by Shylton Fernandes.	Eu Quero Tchu, Eu Quero Tcha	João Lucas & Marcelo
performer	Live in Berkeley, CA is a live album by the band King Crimson, recorded at the Greek Theatre, Berkeley, California, United States, on August 13, 1982.	Live in Berkeley, CA	King Crimson
performer	``You're My Mate'' is a song by English pop group Right Said Fred released as the second single from their album Fredhead.	You're My Mate	Right Said Fred
performer	Burning Like the Midnight Sun is the 12th studio album by Christian alternative rock band The Choir, released on June 29, 2010.	Burning Like the Midnight Sun	The Choir
performer	Close-Up Vol. 3, States of Being is the tenth studio album released by New York-based singer/songwriter and musician Suzanne Vega.	Close-Up Vol. 3, States of Being	Suzanne Vega
performer	``Mi sei venuto a cercare tu'' is the fifth single of Alessandra Amoroso.	Mi sei venuto a cercare tu	Alessandra Amoroso
performer	The World According to Gessle is a solo album by Per Gessle, released on 2 May 1997.	The World According to Gessle	Per Gessle
performer	Kolossus is Keep of Kalessin's fourth studio album.	Kolossus	Keep of Kalessin
performer	Between the Worlds is the title of fourth album by the Christian power metal band Seventh Avenue that was released in 2003.	Between the Worlds	Seventh Avenue
performer	Done by Mirrors is the second solo album of Andi Deris, vocalist of the power metal band Helloween.	Done by Mirrors	Andi Deris
performer	Voice of the Voyager is an album by Canadian folk rock band Uisce Beatha (Ish-Ka Baha).	Voice of the Voyager	Uisce Beatha
performer	Healing Through Fire is the sixth full-length album by Orange Goblin released in 2007.	Healing Through Fire	Orange Goblin
performer	Celestial Hi-Fi is the third studio album from Canadian stoner rock band Sheavy.	Celestial Hi-Fi	Sheavy
performer	``Together in Electric Dreams'' is a song by the British singer and composer Philip Oakey and Italian composer and producer Giorgio Moroder.	Together in Electric Dreams	Philip Oakey	Giorgio Moroder
performer	Symphony of the Damned, Re-symphonised is a re-recording of the band Morgana Lefay's self released debut album.	Symphony of the Damned, Re-symphonised	Morgana Lefay
performer	At Our Worst is a b-sides/live album released by the melodic hardcore band Evergreen Terrace.	At Our Worst	Evergreen Terrace
performer	``Do That Stuff'' is a song by the funk band Parliament.	Do That Stuff	Parliament
performer	14:59 is the third studio album by American rock band Sugar Ray, released on January 12, 1999.	14:59	Sugar Ray
performer	Straight in a Gay Gay World was the third studio album released by Australian '70s rock band, Skyhooks.	Straight in a Gay Gay World	Skyhooks
performer	``Award Tour'' is a song by A Tribe Called Quest, released as the first single from their third album Midnight Marauders.	Award Tour	A Tribe Called Quest
performer	``Fără Cuvinte'' (Speechless) is the fifth and final single by B.U.G. Mafia from their ninth studio album, Înapoi În Viitor (Back To The Future).	Fără Cuvinte	B.U.G. Mafia
performer	``Shinku/Ai no Uta'' (深紅/愛の詩) is a single by Hitomi Shimatani released on the day after her 27th birthday, September 5, 2007.	Shinku/Ai no Uta	Hitomi Shimatani
performer	``F-F-F-Falling'' (sometimes shortened to ``Falling'') is a song by the Finnish rock band The Rasmus, originally released on the band's fourth album Into on October 29, 2001.	F-F-F-Falling	The Rasmus
performer	Interview with a Madman is a hip hop album by Australian criminal Mark ``Chopper'' Read, released on Rott'n Records on March 13, 2006.	Interview with a Madman	Chopper'' Read
performer	``She Has Funny Cars'' is a psychedelic rock song by the band Jefferson Airplane.	She Has Funny Cars	Jefferson Airplane
performer	Eat the Heat is the eighth studio album by German heavy metal band Accept, released in 1989.	Eat the Heat	Accept
performer	The Complete Live at the Plugged Nickel 1965 is a compact disc box set of the Miles Davis Quintet, recorded on December 22 and 23, 1965, and released on Legacy Records in July 1995, catalogue CK 66955.	The Complete Live at the Plugged Nickel 1965	Miles Davis
performer	``Better Than a Dream'' is a song performed by the Georgian-born, British singer Katie Melua, from her fifth studio album Secret Symphony.	Better Than a Dream	Katie Melua
performer	Tokyo Dome Live in Concert is a live album by American hard rock band Van Halen, released on March 31, 2015.	Tokyo Dome Live in Concert	Van Halen
performer	El Oso (Spanish for The Bear), released in 1998 (see 1998 in music), is the third and final album by the New York City band Soul Coughing.	El Oso	Soul Coughing
performer	``White Unicorn'' is a song by Australian hard rock band Wolfmother, featured on their 2005 debut studio album Wolfmother.	White Unicorn	Wolfmother
performer	My Two Brooks is an album by the American rock band The Inevitable Backlash that was released in 2009.	My Two Brooks	The Inevitable Backlash
performer	Big Calm is the second album by Morcheeba released in March 1998 and reached the top 20 of the UK album chart.	Big Calm	Morcheeba
performer	``Something More Beautiful'' is the first single from Nikki Webster's second album Bliss released in 2002.	Something More Beautiful	Nikki Webster
performer	``Stanky Legg'' is the debut single by the GS Boyz.	Stanky Legg	GS Boyz
performer	A Hard Road is the third album (and second studio album) recorded by John Mayall & the Bluesbreakers released in 1967.	A Hard Road	John Mayall & the Bluesbreakers
performer	``U.G.L.Y.'' is a song by American recording group Daphne & Celeste.	U.G.L.Y.	Daphne & Celeste
performer	A Stroll in the Pork is a 1992 EP released by Raymond Watts (as PIG) Originally released in the United States by Concrete Records and in the United Kingdom by Contempo Records.	A Stroll in the Pork	Raymond Watts
performer	``What a Difference You've Made in My Life'' is an inspirational song written by Archie Jordan and first made famous by two artists during 1977: teenaged Christian music singer Amy Grant and country music singer Ronnie Milsap.	What a Difference You've Made in My Life	Ronnie Milsap
performer	``I Can't Break Down'' is a song written by Sinéad Quinn, Pete Glenister and Deni Lew and produced by Glenister and Lew for Quinn's debut album, Ready to Run.	I Can't Break Down	Sinéad Quinn
performer	These Re-Imagined Machines is a remix album by American electronic musician BT, composed of remixed versions of songs from his album These Hopeful Machines by various artists.	These Re-Imagined Machines	BT
performer	Baby Get Higher is a song written by Scottish musician, singer and songwriter David Sneddon.	Baby Get Higher	David Sneddon
performer	Living on Another Frequency is the debut album by American experimental metal band Science Faxtion, released on November 11, 2008 in the United States and January 26, 2009 in Europe.	Living on Another Frequency	Science Faxtion
performer	Chansons ou Versions Inédites de Jeunesse (Songs, or Unreleased Early Versions) is an album of Jacques Brel rare early recordings first issued as part of the 16-CD box set Boîte à Bonbons on 23 September 2003.	Chansons ou Versions Inédites de Jeunesse	Jacques Brel
performer	Your Favorite Music is the second album by indie rock band Clem Snide.	Your Favorite Music	Clem Snide
performer	Friends Can Be Lovers is an out of print album recorded by Dionne Warwick, her tenth for the Arista label.	Friends Can Be Lovers	Dionne Warwick
performer	Trio '65 is a studio album by American jazz pianist Bill Evans and his Trio, released in 1965.	Trio '65	Bill Evans
performer	``Tender Remains'' is a song, included as the A-side of a 7`` single and the first to be released by the British band Palm Springs on their Random Acts of Vinyl label.	Tender Remains	Palm Springs
performer	``Rock Hard'' is a single by the Beastie Boys, released by Def Jam Records on 12`` in 1985.	Rock Hard	Beastie Boys
performer	Rage Khab (pronounced (ɾæɡe xɒːb)) is the second official studio album by Iranian singer-songwriter Mohsen Yeganeh.	Rage Khab	Mohsen Yeganeh
performer	Romantist Egoist is the debut album by the Japanese rock band Porno Graffitti, it was released on March 8, 2000.	Romantist Egoist	Porno Graffitti
performer	``Ohio (Come Back to Texas)'' is a song by American band Bowling for Soup, released as a single from their album A Hangover You Don't Deserve.	Ohio (Come Back to Texas)	Bowling for Soup
performer	Five Get Over Excited is a song by The Housemartins released as a single from their album The People Who Grinned Themselves to Death.	Five Get Over Excited	The Housemartins
performer	Dig Your Own Hole is the second studio album by British electronica duo The Chemical Brothers, released on 7 April 1997.	Dig Your Own Hole	The Chemical Brothers
performer	Too Bright, Just Right, Good Night is an album from the mid-1990s by Actionslacks.	Too Bright, Just Right, Good Night	Actionslacks
performer	In Decay is the second studio album and third release from New York-based musician Com Truise.	In Decay	Com Truise
performer	Young Machetes is the fifth and final studio album by the American post-hardcore band The Blood Brothers, which was released October 10, 2006.	Young Machetes	The Blood Brothers
performer	With What Shall I Keep Warm? is an album released in 2009 by Canadian singer-songwriter Jane Siberry.	With What Shall I Keep Warm?	Jane Siberry
performer	The Power and the Myth is the fourth studio album and the first since the reunion, by House of Lords, released on August 3, 2004.	The Power and the Myth	House of Lords
performer	``Love in Slow Motion'' is the second single by American metalcore band, Bleeding Through, from their 2006 album, The Truth.	Love in Slow Motion	Bleeding Through
performer	Pärlor åt svinen which translates as Pearls Before Swine is a Magnus Uggla album, released on October 24, 2007.	Pärlor åt svinen	Magnus Uggla
performer	Fiction Tales is the only studio album by English post-punk band Modern Eon.	Fiction Tales	Modern Eon
performer	Sanjam (English: I'm Dreaming) is the fifth studio album by Bosnian folk singer Hanka Paldum.	Sanjam	Hanka Paldum
performer	``I Don't Want to Be'' is a song by Gavin DeGraw appearing on his 2003 debut album, Chariot.	I Don't Want to Be	Gavin DeGraw
performer	Counterpoint for Six Valves is an album by American jazz trumpeters Don Elliott and Rusty Dedrick which was recorded in 1955 for the Riverside label.	Counterpoint for Six Valves	Don Elliott
performer	Cosmopolitan Life is an album by Russian singer and composer Leonid Agutin, featuring Grammy-winning American guitarist Al Di Meola, released in 2005.	Cosmopolitan Life	Al Di Meola
performer	Party Hats is a jazz studio album by Will Bernard recorded in 2006 and released in 2007.	Party Hats	Will Bernard
performer	Excellent Italian Greyhound is the title of Shellac's fourth album.	Excellent Italian Greyhound	Shellac
performer	``Mauvaise foi nocturne (la réponse)'' (French for ``Nocturnal dishonesty (the response)'') is a 2006 song recorded by French act Fatal Bazooka, led by actor, singer and comedian Michael Youn.	Mauvaise foi nocturne	Fatal Bazooka
performer	``Hallelujah I Love Her So'' is the debut single from American musician Ray Charles.	Hallelujah I Love Her So	Ray Charles
performer	The Places You Have Come to Fear the Most is the second studio album recorded by the American emo band Dashboard Confessional.	The Places You Have Come to Fear the Most	Dashboard Confessional
performer	Emotional Decompression Chamber released with ``Dreamcell_11/Aural Music'' is the second full length album of the Italian industrial metal band Digitalis Purpurea.	Emotional Decompression Chamber	Digitalis Purpurea
performer	Different Lifestyles is the fourth album released by brother and sister team of BeBe & CeCe Winans released in the summer of 1991.	Different Lifestyles	BeBe & CeCe Winans
performer	Be as You Are (Songs from an Old Blue Chair) is the ninth studio album by country music singer Kenny Chesney, released on January 25, 2005.	Be as You Are (Songs from an Old Blue Chair)	Kenny Chesney
performer	My Ummah is the second studio album by British singer-songwriter Sami Yusuf.	My Ummah	Sami Yusuf
performer	``Can't Touch It'' is a song by Australian singer and songwriter Ricki-Lee Coulter.	Can't Touch It	Ricki-Lee Coulter
performer	Carry the Day is an album by Henry Threadgill released on the Columbia label in 1995.	Carry the Day	Henry Threadgill
performer	``Good Riddance (Time of Your Life)'' is a song by the American punk rock band Green Day.	Good Riddance (Time of Your Life)	Green Day
performer	Heart Full of Sky is the seventh studio album from rock artists Mostly Autumn released in 2006.	Heart Full of Sky	Mostly Autumn
performer	``A Little Respect'' is a song written and recorded by British synthpop duo Erasure, released in September 1988 as their tenth single.	A Little Respect	Erasure
performer	``(I'm So) Happy Happy (You're Mine)'' is the only single from the girl group, The Sheilas, released on 17 (download) and 24 September (CD), 2007.	(I'm So) Happy Happy (You're Mine)	The Sheilas
performer	Anarchitektur is the first release of Einstürzende Neubauten's Musterhaus project, a series of highly experimental CD releases that were only available via an annual subscription through their website or from shows during their 25th Anniversary Tour.	Anarchitektur	Einstürzende Neubauten
performer	Duur (Urdu: دور, literal English translation: ``far'') is the third album by the Pakistani pop band Strings, first released on 21 January 2000 and then re-released on 1 January 2002.	Duur	Strings
performer	Big Tyme is the second album by American hip hop group Heavy D & the Boyz.	Big Tyme	Heavy D
performer	Reports from the Threshold of Death is the second full-length studio album from American art rock band Junius.	Reports from the Threshold of Death	Junius
performer	All the Women I Am is the twenty-sixth studio album by American country music singer Reba McEntire.	All the Women I Am	Reba McEntire
performer	All Reflections Drained is the seventh studio album by American black metal act Xasthur.	All Reflections Drained	Xasthur
performer	Starters in the Game is a 2007 compilation album by Hyphy Bay Area rapper Mac Dre.	Starters in the Game	Mac Dre
performer	Live at the Fillmore East 2-11-69 is a double live album by the Grateful Dead recorded during the Live/Dead tour on February 11, 1969 at the Fillmore East in New York City.	Live at the Fillmore East 2-11-69	Grateful Dead
performer	Tears on Tape is the eighth studio album by Finnish band HIM, released April 26, 2013 in Finland, April 29, 2013 in Europe, and on April 30, 2013 in the US and Canada.	Tears on Tape	HIM
performer	Old Girlfriends and Other Horrible Memories is an album by American fingerstyle guitarist and composer John Fahey, released in 1992.	Old Girlfriends and Other Horrible Memories	John Fahey
performer	``More Than a Memory'' is a song written by Lee Brice, Billy Montana and Kyle Jacobs and recorded by American country music singer Garth Brooks.	More Than a Memory	Garth Brooks
performer	``Veteran of the Psychic Wars'' is a song by the American hard rock band Blue Öyster Cult, written by Eric Bloom and British author Michael Moorcock (creator of Elric of Melniboné).	Veteran of the Psychic Wars	Blue Öyster Cult
performer	Waiting for the Morning is a 1986 pop album by Norwegian pop duo Bobbysocks.	Waiting for the Morning	Bobbysocks
performer	``King of Pain'' is a song by English rock band The Police, released as the final single from their fifth and final studio album Synchronicity (1983).	King of Pain	The Police
performer	Uniendo Fronteras (Eng.: Uniting Frontiers') is the title of a studio album released by norteño music group Los Tigres del Norte.	Uniendo Fronteras	Los Tigres del Norte
performer	``Shopping Bags (She Got from You)'' is the first official single to be released by De La Soul, from their seventh studio album, The Grind Date.	Shopping Bags (She Got from You)	De La Soul
performer	Hypermagic Mountain is the fourth album by the noise rock band Lightning Bolt.	Hypermagic Mountain	Lightning Bolt
performer	Camino del Amor (Love Road) is a studio album released by Los Temerarios.	Camino del Amor	Los Temerarios
performer	``Body Body'' is Lebanese Canadian R&B/Pop singer Massari's second single from his second studio album Forever Massari.	Body Body	Massari
performer	Soul of the Bible is an album by jazz cornetist Nat Adderley released on the Capitol label featuring performances by Adderley's Sextet with Cannonball Adderley, Nat Adderley, Jr., George Duke, Walter Booker, and Roy McCurdy with narration by Rick Holmes and guest percussion and vocalists.	Soul of the Bible	Nat Adderley
performer	Take It to the Streets is Curtis Mayfield's penultimate album, released in 1990.	Take It to the Streets	Curtis Mayfield
performer	Spiritual Appliances is the fifth album by the American singer/songwriter Sara Hickman, released in 2000 (see 2000 in music).	Spiritual Appliances	Sara Hickman
performer	The Tender Gender is an album by guitarist Kenny Burrell recorded in 1966 and released on the Cadet label.	The Tender Gender	Kenny Burrell
performer	``Flash Delirium'' is a song released by the American psychedelic rock band MGMT on their second album Congratulations.	Flash Delirium	MGMT
performer	``I'm Housin'' is the third and final single released from EPMD's debut album, Strictly Business.	I'm Housin	EPMD
performer	Frankenstein Girls Will Seem Strangely Sexy (often abbreviated FGWSSS or just Frankenstein Girls) is the second album by New York City band Mindless Self Indulgence released in 2000.	Frankenstein Girls Will Seem Strangely Sexy	Mindless Self Indulgence
performer	Tales from the Strip is a music album by Phil Lewis's version of L.A. Guns, released in 2005.	Tales from the Strip	L.A. Guns
performer	``One-Nine-Nine-Nine''/``Like They Used to Say'' is a double A-Side single by rapper Common.	One-Nine-Nine-Nine	Common
performer	Flik Y'Self Off Y'Self is the second full-length album released by New Zealand band, HLAH.	Flik Y'Self Off Y'Self	HLAH
performer	``Allez Ola Olé'' (French pronunciation: ​(ale ola ole), Come on! Ola! Olé!) is a French Language song performed by Jessy Matador that represented France at the Eurovision Song Contest 2010.	Allez Ola Olé	Jessy Matador
performer	``Streets of Love'' was released as a double A-side single with ``Rough Justice'' from The Rolling Stones' 2005 album A Bigger Bang.	Streets of Love	The Rolling Stones
performer	Los Más Sueltos del Reggaetón is the debut studio album by Puerto Rican reggaeton duo Jowell & Randy, released on December 18, 2007, by Warner Bros.	Los Más Sueltos del Reggaetón	Jowell & Randy
performer	``Tell Me Do U Wanna'' is a single by R&B singer Ginuwine.	Tell Me Do U Wanna	Ginuwine
performer	``The Light That Blinds'' is the first track from heavy metal band Shadows Fall's fourth studio album The War Within.	The Light That Blinds	Shadows Fall
performer	Technical Ecstasy is the seventh studio album by English rock band Black Sabbath, produced by guitarist Tony Iommi and released in September 1976.	Technical Ecstasy	Black Sabbath
performer	Dedicato a mio padre is an album by Italian singer Mina, released in 1967.	Dedicato a mio padre	Mina
performer	Nyman Brass is a 2006 album composed and produced by Michael Nyman and performed by Wingates Band.	Nyman Brass	Michael Nyman
performer	``Another Lonely Song'' is a 1974 single by Tammy Wynette, who co-wrote the song with Billy Sherrill and Norro Wilson.	Another Lonely Song	Tammy Wynette
performer	``What I Wouldn't Do'' is a pop song performed by Canadian singer-songwriter Serena Ryder, which was released as a single in November 2012.	What I Wouldn't Do	Serena Ryder
performer	Lifted Off the Ground is the seventh studio album from singer-songwriter Chely Wright.	Lifted Off the Ground	Chely Wright
performer	``If It's Cool'' is a single by New Zealand hip-hop group, Nesian Mystik released in 2006.The song peaked at no.5 on the RIANZ chart.The song features a sample from The Style Council's ``Shout to the Top''.	If It's Cool	Nesian Mystik
performer	``I Will Survive'' is a hit song first performed by American singer Gloria Gaynor, released in October 1978.	I Will Survive	Gloria Gaynor
performer	``Discolights'' is a song written and produced by Ultrabeat and Darren Styles, and it is taken from Styles' debut solo album, Skydivin' and Ultrabeat's second album The Weekend Has Landed.	Discolights	Ultrabeat	Darren Styles
performer	Ballin' Outta Control is the second album by American rapper AMG.	Ballin' Outta Control	AMG
performer	Soul Shack is an album by American saxophonist Sonny Stitt and organist Jack McDuff, recorded in 1963 and issued on Prestige.	Soul Shack	Sonny Stitt
performer	``Blind Pilots'' is the second and final single to be taken from The Cooper Temple Clause's second album, Kick Up the Fire, and Let the Flames Break Loose.	Blind Pilots	The Cooper Temple Clause
performer	Only the Blues is a 1957 album by Sonny Stitt, accompanied by Roy Eldridge and Oscar Peterson.	Only the Blues	Sonny Stitt
performer	Manic Nirvana is the fifth solo album by former Led Zeppelin singer Robert Plant, released in 1990.	Manic Nirvana	Robert Plant
performer	``Knock You Down'' is a song by American singer and songwriter Keri Hilson, recorded her debut studio album In a Perfect World... (2009).	Knock You Down	Keri Hilson
performer	``Not to Touch the Earth'' is a 1968 song by The Doors from their album Waiting for the Sun. It stems from Jim Morrison's poem, ``Celebration of the Lizard''.	Not to Touch the Earth	The Doors
performer	Back for the Future is the second studio album by Dom and Roland, released in 2002.	Back for the Future	Dom and Roland
performer	The Wildest! is an album by Louis Prima, first released in 1956.	The Wildest!	Louis Prima
performer	``Fill My Little World'' is a song by British group The Feeling, originally released in the UK on 7 November 2005 as their début limited edition 7`` vinyl, but was unable to chart due to chart rules.	Fill My Little World	The Feeling
performer	The Fourth Judgement is the third studio album released (fourth recorded) by American power metal band Jag Panzer, released in 1997.	The Fourth Judgement	Jag Panzer
performer	``The Young New Mexican Puppeteer'' (1972) is a single by Tom Jones that tells the story of a puppeteer from New Mexico, who uses puppets to encourage social and political change.	The Young New Mexican Puppeteer	Tom Jones
performer	Soul Mover is a studio album by former Deep Purple, Black Sabbath and Trapeze vocalist/ bassist Glenn Hughes.	Soul Mover	Glenn Hughes
performer	Vauxhall and I is the fourth studio album by English alternative rock musician Morrissey.	Vauxhall and I	Morrissey
performer	Temporary Forever is the second studio album by American indie hip hop artist Busdriver.	Temporary Forever	Busdriver
performer	Live at the Cow Palace is a live album by the American rock band the Grateful Dead.	Live at the Cow Palace	Grateful Dead
performer	This Is Where the Fight Begins is the first full length album by the Brighton, UK, band The Ghost of a Thousand.	This Is Where the Fight Begins	The Ghost of a Thousand
performer	``Perfect Bliss'' was the Irish girl group Bellefire's debut single, taken from their album After the Rain.	Perfect Bliss	Bellefire
performer	``Find the River'' is a song by R.E.M., released as the sixth and final single from their eighth album Automatic for the People.	Find the River	R.E.M.
performer	``Parler à mon père'' (meaning ``Talk to My Father'') is a song recorded by Canadian singer Celine Dion, released as the lead single from her French-language album Sans attendre (2012).	Parler à mon père	Celine Dion
performer	Persevere is the fourth studio album by The Proclaimers, released in 2001 on their own label Persevere Records, as a comeback album after seven years of low profile.	Persevere	The Proclaimers
performer	Bucket! is an album by American jazz organist Jimmy Smith featuring performances recorded in 1963 but not released on the Blue Note label until 1966.	Bucket!	Jimmy Smith
performer	The Song Is June! is a 1958 album by June Christy recorded with Pete Rugolo's Orchestra.	The Song Is June!	June Christy
performer	Two Hand Band is an album by American guitarist Pat Donohue, released in 1993.	Two Hand Band	Pat Donohue
performer	``Crazy Girl'' is a song recorded by the Eli Young Band, an American country music group.	Crazy Girl	Eli Young Band
performer	``I'd Lie for You (And That's the Truth)'' is a song composed and written by Diane Warren, and recorded by Meat Loaf and Patti Russo.	I'd Lie for You (And That's the Truth)	Meat Loaf
performer	Sun, Sun, Sun is the second album by indie band The Elected, released in 2006 by Sub Pop.	Sun, Sun, Sun	The Elected
performer	Hall of Flames is the first compilation album released by German power metal band Edguy in 2004.	Hall of Flames	Edguy
performer	Fea Jur is the second album by St. Louis band Lye By Mistake, and was released on October 13, 2009.	Fea Jur	Lye By Mistake
performer	November Songs is the 2005 debut album of Kate Mann.	November Songs	Kate Mann
performer	Exit Strategy of the Soul is the title of the 11th studio album by Canadian singer-songwriter Ron Sexsmith.	Exit Strategy of the Soul	Ron Sexsmith
performer	Diamonds Unlocked is the twelfth album by German guitarist Axel Rudi Pell.	Diamonds Unlocked	Axel Rudi Pell
performer	Swampblood is an LP released on September 18, 2007, by Th' Legendary Shack Shakers.	Swampblood	Legendary Shack Shakers
performer	Nukleopatra is the sixth studio album from British dance music band Dead or Alive.	Nukleopatra	Dead or Alive
performer	Test for Echo is the sixteenth studio album by Canadian rock band Rush, released in 1996.	Test for Echo	Rush
performer	Semantic Spaces is an album by Canadian industrial/electronic music group Delerium in 1994.	Semantic Spaces	Delerium
performer	``I Kardia Sou Petra'' (Greek: Η Καρδιά Σου Πέτρα; English: Your Heart Like Stone) is a song recorded by Greek pop singer Elena Paparizou.	I Kardia Sou Petra	Elena Paparizou
performer	Thela Hun Ginjeet is a single by the band King Crimson, released in 1981.	Thela Hun Ginjeet	King Crimson
performer	Singing Is Believing is a country/gospel album by Billy ``Crash'' Craddock.	Singing Is Believing	Billy ``Crash'' Craddock
performer	More Miles Per Hour was the fourth solo album released by John Miles in 1979.	More Miles Per Hour	John Miles
performer	Odd Blood is the self-produced second studio album by American experimental rock band Yeasayer.	Odd Blood	Yeasayer
performer	Funstyle is the sixth album by Liz Phair, independently released on her official website on July 3, 2010 (see 2010 in music) by Phair.	Funstyle	Liz Phair
performer	``Smiley Faces'' is a song by Gnarls Barkley and is featured on their debut album, St. Elsewhere.	Smiley Faces	Gnarls Barkley
performer	Dear Mr. Sinatra is a 2006 album by jazz singer and swing jazz guitarist John Pizzarelli.	Dear Mr. Sinatra	John Pizzarelli
performer	Thick as a Brick - Live in Iceland is a live album and Blu-ray/DVD by Jethro Tull frontman Ian Anderson.	Thick as a Brick - Live in Iceland	Ian Anderson
performer	Soul and Fire'`` is a 1993 song by Sebadoh and is the first song on their 1993 album Bubble and Scrape.	Soul and Fire	Sebadoh
performer	``Cherry Lips'', also known as ``Cherry Lips (Go Baby Go!)'' is a 2001 song written, recorded and produced by alternative rock group Garbage for their third studio album, Beautiful Garbage.	Cherry Lips	Garbage
performer	Da Storm is the first album by the hip hop trio O.G.C. (Originoo Gunn Clappaz), released in October 1996 through Duck Down Records.	Da Storm	Originoo Gunn Clappaz
performer	Bothy Culture is the second studio album by the Scottish Celtic fusion artist Martyn Bennett.	Bothy Culture	Martyn Bennett
performer	``Pull of the Eye'' is a song by the Norwegian pop band Donkeyboy from their second studio album, Silver Moon, released on February 27, 2012, as the album's first single.	Pull of the Eye	Donkeyboy
performer	Solid Gold 69 is the title of a recording by American guitarist Chet Atkins, released in 1969.	Solid Gold 69	Chet Atkins
performer	Psychopatico is the second live album by the Danish rock group D-A-D, and the first to be published outside Japan.	Psychopatico	D-A-D
performer	Our Man in Paris is a 1963 jazz album by saxophonist Dexter Gordon.	Our Man in Paris	Dexter Gordon
performer	Songs and Rituals in Real Time is a double LP album by Tim Berne released by Empire Productions (USA) in 1982 and re-released on CD as a part of The Empire Box on Screwgun Records (USA) in 1998.	Songs and Rituals in Real Time	Tim Berne
performer	``Bald Headed Woman'' is a traditional blues song covered and released by The Kinks on their eponymous debut album in 1964 and The Who in 1965 as the b-side of ``I Can't Explain''.	Bald Headed Woman	The Kinks
performer	``Na Na Na (Dulce Niña)'' is a single from Kumbia Kings album Fuego.	Na Na Na (Dulce Niña)	Kumbia Kings
performer	``Rock My Baby'' is a song written by Curtis Wright, Billy Spencer and Phil Whitley, and recorded by American country music group Shenandoah.	Rock My Baby	Shenandoah
performer	Emergency Third Rail Power Trip is the title of Paisley Underground band Rain Parade's debut album, released in 1983.	Emergency Third Rail Power Trip	Rain Parade
performer	``You Gotta Have Love in Your Heart'' is a duet single between Motown singing groups The Supremes and the Four Tops, released as a single from their The Return of the Magnificent 7 album in 1971.	You Gotta Have Love in Your Heart	The Supremes	Four Tops
performer	``Radiation Vibe'' was the first single by Fountains of Wayne, from their debut album also titled Fountains of Wayne.	Radiation Vibe	Fountains of Wayne
performer	At Least for Now is the first studio album by English musician, singer, and poet Benjamin Clementine.	At Least for Now	Benjamin Clementine
performer	25th Anniversary Box Set is a 1993 limited edition box set by Jethro Tull.	25th Anniversary Box Set	Jethro Tull
performer	15 Year Killing Spree is a box set by the American death metal band Cannibal Corpse.	15 Year Killing Spree	Cannibal Corpse
performer	Sans Soucie is a compilation of non-album tracks by Halou.	Sans Soucie	Halou
performer	Cry Tuff Dub Encounter Chapter 3 is a 1980 reggae album by Prince Far I & the Arabs.	Cry Tuff Dub Encounter Chapter 3	Prince Far I
performer	Zlato, srebro, dukati (English: Gold, Silver, Ducats) is the nineteenth studio album by Bosnian Serb singer Mile Kitić.	Zlato, srebro, dukati	Mile Kitić
performer	Nothin' Matters and What If It Did is John Mellencamp's fourth released album, under his pseudonym of John Cougar.	Nothin' Matters and What If It Did	John Mellencamp
performer	3 Balloons is an album by comedian/musician Stephen Lynch.	3 Balloons	Stephen Lynch
performer	Me Logia Ellinika (Greek: Με Λόγια Ελληνικά; English: With Greek Words) is the name of the first all-Greek album by Greek musical group Antique.	Me Logia Ellinika	Antique
performer	``Where Is the Love'' is a popular song written by Ralph MacDonald and William Salter, and recorded by Roberta Flack and Donny Hathaway.	Where Is the Love	Roberta Flack	Donny Hathaway
performer	Folksingers 'Round Harvard Square is the first album featuring Joan Baez.	Folksingers 'Round Harvard Square	Joan Baez
performer	Silver 'n Percussion is an album by jazz pianist Horace Silver released on the Blue Note label in 1977.	Silver 'n Percussion	Horace Silver
performer	Silent Weapons for Quiet Wars is the debut from Wu-Tang affiliate Killarmy, in an obvious reference to Behold a pale horse, a book written by Milton William Cooper.	Silent Weapons for Quiet Wars	Killarmy
performer	Keep Music Miserable is a double album by the English band Lowgold of B-sides, live and unreleased tracks, released in 2005 on the band's own record label Dedted Records.	Keep Music Miserable	Lowgold
performer	Green Guitar Blues is a jazz album by American guitarist and banjoist Bucky Pizzarelli.	Green Guitar Blues	Bucky Pizzarelli
performer	Amor Amarillo (Spanish for Yellow Love) is the first solo album by Argentine rock musician Gustavo Cerati, as a side-project, while he was still active in Soda Stereo, his ex-band.	Amor Amarillo	Gustavo Cerati
performer	The Roc Boys is a collaboration album by State Property members Beanie Sigel and Freeway.	The Roc Boys	Beanie Sigel
performer	Secrets on Parade is the debut solo album by Danish singer-songwriter Tim Christensen, released on 5 October 2000 on CD and vinyl.	Secrets on Parade	Tim Christensen
performer	``Crash and Burn Girl'' was the fourth single to be released from Swedish pop singer-songwriter Robyn's 2005 self-titled album.	Crash and Burn Girl	Robyn
performer	``Prelude/Angry Young Man'' is a song written by Billy Joel which appeared as the sixth song on the album Turnstiles in 1976.	Prelude/Angry Young Man	Billy Joel
performer	Mambo No. Sex (titled Kiss Me in Japan) is an album by German Eurodance band E-Rotic.	Mambo No. Sex	E-Rotic
performer	Port Entropy is the fourth studio album from Japanese multi-instrumentalist Shugo Tokumaru.	Port Entropy	Shugo Tokumaru
performer	R.O.C.K. is a 1986 hard rock/heavy metal album by Kirka.	R.O.C.K.	Kirka
performer	``Star Wars Theme/Cantina Band'' is a disco single recorded by Meco, taken from the album Star Wars and Other Galactic Funk.	Star Wars Theme/Cantina Band	Meco
performer	``You're Gonna Love Again'' is a song by Australian twin sisters Nervo.	You're Gonna Love Again	Nervo
performer	``I've Been Working'' is a song written by Northern Irish singer-songwriter Van Morrison appearing on the album His Band and the Street Choir, released in 1970.	I've Been Working	Van Morrison
performer	``Never Gonna Say I'm Sorry'' is a song by Swedish band Ace of Base, released as a single in March 1996.	Never Gonna Say I'm Sorry	Ace of Base
performer	Peeli Patti Aur Raja Jani Ki Gol Dunya (Urdu: پیلی پتی اور راجہ جانی کی گول دنیا) is the second album released by Pakistani pop/rock band, Noori.	Peeli Patti Aur Raja Jani Ki Gol Dunya	Noori
performer	``Fuiste un Trozo de Hielo en la Escarcha'' (``You Were a Piece of Ice in the Frost'') is a ballad written by J. M. Cano, produced by Ronnie Foster and performed by Puerto Rican singer Chayanne.	Fuiste un Trozo de Hielo en la Escarcha	Chayanne
performer	Slick Dogs and Ponies is American garage rock band, Louis XIV's 3rd studio album.	Slick Dogs and Ponies	Louis XIV
performer	``Sunny Came Home'' is a folk-rock song by American musician Shawn Colvin.	Sunny Came Home	Shawn Colvin
performer	Life Changing is the third studio album by the contemporary gospel singer Smokie Norful.	Life Changing	Smokie Norful
performer	Modern Dances is the fourteenth album by Jandek, released as Corwood #0752.	Modern Dances	Jandek
performer	Jazz Contemporary is an album by American jazz trumpeter Kenny Dorham featuring performances recorded in 1960 and released on the Time label.	Jazz Contemporary	Kenny Dorham
performer	``Who Do U Love'' is a song performed by Canadian contemporary R&B singer Deborah Cox, issued as the second single from her eponymous debut album.	Who Do U Love	Deborah Cox
performer	The Love of Hopeless Causes was released in 1993 and is the sixth studio album by British rock band, New Model Army.	The Love of Hopeless Causes	New Model Army
performer	``You Can Leave Your Hat On'' is a song written by Randy Newman and appearing on his 1972 album Sail Away.	You Can Leave Your Hat On	Randy Newman
performer	Wild Wood was Paul Weller's second solo record, released in September 1993.	Wild Wood	Paul Weller
performer	``Chicken Shack Boogie'' is a 1948 jump-boogie style song by West Coast blues artist Amos Milburn.	Chicken Shack Boogie	Amos Milburn
performer	The 7th Blues is the seventh album released by Japanese hard rock band B'z, released on March 2, 1994.	The 7th Blues	B'z
performer	Through the Ashes of Empires is the fifth studio album by heavy metal band Machine Head.	Through the Ashes of Empires	Machine Head
performer	Lady Karma is the third full-length studio album by Israeli punk band Kill the Drive.	Lady Karma	Kill the Drive
performer	Escape Route is a digital album by American hip hop artist Joe Budden.	Escape Route	Joe Budden
performer	Roll On River is the 1981 album by the German Werner Lämmerhirt and British Wizz Jones, both of them noted solo folk guitarists, singers and songwriters.	Roll On River	Werner Lämmerhirt	Wizz Jones
performer	Humppasirkus is a 2006 album by the Finnish group Eläkeläiset.	Humppasirkus	Eläkeläiset
performer	``Bring It All Back'' is the debut single by British pop group S Club 7.	Bring It All Back	S Club
performer	``Is This What I Get For Loving You?'' is a pop song written by Phil Spector, Carole King and Gerry Goffin and recorded by 1960s girl group The Ronettes.	Is This What I Get For Loving You?	The Ronettes
performer	Tom Hanks portrayed Robert Langdon in the 2006 film adaptation of The Da Vinci Code, reprised the role in the 2009 film adaptation of Angels & Demons, and will play the role again in the 2016 film adaptation of Inferno.	Robert Langdon	Tom Hanks
performer	Vi skall fara bortom månen is a s Christian song written by Carl Öst, describing the importance of faith with references to the Space Race between the USA and the USSR.	Vi skall fara bortom månen	Carl Öst
performer	Turn It Around is the debut album by hardcore punk band Comeback Kid.	Turn It Around	Comeback Kid
performer	Phantom of the Rapra is the second album by rapper Bushwick Bill.	Phantom of the Rapra	Bushwick Bill
performer	Explorer Semester One was a record released in 2003 by Franciscus Henri, under the Music Makers music label.	Explorer Semester One	Franciscus Henri
performer	In the Maybe World is the ninth release by folk musician Lisa Germano.	In the Maybe World	Lisa Germano
performer	Cry Young is an album by American jazz pianist Ahmad Jamal featuring performances recorded in 1967 and released on the Cadet label.	Cry Young	Ahmad Jamal	Ahmad Jamal
performer	Never Mind the Ballots (occasionally called Never Mind the Ballots... Here's the Rest of Your Life by fans and distributors) is the second studio album by anarchist punk band Chumbawamba.	Never Mind the Ballots	Chumbawamba
performer	``Turn Me Away (Get MuNNY)'' is a song by R&B singer Erykah Badu, also the second single from her album New Amerykah Part Two (Return of the Ankh).	Turn Me Away (Get MuNNY)	Erykah Badu
performer	The Last Wave of Summer is the 1998 reunion album for Australian pub rock band Cold Chisel.	The Last Wave of Summer	Cold Chisel
performer	Helplessness Blues is the second studio album by Seattle, Washington-based folk band Fleet Foxes.	Helplessness Blues	Fleet Foxes
performer	Back to Ballin is the second album by southern rapper Lil' Troy.	Back to Ballin	Lil' Troy
performer	``Out in the Real World'' is the only single by Stream of Passion, released on February 27, 2006, from their album Embrace the Storm.	Out in the Real World	Stream of Passion
performer	Welcome to the Dance is the fifth regular studio album by all-female German pop group No Angels, released by Polydor and Universal Music Domestic throughout German-speaking Europe on September 11, 2009.	Welcome to the Dance	No Angels
performer	``Christmas in L.A.'' is a song by Las Vegas-based rock band The Killers featuring Dawes, released on December 1, 2013.	Christmas in L.A.	The Killers
performer	Tsubtsatagilidakeyn is the debut album of the Filipino rock band, Rocksteddy.	Tsubtsatagilidakeyn	Rocksteddy
performer	``God Gave Me You'' is a song written and originally recorded by American contemporary Christian music singer Dave Barnes.	God Gave Me You	Dave Barnes
performer	``Stray Cat Strut'' is the eighth track on the Stray Cats' debut album, Stray Cats, released in 1981 in the UK.	Stray Cat Strut	Stray Cats
performer	``TTL Listen 2'' is a single by South Korean girl group T-ara and boy band Supernova.	TTL Listen 2	Supernova
performer	Crip Hop is the fourth album by rapper Jayo Felony.	Crip Hop	Jayo Felony
performer	A Study in Jazz is the fourth album by American jazz saxophonist Eddie Harris, and the first to feature his compositions predominantly, recorded in 1962 and released on the Vee-Jay label.	A Study in Jazz	Eddie Harris
performer	``A Design for Life'' is a single released by Welsh band Manic Street Preachers in 1996 and the first to be taken from the Everything Must Go album of May that same year.	A Design for Life	Manic Street Preachers
performer	Bantu Village is an album by American trumpeter Blue Mitchell which features arrangements by Monk Higgins recorded and released on the Blue Note label in 1969.	Bantu Village	Blue Mitchell
performer	For the Memories Vols I & II is an album by American singer-songwriter Don McLean, released in 1989.	For the Memories Vols I & II	Don McLean
performer	21 Today is the fifth studio album by singer Cliff Richard.	21 Today	Cliff Richard
performer	``Every You Every Me'' is a song by British alternative rock band Placebo, released as the third single from their second album, Without You I'm Nothing, on 21 January 1999.	Every You Every Me	Placebo
performer	What to Do with Daylight is the debut album by New Zealand singer/songwriter, Brooke Fraser released in 2004.	What to Do with Daylight	Brooke Fraser
performer	Young Brigham is an album by American folk musician Ramblin' Jack Elliott, released in 1968.	Young Brigham	Ramblin' Jack Elliott
performer	``Execute Me'' is a song by Danish electropop singer Medina.	Execute Me	Medina
performer	``Two to Make It Right'' is the title of a popular song by the American girl group Seduction.	Two to Make It Right	Seduction
performer	Raven in My Eyes is the fourth album released by rapper Andre Nickatina.	Raven in My Eyes	Andre Nickatina
performer	``Como Fui a Enamorarme de Ti'' (``How I Fell in Love With You'') is a song written and produced Mexican singer-songwriter Marco Antonio Solís, and performed by him as the lead singer of Los Bukis.	Como Fui a Enamorarme de Ti	Los Bukis
performer	Last of the Line is the sixth studio album by English folk metal band Forefather.	Last of the Line	Forefather
performer	Beat Off is the third full-length album by pop punk band The Queers.	Beat Off	The Queers
performer	Live It Out is the second album released by the Canadian indie rock band Metric.	Live It Out	Metric
performer	Extraction from Mortality is the first album by the Christian thrash metal band Believer.	Extraction from Mortality	Believer
performer	En Garde, Society! is the second album by American stand-up comedian Eugene Mirman.	En Garde, Society	Eugene Mirman
performer	For Members Only is an album by American jazz organist Shirley Scott recorded in 1963 for the Impulse! label.	For Members Only	Shirley Scott
performer	Wild & Blue is the fourth studio album by country artist John Anderson.	Wild & Blue	John Anderson
performer	2wenty 2wo is Tackey & Tsubasa's debut album to be released under avex trax.	2wenty 2wo	Tackey & Tsubasa
performer	Everything's the Rush is the third studio album by British indie band Delays.	Everything's the Rush	Delays
performer	Country and West is the name of a Country music album by Country singer, Dottie West, released in 1970.	Country and West	Dottie West
performer	Welcome to Woody Creek is the 2004 album from The Nitty Gritty Dirt Band.	Welcome to Woody Creek	Nitty Gritty Dirt Band
performer	``Tiny Explosions'' is a single by the post-grunge band The Presidents of the United States of America.	Tiny Explosions	The Presidents of the United States of America
performer	``Amor Gitano'' (English: ``Gypsy Love'') is a latin pop duet by Mexican recording artist Alejandro Fernández and American recording artist Beyoncé.	Amor Gitano	Alejandro Fernández	Beyoncé
performer	Steal Your Face is a live double album by the Grateful Dead, released in June 1976.	Steal Your Face	Grateful Dead
performer	``Doll Parts'' is a song by American alternative rock band Hole, written by vocalist and rhythm guitarist Courtney Love.	Doll Parts	Hole
performer	``How Do I Get There'' is a song written by Chris Farren, and co-written and recorded by American country music artist Deana Carter.	How Do I Get There	Deana Carter
performer	Rehab Doll is the first and only studio album by the American rock band Green River.	Rehab Doll	Green River
performer	12 Crass Songs is the fourth album by anti-folk artist Jeffrey Lewis.	12 Crass Songs	Jeffrey Lewis
performer	``I Never Told You'' is a song by the American pop singer-songwriter Colbie Caillat from her second album Breakthrough (2009).	I Never Told You	Colbie Caillat
performer	``The Captain of Her Heart'' is a single by the Swiss duo Double in 1985.	The Captain of Her Heart	Double
performer	Structured Disasters is the third full-length records for the Leeds-based band Hood.	Structured Disasters	Hood
performer	``Nothin' My Love Can't Fix'' is an R&B/new jack swing-styled pop single from American actor and singer Joey Lawrence, and is the first single from his self-titled debut album, released on February 9, 1993.	Nothin' My Love Can't Fix	Joey Lawrence
performer	Koloseum (English: Coliseum) is a song by Marika Gombitová released on OPUS in 1987.	Koloseum	Marika Gombitová
performer	Spirit of Purity is the debut album by the Swedish Christian black metal band Sanctifica, released on Little Rose Productions and Rivel Records in March 2000.	Spirit of Purity	Sanctifica
performer	The TV Album is a compilation CD of songs by ``Weird Al'' Yankovic that features songs about television and TV shows.	The TV Album	Weird Al'' Yankovic
performer	``Delta Dawn'' is a song written by former child rockabilly star Larry Collins and songwriter Alex Harvey, best known as a 1972 top ten country hit for Tanya Tucker and a number-one hit for Helen Reddy in 1973.	Delta Dawn	Tanya Tucker
performer	Mr. Machinery Operator is the fifth album by the American alternative rock band Firehose.	Mr. Machinery Operator	Firehose
performer	A Thin Shell is the third album by death/doom metal band October Tide.	A Thin Shell	October Tide
performer	3-Faced Elva (Chinese: 3面夏娃; pinyin: San Mian Xia Wa) is Taiwanese Mandopop artist Elva Hsiao's ninth Mandarin studio album.	3-Faced Elva	Elva Hsiao
performer	Twilight in Olympus is the fourth studio album by progressive metal band Symphony X, released in 1998 through Zero Corporation (Japan) and Inside Out Music (Europe); a remastered special edition was reissued on January 13, 2004 through Inside Out.	Twilight in Olympus	Symphony X
performer	In Peter Jackson's live-action film trilogy, Denethor was played by John Noble, and was portrayed in a substantially more negative light than the novel.	Denethor	John Noble
performer	``Talking Out of Turn'' is a 1981 single by the English progressive rock band The Moody Blues, and it was the third and final single released from their 1981 album Long Distance Voyager.	Talking Out of Turn	The Moody Blues
performer	``Cold Wind'' is a single by Canadian indie rock band Arcade Fire.	Cold Wind	Arcade Fire
performer	``The Edge of Heaven'' is a song by British pop duo Wham!, released on Epic Records in 1986.	The Edge of Heaven	Wham
performer	Jungle of Questions is the second album Vusi Mahlasela released in 2000, (the other being his solo album Miyela Afrika).	Jungle of Questions	Vusi Mahlasela
performer	Stop Doing Bad Things is the third full length release from Chicago band, Spitalfield, released on March 22, 2005, through Victory.	Stop Doing Bad Things	Spitalfield
performer	``All His Children'' is a single by American country music artist Charley Pride with music by Henry Mancini.	All His Children	Charley Pride	Henry Mancini
performer	Half Past Autumn Suite is a 2001 jazz recording, released in 2003, by Irvin Mayfield.	Half Past Autumn Suite	Irvin Mayfield
performer	``You Haven't Seen the Last of Me'' is a song performed by American singer-actress Cher, taken from the soundtrack Burlesque:	You Haven't Seen the Last of Me	Cher
performer	Duke Pandemonium is the second studio album by Scottish conceptual rock duo Marmaduke Duke, released on 11 May 2009 on 14th Floor Records.	Duke Pandemonium	Marmaduke Duke
performer	It's Just My Funny Way of Laughin' is a 1962 album by Burl Ives, recorded in Nashville, Tennessee.	It's Just My Funny Way of Laughin'	Burl Ives
performer	``Sommaren är kort'' is a song recorded by Tomas Ledin, which calls for seizing times when Sun is shining, as it can rain even in summertime, and time moves fast till the arrivial of autumn again.	Sommaren är kort	Tomas Ledin
performer	``Kebyar-Kebyar'' (also spelled ``Gebyar-Gebyar'') is a 1979 patriotic song by the singer Gombloh.	Kebyar-Kebyar	Gombloh
performer	``After Loving You'' is a song by Elvis Presley, written and composed by Eddie Miller and Johnny Lantz.	After Loving You	Elvis Presley
performer	Bird in the Tangle is an album by Brett Detar, released on November 9, 2010.	Bird in the Tangle	Brett Detar
performer	Smoke Rings in the Dark is the third studio album from American country music singer Gary Allan.	Smoke Rings in the Dark	Gary Allan
performer	In the Grace of Your Love is the third and final full-length album by dance-punk band The Rapture and the first without former bassist Mattie Safer.	In the Grace of Your Love	The Rapture
performer	Turn It Upside Down is the second studio album and fourth release overall by American rock band Spin Doctors, released in 1994.	Turn It Upside Down	Spin Doctors
performer	Phorward is a studio album by the Scottish band The Shamen.	Phorward	The Shamen
performer	``Why (Must We Fall in Love)'' is a Diana Ross & the Supremes and The Temptations song released in 1970 as the second single from the album Together.	Why (Must We Fall in Love)	The Temptations
performer	Plastic Skies is the seventh album by Australian punk rock band Bodyjar.	Plastic Skies	Bodyjar
performer	Strong Bad Sings (and Other Type Hits) is a compilation album featuring songs by Strong Bad and other characters from the Homestar Runner web cartoon series.	Strong Bad Sings (and Other Type Hits)	Homestar Runner
performer	The Modern Art of Jazz by Zoot Sims (Dawn, 1956) The Modern Art of Jazz by Mat Mathews (Dawn, 1956) The Modern Art of Jazz by Randy Weston (Dawn, 1956)	The Modern Art of Jazz	Randy Weston
performer	Travelin' On is an album by the jazz pianist Oscar Peterson and his trio, released in 1968.	Travelin' On	Oscar Peterson
performer	Family Talk is an album by Muhal Richard Abrams released on the Italian Black Saint label in 1993 and features performances of six of Abrams compositions by Abrams, Jack Walrath, Patience Higgins, Brad Jones, Warren Smith and Reggie Nicholson.	Family Talk	Muhal Richard Abrams
performer	``I Don't Give A'' is a song recorded by American singer-songwriter Madonna for her twelfth studio album MDNA (2012).	I Don't Give A	Madonna
performer	Aus Liebe weint man nicht (You Don't Cry Out of Love) is the sixteenth studio album released by German Schlager group Die Flippers.	Aus Liebe weint man nicht	Die Flippers
performer	Desert Rain is the second album of Indian Ocean and the first live album ever to be released by any Indian band.	Desert Rain	Indian Ocean
performer	``Load Me Up'' is the second single from Canadian group Matthew Good Band's third studio album, Beautiful Midnight.	Load Me Up	Matthew Good Band
performer	Small Graces is Bob Bennett's sixth release.	Small Graces	Bob Bennett
performer	The Key to Perfection is a promo album by Swiss electronic duo Yello, released on September 4, 2012.	The Key to Perfection	Yello
performer	No Frontiers is an album by Irish singer Mary Black.	No Frontiers	Mary Black
performer	The 2012 European Black Album Tour (also called ``The Metallica Vacation Tour 2012'') was a concert tour of American heavy metal band Metallica.	2012 European Black Album Tour	Metallica
performer	Realm of Wonders is the demo by Fairyland, released in 2000 while the band was still under the name of Fantasia.	Realm of Wonders	Fairyland
performer	``Sitting at the Wheel'' is a 1983 hit single by The Moody Blues, written by John Lodge.	Sitting at the Wheel	The Moody Blues
performer	Muzyka Rozrywkowa is the first solo album by Polish rapper Pezet, a member of Płomień 81.	Muzyka Rozrywkowa	Pezet
performer	``My Life Would Suck Without You'' is a song performed by American recording artist Kelly Clarkson from her fourth studio album, All I Ever Wanted (2009).	My Life Would Suck Without You	Kelly Clarkson
performer	Hotel Shampoo is the third solo album by Welsh musician and Super Furry Animals front-man Gruff Rhys.	Hotel Shampoo	Gruff Rhys
performer	``I Can't Drive 55'' was the lead single and first track from Sammy Hagar's eighth studio album VOA in 1984.	I Can't Drive 55	Sammy Hagar
performer	Cronology of Death is a 4-way split album with tracks from four death metal groups Sentenced, Carbonized, Bluuurgh... and Xenophobia.	Cronology of Death	Sentenced
performer	A Beacon from Mars was Kaleidoscope's second album.	A Beacon from Mars	Kaleidoscope
performer	Somewhere Out in Space is an album by German power metal band, Gamma Ray.	Somewhere Out in Space	Gamma Ray
performer	Işıklı Yol (English: Road with Lights) is İzel's seventh studio album.	Işıklı Yol	İzel
performer	Positootly! is an album by pianist John Beasley.	Positootly!	John Beasley
performer	If You Knew Suzi... is the sixth regular studio album by Suzi Quatro, released at the end of 1978, with a 1979 copyright date.	If You Knew Suzi...	Suzi Quatro
performer	A Tribute to Brother Weldon is a tribute album to jazz musician Weldon Irvine by hip hop producer Madlib's Jazz project under the alias of Monk Hughes.	A Tribute to Brother Weldon	Madlib
performer	We Love Life is the seventh and final studio album by Pulp, released in the UK on 22 October 2001.	We Love Life	Pulp
performer	``Waiting for the World to Fall'' is a song written and performed by Jars of Clay for the soundtrack to the motion picture The Chronicles of Narnia:	Waiting for the World to Fall	Jars of Clay
performer	``The Number One Song in Heaven'' is a disco song by the American rock duo Sparks.	The Number One Song in Heaven	Sparks
performer	``How Do You Like It'' is a song by American R&B artist Keith Sweat from the album, Get Up on It, and features Lisa ``Left Eye'' Lopes of TLC.	How Do You Like It	Keith Sweat
performer	Truly She Is None Other is the eleventh solo album by Holly Golightly, former member of the band Thee Headcoatees, and is considered her most commercial album to date.	Truly She Is None Other	Holly Golightly
performer	Windsong is the ninth album recorded by American singer-songwriter John Denver, which was released in September 1975.	Windsong	John Denver
performer	Cariño Brutal is the sixth album by the rock band Slapshock, released in 2009.	Cariño Brutal	Slapshock
performer	Blue Moves, released October 1976, is the eleventh official album release for Elton John.	Blue Moves	Elton John
performer	The Atomic Mr. Basie (originally called Basie, also known as E=MC2 and reissued in 1994 as The Complete Atomic Mr Basie) is a 1958 album by Count Basie and his orchestra.	The Atomic Mr. Basie	Count Basie
performer	The Fall of Melnibone is an EP released by Spanish power metal band Dark Moor in 2001 through Arise Records.	The Fall of Melnibone	Dark Moor
performer	``Outta Nowhere'' is a song by Cuban-American rapper Pitbull featuring Colombian-American recording artist Danny Mercer, taken from the former's seventh studio album Global Warming.	Outta Nowhere	Pitbull	Danny Mercer
performer	``Bossa Nova Baby'' is a song written by Jerry Leiber and Mike Stoller and recorded on January 22, 1963, in RCA Studio B, in Nashville, Tennessee by Elvis Presley as part of the soundtrack of the 1963 motion picture Fun in Acapulco.	Bossa Nova Baby	Elvis Presley
performer	Sixty Four is the 21st studio album and 26th album overall from Scottish singer-songwriter Donovan.	Sixty Four	Donovan
performer	Salutes Bessie Smith is the second album by American pianist Amina Claudine Myers featuring performances recorded in 1980 for the Leo label.	Salutes Bessie Smith	Amina Claudine Myers
performer	Sound of Fire is the first full-length album and 7th release by Phoenix, Arizona-based pop rock band This Century, released on April 19, 2011 on Action Theory Records.	Sound of Fire	This Century
performer	At Long Last is a 1998 studio album by Rosemary Clooney, accompanied by the Count Basie Orchestra.	At Long Last	Rosemary Clooney
performer	``Boss' Life'' is the fourth and final single from Snoop Dogg's 8th studio album Tha Blue Carpet Treatment.	Boss' Life	Snoop Dogg
performer	``Maybe for Sure'' is a 1989 song by the American singer Debbie Harry, released as a single from her third solo album Def, Dumb & Blonde.	Maybe for Sure	Debbie Harry
performer	Indelibly Stamped is the second album by the English progressive rock band Supertramp, released in 1971.	Indelibly Stamped	Supertramp
performer	Listen Like Thieves is the fifth studio album by the Australian rock band INXS.	Listen Like Thieves	INXS
performer	``Angel Gabriella'' is a song by Nigerian R&B singer Faze, which he wrote and recorded in 2004 in the light of the growing ``Faze versus 2Face'' beef which lasted till 2006.	Angel Gabriella	Faze
performer	``Going in Circles'' is a song written by Jerry Peters and Anita Poree, and originally performed by The Friends of Distinction on their 1969 album Grazin′, reaching number 15 on the U.S. Hot 100, and number three on the R&B chart.	Going in Circles	The Friends of Distinction
performer	``A Gunshot to the Head of Trepidation'' is a song by Trivium, released as the third single from their second album Ascendancy in May 2005.	A Gunshot to the Head of Trepidation	Trivium
performer	Easy Listening for the Hard of Hearing is a collaboration album between Boyd Rice and Frank Tovey, recorded in 1981, but released in 1984 on Mute Records, and is composed on 12 tracks labeled ``extractions'' 1-12.	Easy Listening for the Hard of Hearing	Boyd Rice
performer	Secuencia (English: Sequence) is the second studio album from Mexican pop group Reik, released on November 21, 2006 through Sony Music.	Secuencia	Reik
performer	We Do What We Want is the fifth studio album by the American rock band Emery.	We Do What We Want	Emery
performer	``Vamos a la Discoteca'' is a song by Belgian Eurodance group Paradisio.	Vamos a la Discoteca	Paradisio
performer	``Pay the Devil (Ooo, Baby, Ooo)'' is a song written by Berton Averre and first released by The Knack on their 1981 album Round Trip.	Pay the Devil (Ooo, Baby, Ooo)	The Knack
performer	``Party O'Clock'' is a single by Dominican-American recording artist Kat DeLuna .	Party O'Clock	Kat DeLuna
performer	Tiger Suit is the third studio album by Scottish singer-songwriter KT Tunstall which features more contemporary ingredients than her previous work.	Tiger Suit	KT Tunstall
performer	We Live is the fifth studio album by English doom metal band Electric Wizard.	We Live	Electric Wizard
performer	``The One That You Love'' is a popular song written by Graham Russell and sung by Australian soft rock band Air Supply that reached number one in the United States in 1981.	The One That You Love	Air Supply
performer	By 7:30 is an album by Vonda Shepard, released on 20 April 1999.	By 7:30	Vonda Shepard
performer	``Outlaw Man'' is a song written by David Blue and recorded by the American rock band Eagles.	Outlaw Man	Eagles
performer	``TTYLXOX (short for ''Talk to You Later Hugs and Kisses``, a combination of TTYL and XOX) is a song by American singer, model, and actress Bella Thorne from the soundtrack Shake It Up:	TTYLXOX	Bella Thorne
performer	``Red Fraction'' is the first single of I've Sound singer Mell and her first single under Geneon Entertainment.	Red Fraction	Mell
performer	Freier Fall (Free Fall) is Christina Stürmer's debut album after she took part in Starmania.	Freier Fall	Christina Stürmer
performer	Ideas for Songs is a cassette by Destroyer, released in 1997.	Ideas for Songs	Destroyer
performer	Rooster Rag is the fifteenth album of original material by American rock band Little Feat released in June 2012.	Rooster Rag	Little Feat
performer	Memories in My Head is an EP by the band Riverside released by Progteam in Poland and Glassville Records in the rest of Europe on June 20, 2011.	Memories in My Head	Riverside
performer	``With Every Act of Love'' is the lead single on Jason Gray's fourth studio album Love Will Have the Final Word.	With Every Act of Love	Jason Gray
performer	Abbiamo tutti un blues da piangere (lit. ``We all have a blues to cry out'') is the second album by progressive rock band Perigeo.	Abbiamo tutti un blues da piangere	Perigeo
performer	Back to the Street is the eighth studio album of the Christian rock band, Petra.	Back to the Street	Petra
performer	``I Got My Mind Made Up (You Can Get It Girl)'' is a song recorded by the disco band Instant Funk in 1979.	I Got My Mind Made Up (You Can Get It Girl)	Instant Funk
performer	Emeis (Greek: Εμεις; English: We) is the name of a Greek album by singers Anna Vissi and Nikos Karvelas.	Emeis	Anna Vissi
performer	Swaar Metaal is the third studio album by South African heavy metal band Kobus!, released on the independent record label Rhythm Records in March 2007.	Swaar Metaal	Kobus
performer	Degradation Trip is the second solo album by Alice in Chains guitarist and vocalist Jerry Cantrell, released on June 18, 2002.	Degradation Trip	Jerry Cantrell
performer	En la playa is a live acoustic CD/DVD by the Spanish pop rock band Hombres G, released on November 29, 2011.	En la playa	Hombres G
performer	``Where Have You Been'' is a song by Barbadian recording artist Rihanna, from her sixth studio album, Talk That Talk (2011) serving as the fifth single.	Where Have You Been	Rihanna
performer	``The Midnight Choir'' is the second single taken from The Thrills' third album, Teenager.	The Midnight Choir	The Thrills
performer	``Cool Down the Pace'' is the final single from Mattafix's debut album, Signs of a Struggle, released in 2005.	Cool Down the Pace	Mattafix
performer	9ood Show (Chinese: 有我在; pinyin: yǒu wǒ zài) is Taiwanese Mandopop artist Show Luo's (Chinese: 羅志祥) ninth Mandarin studio album.	9ood Show	Show Luo
performer	Ezz-thetics is an album by a sextet led by the jazz composer and music theorist George Russell.	Ezz-thetics	George Russell
performer	Kinkdom (sometimes referred to as Kinks Kinkdom) is a US-only album by the English band The Kinks, released in 1965.	Kinkdom	The Kinks
performer	Head on Straight is Tonic's third album, released in 2002.	Head on Straight	Tonic
performer	Mind the Acoustic Pieces is the first studio album by Maiden uniteD.	Mind the Acoustic Pieces	Maiden uniteD
performer	Nuages du Monde is an album by Canadian new age/electronic music group Delerium in 2006.	Nuages du Monde	Delerium
performer	Of Natural History is the second album by Avant-rock/metal group Sleepytime Gorilla Museum.	Of Natural History	Sleepytime Gorilla Museum
performer	Quiet Music 3 is a cassette album by the American ambient musician Steve Roach.	Quiet Music 3	Steve Roach
performer	All Beauty Destroyed is the third album released by American electro-industrial band Aesthetic Perfection.	All Beauty Destroyed	Aesthetic Perfection
performer	``Supaman High'' is a song by American R&B singer R. Kelly featuring OJ da Juiceman, written by R. Kelly, OJ da Juiceman, Gucci Mane and Willy Will for his ninth studio album, Untitled (2009).	Supaman High	R. Kelly	OJ da Juiceman
performer	Method Music is a double-album of electronic music by the English composer and mathematician Lawrence Ball created using the compositional system that would become The Lifehouse Method, an online-based compositional project conceived by Pete Townshend of The Who to compose customized algorithmically-generated musical portraits.	Method Music	Lawrence Ball
performer	Wolfroy Goes to Town is a studio album by singer-songwriter Will Oldham, released on Drag City.	Wolfroy Goes to Town	Will Oldham
performer	Die Ewigkeit is the second release from German band Relatives Menschsein.	Die Ewigkeit	Relatives
performer	Tuesday Night Music Club is the debut solo album from American singer/songwriter Sheryl Crow, released on August 3, 1993.	Tuesday Night Music Club	Sheryl Crow
performer	Sixty Metonymies is the debut studio album of New York City-based avant-garde band Tartar Lamb.	Sixty Metonymies	Tartar Lamb
performer	``Help Me Girl'' is a song performed by Eric Burdon in 1966.	Help Me Girl	Eric Burdon
performer	Nuthin' Fancy is a 1975 album by Lynyrd Skynyrd, their third studio album, and their first to reach the Top 10, peaking at #9 on the US albums chart.	Nuthin' Fancy	Lynyrd Skynyrd
performer	``(The) Girl Friend of the Whirling Dervish'' was a novelty song written by Harry Warren, Al Dubin, and Johnny Mercer.	Girl Friend of the Whirling Dervish	Harry Warren
performer	You Don't Mess Around with Jim is the third studio album by American singer-songwriter Jim Croce, released in 1972.	You Don't Mess Around with Jim	Jim Croce
performer	``Living Type'' is the third single released from Powderfinger's second album Double Allergic.	Living Type	Powderfinger
performer	La sposa occidentale (The western bride) is an album by the Italian singer-songwriter Lucio Battisti.	La sposa occidentale	Lucio Battisti
performer	Pistola is the last studio album made by Willy DeVille.	Pistola	Willy DeVille
performer	Visit Me is the third album released by American R&B duo Changing Faces in 2000.	Visit Me	Changing Faces
performer	Unity Band is a studio album by American jazz guitarist Pat Metheny along with Chris Potter on saxophone and bass clarinet, Ben Williams on bass, and Antonio Sánchez on drums.	Unity Band	Pat Metheny
performer	Zos Kia Cultus (Here and Beyond) is the sixth album by Polish extreme metal band Behemoth.	Zos Kia Cultus (Here and Beyond)	Behemoth
performer	The Embarrassing Beginning is the fourth full-length album by Canadian hardcore punk band Grade.	The Embarrassing Beginning	Grade
performer	Róka Hasa Rádió is the fourth full-length album from Hungarian avant-garde metal group Thy Catafalque.	Róka Hasa Rádió	Thy Catafalque
performer	Existir (translated from Portuguese; means ``To exist''), was the second full-length studio disc from Portuguese band Madredeus.	Existir	Madredeus
performer	Rareform is the second studio album by American progressive metal band After the Burial.	Rareform	After the Burial
performer	Non Stop Rock'n Roll is the third studio album by Norwegian glam metal band Wig Wam.	Non Stop Rock'n Roll	Wig Wam
performer	Bite Down Hard is the first Britny Fox album to feature singer Tommy Paris.	Bite Down Hard	Britny Fox
performer	Girls'' Generation's ``Best Selection Non Stop Mix`` album ranked #4 on Oricon's daily album chart.	Best Selection Non Stop Mix	Girls'' Generation
performer	Quiet Kenny is an album by the American jazz trumpeter Kenny Dorham of performances recorded in 1959 and released on the New Jazz label.	Quiet Kenny	Kenny Dorham
performer	Jesus Christ Superstars is fifth studio album by Slovenian industrial/electronic music group Laibach.	Jesus Christ Superstars	Laibach
performer	Leih Sebtaha (Why Did You Leave Her) is the fifteenth full-length Arabic studio album from Egyptian pop singer Angham, launched in Egypt in 2001 by Alam elPhan Production Company.	Leih Sebtaha	Angham
performer	Absolutely Freak Out (Zap Your Mind!!) is an album by the Acid Mothers Temple & The Melting Paraiso U.F.O., released in 2001.	Absolutely Freak Out (Zap Your Mind!!)	Acid Mothers Temple
performer	``Boss of Me'' is a song by alternative rock band They Might Be Giants.	Boss of Me	They Might Be Giants
performer	New Colours is a 1971 album by UK pop group The New Seekers.	New Colours	The New Seekers
performer	``Apply Some Pressure'' was the second single released by Maxïmo Park.	Apply Some Pressure	Maxïmo Park
performer	``Doo-Wah Days'' is a song written by Edward Hunnicutt, Doug Gilmore and Gary Vincent, and recorded by American country music artist Mickey Gilley.	Doo-Wah Days	Mickey Gilley
performer	``G-Get Up and Dance!'' is the lead single from Canadian rock band Faber Drive's second album, Can't Keep a Secret.	G-Get Up and Dance	Faber Drive
performer	Psychedelic Underground is a 1969 psychedelic rock album by the German band Amon Düül.	Psychedelic Underground	Amon Düül
performer	``Bulls on Parade'' is a song released by American rap metal band Rage Against the Machine in 1996, and can be found on their 2nd album, Evil Empire.	Bulls on Parade	Rage Against the Machine
performer	The Curse of the Golden Vampire is an album by electronic artists Alec Empire and Techno Animal, released in 1998.	Curse of the Golden Vampire	Alec Empire
performer	``Je vous aime adieu'' (English: ``I love you goodbye'') is a 1996 song recorded by the French singer Hélène Ségara.	Je vous aime adieu	Hélène Ségara
performer	``Eh, Eh (Nothing Else I Can Say)'' is a song by American singer Lady Gaga, from her debut album, The Fame (2008).	Eh, Eh (Nothing Else I Can Say)	Lady Gaga
performer	Light & Magic is the second studio album by English electronic band Ladytron.	Light & Magic	Ladytron
performer	``Maman a tort'' is a 1984 song recorded by French artist Mylène Farmer.	Maman a tort	Mylène Farmer
performer	100 Days, 100 Nights is the third studio album by American funk band Sharon Jones & The Dap-Kings.	100 Days, 100 Nights	Sharon Jones & The Dap-Kings
performer	``The Afterlife'' is a song by American singer-songwriter Paul Simon from his twelfth studio album, So Beautiful or So What (2011).	The Afterlife	Paul Simon
performer	Rising & Falling is the fourth album by tech-house duo Layo & Bushwacka!.	Rising & Falling	Layo & Bushwacka
performer	A Sombre Dance is the second album by the Austrian band Estatic Fear.	A Sombre Dance	Estatic Fear
performer	Every Man and Woman Is a Star is the second album released by the British electronic band Ultramarine.	Every Man and Woman Is a Star	Ultramarine
performer	``Haven't Found'' is a hip-hop song by Pras Michel, released as the first and only single from his second solo studio album, Win, Lose or Draw.	Haven't Found	Pras
performer	``Lost in Stereo'' is a song by American pop punk band All Time Low and the third and last single taken from their third studio album, Nothing Personal (2009).	Lost in Stereo	All Time Low
performer	``Get Stoned'' is a song recorded by American rock band Hinder, released in 2005 by Universal Music Group Recordings.	Get Stoned	Hinder
performer	``Everything Your Heart Desires'' is a song by the American duo Hall & Oates, released as the lead single from their thirteenth studio album, Ooh Yeah! (1988).	Everything Your Heart Desires	Hall & Oates
performer	``Wicked Annabella'' is a song by English rock band The Kinks, appearing on their 1968 album The Kinks Are the Village Green Preservation Society.The song was written by main songwriter Ray Davies, although sung by lead guitarist Dave Davies in a rare departure from tradition.	Wicked Annabella	The Kinks
performer	Waiting for the Sun is the third studio album by the American rock band The Doors, recorded from February to May 1968 and released in July 1968.	Waiting for the Sun	The Doors
performer	Historical Figures and Ancient Heads is the eighth album by Canned Heat, released in 1971.	Historical Figures and Ancient Heads	Canned Heat
performer	With a Heart in My Song is the second collaborative studio album by guitarist Allan Holdsworth and pianist Gordon Beck, released in 1988 through JMS--	With a Heart in My Song	Allan Holdsworth
performer	Observator is the sixth album by The Raveonettes, and was released September 11, 2012.	Observator	The Raveonettes
performer	Shall We Descend is the third album by progressive rock band The Jelly Jam.	Shall We Descend	The Jelly Jam
performer	Son of a Bitches Brew is an album by Acid Mothers Temple & the Melting Paraiso U.F.O. released by Riot Season in 2012.	Son of a Bitches Brew	Acid Mothers Temple
performer	Piel de Ángel (Skin of Angel) is the thirteenth album from Mexican pop music singer and actress Lucero.	Piel de Ángel	Lucero
performer	``Rock Me Amadeus'' is a 1985 song by Austrian musician Falco from his album Falco 3.	Rock Me Amadeus	Falco
performer	Lei, gli amici e tutto il resto (She, friends and everything else), is the fourth studio album by Italian singer-songwriter Nek.	Lei, gli amici e tutto il resto	Nek
performer	Heaven Help the Child is the 1973 album by country singer-songwriter Mickey Newbury.	Heaven Help the Child	Mickey Newbury
performer	Ëmëhntëhtt-Ré is the tenth studio album by the French progressive rock group Magma.	Ëmëhntëhtt-Ré	Magma
performer	``One Vision'' is a song written and recorded by the British rock band Queen, first released as a single in November 1985 and then included on their 1986 album A Kind of Magic.	One Vision	Queen
performer	Poet, Fool or Bum is a 1973 album by musician Lee Hazlewood.	Poet, Fool or Bum	Lee Hazlewood
performer	Ms. Vocalist is the ninth studio album by American singer-songwriter/actress Debbie Gibson.	Ms. Vocalist	Debbie Gibson
performer	Cervantine is A Hawk and a Hacksaw's fifth studio album, and the first to be released on the new label, L.M. Dupli-cation.	Cervantine	A Hawk and a Hacksaw
performer	Taking Flight is the fourth studio album by Filipino singer Sarah Geronimo, released on July 25, 2007 under VIVA Records.	Taking Flight	Sarah Geronimo
performer	product # bvcd 3482 (love gift) or Love Gift is the third and final studio album by the Christian alternative rock band Breakfast with Amy, released in 1992.	Love Gift	Breakfast with Amy
performer	Shadowbox is a DVD and accompanying EP by The Crüxshadows.	Shadowbox	The Crüxshadows
performer	Jazz ist anders (Jazz is Different) is Die Ärzte's eleventh full-length studio album since Debil.	Jazz ist anders	Die Ärzte
performer	Fiction and Fact is the first full length album from Korean band Beast.	Fiction and Fact	Beast
performer	``Romansyia'' ``(Romance)'' is a song recorded by the Lebanese singer Amal Hijazi in 2002 and released as a single in 2003, from Hijazi's album Zaman and produced by Dilara Master Production.	Romansyia	Amal Hijazi
performer	``Ghetto Romance'' is a 2000 song by British R&B group Damage.	Ghetto Romance	Damage
performer	A Day of Renew is an album in 2003 by Bada.	A Day of Renew	Bada
performer	El Verano más Triste (Eng.: The Saddest Summer) is a song written and performed by Spanish singer Carlos Berlanga, was produced by Luis Carlos Esteban and included on his first solo album El Angel Exterminador in 1990 .	El Verano más Triste	Carlos Berlanga
performer	``Dancing the Night Away'' is the debut single by English rock band The Motors, released as the lead single from their 1977 debut studio album 1.	Dancing the Night Away	The Motors
performer	``It's Okay (One Blood)'' is a song by American rapper and West Coast hip hop artist The Game featuring vocals from reggae singer Junior Reid, from his second studio album Doctor's Advocate.	It's Okay (One Blood)	Game	Junior Reid
performer	Sword's Song is the second studio album released by the Finnish heavy metal band Battlelore, released in 2003.	Sword's Song	Battlelore
performer	Así soy, is a music album of 2004, made by the Venezuelan Oscar D'León with the seal Sony music, album of Salsa music.	Así soy	Oscar D'León
performer	Vision Swim is a noise album by Growing released in 2007.	Vision Swim	Growing
performer	A Raccoons Lunch was a compilation by Joe 90 of demos from the bands inception, unreleased masters and songs recorded for movies.	A Raccoons Lunch	Joe 90
performer	``Your Surrender'' is the third single from American rock band Neon Trees' debut album Habits.	Your Surrender	Neon Trees
performer	Urkraft (English: Primordial Force) is the third album by Swedish viking metal band Thyrfing.	Urkraft	Thyrfing
performer	Staring at the Cellophane is the sixth Jandek album, and his third of 1982.	Staring at the Cellophane	Jandek
performer	Enayyah Bethebbak (``My Eyes Love You''; Egyptian Arabic: عينيا بتحبك, IPA: (ʕeˈnæjjæ betˈħebbæk)) is the second full-length studio album by Tamer Hosny, released at the end of 2005.	Enayyah Bethebbak	Tamer Hosny
performer	Patruns is an album composed, performed and recorded by Ron Geesin.	Patruns	Ron Geesin
performer	In on the Kill Taker is the third full-length studio album by the American post-hardcore band Fugazi.	In on the Kill Taker	Fugazi
performer	Byablue is an album on the Impulse label by jazz pianist Keith Jarrett's 'American Quartet'.	Byablue	Keith Jarrett
performer	``Pakai Buang'' is a song by Malaysian pop singer Stacy taken from her first studio album, Aku Stacy which was fully composed and written by Edry KRU.	Pakai Buang	Stacy
performer	``When Tomorrow Comes'' is a song recorded by British pop music duo Eurythmics.	When Tomorrow Comes	Eurythmics
performer	Grand Caravan to the Rim of the World is the second studio album from American indie hip hop group 3 Melancholy Gypsys.	Grand Caravan to the Rim of the World	3 Melancholy Gypsys
performer	Travelling the Face of the Globe is the fourth studio album released by London, England based experimental band Oi Va Voi.	Travelling the Face of the Globe	Oi Va Voi
performer	``In Your Care'' is the second single released by singer-songwriter Tasmin Archer.	In Your Care	Tasmin Archer
performer	``We Should Be Lovers'' is the second single taken from the Royseven album You Say, We Say.	We Should Be Lovers	Royseven
performer	``Get It On Tonite'' was the lead single released from Montell Jordan's fourth album, Get It On...	Get It On Tonite	Montell Jordan
performer	Can't Resist is a single from Scottish band Texas and the second to be taken from their album Red Book.	Can't Resist	Texas
performer	Stretchin' Out is a 1983 studio album by a trio led by the late clarinetist Kenny Davern, along with Chuck Riggs and Dick Wellstood.	Stretchin' Out	Kenny Davern
performer	``Sandcastle Disco'' is a song by American R&B recording artist Solange Knowles taken from her second album, Sol-Angel and the Hadley St. Dreams (2008).	Sandcastle Disco	Solange Knowles
performer	Hallelujah Hits is the fourth and final album by the London Boys although it was titled to the New London Boys.	Hallelujah Hits	London Boys
performer	Live at Symphonica in Rosso is the third live album by Dutch singer Anouk.	Live at Symphonica in Rosso	Anouk
performer	Wrecking Your Neck is a 2-disc live album released by the thrash metal band Overkill in 1995.	Wrecking Your Neck	Overkill
performer	Revolución (English: Revolution) is the sixth studio album by Spanish power metal band WarCry.	Revolución	WarCry
performer	Scraps at Midnight is the third solo album by former Screaming Trees vocalist Mark Lanegan.	Scraps at Midnight	Mark Lanegan
performer	``Einstein on the Beach (For an Eggman)'' is a song recorded by Counting Crows from the album DGC Rarities Vol. 1.	Einstein on the Beach (For an Eggman)	Counting Crows
performer	It's Never Been Like That is the third studio album by French alternative rock band Phoenix.	It's Never Been Like That	Phoenix
performer	Sincerity Is an Easy Disguise in This Business is the third full-length album released by the melodic hardcore band Evergreen Terrace.	Sincerity Is an Easy Disguise in This Business	Evergreen Terrace
performer	B/E/A/T/B/O/X is the second studio album by American electronic music duo Glass Candy, released in November 2007 by Italians Do It Better.	B/E/A/T/B/O/X	Glass Candy
performer	``Break Ya Neck'' is the first single by American rapper Busta Rhymes from his fifth album Genesis (2001).	Break Ya Neck	Busta Rhymes
performer	How Can We Hang On to a Dream? is a song composed and recorded by Tim Hardin.	How Can We Hang On to a Dream?	Tim Hardin
performer	``Mecha Love'' is the first single by British grime band Hadouken! from their third studio album Every Weekend.	Mecha Love	Hadouken
performer	Juslisen (Just Listen) is Musiq Soulchild's second album, released in 2002.	Juslisen	Musiq Soulchild
performer	``Igranka'' is a song recorded by the Montenegrin hip-hop duo Who See.	Igranka	Who See
performer	You're for Me is an album by American country music artist Buck Owens, released in 1962.	You're for Me	Buck Owens
performer	Two Dancers is the second studio album by British indie rock band Wild Beasts.	Two Dancers	Wild Beasts
performer	Two Kinds of Laughter is the sixth album by the American singer/songwriter Sara Hickman, released in 1998.	Two Kinds of Laughter	Sara Hickman
performer	Warm Hand is the debut solo album by New Zealand songwriter Don McGlashan.	Warm Hand	Don McGlashan
performer	``Walkaway Lover'' is a pop song performed by Australian actress/singer Toni Pearen, released as the third single from her debut album Intimate in October 1994.	Walkaway Lover	Toni Pearen
performer	Danko/Fjeld/Andersen was the first of two albums featuring the multi-national folk trio of Rick Danko (Canada), Jonas Fjeld (Norway) and Eric Andersen (United States).	Danko/Fjeld/Andersen	Rick Danko
performer	Horses and High Heels is the 19th solo album release by British singer and songwriter Marianne Faithfull.	Horses and High Heels	Marianne Faithfull
performer	Play Pause Stop is a 2006 album from the Benevento/Russo Duo.	Play Pause Stop	Benevento/Russo Duo
performer	Even Worse is the fifth studio album by ``Weird Al'' Yankovic, released in 1988.	Even Worse	Weird Al'' Yankovic
performer	``Opportunity Nox'' is the only single from Swedish pop duo Roxette's 2003 compilation album The Pop Hits.	Opportunity Nox	Roxette
performer	One Flight Up is an album by American jazz saxophonist Dexter Gordon recorded in 1964 in Paris and released on the Blue Note label.	One Flight Up	Dexter Gordon
performer	``We R One'' is the first and only single from British brother and sister duo Same Difference' debut studio album, Pop. The song was also the duo's debut single.	We R One	Same Difference
performer	Folkémon is the tenth studio album by the British folk metal band Skyclad.	Folkémon	Skyclad
performer	``Bootylicious'' is a song by American R&B group Destiny's Child.	Bootylicious	Destiny's Child
performer	``That's When I Reach for My Revolver'' is a song by Mission of Burma that was written and sung by band member Clint Conley.	That's When I Reach for My Revolver	Mission of Burma
performer	Maladjusted is the sixth studio album by English alternative rock singer Morrissey, released on 11 August 1997 by record label Island.	Maladjusted	Morrissey
performer	``Stuck on Replay'' is a song by German electronic dance band Scooter.	Stuck on Replay	Scooter
performer	Live Scenes from New York is a 3 disc live album by progressive metal/rock band Dream Theater, recorded on August 30, 2000, at the Roseland Ballroom in New York City.	Live Scenes from New York	Dream Theater
performer	One Shot Deal is an album by Frank Zappa, posthumously released on June 13, 2008.	One Shot Deal	Frank Zappa
performer	Of the Blue Colour of the Sky is the third studio album by American alternative rock band OK Go.	Of the Blue Colour of the Sky	OK Go
performer	A Modern Way of Living with the Truth is the fourth and currently final studio album by The Exies.	A Modern Way of Living with the Truth	The Exies
performer	The Looks is the debut album by MSTRKRFT, released on July 18, 2006.	The Looks	MSTRKRFT
performer	``Down with the Clique'' is a song written and produced by R. Kelly for R&B singer Aaliyah's debut album Age Ain't Nothing but a Number.	Down with the Clique	Aaliyah
performer	``Why Can't I?'' is a song by American pop rock artist Liz Phair.	Why Can't I?	Liz Phair
performer	Dança Dos Escravos is a solo album by Brazilian composer and guitarist Egberto Gismonti recorded in 1988 and released on the ECM label.	Dança Dos Escravos	Egberto Gismonti
performer	The Art of Doing Nothing is the fourth studio album from Take That band member and singer-songwriter Mark Owen.	The Art of Doing Nothing	Mark Owen
performer	Kissing the Future of Love (traditional Chinese: 親親; simplified Chinese: 亲亲; literally: ``kiss kiss'') is Malaysian Chinese Mandopop artist Fish Leong's (Chinese: 梁靜茹) eighth Mandarin studio album.	Kissing the Future of Love	Fish Leong
performer	Class Guitar is the title of a recording by guitarist Chet Atkins.	Class Guitar	Chet Atkins
performer	The G Filez is the third album by Vallejo, California rapper, Celly Cel.	The G Filez	Celly Cel
performer	Mashooq is the fourth album released by Punjabi Bhangra artist Kulwinder Dhillon.	Mashooq	Kulwinder Dhillon
performer	``911 Is a Joke'' is a 1990 song by American hip hop group Public Enemy, from their third album, Fear of a Black Planet.	911 Is a Joke	Public Enemy
performer	Broadcasting... is the third album by Canadian Hardcore punk band Comeback Kid.	Broadcasting...	Comeback Kid
performer	``Makin' Out'' is the first single to be released from Take That band member Mark Owen's independently released third solo album, How the Mighty Fall.	Makin' Out	Mark Owen
performer	A Little Messed Up is the third studio album by pop-punk band The Dollyrots.	A Little Messed Up	The Dollyrots
performer	Ballads of the Day is an original jazz compilation by Nat King Cole.	Ballads of the Day	Nat King Cole
performer	``SMS (Bangerz)'' is a song by American singer Miley Cyrus featuring Britney Spears for Cyrus' fourth studio album Bangerz (2013).	SMS (Bangerz)	Britney Spears
performer	Life Enigma is an album by French Jazz-Fusion artist Jean-Luc Ponty, released in 2001.	Life Enigma	Jean-Luc Ponty
performer	Black Hand Side is a song by Queen Latifah, released as a single in 1993, taken from her album Black Reign.	Black Hand Side	Queen Latifah
performer	Productions brought together long time Monks fan Alec Empire and the original Monks singer Gary Burger to collaborate on an updated version of the classic ``Monk Time''.	Monk Time	Alec Empire
performer	``Mentiroso'' (Eng.: Liar) is the first single released internationally by Enrique Iglesias from his fourth full-Spanish album, Quizás.	Mentiroso	Enrique Iglesias
performer	No Brakes is a 1984 album by John Waite and was released in June 1984 the United States on the EMI America label.	No Brakes	John Waite
performer	``Ghost Showers'' is the second single from the album Bulletproof Wallets by Ghostface Killah.	Ghost Showers	Ghostface Killah
performer	Rock a Little is the third studio album by American singer-songwriter and Fleetwood Mac vocalist Stevie Nicks.	Rock a Little	Stevie Nicks
performer	The Age of Fear is the ninth studio album of Italian thrash metal band Necrodeath.	The Age of Fear	Necrodeath
performer	``Chcem sa s tebou deliť'' (in English transcribed as ``I Wanna Share with You'') is a song by the female singer Marika Gombitová released on OPUS in 1981.	Chcem sa s tebou deliť	Marika Gombitová
performer	``Fuck the Industry'' (censored as ``F**k the Industry'') is a song recorded by American recording artist Solange Knowles.	Fuck the Industry	Solange Knowles
performer	``Let the Dream Come True'' is a song by Swiss artist DJ BoBo.	Let the Dream Come True	DJ BoBo
performer	``It's for You'' is a song written by John Lennon and Paul McCartney of the Beatles for Cilla Black for whom it was a UK Top Ten hit in 1964.	It's for You	Cilla Black
performer	Ese Que Va Por Ahí is the 2nd album by British-Venezuelan singer-songwriter Jeremías released on May 2, 2006.	Ese Que Va Por Ahí	Jeremías
performer	Ophelia's Shadow was the fourth solo album by Toyah Willcox, and showcases a new direction in her work.	Ophelia's Shadow	Toyah Willcox
performer	Posłuchaj to do Ciebie is the second album by Polish punk rock band Kult.	Posłuchaj to do Ciebie	Kult
performer	Surviving You, Always is the debut album of post-hardcore band Saccharine Trust, released in 1984 through SST.	Surviving You, Always	Saccharine Trust
performer	Shakin' Like a Human Being is the second solo album by Canadian singer and guitarist Kim Mitchell.	Shakin' Like a Human Being	Kim Mitchell
performer	``Stir Me Up'' is an English R&B song by Belgian-Turkish singer Hadise from her debut album Sweat.	Stir Me Up	Hadise
performer	``Stranger by the Minute'' is a single by British progressive rock band Porcupine Tree, released in October 1999, from the Stupid Dream album.	Stranger by the Minute	Porcupine Tree
performer	Tam, de nas nema (Ukrainian: Там, де нас нема; Wherever We Aren't) is the debut studio album of the popular Ukrainian rock group Okean Elzy.	Tam, de nas nema	Okean Elzy
performer	``Ne partez pas sans moi'' (``Don't Leave Without Me'') is the Swiss winning entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1988, performed by Celine Dion.	Ne partez pas sans moi	Celine Dion
performer	``50 to a Pound'' is the second single to be taken from the debut album First Comes First by Kingston upon Hull band The Paddingtons, released on 11 July 2005.	50 to a Pound	The Paddingtons
performer	``The Revenant Choir'' is Versailles first single and was released in three different versions, each with a different cover.	The Revenant Choir	Versailles
performer	Str8 Out da Slums is a collaborative album from Lil' Keke and The Jacka of the Mob Figaz.	Str8 Out da Slums	Lil' Keke
performer	``Don't Forget to Remember'' also called Don't Forget to Remember Me is a country ballad recorded by the Bee Gees, from the album Cucumber Castle.	Don't Forget to Remember	Bee Gees
performer	Brooklynati is the third release from rap group Tanya Morgan, released by Interdependent Media/iM Culture.	Brooklynati	Tanya Morgan
performer	``Bodyheat'' (sometimes spelled ``Body Heat'') is a song recorded by James Brown.	Bodyheat	James Brown
performer	``10538 Overture'', released in 1972, was the first single by The Electric Light Orchestra (ELO).	10538 Overture	Electric Light Orchestra
performer	West Side Stories is the twelfth studio album by a Grammy Award nominated composer, keyboardist and pioneer of the smooth jazz genre, Jeff Lorber, released on Verve Forecast in 1994.	West Side Stories	Jeff Lorber
performer	``I Need Some Fine Wine and You, You Need to Be Nicer'' was the first single from The Cardigans' sixth album Super Extra Gravity.	I Need Some Fine Wine and You, You Need to Be Nicer	The Cardigans
performer	Beggars Banquet is the seventh British and ninth American studio album by English rock band The Rolling Stones.	Beggars Banquet	The Rolling Stones
performer	In a World Like This is the eighth studio album (seventh in the United States) by the Backstreet Boys, released in 2013 through the band's own record label K-BAHN.	In a World Like This	Backstreet Boys
performer	Can't Stop Dreaming is a 1996 solo album by Daryl Hall.	Can't Stop Dreaming	Daryl Hall
performer	``By the Time This Night Is Over'' is a song by Kenny G, featuring Peabo Bryson, released as a single from his album Breathless, in 1993.	By the Time This Night Is Over	Kenny G	Peabo Bryson
performer	``My Man and the Devil on His Shoulder'' is a song by Belgian-Turkish R&B singer Hadise.	My Man and the Devil on His Shoulder	Hadise
performer	Obliteration Pie is an album by Robyn Hitchcock, released in Japan in 2005.	Obliteration Pie	Robyn Hitchcock
performer	Sound of Sexy Soul is the second album by American soul group The Delfonics, released in 1969 on the Philly Groove label.	Sound of Sexy Soul	The Delfonics
performer	``Take a Letter Maria'' is a song written and recorded by R. B. Greaves, an American soul singer.	Take a Letter Maria	R. B. Greaves
performer	The Earth Sings Mi Fa Mi is the second and final studio album by Boston experimental rock band The Receiving End of Sirens.	The Earth Sings Mi Fa Mi	The Receiving End of Sirens
performer	A Lethal Dose of American Hatred is the second and final album by heavy metal band Superjoint Ritual.	A Lethal Dose of American Hatred	Superjoint Ritual
performer	Under the Boards is the sixth studio album by the American rock band Saves the Day, released on October 30, 2007.	Under the Boards	Saves the Day
performer	Revés/Yo Soy (Backwards/I Am - note that ``Yo Soy'' is a palindrome) is the fourth album by Café Tacuba.	Revés/Yo Soy	Café Tacuba
performer	Last of the Good Straight Girls is the third album by American singer-songwriter Susan Werner, released in 1995 (see 1995 in music).	Last of the Good Straight Girls	Susan Werner
performer	Back When I Knew It All is the sixth studio album by the American country music duo Montgomery Gentry.	Back When I Knew It All	Montgomery Gentry
performer	Power of the Dollar is the unreleased debut studio album by American hip hop recording artist 50 Cent.	Power of the Dollar	50 Cent
performer	``Magic Hollow'' is a song by American rock group The Beau Brummels, from the band's fourth album, 1967's Triangle.	Magic Hollow	The Beau Brummels
performer	First Grand Constitution and Bylaws is the debut studio album by American experimental rock band Secret Chiefs 3.	First Grand Constitution and Bylaws	Secret Chiefs 3
performer	Cardiff Rose is a solo studio album by American singer/songwriter and ex-The Byrds frontman Roger McGuinn, released in 1976.	Cardiff Rose	Roger McGuinn
performer	``Be a Boy'' is a song by English singer-songwriter Robbie Williams, taken from his ninth studio album, Take the Crown.	Be a Boy	Robbie Williams
performer	Rock 'n Roll Stage Show is the fourth album of rock and roll music by Bill Haley and His Comets.	Rock 'n Roll Stage Show	Bill Haley and His Comets
performer	Ooh, That Could Cost Him the Gold, Bob! is the fourth studio album by Canadian country music artist Chris Cummings.	Ooh, That Could Cost Him the Gold, Bob!	Chris Cummings
performer	Terror & Magnificence is a 1997 album by John Harle, featuring Elvis Costello and others.	Terror & Magnificence	John Harle
performer	``Angel of Harlem'' is a song by Irish rock group U2.	Angel of Harlem	U2
performer	Black Rivers Flow is the second album by the Wisconsin thrash metal band Lazarus A.D..	Black Rivers Flow	Lazarus A.D.
performer	``Now You're Not Here'' is a song from Swing Out Sister's fifth album Shapes and Patterns, was used as the theme to a Japanese TV program, and received a Japanese 'Grand Prix' (the equivalent of a Grammy Award) for best international single in 1997.	Now You're Not Here	Swing Out Sister
performer	The Allegheny White Fish Tapes is ``a mind melting collection of Tobacco's early tapes from 1996-1999.	The Allegheny White Fish Tapes	Tobacco
performer	``It Only Hurts When I Cry'' is a song co-written by American country music artists Dwight Yoakam and Roger Miller, and recorded by Yoakam.	It Only Hurts When I Cry	Dwight Yoakam
performer	``Shout and Shimmy'' is an R&B song written by James Brown, and recorded by him and The Famous Flames.	Shout and Shimmy	James Brown	The Famous Flames
performer	In a New Setting is an album by vibraphonist Milt Jackson featuring McCoy Tyner recorded in 1964 and released on the Limelight label.	In a New Setting	Milt Jackson
performer	También Yo (English: So am I or So do I) is the first studio album by the Mexican pop singer Daniela Romo.	También Yo	Daniela Romo
performer	``We Dance On'' is a song performed by British hip hop group N-Dubz, released as the group's eleventh overall single and the lead single from their third studio album, Love.Live.Life.	We Dance On	N-Dubz
performer	``I Get Up'' was a single that was released in 2003 by Australian band INXS.	I Get Up	INXS
performer	Angus Hudson is a fictional character from the ITV drama Upstairs, Downstairs, portrayed by actor Gordon Jackson from 1971 until 1975.	Angus Hudson	Gordon Jackson
performer	``¡Que Vida!'' is a song written by Arthur Lee and first released in 1967 by the band Love.	¡Que Vida!	Love
performer	``Beat Surrender'' was The Jam's final single released on 26 November 1982.	Beat Surrender	The Jam
performer	In the Good Old Days (When Times Were Bad) is the third solo studio album by Dolly Parton, released in February 1969.	In the Good Old Days (When Times Were Bad)	Dolly Parton
performer	``It's Not Right but It's Okay'' is a song by American singer Whitney Houston, from her fourth studio album My Love Is Your Love.	It's Not Right but It's Okay	Whitney Houston
performer	Against the World is the third studio album by deathcore band Winds of Plague.	Against the World	Winds of Plague
performer	Hadiah Daripada Hati is the twelfth studio album by Malaysian pop singer-songwriter Dato' Siti Nurhaliza which was released on 10 December 2007.	Hadiah Daripada Hati	Siti Nurhaliza
performer	Song in the Air is the third album by American emo band Elliott.	Song in the Air	Elliott
performer	The Butcher and the Butterfly is the third studio album by English alternative rock band Queenadreena, released in May 2005 though One Little Indian and Imperial Records.	The Butcher and the Butterfly	Queenadreena
performer	``She's Not You'' is a 1962 song recorded by Elvis Presley and published by Gladys Music, Elvis Presley's publishing company.	She's Not You	Elvis Presley
performer	``Do Right Woman, Do Right Man'' (also written ``Do Right Woman -- Do Right Man'') is a single by Aretha Franklin.	Do Right Woman, Do Right Man	Aretha Franklin
performer	Flesh on Flesh is a 2002 album by Italian-American jazz fusion and Latin jazz guitarist Al Di Meola.	Flesh on Flesh	Al Di Meola
performer	``Do It Again (Put Ya Hands Up)'' is the lead single from rapper Jay-Z's fourth album Vol. 3...	Do It Again (Put Ya Hands Up)	Jay-Z
performer	Fake History is the second album by Los Angeles band Letlive.	Fake History	Letlive
performer	``Big Chips'' is a 2004 song by R&B singer R. Kelly and rapper Jay-Z. It was also co-written by the song producers, Poke and Tone and Alexander Mosley.	Big Chips	R. Kelly
performer	100% Lena was released in 2002 and is a compilation album by Swedish pop singer Lena Philipsson.	100% Lena	Lena Philipsson
performer	``Tail of Hope'' is a song recorded by South Korean singer BoA, released on June 26, 2013.	Tail of Hope	BoA
performer	Diabolical Conquest is the third studio album by the American death metal band Incantation.	Diabolical Conquest	Incantation
performer	Pokreni se (English translation: Move Yourself) is an extended play (EP) by Bosnian rapper Frenkie.	Pokreni se	Frenkie
performer	``Can't Wait Another Minute'' is a 1986 hit single by British pop group Five Star, peaking at number 7 on the UK Singles Chart and giving them their highest ever peak of 41 on the Billboard Hot 100 in the United States where it also reached number 7 on the Hot R&B chart.	Can't Wait Another Minute	Five Star
performer	``Alpha Beta Gaga'' is an electronica song by Air from the album Talkie Walkie.	Alpha Beta Gaga	Air
performer	Musically, ``Dressin' Up'' incorporates the styles of electro and dance-rock, along with a prominent electronic dance production.	Dressin' Up	dance-rock
performer	The Mafia Stole My Guitar is the second album produced by Alex Harvey.	The Mafia Stole My Guitar	Alex Harvey
performer	``Better Than a Hallelujah'' is a digital MP3 single released in 2010 (see 2010 in music) to promote Amy Grant's album Somewhere Down the Road, which was also released in 2010.	Better Than a Hallelujah	Amy Grant
performer	Môj malý príbeh (English: My Little Story) is the second solo album by Marika Gombitová released on OPUS in 1981.	Môj malý príbeh	Marika Gombitová
performer	Brindo a La Vida, Al Bolero, A Ti is a 1992 album by Vikki Carr that was nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Latin Pop Recording.	Brindo a La Vida, Al Bolero, A Ti	Vikki Carr
performer	``Calling Your Name'' is the debut single by British pop singer Marilyn.	Calling Your Name	Marilyn
performer	Megadef is Los Angeles underground rap group Styles of Beyond's second studio album, which was released on Spytech Records on September 9, 2003 after their 1998 installment 2000 Fold.	Megadef	Styles of Beyond
performer	``Falling Slowly'' is a song in the indie folk and indie rock genres that was written, composed, and performed by Glen Hansard and Markéta Irglová.	Falling Slowly	Glen Hansard	Markéta Irglová
performer	Far Wes is a reissue of Montgomeryland, the second album by American jazz guitarist Wes Montgomery, released in 1958.	Far Wes	Wes Montgomery
performer	``Vohon chy lid (Vse ne te)'' (Ukrainian: Вогонь чи лід (Все не те), English: Fire or Ice) is a pop song recorded by Ukrainian popsinger Ruslana, written by her and Oleksander Ksenofotov and co-produced by Ruslana herself.	Vohon chy lid	Ruslana
performer	Mondo Medicale is the second full-length album by American death metal/goregrind band Impaled.	Mondo Medicale	Impaled
performer	``No Expectations'' is a song by British rock and roll band The Rolling Stones featured on their 1968 album Beggars Banquet.	No Expectations	The Rolling Stones
performer	Voices Within is a 1999 (see 1999 in music) album by Ilse Huizinga.	Voices Within	Ilse Huizinga
performer	``Won't Go Home Without You'' is a ballad and the third single released from Maroon 5's second album, It Won't Be Soon Before Long (2007).	Won't Go Home Without You	Maroon 5
performer	Just Testing is the tenth studio album by the British rock band Wishbone Ash, released in 1980.	Just Testing	Wishbone Ash
performer	It was first released commercially by Billy Joel, under the title ``To Make You Feel My Love'', before Dylan's version appeared later that same year.	Make You Feel My Love	Billy Joel
performer	What a Feelin' is the second album by American singer-songwriter Irene Cara and her most successful album to date.	What a Feelin'	Irene Cara
performer	Tut Tut, Now Shake Ya Butt is a studio album by American experimental punk band Japanther.	Tut Tut, Now Shake Ya Butt	Japanther
performer	Undiluted is an album by jazz pianist Wynton Kelly recorded in 1965 and released on the Verve label featuring performances by Kelly with Paul Chambers and Jimmy Cobb with flautist Rudy Stevenson added on one track.	Undiluted	Wynton Kelly
performer	Rise to It is a song by the American hard rock band Kiss, released on the band's fifteenth studio album, Hot in the Shade in 1989.	Rise to It	Kiss
performer	Boy with Lots of Brass is a 1957 album by Canadian jazz trumpeter Maynard Ferguson featuring singer Irene Kral.	Boy with Lots of Brass	Maynard Ferguson	Irene Kral
performer	``Sheena Is a Punk Rocker'' is a song by the punk rock group Ramones.	Sheena Is a Punk Rocker	Ramones
performer	``Bimbo Nation'' is the second single from TV Rock's debut album Sunshine City.	Bimbo Nation	TV Rock
performer	BLAQ Style is the first full-length album by South Korean boy band MBLAQ, and was released by J.Tune Camp on January 10, 2011 at 11 AM KST.	BLAQ Style	MBLAQ
performer	Guitararama is the first studio album by Stephen Dale Petit released on June 2, 2008.	Guitararama	Stephen Dale Petit
performer	Howl On the fourth solo studio album by Bap Kennedy, was released on August 3, 2009 (see 2009 in music) on Kennedy's new label, Lonely Street Discs.	Howl On	Bap Kennedy
performer	On and On and Beyond is the debut extended play by American rapper Mac Miller.	On and On and Beyond	Mac Miller
performer	Soundtrack to a Revolution is the sixth full-length (and latest) album by the Christian ska band, The Insyderz.	Soundtrack to a Revolution	The Insyderz
performer	At War with Satan is the third album by extreme metal band Venom, released in April 1984.	At War with Satan	Venom
performer	``Loving You Is Killing Me'' is a song by American singer Aloe Blacc, with music and lyrics by Jeffrey Scott Silverman, Leon Marcus Michels, Clay Wells Holley, Nicholas Anthony Movshon and E. Nathaniel Dawkins and produced by Leon Michels and Jeff Dynamite.	Loving You Is Killing Me	Aloe Blacc
performer	Zoo TV Live is a live album by the Irish rock band U2.	Zoo TV Live	U2
performer	Glitter 4 Your Soul is the debut solo album by Poison drummer Rikki Rockett, released in 2003 (and reissued in 2008).	Glitter 4 Your Soul	Rikki Rockett
performer	Chase This Light is the sixth studio album by American alternative rock band Jimmy Eat World, released on October 16, 2007 through Interscope.	Chase This Light	Jimmy Eat World
performer	``Contigo hasta el final'' (Spanish pronunciation: (konˈtiɣo ˈasta el fiˈnal), ``With you until the end''), is a song written and performed by Spanish band El Sueño de Morfeo.	Contigo hasta el final	El Sueño de Morfeo
performer	``The Man Who Never Lied'' is a song recorded by American band Maroon 5 for their fourth studio album Overexposed (2012).	The Man Who Never Lied	Maroon 5
performer	``Roma-Bangkok'' is a song recorded by Italian rapper Baby K, with vocals from Italian singer Giusy Ferreri, for her second studio album Kiss Kiss Bang Bang (2015).	Roma-Bangkok	Baby K	Giusy Ferreri
performer	Recurse is the debut studio album released by American electro-industrial band Finite Automata.	Recurse	Finite Automata
performer	``Say Just Words'' is a single by Paradise Lost from their 1997 album One Second.	Say Just Words	Paradise Lost
performer	The Memory of Trees is the fourth studio album from the by Irish musician Enya, released in December 1995 on WEA Records.	The Memory of Trees	Enya
performer	Dinner Music is an album by American composer, bandleader and keyboardist Carla Bley recorded in 1976 and released on the Watt/ECM label in 1977.	Dinner Music	Carla Bley
performer	``Get in Line'' is a song by the Canadian alternative rock group Barenaked Ladies.	Get in Line	Barenaked Ladies
performer	Quiet Exit is the 2006 debut album of Norwegian singer-songwriter Elvira Nikolaisen.	Quiet Exit	Elvira Nikolaisen
performer	Timeless Love is a studio album of standards by Smokey Robinson, released through New Door Records in 2006.	Timeless Love	Smokey Robinson
performer	Hatred, Passions and Infidelity is the second album from hip hop producer and emcee Diamond D, released five years after his acclaimed debut, Stunts, Blunts and Hip Hop.	Hatred, Passions and Infidelity	Diamond D
performer	In That Water is the second album released by the Ghetto Twiinz.	In That Water	Ghetto Twiinz
performer	Sounds...and Stuff Like That!! is a 1978 studio album by Quincy Jones.	Sounds...and Stuff Like That!!	Quincy Jones
performer	Spirit of the Boogie is the highly successful sixth studio album released in 1975 by Kool & the Gang.	Spirit of the Boogie	Kool & the Gang
performer	Time to Win, Vol. 2 is an album by Canadian rap rock band Down with Webster.	Time to Win, Vol. 2	Down with Webster
performer	Asunder, Sweet and Other Distress (Stylized as 'Asunder, Sweet and Other Distress') is the fifth studio album by Canadian post-rock band Godspeed You! Black Emperor, released on 31 March 2015.	Asunder, Sweet and Other Distress	Godspeed You! Black Emperor
performer	Pink Friday is the debut studio album by Trinidadian-American recording artist Nicki Minaj, released on November 19, 2010, by Young Money, Cash Money and Universal Motown.	Pink Friday	Nicki Minaj
performer	Para Innocens is a CD project made by Daniel Sarcos in 1998 for Fundacion Innocens, a charity made to raise awareness for children who have HIV.	Para Innocens	Daniel Sarcos
performer	Man with the Hat is an album by American jazz saxophonists Grace Kelly and Phil Woods.	Man with the Hat	Grace Kelly
performer	Summer of '78 is an album by singer-songwriter Barry Manilow, released in 1996.	Summer of '78	Barry Manilow
performer	Enssa is a 2004 Arabic music album by Moustafa Amar.	Enssa	Moustafa Amar
performer	``Everything Is Embarrassing'' is a song by American recording artist Sky Ferreira for her second extended play (EP) Ghost (2012).	Everything Is Embarrassing	Sky Ferreira
performer	The Haunted Melody is the title of Yes guitarist Steve Howe's seventeenth solo album.	The Haunted Melody	Steve Howe
performer	``Get Outta My Way'' is a song recorded by Australian recording artist Kylie Minogue for her eleventh studio album Aphrodite (2010).	Get Outta My Way	Kylie Minogue
performer	``When She's Near'' is the first single from the Jon Foreman/Sean Watkins collaboration Fiction Family's debut eponymous album.	When She's Near	Fiction Family
performer	``I'll Take Her'' was the second single released from Ill Al Skratch's debut album, Creep wit' Me.	I'll Take Her	Ill Al Skratch
performer	``The Unnamed Feeling'' is the third single by heavy metal band Metallica, taken from the eighth studio album St. Anger.	The Unnamed Feeling	Metallica
performer	American Apathy is the fourth studio album by nu metal band Dope.	American Apathy	Dope
performer	Culture Vultures is a 2007 indie rock album by American band Orson.	Culture Vultures	Orson
performer	Külmale maale is an album released in 1989 by an Estonian punk rock band J.M.K.E. It consists of songs written by Villu Tamme in the 1980s.	Külmale maale	J.M.K.E.
performer	``Back Like That'' is the second single by rapper Ghostface Killah from his critically acclaimed fifth solo album Fishscale.	Back Like That	Ghostface Killah
performer	Short Cut Draw Blood is the third studio album by the British musician Jim Capaldi.	Short Cut Draw Blood	Jim Capaldi
performer	Tea for the Tillerman is the fourth studio album by the singer-songwriter Cat Stevens.	Tea for the Tillerman	Cat Stevens
performer	In a New Age was released in 1988, the first recording released by singer-songwriter Mickey Newbury since 1981's After All These Years.	In a New Age	Mickey Newbury
performer	``Time in a Bottle'' is a hit single by singer-songwriter Jim Croce.	Time in a Bottle	Jim Croce
performer	Douglas Sessions '05 is an album by Boston-based rock group The Lights Out.	Douglas Sessions '05	The Lights Out
performer	``I Don't Blame You'' is a song by the American singer-songwriter, Cat Power (a.k.a. Chan Marshall).	I Don't Blame You	Cat Power
performer	Cyborg Slunks is the twenty-first studio album by Buckethead, released on October 30, 2007.	Cyborg Slunks	Buckethead
performer	A Talonear!! (Let's Walk Around) (2007) is the 26th album by Mexican rock and blues band El Tri, based in Mexico City.	A Talonear	El Tri
performer	``The Thin Ice'' is a song by Pink Floyd, released on The Wall in 1979.	The Thin Ice	Pink Floyd
performer	A Different Kind of Truth is the twelfth studio album by American hard rock band Van Halen.	A Different Kind of Truth	Van Halen
performer	Concert in the Garden is the fourth studio album by American jazz composer, Maria Schneider.	Concert in the Garden	Maria Schneider
performer	Some Call It Godcore is the fifth album released by UK rock band Half Man Half Biscuit in 1995.	Some Call It Godcore	Half Man Half Biscuit
performer	A King in the Kindness Room is the ninth solo album by Australian guitarist and songwriter Ed Kuepper recorded in 1995 and released on the Hot label.	A King in the Kindness Room	Ed Kuepper
performer	The Cross of Changes is the second studio album by the musical project Enigma, released three years after MCMXC a.D..	The Cross of Changes	Enigma
performer	Lepta (Russian: Лепта, English: Contribution) is the second full-length album by the Russian folk metal band Arkona.	Lepta	Arkona
performer	Remember You're a Womble was the second album released by The Wombles.	Remember You're a Womble	The Wombles
performer	K.K.K.K.K. (1998) is the second full-length album from Japanese singer Kahimi Karie, originally released in 1998 on the Cornelius-run Trattoria label.	K.K.K.K.K.	Kahimi Karie
performer	Natural Progression is a 2004 album by the Canadian hip hop group Sweatshop Union.	Natural Progression	Sweatshop Union
performer	``Idee Stupide'' (en:Stupid ideas) is the fourth and last single released by Fabri Fibra from his third solo studio album:	Idee Stupide	Fabri Fibra
performer	The Queen of Hardships (sometimes credited as Queen of Hardships) is the 13th studio album by cantopop singer Prudence Liew.	The Queen of Hardships	Prudence Liew
performer	``Alapaap'' (English: Skies) is a song by the Eraserheads from the album Circus.	Alapaap	Eraserheads
performer	Constant Change is the sixth studio album by Filipino singer-songwriter Jose Mari Chan.	Constant Change	Jose Mari Chan
performer	Blank Unstaring Heirs of Doom is a ``best of'' recording by Jana Hunter in 2005.	Blank Unstaring Heirs of Doom	Jana Hunter
performer	Fear of a Red Planet is a song by the American synthpop band Red Flag.	Fear of a Red Planet	Red Flag
performer	Fatal Design is the fifth studio album by Finnish Gothic metal band, Entwine.	Fatal Design	Entwine
performer	``I Can't Stand Myself (When You Touch Me)'', also known as ``I Can't Stand It'', is a song written and recorded by James Brown in 1967.	I Can't Stand Myself (When You Touch Me)	James Brown
performer	You Can't Stop the Bum Rush is the third studio album and major label debut of Canadian Pop group Len, released on May 25, 1999 by Work Records.	You Can't Stop the Bum Rush	Len
performer	Lost (T)apes is a compilation album by Guano Apes.	Lost (T)apes	Guano Apes
performer	Solonoise 1 is an album by the Japanese noise artist Merzbow.	Solonoise 1	Merzbow
performer	Crystal Mass is the fourth album by The Tear Garden, released four years after To Be an Angel Blind, the Crippled Soul Divide.	Crystal Mass	The Tear Garden
place of death	Isabelle Bogelot (11 May 1838, Paris - 14 June 1923, Boulogne-Billancourt) was a French philanthropist and feminist.	Isabelle Bogelot	Boulogne-Billancourt
place of death	Eugène Leterrier (born 1843, died Paris, 22 December 1884) was a French librettist.	Eugène Leterrier	Paris
place of death	Henry of Bavaria or Henry of the Palatinate (German: Heinrich von der Pfalz) (Heidelberg, 15 February 1487 -- Ladenburg, 3 January 1552) was bishop of Utrecht from 1524 to 1529, bishop of Worms from 1523 to 1552 and bishop of Freising from 1541 to 1552.	Henry of the Palatinate	Ladenburg
place of death	Count Ugo Balzani (6 November 1847 -- 27 February 1916) was an Italian historian, born in Rome and educated there in the universities of that city.	Ugo Balzani	Rome
place of death	Libéral Bruant (ca 1635 - Paris, 22 November 1697), was a French architect best known as the designer of the Hôtel des Invalides, Paris, now dominated by the dome erected by Jules Hardouin Mansart, his collaborator in earlier stages of the construction.	Libéral Bruant	Paris
position held	Peter Menacher (born 29 November 1939 in Augsburg, Germany) was the mayor of Augsburg, Germany for twelve years between 1990 and 2002.	Peter Menacher	mayor
position held	General Carlos Quintanilla Quiroga (Cochabamba, Bolivia, January 22, 1888 -- June 8, 1964) served as the de facto President of Bolivia from August 1939 until April 1940.	Carlos Quintanilla	President of Bolivia
position held	Hans Christian Petersen (11 August 1793 -- 26 September 1862) was a Norwegian politician and served as the de facto Prime minister of Norway during the personal union of Sweden-Norway from 1858 to 1861.	Hans Christian Petersen	minister
position held	Thomas Reibey (24 September 1821 -- 10 February 1912) was an Australian politician and Premier of Tasmania from 20 July 1876 until 9 August 1877.	Thomas Reibey	Premier of Tasmania
position held	Pietro Pace (9 April 1831 - 29 July 1914) was a Maltese archbishop who served as the bishop of Malta from 1889 until his death in 1914.	Pietro Pace	archbishop
position held	John A. Bentley (January 27, 1836--????) was a member of the Wisconsin State Senate.	John A. Bentley	member of the Wisconsin State Senate
position held	Marta Sahagún de Fox (Spanish pronunciation: (ˈmarta sa(a)ˈɣun de foks); born Marta María Sahagún Jiménez on April 10, 1953) served as the First Lady of Mexico from July 2, 2001, when she married President Vicente Fox, until he left office in December 2006.	Marta Sahagún de Fox	First Lady of Mexico
position held	Emil Constantinescu (Romanian pronunciation: (eˈmil konstantiˈnesku); born 19 November 1939) is a Romanian professor and politician, who served as the third President of Romania, from 1996 to 2000.	Emil Constantinescu	President of Romania
position held	Patricia Reid Lindner was a Republican member of the Illinois House of Representatives, representing the 50th district from 1993 until her retirement at the end of her term in 2009.	Patricia Reid Lindner	member of the Illinois House of Representatives
position held	Luigi Mascolo was an Italian former Roman Catholic priest who converted to and became a bishop of the Brazilian Catholic Apostolic Church (ICAB), an independent Catholic Church in Brazil.	Luigi Mascolo	bishop
position held	Josianne Fleming-Artsen (born 1949) is an educator and politician, who served as Minister Plenipotentiary of Sint Maarten from 2014 to 2015 and Deputy Minister Plenipotentiary of Sint Maarten from 2013 to 2014.	Josianne Fleming-Artsen	Minister Plenipotentiary of Sint Maarten
position held	In earlier versions of the Silmarillion legendarium as detailed in the History of Middle-earth series, Orodreth was a more important character, and the original king of Nargothrond.	Orodreth	king
position held	Panagiotis Kanellopoulos or Panayotis Kanellopoulos (Greek: Παναγιώτης Κανελλόπουλος; Patras, Achaea, 13 December 1902 -- Athens, 11 September 1986) was a Greek author, politician and Prime Minister of Greece.	Panagiotis Kanellopoulos	Prime Minister of Greece
position held	Don W. McGeorge (born 1954) is the president and chief operating officer of Kroger.	Don W. McGeorge	chief operating officer
position held	Sylvie Lespérance (December 21, 1954 -- September 22, 2006) was a politician in Quebec, Canada, and the Action démocratique du Québec Member of the National Assembly for the electoral district of Joliette from 2002 to 2003.	Sylvie Lespérance	Member of the National Assembly
position held	Leo Berman (October 21, 1935 -- May 23, 2015) was an American businessman, military officer, and politician from Tyler, Texas who was a Republican member of the Texas House of Representatives for District 6 in Smith County.	Leo Berman	member of the Texas House of Representatives
position held	Francis Cassidy QC (17 January 1827 -- 14 June 1873) was a Canadian lawyer and politician, the Mayor of Montreal, Quebec for three months in 1873, until his term was cut short by death.	Francis Cassidy	Mayor of Montreal
position held	Petre Roman (Romanian pronunciation: (ˈpetre ˈroman); born 22 July 1946) is a Romanian politician who was Prime Minister of Romania from 1989 to 1991, when his government was overthrown by the intervention of the miners led by Miron Cozma.	Petre Roman	Prime Minister of Romania
position held	Sekhemraneferkhau Wepwawetemsaf was an Egyptian pharaoh during the Second Intermediate Period.	Wepwawetemsaf	pharaoh
position held	Karl-August Fagerholm (31 December 1901, Siuntio -- 22 May 1984, Helsinki) was Speaker of Parliament and three times Prime Minister of Finland (1948--50, 1956--57, and 1958).	Karl-August Fagerholm	Prime Minister of Finland
position held	Sir Henry Aubrey-Fletcher, 4th Baronet, CB, PC (24 September 1835 -- 19 May 1910), born Henry Fletcher, was a Member of Parliament in the United Kingdom.	Sir Henry Aubrey-Fletcher, 4th Baronet	Member of Parliament in the United Kingdom
position held	Cristoforo Vidman (1617 - 30 September 1660) was an Italian Catholic cardinal of German descent and cardinal-priest of St Mark's Basilica in Venice.	Cristoforo Vidman	cardinal
position held	Roger Nicholas Edwards, Baron Crickhowell, PC (born 25 February 1934) is a British Conservative Party politician and a former Secretary of State for Wales.	Nicholas Edwards, Baron Crickhowell	Secretary of State for Wales
position held	David Edward Foley (born February 3, 1930) is a retired American prelate of the Roman Catholic Church who served as the third bishop of the Diocese of Birmingham, Alabama.	David Edward Foley	bishop
position held	Anton Schlembach (born 7 February 1932 in Münnerstadt, Bavaria) is bishop emeritus and the 95th Bishop of Speyer.	Anton Schlembach	bishop
position held	Ronald Philippe Bär, (Manado, North Sulawesi, then Dutch East Indies, July 29, 1928) is a retired Dutch Roman Catholic bishop.	Philippe Bär	bishop
position held	Merneferre Ay (also spelled Aya or Eje) was an ancient Egyptian pharaoh of the mid 13th Dynasty.	Merneferre Ay	pharaoh
position held	Janez Drnovšek (Slovene pronunciation: (ˈjàːnɛz dəɾˈnɔ́ːwʃək); 17 May 1950 -- 23 February 2008) was a Slovenian liberal politician, President of the Presidency of Yugoslavia (1989--1990), Prime Minister of Slovenia (1992--2002) and President of Slovenia (2002--2007).	Janez Drnovšek	Prime Minister of Slovenia	President of Slovenia
position held	Dr. Ramón Grau San Martín (September 13, 1881, La Palma, Pinar del Río Province, Spanish Cuba -- July 28, 1969, Havana, Cuba) was a Cuban physician and the President of Cuba (1933--1934, 1944--1948).	Ramón Grau	President of Cuba
position held	Sekhemrewahkhau Rahotep was an Egyptian pharaoh who reigned during the Second Intermediate Period, when Egypt was ruled by multiple kings.	Rahotep	pharaoh
position held	Thomas Cajetan (pronunciation: /ˈkædʒətən/), also known as Gaetanus, commonly Tommaso de Vio or Thomas de Vio (20 February 1469 - 9 August 1534), was an Italian philosopher, theologian, cardinal (from 1517 until his death) and the Master of the Order of Preachers 1508-18.	Thomas Cajetan	cardinal
position held	Robert Atkinson Davis (March 9, 1841 -- January 7, 1903) was a businessman and Manitoba politician who served as the fourth Premier of Manitoba.	Robert Atkinson Davis	Premier of Manitoba
position held	Frank McCoppin (July 4, 1834 in County Longford, Ireland -- May 26, 1897 in San Francisco, California) was the first Irish-born, and foreign-born Mayor of San Francisco.	Frank McCoppin	Mayor of San Francisco
position held	Abderrahmane Nekli (July 19, 1914, in El Kseur -- February 8, 1990) was an Algerian diplomat and ambassador.	Abderrahmane Nekli	ambassador
position held	Tsunesaburō Makiguchi (牧口 常三郎, Makiguchi Tsunesaburō 1871--1944) was a Japanese educator who founded and became the first president of the Sōka Kyōiku Gakkai (Value-Creating Education Society), the predecessor of today's Soka Gakkai.	Tsunesaburō Makiguchi	Soka Gakkai
position held	Oscytel (or Oskytel; died 971) was a medieval Bishop of Dorchester and Archbishop of York.	Oscytel	Archbishop of York
position held	Dietrich Heinrich Ludwig von Ompteda (5 March 1746, Hoya - 18 May 1803, Regensburg) was a Hanoverian jurist and government minister.	Dietrich Heinrich Ludwig von Ompteda	minister
position held	Gregory of Nyssa, also known as Gregory Nyssen (Greek: Γρηγόριος Νύσσης; c. 335 -- c. 395), was bishop of Nyssa from 372 to 376 and from 378 until his death.	Gregory of Nyssa	bishop
position held	James Larsin (May 25, 1855 -- ?) was an American ship carpenter and fisherman from Menekaunee, Wisconsin who spent one term as a Union Labor Party member of the Wisconsin State Assembly from Marinette County.	James Larsin	member of the Wisconsin State Assembly
position held	Lorenzo Girolamo Mattei (29 May 1748, Rome - 24 July 1833) was an Italian cardinal from the house of Mattei.	Lorenzo Girolamo Mattei	cardinal
position held	Jerzy Tyszkiewicz (Lithuanian: Jurgis Tiškevičius; 1596--1656) was auxiliary bishop of Vilnius from 1627 to 1633, bishop of Samogitia from 1633 to 1649, and bishop of Vilnius from 1649 to 1656.	Jerzy Tyszkiewicz	bishop
position held	Bishop Nykanor Deyneha (Ukrainian: Никанор Дейнега; December 8, 1907 -- November 8, 1982) was the clandestine Ukrainian Auxiliary bishop of Lviv of the Ukrainian Greek Catholic Church.	Nykanor Deyneha	bishop
position held	Bernardo de Sandoval y Rojas (1546--1618) was a Spanish bishop and cardinal who was Grand Inquisitor of Spain from 1608 to 1618.	Bernardo de Sandoval y Rojas	cardinal	Grand Inquisitor
position held	Karl-Adolf Zenker (19 July 1907 -- 27 March 1998) was an officer in the Kriegsmarine during World War II. He served as a member of the Naval Historical Team and later became commander (Inspector of the Navy) of the post-war German Navy.	Karl-Adolf Zenker	Inspector of the Navy
position held	Nino Staffieri (born January 22, 1931 in Casalpusterlengo, Province of Lodi) is the emerit bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of La Spezia-Sarzana-Brugnato.	Nino Staffieri	bishop
position held	Jean-Baptiste Boisot (July 1638, Besançon - 4 December 1694), more commonly known as the French abbot, bibliophile, and scholar notable for leaving his collection of manuscripts (including the papers of cardinal Antoine Perrenot de Granvelle) to the Benedictine monks of Saint-Vincent.	Jean-Baptiste Boisot	abbot
position held	James Russell Wiggins (December 4, 1903 -- November 19, 2000) was managing editor of The Washington Post and United States Ambassador to the United Nations.	James Russell Wiggins	United States Ambassador to the United Nations
position held	Stefano Durazzo (16 June 1594 - 11 July 1667) was an Italian Catholic cardinal and archbishop of Genoa.	Stefano Durazzo	cardinal
position held	Roman Richard Atkielski (August 5, 1899 -- June 30, 1969) was a Roman Catholic auxiliary bishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Milwaukee serving from 1947 until 1969.	Roman Richard Atkielski	bishop
position held	Johann Theodor of Bavaria (3 September 1703 -- 27 January 1763) was a cardinal, Prince-Bishop of Regensburg, Prince-Bishop of Freising, and Prince-Bishop of Liège.	Johann Theodor of Bavaria	cardinal
position held	Saint Anthony Mary Claret, C.M.F. (Catalan: Antoni Maria Claret i Clarà; Spanish: Antonio María Claret y Clarà; December 23, 1807 -- October 24, 1870) was a Catalan Spanish Roman Catholic archbishop and missionary, and was confessor of Isabella II of Spain.	Anthony Mary Claret	archbishop
position held	Benny Lautrup (born June 25, 1939) is a professor in theoretical physics at the Niels Bohr Institute at the University of Copenhagen.	Benny Lautrup	professor
position held	Bruno Bertagna (12 October 1935 − 31 October 2013) was an Italian Roman Catholic archbishop.	Bruno Bertagna	archbishop
position held	Joshua Beal Ferris (January 13, 1804 -- June 8, 1886) was a member of the Connecticut House of Representatives representing Stamford from 1838 to 1839, and a member of the Connecticut Senate representing Connecticut's 12th Senate District from 1840 to 1842, and from 1849 to 1851.	Joshua Beal Ferris	member of the Connecticut House of Representatives	member of the Connecticut Senate
position held	Pierre Sagna (11 July 1932 − 24 May 2008) was a Senegalese Roman Catholic bishop.	Pierre Sagna	bishop
position held	John Munford Gregory (July 8, 1804 -- April 9, 1884) was a US political figure and Acting Governor of Virginia from 1842 to 1843.	John Munford Gregory	Governor of Virginia
position held	Rodrigo Luis de Borja y de Castre-Pinós (1524--1537) was a Spanish Roman Catholic cardinal.	Rodrigo Luis de Borja y de Castre-Pinós	cardinal
position held	James H. Merrill is a Republican member of the South Carolina House of Representatives, representing the 99th District since 2000 and currently serving as the Majority Leader.	James H. Merrill	member of the South Carolina House of Representatives
position held	Saint Alberic of Utrecht (died 784) was a Benedictine monk and bishop of Utrecht, in what is today the Netherlands.	Alberic of Utrecht	bishop
position held	George Docking (February 23, 1904 -- January 20, 1964) was the 35th Governor of Kansas, (1957--1961).	George Docking	Governor of Kansas
position held	Synesius (Greek: Συνέσιος; c. 373 -- c. 414), a Greek bishop of Ptolemais in the Libyan Pentapolis after 410, was born of wealthy parents, who claimed descent from Spartan kings, at Balagrae (Bayda now) near Cyrene between 370 and 375.	Synesius	bishop
position held	Pietro II Orseolo (died 1009) was the Doge of Venice from 991 to 1009.	Pietro II Orseolo	Doge of Venice
position held	Kubanychbek Jumaliyev (Кубанычбек Мырзабекович Жумалиев) (born 26 April 1956) served as the Prime Minister of Kyrgyzstan from 24 March 1998 to 23 December 1998.	Kubanychbek Jumaliyev	Prime Minister of Kyrgyzstan
position held	Ioane I of Mtskheta (Georgian: იოანე I) was the first archbishop of the Georgian Orthodox Church in period of 335--363.	Ioane I of Mtskheta	archbishop
position held	Girolamo Agucchi (1555--1605) was a Catholic cardinal from 1604 to 1605.	Girolamo Agucchi	cardinal
position held	William of St. Barbara or William of Ste Barbe (died 1152) was a medieval Bishop of Durham.	William of St. Barbara	Bishop of Durham
position held	Manuel Leuterio de Castro, Jr. (born July 6, 1949), better known as Noli de Castro or ``Kabayan'' Noli de Castro, was the 14th Vice President of the Philippines (2004--2010), under President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo.	Noli de Castro	Vice President of the Philippines
position held	Iñaki Mallona Txertudi C.P. (born July 1, 1932) was the third Roman Catholic bishop of Arecibo.	Iñaki Mallona Txertudi	bishop
position held	Jean-Baptiste Chautard OCSO (born 12 March 1858 in Briançon, France; died 29 September 1935 at Sept-Fons Abbey) was a French Trappist abbot and religious writer.	Jean-Baptiste Chautard	abbot
position held	Saint Ceolfrid (or Ceolfrith) (Pronounced ``Chol-frid'') (c. 642 -- 716) was an Anglo-Saxon Christian abbot and saint.	Ceolfrith	abbot
position held	Walter Polakowski (January 18, 1888 -- November 13, 1966) was an American upholsterer, trade union activist, and small business owner from Milwaukee, Wisconsin who served as a Socialist member of the Wisconsin State Assembly and Wisconsin State Senate for a total of 14 years.	Walter Polakowski	member of the Wisconsin State Assembly
position held	Pēteris Juraševskis (23 March 1872, Sesava parish -10 January 1945) held the office of Prime Minister of Latvia from 24 January 1928 -- 30 November 1928.	Pēteris Juraševskis	Prime Minister of Latvia
position held	Rose Vesper was a member of the Ohio House of Representatives from 1993-2000 for the 72nd district, a portion of Clermont County, Ohio.	Rose Vesper	member of the Ohio House of Representatives
position held	Saint Amasius of Teano (Italian: Amasio di Teano) (d. 356) was the second bishop of Teano in Italy.	Amasius of Teano	bishop
position held	Jacob Rummel (April 17, 1857 -- 1928) was an American cigarmaker and Socialist from Milwaukee who served one term (1905--1908) as a member of the Wisconsin State Senate representing the 6th Senate district (9th, 10th, 19th, 20th, and 22nd wards of the city of Milwaukee).	Jacob Rummel	member of the Wisconsin State Senate
position held	Timothy Tong (traditional Chinese: 湯顯明; simplified Chinese: 汤显明; pinyin: Tāng Xiǎnmíng) born in 1950, is a former Commissioner, Independent Commission Against Corruption for the Independent Commission Against Corruption of Hong Kong.	Timothy Tong	Commissioner, Independent Commission Against Corruption
position held	Judy Martz (born July 28, 1943) was the 22nd Governor of Montana, having served a single term from January 1, 2001, to January 3, 2005.	Judy Martz	Governor of Montana
position held	Claud Schuster, 1st Baron Schuster GCB CVO KC (22 August 1869 -- 28 June 1956) was a British barrister and civil servant noted for his long tenure as Permanent Secretary to the Lord Chancellor's Office.	Claud Schuster, 1st Baron Schuster	Permanent Secretary to the Lord Chancellor's Office
position held	Yakov Chubin also known as Yakov Shub (Mstsislaw, Mogilyov Governorate, 1893 -- Moscow, November 1956) served as the seventh General Secretary of the Communist Party of the Turkmen SSR.	Yakov Chubin	General Secretary
position held	John Steinbrink (born April 17, 1949) was a Democratic Party member of the Wisconsin State Assembly, representing the 65th Assembly District from 1996 when he defeated popular Republican Jeff Toboyek from the City of Kenosha to 2013.	John Steinbrink	member of the Wisconsin State Assembly
position held	Juan Federico Ponce Vaides (26 August 1889 -- 16 November 1956) was the acting President of Guatemala from 4 July 1944 to 20 October 1944.	Juan Federico Ponce Vaides	President of Guatemala
position held	Gopalkrishna Gandhi (Bengali: গোপালকৃষ্ণ গান্ধী Gopalkrishno Gandhi; born April 22, 1945) is an Indian civil servant and diplomat, who was the Governor of West Bengal serving from 2004 to 2009.	Gopalkrishna Gandhi	Governor of West Bengal
position held	Bishop Mathias Loras (August 30, 1792 -- February 19, 1858) was an immigrant French priest to the United States who later became the first bishop of the Dubuque Diocese in what would become the state of Iowa.	Mathias Loras	bishop
position held	Dom João Anes (or João Eanes) (died May 3, 1402) was bishop (since 1384) and also the first archbishop of Lisbon.	João Anes	bishop	archbishop
position held	Tom Demmer (born 1986) is a Republican member of the Illinois House of Representatives representing the 90th district, a four county district located in northwestern Illinois that includes all or parts of Dixon, Rochelle, Oregon, Stillman Valley, Davis Junction, DeKalb, Sandwich, Shabbona, Somonauk, Earlville and Mendota.	Tom Demmer	member of the Illinois House of Representatives
position held	Helga Trüpel has been a member of the European Parliament's Delegation for Relations with the People's Republic of China.	Helga Trüpel	member of the European Parliament
position held	Sewadjkare III (also known as Sewadjkare II in ) was an Egyptian pharaoh of the 14th Dynasty of Egypt during the Second Intermediate Period c. 1700 BC. As a king of the 14th dynasty, Sewadjkare III would have reigned from Avaris over the eastern Nile Delta and possibly over the western Delta as well.	Sewadjkare III	pharaoh
position held	Jonathan Weinzapfel (born November 16, 1965) was the 33rd mayor of Evansville, Indiana.	Jonathan Weinzapfel	Evansville
position held	Amenhotep III (Hellenized as Amenophis III; Egyptian Amāna-Ḥātpa; meaning Amun is Satisfied) also known as Amenhotep the Magnificent was the ninth pharaoh of the Eighteenth dynasty.	Amenhotep III	pharaoh
position held	Patrick Kerwin, PC (October 25, 1889 -- February 2, 1963), was the tenth Chief Justice of Canada.	Patrick Kerwin	Chief Justice of Canada
position held	Jerome Arthur Pechillo, T.O.R. (May 16, 1919 -- January 1, 1991) was an American missionary and bishop of the Catholic Church.	Jerome Arthur Pechillo	bishop
position held	Antonio R. Riley is the Midwest Regional Administrator of the United States Department of Housing and Urban Development and a former member of the Wisconsin State Assembly.	Antonio R. Riley	member of the Wisconsin State Assembly
position held	Pietro I Candiano (c. 842 -- 18 September 887) was briefly the sixteenth Doge of Venice in 887.	Pietro I Candiano	Doge of Venice
position held	Malachy Ó Caollaidhe, also known as Malachy Queally, Malachias Quælly, O'Queely or O'Quechly (died 1645) was an Irish Roman Catholic archbishop of Tuam; he was called by Irish writers Maelseachlainn Ua Cadhla, by John Colgan Queleus, and erroneously by Thomas Carte, O'Kelly.	Malachy Ó Caollaidhe	archbishop
position held	Paul Kim Ok-kyun (December 9, 1925 -- March 1, 2010) was the Roman Catholic titular bishop of Girba and the auxiliary bishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Seoul, South Korea.	Paul Kim Ok-kyun	bishop
position held	Mar Shimun XVIII Rubil (also Simon XVIII Rouel or Rowil) was Patriarch of the Assyrian Church of the East from 1860 to 1903 succeeding Shimun XVII Abraham.	Shimun XVIII Rubil	Patriarch
position held	Abassad was a bishop and martyr of the early Christian church.	Abassad	bishop
position held	Nicolò Tron (Born c. 1399 -- died 1473 in Venice) was the 68th Doge of Venice, reigning from 1471 to 1473.	Nicolò Tron	Doge of Venice
position held	Seth Meribre was the twenty-fourth pharaoh of the 13th dynasty during the Second Intermediate Period.	Seth Meribre	pharaoh
position held	Giacomo Puteo (1495--1563) was a Spanish Roman Catholic bishop and cardinal.	Giacomo Puteo	cardinal
position held	Pope Sixtus IV (21 July 1414 -- 12 August 1484), born Francesco della Rovere, was pope from 9 August 1471 to his death in 1484.	Pope Sixtus IV	pope
position held	Antonio Priuli (10 May 1548 -- 12 August 1623) was the 94th Doge of Venice, reigning from 17 May 1618 until his death.	Antonio Priuli	Doge of Venice
position held	Gerónimo Castillón y Salas (1756--1835) was a Spanish bishop who was the last Grand Inquisitor of Spain.	Gerónimo Castillón y Salas	bishop	Grand Inquisitor
position held	James McGolrick (1841--1918) was an American prelate of the Roman Catholic Church who served as the first bishop of the Diocese of Duluth, Minnesota between the foundation of the diocese in 1889 until his death in 1918.	James McGolrick	bishop
position held	James Callan Graham (October 2, 1914 -- July 23, 2006), generally referred to as Callan Graham, was an attorney in the Texas Hill Country, a pilot in World War II and a member of the Texas House of Representatives.	James Callan Graham	member of the Texas House of Representatives
position held	Jared Thompson, Jr. was an American lawyer who served one year as a Democratic member of the Wisconsin State Assembly from the 5th Milwaukee County assembly district (the 5th Ward of the city of Milwaukee, Wisconsin) in 1865, succeeding J. C. U. Niedermann, of the National Union Party.	Jared Thompson, Jr.	member of the Wisconsin State Assembly
position held	Thomas L. Stevenson is a former Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives, where he represented the 42nd legislative district from 1997 through 2006.	Thomas L. Stevenson	member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives
position held	Camillo Massimo (20 July 1620 -- 12 September 1677) was an Italian cardinal in 17th century Rome, best remembered as a major patron of Baroque artists such as Pouissin, Lorrain, Velázquez, Duquesnoy, Algardi, Francesco Fontana and Cosimo Fancelli.	Camillo Massimo	cardinal
position held	Konstantinos Tsaldaris (Greek: Κωνσταντίνος Τσαλδάρης, 1884--1970) was a Greek politician and twice Prime Minister of Greece.	Konstantinos Tsaldaris	Prime Minister of Greece
position held	Lt. Colonel Fidelis Makka (born 21 December 1950) was Military Governor of Benue State, Nigeria from 21 July 1988 to 2 January 1992 during the military regime of General Ibrahim Babangida.	Fidelis Makka	Governor of Benue State
position held	Abdul Aziz Abdul Ghani ( pronunciation AHB-duhl-ah-zeez ahb-dehl-GAH-nee; 2 January 1939 -- 22 August 2011) was a Yemeni politician who served as Prime Minister of Yemen from 1994 to 1997, under President Ali Abdullah Saleh.	Abdul Aziz Abdul Ghani	Prime Minister of Yemen
position held	Jean-Pierre Batut (born Paris 3 July 1954) is a French bishop and theologian.	Jean-Pierre Batut	bishop
position held	Alhaji Abubakar Musa is a Nigerian politician who was elected on the National Republican Convention (NRC) platform as Governor of Kebbi State, Nigeria, holding office between January 1992 and November 1983 during the Nigerian Third Republic.	Abubakar Musa	Governor of Kebbi State
position held	Commandant-General Stephanus Schoeman (14 March 1810 -- 1890) was State President of the South African Republic (ZAR - Transvaal), from 6 December 1860 until 17 April 1862.	Stephanus Schoeman	President of the South African Republic
position held	Pope John Paul II appointed Francisco Chimoio to the position of bishop of Pemba on 5 December 2000.	Francisco Chimoio	bishop
position held	Valeriu Streleț (born 1970) is a Moldovan politician who was Prime Minister of Moldova in 2015.	Valeriu Streleț	Prime Minister of Moldova
position held	Nitish Kumar (born 1 March 1951) is an Indian politician who has been Chief Minister of Bihar since February 2015.	Nitish Kumar	Chief Minister of Bihar
position held	Abubakar Shehu-Abubakar (born December 17, 1977, Gombe, Nigeria) is a Nigerian traditional leader who was appointed the 11th Emir of Gombe in June 2014.	Abubakar Shehu-Abubakar	Emir of Gombe
position held	Robert Kilwardby OP (c. 1215 -- 11 September 1279) was an Archbishop of Canterbury in England and a cardinal.	Robert Kilwardby	Archbishop of Canterbury
position held	Arnold of St. Martin's, Irish abbot, died 1103.	Arnold of St. Martin's	abbot
position held	Sulaiman Ja'abari (Arabic: سليمان الجعبري‎, 1912--1994) was a Sunni Muslim religious leader of the Palestinian people and the fifth Grand Mufti of Jerusalem.	Sulaiman Ja'abari	Grand Mufti of Jerusalem
position held	Francisco León de la Barra y Quijano (June 16, 1863 -- September 23, 1939) was a Mexican political figure and diplomat who served as interim President of Mexico from May 25 to November 6, 1911.	Francisco León de la Barra	President of Mexico
position held	François Savary de Brèves (1560--1627) was a French ambassador of the 16th and 17th centuries as well as an Orientalist.	François Savary de Brèves	ambassador
position held	John Fane, 10th Earl of Westmorland KG PC (1 June 1759 -- 15 December 1841), styled Lord Burghersh between 1771 and 1774, was a British Tory politician of the late 18th and early 19th centuries, who served in most of the cabinets of the period, primarily as Lord Privy Seal.	John Fane, 10th Earl of Westmorland	Lord Privy Seal
position held	Simon Ntamwana (born 3 June 1946) has been the Roman Catholic archbishop of the Archdiocese of Gitega in Burundi since 1997.	Simon Ntamwana	archbishop
position held	Gil Álvarez Carrillo de Albornoz (Italian: Egidio Albornoz) (1310 -- 23 August 1367) was a Spanish cardinal and ecclesiastical leader.	Gil Álvarez Carrillo de Albornoz	cardinal
position held	Sisto Riario Sforza (5 December 1810 -- 29 September 1877) was an Italian cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church and Camerlengo of the Sacred College of Cardinals.	Sisto Riario Sforza	cardinal	Camerlengo of the Sacred College of Cardinals
position held	Blessed Ciriaco María Sancha y Hervás (17 June 1833 -- 26 February 1909) was a cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church who served as the Archbishop of Toledo in addition to being the Primate of Spain and the Patriarch of the West Indies.	Ciriaco María Sancha y Hervás	cardinal
position held	James Francis McCarthy (born July 9, 1942) is a former American prelate of the Roman Catholic Church who had served as Auxiliary bishop of the Archdiocese of New York starting in 1999, resigning in 2002.	James Francis McCarthy	bishop
position held	Sebastiano Venier (or Veniero) (c. 1496 -- 3 March 1578) was Doge of Venice from 11 June 1577 to 3 March 1578.	Sebastiano Venier	Doge of Venice
position held	Tukulti-Ninurta II was King of Assyria from 891 BC to 884 BC. He was the second king of the Neo Assyrian Empire.	Tukulti-Ninurta II	king
position held	Gretchen Whitmer (born August 23, 1971) is a former Democratic member of the Michigan Senate and Senate Democratic Leader.	Gretchen Whitmer	member of the Michigan Senate
position held	Roger Allin (December 18, 1848 -- January 1, 1936) was an American politician who was the fourth Governor of North Dakota from 1895 to 1897, and the second Lieutenant Governor of North Dakota from 1891 to 1893 serving under Governor Andrew H. Burke.	Roger Allin	Governor of North Dakota
position held	The Rt Rev James Leslie Randall DD (died 1922) was the inaugural Bishop of Reading from 1889 until 1908.	Leslie Randall	Bishop of Reading
position held	Martin Truchseß von Wetzhausen zu Dachsbach (c. 1435 -- 3 January 1489) was the 34th Grand Master of the Teutonic Knights, serving from 1477-1489.	Martin Truchseß von Wetzhausen	Grand Master of the Teutonic Knights
position held	In the eyes of the Americans, Martin Schempp had such great human integrity and recognition that they appointed him the interim mayor of Kirchheim unter Teck after the war -- despite the formal ``burden'' of him being the head of a production facility for military products.	Martin Schempp	mayor
position held	Karen Carter Peterson (born November 1, 1969) is a Democratic member of the Louisiana State Senate, having represented the 5th District since 2010.	Karen Carter Peterson	member of the Louisiana State Senate
position held	Saint Frederick of Hallum (Frisian: Freark fan Hallum) (c. 1113 -- March 5, 1175) was a Premonstratensian priest and regular canon, founder and first abbot of Mariengaarde Abbey in Friesland in the Netherlands.	Frederick of Hallum	abbot
position held	Marco Girolamo Vida or Marcus Hieronymus Vida (1485? -- September 27, 1566) was an Italian humanist, bishop and poet.	Marco Girolamo Vida	bishop
position held	Sir Richard Dry, KCMG (20 September 1815 -- 1 August 1869) was an Australian politician, who was Premier of Tasmania from 24 November 1866 until 1 August 1869 when he died in office.	Richard Dry	Premier of Tasmania
position held	Sir Robert Eden, 1st Baronet, of Maryland, 23rd Proprietary Governor of Maryland (c. 1741 -- 2 September 1784) was a British colonial official and the last Royal Governor of Maryland.	Sir Robert Eden, 1st Baronet, of Maryland	Governor of Maryland
position held	Jacques Lavoie (4 November 1936 -- 20 January 2000) was a Liberal then Progressive Conservative party member of the House of Commons of Canada.	Jacques Lavoie	member of the House of Commons of Canada
position held	Jeffrey B. Miller, AA, BS, MPA, was the former commissioner of the Pennsylvania State Police.	Jeffrey B. Miller	Pennsylvania State Police
position held	Monsignor Alojz Tkáč (born March 2, 1934 in Ohradzany, Slovakia) was the first archbishop of the Košice Episcopal see (1995 to 2010), nowadays archbishop emeritus.	Alojz Tkáč	archbishop
position held	Mary Liz Holberg (born November 13, 1959) is a Minnesota politician, member of the Dakota County, Minnesota Board of Commissioners, and former member of the Minnesota House of Representatives.	Mary Liz Holberg	member of the Minnesota House of Representatives
position held	Alessandro Mancini (born October 4, 1975) was Captain Regent of San Marino for the six-months term from April 1 to October 1, 2007, together with Alessandro Rossi.	Alessandro Mancini	Captain Regent of San Marino
position held	Judith of Brittany also called Judith of Rennes (982--1017) Duchess of Normandy from c. 1000 until her death.	Judith of Brittany	Duchess of Normandy
position held	Dom Ambrose Griffiths OSB KC*HS (4 December 1928 -- 14 June 2011) was a Benedictine abbot before becoming a Roman Catholic bishop in the Catholic Church in England and Wales.	Ambrose Griffiths	abbot	bishop
position held	Odo of Tournai, also known as Odoardus or Odo of Orléans (1060--1113), was a Benedictine monk, scholar and bishop of Cambrai (from 1105/6).	Odo of Tournai	bishop
position held	Gregory So Kam-leung (Chinese: 蘇錦樑) is the current Secretary for Commerce and Economic Development of Hong Kong.	Gregory So	Secretary for Commerce and Economic Development
position held	Khafra (also read as Khafre, Khefren and Chephren) was an ancient Egyptian king (pharaoh) of 4th dynasty during the Old Kingdom.	Khafra	pharaoh
position held	Sir Lucas Dillon (c.1530--1592; also called Luke Dillon) was a leading Irish barrister and judge of the Elizabethan era who held the offices of Attorney General for Ireland and Chief Baron of the Irish Exchequer.	Lucas Dillon	Attorney General for Ireland
position held	Jacopo Piccolomini-Ammannati, or Giacomo Piccolomini (8 March 1422 -- 10 September 1479) was an Italian Renaissance cardinal and humanist.	Jacopo Piccolomini-Ammannati	cardinal
position held	Egon Hugenschmidt (24 June 1925; Lörrach-Stetten - 11 April 2010) was a German jurist and mayor of Lörrach, Baden-Württemberg (1960--1984).	Egon Hugenschmidt	mayor
position held	Fouad Mebazaa (Arabic: فؤاد المبزع‎ Fuʾād el-Mbazaʿ; born 15 June 1933) is a Tunisian politician who was President of Tunisia from 15 January 2011 to 13 December 2011.	Fouad Mebazaa	President of Tunisia
position held	George Isaac Smith (April 6, 1909 -- December 19, 1982), usually referred to as G.I. Smith, was a Canadian lawyer and politician who served as the 18th Premier of Nova Scotia from 1967 to 1970.	George Isaac Smith	Premier of Nova Scotia
position held	Giovanni Dolfin, also known as Giovanni Delfino or Delfin (died July 12, 1361) was the fifty-seventh Doge of Venice, appointed on August 13, 1356.	Giovanni Dolfin	Doge of Venice
position held	William Duhurst Merrick (October 25, 1793 -- February 5, 1857) was a United States Senator from Maryland, serving from 1838 to 1845.	William Duhurst Merrick	United States Senator
position held	Philip Greening (February 24, 1824 - ?) was an American blacksmith, machinist and farmer from Lamartine, Wisconsin who spent a single one-year term as a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly from Fond du Lac County.	Philip Greening	member of the Wisconsin State Assembly
position held	Jeremiah O'Neil (January 13, 1866 -- November 19, 1947) was an American educator, newspaperman and judge from Wauzeka, Wisconsin who served one term as a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly from Crawford County.	Jeremiah O'Neil	member of the Wisconsin State Assembly
position held	Jasper McLevy (March 27, 1878--November 20, 1962) was an American politician who served as mayor of Bridgeport, Connecticut from 1933-1957.	Jasper McLevy	mayor
position held	Jimmie Don Aycock (born October 4, 1946) is a semi-retired veterinarian, rancher, and businessman in Killeen who is a Republican member of the Texas House of Representatives.	Jimmie Don Aycock	member of the Texas House of Representatives
position held	Hideo Den (田 英夫 Den Hideo, June 9, 1923 - November 13, 2009) was a Japanese news presenter, politician, and for 34 of the years between 1971 and 2007, a member of the House of Councillors for the Social Democratic Party.	Hideo Den	member of the House of Councillors
position held	Charles David Curtis (born 1939) is a British geologist who has served as President of the Geological Society of London from 1992 to 1994.	Charles David Curtis	President of the Geological Society of London
position held	Arnold of Lübeck (died 1211--1214) was a Benedictine abbot, a chronicler, the author of the Chronica Slavorum and advocate of the papal cause in the Hohenstaufen conflict.	Arnold of Lübeck	abbot
position held	Pam Roth is a former Republican member of the Illinois House of Representatives, representing the 75th district from 2001 until her resignation in August 2013.	Pam Roth	member of the Illinois House of Representatives
position held	Richard Yung (born 22 September 1947 in Amboise, Indre-et-Loire) is a member of the Senate of France, representing the constituency of French citizens living abroad.	Richard Yung	member of the Senate of France
position held	Edward C. Scogin, known as Ed Scogin (May 6, 1921 -- July 10, 1999), was from 1972-1992 a Republican member of the Louisiana House of Representatives from Slidell in St. Tammany Parish in suburban New Orleans, Louisiana, known as a fiscal watchdog over state government.	Ed Scogin	member of the Louisiana House of Representatives
position held	Mathias Chen Xilu (1928 -- January 16, 2008) was a Chinese Roman Catholic bishop of Hengshui, Hebei.	Chen Xilu	bishop
position held	Pietro Sforza Pallavicino (or Pallavicini) (28 November 1607, Rome -- 5 June 1667, Rome), was an Italian cardinal and historian, son of the Marquis Alessandro Pallavicino of Parma.	Pietro Sforza Pallavicino	cardinal
position held	Andrea Cordero Lanza di Montezemolo (born 27 August 1925) is an Italian cardinal of the Roman Catholic church.	Andrea Cordero Lanza di Montezemolo	cardinal
position held	Gaubald was also abbot-bishop or mitred abbot of St. Emmeram's Abbey.	Gaubald	abbot
position held	Thomas F. Yewcic was a Democratic member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives, representing the 72nd District from 1993 until 2008.	Thomas F. Yewcic	member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives
position held	Arthur Thomas Stewart (January 11, 1892 -- October 10, 1972), more commonly known as Tom Stewart, was a Democratic United States Senator from Tennessee from 1939 to 1949.	Tom Stewart	United States Senator
position held	James Charles McDonald (June 14, 1840 -- December 1, 1912) was a Roman Catholic bishop who served as fourth Bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Charlottetown.	James Charles McDonald	bishop
position held	Philip Berruyer (died 1260 of natural causes) was bishop of Orléans in 1234, and then archbishop of Bourges from 1236 until his death.	Philip Berruyer	archbishop
position held	Hon. Donald Alexander Macdonald, P.C., and Lieutenant-Governor of Ontario, 1875--80, married Catherine Fraser, daughter of Colonel the Hon. Alexander Fraser, M.L.C. of Fraserfield.	Donald Alexander Macdonald	Lieutenant-Governor of Ontario
position held	Désiré Girouard (July 7, 1836 -- March 22, 1911) was a Canadian lawyer, politician, and Puisne Justice of the Supreme Court of Canada.	Désiré Girouard	Justice of the Supreme Court of Canada
position held	Hancock Lee Jackson (May 12, 1796 -- March 19, 1876) was an American lawyer and politician who served as the 13th Governor of Missouri in 1857.	Hancock Lee Jackson	Governor of Missouri
position held	Saint Ciarán of Clonmacnoise (c. 516 -- c. 544), supposedly born Ciarán mac an tSaeir (``son of the carpenter'')), was one of the Twelve Apostles of Ireland and the first abbot of Clonmacnoise.	Ciarán of Clonmacnoise	abbot
position held	Leroy M. Zimmerman (December 27, 1932 -- December 6, 2002), is a former Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives.	Leroy M. Zimmerman	member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives
position held	Gail Riecken (née Engel) is a Democratic member of the Indiana House of Representatives, representing the 77th District since 2009.	Gail Riecken	member of the Indiana House of Representatives
position held	Oliver King (c. 1432 -- 29 August 1503) was a Bishop of Exeter and Bishop of Bath and Wells who restored Bath Abbey after 1500.	Oliver King	Bishop of Exeter
position held	William Marmaduke Kavanaugh (March 3, 1866 -- February 21, 1915) was a Democratic United States Senator from the State of Arkansas.	William Marmaduke Kavanaugh	United States Senator
position held	Jean Soanen (1647--1740) was a French Oratory and bishop of Senez.	Jean Soanen	bishop
position held	Jabez Bunting Snowball (24 September 1837 -- 24 February 1907) was a businessman, the 11th Lieutenant Governor of New Brunswick, Canada, and politician from the Town of Chatham, New Brunswick.	Jabez Bunting Snowball	Lieutenant Governor of New Brunswick
position held	Hassan Rouhani (Persian: حسن روحانی‎‎, pronunciation ; born Hassan Fereydoun on 12 November 1948) is the seventh President of Iran, in office since 2013.	Hassan Rouhani	President of Iran
position held	Ahmad Fuad Mohieddin (IPA: (ˈæħmæd foˈʔæːd ˈmoħj edˈdiːn); 1926 - 5 June 1984 in Cairo, Egypt) was the Prime Minister of Egypt from 2 January 1982 to 5 June 1984.	Ahmad Fuad Mohieddin	Prime Minister of Egypt
position held	Richard Seeber (born 15 January 1962 in Innsbruck) is an Austrian politician (Austrian People's Party ÖVP) and member of the European Parliament.	Richard Seeber	member of the European Parliament
position held	Gasparo Contarini (16 October 1483 -- 24 August 1542) was an Italian diplomat, cardinal and Bishop of Belluno.	Gasparo Contarini	cardinal
position held	Phil Barnhart (born 1946) is a Democratic member of the Oregon House of Representatives, representing District 11 since 2003 and District 40 from 2001 to 2003.	Phil Barnhart	member of the Oregon House of Representatives
position held	Bartholomew Remov (born Nikolai Fedorovich Remov, October 3, 1888, Moscow, Russian Empire -- June 26, 1935, Butyrka Prison, Moscow, Soviet Union ), was a Russian Orthodox bishop, representative to Metropolitan Peter, the locum tenens of the late Patriarch Tikhon.	Bartholomew Remov	bishop
position held	Clyde Elmer Anderson (March 16, 1912 -- January 22, 1998), more commonly known as C. Elmer Anderson, was an American politician who served as the 28th Governor of Minnesota from September 27, 1951 to January 5, 1955.	C. Elmer Anderson	Governor of Minnesota
position held	Francisco de Remolins (1462--1518) (called the Cardinal of Sorrento and il cardinale Elvense) was a Spanish Roman Catholic bishop and cardinal.	Francisco de Remolins	cardinal
position held	Putta (died c. 688) was a medieval Bishop of Rochester and probably the first Bishop of Hereford.	Putta	Bishop of Rochester	Bishop of Hereford
position held	Johannes Bündgens (born 2 April 1956 in Eschweiler) is auxiliary bishop of Aachen.	Johannes Bündgens	auxiliary bishop
position held	Lázaro Pérez Jiménez (September 9, 1941 -- October 25, 2009) was the Roman Catholic, Mexican bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Celaya.	Lázaro Pérez Jiménez	bishop
position held	Patrick J. Verschoore (born November 30, 1943) is a Democratic member of the Illinois House of Representatives, representing the 72nd District since his appointment on March 29, 2003.	Patrick J. Verschoore	member of the Illinois House of Representatives
position held	Saint Eucherius of Orléans (Orléans, c. 687--February 20, 743 AD), nephew of Suavaric, bishop of Auxerre, was Bishop of Orléans.	Eucherius of Orléans	bishop
position held	John Norquay (May 8, 1841 -- July 5, 1889) was the Premier of Manitoba from 1878 to 1887.	John Norquay	Premier of Manitoba
position held	Pier Luigi Bersani (Italian pronunciation: (pjɛr luˈiːdʒi berˈsaːni); born 29 September 1951) is an Italian politician and was Secretary of the Democratic Party (DP), Italy's leading centre-left party, from 2009 to 2013.	Pier Luigi Bersani	Secretary of the Democratic Party
position held	Augustin Henninghaus SVD (11 September 1862, Menden (Sauerland), Province of Westphalia -- 20 July 1939) was a German Roman Catholic missionary and bishop in China.	Augustin Henninghaus	bishop
position held	Costantino Patrizi Naro JUD (4 September 1798 -- 17 December 1876) was a long-serving Italian Cardinal who became Dean of the College of Cardinals.	Costantino Patrizi Naro	Dean of the College of Cardinals
position played on team / speciality	Giorgio Ferrini (18 August 1939 -- 8 November 1976) was an Italian football manager and former football player who played as a midfielder.	Giorgio Ferrini	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Paraskevas Antzas (Greek: Παρασκευάς Άντζας, born 18 August 1977) is a former professional Greek football player (central defender).	Paraskevas Antzas	defender
position played on team / speciality	Carlos Humberto Paredes Monges (Spanish pronunciation: (ˈkarlos umˈberto paˈɾeðes ˈmoŋɡes); born 16 July 1976 in Asunción, Paraguay) is a Paraguayan footballer who currently plays as a defensive midfielder for Olimpia Asunción.	Carlos Humberto Paredes	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Gerdo Hazelhekke (born February 28, 1950 in Utrecht) is a retired football player who played as a forward during his professional football career.	Gerdo Hazelhekke	forward
position played on team / speciality	Filipe Augusto Carvalho Souza (born 12 August 1993), commonly known as Filipe Augusto or simply Filipe, is a Brazilian footballer who plays for S.C. Braga on loan from Rio Ave, as a defensive midfielder.	Filipe Augusto	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Abiodun Baruwa (born 16 November 1974 in Abuja) is a former Nigerian footballer in goalkeeper role.	Abiodun Baruwa	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Lasse Sørensen (born 6 March 1982) is a Danish professional football goalkeeper, who currently plays for BK Frem in the Danish Second Division.	Lasse Sørensen	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Carlos Adriano de Souza Vieira or simply Adriano Gabiru (born August 11, 1977 in Maceió), is a Brazilian attacking midfielder currently playing for Guarany.	Adriano Gabiru	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Draško Albijanić (born December 14, 1986) is a Bosnian professional basketball center played for KK Sutjeska of the Montenegrin Basketball League.	Draško Albijanić	center
position played on team / speciality	Rob Marinaro (born November 6, 1969 in Toronto, Canada) is a retired Canadian soccer goalkeeper who currently coaches the Kent State University women's soccer team.	Rob Marinaro	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Edward Brueton (1871 -- after 1893) was an English footballer born in Penn, Staffordshire, who played in the Football League as a goalkeeper for Small Heath.	Edward Brueton	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Colin McLocklan is a retired Professional English Association football forward who played two seasons in the North American Soccer League and at least one in the American Soccer League.	Colin McLocklan	forward
position played on team / speciality	Frédéric Cassivi (born June 12, 1975 in Sorel-Tracy, Quebec) is a Canadian ice hockey goaltender who is currently a Free Agent.	Frédéric Cassivi	goaltender
position played on team / speciality	Maor Melikson (Hebrew: מאור מליקסון‎; born 30 October 1984 in Yavne) is an Israeli footballer who plays as a midfielder for Hapoel Be'er Sheva and the Israel national football team.	Maor Melikson	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Mark Peers (born 14 May 1984 in St Helens) is a professional footballer currently playing for Canterbury United FC as a wide-midfielder/winger.	Mark Peers	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Enver Marić (born April 25 1948) is a Bosnian former football goalkeeper and a goalkeeper coach.	Enver Marić	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Craig Skinner (born 21 October 1970) is an English former professional footballer who played as a midfielder in the Football League.	Craig Skinner	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Alice Parisi is an Italian football midfielder, currently playing for UPC Tavagnacco in Italy's Serie A. She previously played for ACF Trento and ASD Bardolino.	Alice Parisi	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Claudio Martín Cabrera (born 8 August 1979 in Río Cuarto, Córdoba) is an Argentine football winger currently playing for Atenas de Río Cuarto.	Martín Cabrera	winger
position played on team / speciality	Jani Tanska (born 29 July 1988) is a professional footballer who plays as a central defender for Assyriska FF and is a product of MyPa youth academy.	Jani Tanska	defender
position played on team / speciality	Henry van der Vegt (born 18 February 1972) is a Dutch retired footballer who played primarily as a midfielder.	Henry van der Vegt	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Vladimir Mudrinić (Serbian Cyrillic: Владимир Мудринић; born 26 July 1976) is a Serbian professional footballer who plays for Zlatibor Čajetina in the Drina Zone League, mainly as an attacking midfielder.	Vladimir Mudrinić	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Frode Lafton (born 3 March 1976) is a Norwegian former footballer who played as a defender for Hønefoss throughout his career.	Frode Lafton	defender
position played on team / speciality	Gilles Gilbert (born March 31, 1949 in Saint-Esprit, Quebec) is a retired former ice hockey goaltender who was drafted in the third round of the 1969 NHL Amateur Draft from the London Knights.	Gilles Gilbert	goaltender
position played on team / speciality	Marko Ilić (Serbian Cyrillic: Mapкo Илић, born 9 May 1985 in Belgrade, SR Serbia, SFR Yugoslavia) is a Serbian footballer who plays as a midfielder for FK Srem.	Marko Ilić	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Dick Parker was an English professional football centre forward who made over 200 appearances in the Football League.	Dick Parker	forward
position played on team / speciality	Žarko Serafimovski (Macedonian: Жарко Серафимовски) (born 13 February 1971, in Skopje, SFR Yugoslavia) is a former football midfielder from the present-day Republic of Macedonia.	Žarko Serafimovski	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Nderim Nexhipi (Macedonian: Ндерим Неџипи, born 22 May 1984) is a Macedonian football of Albanian ethnicity who plays for Shkëndija in the Macedonian First Football League as a attacking midfielder.	Nderim Nexhipi	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Kevin Trapp (born 8 July 1990) is a German footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Paris Saint-Germain in Ligue 1, as well as the German National Team	Kevin Trapp	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Mark Kerlin (born February 1, 1962) is a retired U.S. soccer forward who spent most of his career in indoor leagues.	Mark Kerlin	forward
position played on team / speciality	Igor Božić (Serbian Cyrillic: Игор Божић, Slovenian: Igor Božič, born 14 July 1987) is a Bosnian Serb professional football goalkeeper playing with FK Proleter Teslić in the First League of the Republika Srpska.	Igor Božić	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Chris Erskine (born 8 February 1987) is a Scottish professional footballer who plays for Dundee United in the Scottish Premiership as a midfielder.	Chris Erskine	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Aleksander Mysiak (1908--1991) was a Polish football player, a midfielder, who in the late 1920s and early 1930s represented both Cracovia and the Polish National Team.	Aleksander Mysiak	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Andriy Bandrivskyi (Ukrainian: Андрій Бандрівський; born 9 March 1985) is a professional Ukrainian football goalkeeper who plays for FC Enerhetyk Burshtyn in the Ukrainian First League.	Andriy Bandrivskyi	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Binho (b. Fábio Eduardo Cribari 13 February 1975 in Cambará, Paraná) is a Brazilian football defender.	Fábio Eduardo Cribari	defender
position played on team / speciality	Stephen Broad (born 10 June 1980) is an English footballer, who played as a defender in the Football League for Southend United.	Stephen Broad	defender
position played on team / speciality	Nicolas Besch (born October 25, 1984) is a professional French ice hockey defenceman of Polish descent who currently plays for Boxers de Bordeaux of the Ligue Magnus.	Nicolas Besch	defenceman
position played on team / speciality	Moacir Fernandes, commonly known by the nickname Cafuringa (November 10, 1948 -- July 25, 1991), was a Brazilian professional football right winger, who played for several Campeonato Brasileiro Série A clubs.	Cafuringa	winger
position played on team / speciality	Radu Rebeja (born 8 June 1973 in Chişinău) is a retired Moldovan football (soccer) defensive midfielder or centre-back.	Radu Rebeja	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Otávio Edmilson da Silva Monteiro (born 9 February 1995), commonly known as Otávio, is a Brazilian footballer who currently plays as a attacking midfielder for Vitória Guimarães on loan from FC Porto.	Otávio Edmilson da Silva Monteiro	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Davide Di Gennaro (born 16 June 1988) is an Italian professional footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for Serie B club Cagliari.	Davide Di Gennaro	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Rúben Micael Freitas da Ressureição (born 19 August 1986), known as Micael, is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays for Chinese club Shijiazhuang Ever Bright F.C. as a midfielder.	Rúben Micael	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Antonino Bernardini (born 21 June 1974) is an Italian football manager and former footballer, who played as a midfielder.	Antonino Bernardini	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Victor Gerley is a retired American soccer goalkeeper who earned six caps with the U.S. national team between 1965 and 1968.	Victor Gerley	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Karl Svensson (Swedish pronunciation: (kaːɭ ˈsvɛnsɔn); born 21 March 1984 in Jönköping) is a Swedish football defender.	Karl Svensson	defender
position played on team / speciality	Tommy Sinclair was an English professional football winger who played in the Football League for Aldershot, Bolton Wanderers, Bradford City and Brentford.	Tommy Sinclair	winger
position played on team / speciality	Zsolt Hornyák (born 1 May 1973) is a former Slovak football defender and manager of Hungarian descent, who had last managed the Armenian Premier Leaguen division team FC Banants.	Zsolt Hornyák	defender
position played on team / speciality	Hamad Ndikumana (born October 5, 1978 in Kigali, Rwanda) also known as Kataut by the Rwandan fans, is a Rwandan football defender who recently relesead from APOP Kinyras Peyias FC in Cyprus.	Hamad Ndikumana	defender
position played on team / speciality	Kelly Rosen (born 23 November 1995) is an Estonian women's association football, who plays as a midfielder for Naiste Meistriliiga club Flora Tallinn and the Estonia women's national football team.	Kelly Rosen	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	El Mehdi Sidqy (born 6 January 1984 in Mohammédia) is a Moroccan footballer who plays left footed side back defender for Chiangmai club in Thai Division 1 League.	El Mehdi Sidqy	defender
position played on team / speciality	Jewel Raja Shaikh (born 19 January 1990 in Budge Budge) is an Indian professional football player who plays for Atletico de Kolkata in the Indian Super League as a central midfielder.	Jewel Raja	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Byron Brad McCrimmon (March 29, 1959 -- September 7, 2011) was a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman and coach.	Brad McCrimmon	defenceman
position played on team / speciality	Serkan Kırıntılı (born 15 February 1985) is a Turkish football goalkeeper who plays for Turkish Süper Lig club Konyaspor.	Serkan Kırıntılı	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Pedro Miguel Martins Santos (born 22 April 1988 in Lisbon) is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays for S.C. Braga as a left winger.	Pedro Miguel Martins Santos	winger
position played on team / speciality	Ouk Mic (born 1 January 1980 in Cambodia) is a retired Cambodian footballer who plays for home country club Preah Khan Reach in Metfone C-League as a goalkeeper.	Ouk Mic	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Carlos Rodrigues Corrêa (born 29 December 1980 in Limeira) is a professional Brazilian footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder.	Carlos Rodrigues Corrêa	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Paolo Seppani (born 18 August 1986 in Giuliano di Roma, Frosinone) is an Italian football (soccer) defender.	Paolo Seppani	defender
position played on team / speciality	Luís Filipe Gomes Almeida (born 12 January 1991 in Lisbon), known as Kikas, is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays for Spanish club Recreativo de Huelva on loan from Sporting Clube de Portugal as a defensive midfielder.	Kikas	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Márton Fülöp (Hungarian pronunciation: (ˈmaːrton ˈfyløp); 3 May 1983 -- 12 November 2015) was a Hungarian professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper.	Márton Fülöp	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Sean McMahon (born 18 June 1994) is an Australian rugby union player who currently plays as a flanker for the Melbourne Rebels in Super Rugby.	Sean McMahon	flanker
position played on team / speciality	Simone Tiribocchi (born 31 January 1978) is a former Italian footballer who played as a forward.	Simone Tiribocchi	forward
position played on team / speciality	Márcio Borges (born on 20 January 1973 in Rio de Janeiro) is a retired Brazilian football defender.	Márcio Borges	defender
position played on team / speciality	Markus Kiesenebner (born 21 April 1979) is an Austrian footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder.	Markus Kiesenebner	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Zaur Hashimov (Azerbaijani: Zaur Həşimov; born 25 August 1981) is a football defender from Azerbaijan.	Zaur Hashimov	defender
position played on team / speciality	Sérgio Soares da Silva (born 11 January 1967) is a Brazilian retired footballer who played as a midfielder, and the current coach of Bahia.	Sérgio Soares	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Martin Seanan Clucas is a Northern Irish footballer who plays as a midfielder and is currently a free agent after leaving Derry City	Seanan Clucas	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Vladyslav Pavlenko (Ukrainian: Владислав Віталійович Павленко; born 5 April 1994 in Nikopol, Dnipropetrovsk Oblast, Ukraine) is a professional Ukrainian football midfielder who currently plays for Belarusian Premier League club Vitebsk.	Vladyslav Pavlenko	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Diogo Rodrigues Siston, or simply Siston (born January 25, 1981 in Rio de Janeiro), is a Brazilian-Portuguese football midfielder who currently plays for Olaria Atlético Clube.	Diogo Rodrigues Siston	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Mehdi Mehdipour (Persian: مهدی مهدی‌پور‎‎); is an Iranian football midfielder who currently plays for Zob Ahan in Iran Pro League.	Mehdi Mehdipour	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Erotokritos Damarlis (Greek: Ερωτόκριτος Νταμαρλής; born on 13 May 1992 in Thessaloniki, Greece), is a midfielder currently playing in the Football League for Agrotikos Asteras.	Erotokritos Damarlis	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Alex Oriakhi, Jr. (pronounced Or-e-ah-ki; born June 21, 1990) is an American professional basketball player who currently plays for Orlandina Basket of the Italian Serie A. He was the starting center for the Connecticut Huskies' 2010--11 NCAA championship team.	Alex Oriakhi	center
position played on team / speciality	Mikael Gerdén (born 1 October 1976, in Stockholm) is a retired professional Swedish ice hockey goaltender.	Mikael Gerdén	goaltender
position played on team / speciality	Andriy Hrinchenko (Ukrainian: Андрій Гринченко; born 23 January 1986) is a professional Ukrainian football defender who plays for FC Volyn Lutsk in the Ukrainian Premier League.	Andriy Hrinchenko	defender
position played on team / speciality	Mohsen Hamidi (Persian: محسن حمیدی‎‎, born September 30, 1985) is an Iranian football midfielder who currently plays for Esteghlal Ahvaz in the Persian Gulf Pro League.	Mohsen Hamidi	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Zhou Yajun (Chinese: 周亚君) (born October 17, 1984 in Shanghai) is a Chinese association football goalkeeper.	Zhou Yajun	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Jorge Roldán Popol (born 16 January 1940), known popularly as El Grillo (``cricket'') is a Guatemalan football coach and former midfielder.	Jorge Roldán	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Andrey Akopyants (born 27 August 1977) is an Uzbekistani football midfielder of Armenian descent.	Andrey Akopyants	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Arnold Scholten (born December 5, 1962 in Den Bosch, North Brabant) is a retired football midfielder from the Netherlands.	Arnold Scholten	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Martín Galmarini (born February 28, 1982) is an Argentine football midfielder.	Martín Galmarini	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Kolja Afriyie (born 6 April 1982) is a German former professional football defender (full back).	Kolja Afriyie	defender
position played on team / speciality	José Ignacio López Sanjuán (born 1 April 1940) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a defender, and a current coach.	José Ignacio López Sanjuán	defender
position played on team / speciality	Joško Hajder (born 15 January 1994 in Split, Croatia) is a Croatian football midfielder/forward, currently a free agent.	Joško Hajder	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Colin Corbishley (born 13 June 1939) is an English former footballer who played as a midfielder for Port Vale, Chester, Stafford Rangers, and Prescot Town.	Colin Corbishley	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Branko Kralj (10 March 1924 -- 18 December 2012) was a Croatian footballer who played as goalkeeper.	Branko Kralj	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Fanndís Friðriksdóttir (born 9 May 1990) is an Icelandic football player who plays as a midfielder.	Fanndís Friðriksdóttir	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Daniel Agyei (also spelled Adjei; born 10 November 1989 in Dansoman) is a Ghanaian professional footballer, who currently plays for South African Premier Division club Free State Stars and the Ghana national team, as a goalkeeper.	Daniel Agyei	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Lynda Shepherd (born 5 May 1985) is a football midfielder who plays for FA Women's Premier League club Manchester City Ladies.	Lynda Shepherd	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	André Renato Antoniassi, usually known as André Zuba (born 23 June 1986 in Mirassol, São Paulo) is a Brazilian football player at the position of goalkeeper.	André Renato Antoniassi	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Petr Tatíček (born September 22, 1983) is a Czech professional ice hockey centre who is currently playing for ERC Ingolstadt of the Deutsche Eishockey Liga (DEL).	Petr Tatíček	centre
position played on team / speciality	Steven Hetherington (born 9 March 1993 in Hartlepool, England) is a Scottish-English professional footballer playing as a central midfielder or defensive midfielder for Alloa Athletic.	Steven Hetherington	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Jasmin Handanović (born 28 January 1978 in Ljubljana) is a Slovenian footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Maribor in the Slovenian PrvaLiga.	Jasmin Handanović	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Vicente Figueroa is a Mexican football midfielder who spent three seasons in Major League Soccer.	Vicente Figueroa	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Volodymyr Kornutyak (Ukrainian: Володимир Петрович Корнутяк; born 24 July 1983 in Ukrainian SSR) is a Ukrainian football defender who plays for Zakarpattia in the Ukrainian Premier League.	Volodymyr Kornutyak	defender
position played on team / speciality	Javier Arnaldo Portillo Martínez (born 10 June 1981 in Morolica, Choluteca, Honduras) is a Honduran football player who currently as a left midfielder for Liga Nacional de Honduras club Olimpia and the Honduran national team.	Javier Arnaldo Portillo	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Éric Mura (born January 23, 1963 in Saint-Cyr-l'École) is a retired French football defender.	Éric Mura	defender
position played on team / speciality	Stephen Tetteh (born April 11, 1982 in Accra) is a Ghanaian football (soccer) defender, not to be confused with midfielder Stephen Caesar Tetteh (born May 14, 1995 in Accra), is a former player of Hearts of Oak.	Stephen Tetteh	defender
position played on team / speciality	Twan Smits (born 20 December 1985 in Weurt) is a footballer who plays as an defensive midfielder for De Treffers in the Dutch Topklasse.	Twan Smits	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Osama Hawsawi (Arabic: أسامة هوساوي‎, born 31 March 1984) is a Saudi Arabian footballer who currently plays as a central defender for Al-Ahli and the Saudi Arabia national team.	Osama Hawsawi	defender
position played on team / speciality	Marko Mitrušić (Serbian Cyrillic: Марко Митрушић; born 16 December 1991) is a Bosnian Serb football defender who plays for Donji Srem.	Marko Mitrušić	defender
position played on team / speciality	Ambroise Begue (born 22 May 1995) is a French professional footballer who plays as a defender or midfielder for Home United.	Ambroise Begue	defender
position played on team / speciality	Samuel Roy Burmister (August 12, 1905 -- January 19, 1980) was a Canadian ice hockey left winger.	Roy Burmister	winger
position played on team / speciality	Mohd Sabre Mat Abu (born 8 August 1987, in Parit Buntar, Perak), is a Malaysian footballer who currently playing for PDRM FA as defender and midfielder.	Mohd Sabre Mat Abu	defender
position played on team / speciality	Bernard Edward (born 4 November 1990) is an international soccer player from Saint Lucia, who plays as a defender.	Bernard Edward	defender
position played on team / speciality	Eliézio Santos Santana or simply Eliézio (born March 31, 1987 in Salvador, Bahia) is a Brazilian central defender.	Eliézio Santos Santana	defender
position played on team / speciality	Sokol Cikalleshi (Albanian pronunciation: ('sɔkɔl 'tsikaɫɛʃi); born 27 July 1990 in Kavajë) is an Albanian professional footballer who plays as forward for Turkish Süper Lig club Istanbul Basaksehir and the Albania national team.	Sokol Cikalleshi	forward
position played on team / speciality	Reuben Ayarna, (born 22 October 1985 in Accra) is a Ghanaian footballer who plays as a midfielder.	Reuben Ayarna	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Eduin Ujka (born 10 April 1995 in Laç) is an Albanian footballer who currently plays as a goalkeeper for Tërbuni Pukë, on loan from Laçi, in the Albanian Superliga.	Eduin Ujka	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Miguel de Jesús Fuentes Razo (born September 29, 1971 in Guadalajara, Jalisco) is a retired professional footballer from Mexico, who played as a goalkeeper during his career.	Miguel de Jesús Fuentes	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Kyrylo Demidov (Ukrainian: Кирило Олександрович Демідов; born 18 August 1996 in Ukraine) is an Ukrainian football midfielder.	Kyrylo Demidov	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	John-Paul Duarte (born 13 December 1986) is a Gibraltarian footballer who plays for Gibraltar Premier Division side Manchester 62 and the Gibraltar national team, where he plays as a forward.	John-Paul Duarte	forward
position played on team / speciality	Gideão Lima de Castro (born 19 December 1987), simply known as Gideão is a Brazilian professional footballer playing for Boavista as a goalkeeper.	Gideão	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Bruno Fontes da Mota (born 24 October 1987) is a Swiss football (soccer) midfielder, he plays for Swiss Challenge League team FC Le Mont.	Bruno Fontes da Mota	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Leroy Franks is a retired American soccer goalkeeper who earned one cap with the U.S. national team in 1957.	Leroy Franks	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Max Porter (born 29 June 1987) is an English semi-professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for National League club Bromley.	Max Porter	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Manuel Rui Marques (born 3 September 1977) is a retired Angolan football defender who was a first choice centre-back for the Angolan national side.	Rui Marques	defender
position played on team / speciality	Agyei William Kwabena ``Will'' Antwi (born 19 October 1982), known as Will Antwi, is an English-born Ghanaian professional footballer who plays as a defender.	Will Antwi	defender
position played on team / speciality	Hugh Sproat (born 16 November 1952 in Ayr) is a former Scottish footballer who played as a goalkeeper.	Hugh Sproat	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Raimonds Laizāns (born 5 August 1964 in Riga) is a former Latvian football goalkeeper who played for Latvia national football team in the 1990s.	Raimonds Laizāns	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Antonis Papasavvas (Greek: Αντώνης Παπασάββας, born 20 March 1995) is a Greek footballer who last played for Superleague Greece club Olympiacos, as a midfielder.	Antonis Papasavvas	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Rahmanberdi Alyhanow (19 January 1986 -- 28 January 2014) was a Turkmen footballer, who played a goalkeeper for FC HTTU, Altyn Asyr FK and Turkmenistan national football team.	Rahmanberdi Alyhanow	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Željko Brkić (Serbian Cyrillic: Жељко Бркић, born 9 July 1986) is a Serbian football goalkeeper who plays for Carpi on loan from Udinese.	Željko Brkić	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Makazole Mapimpi (born 26 July 1990 in Mdantsane, South Africa) is a South African rugby union player who currently plays as a winger or a centre with the Border Bulldogs.	Makazole Mapimpi	centre
position played on team / speciality	Aleksandar Dubljević (Cyrillic: Aлeкcaндap Дубљeвић, born 9 March 1985) is a Montenegrin football defender who plays for FK Jedinstvo Bijelo Polje.	Aleksandar Dubljević	defender
position played on team / speciality	Sérgio Manoel Júnior, commonly known simply as Sérgio Manoel (born March 2, 1972), was a professional association football attacking midfielder, who played for several Campeonato Brasileiro Série A clubs, and the Brazilian national team.	Sérgio Manoel	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Liam Jacob (born 18 August 1994) is an Australian professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper.	Liam Jacob	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Lydia Miraoui is an Algerian football midfielder who plays for ASE Alger Centre.	Lydia Miraoui	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Antonio Gonzales (born 16 May 1986) is a Peruvian footballer who currently plays for Universitario de Deportes in the Torneo Descentralizado, as a defensive midfielder.	Antonio Gonzales	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Diogo Jefferson Mendes de Melo commonly known as Diogo Melo (born 18 April 1984 in Uniao dos Palmares) is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a midfielder for Olhanense in the Segunda Liga.	Diogo Jefferson Mendes de Melo	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Daniel Bernhardsson (born 31 January 1978 in Årsunda) is a Swedish footballer who plays for Gefle IF in Allsvenskan as a defender.	Daniel Bernhardsson	defender
position played on team / speciality	Baha' Faisal Abu Seif (born in 1995) is a Jordanian football player, of Palestinian descent, who is a forward for Al-Wahdat SC and Jordan U-19.	Baha' Faisal	forward
position played on team / speciality	Teddy Richert (born 21 September 1974 in Avignon) is a former French football goalkeeper, that spent the most of his career in Sochaux-Montbéliard.	Teddy Richert	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Kristin Demann is a German football defender, currently playing for TSG Hoffenheim.	Kristin Demann	defender
position played on team / speciality	Thomaz Soares da Silva, also known as Zizinho (Portuguese pronunciation: (ziˈzĩɲu); born October 14, 1921 -- died February 8, 2002), was a Brazilian football player, who played as an attacking midfielder or Inside forward for Brazil's national team.	Zizinho	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Lesly de Sa (born 2 April 1993) is a Dutch professional football player of Angolan descent, who plays as a right winger for Willem II, on loan from Ajax, in the Dutch Eredivisie.	Lesly de Sa	winger
position played on team / speciality	Maksim Zhalmagambetov (Russian: Максим Жалмағамбетов) is a Kazakh football defender.	Maksim Zhalmagambetov	defender
position played on team / speciality	Robbie Henderson (born 11 October 1982) is a Scottish footballer, who plays as a defender for Pollok F.C. in the Scottish Junior Football Association, West Region.	Robbie Henderson	defender
position played on team / speciality	Pedro Iarley Lima Dantas or simply Iarley (born March 29, 1974 in Quixeramobim, Brazil) is a Brazilian retired footballer who played mainly as an attacking midfielder.	Iarley	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Raffaele Chiarelli (born 23 March 1990) is a Belgian football midfielder who last played for RUS Rebecquoise in Belgium.	Raffaele Chiarelli	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Gonzalo Garavano (born 26 November 1982 in Buenos Aires) is an Argentine football forward who plays for Sarmiento de Resistencia.	Gonzalo Garavano	forward
position played on team / speciality	Nir Davidovich (Hebrew: ניר דוידוביץ'‎; also spelled Davidovitch; born 17 December 1976) is a former Israeli goalkeeper who played for Maccabi Haifa football club and the Israeli national team.	Nir Davidovich	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	José Eduardo da Silva Barbosa Alves (born 24 March 1981 in Vila Nova de Famalicão, Braga District), known as José Eduardo, is a Portuguese footballer who plays as a goalkeeper.	José Eduardo da Silva Barbosa Alves	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Sam Nusum (born 3 October 1943) is a retired soccer player from Bermuda who played at both professional and international levels as a goalkeeper.	Sam Nusum	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Jamal Sutton (born March 22, 1982) was an American soccer forward who played professionally in Major League Soccer and the USL First Division.	Jamal Sutton	forward
position played on team / speciality	Alberto Orlando (born 27 September 1938) is an Italian former footballer who played at both professional and international levels as a midfielder or as a forward.	Alberto Orlando	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Pierre Phelipon (born 5 February 1935) is a former French football defender who played for RC Paris, Stade Français, Grenoble, Rouen, Angoulême, Stade Saint-Germain and Paris SG.	Pierre Phelipon	defender
position played on team / speciality	Dean Snedker (born 17 November 1994) is an English footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Kidderminster Harriers.	Dean Snedker	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Dominique Bijotat (born 3 January 1961 in Chassignoles, Indre) is a former professional French football midfielder from France, who obtained eight international caps (no goals) for the French national team during the 1980s.	Dominique Bijotat	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Jamuovandu Ngatjizeko (born December 28, 1984 in Omaruru) is a Namibian football midfielder currently playing for African Stars.	Jamuovandu Ngatjizeko	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Antonín Kinský (born 31 May 1975) is a Czech former professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper.	Antonín Kinský	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Alexander McLardy (1867--1913) was a Scottish professional footballer who played as a centre forward.	Alexander McLardy	forward
position played on team / speciality	Radislav Dragićević (Cyrillic: Paдиcлaв Дpaгићeвић, born 13 September 1971 in Titograd, current Podgorica) is a former Montenegrin football midfielder.	Radislav Dragićević	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Roberto Chery (February 16, 1896 in Montevideo, Uruguay -- May 30, 1919 in Rio de Janeiro, Brasil) was a Uruguayan football goalkeeper who played during the days of amateur sport in the Uruguayan Primera División (1900--1931).	Roberto Chery	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Darko Božović (Cyrillic: Дарко Божовић; born 9 August 1978) is a Montenegrin professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper.	Darko Božović	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Sadio Sow (born March 13, 1976) is a Senegalese association football player who currently plays as a winger for Cherbourg.	Sadio Sow	winger
position played on team / speciality	Félix Asdrúbal Padrón Hernández (born 13 March 1991), simply known as Asdrúbal, is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Leganés on loan from UD Las Palmas as a winger or forward.	Asdrúbal Padrón	forward
position played on team / speciality	Gregor Zabret (born 18 August 1995) is a Slovenian football goalkeeper, who plays for Barclays Premier League side Swansea City.	Gregor Zabret	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Xhino Sejdo (born 30 April 1991 in Tiranë) is an Albanian footballer who currently plays as a goalkeeper for Kamza.	Xhino Sejdo	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Ásgeir Börkur Ásgeirsson (born 16 April 1987) is an Icelandic footballer who plays as a midfielder for GAIS in the Swedish Superettan.	Ásgeir Börkur Ásgeirsson	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Marco Turati (born 15 May 1982 in Lecco) is an Italian football (soccer) defender.	Marco Turati	defender
position played on team / speciality	Juan Revi Auriqto is an Indonesian footballer of Chinese Indonesians descent who currently plays for Arema Cronus in the Indonesia Super League as a midfielder.	Juan Revi	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Arūnas Šuika (born 16 May 1970) is a former Lithuanian international footballer and now coach that played as midfielder.	Arūnas Šuika	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Igor Stefanović (Serbian Cyrillic: Игор Стефановић; born 17 July 1987) is a Serbian football goalkeeper who plays for Portuguese club Moreirense F.C..	Igor Stefanović	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Jack Prince (6 June 1906 -- 13 October 1971) was an English football goalkeeper who played for Nantwich, Oldham Athletic, Port Vale, Rochdale, Wrexham, Shrewsbury Town, Northwich Victoria, and Crewe Alexandra.	Jack Prince	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Leonardo Augusto Bonifácio (born 14 January 1983 in Foz do Iguaçu, Paraná), commonly known as Léo Bonfim, is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for S.C. Salgueiros 08 in Portugal as a central defender.	Leonardo Augusto Bonifácio	defender
position played on team / speciality	Salvador Funet Sardina (born 2 June 1981 in Madrid), commonly known as Salva, is a Spanish retired professional footballer who played as a central defender.	Salvador Funet Sardina	defender
position played on team / speciality	Alisha Bass is an Australian association football midfielder.	Alisha Bass	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Andrei Cojocari (born 21 January 1987) is a Moldovan football player for Milsami Orhei and the Moldova national team as a midfielder.	Andrei Cojocari	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Nicholas La Monaca (born December 19, 1992 in Montreal, Quebec) is a former Italian-Canadian footballer who played as a goalkeeper.	Nicholas La Monaca	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Miguel Ramírez Pérez (born 11 June 1970), nicknamed ``Cheíto'', is a retired Chilean football defender.	Miguel Ramírez	defender
position played on team / speciality	Dalibor Filipović (born 28 September 1974) is a former Croatian football forward, who also played for several Croatian and Slovenian football clubs.	Dalibor Filipović	forward
position played on team / speciality	Deyan Borisov (Bulgarian: Деян Борисов; born 1 March 1989) is a Bulgarian footballer currently playing as a midfielder for Botev Vratsa.	Deyan Borisov	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Kostas Mendrinos (Greek: Κώστας Μενδρινός, born 28 May 1985) is a Greek football player currently playing as a midfielder for Platanias in the Greek Superleague.	Kostas Mendrinos	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Robert Betts, (born 21 December 1981 in Doncaster) is an English footballer who plays as a midfielder currently playing non-league football.	Robert Betts	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Juma Rashed (12 December 1972) is an Emirati football goalkeeper who played for United Arab Emirates in the 2004 AFC Asian Cup.	Juma Rashed	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Jozef Štafura (born 11 September 1948 in Pavlovce nad Uhom, Czechoslovakia) is a former Slovak football midfielder who played for Strážske and mostly for VSS Košice (1969--80).	Jozef Štafura	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Aung Thike (Burmese: အောင်သိုက်; also spelled Aung Thaik ; born 5 April 1988) is a footballer from Burma, and a defender for the Myanmar national football team and Yangon United.He is two-time Myanmar National League winner with his club, Yangon United.	Aung Thike	defender
position played on team / speciality	Anderson Aparecido Salles (born 16 February 1988 in Araçariguama, São Paulo), known as Anderson Salles, is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a central defender for Vasco da Gama.	Anderson Salles	defender
position played on team / speciality	Benny Gall (born March 14, 1971) is a Danish former football goalkeeper and currently the manager of Danish 2nd Division club BK Avarta.	Benny Gall	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Armen Babalaryan (Russian: Армен Бабаларян; born 15 August 1971) is an Armenian football midfielder.	Armen Babalaryan	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Rade Krunić (Serbian Cyrillic: Раде Крунић; born 7 October 1993) is a Bosnian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Italian club club Empoli and the Bosnia and Herzegovina national team.	Rade Krunić	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Ablie Jagne (died 23 December 2015) was a Gambian footballer who played for Real de Banjul and the national team, as a defender.	Ablie Jagne	defender
position played on team / speciality	Florian Jarjat is a French football player (born 18 February 1980 in Valence, Drôme), he currently plays for Troyes AC as a left defender.	Florian Jarjat	defender
position played on team / speciality	Florian Pinteaux (born 2 April 1992 in Creil) is a French professional footballer who currently plays for Châteauroux as a defender.	Florian Pinteaux	defender
position played on team / speciality	Spencer Carbery (born November 9, 1981 in Victoria, British Columbia) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey left winger who is currently the head coach for the South Carolina Stingrays of the ECHL.	Spencer Carbery	winger
position played on team / speciality	Éric Messier (born October 29, 1973) is a Canadian former defenceman in the National Hockey League.	Éric Messier	defenceman
position played on team / speciality	Fábio Bittencourt da Costa (born May 16, 1977 in Duque de Caxias), best known simply as Fábio Costa, is a Brazilian football midfielder.	Fábio Bittencourt da Costa	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Siniša Končalović (born 24 October 1966) is a Croatian retired footballer who played as a midfielder for clubs in Yugoslavia, Spain, Greece, Portugal, Austria and Belgium.	Siniša Končalović	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Tin Win Aung (born 14 April 1992) is a Burmese professional footballer who plays as a midfielder.	Tin Win Aung	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Hudson Lima Da Silva (born 8 April 1984 in Pernambuco) is a Brazilian football player who plays as a midfielder for Bhawanipore in the I-League 2nd Division.	Hudson Lima Da Silva	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Thiago Galhardo do Nascimento Rocha or simply Thiago Galhardo (born 20 July 1989 in São João del-Rei) is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Coritiba as an attacking midfielder.	Thiago Galhardo	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Peter Duerden (born June 5, 1945 in Burnley) is a retired English-Canadian association football defender who played professionally in the North American Soccer League and the Major Indoor Soccer League.	Peter Duerden	defender
position played on team / speciality	Hans á Lag (born 26 September 1974) is a Faroese football player, a defender, a former badminton player and a former handball player, goal keeper.	Hans á Lag	defender
position played on team / speciality	Harry McNaughton (born 6 April 1894, date of death unknown) was a Scottish footballer who played as a goalkeeper.	Harry McNaughton	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Kristian Flittie Onstad (born 9 May 1984) is a Norwegian professional footballer defender who plays for Moss.	Kristian Flittie Onstad	defender
position played on team / speciality	Sacha Opinel (born 9 April 1977) is a French professional footballer who was last attached to Harlow Town and played as a defender.	Sacha Opinel	defender
position played on team / speciality	Ľubomír Višňovský (Slovak pronunciation: (ˈʎubɔˌmiːr ˈviʃɲɔu̯ˌskiː); born August 11, 1976) is a Slovak professional ice hockey defenceman.	Ľubomír Višňovský	defenceman
position played on team / speciality	Othusitse Pilane (born 26 February 1984) is a Botswana footballer, who currently plays for Mochudi Centre Chiefs and Botswana national football team at 2012 Africa Cup of Nations as a midfielder.	Othusitse Pilane	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Alex Carrie was a Scottish soccer center forward who played professionally in both Scotland and the United States during the early twentieth century.	Alex Carrie	forward
position played on team / speciality	Sedat Yeşilkaya (born 10 June 1980) is a Turkish professional footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for Konya Şekerspor in the TFF Second League.	Sedat Yeşilkaya	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Dia Saba (Arabic: ضياء سبع‎, Hebrew: דיא סבע‎; born November 18, 1992), is an Arab-Israeli footballer who plays as a midfielder for Israeli Premier League club Maccabi Netanya.	Dia Saba	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Linval Dixon (born 14 September 1971 in Old Harbour Bay, Saint Catherine, Jamaica) is a retired Jamaican football defender and currently head coach at Portmore United.	Linval Dixon	defender
position played on team / speciality	Nikon El Maestro (born Nikon Jevtić (Serbian Cyrillic: Никон Јевтић); 3 June 1993 in Belgrade) is a Serbian-English football midfielder, currently playing for FK Hollabrunn in the Austrian Gebiets Liga.Nikon was regarded as one of the best and most talented players in youth football.	Nikon Jevtić	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Lars Winde (born 3 December 1975) is a retired Danish professional football goalkeeper, who last played for Esbjerg fB, where he is now working as the goalkeeper coach.	Lars Winde	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Laura Neboli (born 14 March 1988) is an Italian football defender who plays for MSV Duisburg of the German Bundesliga.	Laura Neboli	defender
position played on team / speciality	Ronni Hansen (born 30 June 1988) is a Danish professional football midfielder.	Ronni Hansen	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Esmond Million is a former football goalkeeper.	Esmond Million	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Marcel Sobottka (born 25 April 1994) is a German footballer who plays as a defender or defensive midfielder for Fortuna Düsseldorf in the 2.	Marcel Sobottka	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Jonatas Figueira Fernandes, commonly known as Jô (born 16 January 1992), is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for São Caetano as a forward.	Jonatas Figueira Fernandes	forward
position played on team / speciality	Adán Godoy Rubina (born 26 November 1936) is a Chilean football goalkeeper who played for Chile in the 1962 and 1966 FIFA World Cups.	Adán Godoy	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Jean-Jacques Gosso Gosso (born 15 March 1983 in Abidjan) is an Ivorian footballer who plays as a midfielder and he is currently playing for Turkish side Göztepe.	Jean-Jacques Gosso	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Carlos Rodas is a Colombian football forward.	Carlos Rodas	forward
position played on team / speciality	Diego Antonio Reyes Rosales (born 19 September 1992) is a Mexican professional footballer who plays as a central defender for Spanish club Real Sociedad, on loan from Porto, and the Mexico national team.	Diego Antonio Reyes	defender
position played on team / speciality	Juan Francisco Ferreri Samuel (born 30 July 1970 in Florida) commonly known as Juan Ferreri, is a former Uruguayan footballer who used to play as a midfielder and now is assistant coach of Jorge Giordano in Racing.	Juan Ferreri	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Savvas Constantinou (born August 28, 1971) is a former international Cypriot football goalkeeper.	Savvas Constantinou	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Dmytro Nepohodov (Ukrainian: Дмитро Михайлович Непогодов; born 17 February 1988 in Kiev, in the Ukrainian SSR of the Soviet Union - in present-day Ukraine) is a Ukrainian football goalkeeper.	Dmytro Nepohodov	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Zapryan Zapryanov (Bulgarian: Запрян Запрянов; born 15 June 1994) is a Bulgarian footballer who currently plays for Maritsa Plovdiv as a midfielder.	Zapryan Zapryanov	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Ranko Zirojević (Serbian Cyrillic: Ранко Зиројевић; born 1 September 1967) is a former Montenegrin footballer who played as a midfielder.	Ranko Zirojević	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Kuzman Sotirovski changed in Kuzman Sotirović (Serbian Cyrillic: Kузман Coтировић, born 16 October 1908; died 25 July 1990) was a Macedonian born Serbian and Yugoslav football forward.	Kuzman Sotirović	forward
position played on team / speciality	Jens Jeremies (born 5 March 1974) is a retired German footballer who played as a defensive midfielder.	Jens Jeremies	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Nilo Murtinho Braga, best known as Nilo (April 3, 1903 -- February 7, 1975) was an association footballer in forward striker role.	Nilo Murtinho Braga	forward
position played on team / speciality	Yves Vanderhaeghe (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈi fɑn.dɛr.ˈɦaːʝə); born 30 January 1970 in Roeselaere) is a Belgian retired footballer who played as a defensive midfielder, and the current manager of K.V. Oostende.	Yves Vanderhaeghe	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Keith Skillen (26 May 1948 -- 7 August 2013) was an English professional footballer who played as a forward.	Keith Skillen	forward
position played on team / speciality	John Goudie (5 July 1857 -- 23 April 1921) was a Scottish footballer who played as a centre forward.	John Goudie	forward
position played on team / speciality	Óscar Arpón Ochoa (born 9 April 1975) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as an attacking midfielder, and the current manager of CA River Ebro.	Óscar Arpón	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Jean Francisco Rodrigues (born 28 November 1977), commonly known as Jean Paulista, is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a forward or an attacking midfielder.	Jean Paulista	forward
position played on team / speciality	Jakub Jakubov (born 1 February 1989) is a Slovak-Czech football goalkeeper who currently plays for Budissa Bautzen.	Jakub Jakubov	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Vladan Milosavljev (Serbian Cyrillic: Владан Милосављев; born 1 February 1987) is a Serbian football midfielder who currently plays for FK Borac Banja Luka in the Premier League of Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Vladan Milosavljev	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Petar Radenković (Serbian Cyrillic: Пeтap Paдeнкoвић; born 1 October 1934) is a Serbian football goalkeeper who played for SFR Yugoslavia.	Petar Radenković	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Ermal Tahiri (born 27 April 1969) was an Albanian international footballer who played as a midfielder for a number of clubs in Albania and Greece.	Ermal Tahiri	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Mischell Miljević-Sachpekidis (Serbian Cyrillic: Мишел Миљевић-Схпекидис; born 30 October 1989) is a Swedish Serb football midfielder who plays for Radnik Surdulica in Serbian First League.	Mischell Miljević-Sachpekidis	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Sébastien Bruno (born 26 August 1974 in Nîmes, France) is a French rugby union footballer who plays as a hooker for Toulon and formerly for France.	Sébastien Bruno	hooker
position played on team / speciality	Gordon West (24 April 1943 -- 10 June 2012) was an English professional football goalkeeper.	Gordon West	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Angelos Digozis (Greek: Άγγελος Διγκόζης; born 19 March 1974) is a retired Greek footballer and currently a manager, who played mainly as a defensive midfielder.	Angelos Digozis	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Walter McFadden, Jr. (born January 21, 1987) is a former American football cornerback.	Walter McFadden	cornerback
position played on team / speciality	Guillermo Rafael de Amores Ravelo (born October 19, 1994 in San Jacinto), commonly known as Guillermo de Amores, is a Uruguayan footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Liverpool in the Uruguayan Primera División.	Guillermo de Amores	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Rachel Alonso (born 14 January 1994) is an Australian football (soccer) forward who plays for Bundoora United FC in the Victorian Women's Premier League.	Rachel Alonso	forward
position played on team / speciality	Gregg Naumenko (born March 30, 1977 in Chicago, Illinois) is an American professional ice hockey goaltender.	Gregg Naumenko	goaltender
position played on team / speciality	Nur Nurhan Çakmak, aka Nurhan Çakmak, (born June 3, 1981) is a Turkish women's football forward currently playing in the Second League for Kireçburnu with jersey number 20.	Nurhan Çakmak	forward
position played on team / speciality	Hamza Aït Ouamar (Arabic: حمزة ايت وعمر‎) (born December 6, 1986 in Algiers) is an Algerian football midfielder who currently plays for USM El Harrach in the Algerian Ligue Professionnelle 1.	Hamza Aït Ouamar	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Terry Springthorpe (December 4, 1923 in Draycott, England -- July 25, 2006) was an English-American football (soccer) defender.	Terry Springthorpe	defender
position played on team / speciality	Dejan Dražić (Serbian Cyrillic: Дејан Дражић; born 26 September 1995) is a Serbian professional footballer who plays as a left winger for Spanish club Celta de Vigo.	Dejan Dražić	winger
position played on team / speciality	Rocky Dundas (born January 30, 1967 in Regina, Saskatchewan) is a retired Canadian ice hockey right winger.	Rocky Dundas	winger
position played on team / speciality	Dušan Kuciak (Slovak pronunciation: (ˈduʃan ˈkutsiak); born 21 May 1985) is a Slovak professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Hull City and the Slovakia national team.	Dušan Kuciak	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Ella Masar McLeod (born April 3, 1986) is an American-Canadian soccer forward and full-back for FC Rosengård in Sweden.	Ella Masar	forward
position played on team / speciality	Natalia Shlyapina, born Mokshanova, is a Russian football forward, currently playing for Rossiyanka in the Russian Championship.	Natalia Shlyapina	forward
position played on team / speciality	Stelian Isac (born 5 May 1984 in Panciu) is a Romanian football (soccer) defender, currently playing for Voinţa Crevedia in Liga 4 Ilfov.	Stelian Isac	defender
position played on team / speciality	Børre Steenslid (born 25 May 1985) is a Norwegian former footballer, who played as a defender for Sogndal, Viking and Molde.	Børre Steenslid	defender
position played on team / speciality	Rafał Murawski (Polish pronunciation: (ˈrafaw muˈrafskʲi), born 9 October 1981 in Malbork), is a Polish football midfielder who is currently playing for Pogoń Szczecin.	Rafał Murawski	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	David Sturrock (born in Dundee) is a former footballer who played as a forward in the Scottish Football League and The Football League in the 1950s and 1960s.	David Sturrock	forward
position played on team / speciality	Leandro Castán da Silva (born 5 November 1986) is a Brazilian international footballer who plays for Italian club Roma as a centre back.	Leandro Castán	centre back
position played on team / speciality	Marijan Urtić (born 16 January 1991 in SFR Yugoslavia) is a Croatian professional footballer who currently plays as a defender for Swiss Challenge League side Wohlen.	Marijan Urtić	defender
position played on team / speciality	Marek Sadowski is a retired Polish association football defender who played professionally in Poland, Finland and the United States	Marek Sadowski	defender
position played on team / speciality	Lazar Cvetković (Serbian Cyrillic: Лазар Цветковић; born 13 October 1995) is a Serbian football midfielder who plays for Tabane Trgovački, on loan from Jagodina.	Lazar Cvetković	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Giovanni Dekeyser (born 10 December 1976 in Bruges) is a Belgian football midfielder who currently plays for East Flanders lower league side K.F.C. Eeklo.	Giovanni Dekeyser	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Jim Sharkey (12 February 1934 -- 19 October 2014) was a Scottish professional footballer who played as a forward.	Jim Sharkey	forward
position played on team / speciality	Abdullah Farouk (Arabic: عبدالله فاروق‎) (born on 19 August 1986 in Egypt) is an Egyptian football midfielder who plays for Egyptian Premier League club Al-Ahly	Abdullah Farouk	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Christer Lipovac (born 7 March 1996) is a Swedish footballer, of Croatian descent, who plays for Karlslunds IF as a forward.	Christer Lipovac	forward
position played on team / speciality	Rudolph Pearce (born 18 December 1945) is a Jamaican footballer who played at both professional and international levels as a defender.	Rudolph Pearce	defender
position played on team / speciality	Félix Pie Dofen (/ˈpiːeɪ/ PEE-ay; born February 8, 1985) is a Dominican professional baseball outfielder who is currently a free agent.	Félix Pie	outfielder
position played on team / speciality	Hugo Emilio Mora López (born March 7, 1978) simply known as Emilio Mora is a former Mexican footballer who played as a forward.	Emilio Mora	forward
position played on team / speciality	Alan Beer (born 11 March 1950) is a Welsh-born former footballer who played as a forward in the Football League during the 1970s, most notably with Exeter City.	Alan Beer	forward
position played on team / speciality	Robert Smyth McColl (13 April 1876 -- 1959) was a Scottish footballer who played as a centre forward.	Robert Smyth McColl	forward
position played on team / speciality	Domenico Doardo (born 3 July 1974) is an Italian former professional footballer and current goalkeeper coach of Premier League side Sunderland A.F.C..	Domenico Doardo	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Artur Yuspashyan (Armenian: Արթուր Յուսպաշյան; born 7 September 1989) is an Armenian professional football defender, currently with Armenian Premier League club Pyunik.	Artur Yuspashyan	defender
position played on team / speciality	Ronny Keller (born 6 October 1979) is a former ice hockey defenceman.	Ronny Keller	defenceman
position played on team / speciality	Isa Demir (born 10 August 1985) is a Swedish-Assyrian footballer who plays as a defender.	Isa Demir	defender
position played on team / speciality	Rafael García Cortés (born 18 January 1958) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a defender.	Rafael García Cortés	defender
position played on team / speciality	Jean Efala Komguep (born 11 August 1992 in Nkon) is a Cameroonian footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Coton Sport F.C. and has represented the national team at U-20 and senior levels.	Jean Efala	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Connor McDonald (born 15 April 1994) is a Scottish professional footballer, currently playing as a left back or midfielder for Livingston in the Scottish Championship.	Connor McDonald	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Baruc Nsue Burcet (born 2 November 1984), simply known as Baruc, is an Equatoguinean football midfielder, who plays for UE Tona in the Spanish Primera Catalana.	Baruc Nsue	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Richard Knopper (born 29 August 1977) is a Dutch former footballer who played as an attacking midfielder.	Richard Knopper	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Ihor Berezovskyi (Ukrainian: Ігор Олегович Березовський; born 24 August 1990 in Kirovohrad) is a Ukrainian football goalkeeper currently playing for Belgium club Sint-Truiden in the Belgian Second Division, on loan from Lierse in the Jupiler Pro League.	Ihor Berezovskyi	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Francisco García Gómez (born 14 February 1938 in Oviedo, Asturias), commonly known as Paquito, is a Spanish retired football midfielder and manager.	Francisco García Gómez	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Kristiyan Petkov (Bulgarian: Кристиян Петков; born 19 August 1994) is a Bulgarian footballer who currently plays as a winger for Dobrudzha Dobrich.	Kristiyan Petkov	winger
position played on team / speciality	Renato Jurčec (born 4 June 1966) is a retired Croatian football player who played as a forward.	Renato Jurčec	forward
position played on team / speciality	Andrea Schenetti (born 9 March 1991) is an Italian professional footballer who plays as a forward for Prima Divisione club Sorrento.	Andrea Schenetti	forward
position played on team / speciality	Zana Allée (Arabic: زانا علي‎, born 1 March 1994) is an Iraqi Kurdish-born French footballer who plays as a midfielder for AC Ajaccio in the French Ligue 2.	Zana Allée	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Ufuk Özbek (born 1 September 1992) is a Turkish footballer who last played for Borussia Dortmund II. He is the brother of Barış Özbek who is also a midfielder.	Ufuk Özbek	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Gérson Caçapa (full name Gérson Cândido de Paula) (born 1 June 1967 in São Paulo, Brazil) is a former football midfielder.	Gérson Caçapa	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Haykeul Chikhaoui (born 4 September 1996) is a French-born Tunisian footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for Ligue 2 side FC Sochaux-Montbéliard.	Haykeul Chikhaoui	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Tommy Parkin (born 1 February 1956) is a retired English professional football midfielder who occasionally played as a full-back.	Tommy Parkin	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Apostolos Tsoptsis was born on 29 August 1972 at Esovalta, a village near Krya Vrysi, Pella and plays as a defender.	Apostolos Tsoptsis	defender
position played on team / speciality	Joop van Daele (born 14 August 1947 in Rotterdam) is a retired Dutch footballer who was active as a defender.	Joop van Daele	defender
position played on team / speciality	Oscar Briceño (born September 6, 1985 in Cúcuta, Norte de Santander) is a Colombian football forward who plays for Mineros de Guayana in Venezuela.	Oscar Briceño	forward
position played on team / speciality	Carlos Manuel da Silva Cunha (born 6 March 1977), known as Carlitos, is a retired Portuguese footballer who played as a right winger.	Carlos Manuel da Silva Cunha	winger
position played on team / speciality	Walter Porritt (19 July 1914 -- 1993) was an English professional footballer who played as a winger or an inside forward in the Football League for York City and was on the books of Huddersfield Town without making a league appearance.	Walter Porritt	winger
position played on team / speciality	Ryan MacBeth (born 29 April 1991) is a Scottish football midfielder who is currently playing for Scottish Junior club Pollok.	Ryan MacBeth	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Barry Barto is a retired American soccer midfielder and college coach.	Barry Barto	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Sergio Santamaría González (born 16 July 1980) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as an attacking midfielder.	Sergio Santamaría	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Ron Phoenix (born 30 June 1929) is a footballer who played as a wing half in the Football League for Manchester City and Rochdale.	Ron Phoenix	wing half
position played on team / speciality	Stephen Heys (born 1879, date of death unknown) was an English professional footballer who played as a defender.	Stephen Heys	defender
position played on team / speciality	Adam Bennett (born March 30, 1971 in Georgetown, Ontario) is a former professional ice hockey defenceman and coach.	Adam Bennett	defenceman
position played on team / speciality	Yves Eigenrauch (born 24 April 1971) is a German former professional footballer, who played mainly as a right defender.	Yves Eigenrauch	defender
position played on team / speciality	Jan van Beveren (Dutch pronunciation: (jɑn vɑn ˈbeːvərə(n)), 5 March 1948 -- 26 June 2011) was a Dutch football player and coach, who played as a goalkeeper.	Jan van Beveren	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Ahmed Nofal is a Jordanian football player, of Palestinian origin, who currently plays as a forward for Shabab Al-Ordon.	Ahmed Nofal	forward
position played on team / speciality	Gábor Babos (Hungarian pronunciation: (ˈɡaːboɾ ˈbɒboʃ); born 24 October 1974 in Sopron) is a Hungarian former football goalkeeper.	Gábor Babos	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Peter Matshitse (born 13 December 1971) is a South African former professional footballer who played as a defender for Orlando Pirates, Moroka Swallows, Tembisa Classic, Lehurutshe Stocks Birds, Kaizer Chiefs, Zulu Royals, Black Leopards and Jomo Cosmos.	Peter Matshitse	defender
position played on team / speciality	Giannis Loukinas (Greek: Γιάννης Λουκίνας, born 20 September 1991) is a Greek footballer who plays for Iraklis in the Greek Football League, as a forward.	Giannis Loukinas	forward
position played on team / speciality	Rumen Shankulov (Bulgarian: Румен Шанкулов; born 22 August 1976) is a former Bulgarian footballer who played as a forward.	Rumen Shankulov	forward
position played on team / speciality	Aljaž Struna (born 4 August 1990 in Piran) is a Slovenian football defender/midfielder player currently playing for Palermo.	Aljaž Struna	defender
position played on team / speciality	Mika Noronen (born June 17, 1979 in Tampere, Finland) is a Finnish professional ice hockey goaltender, Malmö Redhawks of the Swedish Hockey League (SHL).	Mika Noronen	goaltender
position played on team / speciality	Liridon Selmani (born 12 June 1992) is an Albanian footballer, who plays for Varbergs BoIS as a forward Selmani has been part of Albania U21 starting in 2012.	Liridon Selmani	forward
position played on team / speciality	Jude Aneke (born April 23, 1990 in Enugu) is a Nigerian forward playing for Spartak Semey in Kazakhstan.	Jude Aneke	forward
position played on team / speciality	Iriney Santos da Silva (born 23 April 1981), known simply as Iriney, is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a central midfielder.	Iriney	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Ulf Göran Hagberg (born 8 November 1947 in Bjuv) is a former Swedish football goalkeeper.	Göran Hagberg	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Stefano Guberti (born 6 November 1984 in Sesto San Giovanni) is an Italian football player who plays as a midfielder for Serie B club Perugia.	Stefano Guberti	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Douglas Caetano Mattoso dos Santos (born 6 January 1981 in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil) is a Brazilian footballer who play as forward for Águila in the Salvadoran Primera División.	Douglas Caetano	forward
position played on team / speciality	Malcolm McVean (7 March 1871 -- 6 June 1907) was a Scottish association footballer who played as a winger.	Malcolm McVean	winger
position played on team / speciality	Alfred Porterfield (born 1869, deceased) was a professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper.	Alfred Porterfield	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Ryan Kavanagh (born February 12, 1991) is an ice hockey defenceman who currently plays for Braehead Clan, an Elite Ice Hockey League team based in Glasgow, Scotland.	Ryan Kavanagh	defenceman
position played on team / speciality	Derek Tomkinson (born 6 April 1931) is an English former footballer who played at inside-forward for Burton Albion, Port Vale, Crewe Alexandra, and Macclesfield Town.	Derek Tomkinson	forward
position played on team / speciality	Oğuz Dağlaroğlu (born 18 August 1979 in Istanbul) is a Turkish professional footballer who last played as a goalkeeper for Turkish club Adana Demirspor.	Oğuz Dağlaroğlu	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Vittorio Parigini (born 25 March 1996) is an Italian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Perugia on loan from Torino and the Italy national under-21 football team.	Vittorio Parigini	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Nicola Campinoti (born 20 May 1992 in Massa) is an Italian footballer who plays as a midfielder for Massese.	Nicola Campinoti	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Alex Spark (16 October 1949 -- 1993) was a Scottish professional footballer who played as a central defender for Preston North End, Motherwell and Bradford City.	Alex Spark	defender
position played on team / speciality	Đặng Văn Thành (born 30 September 1984) is a Vietnamese footballer who plays as a forward for V-League club Dong Nai F.C..	Đặng Văn Thành	forward
position played on team / speciality	William Ellis Bailiff (19 March 1882 -- 1972) was a footballer born in Ruabon in north-east Wales who played as a goalkeeper.	William Ellis Bailiff	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Chit Su Moe (born 4 December 1994) is a Burmese professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Chin United in Myanmar National League and Myanmar U23 football team.	Chit Su Moe	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Jordan Ferri (born 12 March 1992) is a French footballer who currently plays for French side Lyon, as midfielder.	Jordan Ferri	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Tsvetomir Tsankov (Bulgarian: Цветомир Цанков; born 6 June 1984 in Sofia) is a Bulgarian football goalkeeper who currently plays for Dunav Ruse.	Tsvetomir Tsankov	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Mohamed Amsif (Arabic: محمد أمسيف‎) (born 7 February 1989) is a German-born Moroccan football goalkeeper who plays for German 2.	Mohamed Amsif	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Vasil Kirov (Bulgarian: Васил Киров; born 7 December 1975) is a Bulgarian footballer currently (as of June 2007) playing for Lokomotiv Mezdra as a midfielder.	Vasil Kirov	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Branislav Vukosavljević (19 September 1929 in Belgrade -- 10 November 1985) was a Serbian football midfielder and later a football manager.	Branislav Vukosavljević	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Peter Kunter (born 28 April 1941 in Berlin, Germany) is a former professional football goalkeeper.	Peter Kunter	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Anatol Chirinciuc (born 4 February 1989, în Nisporeni) is a Moldovan football player, who currently plays for Zimbru Chișinău as goalkeeper.	Anatol Chirinciuc	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Jenna Smith (born July 25, 1988) is an American basketball center for the University of Illinois Fighting Illini, and a First team All-Big Ten in 2008 and 2009.	Jenna Smith	center
position played on team / speciality	Sam Gallagher (born 5 May 1991) is an Australian footballer who plays as a central defender for Manly United in the NSW NPL 1.	Sam Gallagher	defender
position played on team / speciality	Dario Tanda (born 2 January 1995) is a Dutch-born footballer who plays as a attacking midfielder for PEC Zwolle in the Dutch Eredivisie.	Dario Tanda	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Jonas Lössl (born 1 February 1989) is a Danish professional association football player in the goalkeeper position, who plays in Ligue 1 for EA Guingamp.	Jonas Lössl	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Alexander Scholz (born October 24, 1992) is a Danish footballer with German roots who currently plays as defender in for football club Standard Liége in the Belgian Pro League.	Alexander Scholz	defender
position played on team / speciality	Salvinu Schembri (19 October 1923 -- 15 December 2008) was a professional footballer, during his career he played for Sliema Wanderers, Valletta and Ħamrun Spartans, where he played as a midfielder.	Salvinu Schembri	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Alessandro Iacobucci (born 3 June 1991) is an Italian footballer who currently plays as a goalkeeper for Serie B side Virtus Entella.	Alessandro Iacobucci	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Doug Coutts is a Scottish former professional football defender who played for Aberdeen, Berwick Rangers, Wigan Athletic and Altrincham.	Doug Coutts	defender
position played on team / speciality	Filiz Koç (born October 6, 1986), aka Filiz Heilmann or Filiz Heilmann Koç, is a Turkish-German women's football midfielder, currently playing in the Turkish Women's First League for 1207 Antalya Muratpaşa Belediye Spor with jersey number 13.	Filiz Koç	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Darko Krsteski (Macedonian: Дарко Крстески; born 9 August 1971) is a retired Macedonian football defender and current coach of Pobeda Prilep.	Darko Krsteski	defender
position played on team / speciality	Biser Mihaylov (Bulgarian: Бисер Михайлов; born 30 June 1943 in Sofia) is a former Bulgarian footballer who played as a goalkeeper.	Biser Mihaylov	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Jairo Montaño (born July 9, 1979 in Guayaquil, Ecuador) is a football defender.	Jairo Montaño	defender
position played on team / speciality	Evren Özyiğit (born 1 January 1986) is a Turkish footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Aydınspor 1923.	Evren Özyiğit	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Heinz Lindner (born 17 July 1990) is an Austrian football goalkeeper who plays for Eintracht Frankfurt and the Austria national football team.	Heinz Lindner	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Motshweneng Simon Gopane (born 26 December 1970 in Bloemfontein) is a South African football coach and a former international goalkeeper.	Simon Gopane	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Jeff Storrs (born April 13, 1965) is a former U.S. soccer goalkeeper who spent two seasons in the Western Soccer Alliance and one in the American Professional Soccer League.	Jeff Storrs	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Denis Godla (born April 4, 1995) is a Slovak professional ice hockey goaltender playing for Kokkolan Hermes of the Mestis legue.	Denis Godla	goaltender
position played on team / speciality	Masoud Haghjou (Persian: مسعود حق جو‎, born June 30, 1986) is an Iranian football player, who plays in the defender position.	Masoud Haghjou	defender
position played on team / speciality	Amaury Epaminondas Junqueira (born 25 December 1935) is a retired Brazilian football forward who played for Brazilian club San Paolo and for several Mexicans clubs.	Amaury Epaminondas	forward
position played on team / speciality	Ronaldo Conceição Silveira, usually known as Ronaldo Conceição (born 3 April 1987), is a Brazilian football defender.	Ronaldo Conceição	defender
position played on team / speciality	Judikael Magique Goualy (born 21 January 1993 in Abidjan) simply Magique, is an Ivorian footballer who plays as a forward for Turkish club Şanlıurfaspor, on loan from Académica de Coimbra.	Judikael Magique Goualy	forward
position played on team / speciality	Jefferson de Jesus Santos (born 14 April 1993), known simply as Jefferson, is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for Croatian club HNK Hajduk Split as a defensive midfielder.	Jefferson de Jesus Santos	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Karen Dokhoyan (Armenian: Կարեն Դոխոյան, born on 6 October 1976 in Yerevan, Soviet Union) is a former Armenian football defender.	Karen Dokhoyan	defender
position played on team / speciality	Pape Mamadou Diouf (born 31 December 1982) is an Senegalese footballer who plays as a goalkeeper.	Pape Mamadou Diouf	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Abijah Rivers (born 25 March 1988) is a Caymanian footballer who plays as a defender.	Abijah Rivers	defender
position played on team / speciality	Miphy Lupini (born in Kinshasa) is football goalkeeper who last played for Golden Arrows.	Miphy Lupini	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Jan Oblak (born 7 January 1993) is a Slovenian professional footballer who plays for Spanish club Atlético Madrid and the Slovenia national team as a goalkeeper.	Jan Oblak	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Chris Glennon is a footballer who played as a forward in the Football League for Manchester City and Tranmere Rovers.	Chris Glennon	forward
position played on team / speciality	Brad Cruikshank (born February 14, 1979 in Kelowna, British Columbia) is a Canadian ice hockey winger	Brad Cruikshank	winger
position played on team / speciality	Dušan Cvetinović (born 24 December 1988) is a Serbian footballer who plays as a defender for the Ligue 2 club RC Lens, on loan from Haugesund.	Dušan Cvetinović	defender
position played on team / speciality	Archie Howarth (March quarter 1911 -- 20 July 1966) was an English association footballer who played as an outside forward.	Archie Howarth	forward
position played on team / speciality	Baptiste Reynet (born 28 October 1990 in Romans) is a French football player who plays as a goalkeeper for French club Dijon FCO in Ligue 2.	Baptiste Reynet	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Andy Chiodo (born April 25, 1983) is a Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender.	Andy Chiodo	goaltender
position played on team / speciality	Antônio Jorge Cecílio Sobrinho known as Toninho Cecílio (born May 27, 1967 in Avaré), is a Brazilian football manager and former defender.	Toninho Cecílio	defender
position played on team / speciality	Mohammad Ali Ramezanian (Persian: محمدعلی رمضانیان‎‎, born 19 February 1993) is an Iranian football goalkeeper currently playing for Tractor Sazi.	Mohammad Ali Ramezanian	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Craig Farley (born 17 March 1981) is an English footballer who played in The Football League as a defender.	Craig Farley	defender
position played on team / speciality	Kim Byung-oh (Hangul: 김병오; born 26 June 1989) is a South Korean footballer who plays as forward for Chungju Hummel in K League Challenge.	Kim Byung-oh	forward
position played on team / speciality	Geoff Molyneux (born 23 January 1943, Warrington) is a former English footballer who played as a winger.	Geoff Molyneux	winger
position played on team / speciality	Neil Jablonski (born 9 March 1983 in Glenrothes) is a Scottish footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for New South Wales Premier League side Hakoah Sydney City East FC.	Neil Jablonski	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Neill Rimmer (born 13 November 1967 in Liverpool) is an English former professional football midfielder.	Neill Rimmer	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Grigorios Athanasiou (Greek: Γρηγόρης Αθανασίου; born 9 March 1984) is a footballer who plays as goalkeeper.	Grigorios Athanasiou	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Patrick Nys (born 25 January 1969) is a Belgian former football goalkeeper who lasted played for F.C. Brussels.	Patrick Nys	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Lukáš Pazdera (born 6 March 1987) is a Czech football player, who currently plays for FC Tescoma Zlín as a defender.	Lukáš Pazdera	defender
position played on team / speciality	Francisco Jairo Silva Santos, commonly called as Jairo (born 31 January 1988 in Picos, Piauí) is a Brazilian football player at the position of midfielder for Vitória da Conquista.	Francisco Jairo Silva Santos	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Jaanus Veensalu (born 29 July 1964) is a retired football (soccer) defender from Estonia, who retired in 1997.	Jaanus Veensalu	defender
position played on team / speciality	Kabiru Akinsola Olarewaju (born 21 January 1991 in Imo State), known as Akinsola, is a Nigerian footballer who plays as a forward.	Kabiru Akinsola	forward
position played on team / speciality	Haraldur Freyr Guðmundsson (born 14 December 1981 in Keflavík) is an Icelandic professional football defender who plays for Keflavík in Iceland.	Haraldur Freyr Guðmundsson	defender
position played on team / speciality	Zdzisław Styczeń (born 16 October 1894 in Przemyśl -- died on 20 December 1978 in Kraków) was a footballer from Poland (midfielder) who played for such clubs as Cracovia and Wisła Kraków.	Zdzisław Styczeń	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Daniel Spivak (born 9 August 1988) is an Israeli-Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman currently playing for the Gwinnett Gladiators of the ECHL.	Daniel Spivak	defenceman
position played on team / speciality	Chetin Sadula (Bulgarian: Четин Садула, Turkish: Çetin Sadullah) (born 16 June 1987) is a Bulgarian footballer of Turkish ethnicity, who currently plays as a midfielder for Vitosha Bistritsa.	Chetin Sadula	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Liu Zhenli (simplified Chinese: 刘震理; traditional Chinese: 劉震理; pinyin: Liú Zhènlǐ; born June 26, 1985 in Qingdao, Shandong) is a Chinese football goalkeeper, who plays for Shandong Luneng in the Chinese Super League.	Liu Zhenli	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	David Nakhid (born 15 May 1964) is a Trinidadian former footballer who played at both professional and international levels, as a midfielder.	David Nakhid	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Thaís Helena da Silva or simply Thaís (born June 19, 1987), is a football (soccer) goalkeeper who currently plays for Brazilian club Corinthians and the Brazilian National Team.	Thaís Helena da Silva	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Raad Hammoudi Salman (April 20, 1954) is a retired Iraqi football player who represented his country as a goalkeeper in the Olympics and the World Cup.	Raad Hammoudi	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Louis Hon (11 September 1924 -- 5 January 2008) was a French association football defender and manager.	Louis Hon	defender
position played on team / speciality	Evandro Carlos Escardalete (born 12 February 1974 in São Paulo), known simply as Evandro, is a Brazilian retired footballer who played mainly as a forward.	Evandro Carlos Escardalete	forward
position played on team / speciality	Aung Zaw (Burmese: အောင်ဇော်; born 5 March 1990) is a footballer from Burma, and a defender for Myanmar national football team.	Aung Zaw	defender
position played on team / speciality	Natalia Mills (born 22 March 1993) is a Panamanian football player who currently plays as a defender.	Natalia Mills	defender
position played on team / speciality	Lee Howey (born April 1, 1969 in Sunderland) is a former English football player, and the older brother of former Newcastle United and England defender Steve Howey.	Lee Howey	defender
position played on team / speciality	Franck Semou (born 25 August 1992 in Copenhagen) is a Danish professional football player, currently playing as a defensive midfielder for Brumunddal.	Franck Semou	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	WNY Flash defender Australian International Teigen Allen subbed in, marking her debut in the WNY Flash vs Seattle Reign on 22 June at Sahlen's Stadium.	Teigen Allen	defender
position played on team / speciality	Jesús Valeriano Nchama Oyono (born 18 June 1995), known as Valeriano, is an Equatoguinean football midfielder, who plays for Altovicentino in the Italian Serie D. He also holds Italian passport.	Valeriano Nchama	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Karen Muradyan (Armenian: Կարեն Մուրադյան, born 1 November 1992 in Gyumri) is an Armenian football player who currently plays midfielder for the Armenian national team and for Armenian Premier League club Alashkert FC.	Karen Muradyan	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Antonis Vasiliou (Greek: Αντώνης Βασιλείου, born 23 April 1996) is a Cypriot footballer who plays for AEL Limassol as a midfielder.	Antonis Vasiliou	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Marcus Horan (born 7 September 1977, Clonlara, County Clare, Ireland) is a retired Irish rugby union player who played Prop for Munster and Ireland.	Marcus Horan	Prop
position played on team / speciality	Damjan Vuklišević (born 28 June 1995) is a Slovenian football defender who plays for Krško on loan from Maribor.	Damjan Vuklišević	defender
position played on team / speciality	Edgars Burlakovs (born 6 January 1974) is a former football midfielder from Latvia.	Edgars Burlakovs	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Rodrigo Contreras (born 27 October 1995 in Tucumán), better known as Tucu, is an Argentine footballer who plays for San Lorenzo as a forward.	Rodrigo Contreras	forward
position played on team / speciality	Juan Carlos Menseguez (born 18 February 1984 in Córdoba) is an Argentine football forward who plays for Juventud Unida.	Juan Carlos Menseguez	forward
position played on team / speciality	Tony Koonwaiyou (born 10 June 1983 in Samoa) is a rugby union footballer who plays at wing, centre and fullback for the Southland Stags in the Air New Zealand Cup.	Tony Koonwaiyou	wing
position played on team / speciality	Jádson Rodrigues da Silva, professionally known as Jádson (Brazilian Portuguese: (ˈʒadsõⁿ); born 5 October 1983), is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for Tianjin Quanjian.	Jádson	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Lennie Arne Robin Rahm (born September 13, 1986) is a Swedish professional ice hockey goaltender, currently playing for Malmö Redhawks of the HockeyAllsvenskan.	Robin Rahm	goaltender
position played on team / speciality	George Tudoran is a Romanian professional footballer who plays as a centre midfielder for Liga II club Rapid Bucureşti.	George Tudoran	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Petr Wojnar (born 12 January 1989) is a Czech football player who plays as a midfielder.	Petr Wojnar	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Carl Tourenne (born 10 June 1972) is a French former professional association football defensive midfielder, who last played for Championnat de France amateur Group C side Chamois Niortais.	Carl Tourenne	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Giannis Goumas (Greek: Γιάννης Γκούμας) is a Greek former football defender.	Giannis Goumas	defender
position played on team / speciality	Peter Cochran (born January 12, 1971 in Lake Oswego, Oregon) was a U.S. soccer defender who played one season in the Western Soccer Alliance.	Peter Cochran	defender
position played on team / speciality	Helmut Bracht (born 11 September 1929 in Dortmund; died 12 May 2011) was a German footballer who played as a midfielder for Westfalia Herne and Borussia Dortmund.	Helmut Bracht	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Rodolfo Esteban Cardoso (born 17 October 1968 in Azul) is a retired Argentine football midfielder who spent the majority of his playing career in Germany.	Rodolfo Esteban Cardoso	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Zbigniew Wachowicz (on 12 January 1972 in Radom, Poland) is a Polish footballer who plays as a defender.	Zbigniew Wachowicz	defender
position played on team / speciality	Álvaro Betancourt (born 8 February 1994) is a Puerto Rican attacking midfielder for the National Premier Soccer League club Puerto Rico Bayamón.	Álvaro Betancourt	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Gastón Monzón, (born May 13, 1987 in Buenos Aires) is an Argentine football goalkeeper.	Gastón Monzón	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Costas Costa (Greek: Κώστας Κώστα) (born January 4, 1969) is a former international Cypriot football midfielder.	Costas Costa	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Christian Ehrhoff (born 6 July 1982) is a German professional ice hockey defenceman, currently a member of the Los Angeles Kings of the National Hockey League (NHL).	Christian Ehrhoff	defenceman
position played on team / speciality	Rigoberto Gómez Laínez (born January 9, 1977) is a Honduran football midfielder who currently plays for Comunicaciones of the Guatemala's top division.	Rigoberto Gómez	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Marcel Kimemba Mbayo (born 23 April 1978 in Lubumbashi) is a Congolese footballer who plays as a midfielder for A.F.C. Tubizethe Congolese national team.	Marcel Kimemba Mbayo	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Marko Meerits (born 26 April 1992) is an Estonian professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Dutch Eerste Divisie club Emmen and the Estonia national football team.	Marko Meerits	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Frankie Oviedo (born September 21, 1973 in Cali, Colombia) is a Colombian former footballer and coach who played for various clubs of Colombia, Venezuela and Mexico as a midfielder.	Frankie Oviedo	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Marek Penksa (born 4 August 1973 in Veľký Krtíš) is a Slovak footballer (midfielder), who last played for ASK Marienthal.	Marek Penksa	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Jawad El Hajri (born 1 November 1979), also known as Jaouad El Hajri, is a footballer who currently plays as a forward for Yzeure.	Jawad El Hajri	forward
position played on team / speciality	Nick Symeoy is an Australian footballer who plays as a defender for Avondale FC in the National Premier Leagues Victoria.	Nick Symeoy	defender
position played on team / speciality	Dimitrija Lazarevski (Macedonian: Димитрија Лазаревски, born 23 September 1982 in Skopje) is a footballer from the Republic of Macedonia who plays as a defender for FK Shkupi.	Dimitrija Lazarevski	defender
position played on team / speciality	Iago Azevedo dos Santos (born 22 May 1992), best known as Iago Santos, is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a defender for Académica.	Iago Santos	defender
position played on team / speciality	Emanuel Biancucchi Cuccitini (born 28 July 1988) is an Argentine football midfielder who plays for Brasileirão Série B club Ceará.	Emanuel Biancucchi	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Angula da Costa (born 17 March 1987) is a Namibian football defender with Black Africa S.C. and the Namibia national football team.	Angula da Costa	defender
position played on team / speciality	Dave Kearney (born 19 July 1989), is an Irish rugby union player who plays wing and fullback for Lansdowne, Leinster and Ireland.	Dave Kearney	wing
position played on team / speciality	Davor Blažević (born 7 February 1993) is a Swedish footballer who plays for as a goalkeeper.	Davor Blažević	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Tony Buckley (born 8 October 1980 in Cork, Republic of Ireland) is a former Irish rugby union player who played Prop.	Tony Buckley	Prop
position played on team / speciality	Fabian Kling is a 6'2`` defender from Germany.	Fabian Kling	defender
position played on team / speciality	Yrondu Musavu-King (born 8 January 1992) is a Gabonese footballer who plays for French club FC Lorient on loan from Granada CF and the Gabon national team mainly as a central defender.	Yrondu Musavu-King	defender
position played on team / speciality	Antim Pehlivanov (Bulgarian: Антим Пехливанов, born 7 June 1959 in Madan) is a former Bulgarian footballer who played as a forward.	Antim Pehlivanov	forward
position played on team / speciality	Alessandro Farina (born 20 February 1979, in Olbia) is an Italian football defender who currently plays for S.S. Cavese 1919.	Alessandro Farina	defender
position played on team / speciality	Walker Hampson (24 July 1889 -- 1959) was an English professional association footballer who played as a wing half.	Walker Hampson	wing half
position played on team / speciality	Ivica Žunić (born 11 September 1988 in Jajce, Yugoslavia) is a Croatian football player who currently plays as a central defender for Ukrainian Premier League club Volyn Lutsk.	Ivica Žunić	defender
position played on team / speciality	Mitch Pechet (May 7, 1918 -- September 30, 2009) Born in Cupar, Saskatchewan was a professional National Hockey League (NHL) and United States Hockey League (USHL) right winger.	Mitch Pechet	winger
position played on team / speciality	Kevin East (born March 29, 1971) is a retired U.S. soccer goalkeeper who currently coaches the Rutgers--	Kevin East	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Sonia Bermúdez Tribano (born 18 November 1984), commonly known as Sonia or Soni, is a Spanish footballer who plays as a forward for Primera División club Atlético Madrid and the Spain women's national football team.	Sonia Bermúdez	forward
position played on team / speciality	David Bystroň (born 18 November 1982) is a Czech football player, who recently played for Sigma Olomouc as a defender.	David Bystroň	defender
position played on team / speciality	Mariela Coronel is an Argentine football midfielder currently playing for Prainsa Zaragoza in Spain's Primera División.	Mariela Coronel	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Kadeem Raymond Mathurin-Harris (born 8 June 1993), known as Kadeem Harris, is an English footballer who plays for Championship side Cardiff City, as a midfielder.	Kadeem Harris	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Olivier Guégan (born 20 August 1972 in Longjumeau) is a French midfielder retired footballer who last plays for Stade Reims.	Olivier Guégan	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Miloš Marić (Serbian Cyrillic: Милош Марић; born 5 March 1982 in Titovo Užice, Serbia, SFR Yugoslavia) is a Serbian football midfielder, currently playing for Waasland-Beveren in Belgium.	Miloš Marić	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Carlos Califo Seidi (born 22 September 1989 in Lisbon, Portugal) simply Califo, is a Portuguese-born Bissau-Guinean footballer who plays for U.D. Oliveirense as a defender.	Carlos Califo Seidi	defender
position played on team / speciality	Rogério Luiz da Silva (born June 12, 1980), commonly known as Rogério, is a footballer from Brazil who since 2009 has played as a forward for Grasshopper-Club Zurich in the Swiss Super League.	Rogério Luiz da Silva	forward
position played on team / speciality	Jacques Favre (6 May 1921 -- 8 May 2008) is a former French football (soccer) player in goalkeeper role and manager.	Jacques Favre	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Yaroslav Oliynyk (Ukrainian: Ярослав Вадимович Олійник, born 14 March 1991 in Donetsk, Ukrainian SSR) is a Ukrainian football defender who played on loan for FC Zorya Luhansk in the Ukrainian Premier League.	Yaroslav Oliynyk	defender
position played on team / speciality	Stefan Elliott (born January 30, 1991) is a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman currently with the Milwaukee Admirals of the American Hockey League while under contract to the Nashville Predators of the National Hockey League (NHL).	Stefan Elliott	defenceman
position played on team / speciality	Ignacio Canuto (born 20 February 1986 in Santa Fe) is an Argentine football central defender, who played for León.	Ignacio Canuto	defender
position played on team / speciality	Amiran Mujiri (born 22 February 1974 in Batumi) is a former Georgian footballer who played as a central midfielder.	Amiran Mujiri	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Eduardo Echeverría (born 4 March 1989) is a Paraguayan international footballer who plays for Olimpia as an attacking midfielder and Winger.	Eduardo Echeverría	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Lars Unger (born 30 September 1972) is a retired German footballer who played as a midfielder for Werder Bremen, Fortuna Düsseldorf, Southend United, SC Bregenz, and Brinkumer SV.	Lars Unger	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Marthen Christian Warobay or just Christian Warobay (born 12.07.1984 in Papua) is an Indonesian footballer who plays as a defender for Indonesian football club Persidafon Jayapura.	Christian Warobay	defender
position played on team / speciality	Bustling young forward Dominik Starkl began his career at Kremser SC in Lower Austria.	Dominik Starkl	forward
position played on team / speciality	Makhtar Thioune (born 5 August 1984) is a Senegalese footballer that plays for Viking as a central midfielder.	Makhtar Thioune	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Julien Berger is a Belgian rugby union player who currently plays for his national side and the French club La Rochelle as a scrum-half.	Julien Berger	scrum-half
position played on team / speciality	Serhiy Voronin (Ukrainian: Сергій Олександрович Воронін; born 24 March 1987 in Kiev, in the Ukrainian SSR of the Soviet Union - in present-day Ukraine) is a professional Ukrainian football defender who plays for FC Stal Dniprodzerzhynsk in the Ukrainian Premier League.	Serhiy Voronin	defender
position played on team / speciality	Jürgen Duah (born Jürgen Molinari on 19 December 1985) is a German football defender of Ghanaian/Italian descent.	Jürgen Duah	defender
position played on team / speciality	Ezzaki Badou (Arabic: بادو الزاكي‎; born 2 April 1959), nicknamed Zaki as a player, is a Moroccan retired footballer who played as a goalkeeper, and a current manager.	Ezzaki Badou	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Gilbert Rankin (born 20 March 1870) was a Scottish footballer who played as an inside forward.	Gilbert Rankin	inside forward
position played on team / speciality	Jovana Damnjanović (Serbian Cyrillic: Јована Дамњановић; born 24 November 1994) is a Serbian footballer who plays as a forward for SC Sand in the German Frauen-Bundesliga.	Jovana Damnjanović	forward
position played on team / speciality	Jürgen Damm Rascón (born 7 November 1992) is a Mexican professional footballer who plays as a right winger for Liga MX club Tigres UANL and Mexico national team.	Jürgen Damm	winger
position played on team / speciality	David García Zubiria (born 14 February 1994) is a Spanish footballer who plays for CA Osasuna as a central defender or central midfielder.	David García Zubiria	defender
position played on team / speciality	Robert Herbin (born 30 March 1939) is a retired French association football defender and manager.	Robert Herbin	defender
position played on team / speciality	Maksym Startsev (Ukrainian: Максим Олександрович Старцев; born 20 January 1980 in Kherson, Ukrainian SSR) is a Ukrainian goalkeeper who plays for Metalurh Zaporizhya in the Ukrainian Premier League.	Maksym Startsev	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	João Leonardo de Paula Reginato (born June 25, 1985 in Campinas), or simply João Leonardo, is a Brazilian football central defender, who plays for Doxa Katokopias.	João Leonardo de Paula Reginato	defender
position played on team / speciality	Harry Koch (born 15 November 1969 in Bamberg) is a former German football central defender, and a current coach.	Harry Koch	defender
position played on team / speciality	Walter Carlyle (born 23 May 1938 in Grangemouth, died 2007) was a Scottish former footballer who played as a right winger.	Walter Carlyle	winger
position played on team / speciality	Ulia Ulia (born 13 June 1980 in Afega) to Ututa'aloga Charlie Ulia of Afega and Senetenari Elizabeth Havilani Lameta-Ulia of Vaimoso and Moataa, is a Samoan rugby union flanker.	Ulia Ulia	flanker
position played on team / speciality	Giacomo Bulgarelli (24 October 1940 -- 12 February 2009) was an Italian international footballer who played as a midfielder.	Giacomo Bulgarelli	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Giovanni Lavrendi (born April 20th, 1986) is an Italian footballer who plays as a midfielder for Reggina in the Serie D.	Giovanni Lavrendi	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Godwin Davy (born 15 December 1979) is an Anguillan international footballer who plays as a goalkeeper.	Godwin Davy	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Mike Twellman (born December 18, 1960 in St. Louis, Missouri) was a U.S. soccer defender who played two seasons in the North American Soccer League, one in the United Soccer League and two in the first Major Indoor Soccer League.	Mike Twellman	defender
position played on team / speciality	Edno Roberto Cunha or simply Edno (born May 31, 1983 in Lages) is a Brazilian footballer who plays for São Bento as an attacking midfielder or a second striker.	Edno	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Mike Ivanow (born January 4, 1947 in Shanghai, China) is a retired U.S. soccer goalkeeper who was born in Shanghai, China.	Mike Ivanow	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Qiu Tianyi (Chinese: 邱添一 born 31 January 1989 Shenyang, Liaoning) is a professional Chinese footballer who currently plays as a defender for Wuhan Zall in the China League One.	Qiu Tianyi	defender
position played on team / speciality	Milan Lucic (pronounced (mǐlan lûːt͡ʃit͡ɕ); born June 7, 1988) is a Canadian professional ice hockey left winger currently playing for the Los Angeles Kings of the National Hockey League (NHL).	Milan Lucic	winger
present in work	Methuselah (Hebrew: מְתוּשֶׁלַח / מְתוּשָׁלַח, Modern Metušélaħ / Metušálaħ Tiberian Məṯûšélaḥ / Məṯûšālaḥ ; ``Man of the dart/spear'', or alternatively ``his death shall bring judgment'') is the man reported to have lived the longest at the age of 969 in the Hebrew Bible.	Methuselah	Bible
present in work	The Riftwar Saga involved the rift between Midkemia and the world of the Tsurani.	Midkemia	The Riftwar Saga
present in work	Roadbuster is the name of three fictional characters from the various Transformers universes.	Roadbuster	Transformers
present in work	He was formerly known as Hot Rod and was first seen in The Transformers: The Movie but was reformatted into Rodimus Prime when he received the Autobot Matrix of Leadership from his mentor Optimus Prime, and acted as the movie's protagonist.	Rodimus	The Transformers: The Movie
present in work	The Big Giant Head is a fictional character from the American sitcom 3rd Rock from the Sun; he is the Solomons' mission leader and king of the galaxy.	Big Giant Head	3rd Rock from the Sun
present in work	Cheryl Stark (née Kratz) is a fictional character from the Australian soap opera Neighbours, played by Caroline Gillmer.	Cheryl Stark	Neighbours
present in work	Orson Welles's Chimes at Midnight (1966) compiles the two Henry IV plays into a single, condensed storyline, while adding a handful of scenes from Richard II and Henry V. The movie, also known as Falstaff, features Welles himself in the title role.	Falstaff	Chimes at Midnight
present in work	Wheeljack is the name of several fictional characters in the Transformers franchise.	Wheeljack	Transformers
present in work	Thunderwing is the name of several fictional characters from the Transformers series.	Thunderwing	Transformers
present in work	They can burrow faster than a human can run; a Graboid in Tremors 3: Back to Perfection could keep pace with Burt's truck.	Graboid	Tremors 3: Back to Perfection
present in work	Amy Wong, voiced by Lauren Tom, is a main character from the Fox and Comedy Central television animated series Futurama.	Amy Wong	Futurama
present in work	Troy McClure is a fictional character from the American animated sitcom The Simpsons.	Troy McClure	The Simpsons
present in work	The Multiforce team appeared in the Transformers:	Multiforce	Transformers
present in work	Oscar MacGuire is a fictional character from the Australian soap opera Home and Away, played by Jake Speer.	Oscar MacGuire	Home and Away
present in work	Callum Kane is a fictional character from the British television soap opera Hollyoaks, played by Laurie Duncan.	Callum Kane	Hollyoaks
present in work	Shermy is a fictional character from the comic strip Peanuts, by Charles Schulz.	Shermy	Peanuts
present in work	Stefan Salvatore is a fictional character from L. J. Smith's novel series The Vampire Diaries.	Stefan Salvatore	The Vampire Diaries
present in work	Detective Nick Falco is a fictional character on the NBC crime drama Law & Order, portrayed by Michael Imperioli.	Nick Falco	Law & Order
present in work	Detective David Tapp is a fictional character from the Saw franchise.	David Tapp	Saw
present in work	Babruvahana or Babhruvahana is a character in the Mahabharata, a Hindu epic.	Babruvahana	Mahabharata
present in work	Landquake is the name to two different fictional characters in the various Transformers universes.	Landquake	Transformers
present in work	Trevor Philips is a fictional character and one of the protagonists of Grand Theft Auto V, a video game in the Grand Theft Auto series made by Rockstar Games.	Trevor Philips	Grand Theft Auto
present in work	Randy and Sharon Marsh (née Kimble) are fictional characters in the animated television series South Park.	Randy and Sharon Marsh	South Park
present in work	Carmine Lupertazzi, Sr., played by Tony Lip, is the fictional boss of the Brooklyn-based Lupertazzi crime family on the HBO TV series The Sopranos.	Carmine Lupertazzi	The Sopranos
present in work	Brobdingnag is a fictional land in Jonathan Swift's satirical novel Gulliver's Travels occupied by giants.	Brobdingnag	Gulliver's Travels
present in work	Inigo Montoya is a fictional character in William Goldman's 1973 novel The Princess Bride.	Inigo Montoya	The Princess Bride
present in work	They appeared in a song called ``Heffalumps and Woozles'' with their partners, the woozles, in the film The Many Adventures of Winnie the Pooh.	Heffalump	The Many Adventures of Winnie the Pooh
present in work	Hu Sanniang (lit. ``Third Sister Hu'') is a fictional character in Water Margin, one of the Four Great Classical Novels of Chinese literature.	Hu Sanniang	Water Margin
present in work	Lady Wang (王夫人) is a character in the classic Chinese novel Dream of the Red Chamber.	Lady Wang	Dream of the Red Chamber
present in work	The Simpson family are cartoon characters featured in the animated television series The Simpsons.	Simpson family	The Simpsons
present in work	Sisera (Hebrew: סִיסְרָא Sîsərā) was commander of the Canaanite army of King Jabin of Hazor, who is mentioned in Judges 4-5 of the Hebrew Bible.	Sisera	Bible
present in work	The fictional character Danielle Andropoulos is a resident of Oakdale on the American TV soap opera, As the World Turns.	Danielle Andropoulos	As the World Turns
present in work	USS Nathan James is a fictional ship of the United States Navy, used as the setting for the 1988 post-apocalyptic novel The Last Ship and the television series of the same name.	USS Nathan James	The Last Ship
present in work	Stuart Chandler is a fictional character on American daytime drama All My Children.	Stuart Chandler	All My Children
present in work	Heather Stevens is a fictional character from the American CBS soap opera The Young and the Restless.	Heather Stevens	The Young and the Restless
present in work	Bryce Larkin is a spy on the comedy series Chuck on NBC.	Bryce Larkin	Chuck
present in work	Steve Elliot is a fictional character from the BBC soap opera EastEnders, played by Mark Monero between 22 October 1991 and 12 February 1996.	Steve Elliot	EastEnders
present in work	Lieutenant Sheba, portrayed by Anne Lockhart, is a fictional character and regular cast member of the 1978-1979 ABC television series Battlestar Galactica.	Lieutenant Sheba	Battlestar Galactica
present in work	Carla Connor (née Donovan, previously Gordon and Barlow) is a fictional character from the ITV soap opera Coronation Street, played by Alison King.	Carla Connor	Coronation Street
present in work	Teri Bauer is a fictional character played by Leslie Hope on the first season of the television series 24.	Teri Bauer	24
present in work	The Lords of Kobol are deities featured in the fictional universe of Battlestar Galactica.	Lords of Kobol	Battlestar Galactica
present in work	Slim Charles is a fictional character in the HBO drama The Wire, played by Anwan Glover.	Slim Charles	The Wire
present in work	The Roark family is a fictional dynasty from Frank Miller's graphic novel series Sin City.	Roark family	Sin City
present in work	Cody Willis is a fictional character from the Australian soap opera Neighbours, originally played by Amelia Frid.	Cody Willis	Neighbours
present in work	MIKE is a character in the TV series Twin Peaks, portrayed by Al Strobel.	MIKE	Twin Peaks
present in work	In the narrative of The Lord of the Rings, Gollum leads Frodo Baggins and Samwise Gamgee through Ithilien on the way to the pass of Cirith Ungol into Mordor.	Mordor	The Lord of the Rings
present in work	Shirley Armitage is a fictional character in the UK television ITV soap opera Coronation Street.	Shirley Armitage	Coronation Street
present in work	Waverley Harrison (née Wilson, previously Wallasee) was a fictional character on the New Zealand soap opera Shortland Street.	Waverley Harrison	Shortland Street
present in work	Rosie M. Banks is a recurring fictional character in the Jeeves and Drones Club stories of British comic writer P. G. Wodehouse, being a romance novelist and the wife of Bingo Little.	Rosie M. Banks	Jeeves	Drones Club
present in work	D0g is a fictional character in the Half-Life series of video games, first introduced in Half-Life 2 in 2004.	D0g	Half-Life 2
present in work	Barliman Butterbur is a fictional character from J. R. R. Tolkien's epic fantasy The Lord of the Rings.	Barliman Butterbur	The Lord of the Rings
present in work	A well-known story in the collection One Thousand and One Nights describes a genie who had displeased King Solomon and was punished by being locked in a bottle and thrown into the sea.	Solomon	One Thousand and One Nights
present in work	Carmel Jackson (also Roberts) is a fictional character from the BBC soap opera EastEnders, played by Judith Jacob from 5 June 1986 to 24 August 1989.	Carmel Jackson	EastEnders
publication date	Sister Act is a 1992 American comedy film released by Touchstone Pictures.	Sister Act	1992
publication date	Nick Carter and Red Club (French: Nick Carter et le trèfle rouge) is a 1965 French action film directed by Jean-Paul Savignac.	Nick Carter and Red Club	1965
publication date	The Grey Car (Spanish: El automóvil gris ) is a 1919 film directed by Enrique Rosas which is the number 98 in 100 Mexican best movies.	The Grey Car	1919
publication date	Der Hund von Baskerville is a 1914 German silent film adaptation of Arthur Conan Doyle's The Hound of the Baskervilles.	Der Hund von Baskerville	1914
publication date	South West 9 is a 2001 British film about the Brixton rave scene.	South West 9	2001
publisher	In 1951 it was published by Gnome Press as a combined work with Hubbard's Fear, and again in 1977 as Fear & Typewriter in the Sky, published by Popular Library.	Typewriter in the Sky	Gnome Press
publisher	The American River Review is a literary journal, first published in 1984, by students and faculty of American River College (ARC).	American River Review	American River College
publisher	After Quinto Sol's initial publication of Bless Me, Ultima in 1972, critics by and large responded enthusiastically.	Bless Me, Ultima	Quinto Sol
publisher	The Journal of the Association of Nurses in AIDS Care is a bimonthly peer-reviewed nursing journal and the official journal of the Association of Nurses in AIDS Care published by Elsevier.	Journal of the Association of Nurses in AIDS Care	Elsevier
publisher	A Secular Age is a book written by the philosopher Charles Taylor which was published in 2007 by Harvard University Press.	A Secular Age	Harvard University Press
publisher	The German Economic Review is a peer-reviewed academic journal of economics published quarterly by John Wiley & Sons on behalf of the Verein für Socialpolitik, of which it is an official journal.	German Economic Review	John Wiley & Sons
publisher	The Hudson Selection Vol. 1-4 are a collection of video games by Hudson Soft, released only in Japan.	Hudson Selection	Hudson Soft
publisher	The Devil's Notebook is the fourth book by Anton LaVey, published in 1992 by Feral House.	The Devil's Notebook	Feral House
publisher	The first Deities & Demigods was published in 1980 by TSR, Inc. while another book called Deities and Demigods was published in 2002 by Wizards of the Coast, who acquired the D&D brand with their purchase of TSR in 1998.	Deities & Demigods	TSR
publisher	Crazee Rider is a motorbike racing video game created by Kevin Edwards for Superior Software in 1987.	Crazee Rider	Superior Software
publisher	JAMA Psychiatry (until 2013: Archives of General Psychiatry) is a monthly, peer-reviewed medical journal published by the American Medical Association.	JAMA Psychiatry	American Medical Association
publisher	Super Asteroids & Missile Command (also known as Super Asteroids and Super Missile Command as seen on the title screen) is an Atari Lynx video game that combines the classic video games Asteroids and Missile Command into a single game cartridge.	Super Asteroids & Missile Command	Atari
publisher	Open Systems & Information Dynamics (OSID) is a journal published by World Scientific.	Open Systems & Information Dynamics	World Scientific
publisher	The Journal of Gender Studies is a leading British peer-reviewed journal for interdisciplinary gender studies, published by Routledge.	Journal of Gender Studies	Routledge
publisher	The Ponder Heart is a novella written by Eudora Welty and illustrated by Joe Krush, originally published in The New Yorker in 1953, and republished by Harcourt Brace in 1954.	The Ponder Heart	The New Yorker	Harcourt
publisher	Death in Summer is a novel written by William Trevor, first published in 1998 by Viking Press.	Death in Summer	Viking Press
publisher	The Duke's Children is a novel by Anthony Trollope, first published in 1879 as a serial in All the Year Round.	The Duke's Children	All the Year Round
publisher	Whispering to Witches is British writer Anna Dale's first novel, published in 2004 by Bloomsbury Publishing.	Whispering to Witches	Bloomsbury Publishing
publisher	The Elves of Alfheim was written by Steve Perrin and Anders Swenson, with a cover by Clyde Caldwell and interior illustrations by Stephen Fabian, and was published by TSR in 1988 as a 96-page booklet with a large color map and an outer folder.	The Elves of Alfheim	TSR
publisher	An English translation by Harry L. Binsse, Street of Riches, was published by McClelland and Stewart in 1957.	Street of Riches	McClelland and Stewart
publisher	Flashing Blades is a role-playing game published by Fantasy Games Unlimited in 1984.	Flashing Blades	Fantasy Games Unlimited
publisher	Tom Swift and His Big Tunnel, or, the Hidden City of the Andes, is Volume 19 in the original Tom Swift novel series published by Grosset & Dunlap.	Tom Swift and His Big Tunnel	Grosset & Dunlap
publisher	The Incredible Shrinking Fireman is a computer game released by Mastertronic in 1986.	The Incredible Shrinking Fireman	Mastertronic
publisher	Cannon Fodder 3 is an action-strategy PC game developed and published -- originally in Russia -- by Game Factory Interactive (GFI), along with developer Burut CT.	Cannon Fodder 3	Game Factory Interactive
publisher	Pirates of the Fallen Stars, with product code TSR 9346, was published in 1992, and was written by Curtis Scott, with cover art by Erik Olson and interior art by Jaime Lombardo, Clyde Caldwell, and Larry Elmore.	Pirates of the Fallen Stars	TSR
publisher	Tunnel B1 is a sci-fi first person shooter developed by NEON Software and published by Ocean Software in 1996.	Tunnel B1	Ocean Software
publisher	The World Health Report (WHR) is a series of reports produced regularly by the World Health Organization (WHO).	World Health Report	World Health Organization
publisher	The Pop 100 was a songs chart that debuted in February 2005 and was released weekly by Billboard magazine in the United States until its discontinuation in 2009.	Pop 100	Billboard
publisher	In an article with Horn Book Magazine, Candlewick Press's editorial director commented that Rapp's original version of 33 Snowfish contained stronger language which had to be edited down before it could be sold.	33 Snowfish	Candlewick Press
publisher	The New York University Journal of International Law and Politics (Bluebook abbreviation: N.Y.U. J. Int'L L. & Pol.) is a student-edited international law review at New York University School of Law.	New York University Journal of International Law and Politics	New York University School of Law
publisher	Chick Chick Boom was an online Flash game created for Easter 2007 by Extra Toxic and sponsored by Nintendo of Europe.	Chick Chick Boom	Nintendo
publisher	Clinical Therapeutics is a monthly peer-reviewed medical journal that was established in 1979 and is published by Elsevier.	Clinical Therapeutics	Elsevier
publisher	Hard Nova is a role-playing video game developed by Malibu Interactive and published by Electronic Arts in 1990 for DOS, Amiga and Atari ST. It is a follow-up to Sentinel Worlds I:	Hard Nova	Electronic Arts
publisher	Science & Justice is a peer-reviewed scientific journal of forensics published by Elsevier on behalf of the Forensic Science Society and the International Society for Forensic Genetics.	Science & Justice	Elsevier
publisher	The Eugenics Review was a scientific journal published by the Galton Institute.	The Eugenics Review	Galton Institute
publisher	World Orders Old and New is a book by Noam Chomsky, first published in 1994 and updated in 1996 by Columbia University Press.	World Orders Old and New	Columbia University Press
publisher	Functional Materials is a quarterly peer-reviewed scientific journal published by the Institute for Single Crystals of the National Academy of Sciences of Ukraine.	Functional Materials	National Academy of Sciences of Ukraine
publisher	Continuity and Change is an international peer-reviewed academic journal published three times per year by Cambridge University Press.	Continuity and Change	Cambridge University Press
publisher	Founded in 1994, the Potomac Review is now funded by the Montgomery College Foundation and Paul Peck Humanities Institute.	Potomac Review	Montgomery College
publisher	Development and Change is a bimonthly peer-reviewed academic journal published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Institute of Social Studies.	Development and Change	Wiley-Blackwell
publisher	Carnival Games (known in Europe and Australia as Carnival Funfair Games) is a video game for Nintendo's Wii console and the Nintendo DS. It was published by Global Star Software, before GSS was absorbed into Take-Two Interactive (and what is now 2K Play).	Carnival Games	2K Play
publisher	The Annals of Saudi Medicine is a bimonthly peer-reviewed medical journal published by the King Faisal Specialist Hospital and Research Centre (Riyadh, Saudi Arabia).	Annals of Saudi Medicine	King Faisal Specialist Hospital and Research Centre
publisher	Sweevo's World is an isometric 3D arcade adventure game released by Gargoyle Games in 1986 for the Sinclair Spectrum and Amstrad CPC.	Sweevo's World	Gargoyle Games
publisher	The Pepperdine Law Review (Bluebook abbreviation: Pepp. L. Rev.) is a student-edited law journal published by the Pepperdine University School of Law.	Pepperdine Law Review	Pepperdine University School of Law
publisher	Too Much Happiness is a short story collection by Canadian writer Alice Munro, published on August 25, 2009 by McClelland and Stewart's Douglas Gibson Books imprint.	Too Much Happiness	Douglas Gibson Books
publisher	The Lion Wakes is the first novel of the Kingdom series by Scottish writer of historical fiction, Robert Low, released on 14 April 2011 through Harper.	The Lion Wakes	Harper
publisher	Goodbye Tsugumi (English edition) by Banana Yoshimoto Hardcover - ISBN 0-8021-1638-8 published by Grove Press Paperback - ISBN 0-8021-3991-4, published by Grove Press A passage from this novel was published in the November 2009 SAT Reasoning Test.	Goodbye Tsugumi	Grove Press
publisher	The Vikings Campaign Sourcebook was published by TSR, Inc. as a 96-page softcover book, with a 28`` × 19'' map sheet.	Vikings Campaign Sourcebook	TSR
publisher	Kirby Tilt 'n' Tumble, known in Japan as Korokoro Kirby (コロコロカービィ Korokoro Kābī, ``Roly-Poly Kirby''), is an action puzzle video game published and developed by Nintendo for the Game Boy Color handheld video game console.	Kirby Tilt 'n' Tumble	Nintendo
publisher	A Daughter of Heth is a novel by William Black, first published in 3 volumes by Sampson Low in 1871.	A Daughter of Heth	Sampson Low
publisher	Tony Hawk's Underground is a skateboarding-adventure video game published by Activision in 2003, the fifth entry in the Tony Hawk's series.	Tony Hawk's Underground	Activision
publisher	Nationalities Papers is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by Routledge for the Association for the Study of Nationalities.	Nationalities Papers	Routledge
publisher	Pro Evolution Soccer 3 (known as World Soccer: Winning Eleven 7 in Japan and World Soccer: Winning Eleven 7 International in North America also in Japan) is a football video game developed and produced by Konami as part of the Pro Evolution Soccer series.	Pro Evolution Soccer 3	Konami
publisher	Pssst is an action video game developed and published by Ultimate Play the Game that was released for the ZX Spectrum in June 1983.	Pssst	Ultimate Play the Game
publisher	Jelly Boy is a 1995 Europe-exclusive action platformer video game developed by Probe Entertainment and published by Ocean Software for the Super Nintendo Entertainment System and Nintendo Game Boy.	Jelly Boy	Ocean Software
publisher	Perspectives on Science was established in 1993 and is published online and in hard copy by the MIT Press.	Perspectives on Science	MIT Press
publisher	A contest was held on the Warriors website to determine the cover of The Empty City that came down to a mock ``vote'' with the pets of HarperCollins staff members.	The Empty City	HarperCollins
publisher	The Black Prism is a fantasy novel by Brent Weeks that was released on August 25, 2010, by Orbit Books.	The Black Prism	Orbit Books
publisher	ThinkTanks, also called TT, is an online multiplayer third-person shooter available for Microsoft Windows, Mac, Linux and Xbox It was developed by BraveTree Productions and marketed by GarageGames and Shockwave.com.	ThinkTanks	GarageGames
publisher	Journal of Multicultural Counseling and Development is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal published by Wiley-Blackwell for the American Counseling Association on behalf of the Association for Multicultural Counseling and Development.	Journal of Multicultural Counseling and Development	Wiley-Blackwell
publisher	The Southwest Review is a literary journal published quarterly, based on the Southern Methodist University campus in Dallas, Texas.	Southwest Review	Southern Methodist University
publisher	Yoshi's Safari takes advantage of the Super Nintendo's Mode 7 capability, which allows backgrounds to be transformed by rotating or stretching it.	Yoshi's Safari	Nintendo
publisher	GAZ3 The Principalities of Glantri was written by Bruce Heard, with a cover by Clyde Caldwell and interior illustrations by Stephen Fabian, and was published by TSR in 1987 as a ninety-six page booklet with a large color map and an outer folder.	The Principalities of Glantri	TSR
publisher	Organometallics is a biweekly journal published by the American Chemical Society.	Organometallics	American Chemical Society
publisher	FIFA 08 (named FIFA Soccer 08 in North America) is the 2007 installment of EA Sports' series of football video games.	FIFA 08	EA Sports
publisher	Julie, or the New Heloise (French: Julie, ou la nouvelle Héloïse) is an epistolary novel by Jean-Jacques Rousseau, published in 1761 by Marc-Michel Rey in Amsterdam.	Julie, or the New Heloise	Marc-Michel Rey
publisher	Arcade Classics is a Sega Genesis/Mega Drive game featuring three classic arcade games:	Arcade Classics	Sega
publisher	Journal of Hypertension is a peer-reviewed medical journal published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins first launched in 1982.	Journal of Hypertension	Lippincott Williams & Wilkins
publisher	Early Human Development is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering human development published by Elsevier.	Early Human Development	Elsevier
publisher	Legislative Studies Quarterly is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal published by Wiley-Blackwell and is the official journal of the Legislative Studies Section of the American Political Science Association.	Legislative Studies Quarterly	Wiley-Blackwell
publisher	Battle Cars is a racing video game for the Super NES that was developed by Malibu and published by Namco in 1993.	Battle Cars	Namco
publisher	An Phoblacht (Irish pronunciation: (ənˠ ˈfˠɔbˠlˠəxt̪ˠ), The Republic) is a monthly 32-page newspaper published by Sinn Féin in Ireland.	An Phoblacht	Sinn Féin
publisher	CardMon Hero (previously known as Orka Online, Yuina Online: Adventure ORKA and Camon Hero) is an anime-inspired free-to-play massively multiplayer online role-playing game (MMORPG) developed by Redbana and published by HanbitSoft.	CardMon Hero	HanbitSoft
publisher	Beyond the Ice Palace is a platform game released by Elite Systems in 1988 for several home computer systems.	Beyond the Ice Palace	Elite Systems
publisher	Journal of Cellular and Molecular Medicine (abbreviated J Cell Mol Med or JCMM) is a bi-monthly, peer-reviewed, scientific journal published by Wiley-Blackwell in association with the Foundation for Cellular and Molecular Medicine.	Journal of Cellular and Molecular Medicine	Wiley-Blackwell
publisher	Letters to a Young Contrarian is Christopher Hitchens' contribution, released in 2001, to the Art of Mentoring series published by Basic Books.	Letters to a Young Contrarian	Basic Books
publisher	Late Nights on Air is a novel by Canadian writer Elizabeth Hay, published by McClelland & Stewart in 2007.	Late Nights on Air	McClelland & Stewart
publisher	Rubik's Games is a 5 games in 1 PC game created for Windows 95/98 developed in part by Ernő Rubik with Androsoft and was published by Hasbro Interactive.	Rubik's Games	Hasbro Interactive
publisher	The Journal of Medical Physics is a quarterly peer-reviewed open access medical journal published on behalf of the Association of Medical Physicists of India by Medknow Publications.	Journal of Medical Physics	Medknow Publications
publisher	Accident Analysis & Prevention is a bimonthly peer-reviewed public health journal covering accident prevention published by Elsevier on behalf of the Association for the Advancement of Automotive Medicine.	Accident Analysis & Prevention	Elsevier
publisher	The American Economic Review is a peer-reviewed academic journal of economics publishing twelve (formerly seven) issues annually by the American Economic Association.	The American Economic Review	American Economic Association
publisher	Anubis II (pronounced Anubis the Second; the game is not a sequel) is an action game from UK based developer Metro 3D.	Anubis II	Metro 3D
publisher	The Virginia Environmental Law Journal (Bluebook abbreviation: Va. Envtl. L.J.) is a law review edited by students at the University of Virginia School of Law.	Virginia Environmental Law Journal	University of Virginia School of Law
publisher	Sorcerer's Son is the first novel in ``The Book of Elementals'' series by Phyllis Eisenstein, first published as a mass-market paperback in 1979 by Del Rey Books..	Sorcerer's Son	Del Rey Books
publisher	Global Operations is a first-person tactical shooter computer game developed by Barking Dog Studios and published by both Crave Entertainment and Electronic Arts.	Global Operations	Crave Entertainment
publisher	The ACM Transactions on Programming Languages and Systems (TOPLAS) is a bimonthly peer-reviewed scientific journal on programming languages published by the Association for Computing Machinery since 1979.	ACM Transactions on Programming Languages and Systems	Association for Computing Machinery
publisher	Mario's Game Gallery is a compilation of games published by Interplay Entertainment Corp. and developed by Presage Software, Inc. for the PC.	Mario's Game Gallery	Interplay Entertainment
publisher	In 2010, Disney Interactive Studios announced plans for Club Penguin:	Club Penguin	Disney Interactive
publisher	Tiki Towers is a game by RealNetworks division GameHouse for WiiWare, BlackBerry, iOS (iPhone, iPod Touch, iPad), Android, Windows Phone and Symbian S60.	Tiki Towers	RealNetworks
publisher	Canadian Journal of Experimental Psychology is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by the American Psychological Association on behalf of the Canadian Psychological Association.	Canadian Journal of Experimental Psychology	American Psychological Association
publisher	NES Play Action Football is a football video game for the Nintendo Entertainment System.	NES Play Action Football	Nintendo
publisher	Far Cry Instincts is a first-person shooter video game developed and published by Ubisoft for Xbox that was released on September 27, 2005.	Far Cry Instincts	Ubisoft
publisher	Asian Survey (subtitled A Bimonthly Review of Contemporary Asian Affairs; ISSN 0004-4687) is a bimonthly academic journal of Asian studies published by the University of California Press (Berkeley, California, USA) on behalf of the Institute of East Asian Studies at the University of California, Berkeley.	Asian Survey	University of California Press
publisher	The Danish Girl is a novel by American writer David Ebershoff, published in 2000 by the Viking Press in the United States and Allen & Unwin in Australia.	The Danish Girl	Allen & Unwin
publisher	NCAA Football 09 is a college football video game created by EA Sports, a subsidiary of Electronic Arts.	NCAA Football 09	EA Sports
publisher	Road Trip Adventure, also known as Road Trip or Choro Q HG 2, is a video game for the PlayStation 2 developed by E-game (but commonly credited to Takara).	Road Trip Adventure	Takara
publisher	IEEE Transactions on Communications is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal published by the IEEE Communications Society that focuses on all aspects of telecommunication technology, including telephone, telegraphy, facsimile, and point-to-point television by electromagnetic propagation.	IEEE Transactions on Communications	IEEE Communications Society
publisher	On April 24, 2003, Square Enix, formed from the merger of Square and Enix during the game's development, announced that Sword of Mana would have North American and European releases as well.	Sword of Mana	Square and Enix
publisher	McElligot's Pool is a children's book written and illustrated by Theodor Geisel under the pen name Dr. Seuss and published by Random House in 1947.	McElligot's Pool	Random House
publisher	Muse of Fire was originally published in 2007, in the anthology The New Space Opera, and standalone by Subterranean Press in 2008.	Muse of Fire	Subterranean Press
publisher	Biotechnology and Bioprocess Engineering is a peer-reviewed bimonthly scientific journal published by Springer Science+Business Media on behalf of the Korean Society for Biotechnology and Bioengineering.	Biotechnology and Bioprocess Engineering	Springer Science+Business Media
publisher	Elfmania is a 2D fighting game developed by Terramarque and released by Renegade Software in 1994 for the Amiga.	Elfmania	Renegade Software
publisher	Claim to Fame is a novel by Margaret Peterson Haddix published by Simon & Schuster Children's Publishing in 2009.	Claim to Fame	Simon & Schuster
publisher	Nature Cell Biology is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering research in cell biology published by the Nature Publishing Group.	Nature Cell Biology	Nature Publishing Group
publisher	Jimmy Connors Tennis is a tennis simulation video game developed by NMS Software for the Nintendo Entertainment System and the Game Boy, and published by Ubisoft in 1993.	Jimmy Connors Tennis	Ubisoft
record label	Game Time is the second studio album by American rapper Lil' Romeo, son of American rapper and record producer Master P. It was released on December 17, 2002 on The New No Limit and Universal Records.	Game Time	Universal Records
record label	``El Mellao'' (English: The Toothless) is the first single by Puerto Rican reggaeton performer Voltio, released in September 2007 by Sony BMG.	El Mellao	Sony BMG
record label	Music for Two in Love is a Patti Page LP album, issued by Mercury Records as catalog number MG-20099.	Music for Two in Love	Mercury Records
record label	Hunky Dory is the fourth album by English singer-songwriter David Bowie, recorded in mid-1971 and released by RCA Records that December.	Hunky Dory	RCA Records
record label	7 vies is the eighth studio album by Australian singer and songwriter Tina Arena, released on 28 January 2008 on Columbia Records in France.	7 vies	Columbia Records
record label	Grey Britain is the second album by English hardcore punk band Gallows, released 2 May 2009 through Warner Bros. Records.	Grey Britain	Warner Bros. Records
record label	Between the Glory and the Flame is an album by Randy Stonehill, released in 1981, on Myrrh Records.	Between the Glory and the Flame	Myrrh Records
record label	Lil' Darlin' is a live album by American pianist, composer and bandleader Red Garland which was recorded in 1959 and originally released on the Status label, a subsidiary of Prestige Records.	Lil' Darlin'	Prestige Records
record label	The Best of Culture Club is a greatest hits album of British new wave group Culture Club, released by Virgin Records in 1989.	The Best of Culture Club	Virgin Records
record label	Dana Dane 4 Ever is the second album released by rapper Dana Dane, which was released on October 11, 1990, on Profile Records and featured production from Hurby Luv Bug, the Invincibles, and Stevie ``O'' the Boy Wonda.	Dana Dane 4 Ever	Profile Records
record label	Breakfast in America is the sixth album by the English progressive rock band Supertramp, released on 29 March 1979 by A&M Records.	Breakfast in America	A&M Records
record label	When the World Comes Down is the third studio album by American rock band The All-American Rejects, released December 16, 2008 by Interscope Records.	When the World Comes Down	Interscope Records
record label	Somewhere Between Free Men and Slaves is the first full-length studio album by Canadian hard rock band Organ Thieves, released on April 24, 2012, through MapleMusic Recordings, through the Canadian iTunes, later followed by a physical CD release on May 8, 2012.	Somewhere Between Free Men and Slaves	MapleMusic Recordings
record label	Period (Another American Lie) is the debut studio album by B.A.L.L., released in 1987 by Shimmy Disc.	Period (Another American Lie)	Shimmy Disc
record label	Cali Connection is the 11th studio album by American rapper C-Bo, released February 28, 2012, on Ca$hville Records, West Coast Mafia Records and Black October Music.	Cali Connection	Ca$hville Records
record label	Dirty Bass is the fourth studio album by American hip hop group Far East Movement, released through Cherrytree Records and Interscope Records (Universal Music Group) on June 12, 2012.	Dirty Bass	Cherrytree Records	Interscope Records
record label	On the Corner is a studio album by jazz musician Miles Davis, recorded in June and July 1972 and released later that year on Columbia Records.	On the Corner	Columbia Records
record label	Waiting for an Echo is the seventh album by Solas, released in 2005 on the Shanachie Records label.	Waiting for an Echo	Shanachie Records
record label	Sewn Mouth Secrets was Soilent Green's first full-length album to be released on Relapse Records; they had already worked with the label for their previous EP A String of Lies.	Sewn Mouth Secrets	Relapse Records
record label	Maleventum is the fourth studio album by Italian symphonic black metal band Opera IX, released in 2002 through Avantgarde Music.	Maleventum	Avantgarde Music
record label	``Outa-Space'' is an instrumental recorded by Billy Preston that originally appeared on his 1971 A&M Records-debut album, I Wrote a Simple Song.	Outa-Space	A&M Records
record label	Epic Records released Fan the Flame (Part 1) in Japan only.	Fan the Flame (Part 1)	Epic Records
record label	Songs for the Dead is Bella Morte's third release on Metropolis Records.	Songs for the Dead	Metropolis Records
record label	D'eux (meaning Of Them or About Them or From Them and homophonic with ``deux'', meaning ``two'') is a French-language studio album by the Canadian singer Celine Dion, released by Sony Music Entertainment on 30 March 1995 in Canada and on 3 April 1995 in France.	D'eux	Sony Music Entertainment
record label	Is There Love in Space? is the tenth studio album by guitarist Joe Satriani, released on April 13, 2004 through Epic Records.	Is There Love in Space?	Epic Records
record label	Night in the Ruts is the sixth studio album by American rock band Aerosmith, released on November 1, 1979, by Columbia Records.	Night in the Ruts	Columbia Records
record label	One Cell in the Sea is the first studio album by A Fine Frenzy, the stage name of American singer-songwriter Alison Sudol, released under Virgin Records on July 17, 2007.	One Cell in the Sea	Virgin Records
record label	Up to You is the debut studio album released by Japanese pop singer Michi under Sony Music Entertainment.	Up to You	Sony Music Entertainment
record label	I Got Your Country Right Here is the fourth studio album by American country music artist Gretchen Wilson, released on March 30, 2010 via Redneck Records, her own label.	I Got Your Country Right Here	Gretchen Wilson
record label	Go Off! is the second and final studio album by heavy metal band Cacophony, released in 1988 through Shrapnel Records.	Go Off!	Shrapnel Records
record label	Boc Maxima was released by Boards of Canada on Music70 in 1996.	Boc Maxima	Music70
record label	I Love to Sing the Songs I Sing is the self-produced ninth album by American R&B singer Barry White, released in 1979 on the 20th Century-Fox Records label.	I Love to Sing the Songs I Sing	20th Century-Fox Records
record label	``The Tears of a Clown'' is a song by Smokey Robinson & the Miracles for the Tamla Records label subsidiary of Motown, originally released on the 1967 album Make It Happen.	The Tears of a Clown	Motown
record label	More Beautiful Human Life! is the fifth album by composer Paul Schütze, released in 1994 through Apollo Records.	More Beautiful Human Life!	Apollo Records
record label	``The Lost Art of Keeping a Secret'' is the first single from Queens of the Stone Age's second album, Rated R. It was released in the summer of 2000 through Interscope Records in Europe as a standard single, and in the US as only a promotional one.	The Lost Art of Keeping a Secret	Interscope Records
record label	Diary of a Mad Band is the second studio album from American R&B group Jodeci, released in 1993 on Uptown Records and distributed through MCA Records.	Diary of a Mad Band	Uptown Records	MCA Records
record label	The Torment is the first studio album by the British thrash metal band Seventh Angel, released on Music for Nations label in 1990.	The Torment	Music for Nations
record label	Thizz City is a compilation album by American rapper Messy Marv, released on August 10, 2010, via SMC Recordings.	Thizz City	SMC Recordings
record label	Songs in the Key of Life is the eighteenth album by American recording artist Stevie Wonder, released on September 28, 1976, by Motown Records.	Songs in the Key of Life	Motown
record label	Pies Descalzos (English: Bare Feet) is the third studio album and major-label debut by Colombian singer-songwriter Shakira, released on October 6, 1995, by Sony Music and Columbia Records.	Pies Descalzos	Columbia Records
record label	Virgin Records released this compilation on 1 October 2002; it is identical to The Best of Simple Minds except it deletes ``The Real Life'' remix and replaces it with ``Cry'' (3:55) and ``Spaceface'' (3:52).	The Best of Simple Minds	Virgin Records
record label	The Alphabutt sessions were completed on February 21, 2008, and the full album was released on K Records in September 2008.	Alphabutt	K Records
record label	My One and Only Thrill is the second studio album by American singer and songwriter Melody Gardot, released on March 16, 2009 by Verve Records.	My One and Only Thrill	Verve Records
record label	Iron Flag is the fourth studio album by American East Coast hip hop collective Wu-Tang Clan, released on December 18, 2001 on Loud Records.	Iron Flag	Loud Records
record label	Fix My Brain is the third album by the Denton, Texas punk rock band The Marked Men, released May 16, 2006, by Swami Records.	Fix My Brain	Swami Records
record label	Rock Father is Papa John Creach's fifth solo album and his last with Buddah Records.	Rock Father	Buddah Records
record label	Mezzamorphis is the second studio album by the Christian rock band Delirious?.	Mezzamorphis	Delirious
record label	Take Out Yo Gun was the first album to be released on The Dogg's own label Mshasho Productions.	Take Out Yo Gun	Mshasho Productions
record label	Back to the Country is a 1975 country music album by Loretta Lynn released on MCA Records.	Back to the Country	MCA Records
record label	``Just Let Me Know'' is a song recorded in late 1963 by The Temptations for the Gordy (Motown) label, written and produced by Motown president Berry Gordy, and is the B-side to the 1964 hit single ``The Way You Do the Things You Do''.	Just Let Me Know	Motown
record label	Young Foolish Happy is the second studio album by English recording artist Pixie Lott, released on 11 November 2011 by Mercury Records.	Young Foolish Happy	Mercury Records
record label	The Headless Children is the fourth studio by heavy metal band W.A.S.P., released in April 1989 through Capitol Records.	The Headless Children	Capitol Records
record label	``Queen of Chinatown'' (also typed ``Queen of China-Town'') is a song by French singer Amanda Lear released in 1977 by Ariola Records.	Queen of Chinatown	Ariola Records
record label	Art Blakey's Jazz Messengers with Thelonious Monk is a studio album released in 1958 on Atlantic Records, catalogue SD 1278.	Art Blakey's Jazz Messengers with Thelonious Monk	Atlantic Records
record label	Party Fun Action Committee released the first album, Let's Get Serious, on Definitive Jux in 2003.	Party Fun Action Committee	Definitive Jux
record label	Toucan Do It Too is the third album by American country rock group the Amazing Rhythm Aces, released in 1977 on ABC Records.	Toucan Do It Too	ABC Records
record label	Bottle of Humans is the first studio album by American hip hop musician Sole, released on Anticon in 2000.	Bottle of Humans	Anticon
record label	Silent Night Fever is the first album by the Swedish melodic death metal band Dimension Zero, distributed jointly by Century Media and Regain Records.	Silent Night Fever	Regain Records
record label	Clicks & Cuts is the first volume in the Clicks & Cuts Series released by Mille Plateaux in 2000.	Clicks & Cuts	Mille Plateaux
record label	Cast of Thousands is the second album by English alternative rock band Elbow, released on 18 August 2003 in the UK and on 27 January 2004 in the US by V2 Records.	Cast of Thousands	V2 Records
record label	Years (by One Thousand Fingertips) is the second studio album by Canadian folk rock band Attack in Black, released on March 10, 2009 on Dine Alone Records.	Years (by One Thousand Fingertips)	Dine Alone Records
record label	Hide Nothing is the third studio album by the Pompano Beach, Florida rock band Further Seems Forever, released in 2004 by Tooth & Nail Records.	Hide Nothing	Tooth & Nail Records
record label	It's a Dying World is a Contemporary Christian Music album by Steve Camp and was released by Myrrh Records in 1984.	It's a Dying World	Myrrh Records
record label	To Be Still is the second album by Alela Diane, released in 2009 on Rough Trade Records.	To Be Still	Rough Trade Records
record label	Steelhammer is the 14th studio album by the German heavy metal band U.D.O., released on May 21, 2013, through AFM Records.	Steelhammer	AFM Records
record label	Tender Melody is a studio album of Sofia Rotaru, recorded at Melodiya in the USSR.	Tender Melody	Melodiya
record label	In My Hands, an album by Natalie MacMaster, was released in 1999 on the Rounder Records label.	In My Hands	Rounder Records
record label	``Vaya Con Satan'' is a single from the Norwegian band Turbonegro from their 1992 album Hot Cars and Spent Contraceptives released on 7`` Vinyl in 1991 by Sympathy for the Record Industry.	Vaya Con Satan	Sympathy for the Record Industry
record label	6 Days to Nowhere is Italian power metal band Labyrinth's sixth album, released February 26, 2007 on Scarlet Records.	6 Days to Nowhere	Scarlet Records
record label	Music Trance was Ben E. King's 13th album and 12th studio album, and his fifth record with Atlantic Records.	Music Trance	Atlantic Records
record label	Love over Gold is the fourth studio album by British rock band Dire Straits, released on 20 September 1982 by Vertigo Records internationally, and by Warner Bros. Records in the United States.	Love over Gold	Vertigo Records
record label	Cure for Pain was the second album released by alternative rock band Morphine through Rykodisc in 1993.	Cure for Pain	Rykodisc
record label	To All Our Fallen Heroes is Ann Beretta's 1999 release on Lookout! Records.	To All Our Fallen Heroes	Lookout! Records
record label	Double Figure is an album by Plaid released in 2001 on Warp Records.	Double Figure	Warp
record label	How Will I Laugh Tomorrow When I Can't Even Smile Today is the third album by American crossover thrash band Suicidal Tendencies, released on September 13, 1988 on Epic Records, their first album on that label.	How Will I Laugh Tomorrow When I Can't Even Smile Today	Epic Records
record label	``Just Like Me'' is a 1965 single by Paul Revere & the Raiders featuring Mark Lindsay as vocalist and released on Columbia Records which marked the beginning of a string of garage rock classics.	Just Like Me	Columbia Records
record label	Kottke's fifth album on the Private Music label, Great Big Boy is unique in the later Kottke canon in that every song includes a vocal part.	Great Big Boy	Private Music
record label	The Mission Bell is the sixth studio album by Delirious?.	The Mission Bell	Delirious
record label	Muzical Madness is the second album by Jimmy Z. The album was released on October 1, 1991 for Ruthless Records and was produced by Dr. Dre, Eazy-E and Jimmy Z. This album is one of the few, if not the only album released by Ruthless Records that is not entirely hip hop based.	Muzical Madness	Ruthless Records
record label	Taking Up Your Precious Time is the debut studio album by the then electronic music duo Pretty Lights (Derek Vincent Smith and Michal Menert).	Taking Up Your Precious Time	Pretty Lights
record label	Flyin' the Flannel is the fourth album by the American alternative rock band Firehose, released in 1991, and the band's first album after signing with the major label Columbia Records.	Flyin' the Flannel	Columbia Records
record label	``I Pity the Fool'' is a song originally recorded by Bobby Bland in 1961 for Duke Records.	I Pity the Fool	Duke Records
record label	Bridges to Babylon is the 21st British and 23rd American studio album by British rock band The Rolling Stones, released by Virgin Records on 29 September 1997.	Bridges to Babylon	Virgin Records
record label	Summer in Paradise is the 27th studio album by American rock band the Beach Boys, released on August 3, 1992 on Brother Records.	Summer in Paradise	Brother Records
record label	Even Serpents Shine is the second studio album by English power pop band The Only Ones, released in 1979 by Columbia Records.	Even Serpents Shine	Columbia Records
record label	Yeah!!! (or Aretha Franklin In Person With Her Quartet) is the eighth studio album by American singer Aretha Franklin, Released on May 17, 1965 by Columbia Records.	Yeah!!!	Columbia Records
record label	A Burn or a Shiver is an Edison Glass album that was released on April 4, 2006 by Credential Recordings.	A Burn or a Shiver	Credential Recordings
record label	TG Now is an album by English industrial band Throbbing Gristle, released in 2004 through record label Industrial Records.	TG Now	Industrial Records
record label	EMI Music Japan released a TV commercial and a Japanese Hadise website to promote the Belgian Turkish singer, this made Düm Tek Tek a hit in the Japanese charts.	Düm Tek Tek	EMI
record label	Den vassa eggen is the ninth studio album by the Swedish rock artist Ulf Lundell and was released on October 21, 1985, through Pandion.	Den vassa eggen	Pandion
record label	Osibirock is the fifth studio album by British Afro-pop band Osibisa released in 1974 by Warner Bros. Records K56048 and WEA International WE 835.	Osibirock	Warner Bros. Records
record label	The Ballad of Calico was the eighth studio album by Kenny Rogers and the First Edition and released as Reprise Records 6476.	The Ballad of Calico	Reprise Records
record label	``Yearning for Your Love'' is a quiet storm ballad recorded and released by The Gap Band on Mercury Records.	Yearning for Your Love	Mercury Records
record label	Come Home with Me is the third studio album by Harlem rapper Cam'ron, it is also his debut on Roc-A-Fella Records.	Come Home with Me	Roc-A-Fella Records
record label	No One Deserves to Be Here More Than Me is a full-length LP released by Philadelphia hardcore band Blacklisted on Deathwish Inc. on December 1, 2009.	No One Deserves to Be Here More Than Me	Deathwish Inc.
record label	Vatican Nitez is an album by Global Goon released on Rephlex Records.	Vatican Nitez	Rephlex Records
record label	Note Worker is the fourth studio album by guitarist Frank Gambale, released in 1991 through Victor Entertainment and reissued on 24 April 2001 through Samson Records.	Note Worker	Victor Entertainment
record label	Due to this, Columbia Records ceased promotion of this single (accounting for its rather low chart placing) and rush-released ``If You Leave Me Now'' seven weeks after the release of ``Another Rainy Day in New York City''.	Another Rainy Day in New York City	Columbia Records
record label	The Bell and the Hammer, is the third album released by This Day and Age on its label One Eleven Records.	The Bell and the Hammer	One Eleven Records
record label	Drop It in Their Laps is the first full length release from The Cops on their new label, Inertia recordings.	Drop It in Their Laps	Inertia
record label	Underneath the Laughter is a 1993 Leæther Strip album released by Zoth Ommog Records (CD ZOT 103).	Underneath the Laughter	Zoth Ommog Records
record label	Olidous Operettas is the second full-length album from The County Medical Examiners, as well as their first on Relapse Records.	Olidous Operettas	Relapse Records
record label	``Autostop/Love Is a Lonely Weekend'' is a limited edition single by Greek singer-songwriter Anna Vissi released in May 2006 by her former label Minos EMI.	Autostop/Love Is a Lonely Weekend	Minos EMI
record label	Barricades & Brickwalls is the second studio album by Australian country music singer Kasey Chambers released in Australia on 3 September 2001 by Essence Records and on 12 February 2002 on Warner Bros. Records in the U.S. The album was mainly written by Chambers with help from Worm Werchon and her father Bill Chambers.	Barricades & Brickwalls	Warner Bros. Records
record label	Dawn of Reprisal is the second album by Malefice released in February 2009 on Metal Blade Records, produced by WellerHill.	Dawn of Reprisal	Metal Blade Records
record label	``Still Water (Love)'' is a 1970 hit single written by Smokey Robinson and Frank Wilson, who also produced the track for Motown singing group The Four Tops, who took the song to the top ten of the UK pop charts and to number 11 in the US pop chart.	Still Water (Love)	Motown
record label	Victims of Deception is the second album by the US thrash metal band Heathen, which was released in 1991 by Roadrunner Records.	Victims of Deception	Roadrunner Records
record label	The Best of Two Worlds was released by Columbia Records in 1976 to feature Stan Getz in a reunion with João Gilberto.	The Best of Two Worlds	Columbia Records
record label	15 Again is the third album by French electronic duo Cassius, released in September 2006 by record label EMI.	15 Again	EMI
record label	The Hazards of Love is the fifth album by the American indie rock band The Decemberists, released through Capitol Records and Rough Trade in 2009.	The Hazards of Love	Capitol Records
record label	Satisfied Mind is the sixth album by The Walkabouts released in 1993 on Sub Pop Records.	Satisfied Mind	Sub Pop
record label	The Way the Wind Blows is the third studio album by A Hawk and a Hacksaw, released in 2006 on The Leaf Label.	The Way the Wind Blows	The Leaf Label
record label	Game Tested, Streets Approved is the third studio album by Black Rob, released on July 26, 2011 through Duck Down Music Inc. The album managed to peak at number 44 on the Billboard Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums.	Game Tested, Streets Approved	Duck Down Music Inc.
record label	Broadcasting from Home is the fourth album by the Penguin Cafe Orchestra, and was released in 1984 on E.G. Records.	Broadcasting from Home	E.G. Records
record label	Liquid Tension Experiment 2 is the second and final studio album by instrumental rock/progressive metal supergroup Liquid Tension Experiment, released on June 15, 1999 through Magna Carta Records.	Liquid Tension Experiment 2	Magna Carta Records
record label	``I Wish It Would Rain'' is a 1967 song recorded by the Temptations for the Motown label (under the ``Gordy'' imprint) and produced by Norman Whitfield.	I Wish It Would Rain	Motown
record label	While the album was released by Fat Wreck Chords, the 7-inch singles for ``Cavalier Eternal'' and ``Sink, Florida, Sink'' were released by the band's previous label No Idea Records, using alternate versions of the songs that differ from the versions on the album.	Cavalier Eternal	No Idea Records
record label	Globe of Frogs is the seventh album released by Robyn Hitchcock and his fourth with his backing band The Egyptians, released on A&M Records in 1988.	Globe of Frogs	A&M Records
record label	Rick Wakeman's Criminal Record is the seventh studio album by English keyboardist Rick Wakeman, released in November 1977 on A&M Records.	Rick Wakeman's Criminal Record	A&M Records
record label	Doe or Die is the debut studio album by rapper AZ, released October 10, 1995 on EMI Records.	Doe or Die	EMI Records
record label	Rendezvous in New York is an album by American pianist Chick Corea, released on April 22, 2003, on Corea's own Stretch Records, as a two-CD set.	Rendezvous in New York	Stretch Records
record label	VVRSSNN, released on K Records in 2003, is the only full-length album made by musician Adam Forkner under the band name VVRSSNN (pronounced Version).	VVRSSNN	K Records
record label	Kindless is the debut album by Israeli technical death metal band Eternal Gray, released through Listenable Records on December 6, 2002.	Kindless	Listenable Records
record label	It was released on 28 September 1987 by Mute Records, and was supported by the Music for the Masses Tour.	Music for the Masses	Mute Records
record label	Dru World Order is the third studio album by American R&B group Dru Hill, released in late 2002 (see 2002 in music) on Def Jam Recordings' Def Soul imprint.	Dru World Order	Def Jam Recordings
record label	The Mystery of Life is the 77th album by country singer Johnny Cash, released in 1991, and his last for Mercury Records.	The Mystery of Life	Mercury Records
record label	``Theme from Mahogany (Do You Know Where You're Going To)'' is a song written by Michael Masser and Gerald Goffin, and recorded by American singers Thelma Houston in 1973, and most notably Diana Ross as the theme to the 1975 Motown/Paramount film Mahogany.	Theme from Mahogany (Do You Know Where You're Going To)	Motown
record label	Cognicide is Western Addiction's first full-length album and was released on Fat Wreck Chords in 2005.	Cognicide	Fat Wreck Chords
record label	The World Is a Ghetto is the fifth album by the band War, released in late 1972 on United Artists Records.	The World Is a Ghetto	United Artists Records
record label	Virtual State is Richard H. Kirk's first solo album for Warp Records.	Virtual State	Warp
record label	Elements Pt. 2 is the tenth studio album by power metal band Stratovarius, released on 4 November 2003 through Nuclear Blast.	Elements Pt. 2	Nuclear Blast
record label	Sou de Qualquer Lugar (English: I'm from Anywhere) is the sixth studio album by Brazilian singer Daniela Mercury, released on November 20, 2001 on RCA Records.	Sou de Qualquer Lugar	RCA Records
record label	``I Build This Garden for Us'' is the second single by American rock musician Lenny Kravitz from his début album, Let Love Rule, and released in 1990 by Virgin Records America.	I Build This Garden for Us	Virgin Records
record label	``You Got the Floor'' was a jazz-funk dance single by American guitarist and singer Arthur Adams.	You Got the Floor	funk	Arthur Adams
record label	Heads Are Gonna Roll is the second album by the Los Angeles, California ska band The Hippos, released in 1999 by Interscope Records.	Heads Are Gonna Roll	Interscope Records
record label	Fairytales of Slavery is the penultimate release by Miranda Sex Garden, issued on Mute Records in June 1994.	Fairytales of Slavery	Mute Records
record label	Our Love to Admire is the third studio album by the American rock band Interpol, released on July 10, 2007 on Capitol Records.	Our Love to Admire	Capitol Records
record label	The Great Awake (Fat Wreck Chords/Union Label Group) is the second full-length studio release by The Flatliners.	The Great Awake	Fat Wreck Chords	Union Label Group
record label	Low on Ice (The Iceland Sessions) is a 1995 album by German electronic artist Alec Empire, the third of five released on the Mille Plateaux label.	Low on Ice (The Iceland Sessions)	Mille Plateaux
record label	Sings Precious Memories is the fifth gospel and 50th overall album by country singer Johnny Cash, released in 1975 on Columbia Records.	Sings Precious Memories	Columbia Records
record label	Dear Friends and Gentle Hearts is the fifth studio album by Oakland punk band American Steel, released on Fat Wreck Chords on July 21, 2009.	Dear Friends and Gentle Hearts	Fat Wreck Chords
record label	Epistel No 5 (released September 28, 2012 by the label Inner Ear/Musikkkoperatørene - INEA 16) is an studio album by Vigleik Storaas Trio.	Epistel No 5	Inner Ear
record label	Violence in the Snowy Fields is the second full-length by Dolorean, released in 2004 on Yep Roc Records.	Violence in the Snowy Fields	Yep Roc Records
record label	``Tomorrow (Voulez-vous un rendez-vous)'' is a song by Italian punk rock band CCCP Fedeli alla linea, released in 1988 by Virgin Records.	Tomorrow (Voulez-vous un rendez-vous)	Virgin Records
record label	``The Stones I Throw (Will Free All Men)'' was the A-side to the 1965 single by Levon and the Hawks, released on Atco Records.	The Stones I Throw	Atco Records
record label	``Touch My Body'' was eventually chosen as the lead single through a vote in between the record executives at Island Records, with the final choices being the former and ``I'm That Chick'' (titled ``I'm That Chick You Like'' at that point).	Touch My Body	Island Records
record label	Thing-Fish is an album by Frank Zappa, originally released as a triple album box set on Barking Pumpkin Records in 1984.	Thing-Fish	Barking Pumpkin Records
record label	Pleased to Meet Me is the fifth studio album by the American rock band The Replacements, released in 1987 by Sire Records.	Pleased to Meet Me	Sire Records
record label	Attak, the first KMFDM album following a three-year hiatus, was released in 2002 on Metropolis Records and is the group's twelfth studio album overall.	Attak	Metropolis Records
record label	``You Can't Stop a Tattler'' is a gospel blues song written by Washington Phillips (1880--1954) and recorded by him for Columbia Records in 1929 (vocals and zither).	You Can't Stop a Tattler	Columbia Records
record label	Love Behind the Melody is the second studio album by American R&B recording artist Raheem DeVaughn, released on January 15, 2008 by Jive Records.	Love Behind the Melody	Jive Records
record label	Hymns for the Exiled is the second album by American folksinger Anais Mitchell, released in 2004 on Waterbug Records.	Hymns for the Exiled	Waterbug Records
record label	``Bigbang is V.I.P'' or ``La La La'', is the second single by South Korean hip hop boy band Big Bang, released by YG Entertainment in 2006.	Bigbang is V.I.P	YG Entertainment
record label	Released on April 8, 1997 through Suave House and Relativity Records, Conflicts & Confusion easily became Crime Boss' most successful album, peaking at 25 on the Billboard 200.	Conflicts & Confusion	Relativity Records
record label	Money EP is an EP by Ringside.	Money EP	Ringside
record label	Engraved in Black is the fourth studio album by the symphonic black metal band Graveworm, released in 2003 through Nuclear Blast.	Engraved in Black	Nuclear Blast
record label	Yessongs is the first live album from the English progressive rock band Yes, released as a triple album in May 1973 on Atlantic Records.	Yessongs	Atlantic Records
record label	Doing His Thing is a 1969 studio album by Ray Charles, released by Tangerine Records.	Doing His Thing	Tangerine Records
record label	Umbrellowhead is a collection of songs from other bands that the eleven members of Bellowhead also play in as well as some solo material from the individual artists.	Umbrellowhead	Bellowhead
record label	Tomahawk Technique is the fifth studio album by Jamaican dancehall recording artist Sean Paul, released through Atlantic Records (Warner Music Group) from 24 January 2012.	Tomahawk Technique	Atlantic Records
screenwriter	Peppermint Candy (Hangul: 박하사탕; RR: Pakha Satang) is a 1999 film, the second from South Korean director Lee Chang-dong.	Peppermint Candy	Lee Chang-dong
screenwriter	La presidenta municipal (``The Municipal President'') is a 1975 Mexican comedy film directed by Fernando Cortés and starring María Elena Velasco, Adalberto Martínez ``Resortes'', and Pancho Córdova.	La presidenta municipal	Fernando Cortés
screenwriter	The Curse of the Hidden Vault (German: Die Gruft mit dem Rätselschloß) is a 1964 black and white West German crime film directed by Franz Josef Gottlieb and starring Harald Leipnitz.	The Curse of the Hidden Vault	Franz Josef Gottlieb
screenwriter	Space Truckers is a 1996 American-British-Irish comic science fiction film directed by Stuart Gordon and starring Dennis Hopper, Stephen Dorff, Debi Mazar and Charles Dance.	Space Truckers	Stuart Gordon
screenwriter	Deep Rising is a 1998 American action horror film directed by Stephen Sommers and starring Treat Williams, Famke Janssen and Anthony Heald.	Deep Rising	Stephen Sommers
screenwriter	Dard Divorce is a German independent horror film directed by Olaf Ittenbach and stars Christopher Kiesa, Daryl Jackson and Martina Ittenbach.	Dard Divorce	Olaf Ittenbach
screenwriter	A Song for Martin (Swedish: En sång för Martin) is a 2001 Swedish drama film directed by Danish Bille August and starring Sven Wollter and Viveka Seldahl.	A Song for Martin	Bille August
screenwriter	Italian for Beginners (Danish: Italiensk for begyndere) is a 2000 Danish romantic comedy film written and directed by Lone Scherfig.	Italian for Beginners	Lone Scherfig
screenwriter	The Valley of Gwangi is a 1969 American western-fantasy film directed by Jim O'Connolly and written by William Bast.	The Valley of Gwangi	William Bast
screenwriter	Smokin' Aces is a 2006 British-American action-crime film written and directed by Joe Carnahan.	Smokin' Aces	Joe Carnahan
screenwriter	Your Sister's Sister is a 2011 American comedy-drama film written and directed by Lynn Shelton and starring Emily Blunt, Rosemarie DeWitt, and Mark Duplass.	Your Sister's Sister	Lynn Shelton
screenwriter	Brimstone and Treacle is a 1976 BBC television play by Dennis Potter.	Brimstone and Treacle	Dennis Potter
screenwriter	The Three Pilots (Italian: I tre aquilotti) is a 1942 Italian drama film directed by Mario Mattoli and starring Michela Belmonte.	The Three Pilots	Mario Mattoli
screenwriter	Catlow is a 1971 western film, based on a 1963 novel of the same name by Louis L'Amour.	Catlow	Louis L'Amour
screenwriter	Assault on Wall Street (also known as Attack on Wall Street and formerly known as Bailout: The Age of Greed) is a 2013 drama thriller film written and directed by Uwe Boll, and starring Dominic Purcell.	Assault on Wall Street	Uwe Boll
screenwriter	Young Sherlock Holmes (also titled as Young Sherlock Holmes and the Pyramid of Fear) is a 1985 American mystery adventure film directed by Barry Levinson and written by Chris Columbus, based on the characters created by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle.	Young Sherlock Holmes	Chris Columbus
screenwriter	My Friend the King is a 1932 British comedy film, directed by Michael Powell and starring Jerry Verno.	My Friend the King	Michael Powell
screenwriter	Transport from Paradise (Czech: Transport z ráje) is a 1962 Czech drama film directed by Zbyněk Brynych.	Transport from Paradise	Zbyněk Brynych
screenwriter	The Greatest of All (Italian: I più grandi di tutti) is a 2011 Italian comedy film directed by Carlo Virzì.	The Greatest of All	Carlo Virzì
screenwriter	Saivam (English: Vegetarian) is a 2014 Tamil drama film written, directed and produced by A. L. Vijay.	Saivam	A. L. Vijay
screenwriter	The One with Rachel's Date was directed by Gary Halvorson and co-written by Brian Buckner and Sebastian Jones.	The One with Rachel's Date	Brian Buckner	Sebastian Jones
screenwriter	Junior Bonner is a 1972 film directed by Sam Peckinpah and starring Steve McQueen, Joe Don Baker, Robert Preston and Ida Lupino.	Junior Bonner	Sam Peckinpah
screenwriter	Summer in Bethlehem is a 1998 Malayalam film written by Ranjith and directed by Sibi Malayil.	Summer in Bethlehem	Ranjith
screenwriter	Something Like Happiness (Czech title: Štěstí ) is a 2005 Czech movie directed by Bohdan Sláma.	Something Like Happiness	Bohdan Sláma
screenwriter	Gangster Squad is a 2013 American crime film directed by Ruben Fleischer and written by Will Beall.	Gangster Squad	Will Beall
screenwriter	The Serpent's Way (Swedish: Ormens väg på hälleberget) is a 1986 Swedish drama film directed by Bo Widerberg.	The Serpent's Way	Bo Widerberg
screenwriter	Nobody Else But You (French: Poupoupidou) is a 2011 French thriller≈ film directed by Gérald Hustache-Mathieu.	Nobody Else But You	Gérald Hustache-Mathieu
screenwriter	Turn the River is a film that was written and directed by Chris Eigeman.	Turn the River	Chris Eigeman
screenwriter	Without Anesthesia (alternative English title: Rough Treatment) is the English-language title for the Polish film Bez znieczulenia, released in 1978, directed by Andrzej Wajda.	Without Anesthesia	Andrzej Wajda
screenwriter	I've Always Loved You is a 1946 American drama film directed by Frank Borzage and written by Borden Chase.	I've Always Loved You	Borden Chase
screenwriter	Camille Rewinds (French: Camille redouble) is a 2012 French drama film directed by Noémie Lvovsky.	Camille Rewinds	Noémie Lvovsky
screenwriter	Somersault in a Coffin (Turkish: Tabutta Rövaşata) is a 1996 Turkish film)), written and directed by Derviş Zaim, about a homeless criminal and car thief.	Somersault in a Coffin	Derviş Zaim
screenwriter	Wayne's World 2 is a 1993 American comedy film starring Mike Myers and Dana Carvey as hosts of a public-access television cable TV show in Aurora, Illinois.	Wayne's World 2	Mike Myers
screenwriter	De 5 i fedtefadet (German: '5 Freunde in der Tinte') is a Danish-German film directed by Katrine Hedman based on Enid Blyton's Five Get into Trouble.	De 5 i fedtefadet	Enid Blyton
screenwriter	22 Jump Street is a 2014 American action comedy film directed by Phil Lord and Christopher Miller, produced by and starring Jonah Hill and Channing Tatum, and written by Michael Bacall, Oren Uziel, and Rodney Rothman.	22 Jump Street	Jonah Hill	Michael Bacall	Rodney Rothman
screenwriter	Chongqing Blues (Chinese: 日照重慶, pinyin: Rizhao Chongqing; literally Sunshine over Chongqing) is a 2010 Chinese drama film directed by Wang Xiaoshuai.	Chongqing Blues	Wang Xiaoshuai
screenwriter	A Woman on Fire (Italian: Brucia, ragazzo, brucia, also known as Burn, Boy, Burn) is a 1969 Italian erotic-drama film written and directed by Fernando Di Leo.	A Woman on Fire	Fernando Di Leo
screenwriter	On the Way to School (Turkish: İki Dil Bir Bavul) is a 2008 Turkish documentary film directed by Orhan Eskiköy and Özgür Doğan.	On the Way to School	Orhan Eskiköy	Özgür Doğan
screenwriter	The Caretaker is a play in three acts by Harold Pinter.	The Caretaker	Harold Pinter
screenwriter	People on Sunday (German: Menschen am Sonntag) is a 1930 German silent drama film directed by Curt and Robert Siodmak from a screenplay by Billy Wilder.	People on Sunday	Billy Wilder
screenwriter	The Outside Man (Un homme est mort) is a 1972 French thriller set in Los Angeles, directed by Jacques Deray and starring Jean-Louis Trintignant, Ann-Margret, Roy Scheider, and Angie Dickinson.	The Outside Man	Jacques Deray
screenwriter	It's Not Just You, Murray! (1964) is a short film directed by Martin Scorsese.	It's Not Just You, Murray!	Martin Scorsese
screenwriter	Kobe Doin' Work is a 2009 documentary film directed by Spike Lee.	Kobe Doin' Work	Spike Lee
screenwriter	Jusqu'au bout de la nuit (``until the end of the night'') is a 1995 French drama film directed by Gérard Blain, starring Blain and Anicée Alvina.	Jusqu'au bout de la nuit	Gérard Blain
screenwriter	At the Devil's Door (originally titled Home) is a 2014 American horror film directed by Nicholas McCarthy.	At the Devil's Door	Nicholas McCarthy
screenwriter	Close to Leo (French: Tout contre Léo) is a 2002 French TV film directed by Christophe Honoré and based on his 1996 novel for young adults.	Close to Leo	Christophe Honoré
screenwriter	Lulu on the Bridge is a 1998 American romantic-mystery drama film written and directed by author Paul Auster and starring Harvey Keitel, Mira Sorvino, and Willem Dafoe.	Lulu on the Bridge	Paul Auster	Harvey Keitel	Mira Sorvino	Willem Dafoe
screenwriter	The Power of Few is a feature film directed, written and co-produced by American filmmaker Leone Marucci.	The Power of Few	Leone Marucci
screenwriter	Une chance sur deux is a French film directed by Patrice Leconte, released in 1998, and starring Jean-Paul Belmondo, Alain Delon and Vanessa Paradis.	Une chance sur deux	Patrice Leconte
screenwriter	Bravo Acrobat! (German:Akrobat Schööön!) is a 1943 German comedy film directed by Wolfgang Staudte and starring Charlie Rivel, Clara Tabody and Karl Schönböck.	Bravo Acrobat!	Wolfgang Staudte
screenwriter	Blue Hawaii is a 1961 American musical romantic comedy film set in the state of Hawaii and starring Elvis Presley.	Blue Hawaii	Elvis Presley
screenwriter	Shock Corridor is a 1963 film, directed and written by Samuel Fuller.	Shock Corridor	Samuel Fuller
screenwriter	Don't Let Them Shoot the Kite (Turkish: Uçurtmayı Vurmasınlar) is a 1989 Turkish drama film, co-written, co-produced and directed by Tunç Başaran based on a story by Feride Çiçekoğlu, featuring Nur Sürer as a female political prisoners who befriends the child of a fellow inmate.	Don't Let Them Shoot the Kite	Feride Çiçekoğlu
screenwriter	Le Beau Mariage (The Good Marriage) is a 1982 French film directed by Éric Rohmer, starring Béatrice Romand, André Dussollier, Féodor Atkine.	Le Beau Mariage	Éric Rohmer
screenwriter	Frankenstein 90 is a 1984 French comedy film directed, produced and written by Alain Jessua.	Frankenstein 90	Alain Jessua
screenwriter	Where's Firuze? (Turkish: Neredesin Firuze?) is a 2004 Turkish comedy film directed by Ezel Akay and written by Levent Kazak.	Where's Firuze?	Levent Kazak
screenwriter	Le Chat et la souris (US title: Cat and Mouse, also known as Seven Suspects for Murder) is a 1975 French mystery film directed and written by Claude Lelouch.	Le Chat et la souris	Claude Lelouch
screenwriter	Heroic Times (Hungarian: Daliás idők) is a 1984 Hungarian animated versace historical epic film directed by József Gémes.	Heroic Times	József Gémes
screenwriter	Nine Months is a 1995 romantic comedy film directed by Chris Columbus.	Nine Months	Chris Columbus
screenwriter	Amélie (French: Le Fabuleux Destin d'Amélie Poulain; French pronunciation: ​(lə.fa.by.lø.dɛs.tɛ̃.da.me.li.puˈlɛ̃); The Fabulous Destiny of Amélie Poulain) is a 2001 romantic comedy film directed by Jean-Pierre Jeunet.	Amélie	Jean-Pierre Jeunet
screenwriter	Singam II is a 2013 Indian Tamil action film written and directed by Hari.	Singam II	Hari
screenwriter	``Sticky Wicket'' was episode #21 of the first season of the TV series M*A*S*H. written by Richard Baer with the teleplay written by Laurence Marks and Larry Gelbart, it originally aired on CBS-TV on March 4, 1973.	Sticky Wicket	Richard Baer
screenwriter	Ay Lav Yu is a 2010 Turkish comedy film, written and directed by Sermiyan Midyat, about a young man who having completed his education returns to his home village along with his American bride-to-be.	Ay Lav Yu	Sermiyan Midyat
screenwriter	Cop or Hood (French: Flic ou voyou) is a 1979 French crime and action film directed by Georges Lautner.	Cop or Hood	Georges Lautner
screenwriter	L'Auberge Espagnole (/l oʊˈbɛərʒ ˌɛspənˈjoʊl, -pæ-/; literally: ``the Spanish inn''; released in some English-speaking territories as Pot Luck or The Spanish Apartment) is a 2002 French-Spanish film directed and written by Cédric Klapisch.	L'Auberge Espagnole	Cédric Klapisch
screenwriter	Die Tapferen Haende im Chaos der Zeit ( Valiant Hands in the Chaos of Time ) is a 2013 short film (Docufiction) written and directed by Mika'ela Fisher.	Die Tapferen Haende im Chaos der Zeit	Mika'ela Fisher
screenwriter	Me, Myself and Mum (French: Les Garçons et Guillaume, à table !) is a 2013 French autobiographical coming of age comedy film written, directed by and starring Guillaume Gallienne.	Me, Myself and Mum	Guillaume Gallienne
screenwriter	108 Demon Kings (French: 108 Rois-Démons) is a 2014 computer-animated family adventure film directed by Pascal Morelli.	108 Demon Kings	Pascal Morelli
screenwriter	Run Lola Run (German: Lola rennt, literally ``Lola runs'' or ``Lola is running'') is a 1998 German thriller film written and directed by Tom Tykwer and starring Franka Potente as Lola and Moritz Bleibtreu as Manni.	Run Lola Run	Tom Tykwer
screenwriter	Saving Mr. Banks is a 2013 period drama film directed by John Lee Hancock from a screenplay written by Kelly Marcel and Sue Smith.	Saving Mr. Banks	Kelly Marcel
screenwriter	What's the World Coming To?, also known as A Furious Future, is a 1926 American silent film featuring Stan Laurel.	What's the World Coming To?	Stan Laurel
screenwriter	Garibaldi's Lovers (Italian: Il comandante e la cicogna, also known as The Commander and the Stork) is a 2012 Italian comedy film directed by Silvio Soldini.	Garibaldi's Lovers	Silvio Soldini
screenwriter	Monte Carlo Baby is a 1952 British-French comedy film co-directed by Jean Boyer and Lester Fuller.	Monte Carlo Baby	Jean Boyer
screenwriter	Timecop is a 1994 science fiction action film directed by Peter Hyams and co-written by Mike Richardson and Mark Verheiden.	Timecop	Mark Verheiden
screenwriter	Saved from the Titanic is a 1912 American silent motion picture short starring Dorothy Gibson, an American film actress who survived the sinking of the RMS Titanic on April 15, 1912.	Saved from the Titanic	Dorothy Gibson
screenwriter	Rules of Dating (Hangul: 연애의 목적; RR: Yeonae-ui mokjeok) is a 2005 South Korean film starring Park Hae-il and Kang Hye-jung, and is the directorial debut of filmmaker Han Jae-rim.	Rules of Dating	Han Jae-rim
screenwriter	The Lady Consents is a 1936 American melodrama film directed by Stephen Roberts from a screenplay by P. J. Wolfson and Anthony Veiller, from Wolfson's story, ``The Indestructible Mrs. Talbot''.	The Lady Consents	Anthony Veiller
screenwriter	The Masked Lover (Czech: Maskovaná milenka) is a 1940 Czechoslovak historical drama film directed by Otakar Vávra.	The Masked Lover	Otakar Vávra
screenwriter	Le Frisson des Vampires (English title: The Shiver of the Vampires) is a 1971 film directed by Jean Rollin.	Le Frisson des Vampires	Jean Rollin
screenwriter	Analyze This is a 1999 gangster comedy film directed by Harold Ramis, who co-wrote the screenplay with playwright Kenneth Lonergan and Peter Tolan.	Analyze This	Harold Ramis	Kenneth Lonergan	Peter Tolan
screenwriter	L'aventure, c'est l'aventure is a 1972 French film directed by Claude Lelouch.	L'aventure, c'est l'aventure	Claude Lelouch
screenwriter	Goldface, the Fantastic Superman (Italian: Goldface, Il fantastico superman, Spanish: Goldface, also known as Cara de oro and El fantástico superman) is an Italian-Spanish co-production superhero-adventure film directed by Bitto Albertini.	Goldface, the Fantastic Superman	Bitto Albertini
screenwriter	Red Hook Summer is a 2012 American film co-written and directed by Spike Lee.	Red Hook Summer	Spike Lee
screenwriter	The Biggest Heroes (Danish: De største helte) is a 1996 Danish comedy/road movie film directed by Thomas Vinterberg.	The Biggest Heroes	Thomas Vinterberg
screenwriter	Hassan and Nayima (Arabic: حسن ونعيمة‎, translit. Hassan wa Nayima) is a 1959 Egyptian drama film directed by Henry Barakat.	Hassan and Nayima	Henry Barakat
screenwriter	The Local Stigmatic is based on a stage play by Heathcote Williams.	The Local Stigmatic	Heathcote Williams
screenwriter	Two Gentlemen Sharing is a 1969 British drama film directed by Ted Kotcheff, written by Evan Jones and starring Robin Phillips, Judy Geeson, Esther Anderson, Hal Frederick, Norman Rossington and Rachel Kempson.	Two Gentlemen Sharing	Evan Jones
screenwriter	Murder in the Central Committee (Spanish: Asesinato en el Comité Central) is a 1982 Spanish thriller film directed by Vicente Aranda.	Murder in the Central Committee	Vicente Aranda
screenwriter	Tur & retur (``Round-trip'') is a 2003 Swedish comedy film, directed and written by Ella Lemhagen.	Tur & retur	Ella Lemhagen
screenwriter	Out 1 is a 1971 film directed by Jacques Rivette, one of the major filmmakers of the French New Wave.	Out 1	Jacques Rivette
screenwriter	Il seduttore (traslation: The Seducer) is a 1954 Italian comedy film directed by Franco Rossi.	Il seduttore	Franco Rossi
screenwriter	Tropical Malady (Thai: สัตว์ประหลาด or Sud pralad; RTGS: Satpralat; lit. ``monster'') is a 2004 Thai romantic psychological drama film directed by Apichatpong Weerasethakul.	Tropical Malady	Apichatpong Weerasethakul
screenwriter	Star Trek Into Darkness is a 2013 American science fiction action film directed by J.J. Abrams and written by Roberto Orci, Alex Kurtzman and Damon Lindelof.	Star Trek Into Darkness	Roberto Orci	Alex Kurtzman	Damon Lindelof
screenwriter	How to Drown Dr. Mracek, the Lawyer (Czech: Jak utopit dr. Mráčka aneb Konec vodníků v Čechách) is a Czech comedy film directed by Václav Vorlíček.	How to Drown Dr. Mracek, the Lawyer	Václav Vorlíček
screenwriter	The Great Race is a 1965 American slapstick comedy Technicolor film starring Jack Lemmon, Tony Curtis, and Natalie Wood, directed by Blake Edwards, written by Blake Edwards and Arthur A. Ross, and with music by Henry Mancini and cinematography by Russell Harlan.	The Great Race	Arthur A. Ross
screenwriter	Mrs Henderson Presents is a 2005 British comedy film written by American playwright Martin Sherman and directed by Stephen Frears.	Mrs Henderson Presents	Martin Sherman
screenwriter	A Hole in My Heart (Swedish: Ett hål i mitt hjärta) is a 2004 Swedish experimental drama film written and directed by Lukas Moodysson, starring Thorsten Flinck, Sanna Bråding, Björn Almroth and Goran Marjanovic.	A Hole in My Heart	Lukas Moodysson
screenwriter	Of Life and Love (Italian: Questa è la vita) is a 1954 Italian comedy film directed by Aldo Fabrizi, Giorgio Pastina, Mario Soldati and Luigi Zampa.	Of Life and Love	Aldo Fabrizi	Mario Soldati	Luigi Zampa
screenwriter	Venice, the Moon and You (Italian: Venezia, la luna e tu) is a 1958 Italian comedy film directed by Dino Risi.	Venice, the Moon and You	Dino Risi
screenwriter	Provincial Actors (Polish: Aktorzy prowincjonalni) is a 1979 Polish drama film directed by Agnieszka Holland.	Provincial Actors	Agnieszka Holland
screenwriter	Cadences obstinées (Portuguese: Cadências Obstinadas) is a 2013 French-Portuguese romance film directed by Fanny Ardant.	Cadences obstinées	Fanny Ardant
screenwriter	The World's Greatest Lover is a 1977 comedy film directed, written by and starring Gene Wilder, and co-starring Carol Kane.	The World's Greatest Lover	Gene Wilder
screenwriter	500 Days of Summer (stylized as (500) Days of Summer) is a 2009 American romantic comedy-drama film directed by Marc Webb from a screenplay written by Scott Neustadter and Michael H. Weber, and produced by Mark Waters.	500 Days of Summer	Scott Neustadter
screenwriter	Veetula Raman Veliyila Krishnan (Tamil: வீட்டுல ராமன் வெளியிலே கிருஷ்ணன்) is a 1983 Indian Tamil film, directed by Manivannan and produced by Panchu Arunachalam.	Veetula Raman Veliyila Krishnan	Manivannan
screenwriter	Ferris Bueller's Day Off is a 1986 American comedy film written, produced and directed by John Hughes.	Ferris Bueller's Day Off	John Hughes
screenwriter	My Cousin Vinny is a 1992 American comedy film written by Dale Launer and directed by Jonathan Lynn.	My Cousin Vinny	Dale Launer
screenwriter	Lars and the Real Girl is a 2007 American-Canadian comedy-drama film written by Nancy Oliver and directed by Craig Gillespie.	Lars and the Real Girl	Nancy Oliver
screenwriter	Ma chi t'ha dato la patente? (But who gave you your license?) is a 1970 Italian comedy film directed by Nando Cicero.	Ma chi t'ha dato la patente?	Nando Cicero
screenwriter	Vi hade i alla fall tur med vädret -- igen (``We were at least lucky with the weather -- again'') is a Swedish comedy film by Kjell-Åke Andersson which had premiere on 5 December 2008.	Vi hade i alla fall tur med vädret	Kjell-Åke Andersson
screenwriter	I Only Want You To Love Me (German: Ich will doch nur, daß ihr mich liebt) is a 1976 West German television movie written and directed by Rainer Werner Fassbinder, and starring Vitus Zeplichal and Elke Aberle.	I Only Want You To Love Me	Rainer Werner Fassbinder
screenwriter	An Unmarried Woman is a 1978 American comedy-drama film written and directed by Paul Mazursky, and starring Jill Clayburgh.	An Unmarried Woman	Paul Mazursky
screenwriter	Karin's Face (Swedish title: Karins ansikte) is a 14-minute film directed by Ingmar Bergman focusing on Bergman's mother, Karin.	Karin's Face	Ingmar Bergman
screenwriter	The Triplets of Belleville (French: Les Triplettes de Belleville) is a 2003 animated comedy film written and directed by Sylvain Chomet.	The Triplets of Belleville	Sylvain Chomet
screenwriter	The Fantastic Flying Books of Mr. Morris Lessmore is a 2011 animated short film directed by William Joyce and Brandon Oldenburg, and produced by Moonbot Studios in Shreveport, Louisiana.	The Fantastic Flying Books of Mr. Morris Lessmore	William Joyce
screenwriter	Garage Days is a 2002 Australian film directed by Alex Proyas and written by Proyas, Dave Warner and Michael Udesky.	Garage Days	Alex Proyas
screenwriter	Beyond the Hills (Romanian: După dealuri) is a 2012 Romanian drama film directed by Cristian Mungiu, starring Cristina Flutur and Cosmina Stratan.	Beyond the Hills	Cristian Mungiu
screenwriter	Eyes Behind the Stars (Italian: Occhi dalle stelle) is a 1978 Italian sci-fi film directed by Mario Gariazzo (here credited as Roy Garrett).	Eyes Behind the Stars	Mario Gariazzo
screenwriter	La tigre dei sette mari, internationally released as Tiger of the Seven Seas, is a 1962 Italian adventure film directed by Luigi Capuano.	Tiger of the Seven Seas	Luigi Capuano
screenwriter	A Happy Event (French: Un heureux événement) is a 2011 French-Belgian comedy-drama film directed by Rémi Bezançon.	A Happy Event	Rémi Bezançon
screenwriter	Fluttering Hearts is a 1927 American film featuring Charley Chase, Oliver Hardy, and Eugene Pallette.	Fluttering Hearts	Charley Chase
screenwriter	The Boy Who Stole a Million is a 1960 British comedy thriller film directed by Charles Crichton.	The Boy Who Stole a Million	Charles Crichton
screenwriter	Naan Pesa Ninaipathellam is a 1993 Tamil language drama film directed by Vikraman.	Naan Pesa Ninaipathellam	Vikraman
screenwriter	A Man and a Woman: 20 Years Later (French: Un homme et une femme, 20 ans déjà) is a 1986 French drama film directed by Claude Lelouch and is a sequel to Lelouch's 1966 film Un homme et une femme.	A Man and a Woman: 20 Years Later	Claude Lelouch
screenwriter	A Hoof Here, a Hoof There (Czech: Kopytem sem, kopytem tam) is a Czech drama film directed by Věra Chytilová.	A Hoof Here, a Hoof There	Věra Chytilová
screenwriter	Air Mata Iboe (Perfected spelling: Air Mata Ibu; Malay for A Mother's Tears) is a 1941 film from the Dutch East Indies (now Indonesia) directed and written by Njoo Cheong Seng.	Air Mata Iboe	Njoo Cheong Seng
screenwriter	Sesso e volentieri is a 1982 Italian anthology-comedy film directed by Dino Risi.	Sesso e volentieri	Dino Risi
screenwriter	Un amore a Roma (internationally released as Love in Rome) is a 1960 Italian romantic drama film directed by Dino Risi.	Love in Rome	Dino Risi
screenwriter	Queen to Play (original title Joueuse, literally the feminine form of ``player'') is a 2009 French-German film directed by Caroline Bottaro.	Queen to Play	Caroline Bottaro
screenwriter	The Daytrippers is a 1996 independent drama film written and directed by Greg Mottola.	The Daytrippers	Greg Mottola
screenwriter	Cabaret Balkan is a 1998 Serbian film directed by Goran Paskaljević starring Miki Manojlović and Nebojša Glogovac.	Cabaret Balkan	Goran Paskaljević
screenwriter	The storyline was conceived from a screenplay written by Michael Bortman and Allison Burnett, based on a Los Angeles Times Magazine article entitled Resurrecting the Champ, by author J.R. Moehringer.	Resurrecting the Champ	Michael Bortman
screenwriter	Orchestra Rehearsal (Italian: Prova d'orchestra) is a 1978 Italian satirical film directed by Federico Fellini.	Orchestra Rehearsal	Federico Fellini
screenwriter	The French Detective (French: Adieu poulet) is a 1975 French film directed by Pierre Granier-Deferre, and scripted by Francis Veber from a novel by Raf Vallet.	The French Detective	Francis Veber
screenwriter	Letters to Father Jacob (Finnish: Postia pappi Jaakobille) is a 2009 Finnish drama film written and directed by Klaus Härö.	Letters to Father Jacob	Klaus Härö
screenwriter	Lenin in Poland (Russian: Ленин в Польше, translit. Lenin v Polshe) is a 1966 Soviet drama film directed by Sergei Yutkevich.	Lenin in Poland	Sergei Yutkevich
screenwriter	Private Confessions (Swedish: Enskilda samtal) is a 1996 Swedish drama film directed by Liv Ullmann and written by Ingmar Bergman.	Private Confessions	Ingmar Bergman
screenwriter	Night of the Seagulls (La Noche de las gaviotas; UK video title: Don't Go Out at Night) (1975) is a Spanish horror film written and directed by Amando de Ossorio.	Night of the Seagulls	Amando de Ossorio
screenwriter	Na kometě (literally On the Comet) is a 1970 Czech film directed by Karel Zeman, based on Jules Verne's novel Hector Servadac.	On the Comet	Karel Zeman
screenwriter	Pootie Tang is a 2001 American comedy film written and directed by Louis C.K. Adapted from a comedy sketch that first appeared on The Chris Rock Show, the character Pootie Tang is a satire of the stereotyped characters who appeared in old blaxploitation films.	Pootie Tang	Louis C.K.
screenwriter	Directed by Stuart Gordon and produced by Brian Yuzna, it was the first film in the Re-Animator (film series).	Re-Animator	Stuart Gordon
screenwriter	A Small Town Idol is a 1921 American silent film feature comedy produced by Mack Sennett and released through Associated First National.	A Small Town Idol	Mack Sennett
screenwriter	Giulia Doesn't Date at Night (Italian: Giulia non esce la sera) is a 2009 Italian drama film directed by Giuseppe Piccioni and starring Valerio Mastandrea as Guido and Valeria Golino as the title character, Giulia.	Giulia Doesn't Date at Night	Giuseppe Piccioni
screenwriter	``Welcome to Briarcliff'' is written by executive producer Tim Minear and directed by co-executive producer Bradley Buecker.	Welcome to Briarcliff	Tim Minear
screenwriter	RocknRolla is a 2008 British crime comedy film written and directed by Guy Ritchie, and starring Gerard Butler, Tom Wilkinson, Thandie Newton, Mark Strong, Idris Elba, Tom Hardy, Jimi Mistry and Toby Kebbell.	RocknRolla	Guy Ritchie
screenwriter	Sono stato io (internationally released as It Was I) is a 1973 Italian comedy-drama film directed by Alberto Lattuada.	Sono stato io	Alberto Lattuada
screenwriter	Çanakkale 1915 (English: Gallipoli 1915) is a 2012 Turkish historical drama film directed by Yesim Sezgin as screen-written by Turgut Özakman based upon his own 2008 novel Diriliş:	Çanakkale 1915	Turgut Özakman
screenwriter	House of Tolerance (French: L'Apollonide: Souvenirs de la maison close, also known as House of Pleasures), is 2011 French drama film directed by Bertrand Bonello, starring Céline Sallette, Hafsia Herzi, Jasmine Trinca, Adèle Haenel, Alice Barnole, Iliana Zabeth and Noémie Lvovsky.	House of Tolerance	Bertrand Bonello
screenwriter	Our Short Life (German: Unser kurzes Leben) is a 1981 East German drama film directed by Lothar Warneke.	Our Short Life	Lothar Warneke
screenwriter	Zavallılar is a film directed by Yılmaz Güney and written by Yılmaz Güney and Atıf Yılmaz.	Zavallılar	Yılmaz Güney	Atıf Yılmaz
screenwriter	Where the Truth Lies is a 2005 British-Canadian erotic thriller film written and directed by Atom Egoyan.	Where the Truth Lies	Atom Egoyan
screenwriter	Strictly Ballroom is a 1992 Australian romantic comedy film directed and co-written by Baz Luhrmann.	Strictly Ballroom	Baz Luhrmann
screenwriter	Pourquoi viens-tu si tard? (also known as Why Do You Come So Late? or US title: Too Late to Love) is a 1959 French drama film directed by Henri Decoin who co-wrote screenplay with Pierre Roustang, Albert Valentin and Michel Audiard (dialogue).	Pourquoi viens-tu si tard?	Henri Decoin
screenwriter	At Five in the Afternoon (Persian: پنج عصر, Panj é asr‎) is a 2003 film by Iranian writer-director Samira Makhmalbaf.	At Five in the Afternoon	Samira Makhmalbaf
screenwriter	Villadhi Villain is a 1995 Tamil Action film directed by Sathyaraj starring himself in three distinct roles.	Villadhi Villain	Sathyaraj
screenwriter	Finding Forrester is a 2000 American drama film written by Mike Rich and directed by Gus Van Sant.	Finding Forrester	Mike Rich
screenwriter	Visions of Light is a 1992 documentary film directed by Arnold Glassman, Todd McCarthy and Stuart Samuels.	Visions of Light	Todd McCarthy
screenwriter	The first outline for Ohm Krüger was begun in September 1940 by Hans Steinhoff and Harald Bratt.	Ohm Krüger	Harald Bratt
screenwriter	Le glaive et la balance (AKA Two are Guilty) is a 1963 French-Italian drama film directed by André Cayatte.	Le glaive et la balance	André Cayatte
screenwriter	The Nutty Professor is a 1963 American comic science fiction feature film produced, directed, co-written (with Bill Richmond) and starring Jerry Lewis.	The Nutty Professor	Bill Richmond	Jerry Lewis
screenwriter	In Time with You (Chinese: 我可能不會愛你; literally: ``I might not love you'') is a 2011 Taiwanese drama written by Mag Hsu (徐譽庭) and directed by Winnie Chu (瞿友寧).	In Time with You	Mag Hsu
screenwriter	Le braghe del padrone is a 1978 Italian comedy film directed by Flavio Mogherini and starring Enrico Montesano.	Le braghe del padrone	Flavio Mogherini
screenwriter	A Nightmare (French: Le cauchemar) is a short silent trick film created and released in 1896 and directed by Georges Méliès.	A Nightmare	Georges Méliès
screenwriter	Mohabbatein (Hindi: मोहब्बतें, English: Love Stories) is a 2000 Indian musical romantic drama film directed by Aditya Chopra.	Mohabbatein	Aditya Chopra
screenwriter	L'istruttoria è chiusa: dimentichi (internationally released as The Case Is Closed, Forget It) is a 1971 Italian crime drama film directed by Damiano Damiani.	The Case Is Closed, Forget It	Damiano Damiani
screenwriter	Triumph of the Will (German: Triumph des Willens) is a 1935 German propaganda film directed, produced, edited, and co-written by Leni Riefenstahl.	Triumph of the Will	Leni Riefenstahl
screenwriter	Lesa Lesa (Tamil: லேசா லேசா) is a 2003 Tamil film directed by Priyadarshan and produced by Vikram Singh.	Lesa Lesa	Priyadarshan
screenwriter	Ombyte av tåg (English: Change of Train) is a 1943 Swedish drama film directed by Hasse Ekman.	Ombyte av tåg	Hasse Ekman
screenwriter	The Black Viper (aka La vipère noire in France) is a 1908 film directed by D. W. Griffith.	The Black Viper	D. W. Griffith
screenwriter	The story was adapted for the screen by Max Marcin, with a screenplay by Louise Long and Ethel Doherty and titles by George Marion, Jr. Rough House Rosie is now presumed lost but a 54-second trailer survives	Rough House Rosie	Max Marcin	George Marion, Jr.
screenwriter	The Taking of Tiger Mountain (Chinese: 智取威虎山) is a 2014 Chinese-Hong Kong 3D epic action film directed by Tsui Hark, produced by Huang Jianxin and Yu Dong, and based on the novel Tracks in the Snowy Forest by Qu Bo.	The Taking of Tiger Mountain	Qu Bo
screenwriter	Miracle of Flight is a 1974 short animated comedy film written and directed by Terry Gilliam.	Miracle of Flight	Terry Gilliam
screenwriter	A Glimpse Inside the Mind of Charles Swan III is a 2013 American comedy film directed, written and produced by Roman Coppola.	A Glimpse Inside the Mind of Charles Swan III	Roman Coppola
screenwriter	Father's Dilemma (Italian: Prima comunione) is a 1950 Italian comedy film directed by Alessandro Blasetti.	Father's Dilemma	Alessandro Blasetti
screenwriter	Our Relations is a 1936 feature film starring Laurel and Hardy, produced by Stan Laurel for Hal Roach Studios.	Our Relations	Stan Laurel
screenwriter	Next Stop, Greenwich Village is a 1976 drama film, set in the early 1950s, written and directed by Paul Mazursky, featuring, amongst others, Lenny Baker, Shelley Winters, Ellen Greene, Lois Smith, and Christopher Walken.	Next Stop, Greenwich Village	Paul Mazursky
screenwriter	A Self Made Hero (French: Un héros très discret) is a 1996 French film directed by Jacques Audiard.	A Self Made Hero	Jacques Audiard
screenwriter	The Olsen Gang in Jutland (Danish: Olsen-banden i Jylland) is a 1971 Danish comedy film directed by Erik Balling and starring Ove Sprogøe.	The Olsen Gang in Jutland	Erik Balling
screenwriter	She's Been Away is a 1989 British television play by Stephen Poliakoff and directed by Sir Peter Hall.	She's Been Away	Stephen Poliakoff
screenwriter	Un Kannil Neer Vazhindal (English: (lit.) If tears well up in your eyes) is a 1985 Tamil film written and directed by Balu Mahendra.	Un Kannil Neer Vazhindal	Balu Mahendra
screenwriter	Jadup and Boel (German: Jadup und Boel) is a 1980 East German drama film directed by Rainer Simon.	Jadup and Boel	Rainer Simon
screenwriter	Without Leaving an Address (French: ...Sans laisser d'adresse) is a 1951 French comedy film directed by Jean-Paul Le Chanois.	Without Leaving an Address	Jean-Paul Le Chanois
screenwriter	Don't Come Knocking is a 2005 film, a comedy-drama road movie directed by German director Wim Wenders and written by Wenders and actor/playwright Sam Shepard.	Don't Come Knocking	Wim Wenders	Sam Shepard
screenwriter	Taxi Driver is a 1976 American vigilante film with neo-noir and psychological thriller elements, directed by Martin Scorsese and written by Paul Schrader.	Taxi Driver	Paul Schrader
screenwriter	The Red Girl is a 1908 American silent short Western film directed by D. W. Griffith.	The Red Girl	D. W. Griffith
screenwriter	According to the DVD commentary, ``Free Willzyx'' was a ``very last minute'' episode because the season was nearing its end and Trey Parker and Matt Stone had ``no ideas''.	Free Willzyx	Trey Parker
screenwriter	Holy Water Joe (Italian: Acquasanta Joe) is a 1971 Italian Spaghetti Western film directed by Mario Gariazzo.	Holy Water Joe	Mario Gariazzo
screenwriter	Troppo forte (also known as Great, He's Too Much and Too Much) is a 1986 Italian comedy film directed by Carlo Verdone.	Troppo forte	Carlo Verdone
screenwriter	Oru Vadakkan Veeragatha (Malayalam: ഒരു വടക്കന്‍ വീരഗാഥ, English: A Northern Story Of Valor) is a 1989 epic Malayalam film directed by Hariharan, written by M. T. Vasudevan Nair, and starring Mammootty, Balan K. Nair, Suresh Gopi, Madhavi, Geetha and Captain Raju.	Oru Vadakkan Veeragatha	M. T. Vasudevan Nair
screenwriter	Slacker Uprising is a movie of Michael Moore's tour of colleges in swing states during the 2004 election, with a goal to encourage 18- to 29-year-olds to vote, and the response it received.	Slacker Uprising	Michael Moore
screenwriter	Sólo Con Tu Pareja (literally ``Only with your partner'', released in English-speaking markets as Love in the Time of Hysteria) is a 1991 Mexican film by Alfonso Cuarón.	Sólo Con Tu Pareja	Alfonso Cuarón
screenwriter	They All Laughed is a 1981 film directed by Peter Bogdanovich and starring Audrey Hepburn, Ben Gazzara, John Ritter, Colleen Camp, Patti Hansen, and Dorothy Stratten.	They All Laughed	Peter Bogdanovich
screenwriter	The Big Family (Italian: L'onorata famiglia - Uccidere è cosa nostra) is a 1973 Italian mafia film written and directed by Tonino Ricci and starring Raymond Pellegrin, Simonetta Stefanelli and Richard Conte.	The Big Family	Tonino Ricci
screenwriter	Little Nicky is a 2000 American comedy film directed by Steven Brill.	Little Nicky	Steven Brill
screenwriter	A Good Man in Africa is a 1994 film, based on William Boyd's 1981 novel A Good Man in Africa and directed by Bruce Beresford.	A Good Man in Africa	William Boyd
screenwriter	Café Flesh is a 1982 post-apocalyptic cult pornographic science fiction film designed and directed by Stephen Sayadian (under the pseudonym ``Rinse Dream'') and co-written by Sayadian and Jerry Stahl (credited as ``Herbert W. Day'').	Café Flesh	Jerry Stahl
screenwriter	The Family Man is a 2000 American romantic comedy-drama film directed by Brett Ratner, written by David Diamond and David Weissman, and starring Nicolas Cage and Téa Leoni.	The Family Man	David Diamond
screenwriter	Confessions of a Frustrated Housewife (Italian: La moglie di mio padre) is a 1976 Italian drama film directed by Andrea Bianchi and starring Carroll Baker.	Confessions of a Frustrated Housewife	Andrea Bianchi
screenwriter	The Amusements of Private Life (Italian: I divertimenti della vita privata, French: Les amusements de la vie privée)) is a 1990 Italian-French comedy film directed by Cristina Comencini.	The Amusements of Private Life	Cristina Comencini
series	``Day of the Dumpster'' is the first episode of the American television program Mighty Morphin Power Rangers and the Power Rangers franchise.	Day of the Dumpster	Mighty Morphin Power Rangers
series	``Leslie's House'' is the 14th episode of the second season of the American comedy television series Parks and Recreation, and the twentieth overall episode of the series.	Leslie's House	Parks and Recreation
series	Southbound Duckling is the 90th one reel animated Tom and Jerry short.	Southbound Duckling	Tom and Jerry
series	``Branch Closing'' is the seventh episode of the third season of the American comedy television series The Office and the show's 35th overall.	Branch Closing	The Office
series	``There's Something About Harry'' is the tenth episode of the second season and twenty-second overall episode of the American television drama series Dexter, which first aired on 2 December 2007 on Showtime in the United States.	There's Something About Harry	Dexter
sex or gender	Thurston Harris (July 11, 1931 -- April 14, 1990) was a male American singer, popular in the early to mid-1950s.	Thurston Harris	male
sex or gender	Milan Orlowski (born 7 September 1952 in Prague) is a male former table tennis player from Czechoslovakia.	Milan Orlowski	male
sex or gender	Nikoleta Stefanova (born 22 April 1984) is a Bulgarian-born female table tennis player competing for Italy.	Nikoleta Stefanova	female
sex or gender	Li Xiaoping (Chinese: 李小平; pinyin: Lǐ Xiǎopíng) is a male Chinese gymnast.	Li Xiaoping	male
sex or gender	Maria Catalano (born 27 February 1982) is a female English snooker player.	Maria Catalano	female
sport	Randy Bolden (born c. 1976) is an American former professional basketball player who is better known for his collegiate career at Texas Southern University between 1994--95 and 1997--98.	Randy Bolden	basketball
sport	MHK Kežmarok is a professional Slovak ice hockey team, currently for the first time playing in the Slovak Extraliga.	MHK Kežmarok	ice hockey
sport	Legion Field is a stadium in Birmingham, Alabama, United States, primarily designed to be used as a venue for American football, but is occasionally used for other large outdoor events.	Legion Field	American football
sport	Calisia Kalisz is a Polish multi-sports club based in Kalisz, most notable for its women's volleyball team, SSK Calisia Kalisz (formerly Winiary Kalisz), playing in the Liga Siatkówki Kobiet (Polish Women's Volleyball League), which folded in 2010.	Calisia Kalisz	volleyball
sport	Vicki Cardwell BEM (née Hoffmann) (born 21 April 1955, in Adelaide, South Australia) is a former World No. 1 squash player from Australia.	Vicki Cardwell	squash
spouse	Jake Kasdan is married to singer/songwriter Inara George of The Bird and the Bee.	Jake Kasdan	Inara George
spouse	Marshall Neilan had married actress Gertrude Bambrick in 1913 with whom he would have a son, Marshall Neilan, Jr..	Marshall Neilan	Gertrude Bambrick
spouse	Monia Mazigh (Arabic: منية مازيغ‎) (born 1970) is a Canadian academic best known for her efforts to free her husband Maher Arar from a Syrian prison.	Monia Mazigh	Maher Arar
spouse	Lady Catherine Killigrew (c. 1530 -- 27 December 1583) was an English gentlewoman and scholar, the wife of Sir Henry Killigrew.	Lady Catherine Killigrew	Henry Killigrew
spouse	Mary Horner Lyell (1808--1873) was a conchologist and geologist, and the wife of eminent geologist Charles Lyell, whom she assisted in his scientific work.	Mary Horner Lyell	Charles Lyell
spouse	Jenny O'Hara has been married since 1986 to British-born American actor Nick Ullett.	Jenny O'Hara	Nick Ullett
spouse	Shiranthi Rajapaksa (born Wickramasinghe) is the wife of the sixth President of Sri Lanka, Mahinda Rajapaksa and the former First Lady of Sri Lanka.	Shiranthi Rajapaksa	Mahinda Rajapaksa
spouse	Bernard Wolfe married the actress Dolores Michaels in Los Angeles on June 1, 1964.	Bernard Wolfe	Dolores Michaels
spouse	Mildred Horn was a film critic and screenwriter, best known for her work on the Kroger Babb exploitation film Mom and Dad.	Mildred Horn	Kroger Babb
spouse	Alec Mazo is married to his long-time dancing partner dancer Edyta Śliwińska, a native of Poland.	Alec Mazo	Edyta Śliwińska
spouse	Jane Weinberger (March 29, 1918 -- July 12, 2009) was an American author, publisher and wife of Caspar Weinberger, the 15th United States Secretary of Defense.	Jane Weinberger	Caspar Weinberger
spouse	Uta Hagen was married to José Ferrer from 1938 until 1948.	Uta Hagen	José Ferrer
spouse	Irina Aleksandrovna Ovtchinnikova (Russian: Ирина Александровна Овчинникова; 4 October 1904 -- 13 March 1990) was a white émigré who married the anthropologist Prince Peter of Greece and Denmark and assisted him in his research.	Irina Aleksandrovna Ovtchinnikova	Prince Peter of Greece and Denmark
spouse	At the age of 30, Laya Raki married the Australian actor Ron Randell in London.	Laya Raki	Ron Randell
spouse	Lugalanda was married to Baranamtarra, the daughter of a great landowner who had commercial connections with the queen of Adab.	Lugalanda	Baranamtarra
spouse	Juriaen Pool (1665, Amsterdam -- 1745, Amsterdam), was an 18th-century painter from the Northern Netherlands best known as the husband of Rachel Ruysch.	Juriaen Pool	Rachel Ruysch
spouse	Rúnar Freyr Gíslason (born April 29, 1973 in Iceland) is an Icelandic actor and voice actor, who he was married to Icelandic singer and actress Selma Björnsdóttir.	Rúnar Freyr Gíslason	Selma Björnsdóttir
spouse	Cecilia Caballero Blanco is the widow of the 24th President of Colombia, Alfonso López Michelsen, and served as First Lady of Colombia from 1974 to 1978.	Cecilia Caballero Blanco	Alfonso López Michelsen
spouse	Sarah Lyttelton, Baroness Lyttelton (née Spencer) (29 July 1787 -- 13 April 1870) was a British courtier, governess to Edward VII of the United Kingdom, and wife of William Lyttelton, 3rd Baron Lyttelton.	Sarah Lyttelton, Baroness Lyttelton	William Lyttelton, 3rd Baron Lyttelton
spouse	Josephine Louis (born 1930) is an American billionaire heiress, the widow of John J. Louis, Jr., who served as the United States Ambassador to the United Kingdom.	Josephine Louis	John J. Louis, Jr.
spouse	Her birth and death certificates both put the date at exactly one year later, on 3 July 1924, as does a plaque unveiled in honour of Sue Ryder and Leonard Cheshire in Cavendish Church in Suffolk.	Sue Ryder	Leonard Cheshire
spouse	The 15 year old Maïwenn met director and producer Luc Besson in 1991.	Maïwenn	Luc Besson
spouse	Princess Marie of Denmark, Countess of Monpezat, RE (née Marie Agathe Odile Cavallier, born 6 February 1976) is the second wife of Prince Joachim of Denmark.	Princess Marie of Denmark	Prince Joachim of Denmark
spouse	Lady Huang (birth and death dates unknown), also known in fiction as Huang Yueying, was the wife of Zhuge Liang, chancellor and regent of the state of Shu Han in the Three Kingdoms period.	Huang Yueying	Zhuge Liang
spouse	She legally changed her name to Sheri Moon and later Sheri Moon Zombie after she married her longtime boyfriend Rob Zombie.	Sheri Moon Zombie	Rob Zombie
spouse	In the meantime, Cleopatra III established an alliance with one of the warring Syrian kings, Antiochus VIII Grypus, giving him Cleopatra Selene I as his wife.	Cleopatra Selene I	Antiochus VIII Grypus
spouse	Cheng Hong (born 1957) is an English professor at the Capital University of Economics and Business and the wife of Li Keqiang, current Premier of the People's Republic of China.	Cheng Hong	Li Keqiang
spouse	Ulrika Eleonora of Denmark (11 September 1656 -- 26 July 1693) was the Queen consort of Sweden as the spouse of King Charles XI of Sweden.	Ulrika Eleonora of Denmark	Charles XI of Sweden
spouse	Irving Rosenthal was married to Gladys Shelley, a lyricist and composer of more than 300 songs, whose How Did He Look? remained a favorite of New York night-club singers for more than 60 years.	Irving Rosenthal	Gladys Shelley
spouse	Kunigunde of Sternberg (Czech: Kunhuta ze Šternberka; 18 November 1425, Konopiště -- 19 November 1449, Poděbrady) was the first wife of George of Poděbrady, who later became King of Bohemia.	Kunigunde of Sternberg	George of Poděbrady
spouse	Kingman Douglass married Adele Astaire, daughter of Frederick E. Astaire, and sister of the celebrated Broadway and Hollywood actor and dancer Fred Astaire, on April 29, 1947.	Kingman Douglass	Adele Astaire
spouse	Maryam Abacha (born 4 March 1947, Kaduna) is the widow of Sani Abacha, de facto President of Nigeria from 1993 to 1998.	Maryam Abacha	Sani Abacha
spouse	This ``Bley-Peacock Synthesizer Show'' performance, a group with his second wife Annette Peacock, who had written much of his personal repertoire since 1964, was followed by her playing on the recordings Dual Unity (credited to ``Annette & Paul Bley'') and Improvisie.	Paul Bley	Annette Peacock
spouse	Barbara of Hesse, Duchess of Württemberg-Mömpelgard (8 April 1536 -- 8 June 1597) was a German noblewoman, and the wife of Count George I of Württemberg-Mömpelgard.	Barbara of Hesse	George I of Württemberg-Mömpelgard
spouse	Manolita Piña Torres-Garcia (née Rubies 24 February 1883 -- 11 June 1994) was the Catalan wife of Joaquín Torres García.	Manolita Piña	Joaquín Torres García
spouse	Hekenuhedjet was an ancient Egyptian queen consort of the 4th dynasty, a wife of pharaoh Khafra.	Hekenuhedjet	Khafra
spouse	The position of Prime Minister was then filled by his younger brother Rainilaiarivony, who married Queen Rasoherina and then, upon her death, helped to designate Ranavalona II the next monarch of Madagascar and consequently married her to retain his position.	Ranavalona II	Rainilaiarivony
spouse	Marie Louise d'Aspremont (1651 or 1652 -- 23 October 1692), was a duchess consort of Lorraine; married in 1665 to Charles IV, Duke of Lorraine.	Marie Louise d'Aspremont	Charles IV, Duke of Lorraine
spouse	Louka Katseli is married to Gerasimos Arsenis and mother of two children, Dimitris and Amalia.	Louka Katseli	Gerasimos Arsenis
spouse	Louis Jacques Balsan (September 16, 1868 - November 4, 1956) was a French aviator and industrialist, born at Châteauroux (Indre) in 1868, who was the second husband of society beauty Consuelo Vanderbilt, Duchess of Marlborough.	Jacques Balsan	Consuelo Vanderbilt
spouse	Jutta of Saxony (c. 1223 -- before 2 February 1267) was a Danish Queen consort, spouse of King Eric IV of Denmark.	Jutta of Saxony	Eric IV of Denmark
spouse	Dewi Rezer's married with actor Marcellino Lefrandt in Bali on 18 July 2007.	Dewi Rezer	Marcellino Lefrandt
spouse	Hans Werner Meyer is married to the British actress Jacqueline Macaulay.	Hans Werner Meyer	Jacqueline Macaulay
spouse	Maria Amalia of Austria (Maria Amalie Josefa Anna; 22 October 1701 -- 11 December 1756) was Holy Roman Empress, Queen of the Germans, Queen of Bohemia, Electress and Duchess of Bavaria etc. as the spouse of Charles VII, Holy Roman Emperor.	Maria Amalia of Austria	Charles VII, Holy Roman Emperor
spouse	On June 30, 1975, four days after finalizing her divorce from Sonny, Cher married rock musician Gregg Allman, co-founder of The Allman Brothers Band.	Cher	Gregg Allman
spouse	Sarah Kyolaba, also known by her stage name ``Suicide Sarah'' (1955 -- 11 June 2015), was Ugandan dictator Idi Amin's fifth and last-surviving wife.	Sarah Kyolaba	Idi Amin
spouse	Horst Köhler is married to Eva Köhler, a teacher.	Horst Köhler	Eva Köhler
spouse	Infanta Isabella of Coimbra (Isabella of Portugal) (1 March 1432 -- 2 December 1455) was a Portuguese infanta and a queen consort of Portugal as the first spouse of King Afonso V of Portugal.	Isabella of Coimbra	Afonso V of Portugal
spouse	Tashlultum (fl. ca. late 24th-early 23rd centuries BCE) was a wife of King Sargon of Akkad.	Tashlultum	Sargon of Akkad
spouse	In August 2005 Renaud married Romane Serda, the mother of his son Malone.	Renaud	Romane Serda
spouse	Sthefany Brito married her fiance, footballer Alexandre Pato, on 7 July 2009 and announced their separation on April 21, 2010 after 9 months and 13 days together because of the marital problems they were experiencing.	Sthefany Brito	Alexandre Pato
spouse	Gabriel Porras secretly married American-born actress Sonya Smith (his co-star in the telenovela Olvidarte Jamas) popular in Venezuelan television drama, on February 29, 2008.	Gabriel Porras	Sonya Smith
spouse	Frieda A. Murray is a fantasy writer whose works are generally written in collaboration with Roland J. Green, whom she married in 1975 (they have one daughter, Violette Y. Green, born 1984).	Frieda A. Murray	Roland J. Green
spouse	Louisa Middleton became Louisa Till upon her marriage to John Coates Till, an English American marionettist and performer who had worked with her family.	Louisa Till	John Coates Till
spouse	In 1839, Pauline de Talleyrand-Périgord married Henri de Castellane, eldest son of the marshal de Castellane.	Pauline de Talleyrand-Périgord	Henri de Castellane
spouse	Now Teuku Wisnu establish love with Shireen Sungkar.	Teuku Wisnu	Shireen Sungkar
spouse	Aurangabadi Mahal Sahiba (Persian: اورنگ آبادی محل‎‎) (died. November 1688) was the third and last wife of the Mughal emperor Aurangzeb.	Aurangabadi Mahal	Aurangzeb
spouse	Shirley Ann Russell (11 March 1935 -- 4 March 2002) was a British costume designer and first wife of film director Ken Russell, to whom she was married from 1956 to 1978, and with whom she had five children, Xavier, James, Alexander, Victoria and Toby.	Shirley Ann Russell	Ken Russell
spouse	Anne Malherbe Gosselin (born Anne Malherbe on December 16, 1968) is the wife of President Rafael Correa, President of Ecuador since January 2007.	Anne Malherbe Gosselin	Rafael Correa
spouse	On April 6, 2010, Lisa S. wed Daniel Wu in South Africa.	Lisa S.	Daniel Wu
spouse	Daniela Schadt (born 3 January 1960 in Hanau, West Germany) is a German journalist, and, since 2000, the domestic partner of Joachim Gauck, the President of Germany, who has been legally married since 1959 to Gerhild Radtke.	Daniela Schadt	Joachim Gauck
spouse	Cyndy Garvey (née Truhan) (born July 16, 1949, Detroit, Michigan) is an American television personality and former wife of baseball player Steve Garvey.	Cyndy Garvey	Steve Garvey
spouse	Mahaut of Albon (1112--1148), was a Countess Consort of Savoy; married in 1134 to Amadeus III, Count of Savoy.	Mahaut of Albon	Amadeus III, Count of Savoy
taxon rank	Gerp's mouse lemur (Microcebus gerpi) is a species of mouse lemur known only from the Sahafina Forest in eastern Madagascar, near Mantadia National Park.	Gerp's mouse lemur	species
taxon rank	The Malvaceae, or the mallows, are a family of flowering plants estimated to contain 243 genera with 4225+ species.	Malvaceae	family
taxon rank	Saccostrea cucullata, the hooded oyster or Natal rock oyster, is a species of rock oyster found mainly in the Indo-Pacific Ocean.	Saccostrea cucullata	species
taxon rank	Nemacaulis is a monotypic plant genus in the buckwheat family containing the single species Nemacaulis denudata, which is known by the common names woollyheads and cottonheads.	Nemacaulis	species
taxon rank	Stapelianthus is a genus of flowering plants in the family Asclepiadaceae, first described as a genus in 1933.	Stapelianthus	genus
voice type	Angiolina Ortolani-Tiberini (10 May 1834 -- 31 December 1913) was an Italian soprano who sang many leading roles in European opera houses during a career spanning over twenty years.	Angiolina Ortolani-Tiberini	soprano
voice type	Elizabeth Sandra Holton (30 January 1926 -- 17 January 2013), better known by her stage name, Lizbeth Webb, was an English soprano and stage actress.	Lizbeth Webb	soprano
voice type	Jacques Urlus (January 6, 1867 in Hergenrath, Rhine Province - June 6, 1935 in Noordwijk, Netherlands), was a Dutch dramatic tenor.	Jacques Urlus	tenor
voice type	Sigrid Onégin (June 1, 1889 -- June 16, 1943) was a Franco-German operatic contralto who enjoyed a major international career prior to World War II. She was born in Stockholm, Sweden to a German father and a French mother.	Sigrid Onégin	contralto
voice type	Emma Carelli (12 May 1877 in Naples -- 17 August 1928 near Rome) was an Italian operatic soprano who was particularly associated with the dramatic soprano roles of the verisimo repertoire and the works of Richard Wagner.	Emma Carelli	soprano
voice type	Barbara Fris (born May 10, 1956) is a Canadian soprano and actress who performs as an opera singer, concert artist, and recitalist.	Barbara Fris	soprano
voice type	Renata Pokupić (born 1972) is a Croatian operatic mezzo-soprano.	Renata Pokupić	mezzo-soprano
voice type	Annemarie Kremer, Emmer Compascuum , June 2nd 1974, is a Dutch operatic soprano, known for her performances in the title roles of Norma, Tosca, and Salome and as Vitellia in La clemenza di Tito.	Annemarie Kremer	soprano
voice type	Maria Capuana (2 September 1891 -- 22 February 1955) was an Italian mezzo-soprano who had a major international opera career during the first half of the 20th century.	Maria Capuana	mezzo-soprano
voice type	Tibor Kelen (18 September 1937 - 2001) was a Hungarian opera singer and cantor, a tenor.	Tibor Kelen	tenor
voice type	Helga Dernesch (b. February 3, 1939 in Vienna) is an Austrian soprano and mezzo soprano.	Helga Dernesch	soprano	mezzo soprano
voice type	Maria Dorothea Wendling, née Spurni (21 March 1736 -- 20 August 1811) was a German soprano.	Dorothea Wendling	soprano
voice type	Denyce Graves (born March 7, 1964) is an American mezzo-soprano opera singer.	Denyce Graves	mezzo-soprano
voice type	Tatiana Borodina is a Russian opera soprano.	Tatiana Borodina	soprano
voice type	Paolo Montarsolo (16 March 1925 -- 31 August 2006) was an Italian operatic bass particularly associated with buffo roles.	Paolo Montarsolo	bass
voice type	Brigitte Fassbaender (German pronunciation: (bʁiˈɡɪtə ˈfasbɛndɐ); born Berlin, 3 July 1939), is a German mezzo-soprano opera singer, a stage director and from 1999 to 2012 Intendant of the Tiroler Landestheater in Innsbruck, Austria.	Brigitte Fassbaender	mezzo-soprano
voice type	Vivian Della Chiesa (October 9, 1915 -- January 6, 2009) was an American lyric soprano who achieved a high level of popularity in the United States singing on the radio during the 1940s and the early 1950s.	Vivian Della Chiesa	soprano
voice type	Darrell Babidge is an English operatic baritone and a professor at Brigham Young University (BYU) in the BYU College of Fine Arts and Communications.	Darrell Babidge	baritone
voice type	Helen Lemmens-Sherrington (4 October 1834 -- 9 May 1906) was an English concert and operatic soprano prominent from the 1850s to the 1880s.	Helen Lemmens-Sherrington	soprano
voice type	Faryl Smith (born 23 July 1995) is a British mezzo-soprano who rose to fame after appearing on the second series of the ITV television talent show Britain's Got Talent in 2008.	Faryl Smith	mezzo-soprano
voice type	Wladimiro Ganzarolli (January 9, 1932 -- January 13, 2010) was an Italian operatic bass-baritone, particularly associated with Mozart and Rossini roles.	Wladimiro Ganzarolli	bass
voice type	Amira Selim (born in Cairo, Egypt) is an Egyptian soprano and opera singer, based in France.	Amira Selim	soprano
voice type	Hilda Hölzl (2 January 1927 - 10 November 1992) was a Slovenian dramatic soprano.	Hilda Hölzl	soprano
voice type	Berta Foersterová (née Lautererová, sometimes styled Bertha Laurer or Berta Foersterová-Lautererová) (born Prague, January 11, 1869 - died there April 9, 1936) was a Czech operatic soprano active in Germany.	Berta Foersterová	soprano
voice type	Jess Thomas (August 4, 1927 -- October 11, 1993) was an American operatic tenor, best known for his Wagner singing.	Jess Thomas	tenor
voice type	Geraldine McMillian is an American soprano who has had an active career in concerts and operas since the mid-1980s.	Geraldine McMillian	soprano
voice type	Lisa Roma (1892--1965) was an American soprano who toured in the United States with composer Maurice Ravel in 1928.	Lisa Roma	soprano
voice type	Amel Brahim-Djelloul is a soprano opera singer and concert recitalist.	Amel Brahim-Djelloul	soprano
voice type	Oda Slobodskaya (28 November 1888 - 30 July 1970) was a Russian born soprano who became a British citizen.	Oda Slobodskaya	soprano
voice type	Barbara Schlick (b. 21 July 1943, Würzburg) is a German soprano who is particularly admired for interpretations of the concert literature of the baroque era.	Barbara Schlick	soprano
voice type	Kiril Manolov (Bulgarian: Кирил Манолов) (born 10 October 1976) is a Bulgarian operatic baritone with an international career performing leading roles in the opera houses of Hungary, Germany, Italy, Croatia, and his native Bulgaria.	Kiril Manolov	baritone
voice type	Vilém Heš (3 June 1860, Týnec nad Labem - 4 January 1908, Vienna) was a Czech operatic bass.	Vilém Heš	bass
voice type	Raúl Giménez (born September 14, 1950), is an Argentine operatic tenor, particularly associated with the Italian bel canto repertory, in which he is considered one of the best exponent in recent years.	Raúl Giménez	tenor
voice type	Sara Mingardo (born 2 March 1961) is an Italian classical contralto who has had an active international career in concerts and operas since the 1980s.	Sara Mingardo	contralto
voice type	Franco Calabrese (Palermo, 1923 -- Lucca, 1992) was an Italian bass singer.	Franco Calabrese	bass
voice type	Frederic King (1853 -- 20 May 1933) was a baritone best known for his performances in the works composed by Arthur Sullivan for the Leeds Festivals of 1880 and 1886.	Frederic King	baritone
voice type	Gilbert Price (September 10, 1942 -- January 2, 1991) was an American operatic baritone and actor.	Gilbert Price	baritone
voice type	Harry Danner is an American operatic tenor and actor of stage, screen, and film.	Harry Danner	tenor
voice type	Oliver Njego (Serbian Cyrillic: Оливер Њего, pronounced (ɔ̌liʋɛr ɲɛ̌ːɡɔ)) is a Serbian operatic baritone, who also crossed over into popular music, eventually becoming one of the most respected and most famous Serbian opera singers.	Oliver Njego	baritone
voice type	Freda Betti (26 February 1924 -- 13 November 1979), whose birth name was Frédérique Thérèse Augusta Betti, was a French mezzo-soprano singer whose career was mainly confined to France.	Freda Betti	mezzo-soprano
voice type	Alfredo Kraus Trujillo (Spanish pronunciation: (alˈfɾeðo kɾaus tɾuˈxiʎo); 24 November 1927 -- 10 September 1999) was a distinguished Spanish tenor from the Canary islands, particularly known for the artistry he brought to opera's bel canto roles.	Alfredo Kraus	tenor
voice type	Frank Lopardo (born December 23, 1957) is an American operatic tenor who was born in Brentwood, New York.	Frank Lopardo	tenor
voice type	Giacomo Prestia (born August 16, 1960, Florence) is an Italian operatic bass, A native of Florence (Italy), Giacomo Prestia studied vocal technique with Maestro Sergio Catoni.	Giacomo Prestia	bass
voice type	Marguerite Chapuy was a French operatic soprano, born 21 july 1852 in Bordeaux, the daughter of a former dancer at the Opéra, whose short professional career was concentrated on Paris but included appearances in London; she created several roles at the Opéra-Comique.	Marguerite Chapuy	soprano
voice type	Elena Souliotis (spelled Suliotis in the early part of her career; Greek: Έλενα Σουλιώτη; 28 May 1943 -- 4 December 2004) was an operatic soprano.	Elena Souliotis	soprano
voice type	Klesie Kelly, or Klesie Kelly-Moog, is an American soprano and voice teacher at the Musikhochschule Köln and for international master classes.	Klesie Kelly	soprano
voice type	Pietro Neri-Baraldi (1828 -- 29 June 1902) was an Italian opera singer who sang leading tenor roles throughout Europe.	Pietro Neri-Baraldi	tenor
voice type	Ingrid Vetlesen (born 22 September 1981 in Oslo, Norway) is a Norwegian soprano.	Ingrid Vetlesen	soprano
voice type	Frances Elizabeth Connell (22 October 1946 -- 18 February 2012) was a South African-born operatic mezzo-soprano, and later soprano, whose career took place mainly in the United Kingdom and Australia.	Elizabeth Connell	soprano
voice type	Marcella Pobbe (July 13, 1921 - June 17, 2003), was an Italian operatic soprano who sang a wide range of roles in both the lyric and spinto repertory.	Marcella Pobbe	soprano
voice type	Adolfo Bassi (Naples, 1775 -- Trieste, 1855) was an Italian composer and operatic tenor.	Adolfo Bassi	tenor
voice type	Kathryn Meisle (October 14, 1899--January 17, 1970) was an American operatic contralto.	Kathryn Meisle	contralto
voice type	Aleksander Myszuga (May 20, 1853 -- March 9, 1922) (sometimes spelled Ołeksandr Mishuga or Olexander Myshuga) was a Polish operatic tenor and voice teacher of Ukrainian descent.	Aleksander Myszuga	tenor
voice type	Tim Mead (born 1981 in Chelmsford) is an English countertenor.	Tim Mead	countertenor
voice type	Helena Iren Michaelsen (born 2 June 1977 in Evje) is a Norwegian dramatic soprano and is the singer of the Dutch band Imperia and the solo project Angel.	Helena Iren Michaelsen	soprano
voice type	Franz Kalchmair (December 22, 1939 in Thalheim bei Wels, Austria) is an operatic bass and interpreter of Bach cantatas along with other sacred or clerical music.	Franz Kalchmair	bass
voice type	John W. Myers (c.1864 -- c.1919?), who was usually credited as J. W. Myers, was a Welsh-born baritone singer, who recorded widely in the United States between the early 1890s and the early 1910s.	J. W. Myers	baritone
voice type	Henry Herford (born 24 February 1947, Edinburgh, Scotland) is a Scottish baritone singer.	Henry Herford	baritone
voice type	George Cehanovsky (14 April 1892 - 25 March 1986) was an American baritone and language coach of Russian birth who had a close association with the Metropolitan Opera in New York City for six decades.	George Cehanovsky	baritone
voice type	Maria Gay (13 June 1879 - 20 July 1943) was a Catalan opera singer, a mezzo-soprano born as Maria de Lourdes Lucia Antonia Pichot Gironés.	Maria Gay	mezzo-soprano
voice type	(Friedrich) Sebastian Mayer (actually Meier, 1773 -- 9 May 1835) was a bass singer and stage director of the Classical era.	Sebastian Mayer	bass
voice type	Giulio Fioravanti (October 17, 1923, Ascoli Piceno -- May 3, 1999, Milan) was an Italian operatic baritone, particularly associated with the Italian repertory.	Giulio Fioravanti	baritone
voice type	Mariano Eusebio González y García (13 August 1914 -- 14 July 1970), also known as Luis Mariano, was a popular tenor of Spanish Basque origin who achieved celebrity in 1946 with `` La belle de Cadix '' (`` The Beautiful Lady of Cadix '') an operetta by Francis Lopez.	Luis Mariano	tenor
voice type	Eugenio Fernandi (Pisa, 1922 -- 8 August 1991) was an Italian tenor, associated with both lyric and spinto roles.	Eugenio Fernandi	tenor
voice type	Josef Staudigl (the elder) (b. Wöllersdorf, 14 April 1807; d. Vienna, 28 March 1861) was an Austrian bass singer.	Josef Staudigl	bass
voice type	Étienne Lainez (or Lainé, Laînez) (23 May 1753 -- 15 September 1822) was a French operatic tenor, and leading figure at the Paris Opera for over thirty years.	Étienne Lainez	tenor
voice type	Stanford Olsen (born 1960) is an American tenor who has had an active international career in operas and concerts since 1983.	Stanford Olsen	tenor
voice type	Antonín Švorc (12 February 1934, Jaroměř -- 21 February 2011) was a Czech operatic bass-baritone.	Antonín Švorc	bass
voice type	Elisabeth Höngen (7 December 1906, Gevelsberg -- 7 August 1997, Vienna) was a German operatic mezzo-soprano, particularly associated with Richard Wagner and Richard Strauss roles, and with Verdi's Lady Macbeth.	Elisabeth Höngen	mezzo-soprano
voice type	Belle Cole (1853--1905) was a well-known American contralto.	Belle Cole	contralto
voice type	Carmen Reppel is a German soprano active in both opera and concert.	Carmen Reppel	soprano
voice type	William Zakariasen (August 19, 1930 -- September 4, 2004) was an American operatic tenor and music critic.	William Zakariasen	tenor
voice type	Paolo Silveri (b. Ofena, 28 December 1913 - d. Rome, 3 July 2001) was an Italian baritone, particularly associated with the Italian repertory, one of the finest Verdi baritones of his time.	Paolo Silveri	baritone
voice type	Vincenzo La Scola (25 January 1958 -- 15 April 2011) was an Italian tenor who had a successful international opera career for more than 25 years.	Vincenzo La Scola	tenor
voice type	Edith Kertész-Gabry (18 July 1927 -- 10 February 2012) was a Hungarian soprano and professor of opera at the Cologne University of Music.	Edith Kertész-Gabry	soprano
voice type	Kirk Redmann (born December 27, 1961) is an American operatic tenor, and the son of Audrey Schuh and Kerry P. Redmann.	Kirk Redmann	tenor
voice type	Valentina Naforniță (born 1987) is a Moldovian soprano opera singer, born in Moldova.	Valentina Naforniță	soprano
voice type	Fernand Ansseau (March 6, 1890 in Boussu-Bois - May 1, 1972 in Brussels) was a Belgian tenor.	Fernand Ansseau	tenor
voice type	Cheryl Studer (born October 24, 1955) is a Grammy Award winning American dramatic soprano who has sung at many of the world's major opera houses.	Cheryl Studer	soprano
voice type	Jean-Blaise Martin, full name Nicolas Jean-Blaise Martin (February 24, 1768 in Paris -- October 28, 1837 in Tourzel-Ronzières) was a French opera singer whose tessitura lay between tenor and baritone, which became later known as ``baryton-martin''.	Jean-Blaise Martin	baritone
voice type	Hermine von Siegstädt (also Hermine Procháska) (1844--?) was a Bohemian operatic soprano.	Hermine von Siegstädt	soprano
voice type	Christiane Eda-Pierre (born March 24, 1932) is a French lyric coloratura soprano of Martiniquan origin, who sang in a wide variety of roles, from baroque to contemporary works.	Christiane Eda-Pierre	soprano
voice type	Ruža Pospiš-Baldani (Croatian pronunciation: (rǔːʒa pɔ̂spiːʃ baldǎni); born 25 July 1942) is a Croatian operatic mezzo-soprano.	Ruža Pospiš-Baldani	mezzo-soprano
voice type	Christine Weidinger (born March 31, 1946) is an American operatic soprano who has had an active international career in operas and concerts since the early 1970s.	Christine Weidinger	soprano
voice type	Alexey Kudrya (born 1982) is a rising operatic lyric tenor star from Russia.	Alexey Kudrya	tenor
voice type	Jianyi Zhang is an American operatic tenor of Chinese birth.	Jianyi Zhang	tenor
voice type	Jan Simons (11 November 1925 -- 7 May 2006) was a Canadian baritone, and music teacher and administrator.	Jan Simons	baritone
voice type	Sona Ghazarian (born September 2, 1945) is an Armenian-Austrian operatic soprano.	Sona Ghazarian	soprano
voice type	Nicolas Levasseur (9 March 1791 - 7 December 1871) was a French bass, particularly associated with Rossini roles.	Nicolas Levasseur	bass
voice type	Ola Isene (2 June 1898 -- 6 May 1973) was a Norwegian opera singer (baritone) and actor.	Ola Isene	baritone
voice type	Dennis Noble (25 September 1898 -- 14 March 1966) was a noted British baritone and teacher.	Dennis Noble	baritone
