author	PENG! is a one-shot 72 page sports action comic written and drawn by Corey Lewis, published in 2005 by Oni Press.	PENG	Corey Lewis
award received	Manfred Eigen (born May 9, 1927) is a German biophysical chemist who won the 1967 Nobel Prize in Chemistry for work on measuring fast chemical reactions.	Manfred Eigen	Nobel Prize in Chemistry
award received	Stephen Bonsal (March 29, 1865 -- June 8, 1951) was an American journalist, war correspondent, author, diplomat and translator, who won the 1945 Pulitzer Prize for History.	Stephen Bonsal	Pulitzer Prize for History
award received	Maurice André won the Geneva International Music Competition in 1955, together with Theo Mertens, and the ARD International Music Competition in Munich in 1963.	Maurice André	Geneva International Music Competition
award received	Seka is a member of the AVN Hall of Fame, and the X-Rated Critics Organization Hall of Fame.	Seka	AVN Hall of Fame
award received	Frédéric Passy (May 20, 1822 -- June 12, 1912) was a French economist and a joint winner (together with Henry Dunant) of the first Nobel Peace Prize awarded in 1901.	Frédéric Passy	Nobel Peace Prize
award received	Eduard Hans Martin Max-Eckart Wolff (19 December 1902 in Wernigerode -- 9 November 1988 in Bremen) was a Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross recipient during World War II. The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership.	Max-Eckart Wolff	Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross
award received	Ernst Ulrich Hans von Leyser (German pronunciation: (ˈeʁnst ˈuːlʁiːx ˈxans fon ˈlaɪsa)) (known as Ernst von Leyser) (18 November 1889 -- 23 September 1962) was a German General der Infanterie during World War II who commanded various Army Corps and recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross.	Ernst von Leyser	Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross
award received	Beastie Boys won two Grammy Awards in 1999, receiving the Grammy Award for Best Alternative Music Album for Hello Nasty as well as the Grammy Award for Best Rap Performance by a Duo or Group for ``Intergalactic''.	Beastie Boys	Grammy Award for Best Alternative Music Album
award received	On 11 March 2007, the Commission for the Designation of the Righteous Among the Nations at Yad Vashem reached the decision to award the title of Righteous Among the Nations to the late Per Faye-Hansen of Norway.	Per Faye-Hansen	Righteous Among the Nations
award received	Valeriy Aveskulov (Ukrainian: Валерій Дмитрович Авескулов; born January 31, 1986 in Antratsyt, Ukraine) is a chess Grandmaster (2006) and Ukrainian Champion in 2007.	Valeriy Aveskulov	Grandmaster
award received	Lipsett Diaries received the Genie Award for Best Animated Short at the 31st Genie Awards.	Lipsett Diaries	Genie Award for Best Animated Short
award received	In 2010, All My Children was nominated for a GLAAD Media Award for ``Outstanding Daily Drama'' during the 21st GLAAD Media Awards.	All My Children	GLAAD Media Award
award received	Rosalyn Sussman Yalow (July 19, 1921 -- May 30, 2011) was an American medical physicist, and a co-winner of the 1977 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine (together with Roger Guillemin and Andrew Schally) for development of the radioimmunoassay (RIA) technique.	Rosalyn Sussman Yalow	Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine
award received	Jakob Gansmeier (30 May 1900 -- 8 August 1944) was a highly decorated Oberstleutnant in the Wehrmacht during World War II. He was also a posthumous recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves.	Jakob Gansmeier	Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves
award received	Thomas Matulessy (8 June 1783 -- 16 December 1817), also known as Kapitan Pattimura or simply Pattimura, was an Ambonese soldier and National Hero of Indonesia.	Pattimura	National Hero of Indonesia
award received	Yep and Dragonwings won the Phoenix Award from the Children's Literature Association in 1995, recognizing the best children's book published twenty years earlier that did not win a major award.	Dragonwings	Phoenix Award
award received	Elena Quiroga de la Válgoma (1921--1995), was a Spanish writer and winner of the Premio Nadal.	Elena Quiroga	Premio Nadal
award received	Henri I de Montmorency (15 June 1534, Chantilly, Oise -- 2 April 1614), Marshal of France, and Constable of France, seigneur of Damville, served as governor of Languedoc from 1563 to 1614.	Henri I de Montmorency	Marshal of France
award received	In 1995 and 1997 Roland Gäbler was awarded the title German Sailor of the Year as well as two times the award Silbernes Lorbeerblatt.	Roland Gäbler	Silbernes Lorbeerblatt
award received	In 2013, Decasia was selected for preservation by the National Film Registry.	Decasia	National Film Registry
award received	Jim Fowler (born April 9, 1932; Albany, Georgia) is a professional zoologist and was host of the Emmy Award-winning television show Mutual of Omaha's Wild Kingdom.	Jim Fowler	Emmy Award
award received	Ben Finegold (born September 6, 1969 in Detroit, Michigan) is an American chess Grandmaster.	Ben Finegold	Grandmaster
award received	Ernesto Inarkiev (Russian: Эрнесто Инаркиев; born 9 December 1985 in Osh Region) is a Russian chess Grandmaster, the first ever from Kalmykia.	Ernesto Inarkiev	Grandmaster
award received	Fritz Henke (21 June 1921 -- 15 November 1999) was a Untersturmführer (Second Lieutenant) in the Waffen SS who was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross.	Fritz Henke	Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross
award received	Paul Motwani (born 13 June 1962) is of Scottish/Indian descent and was Scotland's first chess Grandmaster (1992).	Paul Motwani	Grandmaster
award received	In 1980, Amotz Zahavi, together with the Society for the Protection of Nature in Israel and two other colleagues, was awarded the Israel Prize for SPNI's special contribution to society and the State, for the environment.	Amotz Zahavi	Israel Prize
award received	In the January 2002 New Year Honours List Keith Dunstan was awarded a Medal of the Order of Australia (OAM) ``for service as a journalist and author, and to the community, particularly as a supporter of the Berry Street Babies Home''.	Keith Dunstan	Medal of the Order of Australia
award received	Throughout his life, Heydar Aliyev received numerous awards, including the Order of Lenin four times, the Order of the Red Star once and Hero of the Socialist Labor twice.	Heydar Aliyev	Order of Lenin	Order of the Red Star
award received	Walter Reder (4 February 1915 - 26 April 1991) was a German Waffen-SS officer who served with the 3.SS-Panzer-Division Totenkopf and the 16.SS-Panzergrenadier-Division Reichsführer-SS. He was a Knight's Cross and German Cross in Gold recipient.	Walter Reder	German Cross in Gold
award received	Earle McLaughlin was made an Officer of the Order of Canada in 1981.	Earle McLaughlin	Officer of the Order of Canada
award received	In 1992 The Big Parade was selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry by the Library of Congress as being ``culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant''.	The Big Parade	National Film Registry
award received	Georges Mouton, comte de Lobau (21 February 1770 -- 27 November 1838) was a French soldier and political figure who rose to the rank of Marshal of France.	Georges Mouton	Marshal of France
award received	Charles Juste de Beauvau, Prince of Craon (10 September 1720 -- 21 May 1793), 2nd Prince of Craon (1754), Marshal of France (1783) was a French scholar, nobleman and general.	Charles Juste de Beauvau, Prince of Craon	Marshal of France
award received	Elena Donaldson-Akhmilovskaya (born Elena Bronislavovna Akhmilovskaya, Russian: Елена Брониславовна Ахмыловская; 11 March 1957 -- 18 November 2012) was a Woman Grandmaster of chess.	Elena Donaldson-Akhmilovskaya	Woman Grandmaster
award received	Military Cross citation: (gazetted 2 December 1918) ''Lieutenant George Raymond Dallas Moor, V.C., Hampshire Regiment.	George Raymond Dallas Moor	Military Cross
award received	Bruno Albert Forsterer (July 14, 1869 -- June 13, 1957) was a U.S. Marine Sergeant who received the Medal of Honor for actions during the Philippine--	Bruno Albert Forsterer	Medal of Honor
award received	Vladimir Petlyakov received the State Award of the USSR (1941) and was awarded two Orders of Lenin and an Order of the Red Star.	Vladimir Petlyakov	Order of the Red Star
award received	William Dealtry (1775--1847) was an English clergyman of evangelical views, who became archdeacon of Surrey and a Fellow of the Royal Society.	William Dealtry	Fellow of the Royal Society
award received	Friedrich-Wilhelm Karl (15 September 1911 -- 21 August 1970) was a Standartenführer (Colonel) in the Waffen SS during World War II. He was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross, which was awarded to recognize extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership by Nazi Germany during World War II.	Friedrich-Wilhelm Karl	Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross
award received	Clive McLean (27 October 1944 -- 29 March 2005) was an English photographer and an AVN Hall of Fame member best known for his work at Hustler and Barely Legal.	Clive McLean	AVN Hall of Fame
award received	Orn-anong Panyawong (Thai: อรอนงค์ ปัญญาวงศ์), nicknamed Orn (Thai: อร) (born December 27, 1972 in Chiang Mai, Thailand) is Miss Thailand 1992.	Orn-anong Panyawong	Miss Thailand
award received	Vidmantas Bartulis (born 3 April 1954 in Kaunas, Lithuanian SSR) is a Lithuanian composer, Recipient of the Lithuanian National Prize (1998).	Vidmantas Bartulis	Lithuanian National Prize
award received	Alfonso García Robles (20 March 1911 -- 2 September 1991) was a Mexican diplomat and politician who, in conjunction with Sweden's Alva Myrdal, received the Nobel Peace Prize in 1982.	Alfonso García Robles	Nobel Peace Prize
award received	Ela Bhatt was also awarded the civilian honour of Padma Shri by the Government of India in 1985, and the Padma Bhushan in 1986.	Ela Bhatt	Padma Shri
award received	In 1992 the Efteling was awarded the IAAPA Applause Award for best theme park in the world.	Efteling	Applause Award
award received	Marie Galway was awarded the Belgian Médaille de la Reine Elisabeth and the Médaille de la Reconnaissance française, and was appointed Dame of Grace of the Order of St John and Commander of the Order of the British Empire (1926).	Marie Galway	Commander of the Order of the British Empire
award received	On November 16, 2009 Edgars Vinters in recognition of his lifetime achievement was awarded the Order of the Three Stars by President Valdis Zatlers.	Edgars Vinters	Order of the Three Stars
award received	Alexander Lastin (Russian: Александр Ластин; 30 November 1976 -- 23 January 2015) was a Russian chess Grandmaster.	Alexander Lastin	Grandmaster
award received	Rauf Mamedov (Azerbaijani: Rauf Məmmədov; born 26 April 1988) is an Azerbaijani chess Grandmaster.	Rauf Mamedov	Grandmaster
award received	Walter Seebach (5 November 1918 -- 4 July 2004) was a soldier, a Hauptsturmführer (Captain) in the Waffen SS during World War II. He was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross by Nazi Germany.	Walter Seebach	Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross
award received	Charles Howard McIlwain (March 15, 1871 -- June 1, 1968) was an American historian and political scientist who won the Pulitzer Prize for History in 1924.	Charles Howard McIlwain	Pulitzer Prize for History
award received	Thomas Gold (May 22, 1920 -- June 22, 2004) was an Austrian-born astrophysicist, a professor of astronomy at Cornell University, a member of the U.S. National Academy of Sciences, and a Fellow of the Royal Society (London).	Thomas Gold	Fellow of the Royal Society
award received	Ivanov was awarded the title Hero of the Soviet Union on April 13, 1979 Georgi Ivanov earned a Ph.D. in space engineering.	Georgi Ivanov	Hero of the Soviet Union
award received	James Hamilton Speirs (22 March 1886 -- 20 August 1917), commonly known as Jimmy Speirs, was a Scottish footballer who represented his country on one occasion, scored the winning goal in the 1911 FA Cup Final, and received the Military Medal during the First World War.	Jimmy Speirs	Military Medal
award received	Gordon Nornable MC (9 January 1915 -- 4 November 2002) won the Military Cross and Croix de Guerre in 1944 fighting with the French Maquis in eastern France.	Gordon Nornable	Military Cross
award received	Dinna Bjørn has received the Danish Order of the Dannebrog, the Finnish Order of The White Rose, and the Royal Norwegian Order of Merit.	Dinna Bjørn	Order of the Dannebrog	Royal Norwegian Order of Merit
award received	Arthur Kornberg (March 3, 1918 -- October 26, 2007) was an American biochemist who won the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine 1959 for his discovery of ``the mechanisms in the biological synthesis of deoxyribonucleic acid (DNA)'' together with Dr. Severo Ochoa of New York University.	Arthur Kornberg	Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine
award received	Lt. Col. John F. McNulty, Jr. (1917-2004), a recipient of the Bronze Star Medal, Combat Infantryman Badge and three U.S. Army Commendation Medals for meritorious service, was a Second World War combat veteran, who there during fought in France, Belgium and Germany.	John F. McNulty, Jr.	Bronze Star Medal
award received	François d'Aubusson de La Feuillade, Duc de Roannais (1625 or 1631 -- 1691) was a French officer and noble who eventually rose to become a Marshal of France.	François d'Aubusson de La Feuillade	Marshal of France
cast member	Aana Valarthiya Vanampadiyude Makan is a 1971 Indian Malayalam and Tamil film, directed and produced by P. SubramaniamThe film stars Gemini Ganesan, Rajasree, K. V. Shanthi and Vijayanirmala in lead roles.	Aana Valarthiya Vanampadiyude Makan	Gemini Ganesan
cast member	Waking Sleeping Beauty is a 2009 American documentary film directed by Disney film producer Don Hahn and produced by Hahn and former Disney executive Peter Schneider.	Waking Sleeping Beauty	Peter Schneider
cast member	Mr. Cinema also known as Call Me Left (老港正傳) is a 2007 Hong Kong film starring Anthony Wong, Teresa Mo, Ronald Cheng and Karen Mok.	Mr. Cinema	Anthony Wong	Teresa Mo	Ronald Cheng	Karen Mok
cast member	Where Is the Body, Moeller? (Danish: Hvor er liget Møller?) is a 1971 Danish comedy film directed by Preben Kaas and starring Dirch Passer.	Where Is the Body, Moeller?	Dirch Passer
cast member	Aanaval Mothiram (Malayalam: ആനവാല്‍ മോതിരം) is a 1991 Malayalam film directed by G. S. Vijayan, written by T. Damodaran, and starring Sreenivasan, Suresh Gopi, Saranya Ponvannan, and Jagathy Sreekumar.	Aanaval Mothiram	Sreenivasan	Suresh Gopi	Jagathy Sreekumar
cast member	Bridge of Dragons is a 1999 American romantic science fiction action film directed by Isaac Florentine, and starring Dolph Lundgren, Cary-Hiroyuki Tagawa, Valerie Chow, and Gary Hudson.	Bridge of Dragons	Dolph Lundgren	Cary-Hiroyuki Tagawa
cast member	Upstairs and Down is a 1919 American silent comedy film directed by Charles Giblyn, and starring Olive Thomas, Rosemary Theby, David Butler, and Robert Ellis.	Upstairs and Down	Olive Thomas
cast member	The Daredevil Men is a 1972 British short subject detailing the activities of stunt performers and stunt arrangers featuring Tom Adams.	The Daredevil Men	Tom Adams
cast member	A Certain Sacrifice is a 1985 American drama film co-written and directed by Stephen Jon Lewicki and starring Madonna, Jeremy Pattnosh and Charles Kurtz.	A Certain Sacrifice	Madonna
cast member	The Master Mind is a 1914 American silent crime/drama film directed by Oscar Apfel and Cecil B. DeMille and stars Edmund Breese.	The Master Mind	Edmund Breese
cast member	Sweet Nell of Old Drury (US: Nell Gwynne) is a 1911 Australian silent film directed by Raymond Longford starring Nellie Stewart about the relationship between Nell Gwynne and King Charles II. It is based on the 1900 play of the same name by Paul Kester.	Sweet Nell of Old Drury	Nellie Stewart
cast member	Shor in the City is a 2011 Indian Hindi film directed by Raj Nidimoru and Krishna D.K. starring Tusshar Kapoor, Sendhil Ramamurthy, Preeti Desai, Girija Oak, Radhika Apte, Nikhil Dwivedi, Pitobash Tripathy, Sundeep Kishan, and Amit Mistry.	Shor in the City	Tusshar Kapoor	Sendhil Ramamurthy	Preeti Desai	Girija Oak	Radhika Apte	Pitobash Tripathy	Sundeep Kishan
cast member	My Best Friend's Wedding is a 1997 American romantic comedy film directed by P.J. Hogan, starring Julia Roberts, Dermot Mulroney, Cameron Diaz, Rupert Everett and Philip Bosco.	My Best Friend's Wedding	Julia Roberts	Dermot Mulroney	Cameron Diaz	Rupert Everett	Philip Bosco
cast member	Is Anybody There? is a 2008 British drama film starring Michael Caine and directed by John Crowley.	Is Anybody There?	Michael Caine
cast member	The Muppets' Wizard of Oz is a 2005 American-Canadian television film directed by Kirk Thatcher and starring Ashanti and The Muppets with supporting roles done by Jeffrey Tambor, Quentin Tarantino, David Alan Grier, and Queen Latifah.	The Muppets' Wizard of Oz	Ashanti
cast member	Beyond the Dreams of Avarice is a 1920 British silent drama film directed by Thomas Bentley and starring Henry Victor, Joyce Dearsley and Alban Atwood.	Beyond the Dreams of Avarice	Henry Victor
cast member	The Man Behind the Mask is a 1936 British mystery film directed by Michael Powell and starring Hugh Williams, Jane Baxter, Ronald Ward, Maurice Schwartz, George Merritt, Henry Oscar and Peter Gawthorne.	The Man Behind the Mask	Hugh Williams	Maurice Schwartz	Henry Oscar
cast member	The Slender Thread is a 1965 film starring Anne Bancroft and Sidney Poitier.	The Slender Thread	Anne Bancroft	Sidney Poitier
cast member	The Rough and the Smooth (alternative title: Portrait of a Sinner) is a 1959 British drama film directed by Robert Siodmak and starring Nadja Tiller, Tony Britton, William Bendix and Edward Chapman.	The Rough and the Smooth	Nadja Tiller	William Bendix
cast member	What Gets Me Hot! is the title of a 1984 pornographic movie which featured Bunny Bleu, Susan Hart, Dorothy Onan, Marc Wallice, Sean Alexander, Tom Byron, Greg Rome, Herschel Savage (aka Hershel Savage), Maria Kay, Helga Sven, Leslie Thane and Traci Lords.	What Gets Me Hot!	Bunny Bleu	Marc Wallice	Tom Byron	Herschel Savage	Traci Lords
cast member	A Salzburg Comedy or Little Border Traffic (German:Der kleine Grenzverkehr) is a 1943 German comedy film directed by Hans Deppe and starring Willy Fritsch, Hertha Feiler and Heinz Salfner.	A Salzburg Comedy	Willy Fritsch
cast member	Jeg elsker dig is a 1957 Danish family film directed by Torben Anton Svendsen and starring Annie Birgit Garde.	Jeg elsker dig	Annie Birgit Garde
cast member	Slam Dunk Ernest is a 1995 sports comedy film, and the eighth full-length feature film starring Jim Varney as Ernest P. Worrell.	Slam Dunk Ernest	Jim Varney
cast member	Ezhumalai is a widower as his wife Lakshmi (Simran) is no more.	Ezhumalai	Simran
cast member	Victor Moore as Chimmie Fadden Raymond Hatton as Larry, His Brother Mrs. Lewis McCord as Mrs. Fadden, Their Mother Ernest Joy as Van Cartlandt, A Millionaire Anita King as Fanny, His Daughter Camille Astor as Hortense, French Maid Tom Forman as Antoine, Butler-Thief Harry DeRoy as Perkins, The Butler	Chimmie Fadden	Raymond Hatton	Ernest Joy	Camille Astor	Tom Forman
cast member	At Sword's Point is a 1952 American historical action film directed by Lewis Allen and starring Cornel Wilde and Maureen O'Hara.	At Sword's Point	Cornel Wilde	Maureen O'Hara
cast member	Bhuvan Shome is a 1969 Indian Hindi drama film directed by Mrinal Sen. The cast includes Utpal Dutt (Mr. Bhuvan Shome) and Suhasini Mulay (Gauri, a village belle).	Bhuvan Shome	Utpal Dutt	Suhasini Mulay
cast member	Don Juan's Three Nights is a surviving 1926 silent film romantic drama directed by John Francis Dillon and starring Lewis Stone, Shirley Mason and Malcolm McGregor.	Don Juan's Three Nights	Lewis Stone	Shirley Mason
cast member	Aadhi Raat Ke Baad is 1965 Hindi language movie directed by Nanabhai Bhatt and starring Ashok Kumar, Ragini, Sailesh Kumar, Murad, Agha, Sajjan, Ulhas, Jankidas, Rajan Haskar and Kumar.	Aadhi Raat Ke Baad	Ashok Kumar
cast member	Being Flynn is a 2012 American drama film starring Robert De Niro, Julianne Moore and Paul Dano, released in select theatres in the United States on March 2, 2012.	Being Flynn	Robert De Niro	Julianne Moore	Paul Dano
cast member	The Zero Theorem is a 2013 British science fiction film directed by Terry Gilliam, written by Pat Rushin, and starring Christoph Waltz, Lucas Hedges, Mélanie Thierry, and David Thewlis.	The Zero Theorem	Christoph Waltz	Mélanie Thierry	David Thewlis
cast member	My Amnesia Girl is a 2010 Filipino romantic film starring John Lloyd Cruz and Toni Gonzaga.	My Amnesia Girl	John Lloyd Cruz	Toni Gonzaga
cast member	The Devil and Max Devlin is a 1981 film produced by Walt Disney Productions, directed by Steven Hilliard Stern and starring Elliott Gould, Bill Cosby and Susan Anspach.	The Devil and Max Devlin	Elliott Gould
cast member	Attack of the Helping Hand is a 1979 short film written and directed by Scott Spiegel and starring Linda Quiroz and Sam Raimi.	Attack of the Helping Hand	Sam Raimi
cast member	The Tuxedo is a 2002 American comedy--action film directed by Kevin Donovan and starring Jackie Chan and Jennifer Love Hewitt.	The Tuxedo	Jackie Chan	Jennifer Love Hewitt
cast member	Semi-Tough is a 1977 American comedy film directed by Michael Ritchie, and stars Burt Reynolds, Kris Kristofferson, Jill Clayburgh, Robert Preston, Lotte Lenya and Bert Convy, set in the world of American professional football.	Semi-Tough	Burt Reynolds	Kris Kristofferson	Jill Clayburgh	Robert Preston	Lotte Lenya	Bert Convy
cast member	Barsaat Ki Raat (Hindi: बरसात की रात; Translated: 'A Rainy Night') is a 1960 Bollywood film starring Bharat Bhushan, Madhubala, Shyama, Mumtaz Begum and K.N. Singh.	Barsaat Ki Raat	Bharat Bhushan	Madhubala	Shyama
cast member	Don't Promise Me Anything (German:Versprich mir nichts!) is a 1937 German comedy film directed by Wolfgang Liebeneiner and starring Luise Ullrich, Viktor de Kowa and Heinrich George.	Don't Promise Me Anything	Luise Ullrich
cast member	Death Train (also known as Detonator) is a 1993 made-for-TV movie featuring Pierce Brosnan, Patrick Stewart, Christopher Lee, Ted Levine, and Alexandra Paul.	Death Train	Pierce Brosnan	Patrick Stewart	Christopher Lee	Ted Levine	Alexandra Paul
cast member	Pandigai (English: Festival) is an upcoming Tamil action film directed by Feroz, starring Kreshna and Anandhi in the leading roles.	Pandigai	Kreshna
cast member	Tequila and Bonetti is an American comedy-drama series starring Jack Scalia.	Tequila and Bonetti	Jack Scalia
cast member	The 36th Chamber of Shaolin, also known as The Master Killer and Shaolin Master Killer, is a 1978 Shaw Brothers kung fu film directed by Liu Chia-liang and starring Gordon Liu.	The 36th Chamber of Shaolin	Gordon Liu
cast member	OSS 117 - Double Agent is a 1968 Eurospy film about agent OSS 117, starring John Gavin.	OSS 117 - Double Agent	John Gavin
cast member	When Lincoln Paid is a 1913 American short silent historical drama film written by William Clifford and directed by Francis Ford, who also appears in the film as Abraham Lincoln.	When Lincoln Paid	Francis Ford
cast member	Dikkulu Choodaku Ramayya (English: Don't look around, Ramayya) is a 2014 Telugu romantic comedy film directed by Trikoti, starring Ajay, Naga Shourya and Sana khan (Sana Makbul).	Dikkulu Choodaku Ramayya	Ajay
cast member	Radioland Murders also features numerous small roles and cameo appearances, including Michael McKean, Bobcat Goldthwait, Jeffrey Tambor, Christopher Lloyd, George Burns (in his final film appearance), Billy Barty and Rosemary Clooney.	Radioland Murders	Michael McKean	Jeffrey Tambor	Christopher Lloyd	George Burns	Rosemary Clooney
cast member	Stephen Holden of New York Times wrote: ``Spy Hard is never funnier than during its opening credit sequence in which ''Weird Al`` Yankovic bellows his parody of the brassy theme song from Goldfinger, while obese cartoon silhouettes swim across the screen.	Spy Hard	Weird Al`` Yankovic
cast member	Stardom is a 2000 Canadian comedy-drama film written by J.Jacob Potashnik & Denys Arcand and directed by Denys Arcand and starring Jessica Paré and Dan Aykroyd.	Stardom	Jessica Paré	Dan Aykroyd
cast member	Bullet Boy is a 2004 British drama film directed by Saul Dibb, written by Saul Dibb and Catherine Johnson, and stars Ashley Walters.	Bullet Boy	Ashley Walters
cast member	Obliging Young Lady is a 1942 American romantic comedy film directed by Richard Wallace and starring Joan Carroll, Edmond O'Brien, Ruth Warrick.	Obliging Young Lady	Joan Carroll
cast member	Success at Any Price is a 1934 sound film starring Douglas Fairbanks Jr., Genevieve Tobin, Frank Morgan and silent film star Colleen Moore.	Success at Any Price	Douglas Fairbanks	Genevieve Tobin	Colleen Moore
cast member	Ju Dou (Chinese: 菊豆; pinyin: Jú Dòu) is a 1990 Chinese film directed by Zhang Yimou and Yang Fengliang (though it is almost universally considered to be a product of Zhang's vision as director) and starring Gong Li as the title character.	Ju Dou	Gong Li
cast member	Dans les rues (English: On the Streets), is a French crime drama romance film from 1933, directed by Victor Trivas, written by J.-H. Rosny aîné and Alexandre Arnoux, starring Vladimir Sokoloff and Jean Marais.	Dans les rues	Vladimir Sokoloff	Jean Marais
cast member	One Exciting Adventure is a 1934 American comedy film directed by Ernst L. Frank and starring Binnie Barnes, Neil Hamilton and Paul Cavanagh.	One Exciting Adventure	Binnie Barnes
cast member	Military Academy with That Tenth Avenue Gang is a 1950 American comedy drama film directed by D. Ross Lederman, and starring Stanley Clements, Danny Welton, and Gene Collins.	Military Academy with That Tenth Avenue Gang	Stanley Clements
cast member	Le Secret d'Hélène Marimon (English: The Secret of Helene Marimon), is a French drama film from 1954, directed by Henri Calef, written by Henri Calef, starring Isa Miranda and Louis de Funès.	Le Secret d'Hélène Marimon	Isa Miranda	Louis de Funès
cast member	Thank You, Madame (German title:Opernring) is a 1936 Austrian musical film directed by Carmine Gallone and starring Jan Kiepura, Friedl Czepa and Luli Deste.	Thank You, Madame	Jan Kiepura	Friedl Czepa
cast member	The California Kid is a 1974 TV movie starring Martin Sheen, Vic Morrow, Nick Nolte, Michelle Phillips, Gary Morgan, and Janit Baldwin.	The California Kid	Martin Sheen
cast member	She Wore a Yellow Ribbon is a 1949 Technicolor Western film directed by John Ford and starring John Wayne.	She Wore a Yellow Ribbon	John Wayne
cast member	Sinner Take All is a 1936 murder mystery film starring Bruce Cabot and Margaret Lindsay and directed by Errol Taggart.	Sinner Take All	Bruce Cabot	Margaret Lindsay
cast member	The Romance of Old Bill is a 1918 British silent comedy war directed by George Pearson and starring Charles Rock, Arthur Cleave and Hugh E. Wright.	The Romance of Old Bill	Charles Rock
cast member	The Life of Jimmy Dolan, released in the UK as The Kid's Last Fight, is a 1933 American Pre-Code film starring Douglas Fairbanks Jr. and Loretta Young.	The Life of Jimmy Dolan	Douglas Fairbanks	Loretta Young
cast member	Mr. Moto Takes a Chance is the fourth in a series of eight films starring Peter Lorre as Mr. Moto, although it was the second one actually filmed, following Think Fast, Mr. Moto.	Mr. Moto Takes a Chance	Peter Lorre
cast member	Remember Mary Magdalen is a 1914 silent short drama film directed by Allan Dwan and featuring Pauline Bush, Murdock MacQuarrie, and Lon Chaney.	Remember Mary Magdalen	Pauline Bush	Murdock MacQuarrie	Lon Chaney
cast member	Isabella Leong, portraying Moon in Bug Me Not!, was nominated for Best New Performer for the 25th Hong Kong Film Awards in 2006.	Bug Me Not!	Isabella Leong
cast member	Family Passions featured popular soap actors such as Kin Shriner, Roscoe Born, Andrew Jackson and Gordon Thomson as well as many Canadian actors including future The Walking Dead actress Laurie Holden, future Star Wars actor Hayden Christensen, Barry Flatman, Jennifer Dale, Jason Cadieux and Von Flores.	Family Passions	Andrew Jackson
cast member	Die zärtlichen Verwandten (The Tender Kinsfolk, The Tender Relatives) is a 1930 German comedy film directed by Richard Oswald and starring Harald Paulsen, Charlotte Ander and Felix Bressart.	Die zärtlichen Verwandten	Harald Paulsen
cast member	Aadi Velli is a 1990 Tamil-language Indian feature film directed by Rama Narayanan and produced by N.Radha, starring Seetha and Nizhalgal Ravi.	Aadi Velli	Seetha
cast member	Silk Hope is a 1999 made-for-TV romantic-drama film that starred Farrah Fawcett, along with Brad Johnson, Ashley Crow, and Scott Bryce.	Silk Hope	Farrah Fawcett
cast member	This is the original 1986 short Coffee and Cigarettes with Roberto Benigni and Steven Wright having a conversation about coffee and cigarettes.	Coffee and Cigarettes	Roberto Benigni	Steven Wright
cast member	Beverly Hills Vamp is a 1988 comedy horror film starring Eddie Deezen and Britt Ekland and directed by Fred Olen Ray.	Beverly Hills Vamp	Eddie Deezen
cast member	Savannah Smiles is a 1982 family film starring Bridgette Andersen, Donovan Scott, Mark Miller, who also wrote the film for the screen, Peter Graves, and Barbara Stanger.	Savannah Smiles	Mark Miller
cast member	Ancient Chinese Whorehouse is a 1994 Hong Kong sex comedy film directed by Kai Ming Lai and written by Man Fai Ng, starring Yvonne Yung, Kent Cheng, Kingdom Yuen, Elvis Tsui, Cheng Xueyan, and Liu Dizhi.	Ancient Chinese Whorehouse	Yvonne Yung
cast member	Sharp Shooters is a 1928 American silent comedy film directed by John G. Blystone and starring George O'Brien, Lois Moran, and Noah Young.	Sharp Shooters	George O'Brien	Lois Moran
cast member	Subramani (Dhanush), known as Sullan among his friends, is the son of a Corporation cleaner (Manivannan).	Sullan	Dhanush	Manivannan
cast member	Heaven at Home (Spanish:El cielo dentro de la casa or Navidades en junio) is a 1960 Spanish comedy film directed by Tulio Demicheli and starring Alberto Closas, Marga López and Rafael Alonso.	Heaven at Home	Alberto Closas
cast member	Aliens are to Blame for Everything (Serbo-Croatian: Svemirci su krivi za sve, Serbian: Свемирци су криви за све) is a 1991 Yugoslav film by Zoran Calica starring Bata Živojinović, Boro Stjepanović, Nikola Simić and others.	Aliens are to Blame for Everything	Bata Živojinović	Boro Stjepanović	Nikola Simić
cast member	Similarly, BuzzFeed writer Jarett Wieselman agreed that ``After (Shannen) Doherty's exit, Charmed veered into slightly-absurd-yet-no-less-entertaining territory,'' noting that the addition of Rose McGowan ``ushered in a wave of increasingly campy episodes.''	Charmed	Shannen) Doherty
cast member	It concerned the life of private investigator Miles C. Banyon (Robert Forster), a tough-but-honest detective who would accept essentially any case for US$20/day.	Banyon	Robert Forster
cast member	Sadiyaan is a Bollywood film released in 2010 which stars Rishi Kapoor, Hema Malini and Rekha.	Sadiyaan	Rekha
cast member	Spawn of the North is a 1938 film about rival fishermen in Alaska starring George Raft and featuring Henry Fonda, Dorothy Lamour, and John Barrymore.	Spawn of the North	George Raft	Henry Fonda	Dorothy Lamour	John Barrymore
cast member	La Maldicion de la Bestia (Curse of the Beast) is a 1975 Spanish horror film that is the eighth in a long series about the werewolf Count Waldemar Daninsky, played by Paul Naschy.	La Maldicion de la Bestia	Paul Naschy
cast member	Their First Mistake is a 1932 short film starring Laurel and Hardy, directed by George Marshall and produced by Hal Roach.	Their First Mistake	George Marshall
cast member	Season of Miracles is a 2013 American Christian-themed dramatic film directed by Dave Moody and starring John Schneider, Grayson Russell, Andrew Williams, and Nancy Stafford.	Season of Miracles	John Schneider
cast member	Life Reboot Nahi Hoti is an Indian Bollywood romantic thriller movie, directed by Avinash Nanda, starring Rajat Barmecha, Meiyang Chang, Jennifer Winget, Maanvi Gagroo and Pawan Malhotra.	Life Reboot Nahi Hoti	Rajat Barmecha
cast member	The film centres on the life of a strong-willed Armenian fighter Nahapet (Sos Sargsyan).	Nahapet	Sos Sargsyan
cast member	Pal Pal Dil Ke Ssaat is a 2009 Hindi-language film directed by V.K.Kumar, starring Ajay Jadeja, Vinod Kambli, Mahi Gill, Satish Shah and Sushma Seth.	Pal Pal Dil Ke Ssaat	Ajay Jadeja	Vinod Kambli	Mahi Gill	Satish Shah	Sushma Seth
cast member	The Field Marshal (German:Der Feldmarschall) is a 1927 German silent war drama film directed by Romano Mengon and starring Cilly Feindt, Paul Rehkopf, Harry Hardt.	The Field Marshal	Cilly Feindt
cast member	Redemption Road (also Black, White and Blues) is a 2010 American film directed by Mario Van Peebles and starring Michael Clarke Duncan and Luke Perry.	Redemption Road	Michael Clarke Duncan	Luke Perry
cast member	Born to Win is a 1971 black comedy film directed by Ivan Passer and starring George Segal, Karen Black, Paula Prentiss, Hector Elizondo and Robert De Niro.	Born to Win	George Segal	Karen Black	Paula Prentiss	Robert De Niro
cast member	The Missing Scarf is a 2013 computer animated, dark comedy-related, adventure, Irish short film directed by Eoin Duffy, produced by Jamie Hogan & narrated by George Takei.	The Missing Scarf	George Takei
cast member	Town on Trial is a 1957 British mystery film directed by John Guillermin and starring John Mills, Charles Coburn, Barbara Bates and Derek Farr.	Town on Trial	John Mills	Charles Coburn	Barbara Bates	Derek Farr
cast member	Easy to Wed is a 1946 Technicolor American musical comedy film directed by Edward Buzzell and starring Van Johnson, Esther Williams, Lucille Ball, and Keenan Wynn.	Easy to Wed	Van Johnson	Esther Williams	Lucille Ball	Keenan Wynn
cast member	Varnajalam is a 2004 Tamil film starring Srikanth and Sadha in the lead roles, later dubbed into Hindi as Aankhein.	Varnajalam	Srikanth
cast member	Hurricane in the Tropics (Italian:Uragano ai tropici) is a 1939 Italian adventure film directed by Pier Luigi Faraldo and Gino Talamo and starring Fosco Giachetti, Rubi D'Alma and Osvaldo Valenti.	Hurricane in the Tropics	Fosco Giachetti	Osvaldo Valenti
cast member	The Gambling Terror is a 1937 American western film directed by Sam Newfield and starring Johnny Mack Brown, Iris Meredith and Charles King.	The Gambling Terror	Johnny Mack Brown
cast member	The Ghost Camera is a 1933 British mystery film directed by Bernard Vorhaus, starring Henry Kendall, Ida Lupino and John Mills, and based on ``A Mystery Narrative'', a short story by Joseph Jefferson Farjeon.	The Ghost Camera	Ida Lupino	John Mills
cast member	Soul Men is an American musical comedy film directed by Malcolm D. Lee, and starring Samuel L. Jackson, Bernie Mac, Sharon Leal and Sean Hayes, released on November 7, 2008.	Soul Men	Samuel L. Jackson	Bernie Mac	Sharon Leal	Sean Hayes
cast member	Veerappa Nayaka is an Indian Kannada language film directed by S. Narayan starring Vishnuvardhan and Shruti in the lead roles.	Veerappa Nayaka	Vishnuvardhan
cast member	Night of the Demon is a 1957 British horror film directed by Jacques Tourneur, starring Dana Andrews, Peggy Cummins and Niall MacGinnis.	Night of the Demon	Dana Andrews	Peggy Cummins	Niall MacGinnis
cast member	Before Morning is a 1933 American Pre-Code crime drama directed by Arthur Hoerl, and starring Leo Carrillo, Lora Baxter, and Taylor Holmes.	Before Morning	Leo Carrillo
cast member	The film saw Chen reuniting with Leslie Cheung and Gong Li who had previously worked with him in his breakout international hit Farewell My Concubine Temptress Moon premiered at the 1996 Cannes Film Festival, where it was in competition for the Palme d'Or that eventually went to Mike Leigh's Secrets & Lies.	Temptress Moon	Leslie Cheung	Gong Li
cast member	Coming Through (1925) is a silent film directed by A. Edward Sutherland starring Thomas Meighan and Lila Lee.	Coming Through	Thomas Meighan
cast member	Radio tekee murron (``The Radio Burglary'') (1951) is a Finnish crime comedy directed by Matti Kassila and starring Hannes Häyrinen.	Radio tekee murron	Hannes Häyrinen
cast member	The Fastest Gun Alive is a 1956 western film starring Glenn Ford, Jeanne Crain and Broderick Crawford.	The Fastest Gun Alive	Glenn Ford	Jeanne Crain	Broderick Crawford
cast member	The Man Who Murdered (German:Der Mann, der den Mord beging) is a 1931 German crime film directed by Curtis Bernhardt and starring Conrad Veidt, Trude von Molo and Heinrich George.	The Man Who Murdered	Conrad Veidt
cast member	They Made Me a Criminal is a 1939 American Warner Bros. drama crime film directed by Busby Berkeley and starring John Garfield, Claude Rains, and The Dead End Kids.	They Made Me a Criminal	John Garfield	Claude Rains
cast member	Nalla Thambi is a 1985 Indian Tamil film, directed by SP. Muthuraman, starring Karthik and Radha in lead roles.	Nalla Thambi	Karthik
cast member	Blind Company is a 2009 feature film directed by Melbourne auteur Alkinos Tsilimidos and starring Colin Friels.	Blind Company	Colin Friels
cast member	The musical score for The Way We Were was composed by Marvin Hamlisch.	The Way We Were	Marvin Hamlisch
cast member	David Parkinson of Radio Times rated Storm Catcher, 1/5 stars and wrote, ``Faced with a minuscule budget, a few feet of stock aerial footage and a script with dialogue that amounts to an aural assault, director Anthony Hickox has done well to produce a film that's only as bad as this one.''	Storm Catcher	Anthony Hickox
cast member	La Main du diable (``The Devil's Hand''), also known as Carnival of Sinners, is a 1943 French horror film directed by Maurice Tourneur and starring Pierre Fresnay as a struggling artist who acquires a supernatural talisman.	La Main du diable	Pierre Fresnay
cast member	My Mom's New Boyfriend is a 2008 romantic comedy film starring Colin Hanks, Antonio Banderas, Selma Blair, and Meg Ryan.	My Mom's New Boyfriend	Colin Hanks	Antonio Banderas	Selma Blair	Meg Ryan
cast member	Bickford Shmeckler's Cool Ideas is a 2006 film written and directed by Scott Lew, starring Patrick Fugit and Olivia Wilde.	Bickford Shmeckler's Cool Ideas	Patrick Fugit	Olivia Wilde
cast member	It's Your Move is an American sitcom starring Jason Bateman, Tricia Cast, Caren Kaye, Ernie Sabella, David Garrison, and Garrett Morris.	It's Your Move	Jason Bateman	Tricia Cast	Caren Kaye	Ernie Sabella	David Garrison
cast member	Bad Day at Black Rock is a 1955 Eastman Color in CinemaScope thriller directed by John Sturges and starring Spencer Tracy and Robert Ryan that combines elements of the western with that of film noir.	Bad Day at Black Rock	Spencer Tracy	Robert Ryan
cast member	Mr. Ace is a 1946 American film about a society woman (Sylvia Sidney) who taps a gangster (George Raft) for his political support as she runs for Congress.	Mr. Ace	George Raft
cast member	The Perfect Weapon is a 1991 action-martial arts film starring acting newcomer Jeff Speakman.	The Perfect Weapon	Jeff Speakman
cast member	Pudhupettai (Tamil: புதுப்பேட்டை English: New Hood/Area) is a 2006 Indian Tamil gangster film written and directed by Selvaraghavan, starring his brother Dhanush in the lead, whilst Sneha and Sonia Agarwal enact the lead female character roles.	Pudhupettai	Dhanush	Sneha	Sonia Agarwal
cast member	Sensation in Savoy (German:Sensation im Savoy) is a 1950 West German comedy crime film directed by Eduard von Borsody and starring Sybille Schmitz, Paul Klinger and Karl Schönböck.	Sensation in Savoy	Sybille Schmitz
cast member	Our Family Wedding is a romantic comedy film starring Forest Whitaker, America Ferrera, Carlos Mencia, Lance Gross, Shannyn Sossamon, Charlie Murphy and Regina King.	Our Family Wedding	Forest Whitaker	America Ferrera	Carlos Mencia	Shannyn Sossamon	Regina King
cast member	The Monkey's Uncle is a 1965 Walt Disney production starring Tommy Kirk as genius college student Merlin Jones and Annette Funicello as his girlfriend, Jennifer.	The Monkey's Uncle	Tommy Kirk	Annette Funicello
cast member	Money Ratnam (English translation: Money Diamond) is a 2014 Indian Malayalam comedy thriller film,directed by debutant Santosh Nair starring Fahadh Faasil and Niveda Thomas.	Money Ratnam	Fahadh Faasil
cast member	Dharani Mandala Madhyadolage (Kannada: ಧರಣಿಮಂಡಲ ಮಧ್ಯದೊಳಗೆ, English: At the Center of Earth) is a 1983 Indian Kannada language drama film written and directed by Puttanna Kanagal starring Srinath, Chandrashekar, Ramakrishna, Jai Jagadish and T. N. Seetharam.	Dharani Mandala Madhyadolage	Srinath	Ramakrishna	Jai Jagadish	T. N. Seetharam
cast member	Aattinakkare is a 1989 Indian Malayalam film, directed by SL Puram Anand, starring Sukumaran and Lissy Priyadarsan in the lead roles.	Aattinakkare	Sukumaran
cast member	Capulina Speedy González is a 1970 Mexican western-comedy film starring Gaspar Henaine in the title role and Leonorilda Ochoa with Víctor Alcocer and Julián de Meriche.	Capulina Speedy González	Gaspar Henaine	Leonorilda Ochoa
cast member	Terror's Advocate (French: L'Avocat de la terreur) is a 2007 French documentary film about Jacques Vergès, the controversial lawyer and former Free French Forces guerrilla who has defended infamous figures such as Nazi war criminal Klaus Barbie and Holocaust denier Roger Garaudy.	Terror's Advocate	Jacques Vergès
cast member	Three Sisters of the Moors is a 1944 American short historical film directed by John Larkin and starring Cedric Hardwicke, Molly Lamont and Lynne Roberts.	Three Sisters of the Moors	Cedric Hardwicke
cast member	The Electric Horseman is a 1979 adventure-romance film starring Robert Redford and Jane Fonda and directed by Sydney Pollack.	The Electric Horseman	Robert Redford	Jane Fonda
cast member	Katha Parayumpol (Malayalam: കഥ പറയുമ്പോള്‍ ) (English: As the Story is Told) is a 2007 Malayalam film directed by M. Mohanan, co-produced and written by Sreenivasan, and starring Sreenivasan and Meena in lead roles, while Mammootty appears in an extended cameo role.	Katha Parayumpol	Sreenivasan
cast member	The Spreading Dawn is a 1917 American silent drama film produced by Samuel Goldwyn in his first year of producing independently in his own studio and starring Broadway stage star Jane Cowl in her second and final silent film.	The Spreading Dawn	Jane Cowl
cast member	The Chechako is a 1914 American drama silent film directed by Hobart Bosworth, starring Jack Conway, Myrtle Stedman, Joe Ray and Gordon Sackville.	The Chechako	Jack Conway
cast member	The Chicas Project is a reality television show on the bilingual television network mun2 that chronicles the adventures of the ``Chicas,'' two VJs for mun2, Yasmin Deliz and Melissa Barrera.	The Chicas Project	Yasmin Deliz	Melissa Barrera
cast member	Nobelity was written and directed by writer, actor and filmmaker Turk Pipkin and produced by Christy Pipkin, in association with The Nobelity Project.	Nobelity	Turk Pipkin
cast member	Adata Vediya Heta Hondai (Sinhala, Tomorrow Is Better Than Today) is a 1963 Sri Lankan film starring Gamini Fonseka and Jeevarani Kurukulasooriya.	Adata Vediya Heta Hondai	Gamini Fonseka
cast member	Shivers in Summer (Italian: Frenesia dell'estate) is a 1963 Italian comedy film directed by Luigi Zampa and starring among others Vittorio Gassman.	Shivers in Summer	Vittorio Gassman
cast member	Undiscovered was the first significant film role for Ashlee Simpson, who had previously acted on the television series 7th Heaven before launching a singing career.	Undiscovered	Ashlee Simpson
cast member	Kudumba Vishesham is a 1994 Indian Malayalam film, directed by P Anil, Babu Narayanan, starring Thilakan and Kaviyoor Ponnamma in the lead roles.	Kudumba Vishesham	Thilakan
cast member	The End of St. Petersburg (Russian: Конец Санкт-Петербурга, translit. Konets Sankt-Peterburga) is a 1927 silent film directed by Vsevolod Pudovkin and produced by Mezhrabpom.	The End of St. Petersburg	Vsevolod Pudovkin
cast member	Footlight Parade is a 1933 American Pre-Code musical film starring James Cagney, Joan Blondell, Ruby Keeler and Dick Powell and featuring Frank McHugh, Guy Kibbee, Hugh Herbert and Ruth Donnelly.	Footlight Parade	James Cagney	Joan Blondell	Ruby Keeler	Dick Powell	Frank McHugh	Guy Kibbee	Hugh Herbert	Ruth Donnelly
cast member	Original Gangstas is a 1996 action movie filmed and set in urban Gary, Indiana starring Blaxploitation film stars such as Fred Williamson, Pam Grier, Jim Brown, and Richard Roundtree.	Original Gangstas	Fred Williamson	Pam Grier	Jim Brown	Richard Roundtree
cast member	Mukham (English: Face) is a 1990 Indian Malayalam thriller film directed by Mohan and starring Mohanlal, Nassar and Ranjini in the lead roles.	Mukham	Mohanlal	Nassar	Ranjini
cast member	Assisting Cribb was Detective Constable Thackery, played by William Simons.	Cribb	William Simons
cast member	Bohemian Rapture or The Violin and the Dream (Czech:Housle a sen) is a 1947 Czech historical drama film directed by Václav Krska and starring Jaromír Spal, Václav Voska and Karel Dostal.	Bohemian Rapture	Jaromír Spal
cast member	The Way We Were is a 1973 American romantic drama film, starring Barbra Streisand and Robert Redford, and directed by Sydney Pollack.	The Way We Were	Barbra Streisand	Robert Redford
cast member	Razzia sur la chnouf (French for ``Raid on the Drug Ring'') is a 1955 French gangster film directed by Henri Decoin and starring Jean Gabin.	Razzia sur la chnouf	Jean Gabin
cast member	View from the Top is a 2003 American romantic comedy film directed by Bruno Barreto, and stars Gwyneth Paltrow, Christina Applegate, Candice Bergen, Joshua Malina, Mark Ruffalo, Rob Lowe, Mike Myers, and Kelly Preston.	View from the Top	Gwyneth Paltrow	Christina Applegate	Candice Bergen	Joshua Malina	Mark Ruffalo	Rob Lowe	Mike Myers	Kelly Preston
cast member	Ajooba, as Ali, falls for Rukhsana (Dimple Kapadia, actually the daughter of Ameer Baba, returned from Hind to rescue her imprisoned father), while Hasan's affections are for the Vazir's Shehzadi Henna (Sonam).	Ajooba	Dimple Kapadia	Sonam
cast member	The White Suit (Serbian: Belo odelo / Бело одело) is a 1999 Serbian language film directed by Lazar Ristovski.	The White Suit	Lazar Ristovski
cast member	Miracle Beach is a 1992 fantasy/comedy film starring Dean Cameron, Ami Dolenz, and Pat Morita.	Miracle Beach	Dean Cameron	Ami Dolenz	Pat Morita
cast member	The Crushed Idol (French:L'idole brisée) is a 1920 French silent drama film directed by Maurice Mariaud and starring Lina Cavalieri.	The Crushed Idol	Lina Cavalieri
cast member	The Making of a Man is a 1911 short silent drama film directed by D. W. Griffith and starring Blanche Sweet.	The Making of a Man	Blanche Sweet
cast member	Revathikkoru Pavakkutty (Translation: A doll for Revathi) is a 1986 Malayalam film by Sathyan Anthikkad starring Bharath Gopi, Mohanlal and Radha.	Revathikkoru Pavakkutty	Bharath Gopi	Mohanlal
cast member	Apache Ambush is a 1955 western film, released by Columbia Pictures, directed by Fred F. Sears and starring Bill Williams and Richard Jaeckel.	Apache Ambush	Bill Williams	Richard Jaeckel
cast member	Comedy's Dirtiest Dozen is a stand-up comedy concert film featuring big name talents before they reached stardom, including Tim Allen, Chris Rock, and Bill Hicks.	Comedy's Dirtiest Dozen	Tim Allen
cast member	Conquest of Space is a 1955 American Technicolor science fiction film from Paramount Pictures, produced by George Pal, directed by Byron Haskin, and starring Walter Brooke, Eric Fleming and Mickey Shaughnessy.	Conquest of Space	Walter Brooke	Eric Fleming	Mickey Shaughnessy
cast member	Swargam Narakam (Telugu: స్వర్గం నరకం; English Translation: Heaven and Hell) is a 1975 Telugu film directed by Dasari Narayana Rao.	Swargam Narakam	Dasari Narayana Rao
cast member	Rama Shama Bhama (Kannada: ರಾಮ ಶಾಮ ಭಾಮ) is a 2005 Indian Kannada language film directed by Ramesh Aravind and produced by K Manju.	Rama Shama Bhama	Ramesh Aravind
cast member	Crazy Girls Undercover is a 2008 B-movie directed by Chris Langman and starring Clive Robertson and Nikki Ziering.	Crazy Girls Undercover	Clive Robertson
cast member	Nine from Little Rock is a 1964 American short documentary film directed by Charles Guggenheim about the Little Rock Nine, the first nine African-American students to attend an all-white Arkansas high school in 1957.	Nine from Little Rock	Little Rock Nine
cast member	Men Don't Tell is a 1993 television drama film starring Peter Strauss and Judith Light.	Men Don't Tell	Peter Strauss
cast member	How to Kill and Be Killed (2005) is a live concert DVD from singer-songwriter Derek Webb.	How to Kill and Be Killed	Derek Webb
cast member	Hood of Horror (a.k.a. Snoop Dogg's Hood of Horror) is a horror film adaptation of a fictional comic book, which is an anthology of three short tales set in an urban milieu in a style reminiscent of Tales from the Crypt and Tales from the Hood.	Hood of Horror	Snoop Dogg
cast member	Meanwhile, an officer stationed at the house alerts Captain Smit (Ian Roberts), who rushes to the scene, arriving just as Tsotsi is about to walk away.	Tsotsi	Ian Roberts
cast member	Nammanna Don is a 2012 released Kannada comedy film starring Ramesh Aravind, Mona Parvaresh and Sanathini in the lead roles.	Nammanna Don	Ramesh Aravind
cast member	Schaut auf diese Stadt (Look at This City) is an East German film directed by Karl Gass in 1962.	Schaut auf diese Stadt	Karl Gass
cast member	A Miner's Romance is a 1914 American silent Western film featuring Lon Chaney.	A Miner's Romance	Lon Chaney
cast member	Yemaindi Ee Vela (English: What did happen now) is a 2010 Tollywood romantic drama film, starring Varun Sandesh, Nisha Aggarwal, Nisha Shah and Shashank.	Yemaindi Ee Vela	Varun Sandesh	Shashank
cast member	Sixth Happiness also features performances from Souad Faress, Nina Wadia, Indira Varma, and Meera Syal.	Sixth Happiness	Souad Faress	Nina Wadia
cast member	The Pipes o' Pan is a 1914 American silent drama film directed by Joe De Grasse and featuring Lon Chaney.	The Pipes o' Pan	Lon Chaney
cast member	Solos en la madrugada (English: ``Alone in the Dark'') is a 1978 Spanish film written and directed by José Luis Garci, starring José Sacristán and Fiorella Faltoyano.	Solos en la madrugada	José Sacristán
cast member	The Canceled Mortgage is a 1915 drama film featuring Harry Carey.	The Canceled Mortgage	Harry Carey
cast member	Karl Urban stars as Judge Dredd, a law enforcer given the power of judge, jury and executioner in a vast, dystopic metropolis called Mega-City One that lies in a post-apocalyptic wasteland.	Dredd	Karl Urban
cast member	Adivishnu (Arunkumar) is the son of a school teacher (Kota Srinivasa Rao) from Palakollu.	Adivishnu	Kota Srinivasa Rao
cast member	Endu Ninnavane (Kannada: ಎಂದೂ ನಿನ್ನವನೆ) is a 1966 Indian Kannada film, directed and produced by Kalyan Kumar.	Endu Ninnavane	Kalyan Kumar
cast member	Cofralandes, Chilean Rhapsody (Spanish: Cofralandes, rapsodia chilena) is an experimental four-part 2002 Franco-Chilean digital video series written and directed by Raúl Ruiz.	Cofralandes, Chilean Rhapsody	Raúl Ruiz
cast member	Winning is a 1969 American motion picture starring Paul Newman and Joanne Woodward.	Winning	Paul Newman	Joanne Woodward
cast member	Clothes Make the Woman is a 1928 American silent historical romantic drama film directed by Tom Terriss, and starring Eve Southern and Walter Pidgeon.	Clothes Make the Woman	Eve Southern
cast member	Private Affairs is a 1940 film comedy starring Nancy Kelly, with a supporting cast including Hugh Herbert, Roland Young, and Robert Cummings.	Private Affairs	Nancy Kelly	Hugh Herbert	Roland Young	Robert Cummings
cast member	Geheimarchiv an der Elbe is an East German war film set in the last days of World War II in Europe and directed by Kurt Jung-Alsen.	Geheimarchiv an der Elbe	Kurt Jung-Alsen
cast member	Keep Your Seats, Please is a 1936 British comedy film directed by Monty Banks and starring George Formby, Florence Desmond and Alastair Sim.	Keep Your Seats, Please	George Formby	Florence Desmond	Alastair Sim
cast member	Dr. Pomerantz (Hebrew: ד``ר פומרנץ‎) is a 2011 Israeli film directed by and starring Assi Dayan.	Dr. Pomerantz	Assi Dayan
cast member	Ahmad Albab is a 1968 Malaysian comedy-drama film directed by, written by and starring Malaysian artiste P. Ramlee about an arrogant and materialistic man who marries off his outspoken daughter to a poor villager to teach her a lesson.	Ahmad Albab	P. Ramlee
cast member	The Soilers is a 1923 American silent comedy film starring Stan Laurel, and was released in the same year as the Western silent movie drama The Spoilers.	The Soilers	Stan Laurel
cast member	Dr. Giggles is a 1992 horror film directed by Manny Coto, starring Larry Drake as the titular antagonist and Holly Marie Combs as the protagonist.	Dr. Giggles	Larry Drake	Holly Marie Combs
cast member	Bending All the Rules is a 2002 American drama romance film starring Bradley Cooper.	Bending All the Rules	Bradley Cooper
cast member	Ustadi Ustad Se is an action thriller starring Mithun Chakraborty in the lead role supported by Vinod Mehra, Ranjeeta, Jayshree T. and Jagdeep.	Ustadi Ustad Se	Jayshree T.
cast member	Set in contemporary New York City, Shortbus revolves around Sofia Lin (Sook-Yin Lee), who is married to the handsome but unambitious and slightly dim-witted Rob (Raphael Barker).	Shortbus	Sook-Yin Lee
cast member	Kauravar (Malayalam: കൗരവര്‍) is a 1992 Malayalam crime drama film directed by Joshiy, written by Lohithadas, and starring Mammootty, Vishnuvardhan, Thilakan, Murali, Anju, Babu Antony and Bheeman Raghu.	Kauravar	Mammootty	Vishnuvardhan	Thilakan	Babu Antony
cast member	The World for Sale is a 1918 American silent drama film directed by J. Stuart Blackton and starring Conway Tearle, Ann Little, W.W. Bitner, Norbert Wicki, Crazy Thunder, and E.L. Fernandez.	The World for Sale	Conway Tearle
cast member	Sunset in Wyoming is a 1941 American Western film directed by William Morgan and starring Gene Autry, Smiley Burnette, George Cleveland, and Maris Wrixon.	Sunset in Wyoming	Gene Autry	Smiley Burnette	George Cleveland	Maris Wrixon
cast member	Lady in the Fog, released in the United States as Scotland Yard Inspector, is a 1952 British mystery film directed by Sam Newfield and starring Cesar Romero and Lois Maxwell.	Lady in the Fog	Cesar Romero	Lois Maxwell
cast member	Love Crime (French: Crime d'amour) is a 2010 French psychological suspense thriller starring Ludivine Sagnier and Kristin Scott Thomas.	Love Crime	Ludivine Sagnier	Kristin Scott Thomas
cast member	The Red-Light Sting is a 1984 made-for-television movie, starring Farrah Fawcett, Beau Bridges, Harold Gould, and Paul Burke.	The Red-Light Sting	Farrah Fawcett	Beau Bridges	Harold Gould
cast member	It was announced in TV Week that the sixth season of Packed to the Rafters would be the last, with Hugh Sheridan stating: ``It's emotional letting go of Rafters -- for all of us.	Packed to the Rafters	Hugh Sheridan
cast member	Valentine's Night is a 2012 Hindi-language romantic thriller film directed by Krishan Kumar and Baadal, featuring Payal Rohatgi, Sangram Singh, Rahul Minz, Neha Thakur in the lead roles.	Valentine's Night	Payal Rohatgi
cast member	Ticking Clock is a 2011 American action film directed by Ernie Barbarash, and starring Cuba Gooding, Jr. and Neal McDonough.	Ticking Clock	Cuba Gooding, Jr.
cast member	La Muerte de Mikel (English: The Death of Mikel) is a 1984 Spanish film directed by Imanol Uribe, starring Imanol Arias.	La Muerte de Mikel	Imanol Arias
cast member	You Gotta Stay Happy is a 1948 Universal-International romantic-comedy starring James Stewart, Joan Fontaine and Eddie Albert, and directed by H. C. Potter.	You Gotta Stay Happy	James Stewart	Joan Fontaine	Eddie Albert
cast member	The Highest Bid is a 1916 American silent drama film directed by and starring William Russell and Charlotte Burton.	The Highest Bid	Charlotte Burton
cast member	Silent Night, Zombie Night is a horror film written and directed by Sean Cain which stars Vernon Wells, Felissa Rose and Lew Temple.	Silent Night, Zombie Night	Vernon Wells	Felissa Rose	Lew Temple
cast member	Rajapart Rangadurai (English: Rangadurai in King's Attire) is a 1973 Tamil Drama Film directed by P.Mathavan and stars Sivaji Ganesan and Ushanandini.	Rajapart Rangadurai	Sivaji Ganesan
cast member	Any Bonds Today? is also one of five cartoons featuring the Elmer Fudd modeled after his voice actor, Arthur Q. Bryan, which is fatter than the popular incarnation.	Any Bonds Today?	Arthur Q. Bryan
cast member	The Wicked Dreams of Paula Schultz is a 1968 DeLuxe Color (Deluxe Entertainment Services Group) American comedy film directed by George Marshall and starring Elke Sommer, Bob Crane, Werner Klemperer and Leon Askin.	The Wicked Dreams of Paula Schultz	Elke Sommer	Bob Crane	Werner Klemperer
cast member	Do Qaidi is a 1989 Bollywood film directed by Ajay Kashyap starring Govinda, Sanjay Dutt, Farah and Neelam Kothari.	Do Qaidi	Govinda	Sanjay Dutt	Farah	Neelam Kothari
cast member	Revolt of the Zombies is a 1936 American horror film directed and produced by the Halperin Brothers which stars Dean Jagger and Dorothy Stone.	Revolt of the Zombies	Dean Jagger
cast member	The Black Windmill is a 1974 British spy thriller directed by Don Siegel and starring Michael Caine, John Vernon, Janet Suzman and Donald Pleasence.	The Black Windmill	Michael Caine	John Vernon	Janet Suzman	Donald Pleasence
cast member	Jonny Vang (Aksel Hennie) lives on the Norwegian countryside, where he is trying to establish a business breeding earthworms.	Jonny Vang	Aksel Hennie
cast member	Sanju Aau Sanjana (Odia: ସଂଜୁ ଆଉ ସଂଜନା) is a 2010 Oriya film screenplay & directed by Ashok Pati with dialogue by Rajani Ranjan, produced by Lutu Mohanty, and starring Babushaan, Parijaat, and Mihir Das.	Sanju Aau Sanjana	Babushaan	Mihir Das
cast member	Kandisha is a 2008 Moroccan horror film directed by Jerome Cohen-Olivar, starring Amira Casar, David Carradine, Hiamm Abbass, Michael Cohen, Saïd Taghmaoui, Mourad Zaoui, Hiam Abbass and Assaad Bouab.	Kandisha	Amira Casar	David Carradine	Michael Cohen	Saïd Taghmaoui	Mourad Zaoui	Hiam Abbass	Assaad Bouab
cast member	The Forbidden City is a 1918 American silent film starring Norma Talmadge and Thomas Meighan and directed by Sidney Franklin.	The Forbidden City	Norma Talmadge	Thomas Meighan
cast member	Simon of the Desert is the third (after Viridiana and The Exterminating Angel) of three movies that Buñuel had made starring Claudio Brook and Silvia Pinal and produced by her then-husband Gustavo Alatriste.	Simon of the Desert	Claudio Brook	Silvia Pinal
cast member	Ladies They Talk About is a 1933 Pre-Code American crime drama directed by Howard Bretherton and William Keighley, and starring Barbara Stanwyck, Preston Foster, and Lyle Talbot.	Ladies They Talk About	Barbara Stanwyck	Preston Foster	Lyle Talbot
cast member	Little Nikita is a 1988 American cult drama film directed by Richard Benjamin and starring River Phoenix and Sidney Poitier.	Little Nikita	River Phoenix	Sidney Poitier
cast member	The Wild Angels was made three years before Easy Rider and was the first film to associate actor Peter Fonda with Harley-Davidson motorcycles and 1960s counterculture.	The Wild Angels	Peter Fonda
cast member	Simone Signoret as Marie 'Casque d'Or' Serge Reggiani as Georges Manda Claude Dauphin as Félix Leca Raymond Bussières as Raymond Odette Barencey as La mère d'Eugène Loleh Bellon as Léonie Danard William Sabatier as Roland	Casque d'Or	Claude Dauphin	Raymond Bussières	Odette Barencey	Loleh Bellon	William Sabatier
cast member	Guest in the House (re-release title Satan in Skirts) is a 1944 American film noir directed by John Brahm starring Anne Baxter and Ralph Bellamy.	Guest in the House	Anne Baxter	Ralph Bellamy
cast member	With Byrd at the South Pole (1930) is a documentary film about Rear Admiral Richard E. Byrd and his 1st quest to the South Pole beginning at the Little America-Exploration Base.	With Byrd at the South Pole	Richard E. Byrd
cast member	Emmanuelle 2 is a 1975 French softcore erotica film directed by Francis Giacobetti, and starring Sylvia Kristel.	Emmanuelle 2	Sylvia Kristel
cast member	Nirbaak (English: Speechless) (2015) is an Indian Bengali Drama film directed by Srijit Mukherji, starring Sushmita Sen, Jisshu Sengupta, Ritwick Chakraborty and Anjan Dutt.	Nirbaak	Sushmita Sen
cast member	Tony Curtis as Rene de Traviere / The Purple Mask Colleen Miller as Laurette de Latour Angela Lansbury as Madame Valentine Gene Barry as Capt. Charles Laverne Allison Hayes as Irene de Bournotte John Hoyt as Rochet Dan O'Herlihy as Brisquet Robert Cornthwaite as Napoleon	The Purple Mask	Angela Lansbury	Gene Barry	John Hoyt	Dan O'Herlihy	Robert Cornthwaite
cast member	Immediate Call (French:Rappel immédiat) is a 1939 French comedy drama film directed by Léon Mathot and starring Mireille Balin, Roger Duchesne and Bernard Lancret.	Immediate Call	Mireille Balin	Roger Duchesne	Bernard Lancret
cast member	Mr. Imperium (UK title: You Belong to My Heart) is a 1951 romantic musical drama film made by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, starring Lana Turner and singer Ezio Pinza.	Mr. Imperium	Lana Turner	Ezio Pinza
cast member	Fat, Sick and Nearly Dead is a 2010 American documentary film which follows the 60-day journey of Australian Joe Cross across the United States as he follows a juice fast to regain his health under the care of Dr. Joel Fuhrman, Nutrition Research Foundation's Director of Research.	Fat, Sick and Nearly Dead	Joel Fuhrman
cast member	The Shriek of Araby is a 1923 American silent film comedy starring Ben Turpin and directed by F. Richard Jones for producer Mack Sennett, who also wrote the screenplay.	The Shriek of Araby	Ben Turpin
cast member	The Royal Tailor (Hangul: 상의원; RR: Sanguiwon) is a 2014 South Korean period film directed by Lee Won-suk, and starring Han Suk-kyu, Go Soo, Park Shin-hye, and Yoo Yeon-seok.	The Royal Tailor	Han Suk-kyu
cast member	White Comanche or Comanche blanco or Rio Honcho is a 1968 paella western starring William Shatner in two roles.	White Comanche	William Shatner
cast member	Ariel Mateluna as Pedro Machuca Matías Quer as Gonzalo Infante Manuela Martelli as Silvana Ernesto Malbran as Father McEnroe Aline Küppenheim as María Luisa Infante Federico Luppi as Roberto Ochagavía Hillary Rodham Clinton served as an Assistant Producer of the Film.	Machuca	Ariel Mateluna	Matías Quer	Manuela Martelli	Aline Küppenheim	Federico Luppi
cast member	Slattery's Hurricane is a 1949 drama film directed by André De Toth starring Richard Widmark, Linda Darnell and Veronica Lake.	Slattery's Hurricane	Richard Widmark	Linda Darnell	Veronica Lake
cast member	Swapna Sanchari ( Malayalam: സ്വപ്ന സഞ്ചാരി ; English:Dream Traveller) is a 2011 Malayalam comedy drama film directed by Kamal, starring Jayaram and Samvrutha Sunil in the lead roles.	Swapna Sanchari	Jayaram
cast member	Reilly Greg Walker as The January Man Malachy McCourt as Hob Errol Slue as Chief Sunday Warren Davis as Bill Tandy Cronyn as Lana Pico Billie Neal as Gwen Gerard Parkes as Rev. Drew	The January Man	Greg Walker
cast member	The Automobile Thieves is an American crime-drama silent film directed by J. Stuart Blackton.	The Automobile Thieves	J. Stuart Blackton
cast member	``The Brady Bunch Hour was incredibly bad,'' Barry Williams once wrote, ``but even more incredible was the fact that Robert Reed (who you'd expect would be foaming at the mouth about this mess) really enjoyed being on it.''	The Brady Bunch Hour	Barry Williams
cast member	Flying Leathernecks is a 1951 Technicolor action war film directed by Nicholas Ray, produced by Edmund Grainger, (who had produced Sands of Iwo Jima) and starring John Wayne and Robert Ryan.	Flying Leathernecks	John Wayne	Robert Ryan
cast member	The Big Land is a 1957 Warnercolor Western directed by Gordon Douglas and starring Alan Ladd.	The Big Land	Alan Ladd
cast member	Ron Lester as Spatch, the head fry cook of Good Burger.	Good Burger	Ron Lester
cast member	Tears in the Rain is a 1988 television movie directed by Don Sharp (his final film) and starring Sharon Stone and Christopher Cazenove.	Tears in the Rain	Sharon Stone	Christopher Cazenove
cast member	Road to Singapore is a 1940 American comedy film directed by Victor Schertzinger and starring Bing Crosby, Dorothy Lamour and Bob Hope.	Road to Singapore	Bing Crosby	Dorothy Lamour	Bob Hope
cast member	Sake-Bomb is a 2013 film directed by Junya Sakino, written by Jeff Mizushima, and starring Gaku Hamada and Eugene Kim as cousins who embark on a road trip in California.	Sake-Bomb	Gaku Hamada
cast member	Padayottam (Malayalam: പടയോട്ടം) is a 1982 Indian Malayalam language epic film film directed by Jijo Punnoose, produced by Navodaya Appachan, and starring Prem Nazir, Madhu, Mammootty, Mohanlal and Shankar.	Padayottam	Prem Nazir	Madhu	Mammootty	Mohanlal
cast member	Naked Ambition 2, also known as 3D Naked Ambition (Chinese: 3D豪情), is a 2014 Hong Kong 3D sex comedy film directed by Lee Kung-lok and starring Chapman To and Josie Ho.	Naked Ambition 2	Chapman To
child	In Euripides' play Ion, Apollo fathered Ion by Creusa, wife of Xuthus.	Apollo	Ion
conflict	Christopher, Count of Oldenburg (Christoffer; c. 1504 -- 4 August 1566) was German count and regent in Eastern Denmark during the Count's War (or The Count's Feud), 1534--36, which was named after him.	Christopher, Count of Oldenburg	Count's Feud
conflict	Henry Shaw Briggs (August 1, 1824 -- September 23, 1887) was brigadier general in the Union Army during the American Civil War.	Henry Shaw Briggs	American Civil War
conflict	François Watrin (born 29 January 1772 in Beauvais; died 22 November 1802 in Port-au-Prince) was a French infantry commander during the French Revolutionary Wars.	François Watrin	French Revolutionary Wars
conflict	Sidney Burbank (October 1807 -- December 7, 1882) served as an officer in the regular army before and during the American Civil War.	Sidney Burbank	American Civil War
conflict	Louis Marie Turreau (4 July 1756, Évreux, Eure -- 10 December 1816, Conches), also known as Turreau de Garambouville or Turreau de Linières, was a French general officer of the French Revolutionary Wars.	Louis Marie Turreau	French Revolutionary Wars
conflict	The Hollister brothers were three sailors in the United States Navy during World War II, who were killed in 1943.	Hollister brothers	World War II
conflict	Karl Fleige (5 September 1905 in Hildesheim -- 16 December 1975 in Erzhausen) was a German U-boat commander in World War II and recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross (German: Ritterkreuz des Eisernen Kreuzes).	Karl Fleige	World War II
conflict	D. Pedro de Almeida Portugal, 3rd Marquis of Alorna (16 January 1754 -- 2 January 1813) was a Portuguese general who served in the French Army during the Napoleonic Wars.	Pedro de Almeida Portugal, 3rd Marquis of Alorna	Napoleonic Wars
conflict	William Kelly Harrison, Jr. (1895 -- May 29, 1987) was a lieutenant general in the United States Army, and the head of the United Nations Command armistice delegation in the Korean War.	William Kelly Harrison, Jr.	Korean War
conflict	Squadron Leader Geoffrey Wellum DFC (born 4 August 1921), is a British Battle of Britain fighter pilot and author.	Geoffrey Wellum	Battle of Britain
conflict	William Carleton Watts (February 18, 1880--January 5, 1956) was a rear admiral in the United States Navy, who served in the Spanish-- American War, World War I, and World War II.	William Carleton Watts	Spanish-- American War
conflict	Jean-Marie Defrance (1771--1855) was a French General of the French Revolutionary Wars and the Napoleonic Wars.	Jean-Marie Defrance	Napoleonic Wars
conflict	Emilio Mola y Vidal, 1st Duke of Mola, Grandee of Spain (June 9, 1887 -- June 3, 1937) was a Spanish Nationalist commander during the Spanish Civil War.	Emilio Mola	Spanish Civil War
conflict	Lieutenant-General Harry Trelawny (1726 -- 28 January 1800) was a British Army officer who served with the Coldstream Guards during the American Revolutionary War.	Harry Trelawny	American Revolutionary War
conflict	Oloff Smith (born 1833, date of death unknown) was a Union Navy sailor in the American Civil War and a recipient of the U.S. military's highest decoration, the Medal of Honor, for his actions at the Battle of Mobile Bay.	Oloff Smith	American Civil War
conflict	Lieutenant-General Otto Karl Lorenz von Pirch or Pirch II (23 May 1765 in Stettin in Pomerania -- 26 May 1824 in Berlin) was a Prussian officer who fought in the Napoleonic Wars.	Pirch II	Napoleonic Wars
conflict	Cuvier Grover (July 24, 1828 -- June 6, 1885) was a career officer in the United States Army and a general in the Union Army during the American Civil War.	Cuvier Grover	American Civil War
conflict	Albert Vadas (March 26, 1876 -- October 3, 1946) was a seaman of Croatian descent serving in the United States Navy during the Spanish-- American War who received the Medal of Honor for bravery.	Albert Vadas	Spanish-- American War
conflict	Sous-Lieutenant François Portron was a World War I flying ace credited with five aerial victories.	François Portron	World War I
conflict	Daniel Chaplin (January 22, 1820 -- August 20, 1864) was a Union army officer in the American Civil War.	Daniel Chaplin	American Civil War
conflict	Michel Ney (French pronunciation: ​(miʃɛl ˈnɛ)), 1st Duc d'Elchingen, 1st Prince de la Moskowa (10 January 1769 -- 7 December 1815), popularly known as Marshal Ney, was a French soldier and military commander during the French Revolutionary Wars and the Napoleonic Wars.	Michel Ney	Napoleonic Wars
conflict	Martin Blumenson (8 November 1918--15 April 2005) was an American military historian who served as a historical officer with the Third and Seventh Armies in World War II and later became a prolific author.	Martin Blumenson	World War II
conflict	Horst Gresiak (17 February 1920 -- 22 February 1995) was an Obersturmführer (First Lieutenant), in the Waffen SS during World War II who was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross.	Horst Gresiak	World War II
conflict	Major-General Robert McDouall, CB (March, 1774 -- 15 November 1848) was a Scottish-born officer in the British Army, who saw much action during the Napoleonic Wars and the Anglo-American War of 1812.	Robert McDouall	Napoleonic Wars	War of 1812
conflict	Mario Nicolis di Robilant (Torino, 28 April 1855 - Roma, 23 July 1943) was an Italian General of the Kingdom of Italy who actively participated in the World War I, mostly at the head of the Fourth Italian Army.	Mario Nicolis di Robilant	World War I
conflict	The Occupation of Lima by the Chilean Army was an event that happened during the War of the Pacific between 1881 and 1883.	Occupation of Lima	War of the Pacific
conflict	George Lafayette Beal (May 21, 1825 -- December 11, 1896) was an American politician from the state of Maine who served in the Union Army during the American Civil War.	George Lafayette Beal	American Civil War
conflict	Lieutenant-General Robert Ballard Long (4 April 1771 -- 2 March 1825) was an officer of the British and Hanoverian Armies who despite extensive service during the French Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars never managed to achieve high command due to his abrasive manner with his superiors and his alleged tactical ineptitude.	Robert Ballard Long	Napoleonic Wars
conflict	Richard Wickes (died June 29, 1776) was an officer in the Continental Navy during the American Revolutionary War.	Richard Wickes	American Revolutionary War
conflict	José María Siurob Ramírez y Gutiérrez better known as José Siurob Ramírez (Querétaro, November 6, 1886 - Mexico City, November 5, 1965) was a Mexican military general who participated in the Mexican Revolution.	José Siurob	Mexican Revolution
conflict	USS Horace Beals (1862) was a barkentine acquired by the Union Navy during the American Civil War.	USS Horace Beals (1862)	American Civil War
conflict	John F. Bickford (March 12, 1843 -- April 28, 1927) received the Medal of Honor in the American Civil War.	John F. Bickford	American Civil War
conflict	Viscount Nicolas-François Roussel d'Hurbal (1763--1849), was a French soldier during the French Revolutionary Wars and Napoleonic Wars.	Nicolas-François Roussel d'Hurbal	French Revolutionary Wars	Napoleonic Wars
conflict	Major Alwin Boerst (born 20 October 1910 in Osterode -- Killed in action 30 March 1944 near Iaşi) was a German World War II Luftwaffe Stuka ace.	Alwin Boerst	World War II
conflict	Mohamed Harbi (born 1933) is an Algerian historian who was a member of the FLN during the Algerian War of Independence.	Mohamed Harbi	Algerian War
conflict	Edmé-Martin Vandermaesen (Versailles, November 11, 1767 - September 1, 1813; also spelled Vander Maesen) was a French general of the French Revolutionary Wars and the Napoleonic Wars.	Edmé-Martin Vandermaesen	Napoleonic Wars
conflict	Hansgeorg Bätcher (13 January 1914 -- 23 April 2003) was a highly decorated Oberstleutnant bomber pilot in the Luftwaffe during World War II, and one of only 882 recipients of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves.	Hansgeorg Bätcher	World War II
conflict	Juan Picasso González (Málaga, 22 August 1857 -- Madrid, 5 April 1935) was a Spanish military man and general who participated in the Rif War with the Spanish Army of Africa in late 19th century and early 20th century.	Juan Picasso González	Rif War
conflict	Louis-Michel Letort de Lorville (29 August 1773 - 17 June 1815) was a French general of the Napoleonic Wars.	Louis-Michel Letort de Lorville	Napoleonic Wars
conflict	A Novel of the First World War is a novel of World War I and especially the flying aces such as Oswald Boelcke.	Oswald Boelcke	World War I
conflict	Lieutenant-Colonel Maximilien Globensky (15 April 1793 -- 16 June 1866) was a French-Canadian who fought for the British in the War of 1812 and for the loyalists in the Rebellions of 1837.	Maximilien Globensky	War of 1812
conflict	Stamatis Krestenitis (Greek: Σταμάτης Κρεστενίτης) was a Greek revolutionary leader during the Greek War of Independence.	Stamatis Krestenitis	Greek War of Independence
conflict	Sir Felim O'Neill of Kinard (died August 1653), also called Phelim MacShane O'Neill or Féilim Ó Néill (Irish), was an Irish nobleman who led the Irish Rebellion of 1641 in Ulster which began on 22 October 1641.	Felim O'Neill of Kinard	Irish Rebellion of 1641
conflict	Philip St. George Cooke (June 13, 1809 -- March 20, 1895) was a career United States Army cavalry officer who served as a Union General in the American Civil War.	Philip St. George Cooke	American Civil War
conflict	Georgios Mitzou or Mitsou (Greek: Γεώργιος Μήτζου, Γεώργιος Μήτσου) was a Greek revolutionary leader during the Greek War of Independence.	Georgios Mitzou	Greek War of Independence
constellation	HD 16175 is a 7th magnitude G-type star with temperature about 6000 K located approximately 189 light-years away in the Andromeda constellation.	HD 16175	Andromeda
continent	Grass Bluff (85°35′S 177°14′W) is a wedge-shaped rock bluff 4 nautical miles (7 km) northwest of Fluted Peak, in the southern part of the Roberts Massif, Antarctica.	Grass Bluff	Antarctica
continent	Surgeon Island is the largest of the Lyall Islands, lying 4 miles east-southeast of Cape Hooker off the northern coast of Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Surgeon Island	Antarctica
continent	The Axel Heiberg Glacier in Antarctica is a valley glacier, 48 km (30 mi) long, descending from the high elevations of the Antarctic Plateau into the Ross Ice Shelf (nearly at sea level) between the Herbert Range and Mount Don Pedro Christophersen in the Queen Maud Mountains.	Axel Heiberg Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Martins Head (62°11′S 58°14′W) is a prominent headland forming the south side of the entrance to Legru Bay on the south coast of King George Island, in the South Shetland Islands of Antarctica.	Martins Head	Antarctica
continent	Mount Heer (73°18′S 62°58′W) is a mountain on the south side of Haines Glacier, 3 nautical miles (6 km) north of Mount Barkow, in Palmer Land, Antarctica.	Mount Heer	Antarctica
continent	Wignall Peak (70°24′S 66°24′E) is a small peak just west of Mount McCarthy in the eastern part of the Porthos Range, Prince Charles Mountains, Antarctica.	Wignall Peak	Antarctica
continent	Exodus Valley (79°50′S 156°18′E) is a steep moraine-filled valley which descends northward from Midnight Plateau between Colosseum Ridge and Exodus Glacier, in the Darwin Mountains of Antarctica.	Exodus Valley	Antarctica
continent	Mount Moulton is a broad, ice-covered shield volcano standing 16 km (10 mi) E of Mount Berlin in the Flood Range, Marie Byrd Land, Antarctica.	Mount Moulton	Antarctica
continent	St. Ivan Rilski Col (Rid Sv. Ivan Rilski \'rid sve-'ti i-'van 'ril-ski\) is an ice-covered col linking the Great Needle Peak (Falsa Aguja Peak) and Levski Peak in Levski Ridge, Tangra Mountains, eastern Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica.	St. Ivan Rilski Col	Antarctica
continent	President Beaches is a series of beaches which extend for 6 nautical miles (11 km) along the broad western end of Byers Peninsula, Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica between Start Point to the north and Devils Point to the south.	President Beaches	Antarctica
continent	Lively Point (65°52′S 66°11′W) is a point forming the southern extremity of Renaud Island in the Biscoe Islands of Antarctica.	Lively Point	Antarctica
continent	Gulliver Nunatak (66°12′S 62°40′W) is a nunatak with a flat, ice-free summit, 575 metres (1,890 ft) high, at the north side of Adie Inlet, on the east coast of Graham Land, Antarctica.	Gulliver Nunatak	Antarctica
continent	Houle Island is a low rocky island 2 kilometres (1 nmi) west of Ressac Island and about 6 kilometres (3.5 nmi) north-northeast of Zelee Glacier Tongue, Antarctica.	Houle Island	Antarctica
continent	Everett Spur (71°5′S 164°30′E) is a prominent rock spur which marks the northwest end of the Everett Range and the junction of Ebbe Glacier with Lillie Glacier, Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Everett Spur	Antarctica
continent	Mount Woods is a bare, ridge-like mountain in Antarctica, 1,170 m, standing 4.5 nautical miles (8 km) northeast of O'Connell Nunatak in Anderson Hills in central Patuxent Range, Pensacola Mountains.	Mount Woods	Antarctica
continent	The Johansen Islands are a group of small, low, partly snow-free islands lying within Lazarev Bay and Wilkins Sound, 22 kilometres (12 nmi) west-northwest of Cape Vostok, at the northwest end of Alexander Island, Antarctica.	Johansen Islands	Antarctica
continent	Mount Marks (78°47′S 160°35′E) is a broad ice-covered mountain rising to 2,600 metres (8,500 ft) 5 nautical miles (9 km) north-northwest of Mount Speyer in the Worcester Range of Antarctica.	Mount Marks	Antarctica
continent	Harrigan Hill (66°19′S 110°29′E) is a rocky hill in the northwest part of Mitchell Peninsula, just east of Pidgeon Island of the Windmill Islands, Antarctica.	Harrigan Hill	Antarctica
continent	Fraser Nunatak (81°47′S 155°55′E) is a nunatak rising to 2,070 metres (6,800 ft), 22 kilometres (14 mi) south west of the Wilhoite Nunataks and west of the Churchill Mountains in Antarctica.	Fraser Nunatak	Antarctica
continent	The Hutcheson Nunataks (76°17′S 143°27′W) are a small group of nunataks along the north side of Balchen Glacier, about midway between the Phillips Mountains and Abele Nunatak, in Marie Byrd Land, Antarctica.	Hutcheson Nunataks	Antarctica
continent	The Kelmelis Hills (77°59′S 163°35′E) are a group of hills rising to 1,070 metres (3,500 ft) between the Brodie Ponds and Joyce Glacier, situated midway up the Blue Glacier on its east margin, in Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Kelmelis Hills	Antarctica
continent	Madigan Nunatak (67°9′S 143°21′E) is an isolated nunatak that rises above the continental ice 18 nautical miles (33 km) south of Cape Gray, Antarctica.	Madigan Nunatak	Antarctica
continent	Mount Goodman (75°14′S 72°14′W) is a mountain marking the northeastern extremity of the Behrendt Mountains, in Ellsworth Land, Antarctica.	Mount Goodman	Antarctica
continent	Vihren Peak is a sharp peak rising to about 1150 m in Levski Ridge of the Tangra Mountains, eastern Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica overlooking Devnya Valley and Huron Glacier to the north-northwest, and Magura Glacier to the southeast.	Vihren Peak	Antarctica
continent	June Island is an island in the Debenham Islands lying close southwest of Audrey Island, off the west coast of Graham Land, Antarctica.	June Island	Antarctica
continent	Hall Ridge (70°42′S 63°12′W) is a low, snow-covered ridge 5 nautical miles (9 km) south of the Eland Mountains in Palmer Land, Antarctica.	Hall Ridge	Antarctica
continent	Henson Glacier (64°6′S 60°11′W) is a glacier flowing northward from the Detroit Plateau in Graham Land, Antarctica, and merging with Wright Ice Piedmont about 2 nautical miles (4 km) southwest of Hargrave Hill.	Henson Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Meier Peak (71°51′S 168°40′E) is a peak rising to 3,450 metres (11,320 ft) at the south side of the head of Ironside Glacier, 4 nautical miles (7 km) south-southwest of Mount Minto, in the Admiralty Mountains of Antarctica.	Meier Peak	Antarctica
continent	Jeffery Head (74°33′S 111°54′W) is a conspicuous, rock bluff, or headland, standing 4 nautical miles (7 km) south of Brush Glacier on the west side of Bear Peninsula, on the Walgreen Coast of Marie Byrd Land, Antarctica.	Jeffery Head	Antarctica
continent	Guest Peninsula is a snow-covered peninsula about 45 miles (70 km) long between the Sulzberger Ice Shelf and Block Bay in the northwest part of Marie Byrd Land, Antarctica.	Guest Peninsula	Antarctica
continent	Spanish Knoll (Halm Española \'h&lm e-spa-'nyo-la\) has a highest point of elevation 48 m located on Bulgarian Beach on Hurd Peninsula, eastern Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica.	Spanish Knoll	Antarctica
continent	Don Juan Pond, also called Don Juan, is a small and very shallow hypersaline lake in the west end of Wright Valley (South Fork), Victoria Land, Antarctica, 9 kilometres (5.6 mi) west from Lake Vanda.	Don Juan Pond	Antarctica
continent	The Léonie Islands are a group of small islands lying in the entrance to Ryder Bay along the southeast side of Adelaide Island, Antarctica.	Léonie Islands	Antarctica
continent	Cape Mawson (69°59′S 74°40′W) is a low, ice-covered cape forming the southeastern extremity of Charcot Island, Antarctica.	Cape Mawson	Antarctica
continent	Davies Escarpment is an east-facing ice escarpment over 10 nautical miles (19 km) long, located southward of Bermel Escarpment in the southern part of the Thiel Mountains of Antarctica.	Davies Escarpment	Antarctica
continent	Clark Peninsula is a rocky peninsula, about 3 km (2 mi) long and wide, lying 5 km north-east of Australia's Casey Station at the north side of Newcomb Bay on the Budd Coast of Wilkes Land in Antarctica.	Clark Peninsula	Antarctica
continent	Mount Krüger, or Krügerfjellet (German: Krügerberg), is a 2,655-metre (8,710 ft) mountain standing 8 nautical miles (15 km) southwest of Kvithø Peak in the Sverdrup Mountains of Queen Maud Land, Antarctica.	Mount Krüger	Antarctica
continent	Marian Cove (62°13′S 58°48′W) is a cove indenting the southwest part of King George Island between Collins Harbour and Potter Cove, in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica.	Marian Cove	Antarctica
continent	Veregava Ridge (Bulgarian: хребет Верегава, ``Hrebet Veregava'' \'hre-bet ve-re-'ga-va\) is the ridge rising to 3100 m at Mount Waldron and including Kushla Peak, Sipey Peak and Parangalitsa Peak, in the northeast foothills of Vinson Massif in Sentinel Range, Ellsworth Mountains in Antarctica.	Veregava Ridge	Antarctica
continent	The Amery Ice Shelf (69°45′S 71°0′E) is a broad ice shelf in Antarctica at the head of Prydz Bay between the Lars Christensen Coast and Ingrid Christensen Coast.	Amery Ice Shelf	Antarctica
continent	Mount Andrus is a shield volcano 3.2 km (2 mi) SE of Mount Boennighausen in the SE extremity of Ames Range, in Marie Byrd Land, Antarctica.	Mount Andrus	Antarctica
continent	Sentinel Nunatak (64°46′S 60°44′W) is a high, black, pyramid-shaped nunatak at the mouth of Drygalski Glacier, on Nordenskjöld Coast in Graham Land, Antarctica.	Sentinel Nunatak	Antarctica
continent	Whiteside Hill (65°8′S 61°38′W) is an ice-covered hill rising to 330 m on Blagoevgrad Peninsula on the east coast of Graham Land, Antarctica.	Whiteside Hill	Antarctica
continent	Kresna Gully (Kresnenska Padina \'kre-snen-ska pa-'di-na\) is a heavily crevassed depression in Perunika Glacier extending 2.25 km westwards from Rezen Knoll in eastern Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica.	Kresna Gully	Antarctica
continent	Brook Glacier (78°42′S 85°09′W) is a glacier that flows westward between Mount Strybing, Mount Allen and Krusha Peak on the west side of Owen Ridge in southern Sentinel Range, Ellsworth Mountains in Antarctica, and joins Bender Glacier east of Chaplin Peak.	Brook Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Horowitz Ridge (77°37′S 162°6′E) is a rock ridge between David Valley and King Valley in the Asgard Range of Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Horowitz Ridge	Antarctica
continent	Forbes Point is a point forming the east side of the entrance to Lester Cove, Andvord Bay, on the west coast of Graham Land, Antarctica.	Forbes Point	Antarctica
continent	The Queen Alexandra Range is a major mountain range in East Antarctica, about 160 km (100 mi) long, bordering the entire western side of Beardmore Glacier from the Polar Plateau to the Ross Ice Shelf.	Queen Alexandra Range	Antarctica
continent	Kazanskaya Mountain (71°58′S 13°15′E) is a mountain, 2,690 metres (8,830 ft) high, forming the northern end of Snøskalkegga Ridge in the Weyprecht Mountains of Queen Maud Land, Antarctica.	Kazanskaya Mountain	Antarctica
continent	Backdoor Bay is a small bay lying at the east side of Cape Royds, along the west side of Ross Island, Antarctica.	Backdoor Bay	Antarctica
continent	Maria Creek (77°37′S 163°3′E) is a glacial meltwater stream 0.5 nautical miles (1 km) long, which flows from the snout of Canada Glacier in Taylor Valley, Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Maria Creek	Antarctica
continent	Suffield Point is the south-west entrance point of Norma Cove, Fildes Peninsula, on King George Island in the South Shetland Islands of Antarctica.	Suffield Point	Antarctica
continent	Japan (i/dʒəˈpæn/; Japanese: 日本 Nippon (nip̚põ̞ɴ) or Nihon (nihõ̞ɴ); formally 日本国 Nippon-koku or Nihon-koku, ``State of Japan'') is an island country in East Asia.	Japan	Asia
continent	Williams Field or Willy Field (ICAO: NZWD) is a United States Antarctic Program airfield in Antarctica.	Williams Field	Antarctica
continent	Glashaugen Hill (72°12′S 27°24′E) is a small rocky hill 2 nautical miles (4 km) north of the Bleikskoltane Rocks, near the head of Byrdbreen in the Sør Rondane Mountains of Antarctica.	Glashaugen Hill	Antarctica
continent	Blank Peaks is a cluster of ice-free peaks occupying the isolated ridge between Bartrum and Foggydog Glaciers in the Brown Hills of Antarctica.	Blank Peaks	Antarctica
continent	Mount Gardner (78°23′S 86°2′W) is a mountain, 4,685 metres (15,370 ft) high, standing 1.5 nautical miles (3 km) west of Mount Tyree in the west-central part of the Sentinel Range, in the Ellsworth Mountains of Antarctica.	Mount Gardner	Antarctica
continent	Yambol Peak (Vrah Yambol \'vr&h 'yam-bol\) is a rocky peak rising to 300 m in the south extremity of Friesland Ridge, Tangra Mountains on Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica and overlooking Tarnovo Ice Piedmont to the west and Prespa Glacier to the northeast.	Yambol Peak	Antarctica
continent	Mount Wanous is a prominent, bare, conical mountain, 1,660 m, standing 4.5 nautical miles (8 km) east of Pierce Peak at the northeast edge of Mackin Table in the Patuxent Range, Pensacola Mountains, Antarctica.	Mount Wanous	Antarctica
continent	Pieck Range (71°45′S 12°6′E) is a short mountain range surmounted by Zwiesel Mountain, located at the east side of Humboldt Graben in the Petermann Ranges, Wohlthat Mountains in Antarctica.	Pieck Range	Antarctica
continent	Vratsa Peak (Vrah Vratsa \'vr&h 'vra-tsa\) is a sharp rocky peak rising to 470 m in Breznik Heights, Greenwich Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica surmounting Musala Glacier to the northeast and Targovishte Glacier to the southwest and south.	Vratsa Peak	Antarctica
continent	Lamb Point (73°41′S 60°48′W) is a low, ice-covered point forming the south side of the entrance to Howkins Inlet, on the east coast of Palmer Land, Antarctica.	Lamb Point	Antarctica
continent	Mount Loewe (70°32′S 67°43′E) is the most northerly of the Amery Peaks, rising to 1,130 metres (3,700 ft) 6 nautical miles (11 km) northeast of Mount Seaton in the eastern Aramis Range of the Prince Charles Mountains, Antarctica.	Mount Loewe	Antarctica
continent	Dreatin Glacier (Bulgarian: ледник Дреатин, ``Lednik Dreatin'' \'led-nik dre-a-'tin\) is the 12 km long and 7.5 km wide glacier on the northeast side of Detroit Plateau on Trinity Peninsula in Graham Land, Antarctica.	Dreatin Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Hill Glacier (73°3′S 75°40′W) is a broad glacier that drains the west-central part of Spaatz Island, Antarctica, at the south side of Ronne Entrance.	Hill Glacier	Antarctica
continent	De Camp Nunatak (72°16′S 160°22′E) is a lone nunatak standing 3 nautical miles (6 km) southeast of Welcome Mountain in the Outback Nunataks, Victoria Land, Antarctica.	De Camp Nunatak	Antarctica
continent	MacKenzie Bay is a relatively small embayment of the western extremity of the Amery Ice Shelf, Antarctica, about 20 nautical miles (37 km) northeast of Foley Promontory.	MacKenzie Bay	Antarctica
continent	The Lazarev Mountains (69°32′S 157°20′E) are a chain of mountains in Antarctica.	Lazarev Mountains	Antarctica
continent	Greben' Island is a small island lying close north of the east end of Haswell Island in the Haswell Islands of Antarctica.	Greben' Island	Antarctica
continent	Morris Head (74°54′S 134°50′W) is an ice-covered headland marking the seaward end of Hagey Ridge and the northeastern extremity of the McDonald Heights, on the coast of Marie Byrd Land, Antarctica.	Morris Head	Antarctica
continent	Mount Lloyd (83°13′S 165°44′E) is a mountain in the Holland Range, Antarctica, standing 3,210 metres (10,530 ft) high north of the head of Hewitt Glacier, 7 nautical miles (13 km) north of Mount Miller.	Mount Lloyd	Antarctica
continent	Port Martin, or Port-Martin, is an abandoned French research base at Cape Margerie on the coast of Adélie Land, Antarctica, as well as the name of the adjacent anchorage.	Port Martin	Antarctica
continent	The Santa Marta Formation is a geologic formation in Antarctica.	Santa Marta Formation	Antarctica
continent	Haddon Bay is a bay lying immediately east of Mount Alexander along the south coast of Joinville Island, Antarctica.	Haddon Bay	Antarctica
continent	Hilton Inlet (71°57′S 61°20′W) is an ice-filled inlet, 22 kilometres (12 nmi) wide, which recedes about 41 kilometres (22 nmi) west from its entrance between Cape Darlington and Cape Knowles, along the east coast of Palmer Land, Antarctica.	Hilton Inlet	Antarctica
continent	Håhellerskarvet, meaning ``shark cave mountain'' in Norwegian, is a 2,910 metres (9,550 ft) high partially ice-covered mountain between Austreskorve Glacier and Lunde Glacier in the Mühlig-Hofmann Mountains of Queen Maud Land, East Antarctica.	Håhellerskarvet	Antarctica
continent	Basecamp Valley is a small ice-filled valley at the west side of Avalanche Ridge, in the Jones Mountains of Antarctica.	Basecamp Valley	Antarctica
continent	Mount Hemphill (70°59′S 165°6′E) is a snow-covered mountain that rises above 1,800 metres (5,900 ft) in the southern part of the Anare Mountains of Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Mount Hemphill	Antarctica
continent	Ogosta Point (Nos Ogosta \'nos o-'gos-ta\) is located in the central part of Zagore Beach on the east coast of False Bay, Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica.	Ogosta Point	Antarctica
continent	Gostun Point (Bulgarian: нос Гостун, ``Nos Gostun'' \'nos go-'stun\) is the ice-free point on the north coast of Snow Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica situated 2.4 km west-northwest of Karposh Point, and 2.45 km east-southeast of Cape Timblón.	Gostun Point	Antarctica
continent	Mount Pew (72°19′S 169°11′E) is a mountain (2,950 m) that surmounts the central part of the ridge separating Kelly and Towles Glaciers, in the Admiralty Mountains in Antarctica.	Mount Pew	Antarctica
continent	The Lawson Aiguilles (67°50′S 66°15′E) are a line of sharp peaks in the south part of Mount Rivett, in the Gustav Bull Mountains of Mac. Robertson Land, Antarctica.	Lawson Aiguilles	Antarctica
continent	Soholt Peaks (79°43′S 84°12′W) are a group of rugged, ice-free peaks rising between Gifford Peaks and Drake Icefall in the Heritage Range of the Ellsworth Mountains in Antarctica.	Soholt Peaks	Antarctica
continent	Istind Peak (72°6′S 2°23′W) is a partly ice-covered peak 1 mile (1.6 km) south of Tindeklypa, on the east side of Ahlmann Ridge in Queen Maud Land, Antarctica.	Istind Peak	Antarctica
continent	Sanders Nunatak is a prominent (850 m) rising above the ice of to the south of Noxon Cliff, in Asgard Range, Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Sanders Nunatak	Antarctica
continent	Anare Pass (71°13′S 166°37′E) is a broad ice-covered pass in Antarctica at 1,200 metres (3,900 ft) above sea level.	Anare Pass	Antarctica
continent	Lawrence Channel (67°21′S 67°35′W) is a marine channel in Laubeuf Fjord, running north--south between Wyatt Island and Arrowsmith Peninsula, Loubet Coast, Antarctica.	Lawrence Channel	Antarctica
continent	Lann Glacier (71°15′S 167°54′E) is a steep tributary glacier, 3 nautical miles (6 km) long, in the north end of the Admiralty Mountains of Antarctica.	Lann Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Humble Island is a small rocky island lying 0.74 km (0.4 nmi) south-east of Norsel Point in Arthur Harbour, off the south-west coast of Anvers Island in the Palmer Archipelago of Antarctica.	Humble Island	Antarctica
continent	Barber Glacier (70°26′S 162°45′E) is a glacier rising just east of Mount Bruce in the Bowers Mountains and flowing north to the coast between Stuhlinger Ice Piedmont and Rosenau Head, Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Barber Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Solis Glacier is a glacier on Greenwich Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica extending 2.8 km in southeast-northwest direction and 1.8 km in southwest-northeast direction and draining the north slopes of Breznik Heights to flow northwestwards into Yankee Harbour.	Solis Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Gap Nunatak (67°54′S 62°29′E) is a small nunatak, 1,030 metres (3,380 ft) high, standing in the center of Hordern Gap in the David Range of the Framnes Mountains, Antarctica.	Gap Nunatak	Antarctica
continent	Mount Sanderson (69°17′S 70°47′W) is a mountain rising to about 2,300 m in south Rouen Mountains, situated in the northern portion of Alexander Island, Antarctica.	Mount Sanderson	Antarctica
continent	Cape Torson (66°40′S 90°36′E) is a point at the east side of Posadowsky Bay on the coast of Antarctica.	Cape Torson	Antarctica
continent	Brusen Point (Bulgarian: нос Брусен, ``Nos Brusen'' \'nos 'bru-sen\) is the narrow rocky point projecting 200 m in north-northwest direction and forming the north extremity of Greenwich Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica.	Brusen Point	Antarctica
continent	The Longstaff Peaks (82°54′S 165°42′E) are a series of high peaks standing just west of Davidson Glacier in the north-central part of the Holland Range in Antarctica.	Longstaff Peaks	Antarctica
continent	Hadley Point (73°55′S 113°58′W) is the northeast point of Murray Foreland, Martin Peninsula, on the Bakutis Coast of Marie Byrd Land, Antarctica.	Hadley Point	Antarctica
country	Negril Aerodrome (IATA: NEG, ICAO: MKNG) is an airport serving Negril in western Jamaica.	Negril Aerodrome	Jamaica
country of citizenship	Budimir Lončar (born 1924) is a former Minister of Foreign affairs of SFR Yugoslavia.	Budimir Lončar	Yugoslavia
country of citizenship	Manuel Cisneros Sánchez was a former Prime Minister of Peru who initiated the Pradist Democratic Movement.	Manuel Cisneros Sánchez	Peru
country of citizenship	Maria de Lourdes Martins was born in Lisbon, Portugal, the daughter of Lisbon Conservatory teacher Maria Helena Martins.	Maria de Lourdes Martins	Portugal
country of citizenship	Rouzbeh Rashidi (Persian: روزبه رشیدی; born 23 December 1980 - Tehran, Iran) is an Iranian avant-garde filmmaker associated with the Remodernist film movement.	Rouzbeh Rashidi	Iran
country of citizenship	G. Muthuraj (1 July 1927 -- 21 May 2006) was a football player from Karnataka, India.	G. Muthuraj	India
country of citizenship	Columbanus (the Latinised form of Columbán, meaning the white dove) was born in the Kingdom of Meath, now part of Leinster, in Ireland in 543, the year Saint Benedict died at Monte Cassino.	Columbanus	Ireland
country of citizenship	Jakob Knudsen was born in Rødding, in the south of Denmark.	Jakob Knudsen	Denmark
country of citizenship	Gamya Wijayadasa (Sinhala:ගම්‍යා විජයදාස) is a Sri Lankan beauty pageant titleholder who won Derana Veet Miss Sri Lanka 2009 and represented Sri Lanka in Miss World 2009 on December 12, 2009 in Johannesburg, South Africa.	Gamya Wijayadasa	Sri Lanka
country of citizenship	Martin Møller (born May 18, 1980 in Næstved, Denmark) is a Danish cross-country skier from Greenland.	Martin Møller	Denmark
country of citizenship	Adolf Anier (15 August (O.S. 3 August) 1897, in Tallinn -- 27 March 1945) was an Estonian footballer, who played for Estonia.	Adolf Anier	Estonia
country of citizenship	Konrad Gehringer (4 June 1939 - 12 December 2003) was a German car mechanic and bus driver who had a one-man operation for producing electronic organs in Pforzheim, Germany.	Konrad Gehringer	Germany
country of citizenship	Born in Cuba and brought to Mexico when she was only three months old , Karla Cossío began performing very young.	Karla Cossío	Mexico
country of citizenship	Aashish Singh (born in Mumbai) heads the production at Yash Raj Films, a film studio in India.	Aashish Singh	India
country of citizenship	Manoel Carlos Gonçalves de Almeida (March 14, 1933) is a Brazilian television telenovela writer born in São Paulo, Brazil.	Manoel Carlos	Brazil
country of citizenship	Nguyễn Trường Tộ (chữ Hán: 阮長祚, 1830--1871) was a Roman Catholic scholar and reformer during the reign of Tự Đức of the Nguyễn Dynasty, the last sovereign Emperor of Vietnam under which the French colonial forces colonized the country.	Nguyễn Trường Tộ	Vietnam
country of citizenship	Martín Chambi Jiménez or Martín Chambi de Coaza, (Puno, Peru November 5, 1891 -- Cuzco, September 13, 1973) was a photographer, originally from southern Peru.	Martín Chambi	Peru
country of citizenship	Jon Brooks, originally from King City, Ontario, Canada, is a Canadian singer-songwriter.	Jon Brooks	Canada
country of citizenship	Efraín Forero Triviño (born in 1931 in Zipaquirá, in the department of Cundinamarca, Colombia) is a retired Colombian road racing cyclist.	Efraín Forero Triviño	Colombia
country of citizenship	Eli Barkai is a Professor of Physics in Bar Ilan University Ramat-Gan, Israel.	Eli Barkai	Israel
country of citizenship	Francisco de Paula León Olea (born 1951) is a musician, author, and businessman from Mexico City, Mexico.	Francisco de Paula León Olea	Mexico
country of citizenship	Paloma Bernardi (born 21 April 1985 in São Paulo, Brazil) is an actress, entrepreneur, dancer and radio presented from Brazil.	Paloma Bernardi	Brazil
country of citizenship	S. P. Udayakumar is a teacher, writer and anti-nuclear activist from Tamil Nadu, India.	S. P. Udayakumar	India
country of citizenship	Patrick Berhault is best known for popularizing sport climbing in France with his friend rock climber legend Patrick Edlinger in the late 70s and in the 80s.	Patrick Berhault	France
country of citizenship	Subhash Prasad Yadav' is a politician of the Rashtriya Janata Dal party and is a Member of the Parliament of India representing Bihar in the Rajya Sabha, the upper house of the Indian Parliament.	Subhash Prasad Yadav	India
country of citizenship	John MacBride was born at The Quay, Westport, County Mayo, Ireland, to Patrick MacBride, a shopkeeper and trader, and the former Honoria Gill, who survived her son.	John MacBride	Ireland
country of citizenship	Selvin Bonifacio Zepeda Morales (born 13 July 1981 in San Sebastián) is a Salvadoran football player who represented El Salvador at international level.	Selvin Bonifacio Zepeda	El Salvador
country of citizenship	Frank Puletua (born 8 May 1978 in Auckland, New Zealand) is a former professional rugby league footballer of the 1990s, 2000s and 2010s.	Frank Puletua	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Adil Salahuddin (born in 1944, Delhi) is Pakistan's foremost stamp designer with over 2000 stamp designs to his name.	Adil Salahuddin	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Daniel Sarabia (born 9 December 1984) in Havana, Cuba is a Cuban ballet dancer with the Maurice Béjart Ballet of Lausanne, Switzerland.	Daniel Sarabia	Cuba
country of citizenship	Albert de la Chapelle, MD, Ph.D (born 11 February 1933 in Helsinki, Finland) is a Finnish human geneticist.	Albert de la Chapelle	Finland
country of citizenship	Jean Rioux (born June 9, 1953) is an educator, businessman and Quebec politician, currently serving as the Member of Parliament for Saint-Jean as a member of the Liberal Party of Canada.	Jean Rioux	Canada
country of citizenship	Nahla Ramadan Mohamed (Arabic: نهلة رمضان; born 4 April 1985 in Alexandria, Egypt) is an Egyptian weightlifter.	Nahla Ramadan	Egypt
country of citizenship	Shote Galica (1895-1927), born as Qerime Halil Radisheva was a Kachak of the Albanian insurgent national liberation with the goal of unification of all Albanian territories, and supporting a democratic national government in Albania.	Shote Galica	Albania
country of citizenship	Atima Srivastava (born 1961 in Mumbai, India) is an author and director who lives in London.	Atima Srivastava	India
country of citizenship	Nguyễn Lữ (chữ Hán: 阮侶; 1754-1787) also called Nguyễn Văn Lữ (chữ Hán: 阮文侶) was youngest of the three Tây Sơn brothers who formed Vietnam's short-lived Tây Sơn Dynasty.	Nguyễn Lữ	Vietnam
country of citizenship	Satomi Oka (Born September 15, 1935, in Takarazuka-Shi, Hyōgo Prefecture, Japan) is a Japanese actress.	Satomi Oka	Japan
country of citizenship	Gillian Aldridge is the current mayor of the City of Salisbury, Adelaide, South Australia.	Gillian Aldridge	Australia
country of citizenship	Field Marshal Thanom Kittikachorn (Thai ถนอม กิตติขจร, Thai pronunciation: (tʰànɔ̌ːm kìttìkʰat͡ɕɔ̌ːn); August 11, 1911 -- June 16, 2004) was a military dictator of Thailand.	Thanom Kittikachorn	Thailand
country of citizenship	Jaime Zea (born in Huyro, La Convencion, Cuzco, 17 February 1960) was the mayor of Villa El Salvador, one of the most populated districts of Lima, Peru.	Jaime Zea	Peru
country of citizenship	Henry Edward Clonard Keating (13 December 1871 -- 1898) was a Nova Scotian and celebrated military officer who served Royal West African Frontier Force on Niger River in Nigeria (British West Africa) when he was killed in the line of duty.	Clonard Keating	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Helen Nelson Napaljarri (born c. 1949), also known as Helen White Napajarri or Helen Spencer Napaljarri, is a Walpiri-speaking Indigenous artist from Australia's Western Desert region.	Helen Nelson Napaljarri	Australia
country of citizenship	M’Baye Babacar Cissé (born in 1954) of Senegal is Deputy Special Representative for the United Nations Operation in Côte d’Ivoire (UNOCI).	M’Baye Babacar Cissé	Senegal
country of citizenship	Keith Hudson aka the ``Dark Prince of Reggae'' (1946 in Kingston, Jamaica -- 14 November 1984 in New York, USA), was a Jamaican reggae artist and record producer.	Keith Hudson	Jamaica
country of citizenship	Algirdas Sysas (born 5 March 1954 in Vilnius, Lithuania) is a Lithuanian social democratic politician and trade unionist.	Algirdas Sysas	Lithuania
country of citizenship	Valerija Raukar (born September 5, 1924, Ruma, Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes - died March 6, 2011, Zagreb, Croatia) most commonly known by her stage name Rajka Vali was an Croatian pop music singer who enjoyed success through the 1940s and 1950s.	Rajka Vali	Croatia
country of citizenship	Phuong Soksana (born March 2, 1992 in Cambodia) is a footballer for National Defense Ministry in the Cambodian League.	Phuong Soksana	Cambodia
country of citizenship	Federico Pinedo (born 29 December 1955 in Buenos Aires) is an Argentine politician, provisional president of the Argentine Senate and was acting president of Argentina on 10 December 2015 until the assumption of Mauricio Macri in the same day.	Federico Pinedo	Argentina
country of citizenship	Reshad Strik (born 22 June 1981 in Canberra, Australia) is an Australian actor of Bosnian descent.	Reshad Strik	Australia
country of citizenship	Peter Douglas McLean (September 24, 1856 -- April 4, 1936) was an educator, physician and political figure in Ontario, Canada.	Peter Douglas McLean	Canada
country of citizenship	Ronny Hoareau (born 20 March 1983) is captain of the Northern Dynamo in the Seychelles Barclays Football League Division 1.	Ronny Hoareau	Seychelles
country of citizenship	Gerhard von Mende (December 25, 1904 -- December 16, 1963) was a Baltic German who was head of the Caucasus division at the Reich Ministry for the Occupied Eastern Territory, or Ostministerium, in Nazi Germany.	Gerhard von Mende	Nazi Germany
country of citizenship	Andy Hicks (born 10 August 1973 in Tavistock, Devon, England) is an English former professional snooker player who now competes as an amateur.	Andy Hicks	England
country of citizenship	Ingfrid Breie Nyhus (born 26 September 1978 in Oslo, Norway) is a Norwegian pianist, the daughter of fiddler Svein Nyhus and the younger sister of fiddler Åshild Breie Nyhus.	Ingfrid Breie Nyhus	Norway
country of citizenship	Walter Firle or Walther Firle (August 22, 1859 -- November 20, 1929) was a 19th-century painter from Germany.	Walter Firle	Germany
country of citizenship	Antonio Fava (born May 28, 1949) is an actor, comedian, author, director, musician, mask maker and Internationally renowned Maestro of Commedia dell'arte who lives in Reggio Emilia, Italy.	Antonio Fava	Italy
country of citizenship	Jean-Luc Romero was born in Béthune in the Pas-de-Calais region (France) on June 30, 1959.	Jean-Luc Romero	France
country of citizenship	Jack Hourigan (born August 14, 1968 in Burlington, Ontario, Canada) is a playwright, actress, and co-host of the show How to Boil Water on the Food Network with Tyler Florence.	Jack Hourigan	Canada
country of citizenship	Yakov Modestovich Gakkel (Russian: Яков Модестович Гаккель; (1874-1945) was a Russian scientist and engineer who made significant contributions to the development of aircraft and locomotives in the former Soviet Union.	Yakov Modestovich Gakkel	Soviet Union
country of citizenship	André Le Nôtre (12 March 1613 -- 15 September 1700), originally rendered as André Le Nostre, was a French landscape architect and the principal gardener of King Louis XIV of France.	André Le Nôtre	France
country of citizenship	Kostyantyn Dudchenko (Ukrainian: Костянтин Олександрович Дудченко; born 8 July 1986 in Melitopol, Ukraine) is a Ukrainian professional football player who currently plays in the Kazakhstan Premier League for Irtysh.	Kostyantyn Dudchenko	Ukraine
country of citizenship	Vital João Geraldo Wilderink (November 30, 1931 in Deventer, Netherlands -- June 10, 2014) was the Dutch-born Brazilian Roman Catholic bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Itaguaí, Brazil.	Vital João Geraldo Wilderink	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Ibrahim Ramadan Ibrahim (born 6 February 1988 in Egypt) is an Egyptian weightlifter competing in the 77 kg category.	Ibrahim Ramadan	Egypt
country of citizenship	Helen Gibb (9 July 1838--30 July 1914) was a New Zealand farmer, accommodation-house keeper and postmistress.	Helen Gibb	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Norbert Pümpel (born 1956 in Innsbruck, Austria) is a visual artist who lives and works in Götzis and Hohenems/Austria.	Norbert Pümpel	Austria
country of citizenship	Ali Baba Taj (born 1977) is an Urdu, Persian and Hazaragi poet, based in Quetta, Pakistan.	Ali Baba Taj	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Jiang Chaozong (Chinese: 江朝宗; pinyin: Jiāng Cháozōng; Wade--Giles: Chiang Ch'ao-tsung; Hepburn: Kō Kōketsu; 1861--1943) was a general in the late Empire of China and an acting Premier of the Republic of China in 1917.	Jiang Chaozong	China
country of citizenship	Charles Zentai, born Károly Steiner (born October 8, 1921), is a Hungarian-born resident of Australia accused of a Holocaust-related war crime.	Charles Zentai	Australia
country of citizenship	Michel Ngakala is a Congolese military officer and politician who is a leading member of the Congolese Labour Party (PCT), the ruling party in the Republic of the Congo, serving as its Permanent Secretary for Organization.	Michel Ngakala	Republic of the Congo
country of citizenship	Ilona Feher or Ilona Fehér (Hungarian pronunciation: (ˈfɛheːr ˈilonɒ); 1 December 1901, Budapest, Hungary -- January, 1988, Holon, Israel), was one of the last representatives of the Central European Violin School whose greats included Joseph Joachim, Otakar Ševčík and Jenő Hubay.	Ilona Fehér	Hungary
country of citizenship	Halil Savda was born in Southeastern Anatolia, Turkey (in the Cizre district of Şırnak province).	Halil Savda	Turkey
country of citizenship	Mian Yawar Saeed (22 January 1935 -- 21 October 2015) was a Pakistani cricketer, who played 50 first-class matches for Somerset County Cricket Club and nine matches for a variety of teams based in Pakistan between 1953 and 1959.	Yawar Saeed	Pakistan
country of citizenship	James William Jones (September 21, 1869 -- May 2, 1954) was a merchant, realtor and political figure in British Columbia, Canada.	James William Jones	Canada
country of citizenship	Roderick David Finlayson (26 April 1904--2 August 1992) was a New Zealand architectural draughtsman, writer, farm labourer and printing-room assistant.	Roderick David Finlayson	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Philippe Monnet (born 31 January 1959) is a single-handed sailor from France, born in La Clusaz.	Philippe Monnet	France
country of citizenship	Róger Pérez de la Rocha (Spanish pronunciation: (ˈroxer ˈpeɾeð ðelaˈrotʃa); born 27 March 1949, Managua, Nicaragua) is a Nicaraguan painter and portrait artist.	Róger Pérez de la Rocha	Nicaragua
country of citizenship	Keith Vincent Garner AM, born in 1955 in Stockport, Greater Manchester, UK, is an ordained Uniting Church Minister who has been Superintendent/Chief Executive Officer of Wesley Mission in Sydney, Australia since his induction in 2006.	Keith Vincent Garner	Australia
country of citizenship	Pedro Cerisola y Weber (born March 3, 1949 in Mexico City) is a Mexican architect who served as Secretary of Communications under President Vicente Fox's administration.	Pedro Cerisola	Mexico
country of citizenship	Emma-Lee's song ``That Sinking Feeling'' was featured as the single of the week on iTunes Canada.	Emma-Lee	Canada
country of citizenship	Although he had to up sticks from Australia to Los Angeles in order to get properly noticed, things are beginning to happen at last for Horse Stories mainman Toby Burke.	Toby Burke	Australia
country of citizenship	Pedro Ferriz Santacruz, (March 17, 1921 - September 3, 2013) was a veteran radio and television presenter in Mexico.	Pedro Ferriz Santacruz	Mexico
country of citizenship	Much of the biographical material on Jean Chouan is based on the work of Jacques Duchemin des Cépeaux, in a work written in 1825 at the request of the king, Charles X, who ruled France from 1824 until 1830.	Jean Chouan	France
country of citizenship	Jasmine Simhalan (born November 13, 1970 in Chennai, India) is a practitioner of the Indian martial arts and classical Indian dance.	Jasmine Simhalan	India
country of citizenship	Luca Sestak (born January 10, 1995 in Celle, Germany) is a German boogie-woogie, blues and jazz pianist.	Luca Sestak	Germany
country of citizenship	Born of unfree parents, Heimerad undertook pilgrimages in Germany, Italy and Palestine.	Heimerad	Germany
country of citizenship	Henri de Tonti, a Sicilian, was most likely born near Gaeta, Italy, in either 1649 or 1650.	Henri de Tonti	Italy
country of citizenship	José Antonio Villaseñor y Sánchez was an 18th-century geographer, historian, and mathematician in New Spain.	José Antonio Villaseñor y Sánchez	Spain
country of citizenship	Sandra Nettelbeck was born 4 April 1966 in Hamburg, Germany to Uwe Nettelbeck, a German record producer, journalist and film critic, and Petra Nettelbeck, an author, film producer, and actress.	Sandra Nettelbeck	Germany
country of citizenship	Datuk Dr. Haji Abdul Latiff Ahmad (born 9 July 1958) is a Malaysian politician and is the Member of the Parliament of Malaysia for the Mersing constituency in the State of Johor.	Abdul Latiff Ahmad	Malaysia
country of citizenship	Gale Edwards (born 14 November 1954) is an Australian theatre director, who has worked extensively throughout Australia and internationally.	Gale Edwards	Australia
country of citizenship	Stergios Misios acted as a headman during the Macedonian struggle in Greece.	Stergios Misios	Greece
country of citizenship	Ricardo Alberto Frione (first name also spelled Riccardo) (February 7, 1911 in Montevideo -- March 11, 1986) was an Uruguay professional football player.	Ricardo Alberto Frione	Uruguay
country of citizenship	Kristín Ómarsdóttir (born 24 September 1962) is a poet and a writer from Iceland.	Kristín Ómarsdóttir	Iceland
country of citizenship	Jirawat Sornwichian (Thai จิรวัฒน์ สอนวิเชียร), is a Thai futsal Defender, and currently a member of Thailand national futsal team.	Jirawat Sornwichian	Thailand
country of citizenship	Karl Gerhard Lindblom (1887-1969) was an ethnographer from Sweden who worked in East Africa in the 1910s.	Gerhard Lindblom	Sweden
country of citizenship	Janet Donald (c.1825--27 March 1892) was a New Zealand church leader.	Janet Donald	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Alexander Horin (born in 1956) is one of the Deputy Ministers of Foreign Affairs of Ukraine.	Alexander Horin	Ukraine
country of citizenship	Albania's main indoor sporting arena, the Asllan Rusi Sports Palace, is named after him.	Asllan Rusi	Albania
country of citizenship	Juan Antonio Yanes (June 24, 1902 -- August 8, 1987) was an executive in Venezuelan Professional Baseball League who owned the Patriotas de Venezuela franchise.	Juan Antonio Yanes	Venezuela
country of citizenship	Grand Ayatollah Mohammad Fazel Lankarani (1931 in Qom, Iran -- June 16, 2007 in Qom, Iran) was an Islamic Iranian cleric.	Mohammad Fazel Lankarani	Iran
country of citizenship	Stanisław Radziwon was born in Dolistowo, a large village in the present-day Białystok district of northeastern Poland, to the family of Szymon Radziwon and Urszula (née Kucharska).	Stanisław Radziwon	Poland
country of citizenship	Raúl Chappell Morales (Callao, Peru, July 23, 1911- U.S. 1977) was a Peruvian football player.	Raúl Chappell	Peru
country of citizenship	Sakiusa Bulicokocoko (born 1950 or 1951 in Namara, Tailevu, Fiji; died August 2007 in Hawaii) was a Fiji musician.	Sakiusa Bulicokocoko	Fiji
country of citizenship	Paul Tindill (born 6 November 1939) is New Zealand former cricketer who played one first-class match for the Wellington Firebirds.	Paul Tindill	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Pierre-Alexandre Monsigny was born at Fauquembergues, near Saint-Omer, in the former Artois region of France (now Pas-de-Calais), four months before the marriage of his parents, Marie-Antoinette Dufresne and Nicolas Monsigny.	Pierre-Alexandre Monsigny	France
country of citizenship	Kpengla was a King of the Kingdom of Dahomey, in present-day Benin, from 1774 until 1789.	Kpengla	Benin
country of citizenship	Anne French (born 1956 Wellington, New Zealand) is a New Zealand editor and poet.	Anne French	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Anders Agensø is a Danish actor, born 1961 in Denmark.	Anders Agensø	Denmark
country of citizenship	Richard Roe (born 22 January 1913 in Geraldton, Western Australia; died 4 May 2008 in Auchenflower, Queensland) was an Australian cricketer who played two first-class matches for Western Australia in 1935.	Richard Roe	Australia
country of citizenship	Saeid Abdollahnejad (Persian: سعید عبدالله نژاد‎; born 7 October 1973 in Tehran, Iran) is an Iranian futsal player and coach.	Saeid Abdollahnejad	Iran
country of citizenship	Fritz Neugebauer is the Second President of the National Council of Austria.	Fritz Neugebauer	Austria
country of citizenship	Gui de Cambrai (born in the second half of the 12th century, died in the 13th century), is a medieval writer from the north of France who used vernacular French rather than Latin.	Gui de Cambrai	France
country of citizenship	George Varghese Kakkanadan (Malayalam: ജോര്ജ്ജ് വര്ഗ്ഗീസ് കാക്കനാടന്; 23 April 1935 -- 19 October 2011), commonly known as Kakkanadan, was a Malayalam language short story writer and novelist from Kerala state, South India.	Kakkanadan	India
country of citizenship	Prakash Jha was raised at his family's farm in Baraharwa, Bettiah, West Champaran, Bihar, India.	Prakash Jha	India
country of citizenship	Rajam Krishnan (Tamil: ராஜம் கிருஷ்ணன்; 1924 or 1925 -- 20 October, 2014), was a feminist Tamil writer from Tamil Nadu, India.	Rajam Krishnan	India
country of citizenship	Kid Chan (born 15 January 1978 in Kuala Lumpur) is an international wedding photojournalist, portrait and celebrity photographer from Malaysia.	Kid Chan	Malaysia
country of citizenship	Gualberto Jara (born July 13, 1959 in Asunción, Paraguay) is a Paraguayan football manager currently coaching in the inferiors of Colo-Colo of the Chilean Primera División.	Gualberto Jara	Paraguay
country of citizenship	Professor Dr. Hartmut Vogtmann (born in 1942, in Essen, Germany) is honored as a pioneer in organic agriculture in Germany as well as other countries.	Hartmut Vogtmann	Germany
country of citizenship	Natalia Gherman is the daughter of the former President of Moldova Mircea Snegur.	Natalia Gherman	Moldova
country of citizenship	Karina Vnukova (born 27 March 1985 in Vilnius, Lithuania) is a Lithuanian high jumper.	Karina Vnukova	Lithuania
country of citizenship	Christian Christophersen Sehested (1666 -- 1740) was the second Grand Chancellor of Denmark from 1708 to 1721.	Christian Christophersen Sehested	Denmark
country of citizenship	A native of Mendoza, in western Argentina, Francisco Manrique graduated from the Argentine Naval Academy in 1938 and from the Navy School in 1949.	Francisco Manrique	Argentina
country of citizenship	Rebecca Handke (born 2 October 1986 in Soest, Germany) is a German former pair skater.	Rebecca Handke	Germany
country of citizenship	Bernhard Beibl (born 26 May 1979) is a musician from Vienna, Austria.	Bernhard Beibl	Austria
country of citizenship	Anita Bitri-Prapaniku (January 8, 1968 -- October 19, 2004) was a pop singer and violinist from Albania.	Anita Bitri	Albania
country of citizenship	Juan Carlos Sánchez Frías (born 1 September 1956 in Formosa, Argentina) is a former Argentine-Bolivian football striker who played most of his career in the Bolivian League.	Juan Carlos Sánchez	Argentina
country of citizenship	Paul Rauhihi (born 3 July 1973 in Porirua, New Zealand) is a retired professional rugby league footballer who represented his country.	Paul Rauhihi	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Wu Shuangzhan (Traditional Chinese: 吳雙戰; Simplified Chinese: 吴双战; Hanyu Pinyin: Wú Shuāngzhàn) was the head of the People's Armed Police of the People's Republic of China.	Wu Shuangzhan	People's Republic of China
country of citizenship	Eric Corton is an educated actor on the Maastricht Academy of Dramatic Arts, but he is a common celebrity and television personality in the Netherlands, not specifically known as an actor.	Eric Corton	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Bakht Singh Chabra (Also known as Brother Bakht Singh) (Punjabi: بخت سنگھ; Hindi: बख़्त सिंह) (1903--2000) was a Christian evangelist in India and other parts of South Asia.	Bakht Singh	India
country of citizenship	Daniel O'Regan (born 3 February 1988 in Auckland, New Zealand) is a New Zealand rugby league player who currently plays for the Melbourne Storm in the National Rugby League competition.	Daniel O'Regan	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Christian Lerch (born 1978) is a journalist and radio documentary producer based in Vienna, Austria and Berlin, Germany.	Christian Lerch	Germany
country of citizenship	Daniel David Ntanda Nsereko (born 27 November 1941) is a Judge of the International Criminal Court from Uganda.	Daniel David Ntanda Nsereko	Uganda
country of citizenship	Tilo Gutzeit (born 27 January 1938) is a German figure skater who represented West Germany in competition.	Tilo Gutzeit	Germany
country of citizenship	Tomás Sánchez (born May 22, 1948 in Aguada de Pasajeros, Cienfuegos, Cuba) is a Cuban painter and engraver, known for his landscapes.	Tomás Sánchez	Cuba
country of citizenship	Suzanne Bianchetti appeared in her first film in the early 1900s and quickly became one of France's most loved and respected actresses.	Suzanne Bianchetti	France
country of citizenship	Despite performances which earned him an international debut for Spain in 2013, Michu fell out of favour at Swansea and was released in November 2015.	Michu	Spain
country of citizenship	Yaovabha Bongsanid (Thai: เยาวภาพงศ์สนิท; rtgs: Yaowaphaphongsanit; 28 August 1884 -- 13 June 1934) was the Princess of Siam (later Thailand).	Yaovabha Bongsanid	Siam
country of citizenship	Danam Nagender (born 9 August 1958) is an Indian politician who was formerly Member of the Legislative Assembly for Khairatabad Assembly Constituency, Hyderabad, Andhra Pradesh, India.	Danam Nagender	India
country of citizenship	Lisa Sabino (born 26 July 1986) is a tennis player who played for Italy and Switzerland in her career.	Lisa Sabino	Italy	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Rekha Punekar (Devanagari:रेखा पुणेकर) is a former Test and One Day International cricketer who represented India.	Rekha Punekar	India
country of citizenship	Ryan Pretorius (born 2 May 1979 in Durban, South Africa) is a former South African American football place kicker with the Ohio State Buckeyes.	Ryan Pretorius	South Africa
country of citizenship	Mauricio Rodriguez Anza is an architect and designer born in Mexico City in 1957.	Mauricio Rodriguez Anza	Mexico
country of citizenship	Murray Harman is a television and film actor from Australia, best known for his role as Murray the Cop in the black comedy series Pizza and Murray Smith in Swift and Shift Couriers.	Murray Harman	Australia
country of citizenship	Bruno Bozzetto (born 3 March 1938 in Milan, Italy) is an Italian cartoon animator, creator of many short pieces, mainly of a political or satirical nature.	Bruno Bozzetto	Italy
country of citizenship	Rodolfo Córdoba Correa (born January 14, 1984 in Cali, Colombia) is a Colombian footballer who last played for Estudiantes de Mérida of Venezuela.	Rodolfo Córdoba	Colombia
country of citizenship	Dror Shaul is a film writer, director, producer residing in Tel Aviv-Israel.	Dror Shaul	Israel
country of citizenship	Athuman Idd Chuji is a Tanzanian footballer who plays club football for Young Africans FC and international football for Tanzania.	Athuman Idd	Tanzania
country of citizenship	Continuing after Guangxi, Xiang Rong never gave up and tracked the Taiping rebels across three province to Jiangnan in southern China.	Xiang Rong	China
country of citizenship	Don Manuel Bermúdez de Castro y Díez (Jerez de la Frontera, Spain, 11 June 1811 -- Madrid, Spain, 11 March 1870) was a Spanish economist and politician who served as Minister of Spain between 1865 and 1866, in a unionist cabinet headed by Leopoldo O'Donnell, 1st Duke of Tetuan.	Manuel Bermúdez de Castro y Díez	Spain
country of citizenship	Christopher Adolf (born 16 April 1976) is a retired track and field sprint athlete who competed internationally for Palau.	Christopher Adolf	Palau
country of citizenship	Ormr Ásláksson was Bishop of Hólar, Iceland's northern diocese, from 1343-56.	Ormr Ásláksson	Iceland
country of citizenship	Jaie Laplante (born January 8, 1970, Alberta, Canada) is a Canadian-American screenwriter, actor and curator.	Jaie Laplante	Canada
country of citizenship	Pietro Teulié (Milan, 3 February 1769 -- Kolberg, 18 June 1807) was an Italian general who served in the Kingdom of Italy during the Napoleonic Wars.	Pietro Teulié	Italy
country of citizenship	Student of the Lebanese Maronite Father's College at Achrafieh, Samir Assaf moved to France during the Lebanese civil war in order to finish his studies.	Samir Assaf	France
country of citizenship	Terefe Ejigu (born 14 October 1988) is an Ethiopian born New Zealand long distance runner.	Terefe Ejigu	New Zealand
country of citizenship	The Wanli Emperor refused, and banished Zhao Wenhua's second son Zhao Shensi (趙慎思) to the swamps of southwestern China.	Zhao Wenhua	China
country of citizenship	Carl Frauenstein (born 23 October 1985 in Auckland) is a New Zealand cricketer who plays for the Canterbury Wizards in the State Shield.	Carl Frauenstein	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Magdalena Abakanowicz (born June 20, 1930, in Falenty, Poland) is a Polish sculptor and fiber artist.	Magdalena Abakanowicz	Poland
country of citizenship	Fekry Abaza was born in 1896 in the village of Kafr Abu Shehata in the East, Egypt.	Fekry Abaza	Egypt
country of citizenship	Visarion Puiu (born Victor Puiu on 27 February 1879 in Paşcani, Romania -- 10 August 1964 in Viels-Maisons, France) was a metropolitan bishop of the Romanian Orthodox Church.	Visarion Puiu	Romania
country of citizenship	William Newsham Blair M.Inst.C.E. (10 August 1841 -- 4 May 1891), was a New Zealand engineer and surveyor.	William Newsham Blair	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Golshifteh Farahani (Persian: گلشیفته فراهانی‎‎, also Romanized as Golŝifte Farāhāni, born 10 July 1983) is an Iranian-ّFrench actress, musician and singer who lives in France.	Golshifteh Farahani	France
country of citizenship	Patrick Aebischer (born on 22 November 1954 in Fribourg, Switzerland) has been the president of the École polytechnique fédérale de Lausanne (EPFL) since 17 March 2000 (until 31 December 2016).	Patrick Aebischer	Switzerland
country of citizenship	13th-century composer, theorist, and scholar, Petrus de Cruce was apparently born in or near Amiens, in north-central France; for dates we know only that he was active in the years around 1290.	Petrus de Cruce	France
country of citizenship	Emilín was capped twice with Spain's main squad, all of them in 1942.	Emilín	Spain
country of citizenship	After 1952, Vincenz Müller returned to a military career and was given the responsibility of reconstructing East Germany's armed forces; he was returned to the rank of Lieutenant-General.	Vincenz Müller	East Germany
country of citizenship	The enthusiasm with which Hasan Doğan celebrated after Turkey's goals in the Euro 2008 cup, hugging his wife, has gained broad public sympathy.	Hasan Doğan	Turkey
country of citizenship	Ramdew Chaitoe (19 December 1942 - 6 June 1994) was a Surinamese artist and a harmonium player, who released a Chutney/Baithak Gana album called, The King Of Suriname a.k.a The Star Melodies of Ramdew Chaitoe in 1967.	Ramdew Chaitoe	Suriname
country of citizenship	Alma Adamkienė (born Alma Nutautaitė in Šiauliai on February 10, 1927) is the wife of the former President of Lithuania, Valdas Adamkus, and was First Lady during his two terms (1998--2003; 2004--2009).	Alma Adamkienė	Lithuania
country of citizenship	Mikael Jungner (born 20 April 1965 in Helsinki) is the former party secretary of the Social Democratic Party of Finland, a member of the Finnish parliament and a former managing director of the Finnish national broadcaster Yle.	Mikael Jungner	Finland
country of citizenship	Murat Duruer earned his first cap for Turkey on 5 March 2014, in a friendly match against Sweden.	Murat Duruer	Turkey
country of citizenship	Leana de Bruin (née du Plooy) (born 9 July 1977) is a South African and New Zealand international netball player.	Leana de Bruin	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Lani Jackson is a New Zealand stuntwoman best known for her work in The Lord of the Rings film trilogy.	Lani Jackson	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Jonathan Temm (born 16 June 1962) is a New Zealand Barrister living in Rotorua.	Jonathan Temm	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Paul Linz (born 4 January 1956 in Trier, Germany) is a German football manager and former football player, playing as a striker.	Paul Linz	Germany
country of citizenship	Markus Büchel (14 May 1959 -- 9 July 2013) was a former head of government of Liechtenstein.	Markus Büchel	Liechtenstein
country of citizenship	Henryk Floyar-Rajchman (December 7, 1893 - March 22, 1951) was a Polish statesman and a founding member of the Józef Piłsudski Institute of America for Research in the Modern History of Poland created in New York City in July 1943.	Henryk Floyar-Rajchman	Poland
country of citizenship	Daniel Müller-Schott (born 1976 in Munich, Germany) is a German cellist.	Daniel Müller-Schott	Germany
country of citizenship	Juan de la Cerda, 4th Duke of Medinaceli, (c. 1514 -- 1575), Grandee of Spain, was a Spanish nobleman.	Juan de la Cerda, 4th Duke of Medinaceli	Spain
country of citizenship	Abdul Ghafoor Yusufzai was an Afghanistan footballer, who competed at the 1948 Summer Olympic Games.	Abdul Ghafoor Yusufzai	Afghanistan
country of citizenship	Aivis Ronis (born 20 May 1968) is a Latvian diplomat and politician and was Minister for Foreign Affairs of Latvia from 29 April 2010 to 3 November 2010, from 2011 to 2013 he was Minister for Transport of Latvia.	Aivis Ronis	Latvia
country of citizenship	Enrique Sapene is an actor and producer born in Caracas, Venezuela.	Enrique Sapene	Venezuela
country of citizenship	Augustin Deac brought a microfilm of the Rohonc Codex from Budapest, Hungary, to Romania, where it was studied by Viorica Enăchiuc.	Augustin Deac	Romania
country of citizenship	Diran Alexanian (Armenian: Տիրան Ալեքսանեան) (1881, Constantinople -- 1954, Chamonix, France) was an Armenian cello teacher.	Diran Alexanian	France
country of citizenship	Germán Pedro Ibáñez (October 11, 1928 in Las Villas, Cuba - August 9, 2007 in Havana, Cuba) was the musical director of one of the oldest musical groups from Cuba, the Septeto Habanero.	Germán Pedro Ibáñez	Cuba
country of citizenship	Slaw Rebchuk (February 10, 1907 -- January 15, 1996) was a longtime municipal politician in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada, popularly known as the ``Mayor of the North End''.	Slaw Rebchuk	Canada
country of citizenship	Adolfo Lutz (6 October 1855 -- 18 December 1940) was a Brazilian physician, father of tropical medicine and medical zoology in Brazil, and a pioneer epidemiologist and researcher in infectious diseases.	Adolfo Lutz	Brazil
country of citizenship	Amir Vaziri (Persian: امیر وزیری ‎‎, born February 5, 1978 in Iran) is an Iranian football player.	Amir Vaziri	Iran
country of citizenship	He is the lead singer and founder of the folk-fusion band called Papon and The East India Company.	Papon	India
country of citizenship	Simon Oosterman is a New Zealand political activist, trade unionist, and anarchist.	Simon Oosterman	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Élise Crombez (born 24 July 1982 in Mouscron, Belgium) is a Belgian fashion model.	Élise Crombez	Belgium
country of citizenship	Karen Corr is a professional billiards player representing Northern Ireland, and was inducted in the BCA Hall of Fame in 2012.	Karen Corr	Northern Ireland
country of citizenship	Lucy Mansel (c.1831--22 January 1916) was a New Zealand homemaker and community worker.	Lucy Mansel	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Shermaine Santiago (born February 15, 1980 in Manila, Philippines) is a Filipina actress, TV show host, and singer.	Shermaine Santiago	Philippines
country of citizenship	Datuk Tan Chai Ho (simplified Chinese: 陈财和; traditional Chinese: 陳財和; pinyin: Chén Chái Hé; Pe̍h-ōe-jī: Tân Châi-hô; born 7 February 1959) was Deputy Minister of Ministry of Home Affairs (Malaysia) from 29 March 2004 to 26 February 2008.	Tan Chai Ho	Malaysia
country of citizenship	Qaqambile Matanzima (December 15, 1949 -- August 5, 2013) was a South Africa politician and tribal leader.	Qaqambile Matanzima	South Africa
country of citizenship	Abdallah Ibrahim (Arabic: عبد الله إبراهيم; August 24, 1918, in Marrakech Haouz -- September 11, 2005) was the left-wing Prime Minister of Morocco between December 16, 1958 and May 20, 1960.	Abdallah Ibrahim	Morocco
country of citizenship	Joe Latta (born 7 April 1992) is a New Zealand rugby union player who currently plays for Gloucester Rugby in the Aviva Premiership.	Joe Latta	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Masoud Mikaeili (Persian: مسعود میکائیلی‎; born 5 February 1987) is an Iranian footballer who plays for Sepidrood in the Iran Football's 2nd Division.	Masoud Mikaeili	Iran
country of citizenship	Maria Olívia da Silva (attested 28 February 1880 -- 8 July 2010) of Brazil was a claimant to the title of world's oldest person ever.	Maria Olívia da Silva	Brazil
country of citizenship	Chico Brenes is a professional skateboarder from Nicaragua whose stance is regular-footed.	Chico Brenes	Nicaragua
country of citizenship	Sabellius (fl. ca. 215) was a third-century priest and theologian who most likely taught in Rome, but may have been a North African from Libya.	Sabellius	Libya
country of citizenship	Nojim Raji (born August 2, 1984 in Nigeria) is a Nigerian football player currently with Giwa FC.	Nojim Raji	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Georg Ulrich Wasmuth was born at Kvernes in Kristiansund, Møre og Romsdal, Norway.	Georg Ulrich Wasmuth	Norway
country of citizenship	Edward John von Dadelszen (6 May 1845--28 May 1922) was a New Zealand public administrator and statistician.	Edward John von Dadelszen	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Alex Cerveny is a Brazilian artist, engraver, sculptor, illustrator and painter, born in São Paulo, Brazil, in 1963.	Alex Cerveny	Brazil
country of citizenship	Henry Oswald Wright (November 20, 1880 -- April 25, 1956) was a rancher and political figure in Saskatchewan, Canada.	Henry Oswald Wright	Canada
country of citizenship	Jose Carlos Sebastián Gómez Maraschio (born May 20, 1983, in Mar del Plata, Argentina), professionally known as Piru Sáez, is an Argentine actor and rock singer.	Piru Sáez	Argentina
country of citizenship	Thomas Nassi (March 2, 1892 -- December 21, 1964) was an Albanian-American musician and pioneering music educator in both Albania and the United States, his adopted country.	Thomas Nassi	Albania
country of citizenship	Bernard McCarthy (24 July 1874 -- 7 July 1948) was a New Zealand cricketer, lawyer and papal knight.	Bernard McCarthy	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Henrik Ekelund is the founder, President and CEO of BTS Group AB, a global consulting firm headquartered in Stockholm, Sweden.	Henrik Ekelund	Sweden
country of citizenship	Bhairon Singh Shekhawat (23 October 1923 -- 15 May 2010) was the 11th Vice-President of India.	Bhairon Singh Shekhawat	India
country of citizenship	Ivan Roudyk (Russian: Иван Рудык) (born 1976 in Novosibirsk, Russia, Soviet Union) is a popular Russian House DJ.	Ivan Roudyk	Russia
country of citizenship	Barbara Jelić-Ružić (born 8 May 1977) is a former international volleyball player for Croatia.	Barbara Jelić-Ružić	Croatia
country of citizenship	Darren McClennan (born 21 October 1965) was a successful New Zealand soccer player who frequently represented his country in the 1980s and 90s.	Darren McClennan	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Domenico Fattori was a Sammarinese politician who was the foreign minister of San Marino from 1860 to 1908.	Domenico Fattori	San Marino
country of citizenship	Tote King is a hip hop emcee (MC) from Sevilla, Spain.	Tote King	Spain
country of citizenship	David Lebuser (born September 12, 1986 in Frankfurt (Oder), Germany) is German extreme wheelchair athlete.	David Lebuser	Germany
country of citizenship	Aperahama Tama-i-parea (fl. 1840--1882) was a notable New Zealand tribal leader.	Aperahama Tama-i-parea	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Sébastien Maté, born September 19, 1972 in Mont-de-Marsan, France is a retired professional footballer.	Sébastien Maté	France
country of citizenship	Antoine Ruel (born 31 October 1979 in Auberville, France) is a professional Magic:	Antoine Ruel	France
country of citizenship	Ermin Zec (born 18 February 1988) is a Bosnian professional footballer who plays as a striker or as a winger for Azerbaijani club Gabala and the Bosnia and Herzegovina national team.	Ermin Zec	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country of citizenship	Bestâmi Yazgan (born 1957, in Osmaniye, Turkey) is a Turkish composer.	Bestâmi Yazgan	Turkey
country of citizenship	Johann Gottfried Roesner (or Rösner) (21 November 1658 -- 7 December 1724) was an official from Royal Prussia (a region of Poland), executed following the Tumult of Thorn.	Johann Gottfried Roesner	Poland
country of citizenship	Constantin Pană (born 17 February 1960) is a retired footballer who played as a defender for clubs in Romania and Greece.	Constantin Pană	Romania
country of citizenship	Glenn Kinsey is a former presenter of Children's ITV, which is the brand name used for the majority of children's television output on ITV in the United Kingdom.	Glenn Kinsey	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	James Cornelius van Miltenburg O.F.M. (14 September 1909, Harmelen, Netherlands - 10 March 1966) was the first Archbishop of Karachi, Pakistan from 1950 to 1958.	James Cornelius van Miltenburg	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Olli Herman Kosunen (born 19 May 1983 in Kuopio, Finland), also known as H. Olliver Twisted is a Finnish singer who was the former frontman to the Swedish glam metal band Crashdïet.	H. Olliver Twisted	Finland
country of citizenship	His first album, Tal Bachman, featured what would eventually become its hit single, ``She's So High'', which reached No. 1 on three different radio formats in Canada.	Tal Bachman	Canada
country of citizenship	John Panzio, née Tuckson, Tockson or Toxon (1838-1888), was the African favorite and valet of king Charles XV of Sweden.	John Panzio	Sweden
country of citizenship	Umaru Dahiru Tambuwal (born 12 June 1952) was elected Senator for the Sokoto South constituency of Sokoto State, Nigeria, on the All Nigeria People's Party (ANPP) platform, taking office on 29 May 2003.	Umaru Dahiru	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Lisa Shaw (born 1968) is an urban and house music singer from Toronto, Ontario, Canada.	Lisa Shaw	Canada
country of citizenship	Viktor Lazlo (real name: Sonia Dronier, born 7 October 1960 in Lorient, France) is a French-Belgian singer of Grenadian and Martiniquan descent.	Viktor Lazlo	France
country of citizenship	Jan Nepomucen Umiński was born to a Polish gentry family in Czeluścin in Greater Poland on 5 February 1778.	Jan Nepomucen Umiński	Poland
country of citizenship	Mehrab Shahrokhi (محراب شاهرخی in Persian) (February 2, 1944 - February 1, 1993) was an Iranian footballer born in Ahvaz, Iran.	Mehrab Shahrokhi	Iran
country of citizenship	Vesna Pešić (Serbian Cyrillic: Весна Пешић) (born May 6, 1940 in Grocka, Kingdom of Yugoslavia) is a Serbian politician and sociologist, one of the leaders of opposition movement in Serbia.	Vesna Pešić	Serbia
country of citizenship	Ajay Agarwal is a lawyer in the Supreme Court of India and a politician.	Ajay Agarwal	India
country of citizenship	Mitch Melnick (born June 14, 1959) is a sport radio broadcaster in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.	Mitch Melnick	Canada
country of citizenship	Sengge Rinchen was from the Horqin Left Back Banner in Inner Mongolia and was a member of the Borjigin clan.	Sengge Rinchen	Mongolia
country of citizenship	Praveen Jordan (born 26 April 1993 in Bontang, Indonesia) is an Indonesian badminton player who specialises in doubles.	Praveen Jordan	Indonesia
country of citizenship	Marzieh Afkham (Persian: مرضیه افخم‎‎) is an Iranian diplomat who is the former spokeswoman and head of the Center for Public and Media Diplomacy in Iran's Ministry of Foreign Affairs.	Marzieh Afkham	Iran
country of citizenship	For the first nineteen years of her life, Nina Rautio lived in Petrozavodsk (Republic of Karelia, Russia).	Nina Rautio	Russia
country of citizenship	Francisco de Ibarra was born about 1534 in Eibar, Gipuzkoa, in the Basque Country of Spain.	Francisco de Ibarra	Spain
country of citizenship	Nushrat Bharucha was born and brought up in a Bohra clan of the Shia, Muslim family in Mumbai, India.	Nushrat Bharucha	India
country of citizenship	Jin Yubo (Chinese: 金煜博, born 1987) is a Chinese ski mountaineer, and member of the national selection of the People's Republic of China.	Jin Yubo	People's Republic of China
country of citizenship	Meng Keo Pichenda is a popular singer in Cambodia, and has been contracted to many companies for her services.	Meng Keo Pichenda	Cambodia
country of citizenship	Semino Rossi (born May 29, 1962 at Rosario, Argentina) is an Argentine-Italian schlager singer living with his south-tyrolean wife in Mils, Tyrol, Austria.	Semino Rossi	Argentina
country of citizenship	Ibitoru I.B. Green, better known as Lady IB, is a singer from Bonny, Rivers State, Nigeria.	Lady IB	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Zanele Muholi is a visual activist who tries to bring light to the importance of black lesbian women in South Africa.	Zanele Muholi	South Africa
country of citizenship	Isaac Shaahu is a Nigerian politician from what is termed the middle belt of Nigeria.	Isaac Shaahu	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Christian Ringnes (born 3 March 1954) is well known as a flamboyant businessman and art collector from Norway whose family started the country's largest brewery Ringnes more than a hundred years ago.	Christian Ringnes	Norway
country of citizenship	Kurt Maloo (born Kurt Meier on April 16, 1953, Zurich, Switzerland) is a Swiss singer-songwriter, composer, and record producer.	Kurt Maloo	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Ulrich Willerding (born 8 July 1932 in Querfurt, Germany) is a professor emeritus of botany at the Göttingen University, Germany.	Ulrich Willerding	Germany
country of citizenship	Domingo Nieto (15 August 1803 -- 17 February 1844) was a Peruvian Grand Marshal, forefather of the nation, and politician who became President of Peru between 1843 and 1844.	Domingo Nieto	Peru
country of citizenship	Blessed Eugene Bossilkov , born Vincent Bossilkov (b. 16 Nov 1900-11 Nov 1952), was a member of the Passionist Congregation, Roman Catholic bishop of Nicopolis and martyr in the Communist campaign in Bulgaria against religion.	Eugene Bossilkov	Bulgaria
country of citizenship	Jimmy Barnatán was born in Madrid, but his heart is divided between the capital of Spain, Santander and New York.	Jimmy Barnatán	Spain
country of citizenship	Reginald Hugh Hickling (2 August 1920 -- 11 February 2007), known as Hugh Hickling, was a British lawyer, civil servant, law academic, and author, and author of the controversial Internal Security Act of colonial Malaysia.	Hugh Hickling	Malaysia
country of citizenship	Kim Sunée (born 1970, South Korea) is an American memoirist and food writer, known for her 2008 memoir Trail of Crumbs:	Kim Sunée	South Korea
country of citizenship	Laurin Liu (traditional Chinese: 劉舒雲; simplified Chinese: 刘舒云; Jyutping: Lau4 Syu1 Wan4, born November 13, 1990) is a Canadian politician who was elected to the House of Commons of Canada in the 2011 federal election.	Laurin Liu	Canada
country of citizenship	Alana Millington (born 28 June 1988) is an Australian-born New Zealand field hockey player.	Alana Millington	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Melanie Winiger (born 22 January 1979 in Lugano) is a Swiss actress, model and beauty pageant titleholder who won Miss Switzerland 1996.	Melanie Winiger	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Vincent Kirabo was born 1 October 1955 in Hoima District in the Western Region of Uganda.	Vincent Kirabo	Uganda
country of citizenship	Emile Kirscht (1913--1994) was a Luxembourg painter who worked with acrylics and gouache on paper.	Emile Kirscht	Luxembourg
country of citizenship	Richard Kuremaa (12 January 1912 -- 10 January 1991) was an Estonian footballer - one of the most famous before World War II. He played 42 times for Estonia national football team scoring 19 goals.	Richard Kuremaa	Estonia
country of citizenship	Enzo Monteleone (born 13 April 1954 in Padova, Italy) is an Italian film director and screenwriter.	Enzo Monteleone	Italy
country of citizenship	Carlotta Ferrari was born in Lodi, Italy, and studied singing and piano at the Milan Conservatory with Giuseppina Strepponi.	Carlotta Ferrari	Italy
country of citizenship	José Mira Mira was born in Pinoso, Alicante (Spain), in December 31, 1944.	José Mira Mira	Spain
country of citizenship	Leonidas Kampantais (Greek: Λεωνίδας Καμπάνταης; born 8 March 1982 in Athens, Greece) is a Greek footballer, currently playing for Panionios.	Leonidas Kampantais	Greece
country of citizenship	Brendon Reeves (born 16 July 1976 in Australia) is a former professional rugby league player who played for the Illawarra Steelers, Manly-Warringah Sea Eagles and the Northern Eagles in the National Rugby League (NRL).	Brendon Reeves	Australia
country of citizenship	Ariel Beltramo (born August 20, 1969 in Brinkmann, Argentina) is a former Argentine footballer who played for clubs in Argentina, Chile, Peru, Italy, Israel, Colombia and Guatemala.	Ariel Beltramo	Argentina
country of citizenship	András Hadik, son of a lesser noble family, was born on October 16, 1710 in Csallóköz (then Kingdom of Hungary, now Žitný ostrov in Slovakia) or in Kőszeg, Kingdom of Hungary (then part of the Habsburg Empire).	András Hadik	Hungary
country of citizenship	Luis de la Torre was one of the Spanish conquistadors who governed New Spain while Hernán Cortés was absent from the capital.	Luis de la Torre	Spain
country of citizenship	Mario Illien is an engineer specialising in motorsport engine design and comes from Chur in the Canton of Graubünden, Switzerland.	Mario Illien	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Peter Pulay (Born September 20, 1941 in Veszprém, Hungary) is a theoretical chemist.	Peter Pulay	Hungary
country of citizenship	Yao Yilin (Chinese: 姚依林; pinyin: Yáo Yīlín; September 6, 1917 -- December 11, 1994) was a deputy Vice Premier of the People's Republic of China from 1983 to 1988, and the country's First Vice Premier from 1988 to 1993.	Yao Yilin	People's Republic of China
country of citizenship	Flamingokvintetten is a Swedish dansband, founded in 1960 in Partille, Sweden.	Flamingokvintetten	Sweden
country of citizenship	E. Balanandan (16 June 1924 -- 19 January 2009) was a communist politician from the Kerala State of India.	E. Balanandan	India
country of citizenship	Pingali Lakshmikantam (10 January 1894 in Arthamuru, West Godavari district, British India -- 1972) was an Indian poet and writer.	Pingali Lakshmikantam	India
country of citizenship	Francisco de Borbón y de la Torre (Spanish: Francisco de Paula de Borbón y La Torre; 16 January 1882 -- 6 December 1952) was a Spanish aristocrat, military officer (Captaincy General) and member of parliament in Spain.	Francisco de Borbón y de la Torre	Spain
country of citizenship	Henri Tomasi was born in a working-class neighborhood of Marseille, France, on 17 August 1901.	Henri Tomasi	France
country of citizenship	José Gervasio Artigas Arnal (June 19, 1764 -- September 23, 1850) is a national hero of Uruguay, sometimes called ``the father of Uruguayan nationhood''.	José Gervasio Artigas	Uruguay
country of citizenship	Erika Pluhar is an actress, singer and author from Austria and was born on 28 February 1939 in Vienna.	Erika Pluhar	Austria
country of citizenship	Manuel Tolsá (Enguera, Valencia, Spain, May 4, 1757 -- Mexico City, December 24, 1816) was a prolific Neoclassical architect and sculptor in Spain and Mexico.	Manuel Tolsá	Spain	Mexico
country of citizenship	Joan Hart was a New Zealand sprinter.	Joan Hart	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Donald J. Rennie is a justice with the Federal Court of Appeal of Canada.	Donald J. Rennie	Canada
country of citizenship	Povel Ottesen Huitfeldt (Povel Huitfeldt, Pouel Huitfeldt or Paul Huitfeldt), who was the first Danish-Norwegian Governor-general of Norway, was born circa 1520 and died on 21 September 1592 at Tryggevælde Manor (on the Øresund) in Zealand.	Povel Huitfeldt	Norway
country of citizenship	Pavel Blažek (born 8 April 1969) is a Czech politician, who served as Minister of Justice of the Czech Republic from July 2012 to July 2013.	Pavel Blažek	Czech Republic
country of citizenship	In 1911, Billy Bishop entered the Royal Military College of Canada (RMC) in Kingston, Ontario, where his brother Worth had graduated in 1903.	Billy Bishop	Canada
country of citizenship	Karl Burnett (born 27 February 1976) is a New Zealand actor best known for his portrayal of Nick Harrison on the long-running New Zealand soap opera, Shortland Street.	Karl Burnett	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Jocelyne Villeton (born September 17, 1954 in Vals-les-Bains, Ardèche) is a retired long-distance runner from France, who won the bronze medal in the marathon at the 1987 World Championships in Rome, Italy.	Jocelyne Villeton	France
country of citizenship	Kutluğ Ataman (born 1961 in Istanbul, Turkey) is a filmmaker and contemporary artist.	Kutluğ Ataman	Turkey
country of citizenship	The pseudonym, Mahdi Amel, comes from Jabal Amel, a predominantly Shiite mountainous region in southern Lebanon.	Mahdi Amel	Lebanon
country of citizenship	Hossein Pirnia, also known as Mo'tamen al Molk, (1875--1948) was an Iranian politician who served as speaker of the Parliament of Iran from 1914 to 1925, and again from 1928 to 1929.	Hossein Pirnia	Iran
country of citizenship	Janine Marie Elizabeth Olson Gutierrez, known professionally as Janine Gutierrez (born October 2, 1989 in Quezon City, Philippines), is a Filipina actress, television host and commercial model.	Janine Gutierrez	Philippines
country of citizenship	In the following years, Marek Bliziński and Jarosław Śmietana became the two most popular jazz guitar players in Poland.	Marek Bliziński	Poland
country of citizenship	Mathieu Cossou (born June 1, 1985 in Colombes, France) is a French karateka who won a silver medal in the men's kumite -65 kg weight class at the 2005 European Karate Championships.	Mathieu Cossou	France
country of citizenship	Domingo Crisanto Delgado Gómez (1806, Güímar, Tenerife, Spain - 1858, San Juan, Puerto Rico) was one of the most famous composers of the nineteenth century Canarian and first organist of the Cathedral of San Juan Bautista in Puerto Rico.	Domingo Crisanto Delgado Gómez	Spain
country of citizenship	Tomasz Kamusella FRHistS (born 1967, Kędzierzyn, Upper Silesia, Poland) is a European scholar pursuing interdisciplinary research in language politics, nationalism and ethnicity.	Tomasz Kamusella	Poland
country of citizenship	Air Marshal Sir David Ewan Jamieson KBE, CB (19 April 1930 -- 21 March 2013) was a senior commander in the Royal New Zealand Air Force.	Ewan Jamieson	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Fung Hoi Man (Chinese: 馮凱文; Jyutping: fung4 hoi2 man4, born 12 March 1977) is a Hong Kong football coach and a former player.	Fung Hoi Man	Hong Kong
country of citizenship	Aurélien Faivre (born June 22, 1978 in Besançon, France) is a French defender currently playing for FC Bourg-Péronnas.	Aurélien Faivre	France
country of citizenship	Jennifer Milan (born 22 September 1987 in Milan, Italy) is an Italian R&B and Pop singer.	Jennifer Milan	Italy
country of citizenship	María Elena Dávila (born Caracas, Venezuela), is a Venezuelan actress and singer.	María Elena Dávila	Venezuela
country of citizenship	Tadeusz Truskolaski (born 10 April 1958, in Stare Kapice, Białystok County, Poland) is an economist and politician.	Tadeusz Truskolaski	Poland
country of citizenship	Nyron Wau (born 24 November 1982 in Geldrop) is a Dutch footballer from a Netherlands Antilles origin, who currently plays for Lutlommel VV, in a local league in Belgium.	Nyron Wau	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Fred Wah's mother was a Swedish-born Canadian who came to Canada at age 6.	Fred Wah	Canada
country of citizenship	Despite the warm reception for his music in Nazi party circles, Herbert Windt himself fell into disfavor with the rulers of Germany in that period.	Herbert Windt	Germany
country of citizenship	Arthur Egbert Davenport (17 April 1901 -- 15 April 1973) was a New Zealand electrical engineer and electricity administrator.	Arthur Egbert Davenport	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Alhaji Bomba Jawara is a Sierra Leonean politician from the opposition Sierra Leone People's Party (SLPP) and he is currently a member of parliament representing Koinadugu District.	Bomba Jawara	Sierra Leone
country of citizenship	Indzhe Voyvoda (Bulgarian: Индже войвода) (c. 1755, Sliven -- 1821, Sculeni) was a renowned leader (voivod) of an armed band of outlaws (hajduks) in Ottoman-held Bulgaria.	Indzhe Voyvoda	Bulgaria
country of citizenship	Maharaja Sir Mohammad Ali Mohammad Khan, Khan Bahadur, KCSI, KCIE (4 June 1878 -- 23 March 1931) was the Raja of Mahmudabad from 28 June 1903 to 23 March 1931 and a noted politician, zamindar of British India.	Mohammad Ali Mohammad Khan	India
country of citizenship	Philipp Keel is a Swiss artist and writer based in Zurich, Switzerland and Los Angeles, California.	Philipp Keel	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Hafiz Hamdullah Saboor (Urdu: حافظ حمد اللہ صبور) is a Pakistani Politician and a Member of Senate of Pakistan.	Hafiz Hamdullah	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Adrian Falub (born 8 July 1971 in Dej, Romania) is a Romanian football manager and former player currently in charge of Concordia Chiajna.	Adrian Falub	Romania
country of citizenship	Lily Oddie, formerly known as Lily Munro (born September 27, 1937) is a former provincial politician in Ontario, Canada.	Lily Oddie	Canada
country of citizenship	In Germany works by Emil Hünten are on display at the Palast Kunst Museum Düsseldorf, Kunsthalle Kiel (owns al least two works), Deutsches Historisches Museum Berlin, the Lower Saxony State Museum in Hanover and the Bismarck Museum in Friedrichsruh.	Emil Hünten	Germany
country of citizenship	Rudolf Vatinyan (Armenian: Ռուդոլֆ Վաթինյան) - born in Dilijan, Armenia.	Rudolf Vatinyan	Armenia
country of citizenship	Tofiq Bahramov (Azerbaijani: Tofiq Bəhramov; Russian: Тофик Бахрамов; 29 January 1925 -- 26 March 1993), in England often incorrectly referred to as ``the Russian linesman'', was a Soviet footballer and football referee from Azerbaijan.	Tofiq Bahramov	Azerbaijan
country of citizenship	After marriage, the couple moved to USA and reportedly within one year of her marriage, Swarnamalya returned to India to act in movies.	Swarnamalya	India
country of citizenship	Mats Karlsson (born August 12, 1956) is a ten-pin bowler from Gothenburg, Sweden who competed internationally and on the PBA Tour in the United States.	Mats Karlsson	Sweden
country of citizenship	Peter Ropati is a New Zealand former rugby league player and commentator who played professionally for Leigh.	Peter Ropati	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Michael Lupo (1953 -- 12 February 1995) was a serial killer originally from Italy, active in Britain.	Michael Lupo	Italy
country of citizenship	They returned to the United Kingdom in 1978 where they broadcast on BBC radio, appeared on television in the Russell Harty Show and made personal appearances throughout the United Kingdom in ``An Evening with Anne Ziegler and Webster Booth''.	Webster Booth	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	Claudio Vena is an Italian-born composer for film and television, now living and working in Canada.	Claudio Vena	Canada
country of citizenship	Luigi Bruschelli (born 27 December 1968, Siena, Italy; known as ``Trecciolino'' or ``Gigi'') is an Italian jockey, and is the most successful active jockey in the Palio di Siena with 13 wins between 1996 and 2012.	Luigi Bruschelli	Italy
country of citizenship	Denis Kalume Numbi is a general and a politician in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC).	Denis Kalume Numbi	Democratic Republic of the Congo
country of citizenship	Jörg Koopmann (born 10 March 1968 in Munich, Germany) is a German photographer.	Jörg Koopmann	Germany
country of citizenship	Karl Wahl (24 September 1892 -- 18 February 1981) was the Nazi Gauleiter of Swabia from the Gau inception in 1928 until the collapse of Nazi Germany in 1945.	Karl Wahl	Germany
country of citizenship	Ina-Yoko Teutenberg (born 28 October 1974) is a retired elite road bicycle racer from Düsseldorf, Germany, who turned professional in 2001.	Ina-Yoko Teutenberg	Germany
country of citizenship	Stéphane Haccoun (born August 31, 1967, in Paris, France) was a southpaw French boxer.	Stéphane Haccoun	France
country of citizenship	Ammirul Emmran represented the Singapore national under-14 team at the 2009 Asian Youth Games, and was part of the national under-15 team which won the bronze medal at the 2010 Summer Youth Olympics.	Ammirul Emmran	Singapore
country of citizenship	Vijaya Dasa (Kannada: ವಿಜಯದಾಸ) (1682--1755) was a prominent saint from the Haridasa tradition of Karnataka, India in the 18th century, and a scholar of the Dvaita philosophical tradition.	Vijaya Dasa	India
country of citizenship	Milad Ebadipour (Persian: میلاد عبادی پور‎, born 17 October 1993 in Urmia) is a volleyball player from Iran, who plays for the Men's National Team.	Milad Ebadipour	Iran
country of citizenship	Jean-Luc Raharimanana (born June 26, 1967, Antananarivo, Madagascar) is a Malagasy writer in French.	Jean-Luc Raharimanana	Madagascar
country of citizenship	Modesto Montoya (born 24 February 1949) is a nuclear physicist at the Instituto Peruano de Energía Nuclear in Lima, Peru.	Modesto Montoya	Peru
country of citizenship	Yitzhak Kahan (Hebrew: יצחק כהן‎; November 15, 1913 -- April 24, 1985) was President of the Supreme Court of Israel from 1982 until 1983.	Yitzhak Kahan	Israel
country of citizenship	Michael Judge is a former professional snooker player from the Republic of Ireland.	Michael Judge	Ireland
country of citizenship	Jonah Ogunniyi Otunla OFR, (born June 12, 1955) is a Nigerian Financial accountant and former Accountant General of the Federation of Nigeria.	Jonah Ogunniyi Otunla	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Jean-François-Joseph Lecointe (1783--1858) was official architect to king Charles X of France.	Jean-François-Joseph Lecointe	France
country of citizenship	Dr. Phan Huy Quát (Hà Tĩnh Province, 1908 or 1 July 1909 -- 27 April 1979) served as acting Prime Minister of the State of Vietnam and also as Prime Minister of the Republic of Vietnam.	Phan Huy Quát	Vietnam
country of citizenship	Kesavan Soon (born 1939) was a top sprinter in Singapore.	Kesavan Soon	Singapore
country of citizenship	Liviu Voinea (Romanian pronunciation: (ˈlivju ˈvojne̯a); born 1975) is a Romanian economist who served as Budget Minister and who was nominated on November 9, 2015 by the Social-Democratic Party to be the new Prime Minister of Romania.	Liviu Voinea	Romania
country of citizenship	Rashad Mammadov (Azerbaijani: Rəşad Məmmədov, born 23 July 1974) is an ethnic Azerbaijani judoka from Belarus.	Rashad Mammadov	Belarus
country of citizenship	Professor Dr Joachim Burger (born 27 June 1969 in Aschaffenburg, Bavaria, Germany) is a German anthropologist and molecular biologist based at Johannes Gutenberg University, Mainz, Germany, where he runs the Palaeogenetics Group at the Institute of Anthropology.	Joachim Burger	Germany
country of citizenship	Evil Activities is a Hardcore techno music dj group formed in 1998 in Netherlands.	Evil Activities	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Jean de Nogaret de La Valette (1527-- December 18, 1575) was a Cavalry Colonel and Lieutenant General of France.	Jean de Nogaret de La Valette	France
country of citizenship	Jean Dollfus was born in Mulhouse, France, in 1800, the son of Daniel Dollfus and Anne Marie Mieg.	Jean Dollfus	France
country of citizenship	After beginning a career as a journalist at the regional newspaper Le Nouvelliste, André Simonazzi first joined the relief organization Caritas Switzerland's media department, before becoming its national spokesman in 1998.	André Simonazzi	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Fabrice Lig, also known as Soul Designer (born Fabrice Ligny, 1972 in Charleroi, Belgium), is a techno music producer.	Fabrice Lig	Belgium
country of citizenship	Gohar Markosjan-Käsper (Armenian: Գոհար Մարկոսյան-Կասպեր; 14 July 1949 -- 15 September 2015) was an Armenian writer who lived in Tallinn, Estonia.	Gohar Markosjan-Käsper	Estonia
country of citizenship	Emmanuel Ekwueme (born November 22, 1979 in Mbaise, Nigeria) is a professional football midfielder.	Emmanuel Ekwueme	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Ezana of Axum (Ge'ez: ዔዛና ʿĒzānā unvocalized ዐዘነ ʿzn; also spelled Aezana or Aizan) was ruler of the Kingdom of Aksum (320s -- c. 360AD) located in present-day Ethiopia, Eritrea, Yemen, southern Saudi Arabia, northern Somalia, Djibouti, northern Sudan, and southern Egypt.	Ezana of Axum	Kingdom of Aksum
country of citizenship	Maria Louise Joensen (born January 21, 1985 in Copenhagen, Denmark), professionally known as Aura Dione, is a multi-platinum selling Danish recording artist of Faroese, Spanish, French and Danish origin.	Aura Dione	Denmark
country of citizenship	Abdallah Gomaa (Arabic: عبد الله جمعة‎; born 10 January 1996) is an Egyptian professional footballer who plays for ENPPI and the Egypt U-20.	Abdallah Gomaa	Egypt
country of citizenship	Katrin Zeller (born March 1, 1979 in Oberstdorf, Bavaria, West Germany) is a German cross country skier who has competed since 1997.	Katrin Zeller	Germany
country of citizenship	Anthony Danze (born 15 March 1984 in Perth, Western Australia) is an Australian footballer who last played for Perth Glory.	Anthony Danze	Australia
country of citizenship	Guillermo Reynaldo Cortez (1939--1969) was an officer in the Air Force of El Salvador, and is a national hero in El Salvador.	Guillermo Reynaldo Cortez	El Salvador
country of citizenship	Yagyū Jūbei Mitsuyoshi (柳生 十兵衞 三厳, 1607 -- April 12, 1650) was one of the most famous and romanticized of the samurai in Japan's feudal era.	Yagyū Jūbei Mitsuyoshi	Japan
country of citizenship	Gustavo González Hernández is a Mexican politician from the state of Jalisco, Mexico.	Gustavo González Hernández	Mexico
country of citizenship	Mala Zimetbaum was born in Brzesko, Poland, the youngest of five children; during her childhood the family relocated to Belgium.	Mala Zimetbaum	Belgium
country of citizenship	Victor Zilberman (born 20 September 1947 in Bucharest) is a retired boxer from Romania.	Victor Zilberman	Romania
country of citizenship	Dorit Beinisch (Hebrew: דורית ביניש‎; born February 28, 1942) was the 9th president of the Supreme Court of Israel.	Dorit Beinisch	Israel
country of citizenship	He is cousin Ivan Bukenya a Ugandan professional footballer who currently plays for Kaizer Chiefs in the South African Premier Soccer League.Savio Kabugo Was The Hero As Uganda Beat Ghana 1-0 At Namboole in an AFCON Qualifier in November 2014-His headed goal ensured that Cranes secured a much-needed win.	Savio Kabugo	Uganda
country of citizenship	Zsuzsanna Sirokay (Hungarian pronunciation: (ˈʒuʒanːa ˈʃirokɒj)) (born 28 March 1941 in Ungvár, Carpathian Ruthenia, Hungary) is a Hungarian pianist and lives in Switzerland.	Zsuzsanna Sirokay	Hungary
country of citizenship	Fredrick Obateru Akinruntan (born 1950) is a Nigerian monarch, the traditional ruler of Ugbo Kingdom, a town in Ilaje, Ondo State, southwestern Nigeria.	Fredrick Obateru Akinruntan	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Jan Carlo DeFan Kristal (born December 26, 1977 in Guadalajara, Jalisco, Mexico) is the lead guitarist in ELAN, one of Latin America's most critically acclaimed and commercially successful independent Latino bands.	Jan Carlo DeFan	Mexico
country of citizenship	Rudy La Scala (born January 20, 1954) is a singer-songwriter and record producer, born in Rocca di Papa, Lazio, Italy.	Rudy La Scala	Italy
country of citizenship	Stella Obasanjo (14 November 1945 -- 23 October 2005) was the First Lady of Nigeria from 1999 until her death.	Stella Obasanjo	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Oscar Olivera Foronda (born 1955) was one of the main leaders of the protesters against the water privatization in Bolivia.	Oscar Olivera	Bolivia
country of citizenship	Frederik Albert Cammermeyer was born in Innvik (now Stryn), in Sogn og Fjordane county, Norway.	Albert Cammermeyer	Norway
country of citizenship	Han Young-sil (Hangul: 한영실; born November 14, 1957), is a professor and nutritionist in South Korea.	Han Young-sil	South Korea
country of citizenship	Mariana Villanueva (born Mexico City, 1964) is a Mexican music educator and composer.	Mariana Villanueva	Mexico
country of citizenship	Paíto started representing Mozambique at age 20.	Paíto	Mozambique
country of citizenship	Bo Jonsson (Grip) (early 1330s -- 20 August 1386) was head of the royal council and marshal under the regency of Magnus IV of Sweden.	Bo Jonsson (Grip)	Sweden
country of citizenship	In 2014, Seema Biswas has been included in the prestigious five member jury board of 45th International Film Festival of India(IFFI) to be held from 20 to 30 November at Goa.	Seema Biswas	India
country of citizenship	Vice-Admiral Mamy Ranaivoniarivo (born 6 December 1950 in Ambalavao, Haute Matsiatra) was briefly the Defence Minister of Madagascar in early 2009.	Mamy Ranaivoniarivo	Madagascar
country of citizenship	Euson became famous in the early 70s in the Netherlands and in Latin America.	Euson	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Job Seda (born 1956), better known as Ayub Ogada, is a Kenya-born singer.	Ayub Ogada	Kenya
country of citizenship	Paul Dolden (born January 23, 1956 in Ottawa, Canada), is an electroacoustic music composer, currently living in Montréal, Canada.	Paul Dolden	Canada
country of citizenship	Björn Ove Christer Mattiasson (born 29 July 1971 in Borås, Sweden) is a Swedish former footballer and football manager.	Christer Mattiasson	Sweden
country of citizenship	Ahmed Hassan Barata is a Nigerian politician who was elected to the Adamawa South Senatorial seat in Adamawa State, Nigeria in the April 2011 federal elections.	Ahmed Hassan Barata	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Following the death of Israr Ali on 1 February 2016, Wazir Mohammad became Pakistan's oldest living Test cricketer.	Wazir Mohammad	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Juan Ramón Valdés Gómez, called ``Yiki'', (born 1968 Manicaragua, Cuba) is a modern Cuban artist whose paintings are representative of twentieth century vanguardia artists who rejected the academic conventions of Cuba's national art academy.	Juan Ramón Valdés Gómez	Cuba
country of citizenship	Lucifer Chu (Chinese: 朱學恒; pinyin: Zhū Xuéhéng; Wade--Giles: Chu Hsueh-heng; born February 19, 1975) graduated from Taiwan's National Central University in 1998 with a B.S in electrical engineering.	Lucifer Chu	Taiwan
country of citizenship	Phatsorn Jaksuninkorn (Thai: ภัสสร จักษุนิลกร) (formerly Sangwan Jaksunin) (born December 10, 1984 in Bangkok) is a track and field sprint athlete who competes internationally for Thailand.	Phatsorn Jaksuninkorn	Thailand
country of citizenship	Olaf Fønss (17 October 1882--11 March 1949) was a Danish actor, director, producer, film censor and one of Denmark and Germany's biggest stars of the silent film era.	Olaf Fønss	Denmark
country of citizenship	Hoang Kieu (born in Vietnam - Triệu Phong, Quảng Trị Province) is a Vietnamese-born American billionaire who owns 37% of Shanghai RAAS Blood Products, which is traded on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange.	Hoang Kieu	Vietnam
country of citizenship	Henry Robert Richmond (1829--1890) was a 19th-century New Zealand politician and farmer, and brother of James Crowe Richmond and William Richmond.	Henry Robert Richmond	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Alberto Dualib (born 1920 in São Paulo, Brazil) is a Brazilian businessman of Lebanese descent.	Alberto Dualib	Brazil
country of citizenship	Carles Fages de Climent (1902 in Figueres -- 1968) was a writer, poet and journalist from the Empordà, a historical region of Catalonia, Spain.	Carles Fages de Climent	Spain
country of citizenship	Merkelis Petkevičius (Polish: Melchior Pietkiewicz; c. 1550--1608) was Reformation (Calvinist) activist in the Grand Duchy of Lithuania.	Merkelis Petkevičius	Lithuania
country of citizenship	In Italy, Charlotte Bonin represents the Gruppo Sportivo Fiamme Gialle, which, technically speaking, is part of the Polizia Penitenziaria.	Charlotte Bonin	Italy
country of citizenship	Elizabeth Leila Ralston Fergusson (16 April 1867--12 February 1930) was a New Zealand nurse, midwife and poultry farmer.	Elizabeth Leila Ralston Fergusson	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Franz Rautek (1902--1989) was a martial arts teacher in Vienna, Austria.	Franz Rautek	Austria
country of citizenship	Eli Shukron(hebrew: אלי שוקרון) is an Israeli archaeologist employed by the Israel Antiquities Authority.	Eli Shukron	Israel
country of citizenship	Khagaraj Adhikari, a member of Communist Party of Nepal (Unified Marxist-Leninist), assumed the post of the Minister of Health and Population of Nepal on 25 February 2014 under Sushil Koirala-led government.	Khagaraj Adhikari	Nepal
country of citizenship	Neil Blaney was born in 1922 in the rural Fanad Peninsula in the north of County Donegal, in Ireland.	Neil Blaney	Ireland
country of citizenship	Nancy Kemp-Arendt (born 22 May 1969, in Esch-sur-Alzette), née Nancy Arendt, is a politician and former athlete from Luxembourg.	Nancy Kemp-Arendt	Luxembourg
country of citizenship	Peter Barr (9 July 1861 -- 21 March 1951) was a New Zealand accountant.	Peter Barr	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Mohammad Mohammadi Gilani (Persian: محمد محمدی گیلانی‎) (1928 -- 9 July 2014) was a member of the Assembly of Experts of the Islamic Republic of Iran.	Mohammad Mohammadi Gilani	Iran
country of citizenship	Marcin Kromer (German: Martin Cromer; 11 November 1512 -- 23 March 1589) was Prince-Bishop of Warmia (Ermland), a Polish cartographer, diplomat and historian in the Kingdom of Poland and later in the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth.	Marcin Kromer	Poland
country of citizenship	Amir Kabir served as the Prime Minister of Persia (Iran) under Naser al-Din Shah.	Amir Kabir	Iran
country of citizenship	Hon. Thomas Otto Bishop MLC (1877 -- 1 May 1952) was a New Zealand politician of the National Party.	Thomas Otto Bishop	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Linas Balsys (born 1976 in Radviliškis) is a paralympic athlete from Lithuania competing mainly in category T12 long distance running events.	Linas Balsys	Lithuania
country of citizenship	Edmund Anscombe (8 February 1874 -- 9 October 1948) was one of the most important figures to shape the architectural and urban fabric of New Zealand.	Edmund Anscombe	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Paty Díaz (born Patricia Díaz, March 17, 1974 in San Luis Río Colorado, Sonora, Mexico) is a Mexican actress and model.	Paty Díaz	Mexico
country of citizenship	Bessie Amelia Emery Head, known as Bessie Head (6 July 1937 -- 17 April 1986), though born in South Africa, is usually considered Botswana's most influential writer.	Bessie Head	South Africa
country of citizenship	Rica Reinisch (born April 6, 1965 in Seifhennersdorf, Saxony) is a retired swimmer from East Germany.	Rica Reinisch	East Germany
country of citizenship	Matjaž Debelak (born 27 August 1965 in Braslovče) is a Slovenian former ski jumper who competed for Yugoslavia from 1986 to 1990.	Matjaž Debelak	Yugoslavia
country of citizenship	Aatef Jenyat (Arabic: عاطف جنيات‎) (born 8 May 1984 in Homs, Syria) is a Syrian footballer who is currently a Free agent, and is a former member of the Syria national football team.	Aatef Jenyat	Syria
country of citizenship	Tamara Benitez (also Mara Benitez) (born 14 October 1983) is a Filipina Cinematographer and camera operator, based in Metro Manila, Philippines.	Tamara Benitez	Philippines
country of citizenship	Tsui Chi Ho (Chinese: 徐志豪; Jyutping: ceoi4 zi3 hou4; born 17 February 1990) is a Hong Kong sprinter.	Tsui Chi Ho	Hong Kong
country of citizenship	Max Saalmüller (26 November 1832 in Römhild, Germany -- 12 October 1890 in Bockenheim (Frankfurt am Main)) was a Prussian Lieutenant colonel and German entomologist.	Max Saalmüller	Germany
country of citizenship	Viktor Alksnis was a strong opponent of the breakup of the Soviet Union and of the independence of the Baltic States.	Viktor Alksnis	Soviet Union
country of citizenship	Wendy Blacklock AM (born 1932, Sydney, Australia) is an Australia-based theatre actress and producer and television actress best known for her long-running role of Edith ``Mummy'' MacDonald in the 1970s television soap opera Number 96.	Wendy Blacklock	Australia
country of citizenship	Antonio Aquitania (born January 16, 1977 in Philippines) is a Filipino actor and model.	Antonio Aquitania	Philippines
country of citizenship	Myriam Thyes (born 1963 in Luxembourg) is a new media artist from Switzerland.	Myriam Thyes	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Maerten de Vos and Ambrosius Francken were also chosen as the chief designers of the decorations for the 1594 Joyous Entry into Antwerp of the newly appointed governor of the Southern Netherlands, Archduke Ernest of Austria.	Maerten de Vos	Southern Netherlands
country of citizenship	Hans Christian Ulrik Midelfart was born at Byneset parish in Trondheim, Sør-Trøndelag, Norway.	Hans Christian Ulrik Midelfart	Norway
country of citizenship	George Langelaan (19 January 1908 -- 9 February 1972) was a British writer and journalist born in Paris, France.	George Langelaan	France
country of citizenship	Alaric I (Gothic: Alareiks - ``supreme chief'' ; b. 370 (or 375) -- d. 410) was the first King of the Visigoths from 395--410, son (or paternal grandson) of chieftain Rothestes.	Alaric I	Visigoths
country of citizenship	Ben Barrington is a New Zealand actor, who has appeared in many local productions, including The Insider's Guide To Happiness, The Insider's Guide To Love, The Strip, Outrageous Fortune, and Top of the Lake, but is best known for his role, ``Olaf Johnson'' in The Almighty Johnsons.	Ben Barrington	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Thomas Denniston (28 March 1821 -- 14 September 1897) was a New Zealand farmer and newspaper editor.	Thomas Denniston	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Matelo Ferret was the youngest of the three Ferret brothers, Gitan gypsies from Rouen, France who made their way to Paris and there made the acquaintance of Django Reinhardt in 1931.	Matelo Ferret	France
country of citizenship	Georges Pintens (born 15 October 1946 in Antwerp) is a former professional road bicycle racer from Belgium who excelled at one-day classic races during the 1960s and 1970s.	Georges Pintens	Belgium
country of citizenship	Alhar/Alhad Bikaneri (Late Shri.Alhar Bikaneri) (17 May 1937 -- 17 June 2009) was a renowned Hindi and Urdu poet of Hasya Ras(Humor) of India.	Alhar Bikaneri	India
country of citizenship	Nefise Karatay (born 1976 in Izmir) is a television personality, actress, and former beauty pageant titleholder from Turkey.	Nefise Karatay	Turkey
country of citizenship	Trygve Wiese holds a Master of Science (MSc) degree in Economics and Business Administration from Norwegian School of Economics and Business Administration (NHH) in Bergen, Norway.	Trygve Wiese	Norway
country of citizenship	Betty Bird was born on June 18, 1901 in Vienna, Austria-Hungary as Hilde Elisabeth Ptack.	Betty Bird	Austria
country of citizenship	Kim Wagner (born in Denmark in 1969) is a Danish singer, songwriter and musician.	Kim Wagner	Denmark
country of citizenship	Shanon Shah (born 14 August 1978 in Alor Star, Kedah), is a singer-songwriter, playwright and journalist from Malaysia.	Shanon Shah	Malaysia
country of citizenship	Lieutenant General Ismail Saleh (7 November 1926 -- 21 October 2008) was Prosecutor General and later Minister of Justice of Indonesia.	Ismail Saleh	Indonesia
country of citizenship	Martin Mubiru (born December 25, 1984) is a boxer from Uganda, who won the bronze medal at 2006 Commonwealth Games.	Martin Mubiru	Uganda
country of citizenship	Orani João Tempesta, O.Cist., (Portuguese pronunciation: (oɾɐˈɲi) (SP) or (ɔɾɐ̃ˈɲi) (RJ) (ˈʒwɐ̃w tẽˈpɛʃtɐ) born on 23 June 1950) is the current Metropolitan Archbishop of Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.	Orani João Tempesta	Brazil
country of citizenship	Lucid Fall (2001), Oh, Love (오, 사랑; 2005), A Night at Border (국경의 밤; 2007), Les Misérables (2009), and the latest album Beautiful Days (아름다운 날들) released in South Korea on December 20, 2011.	Lucid Fall	South Korea
country of citizenship	Amadou Ly was born in the country of Senegal.	Amadou Ly	Senegal
country of citizenship	Ladji Doucouré (born 28 March 1983 in Juvisy-sur-Orge, department of Essonne in France) is a French track and field athlete.	Ladji Doucouré	France
country of citizenship	The Reverend Alexander Peden (1626 -- 26 January 1686), also known as ``Prophet Peden'', was one of the leading figures in the Covenanter movement in Scotland.	Alexander Peden	Scotland
country of citizenship	Julia Lezhneva was born on December 5, 1989 in Yuzhno-Sakhalinsk (Sakhalin island), Russia, into a family of geophysicists.	Julia Lezhneva	Russia
country of citizenship	Suveeran is a film and drama director from Calicut, India.	Suveeran	India
country of citizenship	Marta Verginella (born 20 June 1960) is an Italian historian from the Slovene minority in Italy in Trieste, notable as one of the most prominent contemporary Slovene historians.	Marta Verginella	Italy
country of citizenship	After a turbulent life, Benoît de Boigne returned to Europe, first to England, where he married a French emigrant after having repudiated his first, Persian wife; then to France during the Consulate, and finally back to Savoy (then an independent kingdom).	Benoît de Boigne	France
country of citizenship	Toa Kohe-Love (born 2 December 1976 in Wellington, New Zealand) is a professional rugby league player.	Toa Kohe-Love	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Juha Suoranta (born February 24, 1966, Tampere, Finland) is a Finnish social scientist, and public intellectual.	Juha Suoranta	Finland
country of citizenship	Paul Allaerts (born 9 July 1964 in Mol, Belgium) is a Belgian former football referee.	Paul Allaerts	Belgium
country of citizenship	Paolo Enrico Tusi Contis (born March 14, 1984 in Manila, Philippines), better known as Paolo Contis, is a Filipino-Italian actor who first appeared as a child actor in the ABS-CBN show Ang TV.	Paolo Contis	Philippines
country of citizenship	Buffy Sainte-Marie was born in 1941 on the Piapot Plains Cree First Nation Reserve in the Qu'Appelle Valley, Saskatchewan, Canada.	Buffy Sainte-Marie	Canada
country of citizenship	Hassan Blasim (born 1973) is an Iraqi-born film director and writer who lives in Finland.	Hassan Blasim	Finland
country of citizenship	Tony Cowell (born 1950 in United Kingdom) is an author, journalist and showbiz reporter, columnist for Best Magazine.	Tony Cowell	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	Neelapu Rami Reddy (Telugu: నీలాపు రామి రెడ్డి) (born 1 June 1965) is a former sprinter and national athletics champion from Andhra Pradesh, India.	Neelapu Rami Reddy	India
country of citizenship	Palliyara Sreedharan is a writer in India on Mathematics.	Palliyara Sreedharan	India
country of citizenship	Sandrine Fricot (born 4 June 1968 in Épinal) is a retired high jumper from France, who set her personal best on 8 June 1992, jumping 1.93 metres at a meet in Belfort.	Sandrine Fricot	France
country of citizenship	Nektarios Alexandrou (Greek: Νεκτάριος Αλεξάνδρου; born 19 December 1983 in Nicosia, Cyprus) is a Cypriot international footballer who plays for Cypriot First Division side APOEL.	Nektarios Alexandrou	Cyprus
country of citizenship	Raquel Martínez Rabanal (born 1979) is a journalist and a television and radio hostess from Palencia, Spain.	Raquel Martínez Rabanal	Spain
country of citizenship	The Van Deursen, Van Deusen, Van Duser, Van Duzer, Van Duzor, Vanduzee, and Van Dusen families of the United States and Canada are all descended from Abraham Pietersen van Deusen, a miller and a native originating from Haarlem in the Netherlands.	Abraham Pietersen van Deusen	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Marina Núñez del Prado was born in La Paz, Bolivia on 17 October 1910 From early on, Marina studied the plastic arts.	Marina Núñez del Prado	Bolivia
country of citizenship	Thirurangadi Bappu Musliyar was a Muslim scholar, poet and of one of the traditionalist Sunni Muslims in Kerala, India.	Thirurangadi Bappu Musliyar	India
country of citizenship	Aysun Kayacı (born March 23, 1981 in Istanbul, Turkey) is a former Turkish model, current actress and presenter.	Aysun Kayacı	Turkey
country of citizenship	Ekkapong Suratsawang (Thai เอกพงษ์ สุรัตน์สว่าง ), is a Thai futsal Striker, and currently a member of Thailand national futsal team.	Ekkapong Suratsawang	Thailand
country of citizenship	Hajdar Blloshmi (Bërzeshtë, Librazhd District, Ottoman Empire 1860 -- 1936 Bërzeshtë, Librazhd District, Albania) was one of the signatories of Albanian Declaration of Independence and a deputy of Pogradec in the Albanian parliament.	Hajdar Blloshmi	Albania
country of citizenship	David Char Navas is a Colombian politician who served as Member of the Chamber of Representatives of Colombia from 2002 to 2006 and as Senator of Colombia from 2006 to 2008.	David Char Navas	Colombia
country of citizenship	Richard Legendre (born January 19, 1953) is a former professional tennis player and politician in Quebec, Canada.	Richard Legendre	Canada
country of citizenship	Samuel ben Judah ibn Tibbon (c. 1150 - c. 1230), more commonly known as Samuel ibn Tibbon (Hebrew: '‎שמואל בן יהודה אבן תבון, Arabic: '‎ابن تبّون), was a Jewish philosopher and doctor who lived and worked in Provence, later part of France.	Samuel ibn Tibbon	France
country of citizenship	Yaw Preko (born 8 September 1974 in Accra) is a former football striker from Ghana.	Yaw Preko	Ghana
country of citizenship	Petros Fyssoun was born in Agrinio, Greece, his father was a Russian emigre, who was established in Greece after the Russian Revolution.	Petros Fyssoun	Greece
country of citizenship	His Highness Sheikh Abu Abdullah Sabah I bin Jaber Al Sabah (Arabic: أبو عبدالله صباح الأول‎) (c. 1700 -- 1762) was the first ruler of Kuwait.	Sabah I bin Jaber	Kuwait
country of citizenship	Mustafa Mujezinović (born 27 December 1954) was the Prime Minister of Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina, one of the two entities of Bosnia and Herzegovina from 2009 to 2011.	Mustafa Mujezinović	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country of citizenship	Maximo Nelson (born April 21, 1982 in Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic) is a Dominican professional baseball pitcher who played for the Chunichi Dragons of Nippon Professional Baseball.	Maximo Nelson	Dominican Republic
country of citizenship	Felix Somary (21 November 1881, Vienna, Austria -- 11 July 1956, Zurich, Switzerland) was an Austrian-Swiss banker; he is also noted as a student of political economy.	Felix Somary	Austria	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Jean de Dieu Soloniaina Razanadrakoto (born 26 February 1974) is an amateur boxer from Madagascar who qualified for the 2008 Olympics at lightweight at the 2nd AIBA African 2008 Olympic Qualifying Tournament.	Jean de Dieu Soloniaina	Madagascar
country of citizenship	Norberto Bocchi (born September 29, 1961 in Parma, Italy) is an Italian bridge player.	Norberto Bocchi	Italy
country of citizenship	Bodil Mårtensson (born 1952 in Karlskrona, Sweden) is a Swedish author of crime (police) novels and adventure books for the moderately young.	Bodil Mårtensson	Sweden
country of citizenship	Master E. S. probably came from southwestern Germany or Switzerland, as did the engraver called the Master of the Playing Cards.	Master E. S.	Germany
country of citizenship	Quirino Majorana (28 October 1871 -- 31 July 1957) was an Italian experimental physicist who investigated a wide range of phenomena during his long career as professor of physics at the Universities of Rome, Turin (1916--1921), and Bologna (1921--1934), Italy.	Quirino Majorana	Italy
country of citizenship	Deepti Divakar is an Indian model and winner of Miss India in 1981.	Deepti Divakar	India
country of citizenship	Stefan Richter (born July 2, 1972) is a chef from Finland, who has resided for many years in Santa Monica, California.	Stefan Richter	Finland
country of citizenship	Aline Sitoe Diatta (also Aline Sitow Diatta and Alyn Sytoe Jata; 1920 -- 1944) was a Senegalese heroine of the opposition to French colonialism, often called the Joan of Arc or the Marianne of Senegal.	Aline Sitoe Diatta	Senegal
country of citizenship	Major-General George Dean Pitt, KH (1781 or 1772 - 8 January 1851) was Lieutenant-Governor of the former New Zealand Province of New Ulster from 14 February 1848 to his death on 8 January 1851.	George Dean Pitt	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Gordon Michael Woolvett (born June 12, 1970) is a Canadian-born actor from Hamilton, Ontario Canada, best known for his work as Seamus Zelazny Harper on the television series Andromeda (2000--2005).	Gordon Michael Woolvett	Canada
country of citizenship	The body of Maurice Audin not having been found, a death certificate was issued by a court in Algiers on 1 June 1963, a judgment which was recognized in France on 27 May 1966.	Maurice Audin	France
country of citizenship	Sanat Mehta (18 or 19 April 1925 -- 19 August 2015) was an Indian politician and social activist from Gujarat, India.	Sanat Mehta	India
country of citizenship	Ann-Louise Skoglund (born June 28, 1962) is a retired track and field hurdler from Sweden.	Ann-Louise Skoglund	Sweden
country of citizenship	Georg Preidler (born 17 June 1990 in Graz, Austria; now lives in Stone Forest) is an Austrian cyclist.	Georg Preidler	Austria
country of citizenship	Marco Antonio González Junquera (born July 9, 1966 in Barcelona, Catalonia) is a former water polo player from Spain.	Marco Antonio González	Spain
country of citizenship	Thierry Jarnet (born 24 March 1967) is a champion thoroughbred flat racing jockey in France who won the title four times from 1992-1995.	Thierry Jarnet	France
country of citizenship	Peter R. Adam (born May 29, 1957 in Pirmasens, Germany) is a film editor.	Peter R. Adam	Germany
country of citizenship	Wilfrid Nelson Isaac (30 March 1893--15 June 1972) was a New Zealand jeweller, enameller, metalworker and art school director.	Wilfrid Nelson Isaac	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Linde van den Bosch (born 1963) is the leader of The Dutch Language Union, or De Nederlandse Taalunie, which contains The Netherlands, Belgium and Suriname.	Linde van den Bosch	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Claudio Daniel González (born September 12, 1976 in Posadas, Argentina) is a former Argentine footballer currently playing for clubs in Argentina and Chile.	Claudio Daniel González	Argentina
country of citizenship	Cyril Thomas is a professional boxer from France.	Cyril Thomas	France
country of citizenship	Ali Amin Khan Gandapur is a Pakistani politician who serves as the Member of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Assembly representing Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf and as KP Minister of Revenue & Estate in the Pervez Khattak administration.	Ali Amin Khan	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Jan Willem Spruyt (4 July 1826 in Uithoorn, Netherlands -- 8 September 1908 in Inanda, Natal), also known as Jan Willem Spruijt and Jan Willem Landskroon Spruijt (birthname), was a South African civil servant, lawyer and statesman of Dutch descent.	Jan Willem Spruyt	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Ruth Maier (10 November 1920 in Vienna, Austria -- 1 December 1942 in Auschwitz, Poland) was an Austrian woman whose diaries describing her experiences of the Holocaust in Austria and Norway were published in 2007; reviews described her as ``Norway's Anne Frank.''	Ruth Maier	Austria
country of citizenship	Wiremu Hikairo (c. 1780/90 -- 28 October 1851) was a New Zealand tribal leader and peacemaker.	Wiremu Hikairo	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Arefaine Berhe has been the Minister of Agriculture of Eritrea since Tesfai Ghirmazion was moved to the Ministry of Land, Water, and Environment in February 1997.	Arefaine Berhe	Eritrea
country of citizenship	Cinzia Petrucci (born October 28, 1955 in Rome) is a retired shot putter from Italy.	Cinzia Petrucci	Italy
country of citizenship	Orlando Lattmann (born 25 August 1989) is a footballer from Switzerland who retires from professional football 2011.	Orlando Lattmann	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Hawad, sometimes Mahmoudan Hawad, (born 1950) is a Tuareg poet and author born in the Aïr region of Niger and who currently lives and publishes from Aix-en-Provence, France.	Hawad	Niger
country of citizenship	William Lamport was born in either 1611 (according to his brother) or 1615 (other sources) in Wexford, Ireland to a family of Catholic merchants.	William Lamport	Ireland
country of citizenship	For these reasons, Henry Hope the younger is usually referred to as Scottish, though he was born in America and emigrated to the Netherlands to join the family business at a young age.	Henry Hope	Netherlands
country of citizenship	George Coandă (born 12 October 1937, Şimian, Bihor, Romania), is a historian, novelist, poet and literary critic, historian of culture and Romanian journalist.	George Coandă	Romania
country of citizenship	Younis Khalifa Al-Mushaifri commonly known as Younis Al-Mushaifri (Arabic: يونس خليفة المشيفري‎; born 24 October 1981) is an Omani footballer and a former Volleyball player who plays for Dhofar S.C.S.C. in the Oman Professional League.	Younis Al-Mushaifri	Oman
country of citizenship	Sona MacDonald (born May 11, 1961 in Vienna, Austria) is an Austrian-American actress and singer.	Sona MacDonald	Austria
country of citizenship	Luis Carlos Galán Sarmiento (29 September 1943 -- 18 August 1989) was a Colombian journalist and liberal politician who ran for the presidency of Colombia on two occasions, the first time representing the Liberal Party in 1982 which he lost to Belisario Betancur.	Luis Carlos Galán	Colombia
country of citizenship	Born in Estoril, Paím was once regarded has the most promising young player in Portugal by Cristiano Ronaldo, who said upon arriving at Manchester United: ``If you think I'm good, just wait until you see Fábio Paím''.	Fábio Paím	Portugal
country of citizenship	Mark Wotte (born 16 December 1960 in Enschede, Overijssel) is a football player and manager from the Netherlands.	Mark Wotte	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Born at Terrebonne in what was then known as Canada East, he was the only son of David Rodolphe Forget, a lawyer at Terrebonne who was the brother of the Hon. Louis-Joseph Forget.	Rodolphe Forget	Canada
country of citizenship	Kamala Ranathunga (also spelled Ranatunge) (born 19 October 1937) is a Sri Lankan politician and a member of the Parliament of Sri Lanka.	Kamala Ranathunga	Sri Lanka
country of citizenship	Florin Fântânaru (born on the 4th of April 1987, Focsani (Vrancea), Romania) is a Romanian rugby union footballer.	Florin Fântânaru	Romania
country of citizenship	Roberto Mura (born June 5, 1955 in Pavia, Italy) is an Italian politician and businessman.	Roberto Mura	Italy
country of citizenship	Samir Abd Muhammad al-Khlifawi (died January 2014), better known by the nom de guerre Haji Bakr, was ``the strategic head'' of the rebel group ``Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant'' (ISIL) and previously a colonel in Saddam Hussein's intelligence services.	Haji Bakr	Iraq
country of citizenship	Cordula Trantow (b. 29 December 1942 in Berlin, Germany) is a German actress and director.	Cordula Trantow	Germany
country of citizenship	Benjamin Eicher (born 1974-03-31 in Tübingen, Germany) is a film director famous for his cult film sequel Dei Mudder Sei Gesicht II and further feature-length gangster comedies.	Benjamin Eicher	Germany
country of citizenship	Raymonde Berthoud (November 24, 1919 -- May 27, 2007) was born in Neuchâtel, Switzerland and was the fourth of Henri Berthoud and Marianne Perrier's five children.	Raymonde Berthoud	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Jobie Nutarak (May 10, 1947 -- April 22, 2006) was a politician from Nunavut in northern Canada.	Jobie Nutarak	Canada
country of citizenship	Magnus Eliassen (born in Bodø, Norway on 2 January 1981) is a Norwegian singer-songwriter and record producer.	Magnus Eliassen	Norway
country of citizenship	Geetanjali Shree गीताजंली क्ष्री (She was known as Geentanjali Pandey, and she took her mother's first name Shree as her last name ) (born 1957) is a Hindi novelist and short story writer based in New Delhi, India.	Geetanjali Shree	India
country of citizenship	Te Radar (born Andrew J. Lumsden) is a New Zealand comedian and television personality.	Te Radar	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Henry Stolow (Latvian: Henrijs Stolovs/Heinrihs Stolovs) (Born 1901 in Riga, Latvia -- Died 1971) was a stamp dealer in Berlin, New York, and Munich who was behind the issue of numerous stamps of doubtful validity.	Henry Stolow	Latvia
country of citizenship	Stefan Niedziałkowski (born 12 March 1945; Warsaw, Poland) mime artist, author, director, teacher and choreographer.	Stefan Niedziałkowski	Poland
country of citizenship	Connla Cáem (``the beautiful''), also known as Connla Cruaidchelgach (``bloody blade''), son of Irereo, was, according to medieval Irish legend and historical tradition, a High King of Ireland.	Connla Cáem	Ireland
country of citizenship	Dr. Jabbar Patel (born 23 June 1942, Pandharpur) is a theatre and film director of India.	Jabbar Patel	India
country of citizenship	Adriaantje Hollaer (1610 -- 0, 1693) was a Netherlands woman known for her portrait by Rembrandt, currently in a private collection.	Adriaantje Hollaer	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Miraç Kal (born 8 July 1987 in Konya, Turkey) is a Turkish road and track cyclist.	Miraç Kal	Turkey
country of citizenship	Douglas Mews (born 1956), is a New Zealand classical organist and harpsichordist.	Douglas Mews	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Mario Philip Azzopardi should not be confused with Maltese poet, short story writer and columnist Mario Azzopardi (born 1944), who is also involved in theatre and directs the Malta Drama Centre.	Mario Philip Azzopardi	Malta
country of citizenship	Paolo Casarin (born May 12, 1940 in Mestre) is a retired football referee from Italy.	Paolo Casarin	Italy
country of citizenship	Paul Antaki (January 16, 1927 in Cairo, Egypt - December 29, 2011) was the Melkite Greek Catholic titular archeparch of Nubia and auxiliary bishop.	Paul Antaki	Egypt
country of citizenship	Claudia Henkel (born 22 April 1983 in Pretoria, South Africa) is a South African beauty queen, who held the title Miss South Africa 2004.	Claudia Henkel	South Africa
country of citizenship	Elin Danielson-Gambogi was born in the small village of Noormarkku, near the city of Pori in Western Finland.	Elin Danielson-Gambogi	Finland
country of citizenship	Patrick Boivin (born 1975) is a film-maker from Montreal, Quebec, Canada.	Patrick Boivin	Canada
country of citizenship	The founder of the dynasty,Yusuf Adil Shah, may have been a Georgian slave who was purchased by Mahmud Gawan from Iran.	Yusuf Adil Shah	Iran
country of citizenship	The daughter of composer Einar Englund (1916--1999) and pianist Meri Gyllenbögel (1917-1956), Sorella Englund was born on 23 December 1945 in Helsinki, Finland.	Sorella Englund	Finland
country of citizenship	Morciré Sylla (3 March 1948 or 22 September 1948-- 12 August 2005) was a Guinea international football forward.	Morciré Sylla	Guinea
country of citizenship	Slobodan Bajić Paja was born in village Banovci in Croatia where he lived until his sixth year.	Slobodan Bajić Paja	Croatia
country of citizenship	Narmina Afandiyeva was born in Baku, in Soviet Azerbaijan in 1976.	Narmina Afandiyeva	Azerbaijan
country of citizenship	Domingo Díaz Arosemena (25 June 1875, in Panama City -- 23 August 1949) was Panamanian politician.	Domingo Díaz Arosemena	Panama
country of citizenship	Ruth Lapide (née Ruth Rosenblatt, born 1929 in Burghaslach), Franconia, Germany, is a Jewish theologian and historian who is foremost among German language scholars that endeavor to facilitate and improve understanding between Jews and Christians, to a degree also with Muslims.	Ruth Lapide	Germany
country of citizenship	Didi Longuet (born March 9, 1981 in Amsterdam, Netherlands) is a Dutch footballer who played on the professional level for Dutch Eredivisie league club RKC Waalwijk during the 2004-2006 seasons.	Didi Longuet	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Lieutenant Colonel José María Lemus Lopez (July 22, 1911 -- March 31, 1993) was President of El Salvador 14 September 1956 - 26 October 1960.	José María Lemus	El Salvador
country of citizenship	Sia Figiel (born 1967 Apia, Samoa) is a contemporary Samoan novelist, poet, and painter.	Sia Figiel	Samoa
country of citizenship	Sabyasachi Mukharji (1 June 1927 -- 25 September 1990) was an Indian jurist, who was the twentieth Chief Justice of India.	Sabyasachi Mukharji	India
country of citizenship	Leandro Lo Pereira do Nascimento (born in São Paulo, Brazil), is a current and multiple-time Brazilian jiu-jitsu world champion.	Leandro Lo	Brazil
country of citizenship	Andreína Gomes Cornejo, is a pageant titleholder, born in Caracas, Venezuela on August 17, 1986.	Andreína Gomes	Venezuela
country of citizenship	Rebecca Foon was born in 1978 in Canada, and raised in Downtown Eastside, Vancouver.	Rebecca Foon	Canada
country of citizenship	Erika Giovanna Klien began her studies at the Vienna School of Applied Arts, also known as Wien Kunstgewerbeschule in Vienna, Austria in 1919 and graduated in 1925.	Erika Giovanna Klien	Austria
country of citizenship	František Fuka is one of the pioneers of blogging in the Czech Republic.	František Fuka	Czech Republic
country of citizenship	Sebastian Kraupp (born May 20 1985) is a Swedish curler from Karlstad, Sweden.	Sebastian Kraupp	Sweden
country of citizenship	Ansel Krut (born 1959), Cape Town, South Africa is a painter who lives and works in London, United Kingdom Ansel Krut graduated with an MA in Painting from the Royal College of Art in 1986, after which he was awarded the Abbey Major scholarship to the British School in Rome.	Ansel Krut	South Africa
country of citizenship	James Man (1755--1823) was the founder of Man Group, the United Kingdom's largest alternative investment management business.	James Man	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	Topia Peehi Turoa (died 1903) was a notable New Zealand tribal leader.	Topia Peehi Turoa	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Thomas Tebbich (born February 4, 1975 in Graz, Styria) is a retired decathlete from Austria.	Thomas Tebbich	Austria
country of citizenship	Lawrence Cherney, CM (born May 1, 1946) is a Canadian oboist and the current Artistic Director of Soundstreams Canada.	Lawrence Cherney	Canada
country of citizenship	Together with the Swiss Socialist Fritz Platten, Otto Grimlund had been the main organizer of Lenin's 1917 trip from the exile in Switzerland, through Germany and Sweden, back to Russia.	Otto Grimlund	Sweden
country of citizenship	Thomas Parke (1793 -- January 29, 1864) was an architect, builder, journalist and political figure in Upper Canada.	Thomas Parke	Canada
country of citizenship	Admiral Sangad Chaloryu (Thai: สงัด ชลออยู่; rtgs: Sa-ngat Chaloyu; 4 March 1915 - 23 November 1980) was a Thai admiral and politician who served as head of the National Administrative Reform Council (NARC), a military junta that ruled Thailand from 1976-1980.	Sangad Chaloryu	Thailand
country of citizenship	Zulfiqar Ahmad Dhillon (born on October 2, 1948 in Addian village, Punjab) is a Pakistani politician and a retired Brigadier in the Pakistan Army.	Zulfiqar Ahmad Dhillon	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Jackson Palmer (1867 -- 13 August 1919) was the Member of Parliament for Waitemata and Ohinemuri, in the North Island of New Zealand.	Jackson Palmer	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Selim Nurudeen (born February 1, 1983) is a hurdler from Nigeria.	Selim Nurudeen	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Elio Gaspari (Naples, Italy, 1944) is a Brazilian journalist and writer resident in São Paulo, Brazil.	Elio Gaspari	Brazil
country of citizenship	Steve Kuzmicich (born 2 November 1931) is a statistician from New Zealand and was Government Statistician of New Zealand from 1984 to 1992.	Steve Kuzmicich	New Zealand
country of citizenship	I Gede Sukadana Pratama (born on October 18, 1987) is an Indonesian footballer who currently plays for in the Indonesia Super League.	I Gede Sukadana	Indonesia
country of citizenship	Ghan Shyam Yadav Ahir (Nepali: घनश्याम यादव) is a Nepalese politician, belonging to the Communist Party of Nepal (Maoist).	Ghan Shyam Yadav Ahir	Nepal
country of citizenship	Bolesław I the Brave (Czech: Boleslav Chrabrý; Polish: Bolesław I Chrobry Polish ; 967 -- 17 June 1025), less often known as Bolesław I the Great (Polish: Bolesław I Wielki), was Duke of Poland from 992 to 1025, and the first King of Poland in 1025.	Bolesław I the Brave	Poland
country of citizenship	According to the Norwegian-Icelandic saga tradition Erling Skjalgsson belonged to one of the most prominent clans in western Norway.	Erling Skjalgsson	Norway
country of citizenship	Sittipan Chumchuay (Thai: สิทธิพันธ์ ชุมช่วย, born April 25, 1988) is a professional footballer from Thailand.	Sittipan Chumchuay	Thailand
country of citizenship	According to some sources, Bernardo de la Torre was the person who changed the name of what used to be known as Islas de Poniente (``Islands towards the West'') to Felipinas or Philippines, to honour then Prince of Asturias and subsequent Spanish King Philip II of Spain.	Bernardo de la Torre	Spain
country of citizenship	Sherry Tsai (Chinese: 蔡曉慧; Jyutping: coi3 hiu2 wai6; born 4 September 1983) is a retired swimmer from Hong Kong.	Sherry Tsai	Hong Kong
country of citizenship	Prof. Sammu Raghu De Silva Chandrakeerthy (born in 1945) is an academic, researcher and practitioner of the discipline of engineering who has contributed to the development of Engineering Education and research in the field of Civil and Structural Engineering both in Sri Lanka and abroad.	Sammu Raghu De Silva Chandrakeerthy	Sri Lanka
country of citizenship	Kanakanayakam Gnanendramohan (Tamil: கனகநாயகம் ஞானேந்திரமோகன் Kaṉakanāyakam Ñāṉēntiramōkaṉ; 2 September 1960 -- 13 July 1984; commonly known by the nom de guerre Ranjan Lala) was a leading member of the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam (LTTE), a separatist Tamil militant organisation in Sri Lanka.	Ranjan Lala	Sri Lanka
country of citizenship	Hirmis Aboona (Syriac: ܗܪܡܙܕ ܐܒܘܢܐ‎; c.1940 -- April 19, 2009) was an Assyrian historian who was known for his publications concerning the history of the Assyrians in northern Iraq.	Hirmis Aboona	Iraq
country of citizenship	Stephen Franks (born 1950) in Wellington, New Zealand is a commercial lawyer.	Stephen Franks	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Patsy Gallant (born August 15, 1948, Campbellton, New Brunswick, Canada) is a Canadian pop singer and musical theater actress.	Patsy Gallant	Canada
country of citizenship	Barbara Clara Pereira, a native of Monagas, Venezuela, was crowned ``Miss Italia Nel Mondo'' 2000.	Barbara Clara	Venezuela
country of citizenship	Following his architectural training at the École Nationale Supérieure d'Architecture de Paris-Belleville and the École Centrale de Paris, Jacques Ferrier created his own architecture firm in Paris in 1993 and has since worked both in France and on the international stage.	Jacques Ferrier	France
country of citizenship	K.H. Masjkur (EISS : Masykur, 15 December 1917 ‒ 25 December 1994 at the age of 77 years) is the Minister of Religion Indonesia in the years 1947--1949 and 1953--1955.	Masjkur	Indonesia
country of citizenship	Nabakrushna Choudhuri (Odia: ନବକୃଷ୍ଣ ଚୌଧୁରୀ) (born on 23 November 1901 at Cuttack, Odisha, India - died 1984) was an Indian politician and activist.	Nabakrushna Choudhuri	India
country of citizenship	Mohammed Wakil (b 6 February 1965), the Minister of State for Power in Nigeria resumed office on 5 March 2014, he is also a member of Nigeria's National Assembly and vice chairman of the Peoples Democratic Party (North East) and a lawyer.	Mohammed Wakil	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Abdul Kader Kardaghli (Arabic: عبد القادر كردغلي‎) (born January 1, 1961 in Lattakia) is a former Syrian football Midfielder who played for Syria in the 1984 Asian Cup in Singapore and 1988 Asian Cup in Qatar.	Abdul Kader Kardaghli	Syria
country of citizenship	Erin Tierney (born June 29, 1970) is a sprint athlete, who competed for the Cook Islands.	Erin Tierney	Cook Islands
country of citizenship	Salvador Namburete is the Minister of Energy of Mozambique.	Salvador Namburete	Mozambique
country of citizenship	Paul Romhany is a New Zealand-born magician best known for his Charlie Chaplin magic act.	Paul Romhany	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Eduardo Casar González (Mexico City, 6 March 1952) is a Mexican writer and professor of literature.	Eduardo Casar	Mexico
country of citizenship	Nikola Mutafchiev (Bulgarian: Никола Мутафчиев) (born 10 August 1904 in Stara Zagora -- died 24 March 1963) was a Bulgarian footballer who played as a forward for Levski Sofia and Bulgaria during the 1920s.	Nikola Mutafchiev	Bulgaria
country of citizenship	Jürgen Stark (born 31 May 1948 in Gau-Odernheim, Germany) is a German economist who has been a member of the Executive Board of the European Central Bank (ECB) from June 2006, but announced in September 2011 he would resign later that year.	Jürgen Stark	Germany
country of citizenship	Andrés Bonifacio y de Castro (November 30, 1863 -- May 10, 1897) was a Filipino nationalist, revolutionary leader, and the first president of the Philippine archipelago which he preferred naming ``Bansa ng Katagalugan'' or Tagalog Republic instead of Philippines due to its origin was derived from the Spaniards.	Andrés Bonifacio	Philippines
country of citizenship	Jorge Montt Álvarez (April 26, 1845 -- October 8, 1922) was vice admiral of the Chilean Navy and president of Chile from 1891 to 1896.	Jorge Montt	Chile
country of citizenship	Zhang Yunyi (Chinese: 张云逸; August 10, 1892 -- November 19, 1974), was a Communist revolutionary and military strategist of the People's Republic of China.	Zhang Yunyi	People's Republic of China
country of citizenship	Sylvia Burka (born May 4, 1954 in Winnipeg, Manitoba) is a former ice speed skater and track cyclist from Canada of Latvian descent, who represented her native country at three consecutive Winter Olympics, starting in 1972 in Sapporo, Japan.	Sylvia Burka	Canada
country of citizenship	Chinary Ung (born November 24, 1942 in Takéo, Cambodia) is a composer currently living in California, United States.	Chinary Ung	Cambodia
country of citizenship	Zohrab Mnatsakanian (Armenian: Զոհրաբ Հրաչիկի Մնացականյան, born 20 March 1966, Yerevan, Armenia) is an Armenian diplomat, Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs.	Zohrab Mnatsakanian	Armenia
country of citizenship	Hermenegildo Capelo later rose to become aide-de-camp to King Luis I of Portugal and afterwards to King Carlos I and, later still, vice-admiral.	Hermenegildo Capelo	Portugal
country of citizenship	Yi Gi (korean:이기, hanja:李芑, October 26, 1476 -- April 28, 1552) was a Korean during the Joseon Dynasty.	Yi Gi	Joseon
country of citizenship	Ofisa Ofisa (born April 6, 1974 in Apia, Samoa), also known as Ofisa Junior Asiata, is a Samoan Oceania and South Pacific Games Champion in weightlifting and powerlifting.	Ofisa Ofisa	Samoa
country of citizenship	Comparing him to the famous French encyclopedist Denis Diderot, the British sinologist and historian Joseph Needham called Song Yingxing ``The Diderot of China.''	Song Yingxing	China
country of citizenship	Arvind Dave (born 1 May 1940) is the former Governor of four states in India.	Arvind Dave	India
country of citizenship	Nur Misuari (Bahasa Sūg: Nūr Miswāri, born Nurallaji Pinang Misuari on March 3, 1939 in Tapul, Sulu, Philippines) is a Moro revolutionary, politician, founder and former leader of the Moro National Liberation Front.	Nur Misuari	Philippines
country of citizenship	Camillo Acqua was an Italian entomologist, born 30 August 1863 at Velletri near Rome, Italy.	Camillo Acqua	Italy
country of citizenship	Arouna Koné (born 11 November 1983) is an Ivorian professional footballer who plays as a striker for Premier League club Everton and the Ivory Coast national team.	Arouna Koné	Ivory Coast
country of citizenship	Juan Mauricio Renold (Rosario (Argentina), 1953 -) is an Argentine social anthropologist.	Juan Mauricio Renold	Argentina
country of citizenship	William Allingham was born on 19 March 1824 in the little port of Ballyshannon, County Donegal, Ireland, and was the son of the manager of a local bank who was of English descent.	William Allingham	Ireland
country of citizenship	Born on 2 March 1942 in Copenhagen, Denmark, Anna Lærkesen, who came from an officer family in Søborg, wished to dance from an early age.	Anna Lærkesen	Denmark
country of citizenship	Pir Ishaq Gailani (born 1954) is a member of Afghanistan's national legislature, the Wolesi Jirga.	Ishaq Gailani	Afghanistan
country of citizenship	Ondřej Polívka (born May 17, 1988 in Prague) is a modern pentathlete from the Czech Republic.	Ondřej Polívka	Czech Republic
country of citizenship	Mary Edith Scott (1888--1979) was a notable New Zealand teacher and novelist.	Mary Edith Scott	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Amar Shahid Bandhu Singh was a guerrilla who fought against the British Raj in India.	Amar Shahid Bandhu Singh	India
country of citizenship	By the Fireside is a musical artist from the United Kingdom.	By the Fireside	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	Olappamanna (Olappamanna manakkal Subramanian Namboothirippad; 1923-2000) was a famous poet of Kerala, India.	Olappamanna	India
country of citizenship	John Radecki (also known as Johann and Jan Radecki) (2 August 1865 -- 10 May 1955) was a master stained glass artist working in Australia, considered to be the finest such artist of his time.	John Radecki	Australia
country of citizenship	Stanisław Saks was born December 30, 1897 in Kalisz, Congress Poland, to an assimilated Polish-Jewish family.	Stanisław Saks	Poland
country of citizenship	Louise Elisabeth de Meuron, better known as Madame de Meuron (22 August 1882 -- 22 May 1980), was an aristocrat and well-known eccentric personality in the city of Bern, Switzerland.	Louise Elisabeth de Meuron	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Arachchige Jayatissa Ranaweera is a Sri Lankan politician, former member of the Parliament of Sri Lanka and a former government minister.	Jayatissa Ranaweera	Sri Lanka
country of citizenship	John Davies Enys (11 October 1837 -- 7 November 1912) was a New Zealand runholder and naturalist.	John Davies Enys	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Conduelo Píriz (born in Montevideo, June 17, 1905 -- December 25, 1976) was an Uruguayan footballer who was part of the team that won the first ever World Cup in 1930 for Uruguay, but he did not play any matches in the tournament.	Conduelo Píriz	Uruguay
country of citizenship	Esene Faimalo (born 11 October 1966 ) is a New Zealand former rugby league player of the 1980s and '90s, who represented his country.	Esene Faimalo	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Trevor Watkis is a British jazz pianist, composer and arranger, born in London, United Kingdom.	Trevor Watkis	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	Karol Anders (8 September 1893 - 4 July 1971) was a Colonel in the cavalry of the Polish Army, brother of Lt. General Władysław Anders and Captain Tadeusz Anders, and double recipient of Poland's Virtuti Militari - IV and V Class.	Karol Anders	Poland
country of citizenship	Ryan Gregson (born 26 April 1990 in Wollongong, Australia) is an Australian middle-distance runner.	Ryan Gregson	Australia
country of citizenship	Henrik Sylvén, Henrik Wilhelm Sylvén, born in Lidingö, Sweden 11 June 1971 is a film director and scriptwriter for films, television shows and commercials.	Henrik Sylvén	Sweden
country of citizenship	In Russia, Sergei Pavlenko's name has been added to the list of highly distinguished emigrants and is next to the ballet dancer Anna Pavlova.	Sergei Pavlenko	Russia
country of citizenship	The book was hugely popular, and Gøngehøvdingen stuck as the prevailing alias for Svend Poulsen in Denmark.	Svend Poulsen	Denmark
country of citizenship	Menachem Finkelstein was Israel's Military Advocate General from 2000 to 2004, during the height of the Second Intifada.	Menachem Finkelstein	Israel
country of citizenship	Nancy Taira (born Nancy Fabiola Saori Taira Yshizo in 1977 in Mexico City, Mexico) is a Mexican actress.	Nancy Taira	Mexico
country of citizenship	Pedro Damián (born Pedro Muñoz Romero; November 29, 1952) is a Mexican actor, television producer and director, who was executive producer for two popular teen telenovelas, Clase 406 and Rebelde, distributed within and outside Mexico.	Pedro Damián	Mexico
country of citizenship	Danielle Senior is a London-based songwriter, vocalist, vocal producer and DJ, originally from Devon in the United Kingdom.	Danielle Senior	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	Nnenna Okore (born in Australia, 1975) is an artist who works both in Nigeria and the United States.	Nnenna Okore	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Hossein Mahini (Persian: حسین ماهینی‎‎; born September 16, 1986) is an Iranian Footballer who plays for Iran's Premier Football League's Malavan on loan from Persepolis and the Iran national football team as a Defender.	Hossein Mahini	Iran
country of citizenship	David Vadim was born in Ukraine and raised in Brooklyn, New York.	David Vadim	Ukraine
country of citizenship	Diane de Poitiers (3 September 1499 -- 25 April 1566) was a French noblewoman and a prominent courtier at the courts of kings Francis I and his son, Henry II of France.	Diane de Poitiers	France
country of citizenship	William Parkin (24 August 1801 -- 31 May 1889) was a businessman politician and philanthropist in the early days of the Colony of South Australia	William Parkin	Australia
country of citizenship	Waleed A. Elkhereiji (Arabic: وليد بن عبدالكريم الخريجي‎; born 14 September 1958) is the current Agriculture minister of Saudi Arabia.	Waleed A. Elkhereiji	Saudi Arabia
country of citizenship	Claudio Valenzuela (born June 10, 1969 in Santiago, Chile) is a guitarist, singer, and composer.	Claudio Valenzuela	Chile
country of citizenship	Maurice El Mediouni, French El Médioni (Arabic مــوريــس الــمــديــونــي, born on 18 October 1928 in Oran, French Algeria) is an Algerian pianist, composer and interpreter of Andalusian, rai, Sephardic and Arab music.	Maurice El Mediouni	Algeria
country of citizenship	Michel Vautrot (born October 23, 1945 in Saint-Vit, Doubs) is a retired football (soccer) referee from France.	Michel Vautrot	France
country of citizenship	Juliana Azumah-Mensah was born at Koforidua, the capital of the Eastern Region of Ghana.	Juliana Azumah-Mensah	Ghana
country of citizenship	Hohepa Te Toiroa Tahuriorangi (born 31 March 1995) is a New Zealand Rugby Union player who currently plays as a half-back for New Plymouth Old Boys and who was announced in the line-up for Taranaki in the ITM Cup.	Te Toiroa Tahuriorangi	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Şenes Erzik (born 18 September 1942, in Giresun, Turkey) is the vice president of the Union of European Football Associations (UEFA).	Şenes Erzik	Turkey
country of citizenship	Ravi Varman Thampi, better known as Irayimman Thampi (1782--1856), was a Carnatic musician as well as a music composer from Travancore, India.	Irayimman Thampi	India
country of citizenship	Ezequiel Hurtado Hurtado was a politician, military general and statesman who became President of Colombia.	Ezequiel Hurtado	Colombia
country of citizenship	Prachi Mishra (born 1988) was crowned Femina Miss India Earth 2012.	Prachi Mishra	India
country of citizenship	In the People's Republic of China, Qu Yuan came to be regarded as a prime example of patriotism.	Qu Yuan	People's Republic of China
country of citizenship	Born in Trikala, Greece, Gregory Kotrotsios started playing basketball from the age of 8 and at age 17 signed his first professional contract with Ilisiakos B.C..	Gregory Kotrotsios	Greece
country of citizenship	Laila Kveli (born 22 October 1987 in Trondheim, Norway) is a Norwegian cross-country skier.	Laila Kveli	Norway
country of citizenship	Yudai Ono (大野 雄大, born September 26, 1988) is a Japanese professional baseball pitcher for the Chunichi Dragons in Japan's Nippon Professional Baseball.	Yudai Ono	Japan
country of citizenship	Piotr Żyła (born January 16, 1987 in Cieszyn, Poland) is a Polish ski jumper, a member of the national team, a participant of the Olympic Games Sochi 2014, double bronze medalist of the World Championships in team (2013, 2015).	Piotr Żyła	Poland
country of citizenship	Dov Schperling (Hebrew: דב שפרלינג, or Boris Shperling);(17 December 1937 - 5 Mar 2014 ) was a Zionist activist and leader who was amongst the first Jews to immigrate from the Soviet Union to Israel.	Dov Schperling	Soviet Union
country of citizenship	Sebastian Wenta (born 1975), also known as Wentyl, is a former shot putter, strongman and Highland Games competitor from Poland.	Sebastian Wenta	Poland
country of citizenship	Millan Baçi (born 3 November 1955 in Albania) ia a former Albanian football player.	Millan Baçi	Albania
country of citizenship	Jean-Jacob Jeudy (born in Port au Prince, Haiti, February 7, 1970) was a Haitian journalist, activist, politician and currently a Soldier in the United States Army.	Jean-Jacob Jeudy	Haiti
country of citizenship	William Frederick Percy Hutton (2 October 1876 -- 1 October 1951), known as Percy Hutton, was an Australian cricketer who played a single first-class match for South Australia during the 1905--06 Sheffield Shield season.	Percy Hutton	Australia
country of citizenship	Tschoon Su Kim, also Kim, Tschoon-Su (Korean: 김춘수; born in 1957 in South Korea), is a Korean painter.	Tschoon Su Kim	South Korea
country of citizenship	Tunku Besar (Malay literally meaning ``great prince'') is the title of the heir presumptive of the throne of Negeri Sembilan, Malaysia.	Tunku Besar	Malaysia
country of citizenship	Gerard Pierre Laurent Kalshoven Gude (1858--1924) was a malacologist from the United Kingdom.	Gerard Pierre Laurent Kalshoven Gude	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	Said Hyder Akbar (born 1984 in Peshawar, Pakistan) is an American writer and an entrepreneur in Afghanistan.	Hyder Akbar	Afghanistan
country of citizenship	Filon Kmita (1530--1587) was a noble in the Grand Duchy of Lithuania and Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth.	Filon Kmita	Grand Duchy of Lithuania
country of citizenship	Javid Taghiyev (Azerbaijani: Cavid Tağıyev; born 6 October 1981 in Lankaran) is a boxer from Azerbaijan.	Javid Taghiyev	Azerbaijan
country of citizenship	Mahdi Ali Hassan Redha (born 20 April 1965 in Dubai, United Arab Emirates) is a retired Emirati footballer and current manager.	Mahdi Ali	United Arab Emirates
country of citizenship	General Edward Katumba Wamala, more commonly known as Katumba Wamala, is a Ugandan army officer who has been the Chief of Defense Forces of Uganda, the highest military rank in the Uganda People's Defense Force (UPDF), since 2013.	Katumba Wamala	Uganda
country of citizenship	Signe Lund was born in Christiania, Norway, the daughter of Lieutenant Colonel Henrik Louis Bull Lund (1838--1891), and pianist and composer Birgitte Charlotte Carlsen (1843--1913), and was the sister of artist Henrik Lund.	Signe Lund	Norway
country of citizenship	Courtney Thorpe (born 11 July 1990 Brisbane, Australia) is an Australian actress, model, TV Host and beauty pageant titleholder She won her national title, Miss World Australia, on 27 July 2014.	Courtney Thorpe	Australia
country of citizenship	Vincent de Pio (December 20, 1979 -- present) is a Filipino artist who graduated from the University of the Philippines School of Fine Arts majoring in Painting.	Vincent de Pio	Philippines
country of citizenship	Berit Opheim Versto (born 18 June 1967 in Voss, Norway) is a Norwegian singer, known for her interpretations of folk music.	Berit Opheim	Norway
country of citizenship	Alojzy Łysko (born 14 April 1935 in Katowice, Poland) is a Polish football player and coach.	Alojzy Łysko	Poland
country of citizenship	Marina Colasanti (born September 26, 1937 in Asmara, old Italian colony in Eritrea) is a Brazilian writer, translator and journalist.	Marina Colasanti	Eritrea
country of citizenship	Hilmar Björnsson (born 13 May 1969) is an Icelandic former football player who made three appearances for the Iceland national football team.	Hilmar Björnsson	Iceland
country of citizenship	Fernando Carvallo (born September 24, 1948 in Santiago, Chile) is a former Chilean footballer and actually a football manager.	Fernando Carvallo	Chile
country of citizenship	In Brazil Josue Dos Santos played for Esporte Clube Bahia.	Josue Dos Santos	Brazil
country of citizenship	Francisco Javier Gaxiola Castillo-Negrete (b. Sinaloa de Leyva, January 31, 1870 -- d. Mexico City, November 18, 1933) was a Mexican lawyer, politician and diplomat.	Francisco Javier Gaxiola	Mexico
country of citizenship	Jacob William Heberley (11 April 1849--28 June 1906) was a New Zealand carver.	Jacob William Heberley	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Jacques Côté (born April 19, 1944) was a politician and notary in Quebec, Canada.	Jacques Côté	Canada
country of citizenship	Jørgen Friis was a Danish lord and Governor-general of Norway.	Jørgen Friis	Norway
country of citizenship	Emperor Menelik II GCB, GCMG (Ge'ez: ዳግማዊ ምኒልክ, dagmäwi minilik ), baptized as Sahle Maryam (17 August 1844 -- 12 December 1913), was Negus of Shewa (1866--89), then Nəgusä Nägäst of Ethiopia from 1889 to his death.	Menelik II	Ethiopia
country of citizenship	Jacob David R. Clayton (born November 28, 2000) in Subic Bay, Olongapo City, Philippines also known as Jacob Rica, Jacob Clayton is a Filipino/British child actor.	Jacob Rica	Philippines
country of citizenship	Walter McCrea (November 10, 1810 -- June 30, 1892) was a Liberal member of the Senate of Canada for Ontario from 1867 to 1871.	Walter McCrea	Canada
country of citizenship	Jared Graves (born 16 December 1982 in Toowoomba, Queensland) is an Australian cyclist who has represented Australia in BMX, 4x (four cross) and DH (downhill) mountain biking.In 2006, he finished second in the mountain bike 4x world cup series.	Jared Graves	Australia
country of citizenship	Maso di Banco (working c 1335- 1350) was an Italian painter of the 14th century, who worked in Florence, Italy.	Maso di Banco	Italy
country of citizenship	Branislav Mićić (born 17 April 1990 Switzerland) is a Swiss professional footballer who is currently without a club after leaving Scottish Premiership club Ross County.	Branislav Mićić	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Engin Baytar spent four years with the club's reserve team before moving to Turkey-based club Maltepespor in 2004.	Engin Baytar	Turkey
country of citizenship	Satya Pal Jain is the Additional Solicitor General of India in the Punjab and Haryana High Court at Chandigarh.	Satya Pal Jain	India
country of citizenship	Gomes Freire de Andrade, ComC (27 January 1757, in Vienna -- 18 October 1817) was a field marshal and distinguished officer of the Portuguese army who served France at the end of his military career.	Gomes Freire de Andrade	France
country of citizenship	Jonas Turkow was born in 1898 in Warsaw, Poland and died in 1987 in Tel Aviv, Israel.	Jonas Turkow	Poland
country of citizenship	Vasia Panagopoulou (Greek: Βάσια Παναγοπούλου; born 6 October 1966, in Athens, Greece) is a Greek theatre and stage actress who starred in Erotas.	Vasia Panagopoulou	Greece
country of citizenship	Sakari Kukko, (full Name: Jyrki Sakari Kukko, born July 8, 1953, Kajaani, Finland) is a Finnish musician.	Sakari Kukko	Finland
country of citizenship	Mundhir Qabbānī was born to a Saudi family from Al Madinah Almenawarah (west of Saudi Arabia).	Mundhir Qabbānī	Saudi Arabia
country of citizenship	Edith Kertész-Gabry, born Edith Gáncz in Budapest, Hungary, studied at the Franz Liszt Academy of Music, and made her debut in 1951 at the Budapest National Opera.	Edith Kertész-Gabry	Hungary
country of citizenship	Rear Admiral Gholamali Bayandor (Persian: غلامعلی بایندر‎‎) (December 13, 1898 -- August 25, 1941) was the first Commander of Imperial Iranian Navy from November 5, 1933 to August 25, 1941 and was killed during the Anglo-Soviet invasion of Iran.	Gholamali Bayandor	Iran
country of citizenship	Pusp Jain (born 4 April 1956) was a member of the 13th Lok Sabha and 14th Lok Sabha of India.	Pusp Jain	India
country of citizenship	Mohamed Siddiq El-Minshawi (Arabic: الشيخ محمد الصديق المنشاوي‎) (January 1, 1920 -- June 20, 1969) born in Upper Egypt, was an Egyptian Qur'anic reciter.	Mohamed Siddiq El-Minshawi	Egypt
country of citizenship	Aleksandra Smiljanić (Cyrillic: Александра Смиљанић; born 12 June 1970 in Belgrade) was the Minister of Telecommunications and Information Technologies in the Government of Serbia between 2007 and 2008, succeeded by Jasna Matić.	Aleksandra Smiljanić	Serbia
country of citizenship	Since then, Gianni Lancia moved to South America a while, returned to France and Italy, and has since barred all interest in motorsports.	Gianni Lancia	Italy
country of citizenship	Alon Hazan (Hebrew: אלון חזן‎; born 14 September 1967) is a former Israeli footballer and is now the coach of the Israel U-17 side.	Alon Hazan	Israel
country of citizenship	Thorkild Grosbøll (born February 27, 1948) is a former parish priest in the Church of Denmark.	Thorkild Grosbøll	Denmark
country of citizenship	Jeremy Castro Baguyos (born 1968 in Quezon City, Philippines) is a musician-researcher specializing in the realization of live interactive computer music.	Jeremy Castro Baguyos	Philippines
country of citizenship	Alphie McCourt was born in Limerick, Ireland on 29 July 1940, the youngest son of Malachy McCourt (1901--1986) and Angela Sheehan (1908--1981).	Alphie McCourt	Ireland
country of citizenship	William Douglas Cook (New Plymouth, New Zealand, 28 October 1884 - Gisborne, New Zealand, 27 April 1967) was the founder of Eastwoodhill Arboretum, now the national arboretum of New Zealand, and one of the founders of Pukeiti, a rhododendron garden, close to New Plymouth.	William Douglas Cook	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Suzanne Glotin (born November 26, 1933 Fort-de-France, Martinique) is a French athlete who specialises in the long jump.	Suzanne Glotin	France
country of citizenship	Reenat Fauzia is a sitarist from Bangladesh.	Reenat Fauzia	Bangladesh
country of citizenship	Reverend Sam Korankye Ankrah serves as the Apostle General of the Royalhouse Chapel International, a church in Ghana with more than 30,000 members.	Sam Korankye Ankrah	Ghana
country of citizenship	John Lothrop Brown (November 15, 1815 -- January 13, 1887) was a farmer, merchant and political figure in Nova Scotia, Canada.	John Lothrop Brown	Canada
country of citizenship	Enrico Mentana (Milan, Italy, 15 January 1955) is an Italian journalist and from 15 June 2010 Director of TG LA7.	Enrico Mentana	Italy
country of citizenship	Christen Bentsen Schaaning (or Skaaning) (c. 1616-1679) was a priest at Avaldsnes in Norway from 1635-1679.	Christen Bentsen Schaaning	Norway
country of citizenship	George Kordas, better known by the stage name DJ Bonez, is a hip hop DJ and producer, originally from Sydney, New South Wales and currently based in Melbourne, Victoria, Australia.	DJ Bonez	Australia
country of citizenship	Jeanne-Marie Busuttil (born 29 June 1976) is a former professional golfer from France who was a member of the LPGA Tour in the early 2000s.	Jeanne-Marie Busuttil	France
country of citizenship	William Trubridge (born on 24 May 1980) is a world champion and double world record holding freediver from New Zealand.	William Trubridge	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Rimantas Sinkevičius (born 3 April 1952) is a Lithuanian politician, from 2012 Minister of Transport and Communications of Lithuania.	Rimantas Sinkevičius	Lithuania
country of citizenship	Norbert von Kunitzki, (b. 1934 in Luxembourg died November 25, 2005 in a climbing accident in Vietnam), was a Luxembourgian expert economist, businessman and university president.	Norbert von Kunitzki	Luxembourg
country of citizenship	Aijaz Haroon is an Airline Captain who was the Managing Director of Pakistan International Airlines, until his resignation in February 2011 over strikes by employees against the airline's management structure and decision-making board.	Aijaz Haroon	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Lindinalva de Souza Rocha (born December 23), better known by her stage name Lili Rocha, is a pop/rock singer from Bahia, Brazil.	Lili Rocha	Brazil
country of citizenship	Peter Tully (1947-1992), was a jeweller, designer and artistic director, notable for his influence on jewellery design in Australia through the utilisation of found and non-precious materials, as well as his artistic direction of the Sydney Mardi Gras (1982-1986).	Peter Tully	Australia
country of citizenship	After the death of his mother, Antoine de Sartine was sent to France and put under the guidance of Charles Colabeau, businessman and friend of his father.	Antoine de Sartine	France
country of citizenship	Dr. Morella Joseph is a politician in the Caribbean island nation of Saint Lucia and was reportedly the first woman in its history to become president of a political party.	Morella Joseph	Saint Lucia
country of citizenship	Andrée Ruffo asked permission to appeal this decision to the Supreme Court of Canada.	Andrée Ruffo	Canada
country of citizenship	Ana González Olea (May 4, 1915 in Santiago, Chile -- February 21, 2008 in Santiago, Chile) was an actress in Chilean theater, television and radio.	Ana González Olea	Chile
country of citizenship	Alan Blayney (born 9 October 1981) is a professional footballer from Belfast, Northern Ireland, currently with Ballymena United.	Alan Blayney	Northern Ireland
country of citizenship	Ranavalona III (November 22, 1861 -- May 23, 1917) was the last sovereign of the Kingdom of Madagascar.	Ranavalona III	Madagascar
country of citizenship	He was a Professor of Environmental Economics at the University of Viterbo (Italy) who engaged very actively in the social and political spheres with the political organization Partito Radicale and with the Luca Coscioni Association (LCA), which he presided over from 2002 to 2006.	Luca Coscioni	Italy
country of citizenship	Finn Kobberø (13 March 1936 -- 21 January 2009) was a badminton player from Denmark, who won numerous international titles in all of badminton's three events (singles, doubles, and mixed doubles) from the mid-1950s to the mid-1960s.	Finn Kobberø	Denmark
country of citizenship	Alfred, 2nd Prince of Montenuovo (16 September 1854 -- 6 September 1927) was one of the highest court officials of Emperor Francis Joseph I of Austria.	Alfred, 2nd Prince of Montenuovo	Austria
country of citizenship	In 1956, Karl von Spreti became West Germany's first ambassador to Luxembourg since the Second World War, and held that post until 1960, when he became the ambassador to Cuba (until 1963), Jordan (1963--1965) and the Dominican Republic (between 1966 and 1968).	Karl von Spreti	Germany
country of citizenship	Zbigniew Ćwiąkalski (ˈzbʲiɡɲɛf t͡ɕfʲɔŋˈkalskʲi) (born March 9, 1950 in Łańcut) is a Polish politician, former Minister of Justice and Public Prosecutor General of Poland.	Zbigniew Ćwiąkalski	Poland
country of citizenship	Amrullah Saleh (Persian: امرالله صالح‎‎; born 1971) is a politician in Afghanistan who served as head of the National Directorate of Security from 2004 until his resignation in 2010.	Amrullah Saleh	Afghanistan
country of citizenship	Rudolf Sanzin was born in Mürzzuschlag, in the province of Styria, Austria on 4 June 1874.	Rudolf Sanzin	Austria
country of citizenship	Chaudhry Sir Muhammad Zafarullah Khan, KCSI (Urdu: محمد ظفر اللہ خان‎‎; 6 February 1893 -- 1 September 1985) was one of the leading Founding Fathers of Pakistan, politician, statesman, diplomat, international jurist, and a prominent writer of the Ahmadiyya Muslim Community.	Muhammad Zafarullah Khan	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Tomás Valladares was the acting 11th President (then called Supreme Director) of Nicaragua from 7 November 1839 to 21 September 1840.	Tomás Valladares	Nicaragua
country of citizenship	Justice Augustus Molade Akiwumi (7 April 1891 -- ?) was a judge and also the second Speaker of the Parliament of Ghana.	Augustus Molade Akiwumi	Ghana
country of citizenship	Leon Keer (born 1970, Utrecht, Netherlands) is a Dutch pop-surrealist artist.	Leon Keer	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Antoine Simon (1736 -- 28 July 1794) was born in Troyes, France, the son of François Simon and Marie-Jeanne Adenet.	Antoine Simon	France
country of citizenship	Born in Cerea, Italy in 1882, he arrived in Argentina at age 2 with his father, Giuseppe Angelo, and his mother, Luigia Martini, who renamed him Enrique Ferrarese.	Enrique Ferrarese	Argentina
country of citizenship	Dr. Nguyễn Tôn Hoàn (1917 -- 19 September 2001) was Vietnamese Catholic politician, originally a physician, who led the Đại Việt Quốc Dân Đảng (Nationalist Party of Greater Vietnam) from the 1940s to the 1960s.	Nguyễn Tôn Hoàn	Vietnam
country of citizenship	Mario Monje Molina was the Secretary-General of the PCB, the Communist Party of Bolivia (Partido Comunista Boliviano).	Mario Monje	Bolivia
country of citizenship	Sandra Destenave (born Sandra Irene Destenave Fernández on November 6, 1972 in Chihuahua, Mexico) is a Mexican actress, model and hostess.	Sandra Destenave	Mexico
country of citizenship	Mehmet Sincar (1953 in İkipınar, Mardin Province -- 4 September 1993 in Batman) was a Turkish-Kurdish politician, and a Democracy Party (DEP) member of the Grand National Assembly of Turkey.	Mehmet Sincar	Turkey
country of citizenship	Paul St. Pierre (October 14, 1923 -- July 27, 2014) was a journalist and author in British Columbia, Canada.	Paul St. Pierre	Canada
country of citizenship	İsmail Rüştü Aksal (1911 -- September 13, 1989) was a civil servant and politician in Turkey.	İsmail Rüştü Aksal	Turkey
country of citizenship	Lieutenant Colonel Mark Tennant, CM, ED, CD (June 27, 1913 -- December 29, 1997) was an alderman of the City of Calgary, an inductee of the Order of Canada, and a long-serving member of Calgary's military community.	Mark Tennant	Canada
country of citizenship	Terry Lovejoy (born 20 November 1966) is an information technologist from Thornlands, Queensland, Australia, most widely known as an amateur astronomer.	Terry Lovejoy	Australia
country of citizenship	Nguyễn Hợp Đoàn (28 August 1928 - 15 April 2002) was to be the last Mayor of Saigon, the capital of South Vietnam and Governor of Gia Dinh Province, before the fall of Saigon that led to the reunification of Vietnam under the Communist party in 1975.	Nguyễn Hợp Đoàn	Vietnam
country of citizenship	Isa ibn Ali Al Khalifa, KCIE, CSI (1848--1932) was the ruler of Bahrain from 1869 until his death.	Isa ibn Ali Al Khalifa	Bahrain
country of citizenship	Dragan Jočić (Serbian Cyrillic: Драган Јочић) (born 7 September 1960 in Belgrade, Serbia, Yugoslavia) is a Serbian politician.	Dragan Jočić	Serbia
country of citizenship	Jayathri Ranjani Samarakone was educated at Visakha Vidyalaya, Colombo and went to the Sri Lanka Law College in 1979 where she passed out as a lawyer with First Class Honours.	Jayathri Ranjani Samarakone	Sri Lanka
country of citizenship	Djan-Aka Djan (born 1942) he is a retired Afghanistan wrestler, who competed at the 1964 Summer Olympic Games and the 1972 Summer Olympic Games in the lightweight events.	Djan-Aka Djan	Afghanistan
country of citizenship	Baba Adamu (born 20 October 1979 in Kumasi, Ghana), known occasionally simply by his nickname ``Armando'', is a former Ghanaian international football (soccer) striker.	Baba Adamu	Ghana
country of citizenship	Hiroyuki Saeki competed at 2012 Japan Super Series, where he finished third in the men's doubles.	Hiroyuki Saeki	Japan
country of citizenship	Domício da Gama (October 23, 1862 - November 8, 1925) was a journalist, diplomat and writer from Brazil.	Domício da Gama	Brazil
country of citizenship	Vecheslav Zagonek was awarded the honorary titles of the Honored Artist of the Russian Federation (1963), the Honored Art Worker of the Russian Federation (1968), the People's Artist of the Russian Federation (1979), and the People's Artist of the Soviet Union (1985).	Vecheslav Zagonek	Soviet Union
country of citizenship	Sonia Bo was born in Lecco, Italy, and studied with Renato Dionisi and Azio Corghi at the Milan Conservatory, where she graduated in 1985.	Sonia Bo	Italy
country of citizenship	Luc Van den Bossche was a Member of Parliament for a number of years and cabinet member in several federal and regional governments in Belgium.	Luc Van den Bossche	Belgium
country of citizenship	Irfanullah Shah (born 5 May 1995) is a cricketer from Bannu, Pakistan.	Irfanullah Shah	Pakistan
country of citizenship	In 1963, Alois Pernerstorfer was made a Kammersänger of Austria, and in 1977 he was awarded the Großes Ehrenzeichen (Grand Order of Merit) by the Austrian government.	Alois Pernerstorfer	Austria
country of citizenship	Narayan Govind Kalelkar (Devanagari: नारायण गोविंद कालेलकर) (December 11, 1909 - 1989) was a linguist from Maharashtra, India.	Narayan Govind Kalelkar	India
country of citizenship	Police Major General Manolis Sfakianakis (Greek: Μανώλης Σφακιανάκης, born 9 February 1963, Crete, Greece) is the Director of the Cyber Crime Center of the Hellenic Police.	Manolis Sfakianakis	Greece
country of citizenship	George Harry Webster (September 2, 1868 -- November 10, 1933) was a politician and transportation expert in Alberta, Canada.	George Harry Webster	Canada
country of citizenship	In September 2011, Elkeson received his first call up for Brazil national football team by Mano Menezes for the second leg of 2011 Superclásico de las Américas against Argentina.	Elkeson	Brazil
country of citizenship	José Antonio Martínez Soler (born January 8, 1947) is the founder of 20 minutos, Spain's daily newspaper based in Madrid with 14 editions in major cities.	José Antonio Martínez Soler	Spain
country of citizenship	Juan Carlos Miguel Mendoza (born April 28, 1982) is a swimmer from the Philippines.	Miguel Mendoza	Philippines
country of citizenship	William Edward O'Brien (March 10, 1831 -- December 21, 1914) was a lawyer, farmer, editor and political figure in Ontario, Canada.	William Edward O'Brien	Canada
country of citizenship	In 1999 Vladimir Ulas was awarded the rank of colonel in the Armed Forces of Russia.	Vladimir Ulas	Russia
country of citizenship	Fergus Barrowman MNZM is a New Zealand publisher and literary commentator born in 1961.	Fergus Barrowman	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Professor Charles Baehni was born on August 21, 1906 in Geneva, Switzerland.	Charles Baehni	Switzerland
country of citizenship	José Antonio Echeverría (July 16, 1932 in Cárdenas, Matanzas -- March 13, 1957 in Havana, Cuba) was a Cuban revolutionary and student leader.	José Antonio Echeverría	Cuba
country of citizenship	In 1984, Harald Schmidt became a lyricist for the cabaret Kom(m)ödchen in Düsseldorf and in 1986, was honoured as ``Best Newcomer cabaret artist'' and toured through Germany with his own show.	Harald Schmidt	Germany
country of citizenship	Sergey Manassarian (Armenian: Սերգեյ Հենրիկի Մանասարյան , born 25 February 1959 in Yerevan, Armenia) is an Armenian politician and diplomat.	Sergey Manassarian	Armenia
country of citizenship	Gustavo Sainz (Mexico City, July 13, 1940 -- Bloomington, Indiana, June 26, 2015) was a Spanish language author from Mexico.	Gustavo Sainz	Mexico
country of citizenship	Ariel Rotter (born 1973 in Buenos Aires, Argentina) is a film director and screenplay writer.	Ariel Rotter	Argentina
country of citizenship	Juanito Rubillar (born February 22, 1977 in Barangay Central, Mati, Davao Oriental, Philippines) is a Filipino professional boxer and current WBC Continental Americas light flyweight champions.	Juanito Rubillar	Philippines
country of citizenship	Ranulph Dacre (23 April 1797--27 June 1884) was a New Zealand naval seaman, timber trader and merchant .	Ranulph Dacre	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Mauro Pedrazzini (born June 15, 1965) is a politician from Liechtenstein who serves as the current Minister of Social Affairs in the Government of the Principality of Liechtenstein.	Mauro Pedrazzini	Liechtenstein
country of citizenship	Yi Tso-lin was born in 1897 to a scholar family in Nantong, Jiangsu Province of China.	Yi Tso-lin	China
country of citizenship	Bernhard Schrader (15 March 1931 in Quedlinburg, Germany -- 8 January 2012 in Essen, Germany) was a German professor for Theoretical and Physical Chemistry and teaching until his retirement in 1996 at the University of Essen.	Bernhard Schrader	Germany
country of citizenship	John James Meikle (c. 1845 -- 25 November 1937) was a New Zealand farmer and litigant.	John James Meikle	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Jill Orr is a contemporary artist based in Melbourne, Australia.	Jill Orr	Australia
country of citizenship	In 1991 Villano III began working against a young Canadian known as Pegasus Kid, sent to Mexico by New Japan Pro Wrestling (NJPW) to train and gain experience.	Villano III	Mexico
country of citizenship	Patrik Antonius (born 13 December 1980 in Helsinki, Finland) is a Finnish professional poker player, former tennis player and coach, and model from Vantaa, Finland.	Patrik Antonius	Finland
country of citizenship	Bernard Sainz, aka Dr Mabuse, (born Rennes, France, 1 September 1943) is a medicine practitioner who achieved great success in horse racing and cycling.	Bernard Sainz	France
country of citizenship	Emilia Rydberg, also known as Emilia Mitiku or more simply Emilia (born 5 January 1978, Stockholm, Sweden) is a Swedish pop music and soul singer.	Emilia Rydberg	Sweden
country of citizenship	Shazie Kapoli is an Albanian film editor active in the Cinema of Albania since 1984.	Shazie Kapoli	Albania
country of citizenship	Alain Mikli (born Alain Miklitarian, April 1, 1955 in France) is a French-Armenian designer of high-end handmade eyeglasses and accessories.	Alain Mikli	France
country of citizenship	George Helmore was a New Zealand Rugby Union player who played for the All Blacks in 1884.	George Helmore	New Zealand
country of citizenship	D. Diogo Rodrigues, D. Diogo Roiz (c. 1490-1496; Lagos, Portugal -- 21 April 1577; Colvá, Gôa) was a Portuguese explorer of the Indian Ocean who sailed as an ordinary helmsman under the command of D. Pedro Mascarenhas around Goa.	Diogo Rodrigues	Portugal
country of citizenship	Ruth Gabriel (born Ruth Sánchez Bueno, San Fernando, Cadiz, Spain; July 10, 1975) is a Spanish actress.	Ruth Gabriel	Spain
country of citizenship	Jamil Joseph (born 17 January 1991) is a Saint Lucian international footballer who plays club football for Root Alley Ballers of the Saint Lucia Silver Division.	Jamil Joseph	Saint Lucia
country of citizenship	William O'Kane (or shortened to Liam O'Kane) (born in Derry, Northern Ireland) is a Northern Irish former footballer.	Liam O'Kane	Northern Ireland
country of citizenship	Rickwel (born in Vitry-sur-Seine, France) is a French R&B singer with Martinique descent.	Rickwel	France
country of citizenship	Karl Haitana is a rugby union player born in Marton, New Zealand on 29 March 1984.	Karl Haitana	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Htilominlo (Burmese: ထီးလိုမင်းလို, pronounced: (tʰílò mɪ́ɴlò); also called Nadaungmya or Zeya Theinkha Uzana; 1175 -- 1235) was king of Pagan dynasty of Burma (Myanmar) from 1211 to 1235.	Htilominlo	Myanmar
country of citizenship	Manuel Míguez González was born in Spain on 24 March 1831 as the fourth child.	Manuel Míguez González	Spain
country of citizenship	José Luis Carranza Vivanco, nicknamed El Puma (born 8 January 1964 in Rimac, Lima) is a Peruvian retired football midfield player from Peru who played his entire club career for Universitario de Deportes.	José Luis Carranza	Peru
country of citizenship	A native of Brazil, Thereza Imanishi-Kari earned a BS degree in biology from the University of Sao Paulo near her home town of Indaiatuba, Brazil.	Thereza Imanishi-Kari	Brazil
country of citizenship	Bishop Alexander Chulaparambil (14 October 1877 -- 8 January 1951) was born in Kumarakom, India.	Alexander Chulaparambil	India
country of citizenship	Ryan Cayabyab (born Raymundo Cipriano Pujante Cayabyab on May 4, 1954 in Manila, Philippines but known as Mr. C) is a Filipino musician, composer and conductor; he was Executive and Artistic Director for several years of the defunct San Miguel Foundation for the Performing Arts.	Ryan Cayabyab	Philippines
country of citizenship	Hung Kai-chun (Chinese: 黃楷峻, born 4 March 1987) is a Taiwanese football player who plays as a midfielder for Taiwan Power Company.	Hung Kai-chun	Taiwan
country of citizenship	Yury Tynyanov was born in Rezhitsa, Vitebsk Governorate, Russian Empire (present-day Rēzekne, Latvia).	Yury Tynyanov	Russian Empire
country of citizenship	Rocco Rossi (born February 6, 1962) is the President and CEO of Prostate Cancer Canada, an organization dedicated to the elimination of the disease through research, education and support.	Rocco Rossi	Canada
country of citizenship	Ramadan Çitaku (?-1990) (known as Baca) was an Albanian politician of the Party of Labour of Albania.	Ramadan Çitaku	Albania
country of citizenship	Govind Sakharam Sardesai (Devanagari: गोविंद सखाराम सरदेसाई) (May 17, 1865 - November 29, 1959), popularly known as Riyasatkar Sardesai (रियासतकार सरदेसाई), was an eminent historian from Maharashtra, India.	Govind Sakharam Sardesai	India
country of citizenship	Lisa Perterer is one of Austria's greatest hopes in triathlon, which has not produced elite medalists since the days of Australian Austrian Olympic winner Kate Allen.	Lisa Perterer	Austria
country of citizenship	Bruno Rubess (21 December 1926, Riga, Latvia -- 23 December 2009) was a Latvian businessman.	Bruno Rubess	Latvia
country of citizenship	Alex Battler (Russian name -- Aliev, Rafik Shagi-Akzamovich, born on December 10, 1946), known in Russia under the pen name Oleg Arin, is a Soviet-Canadian scholar and political writer.	Alex Battler	Russia
country of citizenship	Rita Marko (born February 17, 1920) was an Albanian political figure who served in a number of positions in Albania during its socialist period.	Rita Marko	Albania
country of citizenship	General Sher Mohammad Karimi (born November 11, 1945) is the Chief of Army Staff in the Military of Afghanistan.	Sher Mohammad Karimi	Afghanistan
country of citizenship	Willy Linthout is born in Eksaarde near Lokeren, Belgium in 1953.	Willy Linthout	Belgium
country of citizenship	Samuel Bealey (1821 -- 8 May 1909) was a 19th-century politician in Canterbury, New Zealand.	Samuel Bealey	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Henri-Benjamin Constant was born in Lausanne to descendants of Huguenot Protestants who had fled from Artois to Switzerland during the Huguenot Wars in the 16th century.	Benjamin Constant	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Roger Rinderknecht (born 4 May 1981) is a Swiss racing cyclist who represents Switzerland in BMX and mountain bike racing.	Roger Rinderknecht	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Salih Usar is the Minister of Public Works and Communications in the 20th Government of the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus, in the cabinet of Prime Minister Ferdi Sabit Soyer.	Salih Usar	Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus
country of citizenship	Paul Heinbecker (born 1941) is a retired Canadian career diplomat and a former Canadian ambassador to Germany and permanent representative of Canada to the United Nations in New York City.	Paul Heinbecker	Canada
country of citizenship	Nureddin Mahmud (Arabic: نورالدين محمود; l899-1981) was the Prime Minister of Iraq from 23 November 1952 until 29 January 1953.	Nureddin Mahmud	Iraq
country of citizenship	Chung Mong-koo (born March 19, 1938, in Gangwon Province) is the chairman of Hyundai Motor Group, the largest carmaker in South Korea.	Chung Mong-koo	South Korea
country of citizenship	Pierre Labelle (October 27, 1808 -- 1864 or later) was a farmer, construction contractor and political figure in Canada East.	Pierre Labelle	Canada
country of citizenship	Patrick Campbell-Lyons (born 13 July 1943, Lismore, County Waterford, Ireland), is a composer and musician who is one half of the cult symphonic-rock band, Nirvana - formed in London in 1967 and still sporadically active in 2006.	Patrick Campbell-Lyons	Ireland
country of citizenship	Hendrik Pieter Nicolaas Muller was born in Rotterdam (Netherlands) on 2 April 1859, as the third child and second son of Hendrik Muller Sz.	Hendrik Pieter Nicolaas Muller	Netherlands
country of citizenship	The following year, she was given her first role in the cinema of Argentina, in Pierre Chenal's El viaje sin regreso (Journey of No Return), by then she was known by her pseudonym, Inda Ledesma.	Inda Ledesma	Argentina
country of citizenship	Basim Bello is, as of February 2015, the mayor of Tel Keppe, Iraq An ethnic Assyrian, Bello was a member of the Assyrian Democratic Movement, until he split from the party in 2014.	Basim Bello	Iraq
country of citizenship	Ahmed Salama was part of the Egyptian squad that participated in the football competition of 2007 Pan Arab Games held in Egypt.	Ahmed Salama	Egypt
country of citizenship	Björn Ekegren was born in Askim, Göteborg in Sweden and at the age of 5 moved to Saltsjöbaden outside of Stockholm where he grew up.	Björn Ekegren	Sweden
country of citizenship	Rita Lee was born in São Paulo, Brazil, to an American Brazilian father, Charles Fenley Jones, a dentist descended from the Confederados, and Romilda Padula, a Brazilian mother of Italian ancestry.	Rita Lee	Brazil
country of citizenship	Emel Dereli began with shot put in 2008, and two years later she was called up for the Turkey national team.	Emel Dereli	Turkey
country of citizenship	Federico Campbell (July 1, 1941 -- February 15, 2014) was a writer from northern Mexico.	Federico Campbell	Mexico
country of citizenship	William of Sens was a 12th-century French architect, supposed to have been born at Sens, France.	William of Sens	France
country of citizenship	Salvatore Gambino (born 27 November 1983, Hagen, West Germany) is an Italian-German footballer who plays for US Grosseto.	Salvatore Gambino	Germany
country of citizenship	Sir Joseph Arnould (12 November 1813 -- 16 February 1886) was a British judge in India and writer.	Joseph Arnould	India
country of citizenship	Guillermo Vilarroig (born May 24, 1970, Barcelona, Spain) is the chairman and key promoter of SEMPO Spain and co-founder and current Director of San Sebastian-headquartered Web analytics and search engine visibility company Overalia.	Guillermo Vilarroig	Spain
country of citizenship	Mo Joong-kyung (born 23 August 1971) is a professional golfer from South Korea who currently plays on the Asian Tour, where he has won twice.	Mo Joong-kyung	South Korea
country of citizenship	Sanong Chaiprakhom (Thai: สนอง ชัยประโคม) is a professional footballer from Thailand.	Sanong Chaiprakhom	Thailand
country of citizenship	Paul Patrick Rodil Gruenberg or simply called Polo Ravales, born June 27, 1982 in Manila, Philippines, is a Filipino actor and model with German descent.	Polo Ravales	Philippines
country of citizenship	Erik Bruhn was born in Copenhagen, Denmark, the fourth child and first son of Ellen (née Evers), owner of a hairdressing salon, and third child of Ernst Bruhn.	Erik Bruhn	Denmark
country of citizenship	John Sigismund Zápolya or Szapolyai (Hungarian: Szapolyai János Zsigmond; 7 July 1540 -- 14 March 1571) was King of Hungary as John II from 1540 to 1551, and from 1556 to 1570, and the first Prince of Transylvania from 1570 to his death.	John Sigismund Zápolya	Hungary
country of citizenship	Nadine Beckel (born 27 May 1977 in Schwerin) is a shot putter from Germany.	Nadine Beckel	Germany
country of citizenship	Te Heke-rangatira-ki-Nukutaurua Boyd (c.1886--29 May 1959) was a New Zealand tribal leader and interpreter.	Te Heke-rangatira-ki-Nukutaurua Boyd	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Hugo Mariutti, born in São Paulo/Brazil on 18 December 1975, is the brother of Luís Mariutti, ex-bassist of the power metal bands Angra and Shaaman.	Hugo Mariutti	Brazil
country of citizenship	Bernard VII, Count of Armagnac (1360 -- 12 June 1418) was the, Count of Armagnac, and Constable of France.	Bernard VII, Count of Armagnac	France
country of citizenship	Ronald Jack Scarlett, MBE (1911--2002), better known as Ron Scarlett, was a paleozoologist from New Zealand.	Ron Scarlett	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Arūnas Bižokas (born 29 January 1978 in Vilnius, Lithuania) is a professional Lithuanian ballroom dancer, who is currently representing USA.	Arūnas Bižokas	Lithuania
country of citizenship	Peter Bjørnskov also known as just Bjørnskov (born in Horsens, Denmark in 1981) is a Danish singer, songwriter and music producer.	Peter Bjørnskov	Denmark
country of citizenship	Beau Busch (born 16 March 1984) is a former Australian footballer and now the Media and Communications Manager at Professional Footballers Australia.	Beau Busch	Australia
country of citizenship	Nick Dennis (April 26, 1904 -- November 14, 1980) was a Greek American film actor born in Thessaly, Greece.	Nick Dennis	Greece
country of citizenship	Cecilio Zubillaga Perera, better known as Chío Zubillaga, was a journalist from Venezuela.	Cecilio Zubillaga Perera	Venezuela
country of citizenship	Hans Christian Doseth (December 10, 1958 in Romsdal, Norway -- August 6, 1984 in Pakistan) was a Norwegian climber.	Hans Christian Doseth	Norway
country of citizenship	Carlos Altamirano Orrego (December 18, 1922, Santiago de Chile) is a lawyer and one of the most influential politicians of Chilean socialism.	Carlos Altamirano	Chile
country of citizenship	Jakob Lindberg was born in Djursholm, Sweden on 16 October 1952 and began his studies on the guitar with his first inspirations being the music of The Beatles.	Jakob Lindberg	Sweden
country of citizenship	Henry Taiporutu Te Mapu-o-te-rangi Mitchell (5 May 1877 -- 5 May 1944) was a notable New Zealand Ngāti Pikiao leader, farmer, surveyor, land development supervisor and community leader.	Henry Taiporutu Te Mapu-o-te-rangi Mitchell	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Jan-Erik Enestam (born 12 March 1947 in Västanfjärd) is a Finland-Swedish politician from the Swedish People's Party.	Jan-Erik Enestam	Finland
country of citizenship	Major Albert Rugby Pratt (1875--1946) was a New Zealand Methodist minister, church administrator and historian.	Rugby Pratt	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Aamir Zaki is a guitarist-songwriter and composer from Pakistan.	Aamir Zaki	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Cesar Bielich-Pomareda (1874--1950) was the Minister of the Navy of Peru in the 1930s.	Cesar Bielich-Pomareda	Peru
country of citizenship	Rear Admiral Sarath Ratnakeerthi VSV, usp, ndc, psc was Sri Lanka Navy's former Chief of Staff.	Sarath Ratnakeerthi	Sri Lanka
country of citizenship	Thomas Bracken (c. December 1841 -- 16 February 1898) was an Irish-born New Zealand poet, journalist and politician.	Thomas Bracken	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Mario Più (born Mario Piperno in Livorno, Italy on August 26, 1965) is an Italian professional disc jockey.	Mario Più	Italy
country of citizenship	Annie Crummer is a New Zealand pop singer and songwriter who has seen success in both a solo career and as part of various musical groups.	Annie Crummer	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Decha Phetakua (Thai: เดชา เพชรตะกั่ว; born January 30, 1983) is a professional footballer from Thailand.	Decha Phetakua	Thailand
country of citizenship	Parameshvara was a proponent of observational astronomy in medieval India and he himself had made a series of eclipse observations to verify the accuracy of the computational methods then in use.	Parameshvara	India
country of citizenship	Lt. General (retired) Mohammed Inuwa Wushishi CFR GCON (born 1940) was Chief of Army Staff (COAS), Nigeria from October 1981 to October 1983 during the Nigerian Second Republic.	Mohammed Inuwa Wushishi	Nigeria
country of origin	Aim for the Ace!, known in Japan as Ace o Nerae! (Japanese: エースをねらえ! Hepburn: Ēsu o Nerae!), is a manga series written and illustrated by Sumika Yamamoto.	Aim for the Ace!	Japan
country of origin	The Song of the Rivers (German: Das Lied der Ströme) is a 1954 documentary film production by the East Germany's Deutsche Film-Aktiengesellschaft (DEFA).	The Song of the Rivers	East Germany
country of origin	Jack Vidgen (born 17 January 1997) is an Australian singer, best known for winning the fifth season of Australia's Got Talent.	Jack Vidgen	Australia
country of origin	The Flying Matchmaker (also: Two Kuni Lemel, Shnei Kuni Leml or שני קוני למל) is a 1966 Israeli film musical directed by Israel Becker.	The Flying Matchmaker	Israel
country of origin	Used, though not commonly, as a female first name in Israel, Atalia is a secularist name associated with the sector of Israeli society which tends to rebel against old traditions and conventions and seek new ways.	Atalia	Israel
country of origin	Alguien te mira is a telenovela from Televisión Nacional de Chile.	Alguien te mira	Chile
country of origin	Atomised, also known as The Elementary Particles (French: Les Particules élémentaires), is a novel by the French author Michel Houellebecq, published in France in 1998.	Atomised	France
country of origin	Ratra Aarambh (Devnagari: रात्र आरंभ) is a thriller Marathi movie directed by Ajay Phansekar released in India in 1999 starring Dilip Prabhavalkar as an old man suffering from split personality.	Ratra Aarambh	India
country of origin	The Home of Dark Butterflies was released on 11 January 2008 and was well received in its native Finland, winning the 2009 Jussi Awards for Best Direction (Karukoski), Best Editing (Ylönen), Best Supporting Actor (Sveholm) and the The People's Choice Award.	The Home of Dark Butterflies	Finland
country of origin	Eat Static is an electronic music project from Frome, Somerset, England formed in 1989 by Merv Pepler and Joie Hinton.	Eat Static	England
country of origin	Ghee is a class of clarified butter that originated in ancient India and is commonly used in South Asian cuisines, traditional medicine, and religious rituals.	Ghee	India
country of origin	On May 20, 1951, after the editorial Ought to Emphasize the Discussion on 'The Life of Wu Xun' was published in the People's Daily, there emerged the very first large-scale excoriation of a film in the history of the People's Republic of China.	The Life of Wu Xun	People's Republic of China
country of origin	Duplessis was a historical television series in Quebec, Canada, that aired in 1978.	Duplessis	Canada
country of origin	Year of the Dogs grossed $199,191 at the box office in Australia.	Year of the Dogs	Australia
country of origin	Beneteau or Bénéteau (Euronext: BEN) is a French sail and motor boat manufacturer, with production facilities in France and the United States.	Beneteau	France
country of origin	Il Contratto (also known as 'The Contract') is a 1953 Australian film from Giorgio Mangiamele and Italian migrants in Australia.	Il Contratto	Australia
country of origin	After hearing that Alejandro has returned to Mexico after years of living abroad, Rubí tells Fernanda that Alejandro and Maribel have a son, and that her job will be making both Alejandro and his son fall in love with her in order to break Maribel's heart.	Rubí	Mexico
country of origin	Forget Me Not Farm (also known as Forget-Me-Not Farm) is a BBC children's television programme which ran on BBC Two's children's BBC time slot in the United Kingdom during the 1990s.	Forget Me Not Farm	United Kingdom
country of origin	Bremer Klaben, or just Klaben, is a type of Stollen from Bremen, Germany.	Bremer Klaben	Germany
country of origin	Hangman's Graveyard is a Canadian documentary film which was originally broadcast in Canada on History Television on December 6, 2009.	Hangman's Graveyard	Canada
country of origin	Wydarzenia (``Events'') is the news program of the Polsat, Poland's second biggest television channel.	Wydarzenia	Poland
country of origin	Remix to Rio is a 2010 Canadian documentary depicting young people from Toronto, Canada and Rio de Janeiro, Brazil as they create community outreach projects aimed at rescuing their peers from lives of crime.	Remix to Rio	Canada
country of origin	On August 4, 2011, All for Nothing? was nominated for a Gemini Award in the Best Reality Program or Series category, alongside Dragons' Den (Canada) (CBC), Conviction Kitchen (CityTV), CheF*OFF (Food Network Canada) and Best.	All for Nothing?	Canada
country of origin	You Can't Stop the Murders grossed $254,871 at the box office in Australia.	You Can't Stop the Murders	Australia
country of origin	Promod was created in France in 1975 as a family boutique with their self-designed clothes for women.	Promod	France
country of origin	A tale from India about the origin of the Buddha, Prem Sanyas depicts the story of Prince Siddhartha Gautama (portrayed by director Himansu Rai), the man who became the Buddha, as he journeys from privilege and seclusion to awareness of the inevitability of life's suffering, finally renouncing his kingdom to seek enlightenment.	Prem Sanyas	India
country of origin	The House of Sand was filmed entirely on the coast of northern Brazil, inside Lençóis Maranhenses National Park.	The House of Sand	Brazil
country of origin	Euskefeurat is a music group from Piteå, Sweden.	Euskefeurat	Sweden
country of origin	The first documented evidence of the Bratwurst in Germany dates back to 1313, and can be found in the Franconian city of Nuremberg, which is still an internationally renowned centre for the production of grill sausages.	Bratwurst	Germany
country of origin	UFOs Declassified is a Canadian television series that premiered on January 9, 2015 on the History Canada channel.	UFOs Declassified	Canada
country of origin	You and Your Stupid Mate grossed $688,491 at the box office in Australia.	You and Your Stupid Mate	Australia
country of origin	The Love Eterne is a 1963 Hong Kong musical film of the Huangmei opera genre directed by Li Han Hsiang.	The Love Eterne	Hong Kong
country of origin	The Society Murders is the name given to the 4 April 2002 murders of husband and wife millionaire socialites Margaret Mary Wales-King, 69, and husband, Paul Aloysius King, 75, in Melbourne, Victoria, Australia, by Margaret's son, Matthew Wales.	Society Murders	Australia
country of origin	The Times of India gave the film 3 stars out of 5 and wrote, ``Poojai is commercial masala done well.	Poojai	India
country of origin	Suddenly at Midnight was released in South Korea on 17 July 1981, and received a total of 28,178 admissions.	Suddenly at Midnight	South Korea
country of origin	Village of Idiots is a short animated comedy based on the classic humorous Jewish folk tales of Chełm directed and animated by Eugene Fedorenko and Rose Newlove, written by John Lazarus, and produced by the National Film Board of Canada (NFB).	Village of Idiots	Canada
country of origin	What Have You Done to Solange? was released on March 9, 1972 in West Germany under the title Das Geheimnis der grünen Stecknadel where it was distributed by Constantin.	What Have You Done to Solange?	Germany
country of origin	Frankenstein Conquers the World (released in Japan as Frankenstein versus Subterranean Monster Baragon (フランケンシュタイン対地底怪獣バラゴン Furankenshutain Tai Chitei Kaijū Baragon)) is a 1965 kaiju film.	Frankenstein Conquers the World	Japan
country of origin	Flic Story follows a nine-year pursuit of Emile Buisson through France during the 1940s and 1950s, and illustrates the pursuit as a battle of intellect, focusing on a growing rapport between Buisson and the protagonist Borniche.	Flic Story	France
country of origin	Reviewers of The Times of India wrote, ``Music by Indradeep Dasgupta and Neel Dutt is another highpoint, especially Shreya Ghoshal's ''Jaani Dyakha Hawbe`` number.	Jaani Dyakha Hawbe	India
country of origin	News.PH is a public affairs show produced by Nine Media Corporation and broadcast by CNN Philippines (formerly Solar News Channel and 9TV) since 2012 which talks about current events.	News.PH	Philippines
country of origin	Elmer Food Beat is a rock group from Nantes, France, formed in 1986.	Elmer Food Beat	France
country of origin	The Riddle of the Stinson is a 1987 Australian TV movie about the crash of the Stinson plane in Lamington, Queensland, Australia and the rescue of its survivors by local Queenslander Bernard O'Reilly (Jack Thompson).	The Riddle of the Stinson	Australia
country of origin	RocDaMic is Nigeria's first hiphop and alternative music reality television show.	RocDaMic	Nigeria
country of origin	Elite Squad was an outstanding commercial success, and became a cultural phenomenon in Brazil.	Elite Squad	Brazil
country of origin	Kavya Christopher of The Times of India gave it a 3/5 rating and wrote, ``Witty lyrics presented with an old-world charm have been music director V Harikrishna's USP, and with Kaddipudi, he recreates his magic.''	Kaddipudi	India
country of origin	The Era of Vampires is a 2002 Hong Kong martial arts horror film directed by Wellson Chin and produced by Tsui Hark.	The Era of Vampires	Hong Kong
country of origin	Carina Jaarneks orkester was a dansband in the town of Ronneby, Sweden, scoring chart successes at Svensktoppen between the late 1980s and the early 2000s, with Carina Jaarnek acting as the band's singer.	Carina Jaarneks orkester	Sweden
country of origin	Westler is a 1985 film originally produced for West Germany television.	Westler	Germany
country of origin	Hannah and Her Brothers (Slovak: Hana a jej bratia), written and directed by Vladimír Adásek, is the first feature-length film from Slovakia to deal with homosexuality.	Hannah and Her Brothers	Slovakia
country of origin	Following changes to sitting hours in the United Kingdom parliament, and extensive changes to the BBC's line-up of political programmes, Despatch Box was discontinued, and the programme's then regular presenter, Andrew Neil, moved on to present The Daily Politics and This Week.	Despatch Box	United Kingdom
country of origin	Op zoek naar Joseph (Looking for Joseph) was a 2008 talent show-themed television series produced by the AVRO in the Netherlands.	Op zoek naar Joseph	Netherlands
country of origin	PXG was a television show created by Prism Entertainment for Jetix in the United Kingdom which covered ``the latest in gaming reviews, hints, tips and cheats''.	PXG	United Kingdom
country of origin	Ambuyat is the national dish of Brunei, and a local delicacy in the Malaysian states of Sarawak, Sabah, and the federal territory of Labuan, where it is sometimes known as linut.	Ambuyat	Brunei
country of origin	Donat Mg is a natural mineral water from the springs of Rogaška Slatina in Slovenia.	Donat Mg	Slovenia
country of origin	Outback Bound is a 1988 American TV movie about a snooty Beverly Hills woman who goes to outback Australia.	Outback Bound	Australia
country of origin	The War Game itself finally saw television broadcast in the United Kingdom on BBC2 on 31 July 1985, as part of a special season of programming entitled After the Bomb (which was also Watkins's original working title for The War Game).	The War Game	United Kingdom
country of origin	Seletar Robbery (Simplified Chinese: 实里达大劫案, literally ``The Great Seletar Robbery'') is a 90-minute Singaporean action drama produced by Singapore Broadcasting Corporation (now MediaCorp) in 1982.	Seletar Robbery	Singapore
country of origin	The Haarlems Dagblad is a regional newspaper in Haarlem, the Netherlands.	Haarlems Dagblad	Netherlands
country of origin	Grattachecca is a cold dessert originating in Rome, Italy, commonly sold in kiosks and bars.	Grattachecca	Italy
country of origin	The Legend of Sarila (French: La Légende de Sarila) is a 2013 3-D computer-generated imagery (CGI) Canadian film and Canada's first 3-D animated feature film.	The Legend of Sarila	Canada
country of origin	Mai Ka Lal Was a Game show on Disney Channel (India) which ran from 2011 to 2012.	Mai Ka Lal	India
country of origin	Pratighatana (Telugu: ప్రతిఘటన) is a 1985 Telugu film about a woman's fight against corruption and criminalization of politics in India.	Pratighatana	India
country of origin	Sand City explores the lives and predicaments experienced by people from India at Arab countries for better dream and fortunes, leaving behind their loved ones at home.	Sand City	India
country of origin	The Jaquie Brown Diaries is a satirical New Zealand sitcom in which real-life television personality Jaquie Brown plays a fictionalised, over-ambitious, status-obsessed version of herself.	The Jaquie Brown Diaries	New Zealand
country of origin	Nasi kerabu is very popular in the east coast states of Malaya such as Kelantan and Terengganu, and now can be found throughout Malaysia as well as in southern Thailand where it is known as khāoyam (ข้าวยำ IPA: (kʰâːw jam)).	Nasi kerabu	Malaysia
country of origin	Bourekas films (Hebrew: סרטי בורקס‎) were a genre of Israeli-made movies popular in Israel in the 1960s and 1970s.	Bourekas film	Israel
country of origin	Consolevania is a video games TV show filmed in and around Glasgow, Scotland.	Consolevania	Scotland
country of origin	Digital Tour is a TV Show in the Philippines broadcast by Studio 23.	Digital Tour	Philippines
country of origin	The Expandables is a Canadian home renovation television series produced by Tricon Films & Television, which premiered January 8, 2015 on HGTV Canada.	The Expandables	Canada
country of origin	The Legend of Zu, also known as Zu Warriors, is a 2001 Hong Kong film produced and directed by Tsui Hark.	The Legend of Zu	Hong Kong
country of origin	Vincent Lalu et Associés, 71% SNCF, 10% Société du personnel de La Vie du Rail, 5% Groupe La Vie-Le Monde, 5% Groupe Ouest-France, 5% Mutuelle d'assurance des artisans de France, 4%.	La Vie du Rail	France
country of origin	Sbrinz is a very hard cheese produced in central Switzerland.	Sbrinz	Switzerland
country of origin	Throughout much of the show's run it was not stated which city of Australia Erinsborough was located in.	Erinsborough	Australia
country of origin	Postcards from Buster centers on Buster traveling to various places around North America, usually in the United States but also in the Caribbean, Canada -- and other places -- with his father, who is a pilot for a group of musicians.	Postcards from Buster	Canada
country of origin	Love Patrol is a ni-Vanuatu television series.	Love Patrol	Vanuatu
country of origin	Rotterdam Ska-Jazz Foundation is a band from the Netherlands playing a mix of ska, jazz, rocksteady, reggae and soul, with a strong '60s influence.	Rotterdam Ska-Jazz Foundation	Netherlands
country of origin	Four seasons of Mamamia Show have been aired in Indonesia (2007, 2008, 2010, and 2014--2015).	Mamamia Show	Indonesia
country of origin	L'Age d'Or was one of the first sound films made in France, along with Prix de Beauté and Under the Roofs of Paris.	L'Age d'Or	France
country of origin	PG Tips (pronounced pee-gee tips) is a brand of tea in the United Kingdom, manufactured by Unilever UK.	PG Tips	United Kingdom
country of origin	Germany plans an overall purchase of approximately 300 Fenneks.	Fennek	Germany
country of origin	Filming for Mapado did not take place on an island, but in Dongbaek village in Yeonggwang County, South Korea.	Mapado	South Korea
country of origin	Joys of Life (simplified Chinese: 花样人间) is a Singaporean Chinese drama which was telecasted on Singapore's free-to-air channel, MediaCorp Channel 8.	Joys of Life	Singapore
country of origin	Wielie Walie (Pronounced Vee-lee Vaa-lee) was an Afrikaans children's variety programme created by Louise Smit featuring puppets, which was broadcast from the launch of television in South Africa in 1976.	Wielie Walie	South Africa
country of origin	In 1936, Jean Pomagalski installed their first ski lift on the Eclose Trail in l'Alpe d'Huez in France.	Poma	France
country of origin	Blestyashchiye (Russian: Блестя́щие; IPA: (blʲɪˈsʲtʲæɕːɪɪ), lit. the shining ones) is one of the first and most enduring all-girl singing groups in Russia.	Blestyashchiye	Russia
country of origin	Fist Power is a 2000 Hong Kong action film directed by Aman Chang, starring Chiu Man-cheuk, Anthony Wong, Gigi Lai and Sam Lee.	Fist Power	Hong Kong
country of origin	The first release of Seven Dumpsters and a Corpse outside of Switzerland was at the Hot Docs Canadian International Documentary Festival, April 2007, in Toronto.	Seven Dumpsters and a Corpse	Switzerland
country of origin	Like several other 1980s films by Mahesh Bhatt, Awaargi, containing serious and realistic content, belongs to the arthouse cinematic genre, known in India as parallel cinema.	Awaargi	India
country of origin	Salmorejo is a purée consisting of tomato and bread, originating from Cordoba in Andalucia, south Spain.	Salmorejo	Spain
country of origin	Looking Back in Anger (Chinese: 義不容情; literally: ``righteousness doesn't permit feelings'') was a 1989 Hong Kong TV series and one of the most watched TVB series by Chinese people in Hong Kong and around the world.	Looking Back in Anger	Hong Kong
country of origin	Hepsi 1 is a popular television show in Turkey, broadcasting on the national network ATV.	Hepsi 1	Turkey
country of origin	The Brains Trust was a popular informational BBC radio and later television programme in the United Kingdom during the 1940s and '50s, on which a panel of experts tried to answer questions sent in by the audience.	The Brains Trust	United Kingdom
country of origin	Rattan Kumar (Syed Nazir Ali), who had moved to Pakistan with his family, acted in Bedari also.	Bedari	Pakistan
country of origin	Vuarnet (French pronunciation: ​(vyaʁnɛ)) is an eyewear brand, owned and manufactured by Sporoptic Pouilloux, S.A. based in France.	Vuarnet	France
country of origin	Written in haste in a six-week period, L'elisir d'amore was the most often performed opera in Italy between 1838 and 1848 and it has remained continually in the international opera repertory.	L'elisir d'amore	Italy
creator	The Pearl and the Wave (French: La Perle et la vague), also known as The Wave and the Pearl, is a painting by the French artist Paul-Jacques-Aimé Baudry created in 1862.	The Pearl and the Wave	Paul-Jacques-Aimé Baudry
date of birth	Frank Winterstein (born 17 December 1986 in Canterbury, New South Wales) is an Australian-Samoan professional rugby union footballer who plays for the Kintetsu Liners in the Top League.	Frank Winterstein	17 December 1986
date of death	Warren De la Rue (15 January 1815 -- 19 April 1889) was a British astronomer and chemist, most famous for his pioneering work in astronomical photography.	Warren De la Rue	19 April 1889
date of death	Miklós Kretzoi (9 February 1907 -- 15 March 2005) was a Hungarian geologist, paleontologist and paleoanthropologist and Széchenyi Prize winner.	Miklós Kretzoi	15 March 2005
date of death	Richard Bathurst (died 1762) was a British essayist and physician, born in Jamaica and sent to England to study medicine.	Richard Bathurst	1762
date of death	Albert Popper (Czech: Vojtěch Popper; Hebrew name: Abraham; 1808 -- 3 September 1889) was a mayor of Vimperk (Winterberg) and doctor for the House of Schwarzenberg.	Albert Popper	3 September 1889
date of death	Rodney de Gruchy (23 March 1948 -- 24 June 2011) was an Australian surfer, rock band manager, and jewellery designer.	Rodney de Gruchy	24 June 2011
date of death	Hugh Lyle Smyth (15 Nov 1834 -- 25 May 1911) was a wealthy merchant and a JP who was appointed High Sheriff of Cheshire in 1895.	Hugh Lyle Smyth	25 May 1911
date of death	Matthew Newcomen (c. 1610 -- 1 September 1669) was an English nonconformist churchman.	Matthew Newcomen	1669
date of death	Alvinza Hayward (1822-February 14, 1904) was a well-known gold mining millionaire who made his fortune in California.	Alvinza Hayward	1904
date of death	Marie Litton (1847 -- 1 April 1884) was the stage name of Mary Jessie Lowe, an English actress and theatre manager.	Marie Litton	1884
date of death	Waman Gopal Joshi (Marathi: वामन गोपाळ जोशी) (18 March 1881 -- 3 June 1956) was a Marathi journalist, playwright, and freedom fighter, from Maharashtra, India.	Waman Gopal Joshi	3 June 1956
date of death	Cardell Goodman (also Cardonell) (1649?--1699) was an English actor and adventurer, now known as a Jacobite conspirator.	Cardell Goodman	1699
date of death	Shraga Moshe Kalmanowitz (Hebrew: שרגא משה קלמנוביץ‎; 1918 -- April 16, 1998) was a Polish-American Orthodox rabbi.	Shraga Moshe Kalmanowitz	1998
date of death	Muirchertach Tethbhach Ua Conchobair, Prince of Connacht, died 1204.	Muirchertach Tethbhach	1204
date of death	Emma Sandys (born Mary Ann Emma Sands) (Norwich 1843 -- November 1877 Norwich) was a 19th-century English painter.	Emma Sandys	November 1877
date of death	Hans-Heinrich Döhler (5 December 1917 -- 22 February 1943) was a German U-boat commander in World War II.	Hans-Heinrich Döhler	22 February 1943
date of death	Maura McGiveney (1939 -- 1990) was an English-American film and television actress during the 1960s and 1970s.	Maura McGiveney	1990
date of death	William Douglas, 9th Earl of Angus (1533 -- 1 July 1591, at Glenbervie) was a Scottish nobleman and zealous supporter of Mary, Queen of Scots.	William Douglas, 9th Earl of Angus	1 July 1591
date of death	Leopold Davis Lewis (1828 -- 23 February 1890), was an English dramatist.	Leopold Davis Lewis	23 February 1890
date of death	Veit Erbermann (or Ebermann) (born on 25 May 1597 -- died on 8 April 1675) was a German theologian and controversialist.	Veit Erbermann	8 April 1675
date of death	Maria Rita Saulle was a professor of law and a judge in the Italian Constitutional Court from November 2005 until her death on 7 July 2011.	Maria Rita Saulle	7 July 2011
date of death	Isaac L. Anderson (1780--1857) was a Presbyterian minister and the founder in 1819 of Southern and Western Theological Seminary in Maryville, Tennessee.	Isaac L. Anderson	1857
date of death	Antônio Firmino Monteiro (22 February 1855, Rio de Janeiro - 3 July 1888, Niterói) was an Afro-Brazilian painter.	Firmino Monteiro	3 July 1888
date of death	Hugh of Montgomery, 2nd Earl of Shrewsbury (died 1098), was an Anglo-Norman aristocrat and member of the House of Bellême.	Hugh of Montgomery, 2nd Earl of Shrewsbury	1098
date of death	John Stanley Coombe Beard FRIBA (17 July 1890 -- 1970), known professionally as J. Stanley Beard, was an English architect known for designing many cinemas in and around London.	John Stanley Coombe Beard	1970
date of death	Ethel Scarborough (10 January 1880 -- 9 December 1956) was an English pianist, composer and politician.	Ethel Scarborough	9 December 1956
date of death	Mohammed Saeed Al-Habboubi (Arabic: محمد سعيد الحبوبي‎) (1849- 1915) He was An Iraqi Poet, Faqīh,and a merchant, born in Najaf to rich family .	Mohammed Saeed Al-Habboubi	1915
date of death	Georg-Hans Reinhardt (1 March 1887 -- 23 November 1963) was a German general of World War II. He commanded Third Panzer Army from 1941 to 1944, and Army Group Centre in 1944 and 1945.	Georg-Hans Reinhardt	23 November 1963
date of death	Iša Krejčí (10 July 1904 -- 6 March 1968) was a Czech neoclassicist composer, conductor and dramaturg.	Iša Krejčí	6 March 1968
date of death	Phyllis Greenacre (born 3 May 1894, Chicago, Illinois; died 24 October 1989 Ossining, New York) was an American psychoanalyst and physician who was a supervising and training analyst at the New York Psychoanalytic Institute.	Phyllis Greenacre	24 October 1989
date of death	Maharaja Himmat Singhji (2 September 1899 -- 24 November 1960) was the last ruler of the princely state of Idar state.	Himmat Singh	24 November 1960
date of death	Gustav Rehberger (1910--1995) was an Austrian-born American painter, draftsman, illustrator, designer, muralist, and art educator.	Gustav Rehberger	1995
date of death	James John Joicey (1871 -- 10 March 1932, in Hill Witley) was an amateur entomologist who assembled a massive collection of Lepidoptera in a private museum called the Hill Museum.	James John Joicey	10 March 1932
date of death	Don Tolhurst (24 June 1929 -- 21 February 2005) was an Australian sports shooter.	Don Tolhurst	21 February 2005
date of death	Powell Pierpoint (1922--1998) was a United States lawyer who served as General Counsel of the Army from 1961 to 1963.	Powell Pierpoint	1998
date of death	Luigi Pellegrini Scaramuccia (1616--1680) was an Italian painter and artist biographer of the Baroque period.	Luigi Pellegrini Scaramuccia	1680
date of death	Lucien Vogt (born 1891 in New York, died 1968), was an American painter and illustrator .	Lucien Vogt	1968
date of death	Samuel Laurence (also spelled Lawrence; 1812--1884) was a British portrait painter.	Samuel Laurence	1884
date of death	Salahuddin Toofani (1948 -- 8 March 2008) was a Pakistani actor, primarily seen in comedy roles, who rose to prominence on stage and television during the 1970s and achieved fame in the early 1980s as a member of the Saturday Night Live-styled sketch comedy TV series Fifty Fifty.	Salahuddin Toofani	8 March 2008
date of death	Gaetano Susali (1724 - 1779) was an Italian sculptor, active in the late-Baroque in Venice.	Gaetano Susali	1779
date of death	Franco Califano (14 September 1938 -- 30 March 2013) was an Italian lyricist, composer, singer-songwriter, author and actor.	Franco Califano	30 March 2013
date of death	Robert Mackintosh (c 1745-1807), known as 'Red Rob' on account of the colour of his hair, was a Scottish composer and violinist, active in Edinburgh at the end of the 18th century.	Robert Mackintosh	1807
date of death	Count Jan Klemens Branicki (also known as Jan Kazimierz Branicki) (21 September 1689 -- 9 October 1771) was a Polish nobleman, magnate and Hetman, Field Crown Hetman of the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth between 1735 and 1752, and Great Crown Hetman between 1752 and 1771.	Jan Klemens Branicki	9 October 1771
date of death	Jan Van Rijswijck ((14 February 1853 -- 23 September 1906), was a Belgian lawyer, liberal politician and journalist.	Jan Van Rijswijck	23 September 1906
date of death	Charles James Berridge Aldis (16 January 1808 -- 26 July 1872) was an English physician, son of Sir Charles Aldis.	Charles James Berridge Aldis	26 July 1872
date of death	Antoine Claraz (8 September 1909 -- 29 May 1997) was a Swiss painter, sculptor and art teacher.	Antoine Claraz	29 May 1997
date of death	Sir Anthony van Dyck (Dutch pronunciation: (vɑn ˈdɛi̯k), many variant spellings; 22 March 1599 -- 9 December 1641) was a Flemish Baroque artist who became the leading court painter in England, after enjoying great success in Italy and Flanders.	Anthony van Dyck	9 December 1641
date of death	Nikolaus Hagenauer (c. 1445/1460 -- before 1538) was a German late gothic sculptor from Alsace.	Nikolaus Hagenauer	1538
date of death	Alfred William Howitt (17 April 1830 -- 7 March 1908) was an Australian anthropologist, explorer and naturalist.	Alfred William Howitt	7 March 1908
date of death	Prince Joseph Clemens of Bavaria (German: Joseph Clemens Maria Ferdinand Ludwig Anton Augustin Alphons Alta Franz von Sales Philipp Nerius Prinz von Bayern) (25 May 1902 -- 8 January 1990) was a member of the Bavarian Royal House of Wittelsbach and a leading German Art Historian.	Prince Joseph Clemens of Bavaria	8 January 1990
date of death	Snowdon Barne (26 December 1756 -- 3 July 1825) was a lawyer and a British Member of Parliament, who represented the Dunwich seat from 1796-1812.	Snowdon Barne	3 July 1825
date of death	George Lydon (born 24 June 1902 - 12 August 1953) was an English footballer who played as a full-back.	George Lydon	12 August 1953
date of death	Francis Palmer Smith (born 1886, Cincinnati--1971) was an architect active in Atlanta and elsewhere in the Southeastern United States.	Francis Palmer Smith	1971
date of death	Hiram Orlando Fairchild (August 14, 1845 -- October 14, 1925) was a Wisconsin politician, legislator, and politician.	Hiram Orlando Fairchild	1925
date of death	Mary Adshead (15 February 1904 London - 3 September 1995 London) was an English painter, muralist, illustrator and designer.	Mary Adshead	3 September 1995
date of death	Emperor Shang of Han (Chinese: 漢殤帝; pinyin: Hàn Shāng Dì; Wade--Giles: Han Shang-ti; early 105 -- August or September 106) was an infant emperor of the Chinese Han Dynasty and the fifth emperor of the Eastern Han.	Emperor Shang of Han	106
date of death	George Mantello (11 December 1901 -- 25 April 1992) was a Jewish diplomat who, while working for the Salvadoran consulate in Geneva, Switzerland from 1942 to 1945, saved thousands of Jews from the Holocaust by providing them with fictive Salvadoran citizenship papers.	George Mantello	25 April 1992
date of death	Edna Eicke (1919--1979) was for many years an illustrator of distinctive covers for the New Yorker magazine.	Edna Eicke	1979
date of death	Captain Augustus M. Reinhardt (1842--1923) was the namesake of Reinhardt University in Waleska, Georgia and a founder of Atlanta's Gate City Street Railroad Company.	Augustus M. Reinhardt	1923
date of death	Claggett Wilson (1887--1952) was one of America's first ``Modernist'' painters.	Claggett Wilson	1952
date of death	Gordon Stretton (June 5, 1887 -- 1982), born William Masters, To Ann J Masters Nee Williams Born 1862 was a Welsh-African-descended drummer from Liverpool, who first gained fame in the 1910s and later became one of the first Liverpool-based musicians to gain international acclaim.	Gordon Stretton	1982
date of death	Elisha Brown (25 May 1717 - 20 April 1802) was a deputy governor of the Colony of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations.	Elisha Brown	20 April 1802
date of death	Margaret O'Carroll (also known as: Mairgréag Ní Chearbhaill, Margaret O'Connor, or Failge) was a fifteenth-century Gaelic Irish noblewoman (d. 1451 in Ireland) who was mainly remembered for her hospitality and piety.	Margaret O'Carroll	1451
date of death	George Montagu-Dunk, 2nd Earl of Halifax, KG PC (6 October 1716 -- 8 June 1771) was a British statesman of the Georgian era.	George Montagu-Dunk, 2nd Earl of Halifax	8 June 1771
date of death	John Scholasticus (died August 31, 577) was the 32nd patriarch of Constantinople from April 12, 565 until his death in 577.	John Scholasticus	577
date of death	Hüseyin Hilmi Bey or İştirakçi (Socialist) Hilmi (born 1885? İzmir-16 November 1922 İstanbul death) one of the early Turkish socialists, old Liberal.	Hüseyin Hilmi	16 November 1922
date of death	John Caswell (sometimes recorded as John Carswell) (1654 or 1655 -- 28 April 1712) was an English mathematician who served as Savilian Professor of Astronomy at the University of Oxford from 1709 until his death.	John Caswell	1712
date of death	Bernhard Lösener (December 27, 1890 -- August 28, 1952), was a lawyer and Jewish expert in the Reich Ministry of the Interior.	Bernhard Lösener	1952
date of death	William Willett (10 August 1856 -- 4 March 1915) was a British builder and a tireless promoter of British Summer Time.	William Willett	4 March 1915
date of death	Joséphine Leroux (1747--1794), born Anne-Joseph Leroux, was an Ursuline nun.	Joséphine Leroux	1794
date of death	Giuseppe Catalani (1698-1764), also known as Catalano or Catalanus, was a Roman Catholic liturgist of the eighteenth century, a member of the Hieronymite Oratory of San Girolamo della Carità.	Giuseppe Catalani	1764
date of death	Gerard Langbaine (15 July 1656 -- 23 June 1692) was an English dramatic biographer and critic, best known for his An Account of the English Dramatic Poets (1691), the earliest work to give biographical and critical information on the playwrights of English Renaissance theatre.	Gerard Langbaine	23 June 1692
date of death	Jacques Blondeau (alternative names: Jacomo Blondel, Hansje Blondeau, Jacobus Blondeau, Jean Jacques Blondeau, Jacques Blondel and nickname: Weyman) (Antwerp, 9 May 1655 - Rome, 1698) was a Flemish Baroque engraver who after training in Antwerp spent most of his career in Italy.	Jacques Blondeau	1698
date of death	Harry Julius Emeléus CBE, FRS (22 June 1903 -- 2 December 1993) was a leading British inorganic chemist.	Harry Julius Emeléus	2 December 1993
date of death	Nada Naumović (Serbian Cyrillic: Нада Наумовић; 20 April 1922 -- 21 October 1941) was a Serbian student activist who was killed in World War II and was posthumously named a People's Hero of Yugoslavia.	Nada Naumović	21 October 1941
date of death	Thomas Leiper (15 December 1745 -- 6 July 1825) was a Scottish American merchant and local politician who served in the American Revolutionary War.	Thomas Leiper	6 July 1825
date of death	William Henry Metcalf VC, MM & Bar (29 January 1894 -- 8 August 1968) was a Canadian recipient of the Victoria Cross, the highest award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth forces.	William Henry Metcalf	8 August 1968
date of death	Jacob Bonneau (died 18 March 1786), was a painter in England.	Jacob Bonneau	18 March 1786
date of death	John Petherick (1813 -- 15 July 1882), Welsh traveller, trader and consul in East Central Africa, was born in Glamorganshire, and adopted the profession of mining engineer.	John Petherick	15 July 1882
date of death	Ernest Dudley (23 July 1908 -- 1 February 2006) was an English actor, dramatist, novelist, journalist and screenwriter.	Ernest Dudley	1 February 2006
date of death	William Elford Leach, MD, FRS (2 February 1791 -- 25 August 1836) was an English zoologist and marine biologist.	William Elford Leach	25 August 1836
date of death	Steven van der Hagen (Amersfoort, 1563 -- 1621) was the first admiral of the Dutch East India Company (VOC).	Steven van der Hagen	1621
date of death	Farah Mohamed Jama Awl (Somali: Faarax Maxamed Jaamac Cawl, Arabic: فارح محمد جامع عول‎; 1937--1991), usually credited as Faarax M.J. Cawl, was a Somali writer.	Farah Mohamed Jama Awl	1991
date of death	Pierre-Alain Donnier, was a Swiss journalist, died while reporting from Chad about the United Nations Development Program (PNUD), on 13 March 1988 in the Tibesti region.	Pierre-Alain Donnier	1988
date of death	Dr. Josip Mikoczy-Blumenthal (Hungarian: Mikóczy-Blumenthal József; February, 1734, Zagreb - 22 March 1800, Zagreb) was a Croatian historian and founder of the Theory of Croatian Iranian origin in 1797.	Josip Mikoczy-Blumenthal	22 March 1800
date of death	Lancelot Beresford Bryan Fairfax (8 February 1925 -- 11 January 2014) was an Australian conductor based in the United Kingdom, who was known for his championing of little known or neglected works.	Bryan Fairfax	11 January 2014
date of death	Thomas Warren (fl. 1727--1767) was an English bookseller, printer, publisher and businessman.	Thomas Warren	1767
date of death	José Mauro Volkmer de Castilho (1946--1998) was a Brazilian scientist, teacher and researcher.	José Mauro Volkmer de Castilho	1998
date of death	Demetrius Constantine Dounis (also Demetrios), also known as D. C. Dounis (Greek: Δημήτριος Κωνσταντίνος Δούνης; c.1886 to 1894 -- August 13, 1954), was an influential teacher of violin and string instrument technique, as well as violinist, violist, and mandolin player.	Demetrius Constantine Dounis	1954
date of death	Alan Willett (c. 1956 -- September 8, 1999) was executed at age 43 for the 1993 murders of his 13-year-old son, Eric, and his mentally retarded brother, Roger Willett in Johnson County, Arkansas.	Alan Willett	1999
date of death	Tadeusz Faliszewski (1898-1961) (Jerzy Nowogródzki, Jerzy Orowski, Jan Pobóg, Jan Saskowski), Polish singer, cabaret actor, director of revues and operettas.	Tadeusz Faliszewski	1961
date of death	Nabinchandra Sen (Bengali: নবীনচন্দ্র সেন; 1847--1909) was a Bengali poet and writer, often considered as one of the greatest poets prior to the arrival of Rabindranath Tagore.	Nabinchandra Sen	1909
date of death	Francisco Rafael Arellano Félix (24 October 1949 -- 18 October 2013) was a Mexican drug lord and former leader of the Tijuana Cartel, a drug trafficking organization.	Francisco Rafael Arellano Félix	18 October 2013
date of death	He Dasha (Chinese: 何大傻; 1897-1957) was a Chinese musician.	He Dasha	1957
date of death	George Brock Chisholm, CC, CBE, MC & Bar, ED (18 May 1896 -- 4 February 1971) was a Canadian First World War veteran, medical practitioner, the first Director-General of the World Health Organization (WHO), and the 13th Canadian Surgeon General.	Brock Chisholm	4 February 1971
date of death	Frank Becton (11 May 1873 -- 6 November 1909) was an English professional footballer at the turn of the 20th century.	Frank Becton	6 November 1909
date of death	Edmé Régnier L'Aîné (1751--1825) was a French pistol maker and engineer, born in Semur-en-Auxois in 1751 and died in Paris in 1825.	Edmé Régnier L'Aîné	1825
date of death	Ahmad bin Na'aman Al Kaabi (Arabic: أحمد بن نعمان الكعبي‎; born between 1784-1790) was the first Arab emissary to visit the United States.	Ahmad bin Na'aman Al Kaabi	1790
date of death	Peter Jaffrey Wheatley (1921 in Cheshire -- 12 May 1997) was a British chemist, who published over 100 papers and 5 books on physical chemistry, crystallography and structural chemistry.	Peter Jaffrey Wheatley	12 May 1997
date of death	Hadyn Ellis CBE DSc (25 October 1945 - 6 November 2006) was a Welsh psychologist who was influential in the field of face processing and who had some 160 publications to his name.	Hadyn Ellis	6 November 2006
date of death	Sir Henry Stuart Jones (15 May 1867 -- 29 June 1939) was a British academic and fellow of Trinity College, University of Oxford, where he held an appointment from 1920 to 1927 as Camden Professor of Ancient History.	Henry Stuart Jones	29 June 1939
date of death	Maria Vladimirovna of Staritsa(ca 1560, Staritsa -- 13 May 1610) was a Russian princess.	Maria Vladimirovna of Staritsa	13 May 1610
date of death	Alda Ferreira Pires Barreto de Lara Albuquerque, known as Alda Lara (9 June 1930, Benguela, Angola -- 30 January 1962, Cambambe, Angola) was a Portuguese language Angolan poet.	Alda Lara	30 January 1962
date of death	Gillis Schagen (1616, Alkmaar -- 1668, Alkmaar), was a Dutch Golden Age painter.	Gillis Schagen	1668
date of death	Dettmar Cramer (4 April 1925 -- 17 September 2015) was a German football player and coach who led Bayern Munich to the 1975 and 1976 European Cups.	Dettmar Cramer	17 September 2015
date of death	Sarah Thorne (10 May 1836 -- 27 February 1899) was a British actress and actress-manager of the 19th century who managed the Theatre Royal at Margate for many years and who ran a school for acting there widely regarded as Britain's first formal drama school.	Sarah Thorne	27 February 1899
date of death	Anthony Creighton (1922, Swanage -- 22 March 2005), a British actor and writer, is best known as the co-author of the play Epitaph for George Dillon with John Osborne.	Anthony Creighton	22 March 2005
date of death	Louis M. Lyons (1 September 1897 -- 11 April 1982) was an American journalist and curator of the Nieman Foundation for Journalism.	Louis M. Lyons	11 April 1982
date of death	William Stourton, 12th Baron Stourton (died 1685) was the grandson and successor of William Stourton.	William Stourton, 12th Baron Stourton	1685
date of death	Nuh Necati Çelim (1909, Köşk, Aydın Province, Ottoman Empire -- 5 March 1986, Izmir, Turkey) was a Turkish politician, doctor, and Member of Parliament (MP) for the Democratic Party (Demokrat Parti).	Necati Çelim	5 March 1986
date of death	Bruno Gironcoli (27 September 1936 -- 19 February 2010) was an Austrian modern artist.	Bruno Gironcoli	19 February 2010
date of death	Elizabeth Colina Katayama (née McDonald; 9 October 1912 -- 4 September 1998) was an Australian writer under the pseudonym Elizabeth Kata, best known for Be Ready with Bells and Drums (1961), which was made into the award-winning film A Patch of Blue (1965).	Elizabeth Kata	4 September 1998
date of death	Isaac Schour (1900--1964) was an internationally known dental scholar, educator, researcher, and administrator.	Isaac Schour	1964
date of death	Thomas Crane (1808--1859) was an English artist and portrait painter.	Thomas Crane	1859
date of death	Ali Boumendjel (Arabic: علي بومنجل‎) (May 24, 1919 -- March 23, 1957) was an Algerian militant and lawyer.	Ali Boumendjel	1957
date of death	Juan Zurita (2 May 1917 - 24 March 2000) was a Mexican boxer in the Lightweight division and a former Lightweight world champion.	Juan Zurita	24 March 2000
date of death	John Shawe or Shaw (1608--1672) was an English puritan minister, an influential preacher in the north of England during the Interregnum.	John Shawe	1672
date of death	Choe Woo (Hangul : 최우 Hanja : 崔瑀) (1179? - 10 December 1249) was the second Choe dictator of the Ubong Choe Military regime.	Choe Woo	1249
date of death	K. Gordon Murray (1922--1979) was an American producer, most notable for his redubbing and re-releasing of foreign fairy tale films for U.S. audiences.	K. Gordon Murray	1979
date of death	Herman Krefting (25 September 1592 -- 9 February 1651) was a German/Norwegian ironworks pioneer.	Herman Krefting	9 February 1651
date of death	Daya Bir Singh Kansakar (Devanagari: दयावीरसिंह कंसकार) (1911-2001) was a Nepalese social worker and the first blood donor in Nepal.	Daya Bir Singh Kansakar	2001
date of death	(Herman) Max Gluckman (26 January 1911 -- 13 April 1975) was a South African and British social anthropologist.	Max Gluckman	13 April 1975
date of death	Angela du Maurier (1 March 1904 -- 5 February 2002) was an English novelist who also wrote two volumes of autobiography, It's Only the Sister (1951) and Old Maids Remember.	Angela du Maurier	5 February 2002
date of death	Karen Mowat (c. 1630--1675) was a Norwegian heiress to large land properties, which later became the basis of Barony Rosendal.	Karen Mowat	1675
date of death	Sukhdev Singh (1952 -- 12 July 1988), best known as Labh Singh and also known as Sukha Sipahi and General Labh Singh, was a former Punjab police officer who took command of the Khalistan Commando Force after its first leader, Manbir Singh Chaheru, was arrested in 1986.	Labh Singh	12 July 1988
date of death	Gioacchino Conti (28 February 1714 -- 25 October 1761), best known as Gizziello, was an Italian soprano castrato opera singer.	Gioacchino Conti	25 October 1761
date of death	Hugh Montgomerie, 12th Earl of Eglinton KT (5 November 1739 -- 14 December 1819) was a Scottish peer, politician, and composer.	Hugh Montgomerie, 12th Earl of Eglinton	14 December 1819
date of death	Sir Thomas William Moffett (3 June 1820 -- 6 July 1908) was an Irish scholar and educationalist, who served as President of Queen's College Galway.	Thomas William Moffett	6 July 1908
date of death	Robert Tomes (March 27, 1817 -- 1882), American physician, diplomat and writer.	Robert Tomes	1882
date of death	Bagha Jatin (Bāghā Jatin, lit: Tiger Jatin), born Jatindranath Mukherjee (Jotindrônāth Mukhōpaddhāē) (7 December 1879 -- 10 September 1915) was a Bengali revolutionary philosopher against British rule.	Bagha Jatin	10 September 1915
date of death	Jakob Bogdani (1658 - 11 November 1724), whose names are sometimes spelt Jacob and Bogdany, was a Hungarian and British artist well known for his still life and exotic bird paintings.	Jakob Bogdani	11 November 1724
date of death	Dane Searls (22 February 1988 -- 25 November 2011) was an Australian BMX rider.	Dane Searls	25 November 2011
date of death	Sir John Arthur Thomson (8 July 1861 -- 12 February 1933) was a Scottish naturalist who authored several notable books and was an expert on soft corals.	John Arthur Thomson	12 February 1933
date of death	Anatol Peresselenzeff (Russian: Анатолий Андреевич Переселенцев; 1889--1956) was a pioneer Russian rower and rowing coach.	Anatol Peresselenzeff	1956
date of death	Peter Rauhofer (29 April 1965 -- 7 May 2013) was a disc jockey (DJ), remixer and producer who formerly went under the moniker Club 69 as well as Size Queen.	Peter Rauhofer	7 May 2013
date of death	Edward Pearson (1756--1811) was an English academic and theologian, Master of Sidney Sussex College, Cambridge from 1808.	Edward Pearson	1811
date of death	William Bedwell (1561 -- 5 May 1632 near London) was an English priest and scholar, specializing in Arabic and other ``oriental'' languages as well as in mathematics.	William Bedwell	5 May 1632
date of death	Qifu Chipan (Chinese: 乞伏熾磐; died 428), formally Prince Wenzhao of (Western) Qin ((西)秦文昭王), was a prince of the Xianbei state Western Qin.	Qifu Chipan	428
date of death	Felice Bauer (18 November 1887 -- 15 October 1960) was a fiancée of Franz Kafka, whose letters to her were published as Letters to Felice.	Felice Bauer	15 October 1960
date of death	William Pitt Durfee (5 February 1855 -- 17 December 1941) was an American mathematician who introduced Durfee squares.	William Pitt Durfee	17 December 1941
date of death	Jim Tagell (17 December 1914 -- 1 December 1973) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Fitzroy in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Jim Tagell	1 December 1973
date of death	Nuku Muhammad Amiruddin (1738--1805), also known as Prince Nuku or Sultan Nuku, was a sultan of Tidore.	Nuku Muhammad Amiruddin	1805
date of death	Naushad Ali (Hindi: नौशाद अली, Urdu: نوشاد علی خیدر‎;26 December 1919 -- 5 May 2006) was an Indian musician.	Naushad	5 May 2006
date of death	Erhard Schmidt (13 January 1876 -- 6 December 1959) was a Baltic German mathematician whose work significantly influenced the direction of mathematics in the twentieth century.	Erhard Schmidt	6 December 1959
date of death	John Philipot (1588 -- 22 November 1645) was an officer of arms at the College of Arms in London and a politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1628 to 1629.	John Philipot	22 November 1645
date of death	Rafael Corkidi Acriche (20 May 1930 -- 18 September 2013) was a Mexican cinematographer, film director and screenwriter.	Rafael Corkidi	18 September 2013
date of death	Alan Dargin (13 July 1967 -- 24 February 2008) was an indigenous Australian musician and songwriter known for being a didgeridoo player.	Alan Dargin	24 February 2008
date of death	Centurione II Zaccaria (died 1432), scion of a powerful Genoese merchant family established in the Morea, was installed as Prince of Achaea by Ladislaus of Naples in 1404 and was the last ruler of the Latin Empire not under Byzantine suzerainty.	Centurione II Zaccaria	1432
date of death	Edward Llewellyn-Thomas (15 December 1917 -- 5 July 1984) was an English scientist, university professor and, writing as Edward Llewellyn, a science fiction author.	Edward Llewellyn-Thomas	5 July 1984
date of death	Kenneth Allsop (29 January 1920 -- 23 May 1973) was a British broadcaster, author and naturalist.	Kenneth Allsop	23 May 1973
date of death	Petr Hapka (13 May 1944 -- 25 November 2014) was a Czech composer, one of the most significant composers of Czech film music scores.	Petr Hapka	25 November 2014
date of death	William Smyth (or Smith) (c. 1460 -- 2 January 1514) was Bishop of Coventry and Lichfield from 1493 to 1496 and then Bishop of Lincoln until his death.	William Smyth	2 January 1514
date of death	Helen Almira Shafer (born Newark, New Jersey, 23 September 1839; died Wellesley, Massachusetts, 20 January 1894) was a president of Wellesley College.	Helen Almira Shafer	20 January 1894
date of death	Bayezid Pasha or Beyazid Pasha (also known as Amasyalı Beyazid Pasha; died July 1421) was an Ottoman statesman who served as grand vizier of the Ottoman Empire from 1413 to 1421.	Bayezid Pasha	July 1421
date of death	Christina Johansdotter (died 1740) was a Swedish murderer, who killed a child in Stockholm with the sole purpose of being executed.	Christina Johansdotter	1740
date of death	Carl F. Struck (January 27, 1842-1912) was a Norwegian American architect, who designed private residences, civic buildings and commercial structures throughout the Midwest in the latter part of the 19th century.	Carl F. Struck	1912
date of death	Arthur Stanley Hirst, (1883, Hackney - 4 May 1930, Indian Ocean) also known as Stanley Hirst, was an English entomologist on the staff of the British Museum, and was an authority on Arachnida, Myriapoda and Acari.	Arthur Stanley Hirst	4 May 1930
date of death	Benjamin Stanley Young (13 December 1851 -- August 1934) served as Magistrate of the British Overseas Territory of the Pitcairn Islands twice, from 1884 to 1885, and in 1892.	Benjamin Stanley Young	1934
date of death	Louis Nels (16 December 1855 -- 13 November 1910) was a German government official who served as acting Reichskommissar in German South-West Africa in 1890--1891.	Louis Nels	13 November 1910
date of death	Franz Egon of Fürstenberg (10 April 1626, Heiligenberg -- 1 April 1682) was a German count in the Holy Roman Empire.	Franz Egon of Fürstenberg	1 April 1682
date of death	Sadri Ahmeti (3 March 1939 -- 24 June 2010) was an Albanian painter and poet from Vusanje (Vuthaj), Plavë, Gusinje (Guci) of Montenegro.	Sadri Ahmeti	24 June 2010
date of death	John Robin Jenkins OBE (11 September 1912 -- 24 February 2005) was a Scottish writer of thirty published novels, the most celebrated being The Cone Gatherers.	Robin Jenkins	24 February 2005
date of death	Benjamin Ferrers (died 1732) was an English portrait painter.	Benjamin Ferrers	1732
date of death	Qazi Mahbub Hussain (died 2006) is a Bangladeshi writer, the first Bangladesh writer of westerns.	Qazi Mahbub Hussain	2006
date of death	Albert Gaillard (5 September 1858, Neuilly-sur-Seine -- 28 July 1903, Angers) was a French mycologist.	Albert Gaillard	28 July 1903
date of death	Herschel Bullen (November 13, 1870--1966) was a businessman, politician and leader in The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) in Logan, Utah.	Herschel Bullen	1966
date of death	Namgyal Rinpoche, Karma Tenzin Dorje (1931--2003), born Leslie George Dawson in Toronto, Canada, was a Tibetan Buddhist lama in the Karma Kagyu tradition.	Namgyal Rinpoche	2003
date of death	Ottorino Respighi (Italian: (ottoˈriːno resˈpiːɡi); 9 July 1879 -- 18 April 1936) was an Italian composer and musicologist.	Ottorino Respighi	18 April 1936
date of death	Debedeavon (died 1657) was the chief ruler of the Accawmack Indian nation that was inhabiting the Eastern Shore of Virginia upon the first arrival of English colonists in 1608.	Debedeavon	1657
date of death	Henry Scheemakers (died 1748) was a Flemish-born sculptor operational in England in the early 18th century.	Henry Scheemakers	1748
date of death	Mohammed al-Hajj ibn Abu Bakr al-Dila'i (died 1671) was the head of the zaouia of Dila.	Mohammed al-Hajj ibn Abu Bakr al-Dila'i	1671
date of death	Sir John Trevelyan, 4th Baronet (6 February 1735 -- 18 April 1828), was a British politician.	Sir John Trevelyan, 4th Baronet	18 April 1828
date of death	Sylvester Rosa Koehler (11 February 1837 Leipzig - 15 September 1900 Littleton, New Hampshire) was a German-born American author, and the first curator of prints at the Museum of Fine Arts, Boston.	Sylvester Rosa Koehler	15 September 1900
date of death	Professor Bernard John Smith (21 March 1951 -- 31 October 2012) was an English geomorphologist and physical geographer.	Bernard John Smith	31 October 2012
date of death	Gen. Maha Nawrahta (Burmese: မဟာနော်ရထာ, pronounced: (məhà nɔ̀jətʰà), called Mang Maha Noratha by Damrong Rajanubhab; d. March 1767) was joint commander-in-chief of the Royal Burmese Army from 1765 to 1767.	Maha Nawrahta	March 1767
date of death	William Ladd Taylor (1854-1926) was an American illustrator, born at Grafton, Mass. He studied art in Boston and New York, and in Paris under Boulanger and Lefebvre in 1884-85.	William Ladd Taylor	1926
date of death	Johan I of East Frisia (1506--1572) was a member of the house of Cirksena and a non-reigning Count of East Frisia and later imperial governor of Limburg.	Johan I of East Frisia	1572
date of death	Esther Popel (1896--1958; also known as Esther Popel Shaw) was an African-American poet of the Harlem Renaissance and an activist and educator.	Esther Popel	1958
date of death	Tórmóður Sigurðsson (or Tormod Sigurdsson ) (died 1531) was, from 1524 to 1531, First Minister of the Faroe Islands.	Tórmóður Sigurðsson	1531
date of death	Federico Tesio (17 January 1869 -- 22 May 1954) was an Italian and one of the most important breeders of Thoroughbreds in the history of horse racing.	Federico Tesio	22 May 1954
date of death	Eleazar Davidman (also Elazar Davidman, Hebrew: אלעזר דודמן‎; December 9, 1936 -- October 2007) was a Jewish Israeli tennis player.	Eleazar Davidman	2007
date of death	Carleton O'Brien (1903 Providence, Rhode Island-May 1952) was an organized crime figure involved in bookkeeping and policy operations in Rhode Island.	Carleton O'Brien	1952
date of death	Edward V. Ramage (October 2 1908 -- December 1981) was a minister of the Presbyterian Church in the United States in Alabama.	Edward V. Ramage	December 1981
date of death	Robert Shvarc (10 December 1932 -- 25 April 2003) born in Sarajevo of Bosnia, 10 December 1932, is a Hebrew and Albanian, recognized as one of the best translators from German of the 20th century and beginning of new millennium, writer and poet.	Robert Shvarc	2003
date of death	Mikhail Zalessky (Russian: Михаил Дмитриевич Залесский, Mikhail Dmitrievich Zalesskiy; 15 September 1877 -- 22 December 1946) was a Russian paleontologist and paleobotanist.	Mikhail Zalessky	22 December 1946
date of death	Sir Oliver St John (pronounced ``Sinjun'') (c. 1598--31 December 1673), was an English judge and politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1640 to 1653.	Oliver St John	1673
date of death	Gaspare Galliari (1760--1818; some sources give 1761 for the year of birth or 1823 for the year of death) was an Italian painter.	Gaspare Galliari	1818
date of death	Genda Lal Dixit (30 November 1888 - 21 December 1920) was an Indian revolutionary who worked as a schoolteacher at Auraiya in the district of Etawah, United Province, British India.	Genda Lal Dixit	21 December 1920
date of death	Durandus of Troarn (b. about 1012, at Le Neubourg near Evreux; d. 1089, at Troarn near Caen) was a French Benedictine and ecclesiastical writer.	Durandus of Troarn	1089
date of death	Inga-Brita Castrén (1919-2003) was a Finnish theologian who spent ten years abroad working in Geneva for the World Student Christian Federation, the World YWCA, and the World Council of Churches as an ecumenical adviser.	Inga-Brita Castrén	2003
date of death	Máel Muire Ó Lachtáin, was Dean of Tuam from 1230 and then the fourth Archbishop of Tuam from 1235 to 1249.	Máel Muire Ó Lachtáin	1249
date of death	Kidar Nath Sahani (24 October 1926 -- 3 October 2012) was a governor of the Indian states of Sikkim (2001--02) and Goa (2002--04).	Kidar Nath Sahani	3 October 2012
date of death	Victor W. Voorhees (1876--1970) was an American architect most active in Seattle, Washington.	Victor W. Voorhees	1970
date of death	Kullo Must (18 March 1911 -- 10 August 1987) was an Estonian film producer who worked extensively in Estonian language film production of the 1960s and 1970s.	Kullo Must	10 August 1987
date of death	Halvor Bernt Stein Grieg Halvorsen (19 October 1909 -- 11 November 2013) was a Norwegian theatre actor.	Stein Grieg Halvorsen	11 November 2013
date of death	Arthur Francis O'Donel Alexander (1896--1971) was an English amateur astronomer and author.	Arthur Francis O'Donel Alexander	1971
date of death	Joseph Finnemore (1860-1939) was born in Birmingham in 1860 and educated at the Birmingham School of Art and in Antwerp under Michel Marie Charles Verlat.	Joseph Finnemore	1939
date of death	Browne Willis (16 September 1682 -- 5 February 1760) was an antiquary, author, numismatist and politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1705 to 1708.	Browne Willis	5 February 1760
date of death	(John) Cathcart Wason (17 November 1848 -- 19 April 1921), generally known as Cathcart Wason, was a Scottish farmer and politician who served as a Member of Parliament in two countries: first in New Zealand and then in Scotland.	Cathcart Wason	19 April 1921
date of death	William Paget, 4th Baron Paget of Beaudesert (1572 -- 29 August 1629) was an English peer and colonist born in Beaudesert House, Staffordshire, England to Thomas Paget, 3rd Baron Paget and Nazareth Newton.	William Paget, 4th Baron Paget	29 August 1629
date of death	John Louis Nayar (J L Nayar) (Telugu: జాన్ లుయీస్ నాయర్) (1924--2011) was a Physician, singer, freedom fighter and social reformer who served as chairman for CBM High School, Main road, Visakhapatnam.	John Louis Nayar	2011
date of death	Vujadin Boškov (Serbian Cyrillic: Вујадин Бошков; 16 May 1931 -- 27 April 2014) was a Serbian footballer and coach.	Vujadin Boškov	27 April 2014
date of death	Robert Gooch, M.D. (January 1784 -- 16 February 1830) was an English physician.	Robert Gooch	16 February 1830
date of death	Joseph of Freising (died 17 January 764), also known as Joseph of Verona, was Bishop of Freising from 747 or 748 until his death.	Joseph of Freising	764
date of death	Aba I (or, with his Syriac honorific, Mar Aba I) or Mar Abba the Great was the Patriarch of the Church of the East at Seleucia-Ctesiphon from 540 to 552.	Aba I	552
date of death	Francis J. Murnane (1914--1968) was a longshore worker from Portland, Oregon, United States who was called ``the cultural and historical conscience of Portland'' after playing a key or solitary role in preserving several historical monuments in the city.	Francis J. Murnane	1968
date of death	Moses Chayyim Catalan (b. Padua, Italy, d. 1661, Padua) was an Italian poet.	Moses Chayyim Catalan	1661
date of death	Pier Saccone Tarlati di Pietramala (1261--1356) was an Italian condottiero from Pietramala d'Arezzo in the Val d'Arno, a rocca that controlled the mule track between his native town of Arezzo and Anghiari.	Pier Saccone Tarlati di Pietramala	1356
date of death	Oswald Lewis (5 April 1887 -- 12 February 1966) was a British businessman, barrister and politician.	Oswald Lewis	12 February 1966
date of death	Feng Hong (Chinese: 馮弘; died 438), courtesy name Wentong (文通), formally Emperor Zhaocheng of (Northern) Yan ((北)燕昭成帝), was the last emperor of the Chinese state Northern Yan.	Feng Hong	438
date of death	Charles Ritchie Russell, Baron Russell of Killowen PC, (12 January 1908 -- 23 June 1986), was a British judge and law lord.	Charles Ritchie Russell, Baron Russell of Killowen	23 June 1986
date of death	Colonel Ibrahim Taiwo was murdered on 13 February 1976 during a failed coup in which the then Head of State Gen. Murtala Mohammed was also killed.	Ibrahim Taiwo	13 February 1976
date of death	Per Stavem (1 March 1926 -- 24 September 2006) was a Norwegian shot putter and discus thrower.	Per Stavem	24 September 2006
date of death	Barry Rist (22 June 1941 -- 16 May 2007) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Collingwood in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Barry Rist	16 May 2007
date of death	Joseph Berkson (1899 -- 1982) was trained as a physicist (M.A., 1922, Columbia), physician (M.D., 1927, Johns Hopkins), and statistician (Dr.Sc., 1928, Johns Hopkins).	Joseph Berkson	1982
date of death	Irma Christenson (14 January 1915 - 21 February 1993 ) was a Swedish actress notable for her many roles on the Royal Dramatic Theatre in Stockholm, and many films as well.	Irma Christenson	21 February 1993
date of death	Abul-Qasim Babur Mirza bin Baysonqor Beg (Chagatai/Persian: ابوالقاسم بابور میرزا بن بایسنقر بیگ‎‎), was a Timurid ruler in Khurasan (1449--1457).	Abul-Qasim Babur Mirza	1457
date of death	Philip Connard, CVO, RA, (born Southport, 24 March 1875, died Twickenham 8 December 1958) was a British painter.	Philip Connard	8 December 1958
date of death	Olimpia Maidalchini Pamphilj (26 May 1591 -- 27 September 1657), (also spelled Pamphili and known as Donna Olimpia or Olimpia Pamphili), was the sister-in-law of Pope Innocent X (Pamphili).	Olimpia Maidalchini	27 September 1657
date of death	Dorian Corey (circa 1937 -- August 29, 1993), born Frederick Legg, was an American drag queen and performer who was featured in Jennie Livingston's 1990 documentary about the ball culture of New York City, Paris Is Burning.	Dorian Corey	1993
date of death	Dongkuk Ahn (1937-2013), better known as artist name Don Ahn is a South Korean artist resided in New York City.	Don Ahn	2013
date of death	Lu Sidao (Chinese: 盧思道; 531--582) was a Chinese poet of the Sui dynasty.	Lu Sidao	582
date of death	Moses Najara I (or Najjara, c 1508 -- 1581) was a Turkish rabbinical writer, son of Levi Najara, born probably at Safed.	Moses Najara I	1581
date of death	Hajji Incik Muhammad Damsyik (14 March 1929 -- 3 February 2012), better known as HIM Damsyik was an Indonesian dancer and actor.	HIM Damsyik	3 February 2012
date of death	Karel Halíř (1 February 1859 -- 21 December 1909) was a Czech violinist who lived mainly in Germany.	Karel Halíř	21 December 1909
date of death	Marcus Annius Libo (Greek: Μαρκος Αννιος Λιβωνος, died 162) was a Roman who lived in the 2nd century.	Marcus Annius Libo	162
date of death	John Slingsby (born 21 June 1788 at New Windsor, Berkshire; died 2 September 1826 at Cheltenham, Gloucestershire) was an English amateur cricketer.	John Slingsby	2 September 1826
date of death	Inger Nordbø (née Kragh; 27 June 1915 -- 29 November 2004) was a Danish/Norwegian sports swimmer and diver.	Inger Nordbø	29 November 2004
date of death	Tommy Purcell (1921--1949) was an Irish sportsperson.	Tommy Purcell	1949
date of death	Josephine Blatt (née Wohlford) (c.1869 -- September 1, 1923), best known by her stage name Minerva, was a strongwoman.	Josephine Blatt	1923
date of death	Walter T. Foster (1891--1981) was an American entrepreneur, artist, art instructor, writer, editor and publisher.	Walter T. Foster	1981
date of death	Esaias Wechter (1701 -- 17 May 1776) was a Finnish merchant, early industrialist and politician.	Esaias Wechter	17 May 1776
date of death	Elie Susman (sometimes: Elia) (1880-1957) was the founder of Susman Brothers, an African business partnership.	Elie Susman	1957
date of death	Shehzad Tanweer (15 December 1982 -- 7 July 2005) was one of four men who detonated explosives in three trains on the London Underground and one bus in central London during the 7 July 2005 London bombing.	Shehzad Tanweer	7 July 2005
date of death	Davíð Stefánsson (21 January 1895 -- 1 March 1964) from Fagriskógur was a famous Icelandic poet and novelist, best known as a poet of humanity.	Davíð Stefánsson	1 March 1964
date of death	Heinrich Ernst Göring (31 October 1839 -- 7 December 1913) was a German jurist and diplomat who served as colonial governor of German South-West Africa.	Heinrich Ernst Göring	7 December 1913
date of death	Jan Frans Eliaerts (30 December 1761 - 17 May 1848) was a Flemish painter of animals, flowers, and fruit who migrated to France where he was active most of his life.	Jan Frans Eliaerts	17 May 1848
date of death	Marianna Biernacka, née Czokało (1888 -- 13 July 1943) was a Roman Catholic citizen of Poland, and a victim of Nazi Germany in the Second World War.	Marianna Biernacka	13 July 1943
date of death	Anthony John Arkell (29 July 1898 -- 26 February 1980), known as A. J. Arkell, was a British archaeologist and colonial administrator noted for his work in the Sudan and Egypt.	A. J. Arkell	26 February 1980
date of death	Elizabeth Bury (1644--1720) was an English diarist.	Elizabeth Bury	1720
date of death	Hugh Arnold (1872--1915) was born in Wimbledon, the son of a solicitor.	Hugh Arnold	1915
date of death	Mircea Steriade (August 20, 1924 -- April 14, 2006), MD, DSc, was a prominent researcher in systems neuroscience.	Mircea Steriade	2006
date of death	Violet Jacob (1 September 1863 -- 9 September 1946) was a Scottish writer, now known especially for her historical novel Flemington and her poetry, mainly in Scots.	Violet Jacob	9 September 1946
date of death	Milton A. Abernethy (died 1991) was a journalist, magazine editor, business owner, and stockbroker, best known for his time spent editing the literary journal Contempo:	Milton A. Abernethy	1991
date of death	Peter Mohr Dam (11 August 1898 -- 8 November 1968) was a Faroe Islands politician who was one of the founders of the Social Democratic Javnaðarflokkurin party in 1926.	Peter Mohr Dam	8 November 1968
date of death	Bernard Rothman better known as Benny Rothman (1 June 1911 - 23 January 2002) was a UK political activist, most famous for his leading role in the Mass trespass of Kinder Scout in 1932.	Benny Rothman	23 January 2002
date of death	Marie-Félicie des Ursins (Italian: Maria Felice Orsini; 11 November 1600, Pitti Palace, Florence -- 5 June 1666, Moulins-sur-Allier) was the wife of Henri II de Montmorency, governor of Languedoc.	Marie-Félicie des Ursins	1666
date of death	Major General Henry Frederick Lockyer, CB, KH (1797--30 August 1860) was an acting Governor of British Ceylon.	Henry Frederick Lockyer	1860
date of death	Major Woodville Latham (1837--1911) was an ordnance officer of the Confederacy during the American Civil War and professor of chemistry at West Virginia University.	Woodville Latham	1911
date of death	Saint Cassian of Autun (French: Cassien) (died ca. 350 AD) was a 4th-century bishop of Autun.	Cassian of Autun	350
date of death	Lee Harwood (6 June 1939 -- 26 July 2015) was a poet associated with the British Poetry Revival.	Lee Harwood	26 July 2015
date of death	Mary Goble Pay (1843--1913) was an early settler of both Nephi, Utah, and Leamington, Utah.	Mary Goble Pay	1913
date of death	(Arthur) Basil Briscoe (1903 -- 1951) was a British racehorse trainer.	Basil Briscoe	1951
date of death	John Allen Gable (1943--February 2005) was executive director of the Theodore Roosevelt Association from 1974 to his death in 2005.	John Allen Gable	2005
date of death	Antal Ruprecht (1748-1818) was a Hungarian Chemist.	Antal Ruprecht	1818
date of death	Walter Ulbrich (June 15, 1910 -- November 13, 1991) was a German film producer primarily known for writing and/or producing 10 of 16 four-part adventure mini-series made for West German TV in the 1960s and 1970s.	Walter Ulbrich	1991
date of death	Charles Sackville-Germain, 5th Duke of Dorset KG PC (27 August 1767 -- 29 July 1843), known briefly as Charles Sackville before 1770, as The Hon. Charles Germain between 1770 and 1785, and as The Viscount Sackville between 1785 and 1815, was a British peer, courtier and Tory politician.	Charles Sackville-Germain, 5th Duke of Dorset	29 July 1843
date of death	Alexander Iolas or Alexandre Iolas (Greek: Αλέξανδρος Ιόλας; born Κωνσταντίνος Κουτσούδης Constantine Koutsoudis; 25 March 1907 -- 8 June 1987) was a Greek gallerist and collector.	Alexander Iolas	8 June 1987
date of death	Sir William Lane Booker, CMG, FRGS (12 July 1824 -- 19 February 1905) was a British diplomat stationed in the United States.	William Lane Booker	19 February 1905
date of death	Ramesh Prasad Mohapatra (1 October 1939 -- 14 January 1989) was an archaeologist and scholar on Orissan Studies.	Ramesh Prasad Mohapatra	14 January 1989
date of death	Marc Dax (27 December 1770 -- 3 June 1837) was a French neurologist, sometimes credited for discovering the link between neurological damage to the left hemisphere, right-sided hemiplegia, and a loss of the ability to produce speech (aphasia).	Marc Dax	3 June 1837
date of death	Erling Stordahl (1 August 1923 -- 31 October 1994) was a Norwegian farmer and singer.	Erling Stordahl	1994
date of death	Robert Goffin (21 May 1898 -- 27 June 1984) was a Belgian lawyer, author, and poet, credited with writing the first ``serious'' book on jazz, Aux Frontières du Jazz in 1932.	Robert Goffin	27 June 1984
date of death	Marina Lee, also known as Marina Lie (1902 -- December 1976) was a ballerina and Nazi spy during World War II.	Marina Lee	1976
date of death	Isaac Spooner (c.1735--1816) was an English ironmaster, nail manufacturer and banker.	Isaac Spooner	1816
date of death	Choor Singh Sidhu (19 January 1911 -- 31 March 2009), known professionally as Choor Singh, was a judge of the Supreme Court of Singapore and, particularly after his retirement from the bench, a philanthropist and writer of books about Sikhism.	Choor Singh	31 March 2009
date of death	Miroslav Zavidović or Miroslav of Hum (Serbian: Мирослав Завидовић) was a 12th-century Great Prince (Велики Жупан) of Zachlumia from 1162 to 1190, an administrative division (appanage) of the medieval Serbian Principality (Rascia) covering Herzegovina and southern Dalmatia.	Miroslav of Hum	1190
date of death	Heráclides César de Souza Araújo (1886--1962) was a Brazilian scientist known for his research into the control and treatment of leprosy.	Heráclides César de Souza Araújo	1962
date of death	Robert Balfour, 2nd Lord Balfour of Burleigh (died 1663), was a military commander.	Robert Balfour, 2nd Lord Balfour of Burleigh	1663
date of death	Frederick Henry Henshaw (1807-1891) was an artist who produced landscapes, architectural subjects, portraits and figures.	Frederick Henry Henshaw	1891
date of death	Feliciano de la Mota Botello (1769--1830) was an Argentine politician who became governor of Tucumán Province in the years after the May Revolution.	Feliciano de la Mota Botello	1830
date of death	Jacob Lorhard (Latin: Jacobus Lorhardus; 1561 -- 19 May 1609) was a German philosopher and pedagogue based in St. Gallen, Switzerland.	Jacob Lorhard	19 May 1609
date of death	Thomas Edward Trinder CBE (24 March 1909 -- 10 July 1989) known as Tommy Trinder, was an English stage, screen and radio comedian of the pre- and post-war years whose catchphrase was 'You lucky people'.	Tommy Trinder	10 July 1989
date of death	William de Raley (or William de Ralegh or William Raleigh; died 1250) was a medieval judge, administrator and bishop.	William de Raley	1250
date of death	Willy Dols (Sittard, 21 March 1911 -- Schwesing, 5 November 1944) was a Dutch linguist, dialectologist and phonologist.	Willy Dols	5 November 1944
date of death	Franz Xaver Murschhauser (1 July 1663 -- 6 January 1738) was a German composer and theorist.	Franz Xaver Murschhauser	6 January 1738
date of death	Franz Xaver Hohenleiter (also known as Schwarze Veri, Schwarzen-Veere, Schwarzer Vere, Schwarze Vere or in Swabian dialect as Schwaaz Vere, Schwarz Vere or Vere; 1788 -- 20 July 1819) was a notorious German criminal.	Xaver Hohenleiter	20 July 1819
date of death	Jewell James Ebers (November 25, 1921 -- March 1959) was an American electrical engineer who is remembered for the mathematical model of the bipolar junction transistor that he published with John L. Moll in 1954.	Jewell James Ebers	1959
date of death	William Henry Berry (23 March 1870 -- 2 May 1951), always billed as W. H. Berry, was an English comic actor.	W. H. Berry	2 May 1951
date of death	Siegfried Knappe (15 January 1917 -- 1 December 2008) was an officer in the German Army (Heer) during World War II. Towards the end of the war, Knappe was stationed in Berlin, where he gave daily briefings at the Führerbunker.	Siegfried Knappe	1 December 2008
date of death	Darcy Walsh (21 August 1918 -- 27 November 1962) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Darcy Walsh	27 November 1962
date of death	Edward Stephen Massey Poyntz (27 October 1883 -- 26 December 1934) was an English first-class cricketer, who played for Somerset in the early twentieth century.	Massey Poyntz	26 December 1934
date of death	Carolus Souliaert (died 1540?) (also known as: Swillaert, Swillart, Swilliart) was a Dutch composer active in the first half of the 16th century.	Carolus Souliaert	1540
date of death	Dimiter Manolov (Димитър Манолов 20 July 1940 -- Bogota, 25 September 1998) was a Bulgarian conductor.	Dimiter Manolov	25 September 1998
date of death	Alan Furlan (13 April 1920 -- 14 May 1997) was an Italian-American actor.	Alan Furlan	14 May 1997
date of death	Ričardas Vaitkevičius (6 May 1933 -- 3 January 1996) was a Lithuanian rower who specialized in the eights.	Ričardas Vaitkevičius	3 January 1996
date of death	Sean McClory (8 March 1924 -- 10 December 2003) was an Irish actor whose career spanned six decades and included well over 100 films and television series.	Sean McClory	10 December 2003
date of death	Archibald Smith FRS FRSE (10 August 1813, in Greenhead, Glasgow -- 26 December 1872, in London) was a Scottish mathematician and lawyer.	Archibald Smith	26 December 1872
date of death	Arturo Ricci (Florence, 1854-1919) was an Italian painter, mainly of genre costume subjects.	Arturo Ricci	1919
date of death	Nawab Muhammad Yusef Ali Khan Bahadur, KSI, (5 March 1816 -- 21 April 1865) was a Nawab of the princely state of Rampur from 1855 to 1865.	Yusef Ali Khan	21 April 1865
date of death	Norberto Raffo (27 April 1939 -- 16 December 2008) was an Argentine football striker.	Norberto Raffo	16 December 2008
date of death	Fulgenzio Vitman (1728-1806) was an Italian clergyman and botanist.	Fulgenzio Vitman	1806
date of death	Francis Wemyss-Charteris, 9th Earl of Wemyss, 5th Earl of March (14 August 1796 -- 1 January 1883), was a Scottish peer.	Francis Wemyss-Charteris, 9th Earl of Wemyss	1 January 1883
date of death	Charles Strong (26 September 1844 -- 12 February 1942) was a Scottish-born Australian preacher and first minister of the Australian Church.	Charles Strong	12 February 1942
date of death	Edward Earle (16 July 1882 -- 15 December 1972) was a Canadian-American stage, film and television actor.	Edward Earle	15 December 1972
date of death	Abraham Farley (?1712--1791) was a lifelong civil servant, who was appointed deputy chamberlain of the Exchequer in 1736, and soon became involved with the public records at the Chapter House of Westminster Abbey.	Abraham Farley	1791
date of death	Robert Paston, 1st Earl of Yarmouth, FRS (29 May 1631 -- 8 March 1683) was an English scientist and politician who sat in the House of Commons between 1660 and 1673 when he was created Viscount Yarmouth.	Robert Paston, 1st Earl of Yarmouth	8 March 1683
date of death	José Martins Ribeiro Nunes (5 January 1927 -- 26 April 2012), also known as Zé Peixe or Joe Fish, had the profession of guiding ships safely into port.	José Martins Ribeiro Nunes	26 April 2012
date of death	Gareth Walters (27 December 1928 -- 31 May 2012) was a well-established British composer, teacher and producer.	Gareth Walters	31 May 2012
date of death	Huber Matos Benítez (26 November 1918 -- 27 February 2014) was a Cuban military leader, political dissident, activist and writer.	Huber Matos	27 February 2014
date of death	Hans Feibusch (15 August 1898 -- 18 July 1998) was a German painter and sculptor of Jewish heritage who lived and worked in Britain from 1933 until his death.	Hans Feibusch	18 July 1998
date of death	John Hern (also Herne) D.D. (d. 24 April 1707) was a Canon of Windsor from 1690 - 1707	John Hern	24 April 1707
date of death	Roy Patrick (4 December 1935 in Overseal -- 1998) was a professional footballer who played for Derby County, Nottingham Forest, Southampton, Exeter City and Burton Albion.	Roy Patrick	1998
date of death	Dennis Considen (died 1815) was an Irish-born surgeon, best known for his pioneering role in the use of Australian native plants for pharmaceutical use, especially eucalyptus oil, which he used to treat the convicts.	Dennis Considen	1815
date of death	Daniello Porri (died 1566) was an Italian painter of the Renaissance, active in his native Parma as a portrait and historical painter in the early years of the 16th century.	Daniello Porri	1566
date of death	Manola Saavedra (1936 - 25 August 2012) was a Spanish-born Mexican film and television actress, perhaps best known for her role in El bolero de Raquel (1957).	Manola Saavedra	25 August 2012
date of death	Steven R. Kidd (1911, Chicago, Illinois -- 1987), known to friends and students as Joe Kidd, was an American illustrator.	Steven R. Kidd	1987
date of death	Adbhutananda died in the holy city of Varnasi at 12:10 p.m on Saturday, 24 April 1920.	Adbhutananda	24 April 1920
date of death	Lady Vataça Lascaris di Ventimiglia (1268 or c. 1272, in Ventimiglia or Aragon -- 1336 or c. 1336, in Coimbra), also referred as Vatatsa Lascaris, Vataça of Ventimiglia, Dona Betaça, Betaça de Grécia, Vatatsa or Vetacia was an Italian princess of Byzantine Greek origin.	Vataça Lascaris	1336
date of death	Ralph de Gacé († 1051) (a.k.a. Raoul de Gacé) Seigneur de Gacé and other estates in Normandy, was a member of the House of Normandy who played a significant role during the minority of William the Conqueror.	Ralph de Gacé	1051
date of death	Isabella of Brittany (in French Isabelle de Bretagne) (1411 -- c. 1444) was a daughter of John V, Duke of Brittany, and his wife, Joan of Valois.	Isabella of Brittany	1444
date of death	Professor Hema Ellawala died in Sydney, July 2005.	Hema Ellawala	July 2005
date of death	Mullah Abdullah (c. 1855 -- 1 January 1915) was an imam, cameleer and spree killer.	Mullah Abdullah	1 January 1915
date of death	Harold L. Klawans (1937--1998) was an academic neurologist who launched a parallel career as a writer.	Harold L. Klawans	1998
date of death	Owe Jonsson (23 November 1940 -- 29 September 1962) was a Swedish sprinter, ice hockey player and bandy player.	Owe Jonsson	29 September 1962
date of death	Bartholomew Bretherton (1812--1866) was a jockey from Maghull, north of Liverpool who rode many times in the Grand National as an amateur rider, winning the race in 1840 in the colours of Henry Villebois on his horse Jerry.	Bartholomew Bretherton	1866
date of death	Prince Franciszek Ksawery Drucki-Lubecki (English: Francis Xavier Drucki-Lubecki; 4 January 1778--10 May 1846) was an important Polish politician and diplomat of the first half of the 19th century.	Franciszek Ksawery Drucki-Lubecki	10 May 1846
date of death	Heinz Versteeg (24 March 1939 -- 15 October 2009) was a Dutch professional footballer active primarily in Germany.	Heinz Versteeg	15 October 2009
date of death	Charles Brudenell-Bruce, 1st Marquess of Ailesbury, KT (14 February 1773 -- 4 January 1856), styled The Honourable Charles Brudenell-Bruce from birth until 1776, Lord Bruce from 1776 to 1814 and The Earl of Ailesbury from 1814 to 1821, was a British peer and politician.	Charles Brudenell-Bruce, 1st Marquess of Ailesbury	4 January 1856
date of death	Louis Joseph Coralie (1912--1967) was the first Mauritian to be involved in the Mauritian politics.	Louis Joseph Coralie	1967
date of death	Mary A. Conlon (1870--1936) was an American elementary school principal who founded Walton High School as one of the first all-girl schools in New York City.	Mary A. Conlon	1936
date of death	Bos Trevis (1911-1984) was an English footballer who played for West Bromwich Albion.	Bos Trevis	1984
date of death	Mehmet Nadir (b. 1856 -- d. 13 December 1927) was a Turkish mathematician and educator.	Mehmet Nadir	1927
date of death	Ruth Prawer Jhabvala, CBE (7 May 1927 -- 3 April 2013) was a German-born British and American Booker prize-winning novelist, short story writer and two-time Academy Award-winning screenwriter.	Ruth Prawer Jhabvala	3 April 2013
date of death	James Hayday (1796--1872), was a British bookbinder.	James Hayday	1872
date of death	Le Sihui (樂思晦) (died 691) was an official during Wu Zetian's Zhou Dynasty, briefly serving as chancellor.	Le Sihui	691
date of death	Sir Richard Ryves ( 1643-1693 ) was a seventeenth-century Irish judge who served for several years as Recorder of Dublin.	Richard Ryves	1693
date of death	Wolfgang Preiss (27 February 1910 -- 27 November 2002) was a German theatre, film and television actor.	Wolfgang Preiss	27 November 2002
date of death	Mar George Alapatt (11 February 1900 -- 6 November 1973) was the fourth Bishop of Syro-Malabar Catholic Archdiocese of Thrissur, from 1 May 1944 until 4 June 1970, when he retired.	George Alapatt	6 November 1973
date of death	Walter Brookes Spong (1851 - 2 March 1929 ) was an English stage and watercolor painter.	Walter Brookes Spong	2 March 1929
date of death	Anica Černej (3 April 1900, Čadram, Oplotnica -- 3 May 1944, Neubrandenburg) was a Slovene author and poet.	Anica Černej	3 May 1944
date of death	Kenau Simonsdochter Hasselaer (1526--1588) was a wood merchant of Haarlem, who became a legendary folk hero for her fearless defense of the city against the Spanish invaders during the siege of Haarlem in 1573.	Kenau Simonsdochter Hasselaer	1588
date of death	Otto Frederick Nolde (1899--1972) was a human rights pioneer who served as professor of Christian Education and Dean of the Graduate School at the Lutheran Theological Seminary at Philadelphia while emerging as a major player on the world's diplomatic stage during the 1940s, 1950s and 1960s.	Frederick Nolde	1972
date of death	Maria Mitsotáki (Μαρία Μητσοτάκη, 1907-1974) was an Athens socialite, born to a prominent Greek political family.	Maria Mitsotáki	1974
date of death	Theodore Walter Jandrell aka Theo W. Jandrell (19 August 1888 Richmond, Northern Cape - 1968) was a South African teacher, principal of the Volksrust Primary School, educationist, inspector of schools, and prolific Afrikaans poet and folksong writer.	Theo W. Jandrell	1968
date of death	Bertrand Guilladot (died 1742), a French priest and an alleged sorcerer, was among the last people to be executed for witchcraft in France and in Europe.	Bertrand Guilladot	1742
date of death	Isabella de Vesci (died 1334), also Isabella de Beaumont, was a prominent noblewoman allied to Isabella of France during the reign of Edward II of England.	Isabella de Vesci	1334
date of death	Frederick Robson, born Thomas Brownbill (22 February 1821 -- 12 August 1864) was an English comedian, actor and ballad singer.	Frederick Robson	12 August 1864
date of death	Leutnant Walter von Bülow-Bothkamp (alternate spelling Bothcamp) (24 April 1894 -- 6 January 1918), Pour le Merite, Military Order of Saint Henry, Iron Cross was a German fighter ace from an aristocratic family who was credited with 28 victories.	Walter von Bülow-Bothkamp	6 January 1918
date of death	Mary Bruce (c. 1282 -- 1323) was the younger sister of Robert the Bruce, King of Scots.	Mary Bruce	1323
date of death	Francis Egerton, 3rd Duke of Bridgewater (21 May 1736 -- 8 March 1803), known as Lord Francis Egerton until 1748, was a British nobleman from the Egerton family.	Francis Egerton, 3rd Duke of Bridgewater	8 March 1803
date of death	Sir John Houblon (13 March 1632 -- 10 January 1712) was the first Governor of the Bank of England from 1694 to 1697.	John Houblon	10 January 1712
date of death	Simon Brehm (31 December 1921 -- 11 February 1967) was a Swedish double-bass player and, later in life, a record producer and owner of Karusell Records.	Simon Brehm	11 February 1967
date of death	Windsor Utley (1920 - 8 April 1989) was an American musician, artist, teacher and gallery owner, closely associated with the painter Mark Tobey.	Windsor Utley	1989
date of death	Israel Christian (c. 1720--1784) was an 18th-century American pioneer, militia officer, politician and businessman.	Israel Christian	1784
date of death	Arthur Canham (1867--1933) was South Africa's first Trade Commissioner.	Arthur Canham	1933
date of death	Osman Karabegović (7 September 1911 -- 24 June 1996) was a Yugoslav and Bosnian communist politician and a recipient of the Order of the People's Hero.	Osman Karabegović	24 June 1996
date of death	Charles Anderson-Pelham, 1st Earl of Yarborough (8 August 1781 -- 5 September 1846), styled Hon. Charles Anderson-Pelham from 1794 to 1823, was the founder of the Royal Yacht Squadron.	Charles Anderson-Pelham, 1st Earl of Yarborough	5 September 1846
date of death	Lorenz Adlon (German: (ˈaːdlɔn); 29 May 1849 -- 7 April 1921) was a German caterer, gastronomer and hotelier.	Lorenz Adlon	7 April 1921
date of death	John Lutterell (died 1335) was an English medieval philosopher, theologian, and university chancellor.	John Lutterell	1335
date of death	Charles Delafaye (1677 - 11 December 1762) was Member of the Parliament of Ireland for Belturbet from 1715 to 1727 and Chief Secretary to the Earl of Galway and the Duke of Grafton who held joint Governorship.	Charles Delafaye	1762
date of death	Giuseppe Rosetti (17 April 1899 -- 12 June 1965) was an Italian--born Chilean former footballer and manager.	Giuseppe Rosetti	12 June 1965
date of death	Sir Robert de Cornwall (1700 -- 4 April 1756) was a British member of parliament.	Sir Robert de Cornwall	4 April 1756
date of death	Sri Raj Rajeshwar Maharajadhiraja Narendra Maharaja Shiromani Sri Dungar Singh Bahadur (22 August 1854 -- 19 August 1887) was a Maharaja of the princely state of Bikaner from 1872 to 1887.	Dungar Singh	19 August 1887
date of death	The Very Rev Edward Frederick Easson (29 July 1905 -- 11 February 1988) was a Scottish Episcopal Church bishop of the Diocese of Aberdeen and Orkney in Scotland from 1956 to 1972 and Dean of Aberdeen and Orkney from 1953 to 1956.	Frederick Easson	11 February 1988
date of death	Dr. Walter Butler Cheadle (October 1836, Colne, Lancashire -- 22 March 1910, London) was an English paediatrician.	Walter Butler Cheadle	22 March 1910
date of death	Lil Hawthorne (1877--1926) was an American-born British stage beauty, music hall performer and pantomime Principal Boy who was involved in bringing Dr. Crippen to justice.	Lil Hawthorne	1926
date of death	Emil Kellenberger (3 April 1864 - 20 November 1943) was a Swiss sports shooter who competed in the early 20th century in rifle shooting.	Emil Kellenberger	20 November 1943
date of death	Gongyang of Goryeo (9 March 1345 - 17 May 1394, r. 1389 -- 1392) was the 34th and final ruler of the Goryeo dynasty of Korea.	Gongyang of Goryeo	17 May 1394
date of death	Rebecca Jarrett (1846-1928) was a former English prostitute and procuress who, with reformer and newspaper editor William Thomas Stead, fought against child prostitution and white slavery during the late 19th century.	Rebecca Jarrett	1928
date of death	Barbara Kimenye (19 December 1929 -- 12 August 2012), was one of East Africa's most popular and best-selling children's authors.	Barbara Kimenye	12 August 2012
date of death	J. Peters (born Sándor Goldberger; 1894--1990) was the most commonly known pseudonym of a man who last went by the name ``Alexander Stevens'' in 1949.	J. Peters	1990
date of death	Thomas Butterworth Bayley (1744--1802) was an English magistrate, agriculturist and philanthropist.	Thomas Butterworth Bayley	1802
date of death	Jafar Khan was murdered on 23 January 1789 by Ali Murad Khan's son Sayed Murad Khan.	Jafar Khan	23 January 1789
date of death	S. Xavier (1920 - 6 December 2009) was a lawyer, trade union leader and Swatantra party politician from the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.	S. Xavier	6 December 2009
date of death	Hans Hass (23 January 1919 -- 16 June 2013) was an Austrian biologist and diving pioneer.	Hans Hass	16 June 2013
date of death	William Pleydell-Bouverie, 7th Earl of Radnor KG, KCVO (18 December 1895 -- 23 November 1968), was a British peer.	William Pleydell-Bouverie, 7th Earl of Radnor	23 November 1968
date of death	Marie L. Shedlock (1854--1935 ) was an early and influential practitioner of the art of storytelling.	Marie L. Shedlock	1935
date of death	Henri-Jean Martin (16 January 1924 -- 13 January 2007) was a leading authority on the history of the book in Europe, and an expert on the history of writing and printing.	Henri-Jean Martin	13 January 2007
date of death	Ketevan Orbeliani (Georgian: ქეთევან ორბელიანი; died 1750) was a Georgian princess of the Orbeliani family.	Ketevan Orbeliani	1750
date of death	Titus Vinius (12 - 69) was a Roman general who was one of the most powerful men in Rome during the reign of the Emperor Galba.	Titus Vinius	69
date of death	Francesco Tironi (circa 1745-1797) was an Italian painter, active in painting vedute of Venice in a Neoclassical style.	Francesco Tironi	1797
date of death	Salvador Fernández Beltrán D.J.C. (born at Matanzas, Cuba -- 1987 in Venezuela) was among the first in the Americas to receive Wood Badge training, at Gilwell Park, England.	Salvador Fernández Beltrán	1987
date of death	Edgar Phillips (8 October 1889 -- 30 August 1962), known by the bardic name ``Trefin'', was a Welsh poet and served as Archdruid of the National Eisteddfod of Wales from 1960 until his death.	Edgar Phillips	30 August 1962
date of death	Philip de Braose, 2nd Lord of Bramber (c. 1070 -- c. 1134) was an Anglo-Norman nobleman and Marcher Lord.	Philip de Braose	1134
date of death	Ørnulf Egge (26 May 1910 -- 31 July 1978) was a Norwegian politician for the Workers' Youth League and Communist Party and resistance member during World War II.	Ørnulf Egge	31 July 1978
date of death	Xavier Mabille (1933 -- 24 December 2012) was a Belgian historian and political scientist.	Xavier Mabille	24 December 2012
date of death	Michael O'Gara (died 1748) was an Irish clergyman who served as the Roman Catholic Archbishop of Tuam from 1740 to 1748.	Michael O'Gara	1748
date of death	Nigrinian died in infancy in late 284 or early 285.	Nigrinian	284
date of death	Staka Skenderova (c. 1830 -- 26 May 1891) was a Bosnian teacher, social worker, writer and folklorist.	Staka Skenderova	26 May 1891
date of death	Salome Alexandra or Alexandra of Jerusalem (141--67 BCE), (Hebrew: שְׁלוֹמְצִיּוֹן אלכסנדרה, Shelomtzion or Shlom Tzion) was one of only two women to rule over Judea (the other being Athaliah).	Salome Alexandra	67 BCE
date of death	Faustina Hasse Hodges (7 August 1823 -- 4 February 1895) was an English-American organist and composer.	Faustina Hasse Hodges	4 February 1895
date of death	Ruth Gikow (January 6, 1915 Ukraine - 1982 New York City) was an American visual artist who was primarily known for her work as a painter.	Ruth Gikow	1982
date of death	John Cooke Bourne (September 1, 1814 -- February 1896) was a British artist, engraver and photographer, best known for his lithographs showing the construction of the London and Birmingham Railway and the Great Western Railway.	John Cooke Bourne	February 1896
date of death	Sir Geoffrey Palmer, 1st Baronet, SL (1598 -- 5 May 1670) was an English lawyer and politician.	Sir Geoffrey Palmer, 1st Baronet	5 May 1670
date of death	Joseph Cunnane D.D. (5 October 1913 - 8 March 2001) was an Irish Roman Catholic Church clergyman who served as the Archbishop of Tuam from 1969 to 1987.	Joseph Cunnane	8 March 2001
date of death	Li Keju (李可舉) (died 885) was a warlord late in the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty, who controlled Lulong Circuit (盧龍, headquartered in modern Beijing) from 876 to 885.	Li Keju	885
date of death	Devon John Landau (1960--2007) was a Canadian-born Australian who had a diverse career in producing, writing and directing short films, as an accomplished artist and sculptor and working in the financial services industry as a client manager and project manager.	Devon John Landau	2007
date of death	Weyn Ockers, or Adriaen Ockersdochter (died 22 June 1568 in Amsterdam), was a Dutch Protestant iconoclastic.	Weyn Ockers	22 June 1568
date of death	Włodzimierz Dąbrowski (11 August 1892 in Cieszyn -- 1942 in Auschwitz) was a Polish lawyer and political activist in Silesia.	Włodzimierz Dąbrowski	1942
date of death	Richard Cresheld (died 1652) was an English judge and politician who sat in the House of Commons variously between 1624 and 1648.	Richard Cresheld	1652
date of death	Carlos Vinicio Gómez Ruiz (23 October 1961 -- 27 June 2008) was a Guatemalan politician; at the time of his death, aged 48, he was serving as the country's interior minister (ministro de gobernación).	Vinicio Gómez	27 June 2008
date of death	John Thrupp (1817--1870) was an English lawyer and historical writer.	John Thrupp	1870
date of death	Tamanoumi Daitarō, real name Tomohiro Miura, (2 January 1923 - 27 September 1987) was a sumo wrestler from Ōita, Japan.	Tamanoumi Daitarō	27 September 1987
date of death	Caroline Clive, sometimes known as Caroline Wigley Clive (24 June 1801 -- 13 July 1872) was an English writer born Caroline Meysey-Wigley in Brompton Grove, London to Edmund Meysey-Wigley of Shakenhurst, Worcestershire and Anna Marie Meysey.	Caroline Clive	13 July 1872
date of death	Sister Vincenza Taffarel (died 1984) was the Catholic nun who found the body of Pope John Paul I. She was brought in as his housekeeper in one of his very first papal acts, and was the first to find him dead.	Sister Vincenza Taffarel	1984
date of death	Từ Đạo Hạnh (徐道行, 1072-1116) also thánh Láng, was a Vietnamese monk who lived at the Thay Pagoda near modern Hanoi.	Từ Đạo Hạnh	1116
date of death	Deborah Fisher Wharton (1795 -- 1888) was an American Quaker minister, suffragist, social reformer and proponent of women's rights, and the mother of industrialist Joseph Wharton.	Deborah Fisher Wharton	1888
date of death	Antonio del Giudice (1657--1733), duke of Giovinazzo, prince of Cellamare, was a Spanish nobleman and diplomat.	Antonio del Giudice	1733
date of death	Mahmud Baksi (Mahmûd Baksî), (16 September 1944 -- 19 December 2000), was a Kurdish writer and journalist.	Mahmud Baksi	19 December 2000
date of death	Langdon Smith (4 January 1858 -- 8 April 1908) was an American journalist and celebrated ``one-poem poet''.	Langdon Smith	8 April 1908
date of death	Shahzada Mirza Ulugh Tahir Bahadur (1830-- 13 October 1857) also known as Mirza Mendhi Sahib was a son of Mughal emperor Bahadur Shah II and Karim un-nisa Khanum.	Mirza Ulugh Tahir	13 October 1857
date of death	Robert James Mackintosh (1806-1864), son of Sir James Mackintosh and his second wife, was a British colonial governor.	Robert James Mackintosh	1864
date of death	Colonel Bertram Stuart Trevelyan Archer GC OBE ERD FRIBA (3 February 1915 -- 2 May 2015), known as Stuart Archer, was a recipient of the George Cross, the highest British and Commonwealth award for gallantry not in the face of the enemy.	Stuart Archer	2 May 2015
date of death	Tio-van-du-ah (died 1863), who was often called Chief Snag, was a Lemhi Shoshone Chief in what is today known as the Lemhi Valley of Idaho.	Tio-van-du-ah	1863
date of death	Edward S. Shaw (c.1854 -- 3 October 1919) was a prominent civil engineer who lived in Cambridge, Massachusetts.	Edward S. Shaw	3 October 1919
date of death	Gilbert Kymer (died 1463) was Dean of Salisbury Cathedral, Chancellor of Oxford University, and a physician.	Gilbert Kymer	1463
date of death	Moshe Bromberg (Moshe Bar-Am) (1920-1982) was a Polish-Israeli-Canadian artist.	Moshe Bromberg	1982
date of death	Bob Hirst (12 October 1941 -- 25 July 2008) was an Australian rules footballer who played with North Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Bob Hirst	25 July 2008
date of death	Vern Wright (2 June 1900 -- 17 April 1978) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Vern Wright	17 April 1978
date of death	Owen Hood Phillips (1907 - 1986) was Barber Professor of Jurisprudence in the University of Birmingham and Dean of the Faculty of Law, Vice-Principal and Pro-Vice-Chancellor of that university.	Owen Hood Phillips	1986
date of death	Yu Shinan (558--638), courtesy name Boshi, posthumously known as Duke Wenyi of Yongxing, was a Chinese official, litterateur, Confucian scholar and calligrapher who lived in the early Tang dynasty and rose to prominence during the reign of Emperor Taizong.	Yu Shinan	638
date of death	Zeynalabdin Shirvani (Azeri: Zeynalabdin Şirvani) (16 August 1780, Shamakhy--1838, near Jeddah), also known as Tamkin, was an Azerbaijani geographer, philosopher and poet.	Zeynalabdin Shirvani	1838
date of death	Darine Stern (November 16, 1947 -- February 5, 1994) was an American model and the first African-American model featured on the cover of Playboy magazine by herself.	Darine Stern	1994
date of death	Claudia Cassidy (1899--1996), born in Shawneetown, Illinois, was a music, dance, and drama critic in Chicago.	Claudia Cassidy	1996
date of death	Dr. Achille Rivolta (1908 - 30 May 1992) was a philatelist who signed the Roll of Distinguished Philatelists at Buxton in 1968.	Achille Rivolta	30 May 1992
date of death	Eminent Kathak danseuse Sitara Devi died in Mumbai on 25 November 2014 after prolonged illness, She was 94.	Sitara Devi	25 November 2014
date of death	Marquis Ferdinando Bartolommei (1821--1869) was an Italian revolutionist and statesman who played an important part in the political events of Tuscany from 1848 to 1860.	Ferdinando Bartolommei	1869
date of death	Gerrit Willem Dijsselhof (1866 -- 1924), was a Dutch painter involved in the arts and crafts movement.	Gerrit Willem Dijsselhof	1924
date of death	Sunder Singh Lyallpuri (Punjabi: ਸੁੰਦਰ ਸਿੰਘ ਲਾਇਲਪੁਰੀ; 1878 - 3 March 1969) was a leading Sikh member of the Indian independence movement, a general of Akali Movement, an educationist, and journalist.	Sunder Singh Lyallpuri	3 March 1969
date of death	Ryūzōji Tanehide (1524--1548) was a retainer of the Japanese Shōni clan during the Sengoku Period of the 16th century.	Ryūzōji Tanehide	1548
date of death	Jimmy Nah (13 April 1967 -- 4 January 2008), better known by his nickname ``MC King'', was a Singaporean comedian and actor known for his many roles in the comedy variety show Comedy Nite (搞笑行动) and other J Team Productions.	Jimmy Nah	4 January 2008
date of death	Alexander Bain (12 October 1810 -- 2 January 1877) was a Scottish inventor and engineer who was first to invent and patent the electric clock.	Alexander Bain	2 January 1877
date of death	Bill Carey (1916-2004) was an American songwriter, actor, singer and author.	Bill Carey	2004
date of death	Lucius B. Packard (died 1914) was an American wheelwright, cabinetmaker and automobile pioneer early in the Brass car era.	Lucius B. Packard	1914
date of death	Al-Mahdi Ibrahim (died June/July 1284) was an imam of the Zaidi state in Yemen whose imamate lasted from 1272 to 1276.	Al-Mahdi Ibrahim	1284
date of death	Abel Grimmer (family name variations: 'Grimer' and 'Grimmaert') (c. 1570--c. 1620) was a Flemish late Renaissance painter, mainly of landscapes and, to a lesser extent, of architectural paintings.	Abel Grimmer	1620
date of death	Margaret Watkins (1884--1969) was a Canadian photographer who is remembered for her innovative contributions to advertising photography.	Margaret Watkins	1969
date of death	Erling Tambs (May 25, 1888 - 1967) was a Norwegian writer and sailor.	Erling Tambs	1967
date of death	Johann Christian Ruberg (baptized 4 September 1746 -- 5 September 1807) was a German inventor and a pioneer in metallurgy.	Johann Christian Ruberg	5 September 1807
date of death	Karel Čurda (10 October 1911 -- 29 April 1947) was an active Czech nazi collaborator of the World War II. Soldier from the Czechoslovak army in exile, he was parachuted into the protectorate in 1942 as a member of the sabotage group Out Distance.	Karel Čurda	29 April 1947
date of death	Pompiliu Eliade (April 13, 1869 -- May 24, 1914) was a Romanian literary critic and historian.	Pompiliu Eliade	1914
date of death	Joseph Franz Weigl (19 May 1740 - 25 January 1820) was a Bavarian and Austrian cellist.	Joseph Franz Weigl	25 January 1820
date of death	Rao Sahib Ganpatrao Narayanrao Madiman (20 May 1879 -- 10 May 1947) was a noted businessman, banker and cotton yarn and cloth Merchant from Hubli in erstwhile Bombay Presidency of British India.	Ganpatrao Narayanrao Madiman	10 May 1947
date of death	Zhang Zhu (Chinese: 張翥; pinyin: Zhāng Zhù; 1287--1368), courtesy name Zhongju (仲舉), was a Yuan Dynasty poet.	Zhang Zhu	1368
date of death	Filocalo Navigajoso (died 1214) was a Venetian (or possibly of mixed Greek and Venetian descent) nobleman and first Latin ruler of the island of Lemnos (known as Stalimene in Italian) in Greece.	Filocalo Navigajoso	1214
date of death	Alexander Melville Bell (1 March 1819 -- 7 August 1905) was a teacher and researcher of physiological phonetics and was the author of numerous works on orthoepy and elocution.	Alexander Melville Bell	7 August 1905
date of death	Li Jiqian (Chinese: 李繼遷) (963--1004), occasionally also known by his Song-bestowed name of Zhao Baoji (趙保吉), resisted the Song empire and organized a rebellion in 984.	Li Jiqian	1004
date of death	Osman Cleander Baker (30 July 1812 -- 20 December 1871) was an American biblical scholar and Bishop of the Methodist Episcopal Church.	Osman Cleander Baker	20 December 1871
date of death	Philip Sherard, 2nd Earl of Harborough (1680 -- 20 July 1750) was a British peer.	Philip Sherard, 2nd Earl of Harborough	20 July 1750
date of death	Richard Badew (died 1361) was a Vice Chancellor and Chancellor of the University of Cambridge in the 14th century.	Richard Badew	1361
date of death	Noel Nutels (1913-1973) was a Brazilian physician who dedicated his life to the well-being of Brazilian Amerindians.	Noel Nutels	1973
date of death	Henry Hannington (born 1797 in Hanwell, Middlesex; died 4 October 1870 in South Kensington, London) was an English first-class cricketer associated with Cambridge University who was active in the 1820s.	Henry Hannington	4 October 1870
date of death	Griffith Davies (1788--1855) was a noted actuary.	Griffith Davies	1855
date of death	Samarendra Nath Roy or S. N. Roy (Bengali: সমরেন্দ্র নাথ রায়; 11 December 1906 -- 23 July 1964) was an Indian-born American mathematician and an applied statistician.	Samarendra Nath Roy	23 July 1964
date of death	Brigadier Ronald Gervase Mountain DSO MC (16 January 1897 -- 1983) was an officer in the British Indian Army during World War I and World War II.	Ronald Gervase Mountain	1983
date of death	Lady Rai (c. 1570/1560 -- 1530 BCE) was an ancient Egyptian woman of the early 18th Dynasty who served as nursemaid to Queen Ahmose-Nefertari (1562-1495 BCE).	Lady Rai	1530 BCE
date of death	Nikola Spanić (Latinized as Nicolaus Spanich, 1633--1707) was a Roman Catholic prelate of and nobleman of Korčula (an island in modern Croatia).	Nikola Spanić	1707
date of death	Sally Hughes-Schrader (1895--1984) was a professor of zoology at Duke University, 1962-1966.	Sally Hughes-Schrader	1984
date of death	Perry Hunt Wheeler (5 October 1913 - 1989) was an American landscape architect who is primarily known for several garden projects in Washington, D.C., including the White House Rose Garden.	Perry Hunt Wheeler	1989
date of death	Henry Christmas (1811 -- March 10, 1868), at the end of his life going by the surname Noel-Fearn, was an English clergyman, a man of letters and editor of periodicals, known also as a numismatist.	Henry Christmas	1868
date of death	Okan Demiriş (9 February 1942, Istanbul -- 18 June 2010) was a Turkish composer.	Okan Demiriş	18 June 2010
date of death	'Ostad (``Master'') Mahmoud Zoufonoun' (Persian: محمود ذوالفنون, sometimes pronounced ``Zolfonoon'' or ``Zolfonun'' in Persian, 1 January 1920 -- 19 October 2013) was an accomplished musician in the art of Persian traditional music.	Mahmoud Zoufonoun	19 October 2013
date of death	George Pepperdine (1886-1962) was an entrepreneur and Christian philanthropist who was the founder of Pepperdine University in California.	George Pepperdine	1962
date of death	Susanna Rowson, née Haswell (1762 -- 2 March 1824) was a British-American novelist, poet, playwright, religious writer, stage actress, and educator.	Susanna Rowson	2 March 1824
date of death	Aemilianus (Latin: Marcus Aemilius Aemilianus Augustus; c. 207/213 -- 253), also known as Aemilian, was Roman Emperor for three months in 253.	Aemilianus	253
date of death	Abu l-Hattar al Husam ibn Darar al-Kalbi (Arabic: أبو الخطار الحسام بن ضرار الكلبي‎) was Umayyad governor of Al Andalus from May 743 until August 745.	Abu l-Hattar al Husam ibn Darar al-Kalbi	745
date of death	Edward John Eyre (5 August 1815 -- 30 November 1901) was an English land explorer of the Australian continent, colonial administrator, and a controversial Governor of Jamaica.	Edward John Eyre	30 November 1901
date of death	John Crichton-Stuart, 6th Marquess of Bute, KBE (27 February 1933 -- 22 July 1993) was a Scottish peer, benefactor and patron of the arts.	John Crichton-Stuart, 6th Marquess of Bute	22 July 1993
date of death	Jørn Jensen (1925--2007), one of the earliest Danish programmers.	Jørn Jensen	2007
date of death	Thomas Guthrie Marquis (1864--1936) was a Canadian author, born at Chatham, New Brunswick, and educated at Queen's University, Kingston, where he graduated in 1889.	Thomas Guthrie Marquis	1936
date of death	Ernest Bevin (9 March 1881 -- 14 April 1951) was a British statesman, trade union leader, and Labour politician.	Ernest Bevin	14 April 1951
date of death	Anne Hungerford (née Dormer; 1525--1603) was an English courtier during the reign of Queen Mary I, and poet.	Anne Hungerford	1603
date of death	Owen Aldis (1926--2001) was a behavioural psychologist.	Owen Aldis	2001
date of death	Khwaja Ahsanullah died on 16 December 1901 of heart failure.	Khwaja Ahsanullah	16 December 1901
date of death	Walter S. White (1917--2002) was an American modernist architect and industrial designer who worked in the Coachella Valley, CA in the 1950s and the Colorado Springs, CO area in the 1960s.	Walter S. White	2002
date of death	Conrad Victor Ankarcrona (1823--1912) was a Grand Master of the Court of the King of Sweden.	Conrad Victor Ankarcrona	1912
date of death	William Henry Ogilvie (21 August 1869 -- 30 January 1963) was a Scottish-Australian narrative poet and horseman.	William Henry Ogilvie	30 January 1963
date of death	Sigvald Skavlan (27 December 1839 -- 4 November 1912) was a Norwegian priest, psalmist and educator.	Sigvald Skavlan	4 November 1912
date of death	Air Commodore Shirantha Goonatilake RWP, RSP, SLAF (? - 29 April 1995 †) was Sri Lankan aviator and most senior Air Force officer to be killed in action.	Shirantha Goonatilake	29 April 1995
date of death	Marie-Thérèse Levasseur (21 September 1721 - 17 July 1801; also known as Thérèse Le Vasseur and Thérèse Lavasseur) was the domestic partner of Genevan philosopher Jean-Jacques Rousseau.	Thérèse Levasseur	17 July 1801
date of death	Alastair Robin McGlashan (died 19 June 2012) was a British born Anglican priest, Tamil scholar and a Jungian analyst.	Alastair Robin McGlashan	19 June 2012
date of death	Rao Tula Ram (c. 9 December 1825 -- 23 September 1863) was one of the key leaders of the Indian rebellion of 1857, in Haryana, where he is considered a state hero.	Rao Tula Ram	23 September 1863
date of death	Josef Johann Mann (19 May 1804 -- 20 March 1889), or Johann Josef Ritter von Mann, was a German Bohemian entomologist and a specialist in Lepidoptera.	Josef Johann Mann	20 March 1889
date of death	Colonel Sir Donald Hamish Cameron of Lochiel KT CVO TD JP (12 September 1910 -- 26 May 2004) was the 26th Chief of Clan Cameron, a Scottish landowner and a financier.	Donald Hamish Cameron of Lochiel	26 May 2004
date of death	James Lundie (20 April 1857 -- 1942) was a Scottish footballer who played as a right back.	James Lundie	1942
date of death	Lieutenant-Colonel John Hall-Dalwood CBE (1868--1954) was a British soldier and police officer who served as Chief Constable of Sheffield City Police.	John Hall-Dalwood	1954
date of death	Zhu Qianzhi (simplified Chinese: 朱谦之; traditional Chinese: 朱謙之; pinyin: Zhū Qiānzhī; Wade--Giles: Chu Ch'ien-chih, 1899--1972) was a Chinese intellectual, translator and historian.	Zhu Qianzhi	1972
date of death	Walter Avarelli (3 June 1912 -- 1987) was an Italian bridge player, a member of the famous Blue Team, with whom he won nine Bermuda Bowls and three World Team Olympiads from 1956 to 1972.	Walter Avarelli	1987
date of death	Şehzade Sultan (Ottoman Turkish: شاهزاده سلطان‎, ca. 1500 - 10 July 1538, other names Hanım, Hatun, Sultanzade, Şehzade) was an Ottoman princess, the daughter of Ottoman Sultan Selim I (reign 1512-20).	Şehzade Sultan	10 July 1538
date of death	John Waterson (died 10 February 1656) was a London publisher and bookseller of the Jacobean and Caroline eras; he published significant works in English Renaissance drama, including plays by William Shakespeare, John Fletcher, John Webster, and Philip Massinger.	John Waterson	10 February 1656
date of death	Hendrick Andriessen (1607--1655) was a Flemish Baroque still-life painter.	Hendrick Andriessen	1655
date of death	Gao Xie (Chinese: 高燮; pinyin: Gāo Xiè; Wade--Giles: Kao Hsieh; 1877--1958), was a notable Chinese scholar, calligraphist, traditional painter, publisher, poet, writer, and book collector.	Gao Xie	1958
date of death	Gabriel Béchir (24 October 1927 -- 18 December 2001) was a set decorator.	Gabriel Béchir	18 December 2001
date of death	John Henry Jacobs (April 18, 1847 -- 1934) was a pioneer of the sandstone industry in the Upper Peninsula of Michigan, particularly of Jacobsville Sandstone.	John Henry Jacobs	1934
date of death	Henry Hawkins, 1st Baron Brampton PC, QC (14 September 1817 -- 6 October 1907), known as Sir Henry Hawkins between 1876 and 1899, was an English judge.	Henry Hawkins, 1st Baron Brampton	6 October 1907
date of death	Yagi Basti (d. c. 1344) was a member of the Chobanid family and the ruler of Shiraz for a part of 1343.	Yagi Basti	1344
date of death	Enoch Bartlett (1779--1860) was a merchant and farmer from Dorchester, Massachusetts, who owned what had been Thomas Brewer's farm in Roxbury.	Enoch Bartlett	1860
date of death	Father Julio Meinvielle (31 August 1905 - 2 August 1973) was an Argentine priest and prolific writer.	Julio Meinvielle	2 August 1973
date of death	Léon Gard (12 July 1901 - 12 November 1979) was a French painter and art critic.	Léon Gard	12 November 1979
date of death	Geng Wu (died 191), courtesy name Wenwei (文威), was the Chief Clerk (長史) to the warlord Han Fu in the late Eastern Han Dynasty.	Geng Wu	191
date of death	Julia McMordie, CBE (1860--1942) was an Ulster Unionist Party politician.	Julia McMordie	1942
date of death	Arne Svendsen (11 December 1884 -- 20 November 1958) was a Norwegian songwriter and revue writer.	Arne Svendsen	20 November 1958
date of death	Mary Ann Kelty (1789 -- 8 January 1873) was a British religious writer.	Mary Ann Kelty	1873
date of death	Adam Moleyns (or Adam Molyens, Adam Molens, Adam Molins, Adam Molyneaux, Adam Molyneux, Adam de Moleyns; died 9 January 1450) was an English bishop, lawyer, royal administrator and diplomat.	Adam Moleyns	9 January 1450
date of death	Yagan (/ˈjeɪɡən/; c. 1795 -- 11 July 1833) was an Indigenous Australian warrior from the Noongar people.	Yagan	11 July 1833
date of death	Johannes Block (17 November 1894 -- 26 January 1945) was a highly decorated General der Infanterie in the Wehrmacht during World War II who held commands at division and corps level.	Johannes Block	26 January 1945
date of death	Sir Philip Musgrave, 2nd Baronet (21 May 1607 -- 7 February 1678) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons of England from 1640 to 1643 and from 1661 to 1678.	Sir Philip Musgrave, 2nd Baronet	7 February 1678
date of death	William Huntington Russell (12 August 1809 -- 19 May 1885) was an American businessman, educator, and politician.	William Huntington Russell	19 May 1885
date of death	Latronianus (or Latronian) (died 385) was a poet and scholar of Hispania (Roman Spain) who was associated with Priscillianism.	Latronianus	385
date of death	Jean de Monluc (died 1579) was a French noble and clergyman, the brother of Blaise de Lasseran-Massencôme, seigneur de Montluc and a member of the Monluc family.	Jean de Monluc	1579
date of death	Alfonso Martínez de Toledo (ca. 1398 -- ca. 1470), known as the Archpriest of Talavera (Arcipreste de Talavera), was a Castilian poet and writer.	Alfonso Martínez de Toledo	1470
date of death	Justin W. Brierly (1905--1985) was an American educator and lawyer.	Justin W. Brierly	1985
date of death	Masjchun Sofwan (7 September 1927 -- 3 October 2015) was the governor of the city of Jambi from 1979 to 1989.	Masjchun Sofwan	3 October 2015
date of death	Fermo Camellini (7 December 1914 -- 27 August 2010) was an Italian-French road bicycle racer who became a naturalized French citizen on 8 October 1948.	Fermo Camellini	27 August 2010
date of death	Florence Kate Upton (22 February 1873 -- 16 October 1922) was an American-born English cartoonist and author most famous for her Golliwogg series of children's books.	Florence Kate Upton	16 October 1922
date of death	Brian Poyser (died 2009) was an English actor whose career started in the early 1960s.	Brian Poyser	2009
date of death	Elisabeth Vellacott (28 January 1905 -- 21 May 2002) was an English painter working on figures and narrative landscapes.	Elisabeth Vellacott	21 May 2002
date of death	Sid Borgia (January 10, 1917 -- January 25, 1999) was an American professional basketball referee in the National Basketball Association (NBA) from 1946 to 1964 and later was the league's supervisor of officials from 1964 to 1966.	Sid Borgia	1999
date of death	Warda al-Yaziji (1838-1924) was a Lebanese Christian poet who rose to prominence in the early twentieth century, and is considered a pioneer for opening up the field of writing to women.	Warda al-Yaziji	1924
date of death	Samuel Boyce (died 1775), was an English engraver and poet.	Samuel Boyce	1775
date of death	Mary A. Ryan (1940--2006) was a retired United States career diplomat who served as United States Ambassador to Swaziland from 1988 to 1990 and as Assistant Secretary of State for Consular Affairs from 1993 to 2002.	Mary A. Ryan	2006
date of death	Robert Henry Newell (December 13, 1836-- July 1901) was a popular 19th century American humorist.	Robert Henry Newell	July 1901
date of death	Jean Baptiste Brunet (7 July 1763 -- 21 September 1824) was a French general of division in the French Revolutionary Army.	Jean Baptiste Brunet	21 September 1824
date of death	John Sugar or Suker (born at Wombourn, Staffordshire, 1558; executed at Warwick, 16 July 1604) was an English Roman Catholic priest.	John Sugar	1604
date of death	George Sigerson (11 January 1836 -- 17 February 1925) was an Irish physician, scientist, writer, politician and poet.	George Sigerson	17 February 1925
date of death	Robin Ray (17 September 1934 -- 29 November 1998) was an English broadcaster, actor, and musician.	Robin Ray	29 November 1998
date of death	Eva Buhrich died in March 1976 after suffering from cancer.	Eva Buhrich	March 1976
date of death	Cú Chonnacht Ó Cianáin, d. 1615, was a rymer or chronicler to Rory Maguire.	Cú Chonnacht Ó Cianáin	1615
date of death	Sir Lambert Wilfred Alexander de Soysa also known as Sir Wilfred de Soysa (20 Feb 1884 - 3 May 1968) was a Ceylonese planter, businessman and philanthropist.	Wilfred de Soysa	3 May 1968
date of death	Andrzej Pawłowski (20 July 1925 in Wadowice - 16 February 1986 in Kraków) was a Polish avant-garde painter, sculptor, photographer, and experimental filmmaker.	Andrzej Pawłowski	16 February 1986
date of death	Sir Frederick Lloyd Dumas (15 July 1891 -- 24 June 1973), generally known as ``Lloyd Dumas'' or ``F. Lloyd Dumas'', was a journalist and politically influential newspaperman in Victoria and South Australia.	Lloyd Dumas	24 June 1973
date of death	George Coffey (1857--1916) was a scholar of Irish history and cultural revivalist.	George Coffey	1916
date of death	Hal Hanton (25 May 1922 -- 14 September 2011) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Hal Hanton	September 2011
date of death	John Amadio (15 November 1883 -- 4 April 1964) was an Australian flute player who performed with orchestras around the world and made a career as an international soloist and operatic accompanist.	John Amadio	4 April 1964
date of death	Louban (died 207) was a ruler of the Wuhuan tribe during the late Han Dynasty period of Chinese history.	Louban	207
date of death	Frederick Nettlefold (6 April 1833 -- 1 March 1913) was a British industrialist, one of the Nettlefolds in Guest, Keen and Nettlefolds.	Frederick Nettlefold	1913
date of death	Geraint Owen (born 1966 ~ died 11 July 2009) was a Welsh actor and politician.	Geraint Owen	11 July 2009
date of death	Thodoros Kefalopoulos (Greek: Θόδωρος Κεφαλόπουλος; 1894--1987) was a Greek actor.	Thodoros Kefalopoulos	1987
date of death	Jacob Steinberg (1887--1947) was a major Ukrainian-born Israeli poet.	Jacob Steinberg	1947
date of death	James Ogilvy, 6th Earl of Findlater (c. 1714 -- 3 November 1770) was a Scottish earl.	James Ogilvy, 6th Earl of Findlater	3 November 1770
date of death	Chandrakant Patil (1 July 1921 - 16 October 1985) was 7th Lok Sabha member from Hingolias Janata Party Candidate.	Chandrakant Patil	16 October 1985
date of death	Eric Delaney (22 May 1924 -- 14 July 2011) was an English drummer and bandleader, popular in the 1950s and early 1960s.	Eric Delaney	14 July 2011
date of death	Guillaume Baudry (2 October 1657 -- 1732) was a gunsmith and gold and silversmith in Lower Canada.	Guillaume Baudry	1732
date of death	Rudolf Keyser (1 January 1803 - 9 October 1864) was a Norwegian historian, archaeologist and educator.	Rudolf Keyser	9 October 1864
date of death	Nicholas Sheran (1841--1882) was an entrepreneur born in New York City.	Nicholas Sheran	1882
date of death	Maurice Archambault, P.C.S., Q.C. (5 April 1914 -- 9 June 2002) was a Canadian lawyer and judge.	Maurice Archambault	9 June 2002
date of death	Per Jacobsson (5 February 1894 -- 5 May 1963) was a Swedish economist, and managing director of the International Monetary Fund from 21 November 1956 until his death in 1963.	Per Jacobsson	5 May 1963
date of death	Jimmy Gold (born Jimmy McGonigal 21 April 1886 -- 7 October 1967) was a Scottish comedian and part of the music hall act of Naughton and Gold.	Jimmy Gold	7 October 1967
date of death	Launceston Elliot (9 June 1874 -- 8 August 1930) was a Scottish weightlifter, and the first British Olympic champion.	Launceston Elliot	8 August 1930
date of death	David Everett (29 March 1770 -- 21 December 1813) was an American newspaper editor, proprietor, and poet.	David Everett	1813
date of death	Brownlow Cust, 1st Baron Brownlow FRS (3 December 1744 -- 25 December 1808), known as Sir Brownlow Cust, 4th Baronet, from 1770 to 1776, was a British Tory Member of Parliament.	Brownlow Cust, 1st Baron Brownlow	25 December 1808
date of death	Norm McLennan (17 February 1887 -- 21 March 1909) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Fitzroy in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Norm McLennan	21 March 1909
date of death	Arthur Cummins (19 August 1876 - 5 December 1911) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Arthur Cummins	5 December 1911
date of death	Sir William Pynsent or Pinsent, 1st Baronet (1642--1719), of Urchfont, Wiltshire, was an English politician.	William Pynsent	1719
date of death	Vaman Shivram Apte (1858--9 August 1892) was an Indian lexicographer and a professor of Sanskrit at Pune's Fergusson College.	Vaman Shivram Apte	9 August 1892
date of death	Pedro Mariño de Lobera (1528--1594) was a Galician soldier and chronicler of the Arauco War in the Kingdom of Chile.	Pedro Mariño de Lobera	1594
date of death	Lindsay Bernard Hall (28 December 1859 -- 14 February 1935) was an English-born Australian artist and art gallery director.	Lindsay Bernard Hall	14 February 1935
date of death	Theodore Sigritsa (Bulgarian: Теодор Сигрица) or Sigritzes (died 924) was a Bulgarian military commander and noble, kavkhan (first minister) of Emperor Simeon I (r. 893--927).	Theodore Sigritsa	924
date of death	Sir Geoffrey Fenton (c. 1539 -- 19 October 1608) was an English writer, Privy Councillor, and Principal Secretary of State in Ireland.	Geoffrey Fenton	19 October 1608
date of death	Sir Edward Keith (died 1346) was a Scottish nobleman and a hereditary Great Marischal of Scotland.	Edward Keith	1346
date of death	Narla Tata Rao (4 September 1917 - 7 April 2007) was a prominent person in the power sector of India and a former chairman of the Andhra Pradesh State Electricity Board.	Narla Tata Rao	7 April 2007
date of death	Sir Richard Cotton (in or before 1497-1556), was a courtier in the court of Henry VIII of England.	Sir Richard Cotton	1556
date of death	Edward John Hutchins (27 December 1809, Briton Ferry, Glamorganshire -- 11 February 1876, Hastings) was a Liberal MP, railway director and Freemason.	Edward John Hutchins	11 February 1876
date of death	Minna Lederman Daniel (17 March 1896 -- 29 October 1995) was a music writer and editor of the magazine Modern Music for more than 20 years.	Minna Lederman	29 October 1995
date of death	William Dudley Foulke (November 20, 1848 -- May 30, 1935) was an American literary critic, journalist, poet and reformer.	William Dudley Foulke	1935
date of death	Johanne Andersdatter Sappi (died 1479), was a Danish noble and landholder, known as ``Fru Johanne af Asdal'' (Lady Johanne of Asdal).	Johanne Andersdatter Sappi	1479
date of death	Ken Judge (15 January 1958 -- 15 January 2016) was an Australian rules footballer and coach.	Ken Judge	15 January 2016
date of death	Gonzalo de Berceo (ca. 1197 -- before 1264) was a Castilian poet born in the Riojan village of Berceo, close to the major Benedictine monastery of San Millán de la Cogolla.	Gonzalo de Berceo	1264
date of death	Norm Hogg (1 June 1883 -- 9 October 1945) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Norm Hogg	9 October 1945
date of death	Elisabeth Becker (20 July 1923 -- 4 July 1946) was a concentration camp guard in World War II.	Elisabeth Becker	4 July 1946
date of death	Frank Moody (27 August 1900 -- 29 July 1963) was a Welsh boxer who fought between 1914 and 1936.	Frank Moody	29 July 1963
date of death	Jesse Haworth (1835--1921) was a British cotton magnate who provided financial support for the archaeological work of W.M. Flinders Petrie.	Jesse Haworth	1921
date of death	Shaikh Awais Jalayir, also known as Uvais or Oways (سلطان شیخ اویس), was a Jalayirid ruler of Iraq (1356--1374) and Azerbaijan (1360--1374).	Shaikh Awais Jalayir	1374
date of death	Sir Thomas Watson, 1st Baronet, (1792 -- 11 December 1882) was a British physician who is primarily known for describing the water hammer pulse found in aortic regurgitation in 1844.	Sir Thomas Watson, 1st Baronet	11 December 1882
date of death	Fujiwara Nobuzane (Japanese: 藤原 信実) (1176--1265) was one of the leading Japanese portrait artists of his day.	Fujiwara Nobuzane	1265
date of death	Anthony Norris Groves (1 February 1795 -- 20 May 1853) was an English Protestant missionary and the ``father of faith missions''.	Anthony Norris Groves	20 May 1853
date of death	Roy P. Johnson (died 1963) was born in Hendrum, Minnesota.	Roy P. Johnson	1963
date of death	James Moore Preston (1873-1962) was an American painter and illustrator, married to fellow artist May Wilson Preston.	James Moore Preston	1962
date of death	Elizabeth Rebecca Edwin (c. 1771-1854), was an Anglo-Irish stage actress active in Ireland and England over the late eighteenth and early nineteenth centuries.	Elizabeth Rebecca Edwin	1854
date of death	Abu-l-Hasan Ali ibn Ruburtayr or Reverter (? - El-Omra, Tounes, 1187) was the younger son of Reverter I viscount of Barcelona, and a Muslim Catalan mercenary commander.	Abu-l-Hasan Ali ibn Ruburtayr	1187
date of death	Viktor Petrov (Ukrainian: Віктор Петров 1894 -- 1969) was a prominent Soviet Ukrainian existentialist writer.	Viktor Petrov	1969
date of death	In December 1980 Willie Mullan died after taking his own life.	Willie Mullan	December 1980
date of death	Harry Betts (15 September 1922 -- 13 July 2012) was a jazz composer and trombonist.	Harry Betts	13 July 2012
date of death	Mary Losseff (also Mara Loseff); b. Vladivostok, 13 March 1907; d. London, 3 July 1972.	Mary Losseff	1972
date of death	Sheikh Abdulkarim Zanjani (1887--1968) was a great Shiite man of the religious sciences and is known as the philosopher of the eastE He was born in the city of Zanjan in the village of BarroBarrout.	Abdulkarim Zanjani	1968
date of death	Annie Hooper (26 February 1897 -- 11 January 1986) was a sculptor of visionary religious art from Buxton, North Carolina.	Annie Hooper	11 January 1986
date of death	Rózsa Péter, born Politzer, (17 February 1905 -- 16 February 1977) was a Hungarian mathematician.	Rózsa Péter	16 February 1977
date of death	Roscoe Conkling Bruce, Senior (21 April 1879 -- 16 August 1950) was an African-American educator who was known for stressing the value of practical industrial and business skills as opposed to academic disciplines.	Roscoe Conkling Bruce	16 August 1950
date of death	Eve van Grafhorst (17 July 1982 -- 20 November 1993) was one of the first Australian children to be infected with HIV via a blood transfusion.	Eve van Grafhorst	20 November 1993
date of death	Tanabe Sakuro (1861--1944) was a Japanese Civil Engineer.	Tanabe Sakuro	1944
date of death	Charles Phelps Norton (March 15, 1858 -- 1920) was chancellor of the University at Buffalo from 1909--20; and a founder of the University at Buffalo Law School.	Charles Phelps Norton	1920
date of death	Sir Richard Warburton (died 1610) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons between 1601 and 1610.	Richard Warburton	1610
date of death	Henry de Abergavenny (died 1218) was Prior of Abergavenny and Bishop of Llandaff, both in South Wales.	Henry de Abergavenny	1218
date of death	Husayn Pasha ibn Makki (also known as Mekkizâde Hüseyin Paşa) (died 1765) served as the Ottoman wali (provincial governor) of Damascus and Marash, and the sanjak-bey (district governor) of Gaza.	Husayn Pasha ibn Makki	1765
date of death	Frederick Westlake (Romsey, Hampshire, February 25, 1840 - London, February 12, 1898) was English pianist and composer.	Frederick Westlake	1898
date of death	Gordon Onslow Ford (26 December 1912 -- 9 November 2003) was one of the last surviving members of the 1930s Paris surrealist group surrounding André Breton.	Gordon Onslow Ford	9 November 2003
date of death	Lonappan Nambadan (13 November 1935 -- 5 June 2013) was a politician from Kerala state.	Lonappan Nambadan	5 June 2013
date of death	Albert de Silva died on April 11, 2009 at the Karapitiya Teaching Hospital after a brief illness, and was 93 at the time of his death.	Albert de Silva	2009
date of death	Empress Dowager Dong (died 189), personal name unknown, formally known as Empress Xiaocheng (孝成皇后), was an empress dowager of Han Dynasty period of Chinese history.	Empress Dowager Dong	189
date of death	Charles Edward Keyser FSA (10 September 1847 -- 23 May 1929) was a British stockbroker and authority on English church architecture.	Charles Edward Keyser	1929
date of death	Denis Dighton (1792 -- 8 August 1827) was an English painter, best known for his military portraits and battle scenes.	Denis Dighton	8 August 1827
date of death	Sir Alexander Ramsay of Dalhousie (sometimes spelt: Dalwolsey) (died 1342) was a Scottish patriot known for his prowess in battle, and the 1342 capture of Roxburgh Castle.	Alexander Ramsay of Dalhousie	1342
date of death	Liane Berkowitz (7 August 1923 -- 5 August 1943) was a German resistance fighter of the Red Orchestra organisation.	Liane Berkowitz	5 August 1943
date of death	John Golafre (died 1442) was an English courtier and Member of Parliament.	John Golafre	1442
date of death	Norman Simmons (1915--2004) was a DNA research pioneer.	Norman Simmons	2004
date of death	Charles Seton, 2nd Earl of Dunfermline PC (November 1615 -- 11 May 1672), styled Lord Fyvie until 1622, was a Scottish peer.	Charles Seton, 2nd Earl of Dunfermline	11 May 1672
date of death	Kostas Kubilinskas (1 July 1923 in Vilkaviškis district -- 9 March 1962 near Moscow) was a Lithuanian poet known for his writing for children.	Kostas Kubilinskas	9 March 1962
date of death	Anne Crawford-Lindsay, Duchess of Rothes (1 September 1631 -- 1 July 1689), was the daughter of John Lindsay, 1st Earl of Lindsay, 17th Earl of Crawford, lord high treasurer of Scotland and Lady Margaret Hamilton.	Anne Crawford-Lindsay	1 July 1689
date of death	Sir John Schorne (died 1313) was rector of North Marston in the English county of Buckinghamshire.	John Schorne	1313
date of death	John Alldis (10 August 1929 -- 20 December 2010) was an English chorus-master and conductor.	John Alldis	20 December 2010
date of death	Walter Hancock (16 June 1799 -- 14 May 1852) was an English inventor of the Victorian period.	Walter Hancock	14 May 1852
date of death	Robert Munro, 14th Baron of Foulis (died 8 September 1547) was a Scottish soldier and clan chief of the Highland Clan Munro.	Robert Munro, 14th Baron of Foulis	8 September 1547
date of death	Midgegooroo (died 22 May 1833) was an Indigenous Australian of the Nyungar nation, who played a key role in Indigenous resistance to white settlement in the area of Perth, Western Australia.	Midgegooroo	22 May 1833
date of death	Kerala Varma IV (died February 1853) was an Indian monarch who ruled the Kingdom of Cochin from 1851 to 1853.	Kerala Varma IV	1853
date of death	Moe Sedway (1894--1952) was a Jewish-American businessman and mobster.	Moe Sedway	1952
date of death	William Wallace Sanger (born in Hartford, Connecticut, 10 August 1819; died in New York City, 8 May 1872) was a New York City physician who wrote a ``groundbreaking'' study of prostitution.	William Wallace Sanger	8 May 1872
date of death	Michael John Keen (1935--1991) was an award-winning Canadian geoscientist.	Michael John Keen	1991
date of death	Albert Bormann (2 September 1902 -- 8 April 1989) was a German National Socialist Motor Corps (NSKK) officer, who rose to the rank of Gruppenführer (Generalleutnant) during World War II. Bormann served as an adjutant to Adolf Hitler, and was the younger brother of Martin Bormann.	Albert Bormann	8 April 1989
date of death	Reginald Heber Roe (3 August 1850 -- 21 September 1926) was a headmaster of Brisbane Grammar School, Queensland, Australia and first vice-chancellor of the University of Queensland.	Reginald Heber Roe	21 September 1926
date of death	Hugh Montgomery, 1st Earl of Mount Alexander (c. 1623 -- 15 September 1663), known as The Viscount Montgomery from 1642 to 1661, was an Irish peer.	Hugh Montgomery, 1st Earl of Mount Alexander	1663
date of death	Pietro Donato (1380--1447) was a Venetian Renaissance humanist and the Bishop of Padua (from 1428).	Pietro Donato	1447
date of death	Duarte Lobo (ca. 1565 -- 24 September 1646; Latinized as Eduardus Lupus) was a Portuguese composer of the late Renaissance and early Baroque.	Duarte Lobo	24 September 1646
date of death	Joseph B. Hamilton (June 10, 1817 - 1902) was an American teacher, lawyer and judge from Neenah, Wisconsin who served in the Wisconsin State Senate.	Joseph B. Hamilton	1902
date of death	Edward Lupus died at his home in Sextonville, Baltimore County on February 13, 1877 at the age of 43 following a three month illness.	Edward Lupus	1877
date of death	James Tuchet, 6th Earl of Castlehaven (died 12 October 1740) was the son of James Tuchet, 5th Earl of Castlehaven and his wife Anne Pelson.	James Tuchet, 6th Earl of Castlehaven	12 October 1740
date of death	Lavoslav Singer (1866--1942) was Croatian industrialist notable for his role in the development of Bjelovar.	Lavoslav Singer	1942
date of death	Herbert Heilpern (1919--1999) was a European born athlete and active builder of American soccer.	Herbert Heilpern	1999
date of death	Wilhelm Biener (Bienner) (1590 -- 17 July 1651) was a lawyer, and chancellor of Tyrol.	Wilhelm Biener	17 July 1651
date of death	Minna Lachs (born as Minna Schiffmann in 1907; died 1993) was an Austrian educator and memoirist.	Minna Lachs	1993
date of death	Lieutenant General Jacques Chouinard CMM CD (1 October 1922 -- 28 July 2008) was the Commander, Mobile Command of the Canadian Forces.	Jacques Chouinard	28 July 2008
date of death	Doamna Chiajna (1525-1588) was a Princess consort of Wallachia.	Doamna Chiajna	1588
date of death	Julie Duncan (born 17 January 1919 in Cornish, New Hampshire; died 20 June 1986) was a motion picture actress specialising in short subjects and Westerns.	Julie Duncan	20 June 1986
date of death	Turkey Tayac, legally Philip Sheridan Proctor (1895--1978), was a Piscataway Indian leader and herbal doctor; he was notable in Native American activism for tribal and cultural revival in the 20th century.	Turkey Tayac	1978
date of death	Ugo Canefri (1148 -- 8 October 1233), also known as Ugo da Genova, was an Italian crusader and subsequently a health worker.	Ugo Canefri	8 October 1233
date of death	Frank Fortescue Laidlaw (1876--1963) was a British biologist who chiefly studied molluscs, a malacologist.	Frank Fortescue Laidlaw	1963
date of death	Kaye Webb, MBE (26 January 1914 -- 16 January 1996), was a British journalist and publisher.	Kaye Webb	16 January 1996
date of death	Jan Marcin Szancer (12 November 1902--21 March 1973) was a Polish illustrator, scenographer and professor at the Academy of Fine Arts in Warsaw.	Jan Marcin Szancer	21 March 1973
date of death	Ewald Kluge (19 January 1909 -- 19 August 1964) was a German motorcyclist.	Ewald Kluge	1964
date of death	Douglas Tilden (May 1, 1860 to August 5, 1935) was a world-famous sculptor.	Douglas Tilden	1935
date of death	Sir Jeahangir Ghandy CIE, Assoc. CStJ (18 November 1896 - 1972) was an Indian businessperson who is credited with building Tata Steel at Jamshedpur.	Jeahangir Ghandy	1972
date of death	Archibald Hunter Arrington (13 November 1809 -- 20 July 1872) was a U.S. Congressman from North Carolina from 1841 to 1845 and a member of the Confederate Congress during the American Civil War.	Archibald Hunter Arrington	20 July 1872
date of death	Oliver J. Flanagan (22 May 1920 -- 26 April 1987) was an Irish Fine Gael politician who served in Dáil Éireann for 43 years and was Minister for Defence for six months.	Oliver J. Flanagan	26 April 1987
date of death	Robert Russell Race CBE FRS FRCP FRCPath MRCS (28 November 1907 -- 15 April 1984) was a British medical doctor and human geneticist.	Robert Russell Race	15 April 1984
date of death	Vern Rowe (11 March 1896 -- 23 November 1929) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Vern Rowe	23 November 1929
date of death	Sheikh Hamad Abu Rabia (Arabic: حماد أبو ربيعة‎; Hebrew: חמאד אבו-רביעה‎, born 1929, died 12 January 1981) was a Bedouin Israeli politician and a member of the Knesset, best known for being assassinated by sons of another Israeli Arab Druze politician.	Hamad Abu Rabia	12 January 1981
date of death	Vereker Monteith Hamilton (14 February 1856 -- 1931 Cowden, Kent) a Scottish artist of military and historical works.	Vereker Monteith Hamilton	1931
date of death	John Collingham Moore (1829 -- 12 July 1880) was an English artist during the Victorian era.	John Collingham Moore	1880
date of death	Hilde Heltberg (30 September 1959 -- 4 September 2011) was a Norwegian singer, guitarist and songwriter, born in Oslo.	Hilde Heltberg	4 September 2011
date of death	Stephen Moore, 3rd Earl Mount Cashell (20 May 1792 -- 10 October 1883), styled Lord Kilworth until 1822, was an Anglo-Irish aristocrat and politician who spent much of his life in what is now Canada.	Stephen Moore, 3rd Earl Mount Cashell	10 October 1883
date of death	Kururamma (1570--1640 AD) was a devotee of Guruvayoorappan (Lord Krishna of Guruvayoor).	Kururamma	1640
date of death	Duncan R. Derry (1906--1987) was an internationally known Canadian economic geologist.	Duncan R. Derry	1987
date of death	William Hadlow (1861 -- 1931) was a British philatelic auctioneer who was appointed to the Roll of Distinguished Philatelists in 1930.	William Hadlow	1931
date of death	Noah John Rondeau (July 6, 1883 -- August 24, 1967) was a widely known hermit in the High Peaks of the Adirondack Mountains of New York State.	Noah John Rondeau	1967
date of death	Lieutenant-Colonel Lord William Charles Augustus Cavendish-Bentinck (3 October 1780 -- 28 April 1826), known as Lord Charles Bentinck, was a British soldier and politician and a great-great-grandfather of Queen Elizabeth II.	Lord Charles Bentinck	28 April 1826
date of death	Seamus Quaid (16 November 1937 -- 13 October 1980) was an Irish police officer of the Garda Síochána (Garda 13497), killed in the line of duty by the IRA.	Seamus Quaid	1980
date of death	Isador Lubin (9 June 1896 -- 6 July 1978) was the head of the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics from 1933 to 1946, and president of the American Statistical Association in 1946.	Isador Lubin	6 July 1978
date of death	Janet 'Rusty' Skuse, born Janet Field (20 December 1943 -- 12 July 2007), was renowned as the most tattooed woman in Britain.	Janet 'Rusty' Skuse	12 July 2007
date of death	John Karmazin, Sr. (23 May 1884--May 1977) was an American engine component inventor and business founder.	John Karmazin, Sr.	1977
date of death	Carlos López Tovar (28 August 1912 -- 28 August 1975) was a luchador who was active in the 1930s and 1940s, better known by the ring name Tarzán López.	Tarzán López	28 August 1975
date of death	Moses Belmonte (1619--29 May 1647, Amsterdam) was a poet and translator, the eighth child of Jacob Belmonte.	Moses Belmonte	29 May 1647
date of death	Shadi Beg, Khan of the Golden Horde (1399-1407) was a son of Timur-Malik.	Shadi Beg	1407
date of death	Augustus Fendler (1813--1883) was a Prussian-born American natural history collector.	Augustus Fendler	1883
date of death	Koncordie Amalie Dietrich (née Nelle) (26 May 1821 - 9 March 1891) was a German naturalist who was best known for her pioneering work in Australia, where she spent ten years collecting specimens for the Museum Godeffroy in Hamburg.	Amalie Dietrich	9 March 1891
date of death	Larry Bogart (1914--1991) was a U.S. independent critic of the nuclear power industry.	Larry Bogart	1991
date of death	Báetán mac Ninneda (died 586) was an Irish king of the Cenél Conaill, a sept of the northern Uí Néill.	Báetán mac Ninneda	586
date of death	Hans Krüger (6 July 1902 -- 3 November 1971) was a former member of the NSDAP party and other Nazi organizations who served as an SS judge in occupied Poland during the Second World War.	Hans Krüger	3 November 1971
date of death	Frederick York Powell (4 January 1850 -- 8 May 1904), was an English historian and scholar.	Frederick York Powell	8 May 1904
date of death	Avraham Eliezer Alperstein (1853, Kobrin, Grodno Province, Belarus - 1917, New York, United States) was an Orthodox Rabbi, Rosh yeshiva, publisher, communal leader and exceptional Talmudic scholar.	Avraham Eliezer Alperstein	1917
date of death	Sir Hugh Speke, 1st Baronet (died 5 July 1661) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons in 1661.	Sir Hugh Speke, 1st Baronet	5 July 1661
date of death	Annie Lorrain Smith (23 October 1854 -- 7 September 1937) was a British lichenologist whose Lichens (1921) was an essential textbook for several decades.	Annie Lorrain Smith	7 September 1937
date of death	George Frederick Morgan (April 25, 1922 -- February 20, 2004) was a poet and founder (1948) and long-time editor (1948--1998) of The Hudson Review, along with his wife Paula Dietz.	George Frederick Morgan	2004
date of death	Ioannis Davos (Greek: Ιωάννης Ντάβος, 1918 -- 15 January 2008) was a Greek Army officer who rose to the rank of full General, and held the posts of Chief of the Hellenic Army General Staff and of the Armed Forces High Command.	Ioannis Davos	15 January 2008
date of death	Ernst Heinrich Georg Ule (12 March 1854 -- 15 July 1915) was a German botanist and explorer.	Ernst Heinrich Georg Ule	15 July 1915
date of death	Sir Panaganti Ramarayaningar KCIE, (9 July 1866 -- 16 December 1928), also known as the Raja of Panagal, was a zamindar of Kalahasti, a Justice Party leader and the Chief Minister or Premier of Madras Presidency from 11 July 1921 to 3 December 1926.	Raja of Panagal	16 December 1928
date of death	Flint Gregory Hunt (ca. 1958 -- July 2, 1997) was a convicted murderer executed by the State of Maryland in 1997.	Flint Gregory Hunt	1997
date of death	Qin Lizhen (Chinese: 秦力真; 1914 - 2007) was a Chinese diplomat.	Qin Lizhen	2007
date of death	William Wilton (9 June 1865 -- 2 May 1920) was the first manager of Rangers Football Club, serving the club in that position from May 1899 until his death in 1920.	William Wilton	2 May 1920
date of death	Carl Einar Hille (28 June 1894 -- 12 February 1980) was an American mathematics professor and scholar.	Einar Hille	12 February 1980
date of death	Alfred Merle Norman (29 August 1831 -- 26 October 1918) was an English clergyman and naturalist.	Alfred Merle Norman	26 October 1918
date of death	Rosendo Porlier y Asteguieta (1771--1819) was a Spanish admiral, Brigadier of the Royal Spanish Navy.	Rosendo Porlier y Asteguieta	1819
date of death	Seán Carroll (20 January 1892 -- 1 February 1954) was an Irish politician.	Seán Carroll	1 February 1954
date of death	Vincent Figgins (1766-1844), born in Peckham, England, was a British punch-cutter and type-founder.	Vincent Figgins	1844
date of death	Beatrice of Falkenburg (c. 1254 -- 17 October 1277), also referred to as Beatrix of Valkenburg, was the third spouse of Richard of Cornwall, and as such nominally queen of the Romans.	Beatrice of Falkenburg	17 October 1277
date of death	Samuel Cunliffe Lister, 2nd Baron Masham (1857-24 January 1917) was an English baron and industrialist.	Samuel Cunliffe Lister, 2nd Baron Masham	24 January 1917
date of death	Jonathan Hager (1714-- November 6, 1775) is the founder of Hagerstown, Maryland, United States.	Jonathan Hager	1775
date of death	Maurice Griffith (or Griffin; c. 1507 -- 20 November 1558) was a Welshman who became Bishop of Rochester.	Maurice Griffith	20 November 1558
date of death	Germanos Adam (born in 1725 in Aleppo, Syria - died on 10 November 1809 in Zouk Mikael, Lebanon) was the Melkite Catholic bishop of the Melkite Greek Catholic Archeparchy of Aleppo during the late 18th century and a Christian theologian.	Germanos Adam	10 November 1809
date of death	Franz Xavier Dengler (known as Frank Dengler; 1853 Cincinnati, Ohio - 1879) was a United States sculptor.	Frank Dengler	1879
date of death	Eva-Lis Wuorio (November 12, 1918 - 1988) was a Finnish-born writer .	Eva-Lis Wuorio	1988
date of death	Sean Hollywood (1945--1998) was an Irish actor, politician, hurler and footballer.	Sean Hollywood	1998
date of death	Jerome Lee Shneidman (June 20, 1929 -- July 29, 2008) was an American historian of medieval and early American history.	Jerome Lee Shneidman	2008
date of death	François Séverin Marceau-Desgraviers (French pronunciation: ​(fʁɑ̃swa sevəʁɛ̃ maʁso degʁavje); 1 March 1769 -- 21 September 1796) was a French general of the Revolutionary Wars.	François Séverin Marceau-Desgraviers	21 September 1796
date of death	Subramanya Raje Urs (Kannada: ಸುಬ್ರಮಣ್ಯ ರಾಜೇ ಅರಸ್; 1916--1998) popularly known as Chaduranga was a very famous Kannada author from Mysore.	Chaduranga	1998
date of death	Luís de Menezes Bragança (Konkani: लुईझ दॆ मॆनॆज़ॆस ब्रागान्सा; 15 January 1878 -- 10 July 1938), alternatively spelled as Luís de Menezes Braganza, was a prominent Indian journalist, writer, politician and anti-colonial activist from Goa.	Luís de Menezes Bragança	10 July 1938
date of death	Roswell Beebe (1795-Sept. 27, 1856) was an American politician, business executive, and real estate purveyor during the early 19th century.	Roswell Beebe	1856
date of death	Sir Charles Lilley (27 August 1827 -- 20 August 1897) was a Premier and Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Queensland.	Charles Lilley	20 August 1897
date of death	Gao Shun (died 198) was a military general serving the warlord Lü Bu during the late Han Dynasty period of Chinese history.	Gao Shun	198
date of death	Ernest Vincent Wright (1872 -- October 7, 1939) was an American author known for his book Gadsby, a 50,000-word novel which, except for the introduction and a note at the end, did not use the letter ``e''.	Ernest Vincent Wright	1939
date of death	Gustav Richter (12 November 1913 -- c.1982) was an aide to Nazi Adolf Eichmann during World War II. Richter was born in 1913 and he received a law degree (died about 1982).	Gustav Richter	1982
date of death	Gen. Karel Klapálek died 18 November 1984.	Karel Klapálek	18 November 1984
date of death	Shri Babubhai P. Vaidya (1909-1979) was an Indian freedom-fighter, author, journalist, and champion of human rights.	Babubhai P. Vaidya	1979
date of death	Alexander Lumsden (October 4, 1843 -- 1904) was an Ontario lumber merchant and political figure.	Alexander Lumsden	1904
date of death	Jankidas Mehra (1910 -- 18 June 2003) was a prolific Indian film actor of Hindi Cinema, cyclist, production designer and writer.	Jankidas	18 June 2003
date of death	Kristen Nygaard (27 August 1926 -- 10 August 2002) was a Norwegian computer scientist, programming language pioneer and politician.	Kristen Nygaard	10 August 2002
date of death	Edward Woore or Davie Woore (1880--1960) was a British stained glass artist and member of the British Society of Master Glass Painters.	Edward Woore	1960
date of death	Percy Schofield (born April 1893 - 20 June 1968) was an English footballer.	Percy Schofield	20 June 1968
date of death	Flora Mitchell (1890 - 1973) was an American-born Irish artist, remembered in particular for her mid-20th-century paintings of old Dublin architecture that has since disappeared.	Flora Mitchell	1973
date of death	Jan Verdoodt (1908--1980) came from Sint-Pieters-Jette in Belgium.	Jan Verdoodt	1980
date of death	Seán Mac Diarmada (English: John MacDermott; 27 January 1883 -- 12 May 1916), also known as Seán MacDermott, was an Irish political activist and revolutionary leader.	Seán Mac Diarmada	12 May 1916
date of death	Fr. Tomás de Santa María O.P. (also Tomás de Sancta Maria) (ca. 1510 -- 1570) was a Spanish music theorist, organist and composer of the Renaissance.	Tomás de Santa María	1570
date of death	Carl Gustaf Wrangel (also Carl Gustav Wrangel; 23 December 1613 -- 5 July 1676) was a high-ranking Swedish noble, statesman and military commander in the Thirty Years', Torstenson, Bremen, Second Northern and Scanian Wars.	Carl Gustaf Wrangel	5 July 1676
date of death	Kevin Coffey (1933--1981) was an Irish former sportsperson.	Kevin Coffey	1981
date of death	Sir Thomas Kyriell (1396--1461) was an English soldier of the Hundred Years' War and the opening of the Wars of the Roses.	Sir Thomas Kyriell	1461
date of death	Peter Adelaar (26 February 1947 -- 14 October 2004) was a Dutch judoka.	Peter Adelaar	14 October 2004
date of death	George Lerner (1922-1995) was the inventor of the American toy, Mr. Potato Head Just before 1950, he designed and produced a first generation set of plastic face pieces.	George Lerner	1995
date of death	James Whitelaw Hamilton (1860-1932) RSA, RSW was a Scottish artist, member of the Glasgow School, of the Royal Scottish Academy (RSA) and of the New English Art Club.	James Whitelaw Hamilton	1932
date of death	Heinz Günter Mebusch (1952--2001) was a German photographer and experimental artist born in Düsseldorf.	Heinz Günter Mebusch	2001
date of death	Lawrence DeVol (17 November 1903 -- 8 July 1936) was an American criminal, bank robber, prison escapee and Depression-era outlaw.	Lawrence DeVol	8 July 1936
date of death	Count Charles-Daniel de Meuron (6 May 1738 - 4 April 1806) was the founder of a Swiss mercenary regiment, Regiment de Meuron, which was employed in the service of the Dutch East India Company in Cape Town and Ceylon.	Charles-Daniel de Meuron	4 April 1806
date of death	Philippe Pastour de Costebelle (ca. 1661 -- October 1717) was a naval officer and Governor of Newfoundland, born Languedoc died Louisbourg.	Philippe Pastour de Costebelle	1717
date of death	Olav Klokk (3 September 1885 -- 18 March 1964) was a Norwegian agriculturalist.	Olav Klokk	18 March 1964
date of death	Torben Oxe (died 29 November 1517) was a Danish nobleman and a member of an aristocratic family.	Torben Oxe	29 November 1517
date of death	Lewin Bentham Bowring (1824--1910) was a British civil servant in India who served as commissioner of Mysore between 1862 and 1870.	Lewin Bentham Bowring	1910
date of death	Mary Woodall also known as ``Mighty Mary'' (1901--1988) was a British art historian, museum director, and Thomas Gainsborough scholar.	Mary Woodall	1988
date of death	Dan David (Hebrew: דן דוד‎; ‎23 May 1929 -- 6 September 2011) was a Romanian-born Israeli businessman and philanthropist.	Dan David	6 September 2011
date of death	Christopher Buxton (1562 -- 1588) was an English Roman Catholic priest and martyr.	Christopher Buxton	1588
date of death	Robert Pont (or Kylpont) (c.1524--1606), Scottish reformer, was educated at St. Andrews.	Robert Pont	1606
date of death	L. T. Rose-Hutchinson (died 1948) was a philatelist and postal historian.	L. T. Rose-Hutchinson	1948
date of death	Pyotr Kirichek (Russian: Пётр Тихонович Киричек; 1902 -- 1968) was a Soviet singer, a bass-baritone.	Pyotr Kirichek	1968
date of death	Lady Alice Neville (c. 1430 - after 22 November 1503), Baroness FitzHugh of Ravensworth, was the wife of Henry FitzHugh, 5th Baron FitzHugh.	Alice Neville	22 November 1503
date of death	Francis Bullingham (1554--ca. 1636), of the Cathedral Close, Lincoln was an English politician.	Francis Bullingham	1636
date of death	Tikvah Alper (1909--1995) trained as a physicist and became a distinguished radiobiologist.	Tikvah Alper	1995
date of death	Herbert Leslie Gee (1901--1977) was a prolific English writer, mostly about the coast and countryside of Yorkshire, his native county.	Herbert Leslie Gee	1977
date of death	Robert E. Collin (24 October 1928 -- 29 November 2010) was a Canadian American electrical engineer, university professor and life fellow of the IEEE.	Robert E. Collin	29 November 2010
date of death	Vennelakanti Raghavaiah B.A., B.L. (born: 4 June 1897 - died: 24 November 1981) was social worker and Indian freedom activist.	Vennelakanti Raghavaiah	24 November 1981
date of death	Morgan ap Maredudd sometimes referred to as ``Morgan the Rebel'' (flourished 1270-1316), rebel, of Glamorgan.	Morgan ap Maredudd	1316
date of death	Henry P. Rusk (1884--1954) was a faculty member at the University of Illinois, United States, in the Department of Animal Husbandry.	Henry P. Rusk	1954
date of death	Henry Liddell, 1st Baron Ravensworth (1708 -- 30 January 1784) succeeded to the Baronetcy of Ravensworth Castle, and to the family estates and mining interests, at the age of fifteen, on the death of his grandfather in 1723.	Henry Liddell, 1st Baron Ravensworth	30 January 1784
date of death	Alojzij Kuhar (18 June 1895 -- 28 October 1958) was a Slovenian and Yugoslav politician, diplomat, historian and journalist.	Alojzij Kuhar	28 October 1958
date of death	Sir Frederick Williams-Taylor (October 23, 1863--1945) was a Canadian banker.	Frederick Williams-Taylor	1945
date of death	Heen Banda Udurawana (1900 - 1989) was a member of the Senate of Ceylon and Diyawadana Nilame of the Temple of the Tooth, Kandy.	Heen Banda Udurawana	1989
date of death	Marcus Rex, CMG was born in 1886 and died in 1971.	Marcus Rex	1971
date of death	Geoffrey Green (12 May 1911 -- 9 May 1990) was a distinguished English football writer.	Geoffrey Green	9 May 1990
date of death	Richard Farrington (1702 -- 16 October 1772) was a Welsh Anglican priest and antiquarian.	Richard Farrington	16 October 1772
date of death	N. H. Asoka Mahanama Karunaratne (26 January 1916 -- 24 February 1988) (known as Asoka Karunaratne) was a Sri Lankan politician and philanthropist.	Asoka Karunaratne	24 February 1988
date of death	Said Afandi al-Chirkawi (Avar: ЧӀикӀаса СагӀид афанди, Russian: Шейх Саид Афанди аль-Чиркави; 21 October 1937 - 28 August 2012) was a prominent scholar in Shafii mazhab and a spiritual master, or ``Murshid Kamil''.	Said Afandi al-Chirkawi	28 August 2012
date of death	Alexander Marshall Mackenzie (1 January 1848 -- 4 May 1933) was a Scottish architect responsible for prestigious projects including the headquarters of the Isle of Man Banking Company in Douglas, and Australia House and the Waldorf Hotel in London.	Alexander Marshall Mackenzie	1933
date of death	Nicholas Okes (died 1645) was an English printer in London of the Jacobean and Caroline eras, remembered for printing works of English Renaissance drama.	Nicholas Okes	1645
date of death	Riki Kobayashi (1924-2013) was a chemical engineer and a long-time professor of chemical engineering at Rice University.	Riki Kobayashi	2013
date of death	Firth McCallum (27 December 1872 -- 11 July 1910) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Geelong in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Firth McCallum	11 July 1910
date of death	Charles Leighton (24 June 1921 -- 26 June 2009) was an American virtuoso classical and jazz harmonica player who flourished from the mid-1940s to the mid-1950s, then -- after a hiatus while managing a recording studio that he co-founded -- reemerged in the mid-1980s and continued to play publicly until his death.	Charles Leighton	26 June 2009
date of death	Herod Archelaus (23 BC -- c. 18 AD) was ethnarch (not king) of Samaria, Judea, and Idumea (biblical Edom) from 4 BC to 6 AD, and appointed by Roman Emperor Augustus when Judaea province was formed under direct Roman rule, at the time of the Census of Quirinius.	Herod Archelaus	18
date of death	Tarani Debnath (1940 - 19 May 1961) (Bengali: তরণী দেবনাথ) was a Bengali who took part in the Bengali Language Movement in the Barak Valley in 1961 and became a martyr.	Tarani Debnath	19 May 1961
date of death	Costas Tsicaderis (6 January 1945 -- 23 December 2004) was a Greek-Australian singer-songwriter.	Costas Tsicaderis	23 December 2004
date of death	John Graunt (24 April 1620 -- 18 April 1674) was one of the first demographers, though by profession he was a haberdasher.	John Graunt	18 April 1674
date of death	Syed Nazrul Islam (Bengali: সৈয়দ নজরুল ইসলাম Soiod Nozrul Islam) (1925 -- 3 November, 1975) was a Bangladeshi politician and a senior leader of the Awami League.	Syed Nazrul Islam	3 November, 1975
date of death	Kazimierz Franciszek Czarnkowski, (1613/17--1656), of the Nałęcz coat-of-arms, was a Polish nobleman (szlachcic).	Kazimierz Franciszek Czarnkowski	1656
date of death	Gaius Julius Alpinus Classicianus was procurator of Roman Britain from 61 to his death in 65.	Gaius Julius Alpinus Classicianus	65
date of death	Patrick Joseph McCall (6 March 1861 -- 8 March 1919) was an Irish songwriter and poet, known mostly as the author of lyrics for popular ballads.	Patrick Joseph McCall	8 March 1919
date of death	Hermann Josef Wehrle (26 July 1899--14 September 1944) was a German Catholic priest who was killed after the 20 July plot.	Hermann Josef Wehrle	14 September 1944
date of death	George of Bytom (Polish: Jerzy bytomski; b. 1300 - d. by 1327), was a Duke of Bytom since 1316 until his death (as co-ruler of his brother).	George of Bytom	1327
date of death	Frank Barger (born 1921 in China Grove, North Carolina -- 1991) was an American high school football coach at Hickory High School in Hickory, North Carolina.	Frank Barger	1991
date of death	Francesco Accolti (c. 1416 -- 1488), also called Francesco d'Arezzo, was an Italian jurist.	Francesco Accolti	1488
date of death	Philip Cranmer (1918--2006) was an English teacher of and composer of classical music.	Philip Cranmer	2006
date of death	Horace-Bénédict de Saussure (17 February 1740 -- 22 January 1799) was a Swiss geologist, physicist and Alpine traveller, often considered the founder of alpinism, and considered to be the first person to build a successful solar oven.	Horace-Bénédict de Saussure	22 January 1799
date of death	Jack Rocchi (21 December 1904 -- 25 November 1979) was an Australian rules footballer who played for South Fremantle in the WAFL and Fitzroy in the VFL.	Jack Rocchi	25 November 1979
date of death	Anthony Windham Jones also known as Windham Jones or Wyndham Jones (1879 - 23 October 1959) was a Welsh international rugby union half back who played club rugby for Cardiff and Mountain Ash.	Anthony Windham Jones	23 October 1959
date of death	Aldo Marazza (1912 - 11 September 1938) was an Italian voiturette racing driver, regarded as the most promising at the time.	Aldo Marazza	11 September 1938
date of death	Dominik Mandić (2 December 1889 -- 23 August 1973) was a Bosnian Croat Franciscan priest.	Dominik Mandić	23 August 1973
date of death	Lieutenant-General Thomas Windsor, 1st Viscount Windsor (c. 1670 -- 8 June 1738), styled The Honourable Thomas Windsor until 1699, was an English soldier, landowner and politician.	Thomas Windsor, 1st Viscount Windsor	1738
date of death	Edward Bather (1779--1847), was Archdeacon of Salop (Shropshire, England).	Edward Bather	1847
date of death	George Yeld (1845--1938) was a schoolmaster, climber, explorer and hybridiser of daylilies and irises.	George Yeld	1938
date of death	Ivan Romanoff (8 March 1914 -- 14 March 1997) was a Canadian conductor, violinist, arranger, and composer.	Ivan Romanoff	14 March 1997
date of death	Yang Guangxian (Chinese: 楊光先) (1597--1669) was a Chinese Muslim Confucian writer and astronomer who was the head of the Bureau of Astronomy (欽天監) from 1665 to 1669.	Yang Guangxian	1669
date of death	Oscar Kjellberg (21 September 1870 -- 5 July 1931) was a Swedish inventor and industrialist.	Oscar Kjellberg	5 July 1931
date of death	Karl Weinrich (2 December 1887 in Molmeck -- 22 July 1973 in Hausen) was NSDAP Gauleiter of Kurhessen.	Karl Weinrich	22 July 1973
date of death	Dennis E. Puleston Ph.D (19 June 1940 -- 29 June 1978) was an American archaeologist and ecologist.	Dennis E. Puleston	29 June 1978
date of death	Norman John Klugmann (1912--1977), generally known as James Klugmann, was a leading British Communist writer who became the official historian of the Communist Party of Great Britain	James Klugmann	1977
date of death	Roger van de Velde (Boom, 13 February 1925-Antwerp, 30 May 1970) was a Belgian writer.	Roger van de Velde	1970
date of death	Leyly Matine-Daftary (18 January 1937 -- 17 April 2007) was an Iranian modernist artist.	Leyly Matine-Daftary	17 April 2007
date of death	Terence George Wire, known as Terry Wire, (1941 -- 14 May 2014) was a local Labour politician in Northampton, England.	Terry Wire	14 May 2014
date of death	Nessie Stewart-Brown JP (5 September 1864 -- 7 April 1958), née Nessie Muspratt was a British Suffragist and Liberal Party politician.	Nessie Stewart-Brown	7 April 1958
date of death	Hippolyte Alexandre Julien Moulin, sometimes given as Julien-Hippolyte Moulin or Hypolite Moulin, (1832--1884) was a 19th-century French sculptor.	Hippolyte Moulin	1884
date of death	Columba de Dunbar (c. 1386 -- 1435) was Bishop of Moray from 1422 until his death at Spynie Palace near Elgin sometime before 7 November 1435.	Columba de Dunbar	November 1435
date of death	Florian Camathias (23 March 1924 - 10 October 1965) was a Swiss professional Grand Prix motorcycle and sidecar racer.	Florian Camathias	10 October 1965
date of death	Robert Brudenell (20 September 1726 -- 20 October 1768) was a British army officer and Member of Parliament.	Robert Brudenell	20 October 1768
date of death	Karka II (972--973 CE) succeeded his uncle Kottigga Amoghavarsha to the Rashtrakuta throne.	Karka II	973
date of death	Rebecca Burlend (1793--1872) is the author of A True Picture of Emigration, a journal and guide written during the period of 1831--1845.	Rebecca Burlend	1872
date of death	B. Calvin Jones (31 October 1938 -- 15 February 1998) was an American archaeologist and discoverer of historic sites in Florida.	B. Calvin Jones	15 February 1998
date of death	Quintus Junius Rusticus (lived c. 100 -- c. 170 AD), probably a grandson of Arulenus Rusticus, was one of the teachers of the emperor Marcus Aurelius, and the most distinguished Stoic philosophers of his time.	Junius Rusticus	170
date of death	Lieutenant Colonel Edward Major (1615 -- c. 1655) was a Virginia soldier, landowner and politician.	Edward Major	1655
date of death	Cathal mac Ruaidhri (died 1043) was King of Maigh Seóla/Iar Connacht.	Cathal mac Ruaidhri	1043
date of death	Ivan Nagel (28 June 1931 -- 9 April 2012) was a German theater scholar, critic and former theater director of Hungarian origin.	Ivan Nagel	9 April 2012
date of death	John Carey, 3rd Baron Hunsdon (died 1617) was an English peer, politician and Governor of Berwick-upon-Tweed.	John Carey, 3rd Baron Hunsdon	1617
date of death	Sir Robert Uniacke-Penrose-Fitzgerald, 1st Baronet of Corkbeg and Lisquinlan (10 July 1839 -- 10 July 1919), was a British Conservative politician.	Robert Uniacke-Penrose-Fitzgerald	10 July 1919
date of death	Jim Clapton (27 February 1927 -- 13 May 2011) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Jim Clapton	13 May 2011
date of death	George Forester (21 December 1735 -- 13 July 1811) was Member of Parliament for the borough constituency of Wenlock on several occasions between 1758 and 1785.	George Forester	13 July 1811
date of death	Ebrahim Monsefi (in Persian: ابراهیم منصفی, 1945, Bandar Abbas -- 1997) was an Iranian singer, musician and poet.	Ebrahim Monsefi	1997
date of death	Sir Robert Benson Ewbank, CSI, CIE (22 October 1883 -- 2 September 1967) was an eminent British colonial civil servant in the twentieth century.	Robert Benson Ewbank	2 September 1967
date of death	Sir Thomas Tuddenham (10 May 1401 -- 23 February 1462) was an influential Norfolk landowner, official and courtier.	Thomas Tuddenham	23 February 1462
date of death	Leland T. Powers (January 28, 1857 -- 1920) was an American performing arts educator, author, and actor.	Leland T. Powers	1920
date of death	E. Pendleton Herring died at the age of 100 from pneumonia on August 17, 2004 at his home in Princeton New Jersey.	E. Pendleton Herring	2004
date of death	Nathaniel Buckley (1821 -- 23 March 1892) was a British landowner, cotton mill owner and Liberal Party politician.	Nathaniel Buckley	23 March 1892
date of death	Marquard of Randeck (or of Randelle; Italian: Marquardo di Randeck; 1296 - 3 January 1381) was Patriarch of Aquileia from 1365 until his death.	Marquard of Randeck	3 January 1381
date of death	Thomas Bambridge (died c. 1750) was a notorious warden of the Fleet Prison in England.	Thomas Bambridge	1750
date of death	Josif Mihajlović Jurukovski (Tresonče 1887 -- Skopje 11 March 1941) was mayor of Skopje between the two World Wars and was responsible for its transformation from an oriental into a European town.	Josif Mihajlović Jurukovski	11 March 1941
date of death	Tønne Huitfeldt (20 November 1625 -- 12 September 1677) was a Norwegian military officer and landowner.	Tønne Huitfeldt	12 September 1677
date of death	Dorath Pinto Uchôa (1 November 1947 -- 28 March 2014) was a Brazilian archaeologist and one of the founders of Brazilian Society of Archaeology.	Dorath Pinto Uchôa	28 March 2014
date of death	Esther Barsel (born 17 October 1924, in Raguva, Lithuania; died 6 October 2008, in Johannesburg) was a South African political activist and long-standing member of the South African Communist Party (SACP).	Esther Barsel	6 October 2008
date of death	Sir Harry Campion, KCB, CBE (20 May 1905 -- 24 May 1996) was a British statistician and the first director of what was the Central Statistical Office of the United Kingdom.	Harry Campion	24 May 1996
date of death	Muhammad Husain Azad (Urdu: محمد حسین آزاد‎ -- Mọḥammad Ḥusẹ̅n Āzād; 5 May 1830-- 22 January 1910), known as Ehsan Azad, was an Urdu writer who wrote both prose and poetry.	Muhammad Husain Azad	1910
date of death	Cecil O. Creal (19 December 1899 -- 20 November 1986) was mayor of Ann Arbor, in the U.S. state of Michigan, from 1959 to 1965.	Cecil O. Creal	20 November 1986
date of death	John Wyse Power (1859-1926), was a County Waterford born, journalist, newspaper editor and Irish nationalist.	John Wyse Power	1926
date of death	Mírzá Asadu’llah Fádil Mázandarání (c. 1880--1957) was a prominent Iranian Bahá'í scholar in Iran.	Mírzá Asadu’llah Fádil Mázandarání	1957
date of death	Robert Waelder (1900--1967) was a noted Austrian psychoanalyst and member of the Vienna Psychoanalytic Society.	Robert Waelder	1967
date of death	Giuseppe Antonio Landi (30 October 1713 -- 22 June 1791) was an 18th-century Italian neoclassical architect and painter of quadratura.	Giuseppe Antonio Landi	22 June 1791
date of death	Hyeja (Japanese: Eji (慧慈 or 恵慈, year-of-birth unknown - February 22nd by the lunar calendar, March 31st by the solar calendar, 623)) was the first priest who came across the sea from Goguryeo to Japan in the Asuka period, 595.	Hyeja	623
date of death	Tregonwell Frampton (1641--1727) was an English racehorse trainer, known as ``the father of the turf.''	Tregonwell Frampton	1727
date of death	Orsola Faccioli or Licata Faccioli (August 16, 1823 --1906) was an Italian painter, mainly of vedute and interior scenes.	Orsola Faccioli	1906
date of death	M. A. Sreenivasan (1897--1998) was a minister in the Princely State of Mysore and was also Dewan of Gwalior.	M. A. Sreenivasan	1998
date of death	Sir George Mackenzie of Rosehaugh (1636/1638--1691), known as Bluidy Mackenzie, was a Scottish lawyer, Lord Advocate, essayist and legal writer.	George Mackenzie of Rosehaugh	1691
date of death	Wu Feng (simplified Chinese: 吴凤; traditional Chinese: 吳鳳; pinyin: Wúfèng; 1699, Pinghe County, Fujian-1769, Zhuluo County) was a Chinese merchant whose legend was once popular in Taiwan.	Wu Feng	1769
date of death	Sir Peter Wentworth (1529--1596) was a prominent Puritan leader in the Parliament of England.	Peter Wentworth	1596
date of death	Emanuel Vigeland (2 December 1875 -- 22 December 1948) was a multitalented Norwegian artist.	Emanuel Vigeland	22 December 1948
date of death	Ibrahim ibn al-Mahdi (Arabic: إبراهيم بن المهدي‎) (779--839) was an Abbasid prince, singer, composer and poet.	Ibrahim ibn al-Mahdi	839
date of death	Karel Komzák II (8 November 1850 -- 23 April 1905) was a Bohemian-born Viennese composer famous for his dances and marches.	Karel Komzák II	23 April 1905
date of death	Brigadier John Amadu Bangura, CBE (8 March 1930 -- 29 March 1970) was the acting Governor-General of Sierra Leone from 18 April 1968 until 22 April 1968.	John Amadu Bangura	29 March 1970
date of death	Normand MacLeod (c. 1731 -- 1796) was a British army officer, merchant, and official of the British Indian Department.	Normand MacLeod	1796
date of death	Marius Borgeaud (21 September 1861 -- 16 July 1924) was a Swiss Post-Impressionist painter.	Marius Borgeaud	16 July 1924
date of death	Jo So-ang (조소앙, 30 April 1887 - 10 September 1958) was a politician and an educator in Korea under Japanese rule.	Jo So-ang	10 September 1958
date of death	Gerda Höjer (23 July 1893 - 20 June 1974), was a Swedish nurse and politician for the Liberal People's Party.	Gerda Höjer	20 June 1974
date of death	Clement Drew (1806--1889) was an artist and ``dealer in picture-frames'' in Boston, Massachusetts, in the 19th century.	Clement Drew	1889
date of death	Major Albrecht Lanz (25 February 1898 -- 27 January 1942) was the first Kommandant of Guernsey and Jersey in the Channel Islands in World War II.	Albrecht Lanz	27 January 1942
date of death	Herbert Arnould Olivier, R.I. (9 September 1861 -- 2 March 1952), was a British artist, best known for his portrait and landscape paintings.	Herbert Arnould Olivier	2 March 1952
date of death	Giacomo Barri (died 1690) was an Italian painter and printmaker of the Baroque period.	Giacomo Barri	1690
date of death	N. Mathrubootham (2 July 1944 -- 18 November 2004) was an Indian psychiatrist, writer, film actor and director who was known for his work on sex education.	N. Mathrubootham	18 November 2004
date of death	Georg Reutter (3 November 1656 -- 29 August 1738) was an Austrian organist, theorbo player and composer.	Georg Reutter	29 August 1738
date of death	Flavius Anicius Maximus (died 552) was a Roman senator and patrician during the Ostrogothic kingdom, who celebrated the last games in the Flavian Amphitheater.	Anicius Maximus	552
date of death	Joseph Wharton Lippincott, Jr., (1914--2003) was Chairman and President of Philadelphia publisher J. B. Lippincott Company.	Joseph Wharton Lippincott, Jr.	2003
date of death	Cui Zhi (崔植) (772 -- March 2, 829), courtesy name Gongxiu (公修), was an official of the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty, serving as a chancellor during the reign of Emperor Muzong.	Cui Zhi	829
date of death	Harold Elsdale Goad (1878-1956) was a British writer, journalist and poet.	Harold Elsdale Goad	1956
date of death	Isabella de Luna (died 1564) was an Italian (originally Spanish) courtesan of Renaissance-era Rome.	Isabella de Luna	1564
date of death	Randle Joseph Feilden (1824 -- 19 May 1895) was a businessman and Conservative politician who represented several Lancashire constituencies.	Joseph Feilden	19 May 1895
date of death	Somdet Phra Bawornrajchao Maha Sura Singhanat (Thai: สมเด็จพระบวรราชเจ้ามหาสุรสิงหนาท; rtgs: Somdet Phra Boworaratchao Mahasurasinghanat) (1744--1803) was the younger brother of Phutthayotfa Chulalok, the first monarch of the Chakri dynasty of Siam.	Maha Sura Singhanat	1803
date of death	Theophil Henry Hildebrandt (24 July 1888 -- 9 October 1980) was an American mathematician who did research on functional analysis and integration theory.	Theophil Henry Hildebrandt	9 October 1980
date of death	Charles Gotthold Reichel (born in Hermsdorf, Silesia, 14 July 1751; died at Niesky, Prussia, 18 April 1825) was a Moravian bishop.	Charles Gotthold Reichel	18 April 1825
date of death	Bolesław IV of Legnica (Polish: Bolesław IV legnicki) (ca. 1349 -- 3/4 March 1394) was a Duke of Legnica since 1364 (nominally; together with his brothers).	Bolesław IV of Legnica	March 1394
date of death	Winifred Hamrick Farrar (5 March 1923 -- 6 November 2010) was the Poet Laureate of Mississippi from 1978 to 2010.	Winifred Hamrick Farrar	6 November 2010
date of death	Joseph Lofthouse, Senior (18 December 1855 -- 16 December 1933) was a Canadian Anglican bishop in the 20th century.	Joseph Lofthouse	16 December 1933
date of death	Paulet St John, 3rd Earl of Bolingbroke (23 November 1634 -- 5 October 1711), known as Paulet St John until 1688, was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1663 to 1685.	Paulet St John, 3rd Earl of Bolingbroke	5 October 1711
date of death	Vaino Jack Vehko, (1918 Detroit, Michigan -- 17 August 1999 Austin, Texas) was the son of James Vehko (aka Jalmari Vehkomäki) of Kolho, Finland.	Vaino Jack Vehko	17 August 1999
date of death	Richard Taliaferro (c. 1705--1779) (pronounced as if it were spelled Tolliver) was a colonial architect and builder in Williamsburg, Virginia.	Richard Taliaferro	1779
date of death	Thomas Wharton, 2nd Baron Wharton (1520 -- 1572), of Wharton and Nateby, Westmoreland, Beaulieu alias New Hall, Essex and Westminster, Middlesex, was an English peer.	Thomas Wharton, 2nd Baron Wharton	1572
date of death	Arthur Best (18 October 1888 -- 17 June 1960) was an Australian rules footballer who played with St Kilda and Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Arthur Best	17 June 1960
date of death	Jack Roy Zanders (6 July 1910 -- 29 July 2002) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Hawthorn in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Roy Zanders	29 July 2002
date of death	Prince Nicholas of Greece and Denmark (22 January 1872 -- 8 February 1938), of the Glücksburg branch of the House of Oldenburg, was the fourth child and third son of George I, King of the Hellenes, and of Queen Olga.	Prince Nicholas of Greece and Denmark	8 February 1938
date of death	Nicephorus Gregoras (Greek: Νικηφόρος Γρηγορᾶς, Nikēphóros Grēgorãs; c. 1295-1360) was Byzantine astronomer, historian, and theologian.	Nicephorus Gregoras	1360
date of death	David Hopton (died 1492) was a Canon of Windsor from 1472 to 1492.	David Hopton	1492
date of death	James of Lausanne (died 1321) was the superior of the Dominican order in France from 1318 until his death in 1321.	James of Lausanne	1321
date of death	Ultimately, Oboi and his ally Banbursan produced a list of 24 crimes allegedly committed by Suksaha and ordered for him to be put to death by hanging in 1667.	Suksaha	1667
date of death	King Minjung of Goguryeo (? - 48, r. 44-48) was the fourth ruler of Goguryeo, the northernmost of the Three Kingdoms of Korea.	Minjung of Goguryeo	48
date of death	Louis Combet (1927--2004) was a French scholar of Spanish language and culture with a special expertise on the study of proverbs.	Louis Combet	2004
date of death	Nobin Chandra Das (1845--1925) was a notable Bengali confectioner, entrepreneur, businessman and Bengali cultural icon of the second half of 19th century and early 20th century.	Nobin Chandra Das	1925
date of death	Giuseppe Vincenzo Ciaccio (15 October 1824 in Catanzaro -- 15 June 1901 in Bologna) was an Italian anatomist and histologist.	Giuseppe Vincenzo Ciaccio	15 June 1901
date of death	Andy McPartland (25 November 1915 -- 2 May 1990) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Essendon in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Andy McPartland	2 May 1990
date of death	On 11 December 1962 Ronald Turpin, 29, was one of the two last people to be executed in Canada.	Ronald Turpin	11 December 1962
date of death	Hans Kraus (1905--1995) - physician, physical therapist, mountaineer, and alpinist - was a pioneer of modern rock climbing, as well as being one of the fathers of sports medicine and physical medicine and rehabilitation.	Hans Kraus	1995
date of death	Charles Kerr, 2nd Earl of Ancram (1624 -- September 1690) was a Scottish peer and a member of the English House of Commons.	Charles Kerr, 2nd Earl of Ancram	1690
date of death	Marina Galina (died 1420), was the Dogaressa of Venice by marriage to the Doge Michele Steno (r. 1400-1413).	Marina Galina	1420
date of death	Sidney Gilliat (15 February 1908 -- 31 May 1994) was a British film director, producer and writer.	Sidney Gilliat	31 May 1994
date of death	Hinko Urbach (1872--1960) was Zagreb Chief Rabbi.	Hinko Urbach	1960
date of death	Johan Frederik Steffensen (28 February 1873 in Copenhagen -- 20 December 1961) was a Danish mathematician, statistician, and actuary who did research in the fields of calculus of finite differences and interpolation.	Johan Frederik Steffensen	1961
date of death	Bhupi Sherchan (1937-1990) (1993 B.S. -- 2046 B.S.) was a Nepalese poet.	Bhupi Sherchan	1990
date of death	Abbé Marius Chaîne (10 August 1873 -- 19 January 1960) was a French scholar of Ethiopic and Coptic philology.	Marius Chaîne	19 January 1960
date of death	Ena Twigg (1914-1984) was a British psychic medium.	Ena Twigg	1984
date of death	Johann Christian Eberlein (1770--1815), a German painter, was born at Göttingen about 1770, and died there in 1815.	Johann Christian Eberlein	1815
date of death	Anthony Alsop was born about 1670 and died in Winchester on 10 June 1726.	Anthony Alsop	10 June 1726
date of death	Roland Weitzenböck (26 May 1885 -- 24 July 1955) was an Austrian mathematician working on differential geometry who introduced the Weitzenböck connection.	Roland Weitzenböck	24 July 1955
date of death	Kenneth Mackenzie, 3rd Earl of Seaforth (1635--1678) was a Highland clan chief and Scottish nobleman, who adhered faithfully to Charles II through his tribulations.	Kenneth Mackenzie, 3rd Earl of Seaforth	1678
date of death	Olivia Shakespear (born Olivia Tucker; 17 March 1863 -- 3 October 1938) was a British novelist, playwright, and patron of the arts.	Olivia Shakespear	3 October 1938
date of death	Nur Mohammad Sheikh (Bengali: নূর মোহাম্মদ শেখ; 26 February 1936 -- 5 September 1971) was a Lance Nayek in East Pakistan Rifles during the Liberation War.	Nur Mohammad Sheikh	5 September 1971
date of death	Leah Hing (1907--2001), the first Chinese American woman to earn her pilot's license, was born in Portland, Oregon.	Leah Hing	2001
date of death	Ernest Leroy Nocho (14 January 1919 -- 4 September 1997), better known by his stage name Lobo Nocho, was an African-American émigré jazz singer and painter in Europe.	Lobo Nocho	4 September 1997
date of death	Nikolai Aleksandrovich Shanin (Russian: Николай Александрович Шанин) (25 May 1919 Pskov -- 17 September 2011) was a Russian mathematician who worked on topology and constructive mathematics.	Nikolai Aleksandrovich Shanin	17 September 2011
date of death	Lewis de Charleton (or Lewis Charlton, Lewes de Cherlton; died 23 May 1369) was a medieval Bishop of Hereford in England.	Lewis de Charleton	23 May 1369
date of death	Mieszko Bolesławowic (c. 1069--1089) was the only son of Bolesław II the Bold, King of Poland.	Mieszko Bolesławowic	1089
date of death	Ot of Urgell (sometimes called Odó or Dot) (c. 1065 -- 1122) was a bishop of Urgell; he was from the family of the counts of Pallars Sobirà.	Ot of Urgell	1122
date of death	Bao Guancheng (simplified Chinese: 鮑観澄; traditional Chinese: 鲍观澄; pinyin: Bào Guānchéng; Wade--Giles: Pao Kuan-ch'eng; Hepburn: Hō Kanchō; 1898--1975) was a Manchukuo politician, who served as mayor of Harbin and ambassador to Japan.	Bao Guancheng	1975
date of death	Hans Jacob Arnold Jensen (12 September 1777 -- 3 October 1853) was a Norwegian military officer and politician.	Hans Jacob Arnold Jensen	3 October 1853
date of death	David Cuthbert Thomas (1895-18 March 1916) was a Welsh soldier of the First World War.	David Cuthbert Thomas	1916
date of death	Stephen Hawes (died 1523) was a popular English poet during the Tudor period who is now little known.	Stephen Hawes	1523
date of death	Jerry Toth (15 November 1928 -- 31 March 1999) was a Canadian saxophonist, clarinetist, flutist, arranger, composer, and record producer.	Jerry Toth	31 March 1999
date of death	Toivo Mäkelä (26 September 1909 -- 20 April 1979) was a Finnish film actor, appearing in 54 films between 1951 and 1979.	Toivo Mäkelä	20 April 1979
date of death	Baron Péter Schell de Bauschlott (5 September 1898 -- 2 March 1974) was a Hungarian politician, who served as Interior Minister in 1944.	Péter Schell	2 March 1974
date of death	Jim Pope (2 October 1933 - August 2001) was an English radio and television continuity announcer and voice over artist.	Jim Pope	2001
date of death	Nicholas Stone (1586/87 -- 24 August 1647) was an English sculptor and architect.	Nicholas Stone	24 August 1647
date of death	Norman Albert Mott, (April 4, 1855 -- 1920), was a member of the Mississippi Legislature in 1911.	Norman Albert Mott	1920
date of death	James Edward O'Conor CIE (died 8 January 1917) was a British colonial administrator.	James Edward O'Conor	8 January 1917
date of death	Viktor Pavičić (15 October 1898 -- 20 January 1943) was a Croatian military commander who led the 369th Reinforced Croatian Infantry Regiment, which fought on the Eastern Front and was involved in the Battle of Stalingrad during World War II.	Viktor Pavičić	20 January 1943
date of death	Kristian Hindhede (19 August 1891 -- 8 January 1969) was a Danish civil engineer and industrialist.	Kristian Hindhede	8 January 1969
date of death	Basri Dirimlili (7 June 1929 -- 14 September 1997), nicknamed Mehmetcik Basri, was a Turkish football player.	Basri Dirimlili	14 September 1997
date of death	Antonio Cappello (1494-1565) was a Venetian noble, a member of the San Polo branch of the Cappello family.	Antonio Cappello	1565
date of death	Michelle Morse (1982--2005) was an advocate for student health rights.	Michelle Morse	2005
date of death	Wu Yuxiang or Wu Yu-hsiang (1812--1880) was a Chinese t'ai chi ch'uan (taijiquan) teacher and government official active during the late Ch'ing dynasty.	Wu Yuxiang	1880
date of death	Ovadia Hedaya (Hebrew: עובדיה הדאיה‎, 24 December 1889 -- 8 February 1969) was a leading Israeli rabbi.	Ovadia Hedaya	8 February 1969
date of death	George Gertan Klauber (5 March 1932 -- 1 August 2008) was a British bit part character actor.	Gertan Klauber	1 August 2008
date of death	Guy Dejouany (1920 -- 14 November 2011) was the CEO of Compagnie Générale des Eaux, (currently known as Vivendi, a French company part of the CAC 40) from 1976 to 1995.	Guy Dejouany	14 November 2011
date of death	Empress Xin (辛皇后, personal name unknown) (died 761) was an empress and wife of Shi Siming, a general of the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty who became an emperor of the rebel Yan state during Anshi Rebellion.	Empress Xin	761
date of death	Conrad Kohrs, born Carsten Conrad Kohrs (August 5, 1835 -- 23 July 1920) was a Montana cattle rancher (cattle baron) and politician.	Conrad Kohrs	23 July 1920
date of death	Prince Frederick of Hesse-Kassel (11 September 1747 -- 20 May 1837) was a younger member of the dynasty that ruled the Landgraviate of Hesse-Kassel (or Hesse-Cassel) and a Danish general.	Prince Frederick of Hesse-Kassel	20 May 1837
date of death	Dr. Laurence Edmondston (9 February 1795 -- 7 March 1879) was a British-born naturalist and doctor who lived in Shetland, Scotland, United Kingdom.	Laurence Edmondston	1879
date of death	Alfredo Rullo Rizzotti, generally known as Alfredo Rizzotti (Serrana (São Paulo state) August 15, 1909 -- São Paulo May 12, 1972) was a Brazilian artist, that worked with painting, drawing and interior design.	Alfredo Rizzotti	1972
date of death	Charles Franklin Robertson (1835--1886) was the second Bishop of Missouri in The Episcopal Church.	Charles Franklin Robertson	1886
date of death	James Hannell (1 December 1813 -- 31 December 1876) was Newcastle's first auctioneer and later, an Australian politician, elected as a member of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly.	James Hannell	31 December 1876
date of death	Richard Goldsmith Meares (1780-1862) was an early landholder and public official at the Swan River Colony in Western Australia.	Richard Goldsmith Meares	1862
date of death	Dr Mark Cowley Lidwill (1878-1969) was a medical pioneer in anaesthesiology and cardiology, supported by physicist Edgar H Booth he invented the pacemaker.	Mark Cowley Lidwill	1969
date of death	Kanō Naganobu (狩野長信, 1577 -- 26 December 1654) was a Japanese painter of the Kanō school.	Kanō Naganobu	26 December 1654
date of death	Romola Sinha (1913--2010) was a noted women's right and social activist from Bengal, Calcutta, India.	Romola Sinha	2010
date of death	The Reverend Jacob Duché (1737--1798) was a Rector of Christ Church in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, and the first chaplain to the Continental Congress.	Jacob Duché	1798
date of death	Edward FitzGerald-Villiers (c. 1654 -- January 1693) was an Anglo-Irish soldier in the English Army from the Villiers family.	Edward FitzGerald-Villiers	1693
date of death	Jean Clark (26 September 1936, London, England -- 25 November 1970, City of London, England)played a test match for the England women's cricket team in 1968/69.	Jean Clark	1970
date of death	Otmar Suitner (16 May 1922 -- 8 January 2010) was an Austrian conductor who spent most of his professional career in East Germany.	Otmar Suitner	8 January 2010
date of death	Rolfe Arnold Scott-James (1878-1959) was a notable British journalist, editor and literary critic in early twentieth-century literature.	Rolfe Arnold Scott-James	1959
date of death	Mark Gerard (6 October 1934 -- 21 June 2011) was an American equine veterinarian.	Mark Gerard	21 June 2011
date of death	Amhlaoibh Mór mac Fir Bhisigh, Irish poet, cleric and historian, died 1138.	Amhlaoibh Mór mac Fir Bhisigh	1138
date of death	Szlama Grzywacz (1909-1944) was one of the members of the French resistance executed at the fort of Mont Valérien as a member of the Manouchian group, a volunteer of the French liberation army FTP-MOI.	Szlama Grzywacz	1944
date of death	Howard Alk (1930 -- January 1982) was a Chicago-based filmmaker.	Howard Alk	1982
date of death	Syed Rizwan Wasti (1937--2011) was a Pakistani television and film actor and presenter.	Rizwan Wasti	2011
date of death	Chung Tao Yang, or Chung-Tao Yang, Yang Zhongdao (Traditional Chinese: 楊忠道, Simplified Chinese: 杨忠道, Pinyin: Yáng Zhòngdào) (May 4, 1923 -- 2005), was a notable Chinese American topologist.	Chung Tao Yang	2005
date of death	Sir Charles Ashworth, KCB (died 1832) was an English major-general, prominent in the Peninsular War.	Charles Ashworth	1832
date of death	João Punaro Bley (November 14, 1900 in Montes Claros MG -- 1983) was a Brazilian military and public administrator.	João Punaro Bley	1983
date of death	Albert Poisson (1868--1893), was Romantic author, particularly interested in alchemy.	Albert Poisson	1893
date of death	Roger Ninféi (30 July 1916 -- 28 February 2003) was a Catholic Marianist priest from Moyeuvre-Grande, Lorraine.	Roger Ninféi	28 February 2003
date of death	Gilbert Fitz Richard (c. 1066--c. 1117), was styled de Clare, de Tonbridge, and Lord of Clare.	Gilbert Fitz Richard	1117
date of death	Michael Pakenham Edgeworth (24 May 1812 -- 30 July 1881) was an Irish botanist who specialized in seed plants and ferns, and spent most of his life and work in India.	Michael Pakenham Edgeworth	30 July 1881
date of death	Owen Wyn Owen (1925 -- 13 March 2012) was a Welsh automobile restorer and mechanic.	Owen Wyn Owen	March 2012
date of death	Robert Bollt (26 August 1971 -- 26 January 2010) was an American archaeologist, specializing in Pacific Archaeology.	Robert Bollt	26 January 2010
date of death	Mattio Rampollini (also Matteo) (?June 2, 1497 -- c. 1553) was an Italian composer of the Renaissance, active in Florence.	Mattio Rampollini	1553
date of death	Malika Pukhraj (Urdu: ملكہ پکھراج ‎) (born 1912 - died 2004) was a highly popular Ghazal and folk singer of Pakistan.	Malika Pukhraj	2004
date of death	Teófilo Stevenson Lawrence (29 March 1952 -- 11 June 2012) was a Cuban amateur boxer and engineer.	Teófilo Stevenson	11 June 2012
date of death	Sudhir Saha (1918--1998) was a wrestler, coach and wrestling administrator in India.	Sudhir Saha	1998
date of death	Mokkapati Narasimha Sastry (1892--1973) was an Indian novelist who wrote in the Telugu language.	Mokkapati Narasimha Sastry	1973
date of death	Sir Ignatius Valentine Chirol (28 May 1852 -- 22 October 1929) was a British journalist, prolific author, historian and diplomat.	Ignatius Valentine Chirol	22 October 1929
date of death	Thomas Scott Preston (23 July 1824 at Hartford, Connecticut -- 4 November 1891 at New York) was a Roman Catholic Vicar-General of New York, prothonotary Apostolic, chancellor, author, preacher, and administrator	Thomas Scott Preston	4 November 1891
date of death	Sven August Körling (14 April 1842 -- 17 October 1919) was a Swedish composer, remembered for his art songs.	Sven August Körling	17 October 1919
date of death	Fray Bernardino de Laredo (Seville, 1482 - San Francisco del Monte, Sevilla, 1540) was a physician and Franciscan mystical writer.	Bernardino de Laredo	1540
date of death	Philip Faber (Fabri) (1564, Spinata di Brisighella, Faenza -- Padua, 28 August 1630) was an Italian Franciscan theologian, philosopher and noted commentator on Duns Scotus.	Philip Faber	28 August 1630
date of death	William Locke Brockman (1802 -- 28 November 1872) was an early settler in Western Australia, who became a leading pastoralist and stock breeder, and a Member of the Western Australian Legislative Council.	William Locke Brockman	28 November 1872
date of death	Netanel Hochberg (Hebrew: נתנאל הוכברג‎; died May 1983) was an Israeli agronomist and expert in the growing of grapevine.	Netanel Hochberg	May 1983
date of death	Christian August Selmer (16 November 1816 -- 1 September 1889, at Bygdøy) was a Norwegian politician who served as a member of the Norwegian parliament, minister of defense, minister of justice, and prime minister.	Christian August Selmer	1 September 1889
date of death	Benjamin Ives Gilman (1852--1933) was the Secretary of the Boston Museum of Fine Arts from 1893 to 1925.	Benjamin Ives Gilman	1933
date of death	Cornelius Frederiks (died 16 February 1907) was a leader of the ǃAman (Bethanie Orlam), a subtribe of the Orlam people, in the southern area of German South-West Africa, today's Namibia.	Cornelius Frederiks	16 February 1907
date of death	Mercator Cooper (September 29, 1803 -- spring 1872) was a ship's captain who is credited with the first formal American visit to Tokyo, Japan and the first formal landing on the mainland East Antarctica.	Mercator Cooper	1872
date of death	Pierre Benoît Dumas (1668--1745) was the French Governor General for Pondichéry and Réunion.	Pierre Benoît Dumas	1745
date of death	Antoine Rodolphe Chevallier (1523--1572) was a French Protestant Hebraist, holder of teaching positions in England, and tutor in French and Hebrew to the future Elizabeth I of England.	Antoine Rodolphe Chevallier	1572
date of death	Rabbi Solomon Aaron Wertheimer (November 18, 1866 -- 1935), was a Hungarian rabbi, scholar, and seller of rare books.	Solomon Aaron Wertheimer	1935
date of death	Hikmet Fidan (1955? -- 6 July 2005), a Kurdish politician of Turkey, was the former deputy leader of the Democratic People's Party (HADEP) until it was banned by the Constitutional Court in 2003.	Hikmet Fidan	2005
date of death	Count Carl Edward Vilhelm Piper (1820 - 1891) was a Swedish nobleman and diplomat.	Carl Edward Vilhelm Piper	1891
date of death	Constance Cox (25 October 1912 -- 1998) was a British script writer.	Constance Cox	1998
date of death	William Beresford, 1st Baron Decies (16 April 1743 -- 6 September 1819) was an Anglo-Irish clergyman.	William Beresford, 1st Baron Decies	6 September 1819
date of death	Peter Goffin F.R.S.A. (28 February 1906 - 22 March 1974), was an English set and costume designer and stage manager, known for his work with the D'Oyly Carte Opera Company.	Peter Goffin	22 March 1974
date of death	Anne Burns (23 November 1915 -- 22 January 2001) was a British aeronautical engineer and glider pilot.	Anne Burns	22 January 2001
date of death	Fergus mac Áedáin (died 692) was king of Ulaid from 674.	Fergus mac Áedáin	692
date of death	Henry Houseley FRCO (20 September 1851-- 13 March 1925) was an English organist, composer and teacher, who moved to Denver, Colorado.	Henry Houseley	13 March 1925
date of death	Caroline Remond Putnam (1826-1908) was born a free woman in Massachusetts, of parents Nancy Lenox Remond, a cake maker and decorator, and John Remond of Salem, who became a merchant and caterer there.	Caroline Remond Putnam	1908
date of death	George Birkhead or Birket, alias Hall, Lambton, and Salvin (c.1553--1614) was an English Roman Catholic priest who served as the archpriest of England from 1608 until his death in 1614.	George Birkhead	1614
date of death	Wang Zhenfeng (王貞風) (436--479), formally Empress Gong (恭皇后, literally ``the respectful empress''), was an empress of the Chinese Liu Song Dynasty.	Wang Zhenfeng	479
date of death	Becky Zerlentes (July 8, 1970 -- April 3, 2005) was a professor of geography, amateur boxer, and martial artist.	Becky Zerlentes	2005
date of death	Cathrannach mac Cathal, possible King of Máenmaige, died 801.	Cathrannach mac Cathal	801
date of death	Józef Englicht (1891--1954) was a Polish Army lieutenant colonel and intelligence officer.	Józef Englicht	1954
date of death	Elizabeth Danvers née Neville, later Elizabeth Carey by remarriage (1545/50--1630), was an English noblewoman.	Elizabeth Danvers	1630
date of death	Sir Hedworth Williamson, 8th Baronet (25 March 1827, Florence, Grand Duchy of Tuscany -- 26 August 1900, Whitburn, County Durham) was a British diplomat and Liberal Party politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1864 to 1874.	Sir Hedworth Williamson, 8th Baronet	26 August 1900
date of death	Raja Sri Vijaya Raghunatha Tondaiman Bahadur (c May 1759 -- 1 February 1807) was the ruler of the pudukottai village from 30 December 1789 to 1 February 1807.	Vijaya Raghunatha Tondaiman	1 February 1807
date of death	Jackie Law, Sr (died 1959) was a professional association footballer who played as a striker for Airdrieonians and Queen of the South.	Jackie Law, Sr	1959
date of death	Joan Lestor, Baroness Lestor of Eccles (13 November 1931 -- 27 March 1998) was a British Labour politician.	Joan Lestor, Baroness Lestor of Eccles	27 March 1998
date of death	Menella Bute Smedley (1820--1877) was a novelist and poet.	Menella Bute Smedley	1877
date of death	Donald Simpson Bell VC (3 December 1890 -- 10 July 1916) was an English school teacher and professional footballer.	Donald Simpson Bell	10 July 1916
date of death	Gavril Stoyanov (Bulgarian: Гаврил Стоянов; 9 July 1929 -- 6 November 2005) was a Bulgarian football player and coach.	Gavril Stoyanov	6 November 2005
date of death	Henry IV of Neuhaus (also known as Henry IV of Hradec; Czech: Jindřich IV. z Hradce; 13 April 1442 -- 17 January 1507), was a member of the Telč branch of the noble von Neuhaus family.	Henry IV of Neuhaus	17 January 1507
date of death	Elemund (Latin: Elemundus, died 548) was king of the Gepids, an east Germanic people, during the first half of the 6th century.	Elemund	548
date of death	Frederick Charlwood Frye (1845-20 March 1914) was a British grocer and Liberal Party politician.	Frederick Charlwood Frye	20 March 1914
date of death	Lincoyan (c. 1519 Arauco - 1560 Cañete) was the Mapuche toqui that succeeded Ainavillo in 1550 after the defeat at the Battle of Penco.	Lincoyan	1560
date of death	Archibald Turner (1910 - 1990) was a Scottish footballer who played for Partick Thistle, Dumbarton and Kilmarnock.	Archibald Turner	1990
date of death	Lalit Mehta (1972--2008) was an Indian RTI activist, who was killed brutally near Palamau on May 14, 2008.	Lalit Mehta	2008
date of death	V. K. R. V. Rao (Vijayendra Kasturi Ranga Varadaraja Rao), కస్తూరి రంగా వరదరాజ రావు (1908--1991) was a prominent Indian economist, politician, professor and educator.	V. K. R. V. Rao	1991
date of death	Anton Ažbe (30 May 1862 -- 5 or 6 August 1905) was a Slovene realist painter and teacher of painting.	Anton Ažbe	6 August 1905
date of death	Marmais (Bulgarian: Мармаис; died 924) was a Bulgarian military commander, nobleman and komita (duke) of a western Bulgarian region (Sredets or Macedonia) during the reign of Emperor Simeon I (893--927).	Marmais	924
date of death	Carlo Di Palma (17 April 1925 -- 9 July 2004) was an Italian cinematographer, renowned for his work on both color and black-and-white films, whose most famous collaborations were with Michelangelo Antonioni and Woody Allen.	Carlo Di Palma	9 July 2004
date of death	Edward Nathan Calisch (1865, Toledo, Ohio - 1946, Richmond, Virginia) was a prominent American Reform Rabbi.	Edward Nathan Calisch	1946
date of death	Baccio Lomi (circa 1550--1595) was an Italian painter of the late-Renaissance period, active mainly in town of Pisa, in the region of Tuscany of Italy.	Baccio Lomi	1595
date of death	Abraham Matthews (November 1832- 1 April 1899) was a Welsh Independent (Congregationalist) minister and one of the founders of the Welsh settlement in Patagonia.	Abraham Matthews	1 April 1899
date of death	Vladimir Shelkov (1895--1980) was a Christian preacher and Seventh-day Adventist leader in the former Soviet Union.	Vladimir Shelkov	1980
date of death	Herbert Brean (1907 -- 1973) was an American journalist and crime fiction writer, best known for his recurring series characters William Deacon and Reynold Frame.	Herbert Brean	1973
date of death	Khalil Beidas (Arabic خليل بيدس, also transliterated Khalil Bedas, Khalil Baydas, Khalil Beydas) (1874--1949) was a Palestinian Christian scholar, educator, translator and novelist.	Khalil Beidas	1949
date of death	John de Bayeux or de Baiocis (died 1249), was an English justice itinerant.	John de Bayeux	1249
date of death	Yuanwu Keqin (Chinese: 圜悟克勤; pinyin: Yuánwù Kèqín; Wade--Giles: Yuan-wu K'e-ch'in; Japanese: Engo Kokugon) (1063--1135) was a Han Chinese Chan monk who compiled the Blue Cliff Record.	Yuanwu Keqin	1135
date of death	Slava Ivančević (Слава Иванчевић; 10 June 1894? or 1908 -- 24 September 2013) was a Serbian woman claimed to have been aged 119 years, 106 days at her death, which if true could have made her the world's oldest person and second oldest person ever after Jeanne Calment.	Slava Ivančević	24 September 2013
date of death	Giovanni da San Giovanni (20 March 1592 -- 9 December 1636), also known as Giovanni Mannozzi, was an Italian painter of the early Baroque period.	Giovanni da San Giovanni	9 December 1636
date of death	Stefan Dragutin (Serbian: Стефан Драгутин; died 12 March 1316) was the King of Serbia from 1276 to 1282 and King of Syrmia (Srem) from 1282 to 1316.	Stefan Dragutin	12 March 1316
date of death	John Leifchild (1780--1862) was an English Congregational minister and writer.	John Leifchild	1862
date of death	Rabbi Simcha Zissel Ziv Broida (Hebrew: שמחה זיסל זיו‎; 1824--1898), also known as the Alter of Kelm (the Elder of Kelm), was one of the foremost students of Rabbi Yisrael Salanter and one of the early leaders of the Musar movement.	Simcha Zissel Ziv	1898
date of death	Although Hrelja once again recognized Dušan's suzerainty and ceded the city of Melnik, he died on 27 December 1342 in the Rila Monastery.	Hrelja	27 December 1342
date of death	Mark Hovell (21 March 1888 -- 12 August 1916) was a lecturer in history at the Victoria University of Manchester and the Workers Educational Association.	Mark Hovell	12 August 1916
date of death	Sidney Lewine (1915--2003) was director of the former Mount Sinai Hospital in Cleveland, Ohio.	Sidney Lewine	2003
date of death	Helen Makower (1 June 1910 in London -- 17 May 1998 in Marlborough, Wiltshire) was a British economist.	Helen Makower	17 May 1998
date of death	Edwin Ransford (13 March 1805 -- 22 November 1876) was an English singer and composer.	Edwin Ransford	22 November 1876
date of death	Francisco Núñez Melián (died 13 April 1644) was a Spanish adventurer and royal administrator.	Francisco Núñez Melián	13 April 1644
date of death	Gunnar Åström (1904--1952) was a Finnish international footballer who earned 43 caps at international level between 1923 and 1937, scoring 16 goals.	Gunnar Åström	1952
date of death	John Stewart, 1st Earl of Atholl (c. 1440 -- 15 September 1512), also known as Sir John Stewart of Balveny, was a Scottish nobleman and ambassador to England (in 1484).	John Stewart, 1st Earl of Atholl	15 September 1512
date of death	Walter Grimshaw (12 March 1832 -- 27 December 1890) was a 19th-century British composer of chess problems.	Walter Grimshaw	27 December 1890
date of death	Dr. Norman G. Gaylord (1923-2007) was an American industrial chemist notable for a major improvement to contact lenses - he developed a new rigid material, siloxane-methacrylate whose permeable qualities made it applicable to the production of contact lenses.	Norman G. Gaylord	2007
date of death	Jose Barrera (1876 -- 1949) became famous as Wild West showman ``Mexican Joe''.	Mexican Joe	1949
date of death	Margrethe von der Lippe (née Lund; 9 July 1913 -- 10 March 1999) was a Norwegian ceramist.	Margrethe von der Lippe	10 March 1999
date of death	Air Chief Marshal Sir Alfred Earle GBE, CB (11 December 1907 -- 27 March 1990) was a senior officer in the Royal Air Force during the Second World War who later served as Vice-Chief of the Defence Staff (1964--66).	Alfred Earle	27 March 1990
date of death	Georg Reichwein, Jr. (1630--1710) was a military government official.	Georg Reichwein	1710
date of death	Syed Manzoor ul Hassan Hashmi (31 March 1936 -- 20 December 2000) was a Pakistani pilot and philosopher.	Syed Manzoor ul Hassan Hashmi	20 December 2000
date of death	Isaac Andreyevich Chatzkin (born 1832, died at Odessa June, 1902) was a Russian Jewish physician.	Isaac Andreyevich Chatzkin	1902
date of death	Monica Furlong (17 January 1930 -- 14 January 2003) was a British author, journalist, and activist.	Monica Furlong	14 January 2003
date of death	Arthur Ingram, 3rd Viscount of Irvine (25 January 1666 -- 21 June 1702) was an English Member of Parliament and peer.	Arthur Ingram, 3rd Viscount of Irvine	21 June 1702
date of death	Jacob David Hoppe (1813 -- 1853) was a 19th-century Californian newspaperman and politician.	Jacob David Hoppe	1853
date of death	Hodo Sokoli (1836--1883) born Hodo Dervishi was an Albanian colonel of the Ottoman Empire and later one of the leaders of the League of Prizren.	Hodo Sokoli	1883
date of death	Jovinian (Latin: Jovinianus; died c. 405), was an opponent of Christian asceticism in the 4th century and was condemned as a heretic at synods convened in Rome under Pope Siricius and in Milan by St Ambrose in 393.	Jovinian	405
date of death	Francis Henry Sandbach (23 February 1903 - 18 September 1991), generally known as Harry Sandbach, was a British academic, who held the position of the Professor of Classics at the University of Cambridge, and a Fellow and Senior Tutor of Trinity College.	Harry Sandbach	18 September 1991
date of death	Dorning Rasbotham (c. 1730 -- 7 November 1791) was an English writer, antiquarian and artist.	Dorning Rasbotham	1791
date of death	André Toussaint was a Haitian singer and guitarist who emigrated to Nassau, Bahamas in 1953 and performed there until his death in 1981.	André Toussaint	1981
date of death	Edmund Gonville (died 1351) founded Gonville Hall in 1348, which later was re-founded by John Caius to become Gonville and Caius College.	Edmund Gonville	1351
date of death	Aladi Aruna was murdered during a morning walk near Alangulam, in Tirunelveli district on 31 December 2004.	Aladi Aruna	31 December 2004
date of death	West Digges (1720--1786) was an English actor who made his first stage appearance in Dublin in 1749 as Jaffier in Venice Preserv'd; and both there and in Edinburgh until 1764 he acted in many tragic roles with success.	West Digges	1786
date of death	Friedrich Tete Harens Tetens (T.H. Tetens) was a Jewish German journalist and writer who was born in Germany in 1899, emigrated to the United States after 1933 when the Nazis seized power in Germany, and died in 1976.	T.H. Tetens	1976
date of death	Carl Peter Wilhelm Gramberg (24 September 1797 -- 29 March 1830) was a German theologian and biblical scholar.	Carl Peter Wilhelm Gramberg	1830
date of death	Sahl ben Matzliah (Hebrew: סהל בן מצליח הכהן‎, Sahl Ben Matzliah HaCohen) (910--990), also known as Abu al-Sari was a Karaite philosopher and writer.	Sahl ben Matzliah	990
date of death	Thomas Malcolm Charlton FRSE (1923--1997) was a British civil engineer and historian.	Thomas Malcolm Charlton	1997
date of death	William FitzRoy, 3rd Duke of Cleveland, 2nd Duke of Southampton (19 February 1698 -- 18 May 1774) was an English nobleman, styled Earl of Chichester from birth until 1730.	William FitzRoy, 3rd Duke of Cleveland	18 May 1774
date of death	Hugh Stuart Boyd (1781-1848), was an English scholar of Greek, who taught Elizabeth Barrett Browning.	Hugh Stuart Boyd	1848
date of death	Theophanes the Branded also called Theophanes Graptus or Theophanes of Nicaea (775 - 845) was a Byzantine monk and hymnographer.	Theophanes the Branded	845
date of death	Najafqulu Khan I (Born 1696 -- died 1748) was the first khan of the Tabriz Khanate from 1747 to 1784.	Najafqulu Khan I	1748
date of death	Claude Mollet (ca. 1564 -- shortly before 1649), premier jardinier du Roy-- first gardener to three French kings, Henri IV, Louis XIII and the young Louis XIV--was a member of the Mollet dynasty of French garden designers in the seventeenth century.	Claude Mollet	1649
date of death	John Henry Rauch (4 September 1828, in Lebanon, Pennsylvania -- 24 March 1894, in Chicago) was an American sanitarian.	John Henry Rauch	24 March 1894
date of death	Tom Gourdie MBE, DA, FSSI (18 May 1913 -- 6 January 2005) was a prominent Scottish calligrapher, artist and teacher.	Tom Gourdie	6 January 2005
date of death	Janet Erskine Stuart, also known as Mother Janet Stuart, (11 November 1857, Cottesmore, Rutland, England -- 21 October 1914, Roehampton, England) was a Roman Catholic nun and educator.	Janet Erskine Stuart	21 October 1914
date of death	Milt Neil (died 1997), sometimes known as ``the Duck Man'', was a career character animator.	Milt Neil	1997
date of death	Ola Hermundsen Berge (31 December 1768 -- 28 December 1825) was a Norwegian rose painter.	Ola Hermundsen Berge	28 December 1825
date of death	Richard de Ferings (died 1306), was the archbishop of Dublin.	Richard de Ferings	1306
date of death	John Prophet (1356 --1416) was an English medieval Secretary to King Henry IV, Keeper of the Privy Seal and, Dean of Hereford and York.	John Prophet	1416
date of death	Charles Robert Malden (9 August 1797 -- 23 May 1855), was a nineteenth-century British naval officer, surveyor and educator.	Charles Robert Malden	23 May 1855
date of death	Karl Friedrich Schinkel (13 March 1781 -- 9 October 1841) was a Prussian architect, city planner, and painter who also designed furniture and stage sets.	Karl Friedrich Schinkel	9 October 1841
date of death	Heinrich Moritz Gaede, also Henri-Maurice Gaede (26 March 1795 -- January 1834), was a German naturalist and entomologist.	Heinrich Moritz Gaede	1834
date of death	Henry Schultze (1893 -- 1959) was an American academic and former president of Calvin College in Grand Rapids, Michigan.	Henry Schultze	1959
date of death	Lutz Hoffmann (30 January 1959 -- 5 December 1997) was an East German gymnast and Olympic silver medalist.	Lutz Hoffmann	5 December 1997
date of death	Léon Levavasseur (8 January 1863 -- 26 February 1922) was a French powerplant engineer, aircraft designer and inventor.	Léon Levavasseur	26 February 1922
date of death	Thomas Dunman (1814 - 1887) was the first Commissioner of Police in Singapore from 1856 to 1871.	Thomas Dunman	1887
date of death	Elijah Parish (November 7, 1762-- October 15, 1825) was a New England clergyman of the early nineteenth century.	Elijah Parish	1825
date of death	James Nares (19 April 1715 -- 10 February 1783) was an English composer of mostly sacred vocal works, though he also composed for the harpsichord and organ.	James Nares	10 February 1783
date of death	Stubbins Ffirth (1784--1820) was an American trainee doctor notable for his unusual investigations into the cause of yellow fever.	Stubbins Ffirth	1820
date of death	Saadia Marciano (Hebrew: סעדיה מרציאנו‎, Arabic: سعدية مارسيانو‎; 1 May 1950 -- 21 December 2007) was an Israeli social activist and politician, and founder of the Israeli Black Panthers.	Saadia Marciano	21 December 2007
date of death	Thomas Neel (died 1414) of Chichester, Sussex, was an English politician.	Thomas Neel	1414
date of death	Madan Lal Dhingra was hanged on 17 August 1909.	Madan Lal Dhingra	17 August 1909
date of death	Eino Olkinuora (11 November 1915 in Kaukola -- 20 October 1941) was a Finnish cross-country skier who competed in the 1930s.	Eino Olkinuora	20 October 1941
date of death	Robert Hobart, 4th Earl of Buckinghamshire PC (6 May 1760 -- 4 February 1816), styled Lord Hobart from 1793 to 1804, was a British Tory politician of the late 18th and early 19th century.	Robert Hobart, 4th Earl of Buckinghamshire	4 February 1816
date of death	Samuel French (1821--1898) was a U.S. entrepreneur who, together with British actor, playwright and theatrical manager Thomas Hailes Lacy, pioneered in the field of theatrical publishing and the licensing of plays.	Samuel French	1898
date of death	Fay Gale AO (13 June 1932 -- 3 May 2008) was an Australian cultural geographer and an emeritus professor.	Fay Gale	3 May 2008
date of death	Nikolay Iudovich Ivanov (Russian: Никола́й Иу́дович Ивано́в; 3 August 1851 -- 27 January 1919) was a general in the Imperial Russian Army during World War I.	Nikolay Iudovich Ivanov	27 January 1919
date of death	Aksentije Bacetić (Serbian Cyrillic: Аксентије Бацетић, 27 February 1860--16 June 1905), known as Baceta (Бацета), was a Serbian secret agent and Chetnik commander in Macedonia.	Baceta	16 June 1905
date of death	Juan de Alfaro y Gamez (1643--1680) was a Spanish painter of the Baroque.	Juan de Alfaro y Gamez	1680
date of death	Henry Hall Dixon (16 May 1822, Warwick Bridge -- 16 March 1870, Kensington) was an English sporting writer known by his nom de plume, ``The Druid.''	Henry Hall Dixon	16 March 1870
date of death	Raymond Lafage (1656, Lisle-sur-Tarn -- 1684, near Toulouse) was a Baroque French artist, notable for his mythological prints and drawings.	Raymond Lafage	1684
date of death	Sir Lionel Copley (1648 -- 1693) was the 1st Royal Governor of Maryland from 1692 through his death in 1693.	Lionel Copley	1693
date of death	Theophiel Verbist (12 June 1823 -- 23 February 1868) was a Belgian Roman Catholic priest who founded the Congregation of the Immaculate Heart of Mary, a Roman Catholic missionary religious congregation of men.	Theophiel Verbist	23 February 1868
date of death	James Hart Wyld (1912--1953) was an American engineer and rocketry scientist.	James Hart Wyld	1953
date of death	Iñaki Kijera Zelarain (Donostia, Basque Country, 30 April 1961-Donostia, Basque Country, 1 September 1979) was shot dead by a member of the Spanish National Police in a demonstration in favor of Basque political prisoners and refugees.	Iñaki Kijera Zelarain	1979
date of death	Francis Seymour, 5th Duke of Somerset (17 January 1658 -- 20 April 1678), known as 3rd Baron Seymour of Trowbridge between 1665 and 1675, was an English peer.	Francis Seymour, 5th Duke of Somerset	20 April 1678
date of death	John Brodhead Beck (18 September 1794 Schenectady, New York -- 9 April 1851 Rhinebeck, New York) was a New York physician who was an authority on miscarriage, abortion, infant physiology, and associated forensic issues.	John Brodhead Beck	9 April 1851
date of death	Friedrich Count of Lippe-Biesterfeld (German: Friedrich Karl Oskar Heinrich Graf und Edler Herr zur Lippe-Biesterfeld; 10 May 1852 Mechernich - 15 August 1892) was Count of Lippe-Biesterfeld.	Friedrich Count of Lippe-Biesterfeld	15 August 1892
date of death	Alba Solís (born Ángela Herminia Lamberti; 18 October 1927 -- 3 February 2016) was an Argentine singer, actress and vedette.	Alba Solís	3 February 2016
date of death	Muhammad Nasir, commonly known as Hakim Nasir (d. 2007, Karachi, Pakistan), was an Urdu poet from Pakistan.	Hakim Nasir	2007
date of death	Thomas William Hall (1861 -- 12 June 1937) was a British Solicitor and philatelist who signed the Roll of Distinguished Philatelists in 1921.	Thomas William Hall	12 June 1937
date of death	Mary Giatra Lemou (Greek: Μαίρη Γιατρά Λεμού, 1915--1989) was an Egyptian-born Greek actress.	Mary Giatra Lemou	1989
date of death	Shapoor Gharib (in Persian: شاپور قریب, also spelled: Shapour Gharib or Qarib - born 1933 - died 5 June 2012) was an Iranian director and screenplay writer.	Shapoor Gharib	5 June 2012
date of death	Elwood Murray (1897-1988) was an American administrator and scientist in the field of speech communications and general semantics.	Elwood Murray	1988
date of death	Timothy Tow Siang Hui (28 December 1920 -- 20 April 2009) was a Singaporean pastor who founded the Bible-Presbyterian Church.	Timothy Tow	20 April 2009
date of death	Abu Bakr ibn al-Arabi or, in full Muḥammad b. ʿAbdallāh, Ibn al-ʿArabī al-Maʿāfirī, al-Išbīlī, Abū Bakr (Arabic: أبو بكر بن العربي‎ born in Sevilla in 1076 and died in Fez in 1148) was a judge and scholar of Maliki law from al-Andalus.	Abu Bakr ibn al-Arabi	1148
date of death	Thomas Gobert (Picardy, c.1600 - 26 September 1672) was a French priest and composer.	Thomas Gobert	26 September 1672
date of death	Joesoef Isak (15 July 1928 -- 15 August 2009) was an Indonesian publisher, translator, and left-wing intellectual.	Joesoef Isak	15 August 2009
date of death	Jacob Uziel (died 1630 in Zante) was a physician and poet of the 17th century.	Jacob Uziel	1630
date of death	Marguerite d'Oingt (probably 1240--11 February 1310) was a French Carthusian nun and celebrated mystic.	Marguerite d'Oingt	11 February 1310
date of death	Andrew Foulis (1712--18 September 1775) was a Scottish printer, brother of Robert Foulis.	Andrew Foulis	1775
date of death	Friedrich Wilhelm Eckhardt (25 February 1892 - 9 April 1961) was a German engineer and head of the design office for the Berliner Maschinenbau Aktien Gesellschaft vormals L. Schwartzkopff.	Friedrich Wilhelm Eckhardt	9 April 1961
date of death	Thomas Crowther (born 1794, Thornton, died 1859) was an evangelical clergyman in the Church of England, a friend of the Brontës, and the first vicar of the church of St John in the Wilderness in Cragg Vale from 1822 until his death in 1859.	Thomas Crowther	1859
date of death	Count Sebastiano de Montecuccoli, also spelt Montecucoli or Montecuculli (died 7 October 1536) was an Italian nobleman in the service of Francis I of France, executed for allegedly having poisoned the King's eldest son.	Sebastiano de Montecuccoli	7 October 1536
date of death	Bernard Amtmann (1907--1979), antiquarian bookseller, bibliographer, publisher and founder of Montreal Book Auctions in 1967 and the Antiquarian Booksellers Association of Canada in 1966, was born in Vienna, Austria in 1907.	Bernard Amtmann	1979
date of death	William Thomas Rickard VC, CGM (10 February 1828 -- 21 February 1905) was an English recipient of the Victoria Cross, the highest and most prestigious award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth forces.	William Thomas Rickard	21 February 1905
date of death	Alberto Bolaffi (15 November 1874 -- 26 September 1944) was an Italian philatelist and stamp dealer who in 1936 was added to the Roll of Distinguished Philatelists.	Alberto Bolaffi	26 September 1944
date of death	Georg Lenck (sometimes spelt Lembke) (7 November 1685 -- 22 March 1744) was a German musician.	Georg Lenck	22 March 1744
date of death	Sinan Hasani (Serbian Cyrillic: Синан Хасани; 14 May 1922 -- 28 August 2010) was a Yugoslav novelist, statesman, diplomat and a former President of Presidency Yugoslavia, a revolving form of executive leadership which rendered him the President of Yugoslavia at the time as well.	Sinan Hasani	28 August 2010
date of death	Joseph Parkes (22 January 1796 -- 11 August 1865) was an English political reformer.	Joseph Parkes	11 August 1865
date of death	Samuel Pearce (1766--1799) was an English Baptist minister, known as a hymn-writer.	Samuel Pearce	1799
date of death	Henry C. Jewell (1827--1908) was an official in the United States Department of the Treasury who was Chief of the Bureau of Engraving and Printing from 1876 to 1877.	Henry C. Jewell	1908
date of death	Lady Edith Blake (7 Feb 1846 -- 18 April 1926) was an Irish botanical illustrator and writer, noted for her work on the flora and fauna of countries such as Sri Lanka, The Bahamas, and Jamaica.	Edith Blake	18 April 1926
date of death	Christina Augusta Löwenhielm née von Fersen (10 March 1754 -- 8 April 1846), was a Swedish countess and courtier.	Augusta Löwenhielm	8 April 1846
date of death	Rodulfo del Valle, a.k.a., Don Fito, (1871--1948) was Mayor of Ponce, Puerto Rico, from 1918 to 1920.	Rodulfo del Valle	1948
date of death	Raúl Alberto Quijano (13 December 1923 - 14 April 2006) was an Argentine lawyer and diplomat who served as foreign minister during the last months of the administration of President Maria Estela Martinez de Peron.	Raúl Alberto Quijano	14 April 2006
date of death	Dom Fernando de Almada, 2nd Count of Avranches (in Portugal the title became indigenated as Conde de Avranches) (c. 1430 -- c. 29 April 1496) was a Portuguese nobleman.	Fernando de Almada, 2nd Count of Avranches	29 April 1496
date of death	Joseph Martin Reichard (23 September 1803 -- 14 May 1872) was a German politician and revolutionary.	Joseph Martin Reichard	14 May 1872
date of death	Guðbjartur Hannesson (3 June 1950 -- 23 October 2015) was an Icelandic politician and was welfare minister.	Guðbjartur Hannesson	23 October 2015
date of death	Howard West (1931 -- 3 December 2015) was an American TV producer, best known for his work with long-term partner George Shapiro, in producing and managing Jerry Seinfeld.	Howard West	3 December 2015
date of death	Ya'akov Frank (12 March 1913 -- 10 July 1993) was an Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for the Alignment between 1975 and 1977.	Ya'akov Frank	10 July 1993
date of death	St. George Jackson Mivart PhD M.D. FRS (30 November 1827 -- 1 April 1900) was an English biologist.	St. George Jackson Mivart	1 April 1900
date of death	Max Lowenthal (1888--1971) was a Washington, DC political figure through the 1930s and 40's.	Max Lowenthal	1971
date of death	Jan Provoost, or Jean Provost, or Jan Provost (1462/65 -- January 1529) was a Belgian painter born in Wallonië (Mons).	Jan Provoost	1529
date of death	Dr Alexander Barclay (c. 1476 -- 10 June 1552) was an English/Scottish poet.	Alexander Barclay	10 June 1552
date of death	Elie Lainé (1829-1911) was a French landscape architect, chiefly remembered for the restoration of the gardens at Vaux le Vicomte, the layout of the grounds at Waddesdon Manor and the creation of numerous parks and gardens for Léopold II, the king of Belgium.	Elie Lainé	1911
date of death	Ursula Southeil (c. 1488--1561) (also variously spelt as Ursula Southill, Ursula Soothtell or Ursula Sontheil), better known as Mother Shipton, is said to have been an English soothsayer, prophetess , and prostitute.	Mother Shipton	1561
date of death	Nicolai Benjamin Aall (1739--1798) was a Norwegian ship-owner and businessman.	Nicolai Benjamin Aall	1798
date of death	Thomas Brand Hollis (1719--1804), born Thomas Brand, was a British political radical and dissenter.	Thomas Brand Hollis	1804
date of death	Chellapilla Satyanarayana Sastry, better known as Chellapilla Satyam (1933 - 12 January 1989) was an Indian music director.	Chellapilla Satyam	12 January 1989
date of death	Timotheos Evangelinidis (Greek: Τιμόθεος Ευαγγελινίδης; Polychnitos, Lesbos, 23 April 1880 -- Istanbul, 6 October 1949), was a Greek priest and Greek Orthodox bishop who presided over the Metropolis of Australia and New Zealand from 1931 to 1947, and the Metropolis of Rhodes from 1947 to 1949.	Timotheos Evangelinidis	1949
date of death	Erhard Loretan (28 April 1959 -- 28 April 2011) was a Swiss mountain climber, often described as one of the greatest mountaineers of all times.	Erhard Loretan	28 April 2011
date of death	William Malachy Burke (4 August 1819 -- 13 August 1879) was an Irish physician and Registrar General.	William Malachy Burke	13 August 1879
date of death	James Albert Wales (30 August 1852 in Clyde, Ohio -- 6 December 1886 in New York) was a caricaturist.	James Albert Wales	6 December 1886
date of death	Mary Moody Emerson (August 23, 1774 - May 1, 1863) was known not only as her nephew Ralph Waldo Emerson's ``earliest and best teacher,'' but also as a ``spirited and original genius in her own right'' (Richardson on back cover of Origins).	Mary Moody Emerson	1863
date of death	Arthur Wynne (June 22, 1871 -- January 14, 1945) was the British-born inventor of the modern crossword puzzle.	Arthur Wynne	1945
date of death	Charlotte Lyon-Bowes, Lady Glamis (née Grimstead) (22 January 1797 -- 19 January 1881) was a daughter of Joseph Valentine Grimstead, of Ewood Park and Merry Hall, and Charlotte Jane Sarah Walsh.	Charlotte Lyon-Bowes, Lady Glamis	19 January 1881
date of death	Wanda Klaff (6 March 1922 -- 4 July 1946) was a Nazi camp overseer.	Wanda Klaff	4 July 1946
date of death	Moshe Maimon (also Moses Lvovich Maimon; Russian: Моисей Львович Маймон; 1860 -- 1924) was a Jewish - Russian painter who was born in Belarus, then part of the Russian Empire.	Moshe Maimon	1924
date of death	Casimir I of Oświęcim (Polish: Kazimierz I Oświęcimski) (1396 -- 7 April 1434) was a Duke of Oświęcim since 1406 (under regency until 1414), ruler over Toszek (from 1414) and Strzelin (during 1416--1427).	Casimir I of Oświęcim	7 April 1434
date of death	Anna Sophie Charlotte of Brandenburg-Schwedt (24 December 1706 -- 3 January 1751), was a German noblewoman and member of the House of Hohenzollern and by marriage Duchess of Saxe-Eisenach.	Anna Sophie Charlotte of Brandenburg-Schwedt	3 January 1751
date of death	Hafeez Ahmed Khan (d. 2006) was an Indian classical musician of Hindustani classical music.	Hafeez Ahmed Khan	2006
date of death	Sir Hermann Gollancz (1852 -- 15 October 1930) was a British rabbi and Hebrew scholar.	Hermann Gollancz	15 October 1930
date of death	Edward Coke Crow (December 19, 1861 -- May 9, 1945) was a United States Democratic Attorney General from the state of Missouri.	Edward Coke Crow	1945
date of death	Henryk Kuna (c.1885 -- 17 December 1945) was a sculptor, active in the early twentieth century.	Henryk Kuna	17 December 1945
date of death	Ebenezer Erskine (22 June 1680 -- 2 June 1754) was a Scottish minister whose actions led to the establishment of the Secession Church (formed by dissenters from the Church of Scotland).	Ebenezer Erskine	2 June 1754
date of death	Matthew Kellison (c. 1560 -- 21 January 1642) was an English Roman Catholic theologian and controversialist, and a reforming president of the English College, Douai.	Matthew Kellison	1642
date of death	Zhang Guangjian (Chinese: 張廣建) (1864/1867 -- 1938) was a Chinese politician of the late Qing Dynasty and early Republican period.	Zhang Guangjian	1938
date of death	Bartolino da Padova (also ``Magister Frater Bartolinus de Padua'') (fl. ca. 1365 -- ca. 1405) was an Italian composer of the late 14th century.	Bartolino da Padova	1405
date of death	Robert P. Pula (1928--2004) was a Director Emeritus of the Institute of General Semantics, author of A General-Semantics Glossary, and a composer.	Robert P. Pula	2004
date of death	Allan Adler (1916--2002) was an American silversmith.	Allan Adler	2002
date of death	Kaisa Sere (1954 -- 5 December 2012) was a Finnish computer scientist, specialising in research into formal methods.	Kaisa Sere	5 December 2012
date of death	Thomas Jayes (17 April 1877 -- 16 April 1913) was an English first-class cricketer who played for Leicestershire between 1903 and 1911.	Thomas Jayes	16 April 1913
date of death	Gerda Helena Wrede-Paischeff (26 November 1896 -- 17 November 1967), better known as Gerda Wrede, was a Finnish actor and speech therapist.	Gerda Wrede	1967
date of death	Burislav, Burisleif, Burysław (died 1008) is the name of a mythical Wendish king from Scandinavian sagas who is said to rule over Wendland.	Burislav	1008
date of death	Roque Balduque (or Roque de Balduque) (died February 1561) was a sculptor and maker of altarpieces.	Roque Balduque	1561
date of death	The second, for 721, reports the death of ``Dúnchad Bec, king of Cenn Tíre''.	Dúnchad Bec	721
date of death	Joachim Wilhelm Franz Philipp von Holtzendorff (October 14, 1829 -- February 4, 1889), German jurist, born at Vietmannsdorf (a village in Templin), in the Mark of Brandenburg, was descended from a family of the old nobility.	Joachim Wilhelm Franz Philipp von Holtzendorff	1889
date of death	Jack Franses (1927--2010) was a world expert on Islamic art, carpets and textiles.	Jack Franses	2010
date of death	Major General Sir William Orfeur Cavenagh KCSI (1820--1891), known as Sir Orfeur Cavenagh, was the last India-appointed Governor of the Straits Settlements, who governed the Settlements from 1859 to 1867.	William Orfeur Cavenagh	1891
date of death	Sir Bryan Clieve Roberts KCMG, QC (22 March 1923 -- 6 December 1996) was a British lawyer, civil servant and colonial administrator.	Bryan Clieve Roberts	6 December 1996
date of death	Jules Noël (27 January 1903 -- 19 May 1940) was a French athlete who competed in discus and shot put at two European Athletics Championships and three Olympic Games.	Jules Noël	19 May 1940
date of death	Andrzej Gawroński (20 June 1885 in Geneva -- 11 January 1927 in Józefów, in the vicinity of Warsaw) was a Polish Indologist, linguist and polyglot.	Andrzej Gawroński	11 January 1927
date of death	Edward Sutton, 5th Baron Dudley (1567--1643) was a major landowner, mainly in Staffordshire and Worcestershire, and briefly a Member of the House of Commons of England.	Edward Sutton, 5th Baron Dudley	1643
date of death	Samuel C. Bennett (ca. 1810 -- May 1893) was an English-born physician and leader in the early Latter Day Saint movement.	Samuel C. Bennett	May 1893
date of death	Charles Ernest Weatherburn (18 June 1884 -- 18 October 1974) was an Australian-born mathematician.	Charles Ernest Weatherburn	18 October 1974
date of death	Sir Francis Fleming KCMG (31 July 1842 -- 1922) (Chinese: 菲林明) was a British colonial administrator.	Francis Fleming	1922
date of death	Tarak Mekki (طارق المكي‎ 27 June 1958 -- 31 December 2012) was a Tunisian businessman and political figure.	Tarak Mekki	31 December 2012
date of death	Riad al-Saray (1975 -- 7 September 2010) was an Iraqi journalist, television presenter, lawyer and politician.	Riad al-Saray	7 September 2010
date of death	Alexander Boswell, Lord Auchinleck, 8th Laird of Auchinleck (1706--1782) was a judge of the supreme courts of Scotland.	Alexander Boswell, Lord Auchinleck	1782
date of death	Grigore Iunian (September 30, 1882--1939) was a Romanian left-wing politician and lawyer.	Grigore Iunian	1939
date of death	Simon Fish (died 1531) was a 16th-century Protestant reformer and English propagandist.	Simon Fish	1531
date of death	Saint Arcangelo Tadini (12 October 1846 - 20 May 1912) was an Italian Roman Catholic priest who was beatified on 3 October 1999 and later canonized as a saint on 26 April 2009.	Arcangelo Tadini	20 May 1912
date of death	Henry Caesar (2 October 1630 -- 6 January 1668 ) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons in 1660 and 1666 through 1668.	Henry Caesar	6 January 1668
date of death	Singai Pararasasegaram (Tamil: சிங்கைப் பரராசசேகரன்) (died 1519), apart from Cankili I (1519--1561), was one of the most well known kings of the later Aryacakravarti kings of the Jaffna kingdom.	Singai Pararasasegaram	1519
date of death	Vallathol Narayana Menon (16 October 1878 -- 13 March 1958) was a poet in the Malayalam language, which is spoken in the south Indian state of Kerala.	Vallathol Narayana Menon	13 March 1958
date of death	Hugh Spencer Daniel (December 26, 1923 -- October 1942) was a United States Marine Corps Reservist who was posthumously awarded the Navy Cross.	Hugh Spencer Daniel	1942
date of death	Sir Ralph Clare (1589--1670) was an English courtier and politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1614 and 1628.	Ralph Clare	1670
date of death	Helena Molony (15 January 1883 -- 28 January 1967) was a prominent Irish republican, feminist and labour activist.	Helena Molony	28 January 1967
date of death	Ted Lockwood (May 19, 1945 -- 2005) was an aesthetic plastic surgeon in private practice and clinical assistant professor of plastic surgery at the University of Kansas Medical School, Kansas City, Kansas.	Ted Lockwood	2005
date of death	William Samuel Symonds (13 December 1818 -- 15 September 1887), English geologist, was born in Hereford.	William Samuel Symonds	15 September 1887
date of death	Lee Harrison III (1929--1998) was a pioneer in analog electronic animation.	Lee Harrison III	1998
date of death	Leonhard Kaupisch (1 September 1878 -- 26 September 1945) was a German General der Flieger whose military service spanned almost five decades.	Leonhard Kaupisch	26 September 1945
date of death	Nasiha Kapidžić-Hadžić (6 December 1932 -- 22 September 1995) was a Bosnian children's author and poet.	Nasiha Kapidžić-Hadžić	22 September 1995
date of death	Jesse Boyce Holleman (February 26, 1924 -- November 21, 2003) was an American war veteran, attorney, politician, and actor.	Boyce Holleman	2003
date of death	Anders Rapp (1927--1998) was a Swedish geomorphologist and geographer who pioneered quantitative geomorphological approach on mass movements and erosion.	Anders Rapp	1998
date of death	Gilbert Byng Alwyne Russell (1 June 1875 - 28 May 1942) was a British banker and military man, who made his home at Mottisfont.	Gilbert Byng Alwyne Russell	28 May 1942
date of death	Ralph Banks (20 June 1920 -- 1 October 1993) was an English footballer.	Ralph Banks	1 October 1993
date of death	John na Seamar Burke, aka John of the Shamrocks Burke, Baron Leitrim, died 1583.	John na Seamar Burke	1583
date of death	John Friar (18 July 1911 -- 22 May 1979) was a Scottish footballer who played on the right-wing.	John Friar	22 May 1979
date of death	Yousuf Hussain Khan (1902--1979), born in Hyderabad, India, was a noted historian, scholar, educationist, critic and author.	Yousuf Hussain Khan	1979
date of death	William Neile (7 December 1637 -- 24 August 1670) was an English mathematician and founder member of the Royal Society.	William Neile	24 August 1670
date of death	John Comer (1 March 1924 -- 11 February 1984) was a British comedic actor.	John Comer	11 February 1984
date of death	Edward Turnour, 5th Earl Winterton (15 August 1837 -- 5 September 1907) was an Irish peer and cricketer.	Edward Turnour, 5th Earl Winterton	1907
date of death	Annie Haven Thwing (July 4, 1851 -- June 5, 1940), also known as A.H. Thwing or Anne Haven Thwing, was an American historian and children's author.	Annie Haven Thwing	1940
date of death	Margret Craver (October 11, 1907--November 22, 2010) was an American artist and arts educator.	Margret Craver	2010
date of death	Henry Mort (23 December 1818 -- 6 September 1900) was a pastoralist, businessman, and politician in Queensland and New South Wales, Australia.	Henry Mort	6 September 1900
date of death	Béla Mezőssy (13 November 1870 -- 19 January 1939) was a Hungarian politician, who served as Secretary of Agriculture from 1906 to 1910 and Minister of Agriculture between 1917 and his retirement in 1918.	Béla Mezőssy	19 January 1939
date of death	Louis Kuhne (14 March 1835 -- 4 April 1901) was a German naturopath primarily known for his cold water hydrotherapy methods that were meant to improve detoxification functions of the body by stimulation of the lower abdomen.	Louis Kuhne	1901
date of death	Béla Guttmann (Hungarian pronunciation: (ˈbeːlɒ ˈɡutmɒnː); 27 January 1899 -- 28 August 1981) was a Hungarian footballer and coach.	Béla Guttmann	28 August 1981
date of death	Richard Simkin (1850--1926) was a British artist and illustrator of military uniforms.	Richard Simkin	1926
date of death	Archibald Ross Lewis (1914-1990) was a historian, World War II Veteran, professor, and author.	Archibald Ross Lewis	1990
date of death	Johannes Wilde (2 July 1891 -- 13 September 1970) was a Hungarian art historian and teacher of art history.	Johannes Wilde	13 September 1970
date of death	John Fullartine (c. 1652 -- October 1738) was governor of the Hudson's Bay Company in the James Bay area of Canada.	John Fullartine	October 1738
date of death	Rużar Briffa (1906 -- 1963) was a Maltese poet and dermatologist, and a major figure in Maltese literature.	Rużar Briffa	1963
date of death	Jeanne Paquin (French pronunciation: ​(ʒan pakɛ̃)) (1869--1936) was a leading French fashion designer, known for her resolutely modern and innovative designs.	Jeanne Paquin	1936
date of death	Anton Jervell (14 June 1901 -- 29 December 1987) was a Norwegian physician, politician and organizational leader.	Anton Jervell	29 December 1987
date of death	James Clegg, M.D. (1679--1755) was an English presbyterian minister and author.	James Clegg	1755
date of death	Johannes Crewe, more widely known by his stage name Hans Moretti (24 July 1928 -- 13 March 2013) was an illusionist and escapologist.	Hans Moretti	13 March 2013
date of death	Károly Sándor (26 November 1928 -- 10 September 2014) was a Hungarian international footballer who earned 75 caps between 1949 and 1964, scoring 27 goals.	Károly Sándor	10 September 2014
date of death	Kelly Groucutt (born Michael William Groucutt; 8 September 1945 -- 19 February 2009) was an English musician who was best known for being the bassist and co-lead vocalist for the English rock band Electric Light Orchestra (ELO), between 1974 and 1983.	Kelly Groucutt	19 February 2009
date of death	Joseph Pitt (1759--1842) was a British lawyer of humble origins who prospered as a property speculator, notably in Cheltenham, Gloucestershire, but also in Wiltshire, and who served as Tory MP for Cricklade, Wiltshire 1812--1831.	Joseph Pitt	1842
date of death	Samuel Kurtz Hoffman (15 April 1902 -- 26 June 1995) was an American engineer who specialised in rocket propulsion.	Samuel Kurtz Hoffman	26 June 1995
date of death	Dame Elizabeth Cockayne (1894-1988) was Chief Nursing Officer from the inception of the National Health Service in 1948 until her retirement a decade later in 1958.	Elizabeth Cockayne	1988
date of death	Ashleigh Connor (3 September 1989 -- 21 July 2011) was an Australian soccer player, who played for the Central Coast Mariners in the Australian W-League.	Ashleigh Connor	21 July 2011
date of death	Gaspare Mattioli (1806--1843) was an Italian painter who worked in a Neoclassical style.	Gaspare Mattioli	1843
date of death	Empress Pan (died 252), personal name unknown, was an empress of the state of Eastern Wu during the Three Kingdoms period.	Empress Pan	252
date of death	Dubh Essa Bean Uí Dubhda, Queen of Ui Fiachrach Muaidhe, died 1190.	Dubh Essa Bean Uí Dubhda	1190
date of death	Moti Abba Jifar I was the first king of the Gibe Kingdom of Jimma (r. 1830--1855).	Abba Jifar I	1855
date of death	Betty Balfour (27 March 1903 -- 4 November 1977) was an English screen actress, popular during the silent era, and known as the ``British Mary Pickford'' and ``Britain's Queen of Happiness''.	Betty Balfour	4 November 1977
date of death	Pran Chopra (January 1921 -- 22 December 2013) was an Indian journalist, political analyst and newspaper editor.	Pran Chopra	22 December 2013
date of death	August Gottfried Ritter (25 August 1811 -- 26 August 1885) was a German romantic composer and organist.	August Gottfried Ritter	26 August 1885
date of death	Cornelius Burges or Burgess, D.D. (1589? -- 1665), was an English minister.	Cornelius Burges	1665
date of death	Shlomo Perlstein (Hebrew: שלמה פרלשטיין‎, born 2 September 1902, died 19 April 1979) was an Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset from 1951 until 1959, and again from 1961 until 1969.	Shlomo Perlstein	19 April 1979
date of death	Arthur Herbert, 1st Earl of Torrington (c. 1648 -- 13 April 1716) was an English admiral and politician of the late 17th and early 18th century.	Arthur Herbert, 1st Earl of Torrington	13 April 1716
date of death	Luigi Aldrovandi Marescotti, Count of Viano, LLD, (5 October 1876 -- 9 July 1945) was an Italian politician and diplomat.	Luigi Aldrovandi Marescotti	9 July 1945
date of death	Henryk Derczyński (1906-1981) was a photographer, who lived in Poland.	Henryk Derczyński	1981
date of death	Hasya Drori (Hebrew: חסיה דרורי‎, born Hasya Kupfermintz, 1899 -- 3 June 1976) was an Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for Mapai between 1949 and 1951.	Hasya Drori	3 June 1976
date of death	Karl Kordesch (18 March 1922 -- 12 January 2011) was an Austrian chemist and inventor, most notable for jointly inventing the alkaline battery.	Karl Kordesch	12 January 2011
date of death	Johann Wilhelm Drese (bapt. 8 July 1677; bur. 25 June 1745) was a German composer, son of Samuel Drese, who was Kapellmeister (capellmaster) at Weimar during the time J.S. Bach was active there from 1707, from 1714 as concertmaster.	Johann Wilhelm Drese	1745
date of death	Karin Magnussen (9 February 1908 -- 19 February 1997) was a German biologist, teacher and researcher at the Kaiser Wilhelm Institute of Anthropology, Human Heredity, and Eugenics during the Third Reich.	Karin Magnussen	19 February 1997
date of death	Wim Hora Adema (14 July 1914 -- 10 December 1998) was a Dutch author of children's literature and a feminist, notable for being the co-founder of Opzij, founded in 1972 as a radical feminist monthly magazine.	Wim Hora Adema	10 December 1998
date of death	William Henry Goodyear (1846--1923) was a noted architectural historian, art historian, and museum curator.	William Henry Goodyear	1923
date of death	Darius Kinsey (1869--1945) was a photographer active in western Washington State from 1890 to 1940.	Darius Kinsey	1945
date of death	Vincent Korda (22 June 1897 -- 4 January 1979) was a Hungarian-born art director, later settling in Britain.	Vincent Korda	4 January 1979
date of death	Margaret Pedler (died 28 December 1948) was a British novelist, who wrote popular works of romantic fiction.	Margaret Pedler	28 December 1948
date of death	Madog ap Maredudd (Middle Welsh: Madawg mab Maredud, Madawc mab Maredut; died 1160) was the last Prince of the entire Kingdom of Powys, Wales and for a time held the Fitzalan Lordship of Oswestry.	Madog ap Maredudd	1160
date of death	François Poulin de Francheville, Seigneur de Saint-Maurice (7 October 1692 -- November 1733) was a Montreal merchant who was granted permission by the King of France to mine the iron ore deposits on his seigneury in 1730.	François Poulin de Francheville	November 1733
date of death	Alexander Raven Thomson (1899--1955) (usually known as Raven) was a Scottish politician best known for his membership of the British Union of Fascists and was considered to be the party's chief ideologue.	Alexander Raven Thomson	1955
date of death	George Pickingill (c. 1816 -- 10 April 1909) was an English farm labourer who lived and worked in the village of Canewdon in the eastern English county of Essex.	George Pickingill	1909
date of death	Georgios Sachtouris (Greek: Γεώργιος Σαχτούρης, 1783--1841) was a Hydriot ship captain and a leading admiral of the Greek War of Independence.	Georgios Sachtouris	1841
date of death	Monica Edwards (née Monica le Doux Newton; 8 November 1912 -- 18 January 1998) was an English children's writer of the mid-twentieth century best known for her Romney Marsh and Punchbowl Farm series of children's novels.	Monica Edwards	18 January 1998
date of death	James Motley (2 May 1822 -- 1 May 1859) was a Yorkshireman closely associated with South Wales and Borneo.	James Motley	1 May 1859
date of death	Michele Cortegiani (Palermo, February 8, 1857 - Tunisia, 1928) was an Italian painter, mainly of seascapes of his native Sicily and later Tunisia, and of female portraits and genre subjects.	Michele Cortegiani	1928
date of death	Laura Herford (1831--1870) was a British artist in the early 19th century, and in 1860, was the first woman to be admitted to the Royal Academy schools.	Laura Herford	1870
date of death	Charles Gordon McClure (1885--1933), also known as Dyke White, was a Scottish artist, best known for his political cartoons in the Scottish press.	Dyke White	1933
date of death	Martha Lena Morrow Lewis (1868-1950), commonly known by her middle name Lena, was an American orator, political organizer, journalist, and newspaper editor.	Lena Morrow Lewis	1950
date of death	William Henry Kerr (10 June 1922 -- 28 August 2014), credited as Bill Kerr, was a South African-born Australian actor, comedian and vaudevillian.	Bill Kerr	28 August 2014
date of death	Arthur Francis Leach (16 March 1851 -- 28 September 1915) was an English historian who wrote a number of books on the development of education in England.	Arthur Francis Leach	1915
date of death	Abdur Razzaq Malihabadi (1875-1959?) was the autobiographer of Maulana Abul Kalam Azad and a journalist.	Abdur Razzaq Malihabadi	1959
date of death	Major Geoffrey Cecil Gilbert McNeill-Moss (11 December 1885 -- 13 August 1954) was a British soldier and writer who published under the name Geoffrey Moss.	Geoffrey Moss	13 August 1954
date of death	Joan Merrill (January 2, 1918, Baltimore, Maryland--May 10, 1992 New York, New York) was a popular singer and actress.	Joan Merrill	1992
date of death	Jacob de Wit (19 December 1695 -- 12 November 1754) was a Dutch artist and interior decorator who painted many religious scenes.	Jacob de Wit	12 November 1754
date of death	Murong Yi (Chinese: 慕容顗; died 386) was a ruler of the Xianbei state Western Yan.	Murong Yi	386
date of death	Mary of Baux-Orange (died 1417) was suo jure Princess of Orange.	Mary of Baux-Orange	1417
date of death	Manuel Francisco Pavón Aycinena (1798 - 19 April 1855) was an influential conservative Guatemalan politician during the regime of General Rafael Carrera.	Manuel Francisco Pavón Aycinena	19 April 1855
date of death	Richard Cope (1776--1856) was an English congregationalist minister and religious writer.	Richard Cope	1856
date of death	Chaudhary Harmohan Singh Yadav (or Chaudhary Sahab) (18 October 1921-25 July 2012) was an Indian educationist, social worker, independence activist, and an active politician from Samajwadi Party.	Chaudhary Harmohan Singh Yadav	2012
date of death	John Adolphus Etzler (1791-1846?) was a German-born American technological utopianist.	John Adolphus Etzler	1846
date of death	Henry Peronneau (1700--1754), born in Charleston, South Carolina, was a very wealthy businessman in the field of rice plantations and wine importing.	Henry Peronneau	1754
date of death	Denis Larkin (1908 -- 2 July 1987) was an Irish Labour Party politician and trade union official.	Denis Larkin	2 July 1987
date of death	Tancrède Dumas (1830--1905) was a photographer born in Italy who was active in the Near East.	Tancrède Dumas	1905
date of death	Antonino Romanov del Renzio dei Rossi di Castellone e Venosa (Toni del Renzio) (15 April 1915 - 7 January 2007), an artist and writer of Italian and Russian parentage, was leader of the British Surrealist Group for a period.	Toni del Renzio	7 January 2007
date of death	Dong Jin (董晉) (724 -- March 13, 799), courtesy name Huncheng (混成), was an official and general of the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty, serving as a chancellor during the reign of Emperor Dezong.	Dong Jin	799
date of death	Patrick Leo Maguire (1903 -- 17 December 1985) was an Irish singer, songwriter, and radio broadcaster.	Leo Maguire	17 December 1985
date of death	Sir George Nayler, KH (bapt. 29 June 1764, Stonehouse, Gloucestershire -- 28 October 1831, Hanover Square, Mayfair) was a long-serving officer of arms at the College of Arms in London.	George Nayler	28 October 1831
date of death	Dezső Grósz (born 1898 - ~1944) was a Hungarian footballer who played for Vác-Újbuda LTC, and earned 2 appearances for the Hungarian national team.	Dezső Grósz	1944
date of death	A1 Tin Maung (Burmese: တင်မောင် (tɪ̀ɴ màʊɴ); 1913 -- 4 October 2000) was a two-time Burmese Academy Award-winning film actor, director and producer.	Tin Maung	4 October 2000
date of death	R. A. Padmanabhan (1917 -- 2014) was an Indian journalist who was the main avenue for a breakthrough on the identity of Subramaniya Bharathiar.	R. A. Padmanabhan	2014
date of death	Fred Basolo (11 February 1920 -- 27 February 2007) was an American inorganic chemist.	Fred Basolo	27 February 2007
date of death	The Venerable Vere Harcourt (1615 - 4 July 1683) was Archdeacon of Nottingham from 1660-1683.	Vere Harcourt	4 July 1683
date of death	Claude Nau (died 1605), full name Claude Nau de la Boisseliere, was a confidential secretary of Mary, Queen of Scots in England from 1575 to 1586.	Claude Nau	1605
date of death	Kåre Hovda (24 January 1944 -- 13 February 1999) was a Norwegian biathlete.	Kåre Hovda	13 February 1999
date of death	Aesop (/ˈiːsɒp/ EE-sop; Ancient Greek: Αἴσωπος, Aisōpos; c. 620 -- 564 BCE) was an Ancient Greek fabulist or story teller credited with a number of fables now collectively known as Aesop's Fables.	Aesop	564 BCE
date of death	Antonio Fais (25 April 1841 -- 20 April 1925) was an Italian mathematician and railway engineer.	Antonio Fais	20 April 1925
date of death	John Harriott (1745--1817) was an English seafarer, now known for his part in founding the Marine Police Force.	John Harriott	1817
date of death	David Crook (14 August 1910 -- 1 November 2000) was a British-born Communist ideologue, activist and spy, long resident in China.	David Crook	1 November 2000
date of death	Franz Krienbühl (24 March 1929 -- 16 April 2002) was a Swiss speed skater who is mostly known for his inventions that changed the sport.	Franz Krienbühl	16 April 2002
date of death	Pol Bury (26 April 1922 -- 28 September 2005) was a Belgian sculptor who began his artistic career as a painter in the Jeune Peintre Belge and COBRA groups.	Pol Bury	28 September 2005
date of death	Amir Sjarifuddin Harahap, also spelled Amir Sjarifoeddin Harahap (27 April 1907 -- 19 December 1948) was a socialist politician and one of the Indonesian Republic's first leaders, becoming Prime Minister during the country's National Revolution.	Amir Sjarifuddin	19 December 1948
date of death	Gordian I (Latin: Marcus Antonius Gordianus Sempronianus Romanus Africanus; c. 159 -- 12 April 238) was Roman Emperor for one month with his son Gordian II in 238, the Year of the Six Emperors.	Gordian I	238
date of death	Bernard Bernstein (30 November 1908 -- 6 February 1990) was an American economist and public official.	Bernard Bernstein	6 February 1990
date of death	José Coronel Urtecho (28 February 1906 -- 19 March 1994) was a Nicaraguan poet, translator, essayist, critic, narrator, playwright, diplomat and historian.	José Coronel Urtecho	19 March 1994
date of death	Dušan Petrič (1916--1964) was a Slovene painter and graphic designer who won the Levstik Award in 1951 for his illustrations for Kaj je videl Mižek Figa (What Mižek Figa Saw).	Dušan Petrič	1964
date of death	John Mowlem (12 October 1788 -- 8 March 1868) was an English stonemason, builder and founder of the quarrying and construction company ``Mowlem, Burt and Freeman''.	John Mowlem	8 March 1868
date of death	Henry Constantine Jennings (August 1731 -- 17 February 1819) was an antiquarian, collector and gambler, best known for the Roman sculpture - known as The Jennings Dog - which he acquired and which is now in the British Museum.	Henry Constantine Jennings	17 February 1819
date of death	Johann Michael Feder (25 May 1753 at Oellingen in Bavaria -- 26 July 1824 at Würzburg) was a German Roman Catholic theologian.	Johann Michael Feder	26 July 1824
date of death	The monthly series, which has run since the early 1980s, was created by author Jon Messmann, who wrote most of the first 200 books in the series under the Jon Sharpe pseudonym until his retirement in the late 1990s (Messmann died in 2004).	Jon Sharpe	2004
date of death	István Szőnyi (1894-1960) was a Hungarian painter noted for works such as The Bend of the Danube and Zebegény.	István Szőnyi	1960
date of death	Benjamin Motte, Sr. (died December 1710) was a London publisher and father of Benjamin Motte, Andrew Motte, and Charles Motte.	Benjamin Motte, Sr.	1710
date of death	André Lafosse (1890--1975) was a Professor of music at the Paris Conservatory of Music.	André Lafosse	1975
date of death	Beilby Porteus (or Porteous; 8 May 1731 -- 13 May 1809), successively Bishop of Chester and of London was a Church of England reformer and a leading abolitionist in England.	Beilby Porteus	13 May 1809
date of death	Ma Chao-chun (traditional Chinese: 馬超俊; simplified Chinese: 马超俊; Pinyin: Mǎ Chāojùn; 1886--1977) was the mayor of Nanking in the period prior to the Battle of Nanking.	Ma Chao-chun	1977
date of death	Nathar Vali (died 1225 CE) was a Sufi saint and among the first Sufis to bring Islam to South India and Sri Lanka.	Nathar Vali	1225
date of death	Achille Fontanelli (8 November 1775 -- 22 July 1838) was an Italian nationalist and Napoleonic general.	Achille Fontanelli	22 July 1838
date of death	Heinz-Günter Wittmann (1 January 1927 -- 31 March 1990) was a German biochemist known for his research in ribosomes.	Heinz-Günter Wittmann	31 March 1990
date of death	James Morgan Read (1908--1985) was a Quaker and President of Wilmington College, Ohio from 1960--1969.	James Morgan Read	1985
date of death	Francis Fane, 1st Earl of Westmorland KB (1 February 1580 -- 23 March 1629), styled Sir Francis Fane between 1603 and 1624 was an English landowner and politician who sat in the House of Commons between 1601 and 1624 and then was raised to the Peerage as Earl of Westmorland.	Francis Fane, 1st Earl of Westmorland	23 March 1629
date of death	Faifne an Filí, Ollamh of Leinster, died 958.	Faifne an Filí	958
date of death	Domenico Gabrielli (15 April 1651 or 19 October 1659 -- 10 July 1690) was an Italian Baroque composer and virtuoso cello player.	Domenico Gabrielli	10 July 1690
date of death	George Pybus (22 July 1911 -- February 2001) was an English professional association football player of the 1930s.	George Pybus	2001
date of death	Thomas Worlidge (1700−1766) was an English painter and etcher.	Thomas Worlidge	1766
date of death	Samuel D. Maxwell (19 February 1803 in Garrard County, Kentucky -- 3 July 1873) was the eighth mayor of the city of Indianapolis, Indiana.	Samuel D. Maxwell	3 July 1873
date of death	Henry III, Landgrave of Upper Hesse, called ``the Rich'' (15 October 1440 -- 13 January 1483) was the second son of Louis I of Hesse and his wife Anna of Saxony.	Henry III, Landgrave of Upper Hesse	13 January 1483
date of death	Silvio Giulio Rotta (Venice, 1853- Venice, 1913) was an Italian painter.	Silvio Giulio Rotta	1913
date of death	Gongsun Yuan (died 238), courtesy name Wenyi (文懿), was a warlord and vassal of the state of Cao Wei during the Three Kingdoms period of Chinese history.	Gongsun Yuan	238
date of death	Orestes Araújo (Mahón, 1853 - Montevideo, 1915) was a Uruguayan lecturer, schoolteacher and historian.	Orestes Araújo	1915
date of death	Mikkel Ødelien (5 October 1893 - 11 February 1984) was a Norwegian scientist, educator and soil researcher.	Mikkel Ødelien	11 February 1984
date of death	Sir Thomas Higgons (c 1624 -- 24 November 1691) was an English diplomat and politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1659 and 1687.	Thomas Higgons	1691
date of death	George Drummond (1688--1766) was accountant-general of excise in Scotland and a local politician, elected Lord Provost of Edinburgh a number of times between 1725 and 1764.	George Drummond	1766
date of death	Johanna Ellaphie Ward-Hilhorst (10 July 1920 Pretoria - 30 June 1994 Cape Town) was a South African botanical artist.	Ellaphie Ward-Hilhorst	30 June 1994
date of death	Alexander Ivanovich Shilov (Russian: Александр Иванович Шилов ?-January 6 O.S. 1799) was one of the founders of the Skoptzy sect.	Alexander Ivanovich Shilov	1799
date of death	Waldemar Carlsen (29 February 1880 -- 28 August 1966) was a Norwegian novelist, newspaper editor and politician for the Labour and Communist parties.	Waldemar Carlsen	28 August 1966
date of death	Mannix Joyce (Irish: Mainchín Seoighe, 1924 -- 3 July 2006) was an Irish local historian and writer, known particularly for his publications on County Limerick.	Mannix Joyce	3 July 2006
date of death	Marion Crawford, CVO (5 June 1909 -- 11 February 1988) was a Scottish governess.	Marion Crawford	11 February 1988
date of death	Amand Leduc (Dunkirk, 11 August 1764 -- Dunkirk, 18 March 1832) was a French sailor and Navy officer of the First French Empire.	Amand Leduc	18 March 1832
date of death	Jaurés Lamarque Pons (Salto, 6 May 1917 - Montevideo, 11 June 1982) was an Uruguayan composer and pianist.	Jaurés Lamarque Pons	11 June 1982
date of death	Tomislav Kaloperović (Serbian Cyrillic: Toмиcлaв Kaлoпepoвић; 31 January 1932 -- 15 January 2002) was a Yugoslav and Serbian footballer and coach.	Tomislav Kaloperović	15 January 2002
date of death	Mario Minniti (8 December 1577 -- 22 November 1640) was an Italian artist active in Sicily after 1606.	Mario Minniti	22 November 1640
date of death	William Haygarth (1784--1825) was an English poet, writer and artist.	William Haygarth	1825
date of death	Rafi Ahmed Kidwai (Hindi: रफ़ी अहमद क़िदवई رفیع احمد قدوائی Urdu ), (18 February 1894 -- 24 October 1954) was a politician, an Indian independence activist and a socialist, sometimes described as an Islamic socialist.	Rafi Ahmed Kidwai	24 October 1954
date of death	Admiral Sir Josias Rowley, 1st Baronet, GCB, GCMG (1765 -- 10 January 1842), known as ``The Sweeper of the Seas'', was an Anglo-Irish naval officer who commanded the campaign that captured the French Indian Ocean islands of Réunion and Mauritius in 1810.	Josias Rowley	10 January 1842
date of death	Laurence Earnshaw (died 1767), was an 18th-century English mechanic and inventor.	Laurence Earnshaw	1767
date of death	William Neville Hart (27 December 1741 in St James's Palace, London -- 23 October 1804, Inveraray Castle, Scotland) was a British banker, politician and diplomat.	William Neville Hart	23 October 1804
date of death	Fang Guancheng (sc: 方观承, tc: 方觀承, pinyin: Fāng Guānchéng, A.K.A.: Tian Yi, 宜田) (b. 1696 or 1698 - d. 1768) was a Chinese Noble and high government official of the Qing Dynasty notable for being the Viceroy of Zhili.	Fang Guancheng	1768
date of death	Jakob Bartsch or Jacobus Bartschius (c. 1600 -- 26 December 1633) was a German astronomer.	Jakob Bartsch	26 December 1633
date of death	James Towers English (22 February 1782 -- 26 September 1819) was an Anglo-Irish commander of British Legions forces in the Spanish American wars of independence.	James Towers English	26 September 1819
date of death	Corporal Betty Cameron (20 November 1918 - 1 April 2011 ) was an Australian World War II servicewoman and WAAAF activist.	Betty Cameron	1 April 2011
date of death	Charles Dolman (1807--1863) was the British publisher of the Dublin Review.	Charles Dolman	1863
date of death	Barbara Rubin (1945--1980) was an American filmmaker and performance artist.	Barbara Rubin	1980
date of death	Arngrímr Brandsson (died 13 October 1361) was an Icelandic cleric and writer.	Arngrímr Brandsson	13 October 1361
date of death	John Stuart Anderson FRS, FAA, (9 January 1908 -- 25 December 1990) was a British and Australian scientist who was Professor of Chemistry at the University of Melbourne and Professor of Inorganic Chemistry at the University of Oxford.	John Stuart Anderson	25 December 1990
date of death	Ali ibn Hasan, also known as Harun Bughra Khan and better known as Ali-Tegin (also spelled Alitigin) was a Karakhanid ruler in Transoxiana from 1020 to 1034 with a brief interruption in 1024/5.	Ali-Tegin	1034
date of death	James Newlands (28 July 1813 -- 15 July 1871), was a Scottish civil engineer who worked in Liverpool as the first Borough Engineer appointed in the United Kingdom, and is credited with designing and implementing the first integrated sewerage system in the world in 1848.	James Newlands	15 July 1871
date of death	Michael Rennie (25 August 1909 -- 10 June 1971) was an English film, television, and stage actor, perhaps best known for his 1951 starring role as the space visitor Klaatu in the 20th Century Fox classic science fiction film, The Day the Earth Stood Still.	Michael Rennie	10 June 1971
date of death	Johann Moritz Richter (1620--1667) was a German architect and engraver.	Johann Moritz Richter	1667
date of death	Francis Ruddle (23 November 1798 -- 9 February 1882) was a 19th-century master builder and carpenter, born and based in Peterborough.	Francis Ruddle	9 February 1882
date of death	Elvira Kralj (born on 16 August 1900 in Trieste; died 6 September 1978) was a Slovenian actress who has been featured on a stamp.	Elvira Kralj	6 September 1978
date of death	Toussaint Hočevar (25 June 1927 - 21 April 1987) or Toussaint Hocevar was a Slovenian American economic historian.	Toussaint Hočevar	21 April 1987
date of death	James Aston, 5th Lord Aston of Forfar (23 May 1723 -- 24 August 1751) was a son of Walter Aston, 4th Lord Aston of Forfar, and Lady Mary Howard.	James Aston, 5th Lord Aston of Forfar	24 August 1751
date of death	Francis William Thring (2 December 1883 -- 1 July 1936), better known as F. W. Thring, was an Australian film director, producer, and exhibitor.	F. W. Thring	1 July 1936
date of death	Peter Airey (9 January 1865 -- 10 August 1950) was a Treasurer of Queensland, a member of the Queensland Legislative Council, and a member of the Queensland Legislative Assembly.	Peter Airey	10 August 1950
date of death	D. Leonor de Almeida Portugal, 4th Marquise of Alorna, 8th Countess of Assumar (31 October 1750 -- 11 October 1839) was a Portuguese noblewoman, painter, and poet of the late eighteenth and early nineteenth centuries.	Leonor de Almeida Portugal, 4th Marquise of Alorna	11 October 1839
date of death	Demetrios Chalkokondyles (Greek: Δημήτριος Χαλκοκονδύλης), Latinized as Demetrius Chalcocondyles and found variously as Demetricocondyles, Chalcocondylas or Chalcondyles (1423 -- 9 January 1511) was one of the most eminent Greek scholars in the West.	Demetrios Chalkokondyles	9 January 1511
date of death	Harrison Gray Otis Dwight (1803--1862) was an American Congregational missionary.	Harrison Gray Otis Dwight	1862
date of death	Maria de Ergadia (died 1302) was a fourteenth-century Scottish noblewoman.	Maria de Ergadia	1302
date of death	André Burthe d’Annelet died on 2 April 1830 at the Rue St Lazare in Paris, leaving his wife and 8 surviving children.	André Burthe	2 April 1830
date of death	William Langhorne Bond (November 12, 1893- July 17, 1985) was an American aviator and aviation executive.	William Langhorne Bond	1985
date of death	William Widdrington, 4th Baron Widdrington (1678 -- 19 April 1743), was an English Roman Catholic peer and supporter of the Stuart claim to the Crown.	William Widdrington, 4th Baron Widdrington	19 April 1743
date of death	Albert Judson (10 July 1885 -- 8 April 1975) was an English first-class cricketer, who played one match for Yorkshire County Cricket Club against Kent, at Bramall Lane in July 1920.	Albert Judson	April 1975
date of death	Euphemia of Münsterberg (ca. 1385 -- 17 November 1447), also known as Euphemia, Countess of Oettingen, was a princess member of the Piast dynasty in the Münsterberg (Ziębice) branch, by marriage Countess of Öttingen and sovereign Duchess of Münsterberg during 1435--1443.	Euphemia of Münsterberg	17 November 1447
date of death	Major General Sir John Gellibrand KCB, DSO & Bar (5 December 1872 -- 3 June 1945) was a senior Australian Army officer in the First World War and a member of the Australian House of Representatives, representing the Tasmanian Division of Denison for the Nationalist Party from 1925 to 1928.	John Gellibrand	3 June 1945
date of death	Thomas Lowth (4 November 1858 -- 26 May 1931) was the Member of Parliament (MP) for Ardwick, a ward in Manchester from 1922 until his death.	Thomas Lowth	26 May 1931
date of death	King Anwon of Goguryeo (died 545) (r. 531--545) was the 23rd ruler of Goguryeo, the northernmost of the Three Kingdoms of Korea.	Anwon of Goguryeo	545
date of death	Edward Tenison (1673--1735) was an English bishop of Ossory.	Edward Tenison	1735
date of death	Susan Vera Cooper, known as Susie Cooper (29 October 1902 -- 28 July 1995) was a prolific English ceramic designer working in the Stoke-on-Trent pottery industries from the 1920s to the 1980s.	Susie Cooper	28 July 1995
date of death	John Tuchet, 4th Baron Audley, 1st Baron Tuchet (23 April 1371 -- 19 December 1408) was an English peer.	John Tuchet, 4th Baron Audley	19 December 1408
date of death	John Sigismund Tanner (1705 -- 14 March 1775), also called Sigismund Tanner and in his native Saxe-Coburg known as Johann Sigismund Tanner, was an engraver of the Kingdom of Great Britain, making dies for coins and medals.	John Sigismund Tanner	1775
date of death	Guy Murchie (Jr.) (25 January 1907 -- 8 July 1997) was a writer about science and philosophy: aviation, astronomy, biology, and the meaning of life.	Guy Murchie	8 July 1997
date of death	Constantin Ion Parhon (Romanian pronunciation: (konstanˈtin iˈon parˈhon); 15 October 1874 -- 9 August 1969) was a Romanian neuropsychiatrist, endocrinologist and politician.	Constantin Ion Parhon	9 August 1969
date of death	Billie Carleton (4 September 1896 -- 28 November 1918) was an English musical comedy actress during the First World War.	Billie Carleton	28 November 1918
date of death	James Aspinall Turner (1797 - 28 September 1867) was a British businessman, entomologist and Whig politician.	James Aspinall Turner	28 September 1867
date of death	Abish Khatun (died 1287) also known as Abisha Hadud Khatun and Aubee Khatton was the regnant of Atabeg from 1263 to 1275.	Abish Khatun	1287
date of death	Rowland Jones (1722--1774) was a Welsh lawyer and philologist of radical linguistic views.	Rowland Jones	1774
date of death	Edward Anthony Holden (2 August 1805 -- 28 August 1877) was a landowner who lived at Aston Hall, in Aston upon Trent, Derbyshire.	Edward Anthony Holden	1877
date of death	Eoin O'Duffy (Irish: Eoin Ó Dubhthaigh; 30 October 1892 -- 30 November 1944) was an Irish political activist, soldier and police commissioner.	Eoin O'Duffy	30 November 1944
date of death	Edvard Kindt-Larsen (1901--1982) was a Danish architect and furniture designer who worked closely together with his wife Tove Kindt-Larsen (1906--1994).	Edvard Kindt-Larsen	1982
date of death	``Barba'' Luka Kaliterna (13 October 1893 -- 25 February 1984) was a Croatian football player and later manager.	Luka Kaliterna	25 February 1984
date of death	Robert Flemming (died 1483), was dean of Lincoln.	Robert Flemming	1483
date of death	François Roberday (21 March 1624 -- 13 October 1680) was a French Baroque organist and composer.	François Roberday	13 October 1680
date of death	Joseph Morris Rea (1846--1895), often known simply as J. Morris Rea, was an Iowa attorney and politician.	J. Morris Rea	1895
date of death	Emma Richardson Cherry (February 28, 1859 -- 1954) was an American painter of landscapes, still lives, and portraits.	Emma Richardson Cherry	1954
date of death	Sten-Åke Cederhök (born Sten-Åke Carlsson) (January 30, 1913 -- January 14, 1990) was a Swedish actor and comedian.	Sten-Åke Cederhök	1990
date of death	Sir Nicholas Hare of Bruisyard, Suffolk (c. 1484 -- 31 October 1557) was Speaker of the House of Commons of England between 1539 and 1540.	Nicholas Hare	1557
date of death	David Kohn (1838--1915) was a Russian archaeologist and Hebrew writer.	David Kohn	1915
date of death	Ingelbrecht Knudssøn (14 December 1776 -- 21 March 1826) was a Norwegian civil servant and politician.	Ingelbrecht Knudssøn	21 March 1826
date of death	James Gay Sawkins (1806--1878) was an artist who was born in 1806 in Yeovil, Somerset, England.	James Gay Sawkins	1878
date of death	Ustad Sabri Khan (Hindi: उस्ताद साबरी खान, Urdu: استاد صابری خان‎; 21 May 1927 -- 1 December 2015) was an Indian sarangi player, who was descended on both sides of his family from a line of distinguished musicians.	Sabri Khan	1 December 2015
date of death	Prideaux John Selby (23 July 1788 -- 27 March 1867) was an English ornithologist, botanist and natural history artist.	Prideaux John Selby	27 March 1867
date of death	Sir John de Pulteney or Sir John Poultney (died 8 June 1349) was a major English entrepreneur and property owner, who served four times as Mayor of London.	Sir John de Pulteney	8 June 1349
date of death	Jim Petrie (2 June 1932-26 August 2014) was a British comic artist born in Kirriemuir, Scotland.	Jim Petrie	26 August 2014
date of death	Valentine Browne, 2nd Earl of Kenmare PC (I) (15 January 1788 -- 31 October 1853), styled Viscount Castlerosse from 1801 to 1812, was Earl of Kenmare and Lord Lieutenant of Kerry.	Valentine Browne, 2nd Earl of Kenmare	31 October 1853
date of death	Władysław Ekielski (17 February 1855 -- 23 June 1927) was a Polish architect known for his work in the eclectic and modern style.	Władysław Ekielski	23 June 1927
date of death	Marjory Collins (1912--1985) was an American photojournalist.	Marjory Collins	1985
date of death	Josef Maria Eder 16 March 1855 -- 18 October 1944) was an Austrian chemist who specialized in the chemistry of photography.	Josef Maria Eder	18 October 1944
date of death	Lacksley Castell, sometimes misspelled Laxley, Lacksly, Lasky or Locksley Castel (1959 -- 1983) was a Jamaican reggae singer best known for his work in the early 1980s.	Lacksley Castell	1983
date of death	Saifo (Hajji Saifo, 1942?--1998) (Persian: حاجی سيفو‎‎) was an Afghan folkloric singer.	Saifo	1998
date of death	Edna Wilma Simons died on July 25, 1954, at the age of 59.	Edna Wilma Simons	1954
date of death	Seán Brosnahan (1911 -- 9 December 1987) was an Irish Independent politician.	Seán Brosnahan	9 December 1987
date of death	Tahir Efendi Jakova (1770--1850 or 1835), also known as Tahir Efendi Boshnjaku or The Great Efendi (Albanian: Efendiu i Madh), was an Albanian religious leader of the Yakova region in Kosovo, as well one of the most known Albanian poet of the Bejtexhinj era.	Tahir Efendi Jakova	1850
date of death	John Bertram Andrews (1880--1943) was an American economist, born in South Wayne, Wisconsin, and educated at the University of Wisconsin--	John Bertram Andrews	1943
date of death	Bryce B. Smith (1878-May 22, 1962) was Mayor of Kansas City, Missouri from 1930 to 1939 at the height of the power of the Thomas Pendergast machine.	Bryce B. Smith	1962
director	Ottayadipathakal is a 1993 Indian Malayalam film, directed by C. Radhakrishnan and produced by Vincent Chittilappally.	Ottayadipathakal	C. Radhakrishnan
educated at	Nancy Chunn was born in Los Angeles, California and received her Bachelor of Fine Arts in 1969 from the California Institute of the Arts, Valencia, CA.	Nancy Chunn	California Institute of the Arts
father	Isabel Suckling is the daughter of American wine critic James Suckling.	Isabel Suckling	James Suckling
founder	In June 2011, Alibaba Group Executive Chairman and former CEO Jack Ma announced that Taobao would split into three different companies:	Taobao	Jack Ma
founder	Solel Boneh was founded in 1921 during the first conference of the General Histadrut, under the name of Batz (Hebrew: בע``ץ‎), an acronym of Binyan veAvodot Tziburiot (Hebrew: בניין ועבודות ציבוריות‎, lit. Construction and Public Works).	Solel Boneh	Histadrut
founder	In 1867, Providence, Rhode Island, residents Stephen Wilcox and his partner George Herman Babcock patented the Babcock & Wilcox Non-Explosive Boiler, which used water filled tubes and de-nucleate boiling to generate steam more safely than either under-fire or fire-tube boilers.	Babcock & Wilcox	George Herman Babcock
founder	Major James Lide Coker founded the Southern Novelty Company in 1899, which became Sonoco in 1923.	Sonoco	James Lide Coker
founder	Centropolis Entertainment is a film production company founded in 1985 as Centropolis Film Productions by German film director Roland Emmerich.	Centropolis Entertainment	Roland Emmerich
founder	HDNet Fights was founded in 2007 by HDNet owner and founder, billionaire entrepreneur Mark Cuban, as a staple of programming upon which to base the new network.	HDNet Fights	Mark Cuban
founder	In 1976, the Canadian Film Institute founded the biennial Ottawa International Animation Festival.	Ottawa International Animation Festival	Canadian Film Institute
founder	The Almost Free Theatre was an alternative and fringe theatre set up by American actor and social activist ED Berman in 1971 in Rupert Street, Soho, London W1.	Almost Free Theatre	ED Berman
founder	ResearchGate was founded in 2008 by virologist and computer scientist Ijad Madisch.	ResearchGate	Ijad Madisch
founder	PRS Guitars (also known as Paul Reed Smith Guitars) is an American guitar manufacturer headquartered in Stevensville, Maryland, founded by guitarist and master luthier Paul Reed Smith in 1985.	PRS Guitars	Paul Reed Smith
founder	Makis Voridis, a lawyer, was the President of the Hellenic Front.	Hellenic Front	Makis Voridis
founder	Nuyorican Productions, Inc. is an American production company founded by Jennifer Lopez and Benny Medina.	Nuyorican Productions	Jennifer Lopez	Benny Medina
founder	World Wide Pictures (WWP) is a film distributor and production company established as a subsidiary of the Billy Graham Evangelistic Association (BGEA) in 1951.	World Wide Pictures	Billy Graham
founder	Christine Peterson is an American nanotechnologist, futurist, and the co-founder of Foresight Institute.	Christine Peterson	Foresight Institute
founder	Historic Richmond Foundation was founded in 1956 by Elisabeth Scott Bocock, Louise Catterall, Mary Wingfield Scott, Dr. Wyndham B. Blanton, and others in order to save the Church Hill area surrounding St. John's Church.	Historic Richmond Foundation	Elisabeth Scott Bocock
founder	Art. Lebedev Studio is a design company in Russia, founded in 1995 by Artemy Lebedev.	Art. Lebedev Studio	Artemy Lebedev
founder	Ljubomir Vračarević (Serbian Cyrillic: Љубомир Врачаревић; 6 May 1947 -- 18 November 2013) was a Serbian martial artist and founder of Real Aikido.	Ljubomir Vračarević	Real Aikido
founder	The Vienna Party School was an organisation established by the Social Democratic Party of Austria.	Vienna Party School	Social Democratic Party of Austria
founder	Inspiration Mars Foundation is an American nonprofit organization founded by Dennis Tito that proposed to launch a manned mission to flyby Mars in January 2018, or, if the 2018 date is missed, 2021.	Inspiration Mars Foundation	Dennis Tito
founder	The Crosley Broadcasting Corporation was a radio and television broadcaster founded by radio manufacturing pioneer Powel Crosley, Jr..	Crosley Broadcasting Corporation	Powel Crosley, Jr.
founder	Harrisongs Ltd is a music publishing company, founded in 1964 by English musician and songwriter George Harrison, then a member of the Beatles.	Harrisongs	George Harrison
founder	In its two decades as an independent firm, Cogan, Berlind, Weill & Levitt served as a vehicle for the rollup of more than a dozen brokerage and securities firms led by Sanford I. Weill that culminated in the formation of Shearson Loeb Rhoades.	Cogan, Berlind, Weill & Levitt	Sanford I. Weill
founder	Cerruti 1881 is a brand of the fashion house Cerruti founded in 1967 in Paris by the Italian stylist and fashion producer Nino Cerruti.	Cerruti 1881	Nino Cerruti
founder	Goldwax Records was a record label founded in Memphis, Tennessee in 1964 by Quinton Claunch and Rudolph V. ``Doc'' Russell.	Goldwax Records	Quinton Claunch
founder	Every Woman Foundation was founded in Australia in 2011 and was launched in Canada in 2012, operating under the name Every Woman Festival and Every Woman Organization, a Division of Sophie Serafino Entertainment until achieving status as a non profit society in Canada in 2014.	Every Woman Foundation	Sophie Serafino
founder	Vira bruk was founded around 1630 by Clas Fleming.	Vira bruk	Clas Fleming
founder	Geffen Records was started in 1980 by music industry businessman David Geffen who, in the early 1970s, had founded Asylum Records.	Geffen Records	David Geffen
founder	Mrs. Fields Cookies was founded by Debbi Fields in the late 1970s.	Mrs. Fields	Debbi Fields
founder	Dr. William Worrall Mayo settled his family in Rochester in 1864 and opened a medical practice that evolved under his sons into Mayo Clinic.	Mayo Clinic	William Worrall Mayo
founder	Remote Control Productions is a film score company run by veteran composer Hans Zimmer and based in Santa Monica, California.	Remote Control Productions	Hans Zimmer
headquarters location	Guangqi Honda Automobile Co Ltd is a Chinese automobile manufacturing joint venture company based in Guangzhou, Guangdong province.	Guangqi Honda	Guangzhou
inception	On May 28, 2015, TriStar Television was re-launched as a boutique production label for Sony Pictures Television.	TriStar Television	2015
inception	Lewisham People Before Profit (LPBP) is a minor, left-wing political party based in the London Borough of Lewisham in the United Kingdom and established around 2008--2009.	Lewisham People Before Profit	2008
inception	Adaptatsiya (Russian: Адаптация, Russian for Adaptation) is a Kazakhstani punk rock band founded in 1992 in Aktobe.	Adaptatsiya	1992
inception	Shadow Project was an alt-rock/goth metal band formed in 1987 featuring former members of Los Angeles deathrock groups Christian Death and Super Heroines.	Shadow Project	1987
inception	The Calgary Fillies are an expansion team in the Legends Football League that was set to begin play in the 2013 LFL Canada season.	Calgary Fillies	2013
inception	ISR Racing (also known as Coca-Cola Racing Team in FIA GT) is a racing team from Czech Republic, created in 1993 by Igor Salaquarda.	ISR Racing	1993
inception	The Lycian Way Ultramarathone was established in 2010 taking place on October 11--17.	Lycian Way Ultramarathon	2010
inception	Ductape Records is a Toronto-based independent record label that was spawned from a magazine of the same name in 1997.	Ductape Records	1997
inception	Since 2004, Australia Week has brought Australian food and wine, travel, film, arts, culture, fashion and business to a US audience.	Australia Week	2004
inception	Orchid Chemicals & Pharmaceuticals Limited is an Indian pharmaceutical company based in Chennai, founded on 1 July 1992, by Kailasam Raghavendra Rao, an alumnus of IIM Ahmedabad (PGP '79) .	Orchid Chemicals & Pharmaceuticals	1992
inception	Named Alan Jones Racing, the team built two Ford EF Falcons to debut at Round 1 of the 1996 championship, #201 for Paul Romano and #301 for Jones, with Andrew Miedecke and Allan Grice joining the team for the endurance races.	Alan Jones Racing	1996
inception	Trumans Water is an indie rock band from San Diego, California formed in 1991.	Trumans Water	1991
inception	Dogs Playing Poker refers collectively to a series of sixteen oil paintings by C. M. Coolidge, commissioned in 1903 by Brown & Bigelow to advertise cigars.	Dogs Playing Poker	1903
inception	Suburban Hostage was an American punk rock band from Denver, Colorado formed in 2004.	Suburban Hostage	2004
inception	They were formed in 1993 as Mystery Tribe, but changed the name to Madder Mortem in 1997.	Madder Mortem	1993
inception	U.S. Cellular was formed in 1983 as a subsidiary of Telephone and Data Systems (TDS), Inc., which still owns an 84 percent stake.	U.S. Cellular	1983
inception	The Holy Fire was formed in 2004 after a studio session that produced the group's debut self-titled EP.	The Holy Fire	2004
inception	Millhouse Capital is a British registered company created in 2001 to manage assets owned by the Russian businessman Roman Abramovich and his partners.	Millhouse Capital	2001
inception	Netball Asia was founded in 1986 in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, three years after representatives from five Asian netball countries --	Netball Asia	1986
inception	The Jacksonville Beach Sea Birds were a short-lived minor league baseball team, located in Jacksonville Beach, Florida from 1952 until 1954.	Jacksonville Beach Sea Birds	1952
inception	The Estonian Football Association (EJL) (Estonian: Eesti Jalgpalli Liit; EJL) is the governing body of football, beach soccer and futsal in Estonia, established on 14 December 1921.	Estonian Football Association	1921
inception	I See Stars is an American electronicore band that formed in 2006 from Warren, Michigan.	I See Stars	2006
inception	Sony Pictures Animation is an American animated film production company owned by Sony Pictures Entertainment, founded in May 2002.	Sony Pictures Animation	2002
inception	The School Games (formerly known as UK School Games) is an annual sporting competition for elite school-age athletes in the United Kingdom that began in 2006.	UK School Games	2006
inception	5 Minute Walk were an independent record label founded by Frank Tate in April 1995.	5 Minute Walk	1995
inception	Swimclub is a New York-based indie pop band formed in Brooklyn, NY in 2007.	Swimclub	2007
inception	Founded in 1989 by Artistic Director Jay Fishman, the Minnesota Sinfonia is an independent, non-profit 501(c)(3) organization supported by corporate, foundation and individual contributors.	Minnesota Sinfonia	1989
inception	In 1989, the new ownership, including Wren Blair and Bob Attersley, renamed the team Kingston Frontenacs after the Eastern Professional Hockey League team of which they had both been members.	Kingston Frontenacs	1989
inception	Yeonsu Station is a subway station on the Korail-operated Suin Line in Yeonsu-gu, Incheon that opened on June 30, 2012.	Yeonsu Station	2012
inception	The original Mazars firm was formed in Rouen, Normandy in France in 1940, by Robert Mazars.	Mazars	1940
inception	Bombay Talkies was a movie studio founded in 1934.	Bombay Talkies	1934
inception	Joe Croce and Mike Cole founded Cicis in 1985 in Plano, Texas.	Cicis	1985
inception	Brokencyde (stylized brokeNCYDE) is an American crunkcore musical group from Albuquerque, New Mexico, founded in 2006.	Brokencyde	2006
inception	The Shofar of Freedom Award is presented annually by the Temple Israel since 1990 in Albany, NY on the Jewish holiday Yom Kippur to people with extraordinary commitment to their fellow human beings.	Shofar of Freedom Award	1990
inception	The company was founded by Hans Lundbeck in 1915, and was initially a trading company supplying a variety of goods to the Danish market, including machinery for manufacturing, aluminium foil, artificial sweeteners, and photographic equipment.	Lundbeck	1915
inception	AFA Senior Male League or the AFA League is the top division in Anguilla, it was created in 1997.	AFA Senior Male League	1997
inception	The Bentley Film Festival first started on December 3, 1993, in Kansas City, Missouri.	Bentley Film Festival	1993
inception	1994 FC Smena-Ronika Moscow 1995-1996 FC Smena Moscow 1997 FC Smena-Servis Kholod Moscow 1998 FC Serkhol-Smena Moscow 1999 FC Servis-Kholod Moscow 2000 FC Servis-Kholod-Smena Moscow	FC Servis-Kholod-Smena Moscow	1994
inception	Air Florida was an American low-cost carrier that operated from 1971 to 1984.	Air Florida	1971
inception	In 2001, Charles E. Smith Residential Realty merged with Archstone Communities of Denver, forming the $9.6 billion Archstone-Smith Trust.	Archstone	2001
inception	Katz Editores is an independent Argentine scholarly publisher, founded in 2006.	Katz Editores	2006
inception	The Pacific Electric Railroad was created in 1901 by railroad executive Henry Huntington and banker Isaias W. Hellman.	Pacific Electric	1901
inception	Superquinn was an Irish supermarket chain, founded in 1960 and entirely privately held by the Quinn family.	Superquinn	1960
inception	Oct 2008 Launched Currency Futures trading in USD-INR contracts Feb17, 2009 MCX Stock Exchange Clearing Corp Ltd. (MCX-SX CCL), the clearing and settlement arm of the exchange commenced operations July 2009 Launched NISM certification programs in currency derivatives Jan 2010 Launched trading in three new currency pairs --	MCX Stock Exchange	2008
inception	Al Maghribiya is a nationally owned public service satellite TV channel of Morocco launched on 18 November 2004 and run by the Société Nationale de Radiodiffusion et de Télévision (SNRT), the Moroccan national media company.	Al Maghribiya	2004
inception	The Suicide of Saul is an oil-on-panel by Flemish renaissance artist Pieter Bruegel the Elder, painted in 1562.	The Suicide of Saul	1562
inception	The Data General-One (DG-1) was a portable personal computer introduced in 1984 by minicomputer company Data General.	Data General-One	1984
inception	Viewers have been able to watch Kanal A since 16 May 1991.	Kanal A	1991
inception	The Richard Dawkins Foundation for Reason and Science (RDFRS or RDF) is a non-profit organization founded by British biologist Richard Dawkins in 2006 to promote scientific literacy and secularism.	Richard Dawkins Foundation for Reason and Science	2006
inception	Established in 1867, it was known as Western Maryland College until 2002 when it was renamed McDaniel College in honor of an alumnus who gave a lifetime of service to the college.	McDaniel College	1867
inception	The Comcast Network was launched on December 1, 1996 as CN8 and now airs more than 90 hours a week of original programming from two to three studios in Philadelphia and Washington.	The Comcast Network	1996
inception	Scottish Nuclear was formed as a precursor to the privatization of the Electricity Supply Industry in Scotland on 1 April 1990.	Scottish Nuclear	1990
inception	The Geological Society of Australia (GSA) was established as a non-profit organisation in 1952 to promote, advance and support earth sciences in Australia.	Geological Society of Australia	1952
inception	Jasig is a non-profit US organization founded by a group of university IT personnel in late 1999 with the stated goal of creating open source computer programs for use in higher education environments, mostly written in the Java programming language.	Jasig	1999
inception	Jellyfishbabies were an alternative rock band in Canada, active from 1986 to 1993.	Jellyfishbabies	1986
inception	In March 1983, the executive committee met again and incorporated the United States of America Wrestling Association, Inc., to be known publicly as USA Wrestling (USAW).	USA Wrestling	1983
inception	The New York State Museum was founded in 1836 as the New York State Geological and Natural History Survey, formed in 1836 by Governor William Marcy to document the mineral wealth of the state.	New York State Museum	1836
inception	Since 1994 Omrop Fryslân has had its own regional TV channel.	Omrop Fryslân	1994
inception	The University of the West Indies Museum, commonly called the UWI Museum, was established in 2012.	University of the West Indies Museum	2012
inception	Bellzlleb (stylized as BELLZLLEB) was a Japanese heavy metal band, formed in 1985 by Tetsu and Yuji in Chiba.	Bellzlleb	1985
inception	Logica was founded by Len Taylor, Philip Hughes, Pat Coen, Steve Feldman and John McNeil as a systems integration business in 1969.	Logica	1969
inception	The first Secondfest event was aired in June 2007 and was favorably received by the artists and Second Life users alike.	Secondfest	2007
inception	Hokus Pick (or Hokus Pick Manouver) was a Christian rock band that was together from 1988 to 1999.	Hokus Pick	1988
inception	Pioneer Place I began construction in the late 1980s and opened in 1990.	Pioneer Place	1990
inception	Founded in 1734 as the fortress of Verkhneyaitskaya (Верхнея́ицкая), it was renamed Verkhneuralskaya (Верхнеура́льская) after the Yaik River was renamed the Ural.	Verkhneuralsk	1734
inception	The Old Globe Theatre was built in 1935, designed by Richard Requa as part of the California Pacific International Exposition.	Old Globe Theatre	1935
inception	Lifest started in 1999, and became five days long for the first time in 2006.	Lifest	1999
inception	The Group traces its origins to 1944, when its founder Harold Samuel purchased Land Securities Investment Trust Limited, which owned three houses in Kensington and some government stock.	Land Securities	1944
inception	Dick Diver was formed in 2008, with guitarists Rupert Edwards and Alistair McKay, drummer Steph Hughes (Boomgates) and bassist Al Montfort (Total Control, UV Race, Lower Plenty et al).	Dick Diver	2008
inception	The International Climbing and Mountaineering Federation, commonly known by its French name Union Internationale des Associations d'Alpinisme (the UIAA, lit. International Union of Alpine Clubs) was founded in August 1932 in Chamonix, France when 20 mountaineering associations met for an alpine congress.	International Climbing and Mountaineering Federation	1932
inception	Coral Reef Initiative for the South Pacific (CRISP) is a French inter-ministerial project founded in 2002.	Coral Reef Initiative for the South Pacific	2002
inception	The Social Reform Party (SRP) is a political party in Sint Maarten founded in 2013 by former National Alliance member Jacinto Mock.	Social Reform Party	2013
inception	Greenplum was acquired by EMC Corporation and Alpine Data Labs was co-founded by Wong and Chen in 2010.	Alpine Data Labs	2010
inception	Founded by the pharmacists Morris Goodman and Ted Wise in 1983, Pharmascience is a leading manufacturer of generic drugs in Canada.	Pharmascience	1983
inception	Founded in 1972 by Harriet Bridgeman, the Bridgeman Art Library cooperates with many art galleries and museums to gather images.	Bridgeman Art Library	1972
inception	The organization SEKEM (Ancient Egyptian: 'vitality from the sun') was founded in 1977 by the Egyptian pharmacologist and social entrepreneur Dr. Ibrahim Abouleish in order to bring about cultural renewal in Egypt on a sustainable basis;	SEKEM	1977
inception	The Kings of Christmas are a holiday music band that was formed in 2011, when three former Trans-Siberian Orchestra vocalists (Tommy Farese, Guy LeMonnier, and Maxx Mann) along with former TSO narrator Tony Gaynor formed a spin-off of the TSO.	The Kings of Christmas	2011
inception	Tympanik Audio is an independent record label, launched in September 2007.	Tympanik Audio	2007
inception	Strategic and Competitive Intelligence Professionals, SCIP, was founded in 1986 in the Washington, DC area through the efforts of a number of local and national intelligence practitioners.	Strategic and Competitive Intelligence Professionals	1986
inception	The Walt Disney Company (India) Private Limited (WDCI) started operations in July 2004 based in Mumbai.	The Walt Disney Company (India)	2004
inception	Muslim United Nations (Urdu: مسلم اقوام متحدہ‎, Arabic: الامم المسلمه المتحده ‎) was founded by Pakistani journalist, writer, poet and activist Ehsan Sehgal in 1980 in The Hague, Netherlands.	Muslim United Nations	1980
inception	Monday Night Brewing is a craft brewery founded in 2006 by Jonathan Baker, Jeff Heck, and Joel Iverson in Atlanta, Georgia.	Monday Night Brewing	2006
inception	Earth Hertz Records is an American independent record label, which was established in 2007 and is distributed through Bungalo Records/Universal Music Group Distribution.	Earth Hertz Records	2007
inception	The Game Critics Awards are a set of annual awards held after the E3 video game conference since 1998.	Game Critics Awards	1998
inception	The Campaign for Social Science was launched in 2011 to advocate social science to the UK Government and to the public, at a time of significant change in the higher education system.	Campaign for Social Science	2011
inception	The saga of the MAK College of Pharmacy started with the college's establishment by Mr. Zakir Osman in 2011 at Chilkur Village, Moinabad, Rangareddy district, in the suburbs of Hyderabad.	MAK College of Pharmacy	2011
inception	The Company was founded by Samuel Tuke and Joseph Rowntree, both Quakers, in 1832 in Bradford as the Friends Provident Institution, a friendly society for members of the Religious Society of Friends (Quakers).	Friends Provident	1832
inception	The Community of St. John is a religious institute founded by Dominican Father Marie-Dominique Philippe in 1975.	Community of St. John	1975
inception	Vidya Prasarak Mandal's Maharshi Parshuram College of Engineering was started at Velneshwar in 2012.	Maharshi Parshuram College of Engineering	2012
inception	School is Cool is a Belgian baroque-pop band founded in September 2009.	School is Cool	2009
inception	Dyn'Aéro was founded in October 1992 at Darois, France by the team of three who built the first CR100, with CEO Christophe Robin.	Dyn'Aéro	1992
inception	Founded in 1935, the Gibran Museum possesses 440 original paintings and drawings of Gibran and his tomb.	Gibran Museum	1935
inception	Aythos was founded in October, 2009 after Beau Miller visited the village of Gangkharka in the Helambu region while a boarding school was being built.	Aythos	2009
inception	Chimei Philharmonic Orchestra (Chinese: 奇美愛樂管弦樂團; pinyin: Qíměi Aiyuè Guǎnxiányuè Tuán), formerly known as Chimei Symphony Orchestra (Chinese: 奇美管絃樂團), is a Taiwanese symphony orchestra organized in 2003 by Chi Mei Group, an international plastics producer and liquid crystal display maker.	Chimei Philharmonic Orchestra	2003
inception	Taiwan Lighting Fixture Export Association was officially established on 23 March 1989, create its purpose on Improve the foreign trade、Promote the economic growth、Enhance the communication and Interaction and Increase the mutual interests''.	Taiwan Lighting Fixture Export Association	23 March 1989
inception	The brand was reintroduced in 1996 as Hilton Garden Inn and has grown from four hotels to more than 625 properties in about 20 years.	Hilton Garden Inn	1996
inception	Endless Games is a games manufacturer based in Matawan, New Jersey and founded in 1996 by industry veterans Mike Gasser, Kevin McNulty and game inventor Brian Turtle.	Endless Games	1996
inception	3WBC was granted a full-time community broadcasting license in September 2001, continuing to broadcast from what had been the front bedroom of a suburban house.	3WBC	2001
inception	The Bucharest Symphony Orchestra is a Romanian orchestra based in Bucharest, founded in 2006 by the Philson Young Association.	Bucharest Symphony Orchestra	2006
inception	They have been releasing music under various aliases since 1989 before switching to Moto Blanco in 2003 when they moved to mainstream production.	Moto Blanco	1989
inception	Hospital to Alta (Norwegian: Sykehus til Alta) was a Norwegian political party which was active for the 2013 parliamentary election.	Hospital to Alta	2013
inception	The 57th was reactivated as the 57th Rescue Squadron at Lakenheath in February 2015.	57th Rescue Squadron	2015
inception	Killer Be Killed is an American heavy metal supergroup founded by The Dillinger Escape Plan vocalist Greg Puciato and Soulfly/Cavalera Conspiracy/ex-Sepultura/Nailbomb frontman Max Cavalera in early 2011.	Killer Be Killed	2011
inception	GLO Jeans is an American brand of jeans founded in 2001.	GLO Jeans	2001
inception	Primark was first opened by Arthur Ryan in June 1969 in Mary Street, Dublin under the name Penneys.	Primark	1969
inception	Zubtsov was first mentioned in a chronicle in 1216.	Zubtsov	1216
inception	The SCAD Museum of Art was founded in 2002 as part of the Savannah College of Art and Design in Savannah, Georgia and originally was known as the Earle W. Newton Center for British American Studies.	SCAD Museum of Art	2002
inception	Trade Unionist and Socialist Coalition (TUSC) is a socialist electoral alliance launched in Britain for the 2010 General Election.	Trade Unionist and Socialist Coalition	2010
inception	TFcon is a Transformers fan convention held annually since 2002 in the Greater Toronto Area.	TFcon	2002
inception	The bank is the result of the merger of Banco Itaú and Unibanco, which occurred on November 4, 2008 to form Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A, the largest financial conglomerate in the Southern Hemisphere and is the 10th largest bank in the world by market value.	Itaú Unibanco	2008
inception	Created in 1978 by the Government of Quebec and established in 1979, Zec Martin-Valin is administered by the ``Association de chasse et de pêche Martin-Pêcheur inc'' which ensures its development and growth.	Zec Martin-Valin	1978
inception	Bizagi is a privately owned software company established in 1989 with headquarters in the UK, and offices in USA, Spain & Latin America.	Bizagi	1989
inception	The University of Gdańsk was established in 1970 by the amalgamation of the Higher School of Economics in Sopot (in existence since 1945) and Gdańsk College of Education (formed in 1946).	University of Gdańsk	1970
inception	CBS Radio is one of the oldest units within CBS Corporation, and has been around since 1928.	CBS Radio	1928
inception	The Fort Worth Zoo is a zoo in Fort Worth, Texas, United States, that was founded in 1909 with one lion, two bear cubs, an alligator, a coyote, a peacock and a few rabbits.	Fort Worth Zoo	1909
inception	Eurosport first launched on European satellites on 5 February 1989.	Eurosport	1989
inception	Stray from the Path is an American hardcore punk band formed in 2001 in Long Island, New York.	Stray from the Path	2001
inception	Chappelli Cycles was started in 2010 by an Australia entrepreneur Tom Davies and English industrial designer Pablo Chappelli.	Chappelli Cycles	2010
inception	Monsp Records is an independent Finnish record company founded by Keijo ``Kepe'' Kiiskinen in 1997.	Monsp Records	1997
inception	The Ryanair Pilot Group (RPG) is an unrecognized labor union formed in 2012 by pilots working for the low cost Irish airline, Ryanair.	Ryanair Pilot Group	2012
inception	The Woodward Gallery is a contemporary fine art gallery that opened in April 1994 under the incorporation G.O.L.A, Inc. (Gallery of Living Artists).	Woodward Gallery	1994
inception	The Art Directors Guild Hall of Fame was established by the Art Directors Guild in 2005 to recognize and honor the accomplishments and contributions of legendary art directors and production designers.	Art Directors Guild Hall of Fame	2005
inception	Ugly Man Records was set up in Bootle, Merseyside in 1986 with the release of ``Wonderful Life'' by the Liverpool-based band, Black.	Ugly Man Records	1986
inception	The Chicago Board of Trade established the Chicago Board Options Exchange in 1973.	Chicago Board Options Exchange	1973
inception	United Australian Automobile Industries (UAAI) was an automobile model sharing firm that operated in Australia between 1987 and 1996 as the result of an agreement between Holden (the Australian subsidiary of General Motors) and Toyota Australia.	United Australian Automobile Industries	1987
inception	It was founded in 2001 by Martin Dewey, with the first outlet, ``The Square Pie Company'', being opened in Spitalfields Market in November of that year.	Square Pie	2001
inception	Ebiquity -- formerly Thomson Intermedia -- was founded in 1997, to provide an advertising monitoring system linked directly to media expenditure.	Ebiquity	1997
inception	On 1 July 2006, You TV was relabelled as Sumo TV.	Sumo TV	2006
inception	Day Without Art began on December 1, 1989 as the national day of action and mourning in response to the AIDS crisis.	Day Without Art	1989
inception	The two schools became officially known as BridgeValley Community and Technical College in the fall of 2014.	BridgeValley Community and Technical College	2014
inception	The Dapol brand name was first used in a Railway Modeller advert of September 1983.	Dapol	1983
inception	The Afghan Women's Network (AWN) is a non-governmental organization (NGO) which was created in 1996 by Afghan women following the World Conference on Women in Beijing and works to ``empower women and ensure their equal participation in Afghan society.''	Afghan Women's Network	1996
inception	The 2002 consolidation of Laurel Technical College, Somerset Community College, and Somerset Technical College produced a comprehensive community and technical college whose beginning reaches back to 1940.	Somerset Community College	2002
inception	The RiverCity Rage began play in 2001 as the St. Louis Renegades of the Indoor Professional Football League, finishing fourth in the league with a 2-11 record.	RiverCity Rage	2001
inception	It was created by Royal Decree-Law 13/2010 on December 3, 2010 replacing the previous public business entity Loterías y Apuestas del Estado.	Loterías y Apuestas del Estado	2010
inception	Breaks Co-Op is a New Zealand band, formed in 1997, initially recorded with Deepgrooves Entertainment and more recently with EMI.	Breaks Co-Op	1997
inception	Sivantos Group was spun off from Siemens Audiology Solutions after Siemens AG sold the company to EQT VI and Santo Holding GmbH in 2015.	Sivantos	2015
inception	The Mezhraiontsy group was founded in November 1913 by three Bolsheviks (Konstantin Yurenev, A. M. Novosyolov and E. M. Adamovich) and one Menshevik, N. M. Yegorov.	Mezhraiontsy	November 1913
inception	Founded in 1989 by Calvin O. Butts, III of the Abyssinian Baptist Church, Abyssinian Development Corporation (``ADC'') is a not-for-profit comprehensive community and economic development corporation dedicated to building the human, social, and physical capital in Harlem.	Abyssinian Development Corporation	1989
inception	The Vancouver Hospital and Health Sciences Centre was formed in 1993 when Vancouver General Hospital merged with UBC Hospital to operate as one entity on two sites.	Vancouver Hospital and Health Sciences Centre	1993
inception	Keshet Rabbis is an organization of Conservative/Masorti rabbis, cofounded in 2003 by Menachem Creditor, which holds that gay, lesbian, bisexual and transgender Jews should be embraced as full, open members of all Conservative congregations and institutions.	Keshet Rabbis	2003
inception	Washington Families Standing Together (WAFST) was founded in 2009 to preserve domestic partnerships in Washington State by urging voters to approve Referendum 71.	Washington Families Standing Together	2009
inception	The County of Modica was a feudal territory within the Kingdom of Sicily from 1296 to 1812.	County of Modica	1296
inception	The Dacia Logan Cup has been held in Romania as Cupa Dacia Logan JOE in 2007.	Dacia Logan Cup	2007
inception	The House of Grimaldi have ruled Monaco, with brief interruptions, since 1297.	Monaco	1297
inception	Barnum's Aquarial Gardens (June 1862 -- February 1863) in Boston, Massachusetts, USA, was a public aquarium, zoo, and performance space located on Washington Street in the Financial District.	Barnum's Aquarial Gardens	June 1862
inception	On 1 April 2014 a new Seebataillon (Naval Force Protection Battalion) was formed from existing naval protection forces, boarding teams, and the Minentaucher company.	Seebataillon	2014
inception	BC Mažeikiai was founded in 2005 by Mažeikiai government and various businessmen.	BC Mažeikiai	2005
inception	Ljungskile SK, formed in 1926, is famous for their promotions between 1990 to 1997.	Ljungskile SK	1926
inception	Friends of Cancer Research was founded in 1996 to mark the 25th Anniversary of the National Cancer Act.	Friends of Cancer Research	1996
inception	Haydaryan is an Iranian security force established in 2009 by Ayatollah Ali Khamenei as a small, elite militia dedicated to preserving the Islamic Republic's Supreme Leader.	Haydaryan	2009
inception	The Samoan National Development Party was a political party in Samoa, and the country's main opposition party between 1988 and 2003.	Samoan National Development Party	1988
inception	Following a massive decline in orders for tracked combat vehicles between 1983 and 1994 FMC and the Harsco Corporation agreed in January 1994 to combine their defense businesses to form United Defense.	United Defense	January 1994
inception	Spry Fox is a video game producing company headquartered in Seattle, United States, that was founded in 2010 by David Edery and Daniel Cook.	Spry Fox	2010
inception	Fiverr was founded by Shai Wininger and Micha Kaufman in 2009, and is headquartered in Tel Aviv, Israel.	Fiverr	2009
inception	The Saturnine was formed in 2003 by drummer Dennis Leeflang (Bumblefoot, Sun Caged, Within Temptation, Epica), guitarist/songwriter Eric Hazebroek (Daeonia, Trisomy, Manifest, Stream of Passion) and bassist Douwe de Wilde (Daeonia).	The Saturnine	2003
inception	The Countryside Agency in England was a statutory body set up in 1999 with the task of improving the quality of the rural environment and the lives of those living in it.	Countryside Agency	1999
inception	The Guardian of Zion Award is an annual award given since 1997 to Jews who have been supportive of the State of Israel.	Guardian of Zion Award	1997
inception	The umbrella group was formed in 2007 under the name BMG Label Group, was rebranded as RCA/JIVE Label Group in 2009.	RCA/JIVE Label Group	2007
inception	The Dubrovniks were an Australian rock band which formed in August 1986 as The Adorable Ones.	Dubrovniks	1986
inception	Founded in 1999 by Philip Urso (MCF Communications, eFortress) and Jeffrey Thompson (eFortress), Towerstream held its first public offering in January 2007 and trades on the NASDAQ Capital Markets under symbol TWER.	Towerstream	1999
inception	California State University, Bakersfield (often abbreviated CSUB or shortened to CSU Bakersfield) is a public university located in Bakersfield, California, United States, and was founded in 1965.	California State University, Bakersfield	1965
inception	The Kramdens are a Canadian Indie rock band formed in 1990 from Guelph, Ontario, Canada.	The Kramdens	1990
inception	Ebates was founded in 1998 in Menlo Park, CA by two former deputy district attorneys, Alessandro Isolani and Paul Wasserman.	Ebates	1998
inception	Treehouse TV (or Treehouse) is a Canadian English-language cable television specialty channel that was launched on November 1, 1997.	Treehouse TV	1997
inception	The Inaugural Afro-Asian Games were held in 2003 in Hyderabad, India.	Afro-Asian Games	2003
inception	Established by SkyCable, ABS-CBN, and the Lopez Group of Companies in 1999, Knowledge Channel is being operated by the Knowledge Channel Foundation, Inc.(KCFI).	Knowledge Channel	1999
inception	The station of Imandra may have been a part of Imandrsky Selsoviet, which possibly existed in 1922--1924 in Kolsko-Loparskaya Volost of Alexandrovsky Uyezd of Arkhangelsk Governorate in the Russian SFSR, although some documents included it as a part of Yekostrovsky Selsoviet.	Imandra	1924
inception	The Köstritzer brewery, founded in 1543, is one of the oldest producers of Schwarzbier (black lager) in Germany.	Köstritzer	1543
inception	Environics Communications was founded in 1994 after Bruce MacLellan approached Michael Adams at Environics Research with the idea for the firm.	Environics Communications	1994
inception	IGEL Technology GmbH was started in 1989 as IGEL GmbH, developing and distributing the first multivideo graphic cards for UNIX environments.	IGEL Technology	1989
inception	Miss Angola is Angola's national pageant which was founded in 1997, the winner competes in Miss Universe and in Miss World.	Miss Angola	1997
inception	The Triple Door is a dinner theater, lounge and music venue founded in the fall of 2003, located at 216 Union Street in Seattle, Washington.	The Triple Door	2003
inception	Galatasaray Museum (officially Galatasaray University Culture&Art Center) (Turkish: Galatasaray Müzesi) is a cultural center in Istanbul, Turkey, founded in 1868 by Ali Sami Yen, to inform the society of the traditions and history of Galatasaray.	Galatasaray Museum	1868
inception	Calvin Christian Collegiate was established in 2002 to extend the educational program at Calvin Christian School into the high school years.	Calvin Christian Collegiate	2002
inception	The Fiji Islands Council of Trade Unions (FICTU) was established in August, 2002 as a breakaway from and rival to the FTUC.	Fiji Islands Council of Trade Unions	2002
inception	Edsvik Konsthall was founded in May 1996 and is located at Stallbacken next to Edsberg castle in Sollentuna municipality.	Edsvik Konsthall	1996
inception	Ring Warriors was initially a member promotion of the National Wrestling Alliance from its inception in September 2011, but in 2012, Ring Warriors separated from NWA.	Ring Warriors	2011
inception	Zealong is a New Zealand tea company based in Hamilton, New Zealand, where local climate, terroir, and lack of heavy frost aid in growing the camellia sinensis tea plant and encouraged initial propagation trials in 1996.	Zealong	1996
inception	Porcos Cegos (previously known as Blind Pigs) is a punk rock band formed in 1993 in the city of Barueri, Brazil, mainly influenced by Forgotten Rebels, Misfits and Ramones.	Porcos Cegos	1993
inception	RocketShip Tours is an American space tourism company founded in 2008 by travel industry entrepreneur Jules Klar and which planned to provide sub-orbital human spaceflights to the paying public, in partnership with rocketplane developer XCOR Aerospace.	RocketShip Tours	2008
inception	Hamdan International Photography Award (HIPA) -- is an international photographic award, founded in 2011 under the patronage of crown prince of Dubai sheikh Hamdan bin Rashid bin Mohammed al Maktoum.	Hamdan International Photography Award	2011
inception	The State of Muskogee was a proclaimed sovereign nation located in Florida, founded in 1799 and led by William Augustus Bowles, a Loyalist veteran of the American Revolutionary War who lived among the Muscogee, and envisioned uniting the American Indians of the Southeast into a single nation that could resist the expansion of the United States.	State of Muskogee	1799
inception	The city bought the house in 1937, and after an extensive restoration the Rubenshuis was opened to the public in 1946.	Rubenshuis	1946
inception	Founded in 1884 in Switzerland, Omya has a global presence extending to more than 180 locations in over 50 countries with 8,000 employees.	Omya	1884
inception	Activated in 1991 as the 432d Operations Group when its parent 432d Fighter Wing converted to the Objective Wing organization.	432d Operations Group	1991
inception	On October 13, 1913, law professor Dr. Charles Gerstenberg and his student Richard Ettinger founded Prentice Hall.	Prentice Hall	1913
inception	III Marine Expeditionary Force was activated as I Amphibious Corps 1 Oct. 1942 in Camp Elliott, San Diego, Calif. Later that month, they were deployed to Noumea, New Caledonia.	III Marine Expeditionary Force	1942
inception	The National Mining Association (NMA), is a United States trade organization that lists itself as the voice of the mining industry in Washington, D.C. NMA was formed in 1995, and has more than 325 corporate members.	National Mining Association	1995
inception	Bitch Magnet was an American post-hardcore band who formed in 1986 at Oberlin College in Ohio and later moved to North Carolina.	Bitch Magnet	1986
inception	The Norwegian Maritime Museum (Norwegian: Norsk Maritimt Museum), previously known as the Norsk Sjøfartsmuseum, founded in 1914, is located at Bygdøynesveien on the Bygdøy peninsula, on the western side of Oslo, Norway.	Norwegian Maritime Museum	1914
inception	Air Force Bal Bharati School (AFBBS) established 1955, is a senior secondary school situated on Lodi Road, New Delhi, India, and run by the Indian Air Force Educational and Cultural Society.	Air Force Bal Bharati School	1955
inception	HitFix, or HitFix.com, is an entertainment news website that launched in December 2008 specializing in breaking entertainment news, insider information, and reviews and critiques of film, music, and television.	HitFix	2008
inception	LinkWater, the trading name of the Queensland Bulk Water Transport Authority, a former statutory authority of the Government of Queensland was in operation between 2008 and 2012.	LinkWater	2008
inception	Centaur Cable Network, Channel 3, is a television station and multimedia company operating from Orange Walk District, Belize, since 1989.	Centaur Cable Network	1989
inception	And so, on July 17, 1951 United States President Harry S. Truman signed a bill, which created the Delaware River Port Authority.	Delaware River Port Authority	1951
inception	Magnificat Academy was a Catholic middle school and high school located in Warren, Massachusetts, which opened in 2005 in the Parish Hall and Rectory of St. Paul Church with 20 students.	Magnificat Academy	2005
inception	The company was formed as Sanofi-Aventis in 2004 by the merger of Aventis and Sanofi-Synthélabo, which were each the product of several previous mergers.	Sanofi	2004
inception	Spazio Interiore is an Italian publishing house, founded in Rome in October 2012.	Spazio Interiore	2012
inception	Taking a year longer to produce, the 1947 Lambretta featured a rear pillion seat for a passenger or optionally a storage compartment.	Lambretta	1947
inception	Vientiane International School (VIS) is an International Baccalaureate World School in Vientiane, Laos, established in 1991.	Vientiane International School	1991
inception	Eurojet Airlines was an airline based in France founded in 2003.	Eurojet Airlines	2003
inception	Youth Entrepreneurs Kansas was founded in 1991 by the Charles G. Koch Charitable Foundation as an eight-week course at a Wichita high school, designed to improve the professional potential of at-risk students, an objective which remains a central goal of the organization, although the program is open to all high school students.	Youth Entrepreneurs Kansas	1991
inception	The Lawrence Arms are an American punk rock band from Chicago, formed in 1999.	The Lawrence Arms	1999
inception	On 8 November 2003, the JMIP decided to rename itself Forward Wales.	Forward Wales	8 November 2003
inception	Solaris Books was founded in February 2007 by BL Publishing, to trade alongside their existing licence-based imprint the Black Library, and the then-existing Black Flame imprint.	Solaris Books	2007
inception	The Chilean National Zoo (Zoológico Nacional de Chile) is a 4.8-hectare (12-acre) zoo that was founded in 1925 in Santiago, Chile.	Chilean National Zoo	1925
inception	The Ausar Auset Society is a Pan-African religious organization founded in 1973 by Ra Un Nefer Amen.	Ausar Auset Society	1973
inception	Reuther's Treaty of Detroit was a five-year contract negotiated by trade union president Walter Reuther between the United Auto Workers (UAW) and General Motors in 1950 known as the ``Treaty of Detroit''.	Reuther's Treaty of Detroit	1950
inception	GUN Records (Great Unlimited Noises) was a record label located in Bochum, Northrhine-Westphalia, Germany and was founded 1992 by Bogdan Kopec (DRAKKAR Promotion Musikverlag GmbH) and Wolfgang Funk.	GUN Records	1992
inception	The Treaty establishing the Central American Parliament and other political bodies was signed in 1987; its first formal session was carried out on 28 October 1991 in Guatemala City.	Central American Parliament	1991
inception	Derby Pride Academy is an Alternative Provision Free School that opened in September 2012.	Derby Pride Academy	2012
inception	The airline was established on 13 July 2005 and never started its own operations because Air Asturias never obtained its airline certificate.	Air Asturias	2005
inception	Folkeopplysningsprisen is a Norwegian prize awarded annually by Voksenopplæringsforbundet, the Norwegian Association for Adult Learning (NAAL), since 1998, in connection with the ``Education days for adults'', formerly ``Week of Adult Learning''.	Folkeopplysningsprisen	1998
inception	The Deer Commission for Scotland was formed by the Deer (Scotland) Act 1996.	Deer Commission for Scotland	1996
inception	From January 2009 until September 2015, the UK Contractors Group (UKCG) was the primary association for construction contractors operating in the UK.	UK Contractors Group	2009
inception	The Oceania Squash Federation (OSF) was set up in 1992 regulates squash throughout Oceania.	Oceania Squash Federation	1992
inception	Kim Il-sung University, founded on 1 October 1946, is the first university built in North Korea.	Kim Il-sung University	1946
inception	The Climate and Development Knowledge Network (CDKN) is a £72 million (US$100 million) initiative, formed in 2010, that links developing countries with experts on climate change.	Climate and Development Knowledge Network	2010
inception	Ar-Namys (Kyrgyz: Ар-Намыс, meaning Dignity) is a political party in Kyrgyzstan founded on July 9, 1999 by former Prime Minister Felix Kulov.	Ar-Namys	1999
inception	Paper + Plastick is an American independent record label and comic-book publisher, founded in 2008 and based in Gainesville, Florida.	Paper + Plastick	2008
inception	PRA Group began as Portfolio Recovery Associates, LLC in March 1996, starting with eight people in Virginia Beach, Virginia and start-up capital from Angelo, Gordon & Co..	PRA Group	1996
inception	BlöödHag was formed in 1996 as a 2 piece, 4-track recording project with Dr. J.M. McNulty on guitar and Professor Jake Stratton singing but soon added Sir Zachary Orgel on bass and a Drum Machine (Philthy ``the Drum Machine'' Taylor).	BlöödHag	1996
inception	Vincent Motorcycles was a British manufacturer of motorcycles from 1928 to 1955.	Vincent Motorcycles	1928
inception	Party X was established in 1990 by Stanisław Tymiński after the first round of the presidential elections that year.	Party X	1990
inception	The DS Virgin Racing Formula E Team is a British motor racing team under ownership of Virgin Group that competes in the electric racing series, Formula E. In May 2014, it was announced that Jaime Alguersuari and Sam Bird would drive for the team in its inaugural season.	DS Virgin Racing	2014
inception	Fifth on the Floor is an American alternative country, southern rock band formed in Lexington, Kentucky in 2006, and consists of Ryan Clackner (lead guitar), Kevin Hogle (drums), Jason Parsons (bass/vocals), and Justin Wells (vocals/guitars).	Fifth on the Floor	2006
inception	In 1989, Jagdish Saxena formed Elder Pharmaceuticals in Mumbai.	Elder Pharmaceuticals	1989
inception	Riverside Publishing was established as a wholly owned subsidiary of Houghton Mifflin Harcourt, a leading educational publisher in the United States, in 1979, and continues to serve as the corporation's research and testing division today.	Riverside Publishing	1979
inception	The Louisville Shooting Stars were a minor league professional ice hockey team that played in the International Hockey League during the 1953--54 season.	Louisville Shooting Stars	1953
inception	WKHL began broadcasting at 7am on June 15, 1992 as WGLM.	WKHL	1992
inception	The Sarawak Progressive Democratic Party, or SPDP (Malay: Parti Demokratik Progresif Sarawak) is a Sarawak based political party in Malaysia founded in 2002.	Sarawak Progressive Democratic Party	2002
inception	Glassnote Records (also known as Glassnote Entertainment Group LLC) is a record label that was launched by American music executive, Daniel Glass, in 2007.	Glassnote Records	2007
inception	A. V. C. College of Engineering was started in 1996 by A. V. Charities, which began its educational services by starting the A. V. C. College in 1955 and the A. V. C. Polytechnic in 1983.	A. V. C. College of Engineering	1996
inception	Istanbul Kemerburgaz University is a foundation university established 2008 in İstanbul, Turkey.	Istanbul Kemerburgaz University	2008
inception	On May 23--25, 2008, the Crypticon Seattle Horror Convention took place at the DoubleTree Hotel in SeaTac, Washington.	Crypticon	2008
inception	Council for United Civil Rights Leadership (CUCRL) was an umbrella group formed in June 1963 to organize and regulate the Civil Rights Movement.	Council for United Civil Rights Leadership	June 1963
inception	Mint 400 Records was founded in 2007 by indie music veteran Neil Sabatino.	Mint 400 Records	2007
inception	Thus, on 31 August 1948, the Mountain Plains Library Association was born	Mountain Plains Library Association	1948
inception	Nawaat (Arabic: نواة) is an independent collective blog co-founded by Tunisians Sami Ben Gharbia, Sufian Guerfali and Riadh Guerfali in 2004, with Malek Khadraoui joining the organization in 2006.	Nawaat	2004
inception	The Tallahassee Tiger Sharks were a minor professional ice hockey team that played in the ECHL from 1994--2001.	Tallahassee Tiger Sharks	1994
inception	InSight Crime was founded by Jeremy McDermott and Steven Dudley in April 2010 under the endorsement of the Fundación Ideas para la Paz (FIP) in Bogotá, Colombia and with the financial support of the Open Society Foundation.	InSight Crime	2010
inception	The Christophers are a Christian inspirational group that was founded in 1945 by Father James Keller.	The Christophers	1945
inception	Filipino TV launched in July 2004 under the name ECG Filipino and featured programming from now-defunct Pinoy Central TV.	Filipino TV	2004
inception	Age of Chance were a British alternative rock-dance crossover band from Leeds, England active from 1985 to 1991.	Age of Chance	1985
inception	Jim's Big Ego is a Boston, Massachusetts-based band formed in 1995 under the leadership of singer/songwriter Jim Infantino.	Jim's Big Ego	1995
inception	Grumpynators was founded in February 2011 by Christian Nørgaard (Guitar) and Emil Øelund (Guitar, Lead Vocals).	Grumpynators	2011
inception	Quilmes Rock is a major Argentine music festival, held annually from 2002 to 2004, and from 2007 on.	Quilmes Rock	2002
inception	RESQ is a brand of energy drink which was originally developed in Austria in 1999 and was intended to be sold exclusively on the North American beverage market.	RESQ	1999
inception	Barron's Educational Series, Inc. is an American test preparation company, founded in 1941 as a publisher of materials to help students to prepare for college entrance examinations, and that offers online college entrance exam preparation classes.	Barron's Educational Series	1941
inception	In 1889, with the advent of the Brazilian Republic, Espírito Santo finally became a state.	Espírito Santo	1889
inception	In 1946, Dr. Yoo and his supporters, who later became benefactors of Konkuk University, established the Chosun School of Politics, a junior college for future politicians.	Konkuk University	1946
inception	The Deutsche Akademie was a German cultural institute founded in 1925 at Munich, under the Weimar Republic.	Deutsche Akademie	1925
inception	Contemode, stylized in all lower case, was a Japanese record label founded by Yasutaka Nakata in 2003.	Contemode	2003
inception	The Coalition for Innovative Media Measurement (CIMM) is a trade group founded in 2009 by television content providers, media agencies and advertisers to explore ways to measure audiences across media in the United States.	Coalition for Innovative Media Measurement	2009
inception	Vierzon Foot 18 is a French association football club founded in 2001 as the result of a merger between FC Vierzon and Stade Vierzonnais.	Vierzon Foot 18	2001
inception	The Indios de Oriente was a baseball club which played from 1956 through 1964 in the Venezuelan Professional Baseball League.	Indios de Oriente	1956
inception	Adolf Bleichert & Co. was a famous German engineering firm founded in 1874 by Adolf Bleichert.	Bleichert	1874
inception	ProgPower USA is a progressive, power metal, and progressive rock festival held annually in the United States since 2001.	ProgPower USA	2001
inception	Axis of Advance was a Canadian death metal band from Edmonton, Alberta that formed in 1998 and dissolved in 2008.	Axis of Advance	1998
inception	AICAR Business School was established in 2002 by the co-founder and Chairman of Chaitra Leo Burnett, Mr. Walter Saldanha.	AICAR Business School	2002
inception	The commune of Les Lilas (literally ``the lilacs'') was created on 24 July 1867 by detaching a part of the territory of Romainville and merging it with a part of the territory of Pantin and a part of the territory of Bagnolet.	Les Lilas	24 July 1867
inception	In 2003, the team was renamed Atlético Veragüense.	Atlético Veragüense	2003
inception	Daysend (pronounced days-end) was a melodic death metal band from Sydney, Australia, assembled in 2002.	Daysend	2002
inception	Wallyball (known in some places as rebound volleyball) is a fast-paced sport that was created by Bill Dejonghe at the Calabasas Racquetball Club (Calabasas, California), in 1979.	Wallyball	1979
inception	Founder Technology was established in 1986 and listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange in 1990.	Founder Technology	1986
inception	In Hearts Wake is an Australian metalcore band from Byron Bay, formed in 2006, currently consisting of Jake Taylor (unclean vocals), Kyle Erich (clean vocals, bass guitar), Eaven Dall (lead guitar) and Ben Nairne, (rhythm guitar).	In Hearts Wake	2006
inception	Aerocom was founded in 1998 and operated chartered passenger and cargo services out of Chişinău International Airport.	Aerocom	1998
inception	Throes of Dawn is a dark metal band from Finland, formed in 1994 by Henri Koivula (vocals) and Jani Heinola (synth).	Throes of Dawn	1994
inception	Northside Independent School District and the business community combined their resources in 1991 to create Business Careers High School.	Business Careers High School	1991
inception	Opened in September 2001, Sixth College seeks to create student scholars that are dynamic, cutting edge, and well-versed in modern technology.	Sixth College	2001
inception	It was founded in 1994 by Ted Price as ``Xtreme Software'', and was renamed ``Insomniac Games'' a year later.	Insomniac Games	1994
inception	CTC Media (till 2004 - StoryFirst Communications) was established by a U.S. entrepreneur Peter Gerwe in 1989 in Delaware in the United States.	CTC Media	1989
inception	Formed in 2004 as a recording project by Andrea Gobbi and Laura Donnelly (formerly of God's Boyfriend), Laki Mera took their name from the Chimaera of Greek mythology.	Laki Mera	2004
inception	Educational Psychology Review is a peer reviewed academic journal on the topic of educational psychology started in 1989, published by Springer Science+Business Media.	Educational Psychology Review	1989
inception	The Monkey Sanctuary was founded in 1964 by Len Williams, father of classical guitarist John Williams, as a cooperative to care for rescued woolly monkeys.	Monkey Sanctuary	1964
inception	Somerset Berkley Regional High School is the public high school for the towns of Somerset and Berkley, Massachusetts, beginning in September 2011.	Somerset Berkley Regional High School	2011
inception	Bayou City Broadcasting, LLC is a broadcasting company founded in December 2007 and owned by DuJuan McCoy.	Bayou City Broadcasting	2007
inception	Recess Records is an independent record label founded in 1989 with the release of F.Y.P's Extra Credit, an 11 song 7-inch record.	Recess Records	1989
inception	Ofermod are a black/death metal band formed in Sweden in 1996.	Ofermod	1996
inception	The title Kazakhstani Footballer of the Year (Қазақстанның ең үздік футболшысы) has been awarded in Kazakhstan since 1992.	Kazakhstani Footballer of the Year	1992
inception	Brian Sullivan, Arthur Hinds, Larry Morris and Clyde Gilbert formed Emerald Rose in late 1996.	Emerald Rose	1996
inception	Briggs Farm Blues Festival is an annual event that takes place near Hazleton, Pennsylvania in the town of Nescopeck, Nescopeck Township, Luzerne County, Pennsylvania since the summer of 1998.	Briggs Farm Blues Festival	1998
inception	The Quail Motorcycle Gathering is a motorcycle rally and Concours d'Elegance held annually since 2009 at Carmel, California.	Quail Motorcycle Gathering	2009
inception	The Tal Institute (Hebrew: מכון טל‎, Makhon Tal), founded in 1999, is the main women's division of the Jerusalem College of Technology.	Tal Institute	1999
inception	The New Orleans Brass was a hockey team in the ECHL from 1997-2002.	New Orleans Brass	1997
inception	The University of Greenland was established in 1987 to provide local higher education for Greenland.	University of Greenland	1987
inception	Plantasia is a large public hothouse, located in the Parc Tawe retail park, Swansea, Wales that opened in 1990.	Plantasia	1990
inception	Established in Redmond, Washington in 2001, Solid Documents, LLC was founded by CEO Michael Cartwright with the goal of becoming the leader in document productivity software.	Solid Documents	2001
inception	The Assam Higher Secondary Education Council was established by the Assam government on 1 June 1984 to regulate, supervise and develop the system of higher secondary education in the State of Assam.	Assam Higher Secondary Education Council	1984
inception	TearScience is an American company founded in 2005 that develops, manufactures and markets ophthalmic medical devices aiding in the identification and treatment of Meibomian gland Dysfunction, also known as Dry eye disease.	TearScience	2005
inception	The School of Business and Computer Science (SBCS) is a tertiary level school in Trinidad and Tobago which was founded in 1986 and formally began operations in 1987.	School of Business and Computer Science	1986
inception	Sleaszy Rider Records is an independent record label which was founded in 1999 by Tolis G. Palantzas.	Sleaszy Rider Records	1999
inception	All News Channel was launched in 1989, through a partnership formed between Viacom and Hubbard called CONUS Communications (CONUS being an acronym for Continental U.S.), which included a news video-sharing service for local television stations nationwide, particularly those affiliated with a major broadcast network.	All News Channel	1989
inception	Faller (styled as FALLER) is a German toy company founded in Stuttgart in 1946 by brothers Edwin and Hermann Faller.	Faller	1946
inception	In 1999, the Ithaca Discovery Trail was established using a grant to fund a part-time coordinator.	Ithaca Discovery Trail	1999
inception	The Modern University for the Humanities (MUH) (Russian: Современная гуманитарная академия), established in 1992, is a state-accredited higher educational institution in Moscow, Russia offering primarily distance-based undergraduate, graduate, and post-graduate studies and vocational education.	Modern University for the Humanities	1992
inception	In 1959 they founded a company called Vitsœ+Zapf to manufacture Rams's furniture designs.	Vitsœ	1959
inception	Bathtub Shitter is a Japanese extreme metal and grindcore band with elements of punk rock, formed in 1996.	Bathtub Shitter	1996
inception	Entombed A.D. is a Swedish death metal band formed in 2014 after Entombed broke up.	Entombed A.D.	2014
inception	On 19 January 1995, the Khortytskyi District was established our of a portion of the Leninskyi District by a decree of the Verkhovna Rada, Ukraine's parliament.	Khortytskyi District	1995
inception	Wine TV launched on September 17, 2004 and is independently owned and operated.	Wine TV	2004
inception	The present Schwarzgold-Rennen, a trial for the German 1,000 Guineas, was introduced in 2008.	Schwarzgold-Rennen	2008
inception	The Operation Command South (OC South) is a formation of the Ukrainian Ground Forces in the southern part of Ukraine, which was formed in January 1998 as the Southern Operation Command on the basis of the Odessa Military District and headquartered in Odessa.	Operation Command South	1998
inception	Karsan was founded in 1966 in Bursa, Turkey, to produce light commercial vehicles.	Karsan	1966
inception	University Technical College Wigan (or Wigan UTC) is a university technical college (UTC) sixth form that opened in Wigan, Greater Manchester, England in September 2013.	University Technical College Wigan	2013
inception	Calvario is a Fusion Rock and Alternative Metal band formed in Cotacachi, Ecuador in 1994.	Calvario	1994
inception	Palo Duro Records is an independent record label established in 2001 to focus primarily on Texas-based singer/songwriters and bands.	Palo Duro Records	2001
inception	Aquila Polonica is an independent publishing house based in the U.S. and the U.K., founded in 2005 by Terry A. Tegnazian and Stefan Mucha.	Aquila Polonica	2005
inception	The Bedtime Record is a defunct record label that began in Chattanooga, TN in 1997 by Jake Cunningham.	The Bedtime Record	1997
inception	Holland Car was founded in 2005, as a joint-venture between the Trento Engineering BV and Ethio-Holland PLC, an Ethiopian importer of used Lada automobiles from the Netherlands.	Holland Car	2005
inception	The SEQ Water Grid Manager, a former statutory authority of the Government of Queensland, was in operation between 2008 and 2012.	SEQ Water Grid Manager	2008
inception	Colors Infinity is a English language general entertainment channel, part of Viacom 18 family, which was announced on July 1, 2015.	Colors Infinity	2015
inception	Sportverein Sandhausen 1916 e.V., commonly known as simply SV Sandhausen or Sandhausen, is a German association football club that plays in Sandhausen, immediately to the south of Heidelberg in Baden-Württemberg.	SV Sandhausen	1916
inception	The Arab Network for Quality Assurance in Higher Education (ANQAHE) was established in 2007 as a nonprofit nongovernmental organization.	Arab Network for Quality Assurance in Higher Education	2007
inception	Khowar Academy (Urdu: کھواراکیڈمی) is an Khowar language organisation founded by Rehmat Aziz in 1996 in Karachi for the promotion of Khowar language spoken in Chitral, Swat, Ghizer(Gilgit-Baltistan) Pakistan Sheghnan(Afghanistan) and Xinjing(China) and Chatur (India).	Khowar Academy	1996
inception	Ibrahim Medical College (IMC) (Bengali: ইব্রাহিম মেডিকেল কলেজ) is a private medical school in Bangladesh, established in 2002.	Ibrahim Medical College	2002
inception	Changents is a privately owned and operated interactive storytelling and social networking platform that was launched in June 2008 by Alex Hofmann and Deron Triff.	Changents	2008
inception	Nightboat Books is an American nonprofit literary press founded in 2003 and located in New York, New York and Callicoon, New York.	Nightboat Books	2003
inception	The first Pure Speculation Convention took place in October 2005 at the Coast Terrace Inn, and had a decent turnout for a first-time gathering.	Pure Speculation	2005
inception	In 2007, the state government, in cooperation with Pos Malaysia, decided to set up the Malacca Stamp Museum at the building.	Malacca Stamp Museum	2007
inception	Nucleus Torn was originally founded in 1997 as a one-man band by Fredy Schnyder, a versatile musician playing a variety of instruments including acoustic and electric guitars, the piano, recorders, the hammered dulcimer, the bouzouki, percussions, the oud, and others.	Nucleus Torn	1997
inception	On July 1, 1915 the Monongahela Railroad consolidated with the Buckhannon and Northern Railway to form the Monongahela Railway Company (MRY), still under the control of the parent companies (PRR and P&LE).	Monongahela Railway	1915
inception	The Holy Sea are an Australian rock band that was formed in Perth, Western Australia in 1999 by frontman Henry F. Skerritt.	The Holy Sea	1999
inception	Irish Distillers Group was formed in 1966, when a merger took place between Irish whiskey distillers John Power & Son, John Jameson & Son and the Cork Distillery Company.	Irish Distillers	1966
inception	The Hackensaw Boys are a string band formed in 1999 and based in central Virginia.	The Hackensaw Boys	1999
inception	The Young Australian Skeptics (YAS) organisation was founded in 2008 by Elliot Birch, with its web site functioning ``as an experimental community-style blog.''	Young Australian Skeptics	2008
inception	The Upper Ruhr Valley Railway (Obere Ruhrtalbahn) was opened in 1870 via Schwerte along the river through Fröndenberg to Arnsberg.	Ruhr Valley Railway	1870
inception	The San Antonio Riders were a professional American football team that played in the WLAF in 1991 and 1992.	San Antonio Riders	1991
inception	The United Nations System Staff College (UNSSC) is a UN Organization established in 2002 by the General Assembly to serve the personnel of the United Nations and its affiliates.	United Nations System Staff College	2002
inception	The Family Law Reform Party was a minor Australian political party that contested the Lindsay by-election, 1996 resulting from the voiding of the 1996 election result due to Liberal member-elect Jackie Kelly's continuing New Zealand citizenship.	Family Law Reform Party	1996
inception	The Catholic University of South Sudan was founded in 2008, as a private institution of higher education.	Catholic University of South Sudan	2008
inception	Bernard Brewery is a Czech family brewery, founded in 1597.	Bernard Brewery	1597
inception	Red Cliffs Mall is a shopping mall located in St. George, Utah that opened in 1990.	Red Cliffs Mall	1990
inception	Acadine Technologies was established in May, 2015, based in Hong Kong with operations in Beijing, Taipei, Palo Alto, and London.	Acadine Technologies	2015
inception	Mashinostroiteley (Russian: Машиностроителей) is a station of the Yekaterinburg Metro which was opened on 27 April 1991.	Mashinostroiteley	1991
inception	Griffith Central is a sub-regional shopping centre which opened on October 30, 2007 in Griffith, New South Wales.	Griffith Central	2007
inception	The Liber Exoniensis or Exon Domesday is a composite land and tax register associated with the Domesday Survey of 1086, covering much of Southwest England.	Liber Exoniensis	1086
inception	David Delaney, graduate of the Berklee College of Music, founded The Whiskey Boys in 2006, with fellow student, Mark Kilianski.	The Whiskey Boys	2006
inception	The first Fatz opened November 1988 in a converted peach shed in Spartanburg, South Carolina; until 2011, it was known as Fatz Cafe.	Fatz	1988
inception	Milw0rm is a group of ``hacktivists'' best known for penetrating the computers of the Bhabha Atomic Research Centre (BARC) in Mumbai, the primary nuclear research facility of India, on June 3, 1998.	Milw0rm	1998
inception	Created in 2006, One Wisconsin Now rose to prominence in 2006 when the group unsuccessfully opposed the election of Annette Ziegler to the Wisconsin Supreme Court.	One Wisconsin Now	2006
inception	Street Child of Sierra Leone (commonly referred to as Street Child or SCoSL) is a United Kingdom-based charity employing local people in Sierra Leone which was founded in 2008 by Tom Dannatt, a businessman in London.	Street Child of Sierra Leone	2008
inception	The Australian Christians is a political party in Australia founded in 2011.	Australian Christians	2011
inception	The African Committee of Experts on the Rights and Welfare of the Child was formed in July 2001, one and half years after the African Charter on the Rights and Welfare of the Child came into force.	African Committee of Experts on the Rights and Welfare of the Child	2001
inception	The Orchid of the Year is a yearly honor given since 1989 to an orchid species native to Germany by the Arbeitskreis Heimische Orchideen (Native Orchid Research Group, AHO), a German orchid conservation federation.	Orchid of the Year	1989
inception	Lùnapop was an Italian pop rock music group, active between 1999 and 2001.	Lùnapop	1999
inception	Jones Intercable was a cable television company founded by Glenn Jones in 1970.	Jones Intercable	1970
inception	The Dead Weather is an American rock supergroup, formed in Nashville, Tennessee in 2009.	The Dead Weather	2009
inception	Fundación ProAves is a nonprofit environmental organization in Colombia established in 1998.	Fundación ProAves	1998
inception	Following the publication of the report in 1993, the Revolving Doors Agency was established by some of the parties involved in the initial publication who sought to demonstrate new ways of working in these three areas of criminal justice, mental health and homelessness.	Revolving Doors Agency	1993
inception	Toon City was founded in 1993 by Colin Baker with roughly ten animators.	Toon City	1993
inception	Korean Air was founded by the South Korean government in 1962 as Korean Air Lines to replace Korean National Airlines, which was founded in 1946.	Korean Air	1962
inception	In 1992 was established Jakob Hatteland Computer AS and took over the development of RamBase.	RamBase	1992
inception	Hair Fairies was founded in 1999 by Maria Botham, who is currently the company President.	Hair Fairies	1999
inception	Chongqing Three Gorges University (CTGU, simplified Chinese: 重庆三峡学院), established in 1956, is a national comprehensive university in China.	Chongqing Three Gorges University	1956
inception	In June 2015, the government of Uganda, officially created Soroti University as a public institution, when the minister of Education, Science and Technology and Sports, Jessica Alupo, introduced a Statutory Instrument followed by a resolution of Parliament to the same effect.	Soroti University	2015
inception	Z-Man Games is a company incorporated in 1999 in the USA to produce games.	Z-Man Games	1999
inception	Nino and the Ebb Tides were a doo-wop recording group based in the Bronx, New York, formed in 1956.	Nino and the Ebb Tides	1956
inception	Xanax 25 is an American alternative rock group that formed in New York, NY in 1991.	Xanax 25	1991
inception	Quick Quack Car Wash was founded in 2004 by Jason Johnson and his father-in-law, Clif Conrad, who operated a car wash in Utah.	Quick Quack Car Wash	2004
inception	The California Wine Club is a wine club co-founded in 1990 by Bruce and Pam Boring in Ventura, California and is considered one of the largest mail-order wine businesses in the United States.	The California Wine Club	1990
inception	The Polish National-Territorial Region (Polish: Polski Kraj Narodowo-Terytorialny) was an autonomous region in Lithuania, self-proclaimed by the local Poles on 6 September 1990.	Polish National-Territorial Region	1990
inception	The two projects were legally joined and renamed the Virginian Railway in early 1907.	Virginian Railway	1907
inception	Founded in 1994, Copernicus Publications currently publishes 28 peer-reviewed open access scientific journals and other publications on behalf of the European Geosciences Union.	Copernicus Publications	1994
inception	Terrible Records is a Brooklyn-based record label founded by Chris Taylor and Ethan Silverman in 2009.	Terrible Records	2009
inception	In 2004, Henry Weller, Chris Greenshields and Mattijs Janssens founded OpenCFD Ltd to develop and release OpenFOAM.	OpenFOAM	2004
inception	Slash's Blues Ball was an American blues-rock band that formed in Los Angeles, California in 1996.	Slash's Blues Ball	1996
inception	Sestroretsk was founded by Peter the Great in 1714 due to the construction of a munitions factory (today's Sestroretsk Toolmaking Factory).	Sestroretsk	1714
inception	Circleslide are an American Christian alternative indie rock band from Nashville, Tennessee, and they were formed in 1999.	Circleslide	1999
inception	The European BioSafety Association (EBSA) is a non-profit organization, founded in June 1996, which provides a forum to its members to discuss and debate issues of concern and to represent those working in the field of biosafety and associated activities.	European BioSafety Association	1996
inception	Givat Harel (Hebrew: גבעת הראל‎) is an Israeli settlement established in 1998.	Givat Harel	1998
inception	The State Bar of Nevada has operated for more than 80 years; it was founded in 1928.	State Bar of Nevada	1928
inception	The Progressive Agricultural Democratic Union (Greek: Προοδευτική Αγροτική Δημοκρατική Ένωσις, abbr. ΠΑΔΕ) was a coalition of four Greek political parties for the elections of 1958.	Progressive Agricultural Democratic Union	1958
inception	On 13 February 2013, the establishment of the National Premier Leagues was announced.	National Premier Leagues	2013
inception	Salmonblaster's members came together from various London bands in July 1994.	Salmonblaster	1994
inception	Work continued through 2002 and into 2003 and the line finally opened to passengers on 5 July 2003, re-christened as ``The Hayling Seaside Railway''.	Hayling Seaside Railway	2003
inception	Czarni Radom is a Polish volleyball club founded in 1921 as football club.	Czarni Radom	1921
inception	The Letraset business was founded in London in 1959, introducing innovative media for commercial artists and designers.	Letraset	1959
inception	Advertisements on KBS1 were abolished in 1994.	KBS1	1994
inception	The need for assistance was great, so Bay Area PoliceWatch quickly outgrew the space and Van Jones officially launched the Ella Baker Center for Human Rights on September 1, 1996.	Ella Baker Center for Human Rights	1996
inception	The University of Split was officially established on 15 June 1974 when the units having already had an effect in their professional, scientific and teaching areas entered its structure.	University of Split	15 June 1974
inception	Breuninger was founded in 1881 on the same site it occupies today at the centre of Stuttgart on Marktplatz (market square).	Breuninger	1881
inception	Qontis released the first issue of its magazine in the summer of 2013, approximately three months before the platform itself was available.	Qontis	2013
inception	The station is owned by Lazer Licenses, LLC. In the spring of 2012, KXZM expanded its signal by moving its transmitter from near Felton to near San Jose.	KXZM	2012
inception	Summit Publishing Co., Inc., T/A Summit Media, is the leading consumer magazine publisher in the Philippines - founded in June 1995.	Summit Media	1995
inception	Lectra was founded in 1973 by engineers Jean and Bernard Etcheparre.	Lectra	1973
inception	Hromadske.TV (Ukrainian: Громадське ТБ; translated: Public TV) is an Internet television station in Ukraine that started to operate on 22 November 2013.	Hromadske.TV	2013
inception	The European Broadcasting Union (EBU; French: Union européenne de radio-télévision, UER) is an alliance of public service media entities, established on the 12 February 1950.	European Broadcasting Union	1950
inception	Against All Will was formed in 2007 by Jimmy Allen, guitarist songwriter and former member of the American rock band called ``Puddle Of Mudd''.	Against All Will	2007
inception	FB Gulbene (formerly ``FB Gulbene-2005'') is a Latvian football club based in Gulbene.	FB Gulbene	2005
inception	Founded in 2003 as the Location Managers Guild of America, the membership voted to rename the organization as the Location Managers Guild International in 2016 to recognize the global aspect of film-making and reflect the growing international presence of its membership.	Location Managers Guild International	2003
inception	The society later adopted the name ``Marine Conservation Society'' and was registered with the Charity Commission in 1983.	Marine Conservation Society	1983
inception	Relentless7 is an American rock band, formed in 2008 by singer/guitarist Ben Harper.	Relentless7	2008
inception	The Association of Nail Technicians (ANT) was set up in March 1998 due to the demand that from nail technicians that an association was needed to advise and represent the UK's growing number of nail technicians.	Association of Nail Technicians	1998
inception	The factory started operations in 1958, producing Materfer's first diesel multiple unit, the FIAT 7131, in 1962.	Materfer	1958
inception	Azarug Is a leftist youth organization of the Canary Islands founded in 1992 that seeks the independence of the archipelago.	Azarug	1992
inception	Conquest Advisory is an independent investment banking and asset management services firm founded in 2010 by a group of private investors.	Conquest Advisory	2010
inception	It was founded by François-Louis Cailler in 1819 and bought by Nestlé in 1929.	Cailler	1819
inception	The R. Shankar Memorial Arts and Science College was founded in 1995 in Koyilandy under the management of SNDP Koyilandy Union.	R. Shankar Memorial Arts and Science College	1995
inception	Danbury Place was an English country house, first built by Walter Mildmay in the time of Elizabeth I, dated to 1589.	Danbury Place	1589
inception	The Hillsdale Academy was founded in 1990 as a model K-8 school.	Hillsdale Academy	1990
inception	VisaHQ was founded in the US 2003 to provide travelers with information on travel regulations, as well as US passports and foreign visas.	VisaHQ	2003
inception	The museum was founded by Yun Jang-seob (윤장섭 尹章燮) who after setting up the Sungbo Cultural Foundation (성보문화재단 成保文化財團) in July 1981 to purchase antiquities, established the Horim Museum in October 1982 at Daechi-dong, Gangnam-gu by leasing one floor of a building.	Horim Museum	1982
inception	Fultang Bilingual High School is a private bilingual (French and English) secondary school high school in Nkongsamba, Cameroon, founded in 2003 by Blaesius Fultang.	Fultang Bilingual High School	2003
inception	Bennetts was founded by Gordon Bennett in 1930 in Coventry and initially provided general insurance services for customers in the West Midlands.	Bennetts	1930
inception	Brenham Christian Academy is a private Christian school located in Brenham, Texas and was established in 1993 with its first graduating class of 1997.	Brenham Christian Academy	1993
inception	The Ghana Olympic Committee (GOC), formally known as Gold Coast Olympics Committee was established in 1951 and recognized the following year by International Olympic Committee.	Ghana Olympic Committee	1951
inception	WWTW signed on the air as an independent station on December 7, 2010.	WWTW	2010
inception	The Korea Janggi Association was founded in 1956 promoting Janggi, or korean chess, and is based in Seoul, South Korea.	Korea Janggi Association	1956
inception	The New York Lottery began in 1967 as the third modern U.S. lottery, after Puerto Rico's began in 1934, and New Hampshire's in 1964.	New York Lottery	1967
inception	Panzer Division Tatra (Panzer Training Division Tatra) was an armored division of the German Wehrmacht formed in Moravia in August 1944.	Panzer Division Tatra	1944
inception	The Sea Turtle Restoration Project (STRP), founded in 1989, is a project of Turtle Island Restoration Network (TIRN), a United States 501(c)(3) nonprofit environmental organization with a goal of protecting endangered sea turtles from human-caused threats at nesting beaches and in the ocean.	Sea Turtle Restoration Project	1989
inception	Rock Bottom Entertainment is a record label founded in Detroit, Michigan in June 1997 by founder and C.E.O., Rafael ``Rock'' Howard.	Rock Bottom Entertainment	1997
inception	Examu, formerly known as Yuki Enterprise, is a Japanese video game company created in 2007 who mostly produces fighting games for arcades and home consoles.	Examu	2007
inception	Pierrot's Troupe is an internationally renowned theatre group based in New Delhi, India, which was formed in 1989.	Pierrot's Troupe	1989
inception	The Mannheim Centre for European Social Research (MZES) is an interdisciplinary research institute of the University of Mannheim, founded in 1989.	Mannheim Centre for European Social Research	1989
inception	Incite is an American groove metal band from Phoenix, Arizona formed in 2004.	Incite	2004
inception	Tibet University was formally established on July 20, 1985.	Tibet University	1985
inception	Djibouti Airlines was established on 1 February 1996 by former Puntavia director Moussa Rayaleh.	Djibouti Airlines	1996
inception	Labirent (Labyrinth in English) is a progressive rock/metal band formed in Ankara, Turkey, in 1987.	Labirent	1987
inception	The Adelbert von Chamisso Prize (German, Adelbert-von-Chamisso-Preis) is a German literary award established in 1985, given to a work whose author's mother tongue is not German, as was the case for Adelbert von Chamisso.	Adelbert von Chamisso Prize	1985
inception	The Hong Kong Alliance in Support of Patriotic Democratic Movements in China (the Alliance) is a pro-democratic organization that was established on 21 May 1989 in the then British colony of Hong Kong during the demonstration for the students protest in Tiananmen Square in Beijing.	Hong Kong Alliance in Support of Patriotic Democratic Movements in China	1989
inception	Festival International de Films de Montréal (FIFM), also known in English as the New Montreal FilmFest was a film festival held in Montreal in 2005 to focus on Francophone films.	Festival International de Films de Montréal	2005
inception	The Brown Bag AllStars was formed in 2007 while its members were working and interning at Fat Beats.	Brown Bag AllStars	2007
inception	EAO asbl, operating as the European Association for Osseointegration (EAO) is a non-profit organisation founded in Munich in 1991 to serve as an international, interdisciplinary and independent science based forum for all professionals interested in the art and science of Osseointegration.	European Association for Osseointegration	1991
inception	The Geyserville Union School on Main St. in Geyserville, California was built in 1921.	Geyserville Union School	1921
inception	CDG Capital S.A. is a Moroccan investment bank founded in 2006.	CDG Capital	2006
inception	The National Energy Board (French: Office national de l'énergie) is an independent economic regulatory agency created in 1959 by the Government of Canada to oversee ``international and inter-provincial aspects of the oil, gas and electric utility industries''.	National Energy Board	1959
inception	NQ Arbuckle is a Canadian alternative country band who formed in 2002.	NQ Arbuckle	2002
inception	In 1997 Cameron Markby Hewitt merged with fellow City of London law firm, McKenna & Co, to form Cameron McKenna (renamed CMS Cameron McKenna in 1999).	CMS Cameron McKenna	1997
inception	Bongripper began in 2006 with the self-release of their first album titled The Great Barrier Reefer.	Bongripper	2006
inception	Nogometni Klub Britof (English: Britof Football Club), commonly referred to as NK Britof, is a Slovenian football club from Britof, established in 1988.	NK Britof	1988
inception	Lappeenranta University of Technology (LUT) (in Finnish: until 2003 Lappeenrannan teknillinen korkeakoulu, LTKK, and from 2003 Lappeenrannan teknillinen yliopisto, LTY) was established in 1969.	Lappeenranta University of Technology	1969
inception	A survivor of the dot-com bubble, Zayo Group was built largely through acquisitions; it took over thirty companies from 2007-2014, including bankrupt firms such as AboveNet and 360networks.	Zayo Group	2007
inception	The Federal Civil Defense Administration (FCDA) was organized by President Harry S. Truman on 1 December 1950 through Executive Order 10186, and became an official government agency via the Federal Civil Defense Act of 1950 on 12 January 1951.	Federal Civil Defense Administration	1951
inception	The Caleb Foundation, created in 1998, is one of the leading creationist pressure groups in Northern Ireland.	Caleb Foundation	1998
inception	Citibank Australia was opened in 1985 and was one of the first foreign banks to be granted a banking license in Australia, besides being one of the largest international banks in the country.	Citibank Australia	1985
inception	The All-Girl Boys Choir (AGBC) are an American rock duo, formed in Los Angeles, California in 2008.	The All-Girl Boys Choir	2008
inception	The Charter School of Wilmington is a high school in Wilmington, Delaware, one of the first public/private (self-governed, state funded) charter schools in the United States, opening in 1996.	Charter School of Wilmington	1996
inception	The Banque Internationale Arabe de Tunisie was founded in 1976, as a result of a merger of the Tunisian branches of the Société Marseillaise de Crédit and the British Bank of the Middle East.	Banque Internationale Arabe de Tunisie	1976
inception	CIT Group Inc. is an American financial holding company founded in 1908 with more than $65 billion in finance and leasing assets.	CIT Group	1908
inception	Worldticketshop is a ticket resale company founded in 2006.	Worldticketshop	2006
inception	The band was originally known as Infrakt (Serbian Cyrillic: Инфракт; misspelled Infarkt, trans. Heart Attack) and changed their name to Super s Karamelom in 2003.	Super s Karamelom	2003
inception	Troop Sport also known as World Of Troop or just, TROOP was a clothing company founded in 1985 by two Jewish brothers, Teddy and Harvey Held, and a Korean, William Kim.	Troop Sport	1985
inception	Federbet was established in October 2010 in response to the European Commission inquiry regarding on-line gambling.	Federbet	2010
inception	Zevia was launched in 2007 as an alternative soda for those who want to avoid both added sugars and artificial sweeteners.	Zevia	2007
inception	God Dethroned is a Dutch death metal band from Beilen, originally formed in 1991.	God Dethroned	1991
inception	Drowners are an American-Welsh indie rock band formed in New York in 2011 by Matthew Hitt (lead vocals, guitar), Jack Ridley III (lead guitar), Erik Lee Snyder (bass) and Daniel Jacobs (drums).	Drowners	2011
inception	Buskerud University College (Norwegian: Høgskolen i Buskerud or HiBu) was a university college established 1 August 1994 and situated in the county of Buskerud, Norway.	Buskerud University College	1994
inception	Since 2007, Sled Island's thoughtful, eclectic programming and independent spirit have fused with Calgary's youthful energy to produce a one-of-a-kind festival experience.	Sled Island	2007
inception	The Commercial (Second) is a functional constituency in the elections for the Legislative Council of Hong Kong first created in 1985.	Commercial (Second)	1985
inception	LabWare was founded in 1987 by Vance Kershner, who is the company's current president and CEO.	LabWare	1987
inception	Elevation Pictures is a Canadian film distribution company founded in 2013 by Laurie May and co-led by Noah Segal.	Elevation Pictures	2013
inception	The Brain Injury Research Institute (BIRI) is a center for the study of traumatic brain injuries and their prevention that was founded in 2002.	Brain Injury Research Institute	2002
inception	Activated on 8 November 1969 at Okinawa, Japan as the I Marine Expeditionary Force Redesignated on 18 August 1970 as the I Marine Amphibious Force (I MAF) Relocated in April 1971 to Camp Pendleton, California Redesignated on 5 February 1988 as the ``I Marine Expeditionary Force''	I Marine Expeditionary Force	1969
inception	The Center for Economic and Policy Research (CEPR) is an economic policy think-tank that was founded in 1999 by economists Dean Baker and Mark Weisbrot.	Center for Economic and Policy Research	1999
inception	It was founded in 1996 by a faction of the Bulgarian Agrarian People's Union led by Anastasia Dimitrova-Moser.	Agrarian People's Union	1996
inception	Hyperbubble first appeared as the attributed author of a track on the 1997 album Acid Ranch 2000.	Hyperbubble	1997
inception	The Artist Foundation of San Antonio, co-founded in 2005 by Bettie Ward and Patricia Pratchett, is a non-profit organization which gives San Antonio, Texas artists grants up to $12,500 annually.	Artist Foundation of San Antonio	2005
inception	The Sunfeast Open was an annual WTA Tour tennis tournament that was started in Kolkata in 2005.	Sunfeast Open	2005
inception	Inland Retail Property Fund is a private, open-end fund formed in February 2013.	Inland Retail Property Fund	2013
inception	The brand was brought to the United States in 1992 and the company Tempur-Pedic, Inc. was founded.	Tempur-Pedic	1992
inception	The International Planetary Data Alliance (IPDA), founded in 2006, is a closely cooperating partnership to maintain the quality and performance of data (including data formats) from planetary research using instruments in space.	International Planetary Data Alliance	2006
inception	D-Noy Muzik is a label founded by Daniel Desnoyers in June 1999 within the Donald K. Donald Group.	D-Noy Muzik	1999
inception	Meridian School is a high school, founded in 1995 in Hyderabad, India.	Meridian School	1995
inception	Blue Mountain Theatre is a theatre company created in London in 1989 to provide theatre pieces for black British audiences.	Blue Mountain Theatre	1989
inception	Noodle Box Pty Ltd is an Australian stir fried noodle quick service restaurant chain headquartered in Melbourne, Victoria, Australia founded by Josh James and David Milne in 1996.	Noodle Box	1996
inception	Tomsk originated with a decree from Tsar Boris Godunov in 1604 after Toian , the Tatar duke of Eushta , asked for the Tsar's protection against Kirghiz bandits.	Tomsk	1604
inception	Moistboyz is an American hard rock band formed in New Hope, Pennsylvania in 1991 by Guy Heller and Mickey Melchiondo.	Moistboyz	1991
inception	Yad Eliezer was founded in 1980 by Rabbi Yaakov and Hadassah Weisel, both elementary schoolteachers, and named in memory of her father, Rabbi Eliezer Lipa Benzman.	Yad Eliezer	1980
inception	Native Korean Rock is a side project of Indie rock artist Karen O. She premiered as Native Korean Rock at New York City's Union Pool on July 21, 2008.	Native Korean Rock	2008
inception	Fernwald was created in 1971 by integrating the former independent communities of Steinbach, Annerod, and Albach.	Fernwald	1971
inception	Crossfaith (クロスフェイス) are a Japanese electronicore band from Osaka that was formed in 2006.	Crossfaith	2006
inception	Loöq Records is a record label founded by electronic music producers and DJs Jondi & Spesh in 1998.	Loöq Records	1998
inception	Norrsken were a Swedish hard rock band founded in 1995.	Norrsken	1995
inception	Waterkeeper Alliance is an environmental organization founded in 1999, responding to a growing movement of organizations with the name Riverkeeper, Baykeeper, Soundkeeper, and other related ``keeper'' names, of which there are over 270 around the world.	Waterkeeper Alliance	1999
inception	Formed in 1995, Club 8 were signed to the Spanish record label, Siesta.	Club 8	1995
inception	The Nordzucker AG was formed by the merger of the Braunschweig-based Zuckerverbund Nord AG (ZVN) and the Uelzen-based Zucker-Aktiengesellschaft Uelzen-Braunschweig (ZAG) in 1997.	Nordzucker	1997
inception	In 1873 it was reincorporated as the Nashville, Chattanooga and St. Louis Railway (NC&StL) (though the company's tracks never actually reached St. Louis, Missouri in the north).	Nashville, Chattanooga and St. Louis Railway	1873
inception	Launched in 2010, The Film Collaborative is a service-oriented, educational organization aimed at encouraging and enabling independent filmmakers to forge their own brands and directly reach audiences with their work.	The Film Collaborative	2010
inception	The band was founded at the end of 2002 by musicians from Wunstorf and Hanover as Galactic Grailknights.	Grailknights	2002
inception	The WhistleStop Marathon and Half Marathon was first run in 1997.	WhistleStop Marathon	1997
inception	Held every Memorial Day weekend since 1979, Telluride Mountainfilm is a documentary film festival that showcases nonfiction stories about environmental, cultural, climbing, political and social justice issues in Telluride, Colorado.	Telluride Mountainfilm	1979
inception	Dili International School was conceived in 2002 by a group of parents who were either visiting or living in East Timor, and home schooling their children.	Dili International School	2002
inception	Founded in 1987 by the musician, mathematics teacher and engineer Gert Prix, the Eboardmuseum is a collection of electronic keyboard instruments.	Eboardmuseum	1987
inception	The Mutual Broadcasting System (commonly referred to as simply Mutual; sometimes referred to as MBS, the Mutual Broadcasting Company, or the Mutual Radio Network; corporate name Mutual Broadcasting System, Inc.) was an American radio network in operation from 1934 to 1999.	Mutual Broadcasting System	1934
inception	Norvik Banka is one of the oldest commercial banks in Latvia, the bank was established on 29 April 1992 and the majority of the firm is owned by Russian Businessman Grigory Guselnikov.	Norvik Banka	1992
inception	Westpark Foundries, founded 2001, is a United States movies, television and web content development corporation.	Westpark Foundries	2001
inception	MIT Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence Laboratory (CSAIL) is a research laboratory at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology formed by the 2003 merger of the Laboratory for Computer Science and the Artificial Intelligence Laboratory.	MIT Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence Laboratory	2003
inception	Armenian International Airways was jointly established on July 12, 2002, by Armenian businessmen Gagik Tsarukian, Hrair Hakobian, and Levon Baghdasarian.	Armenian International Airways	2002
inception	Astrakhan Airlines was established in 1994 and was owned by the Board of Directors (65%), the local Concrete Structures Plant (a Gazprom subsidiary) (25%) and employees and investors (10%).	Astrakhan Airlines	1994
inception	The Casino Luxembourg is a forum for contemporary art which was adapted and renovated in 1995 to fit its new role of housing temporary exhibitions of Luxembourg art. It opened in 1882 as the Casino Bourgeois, and was a centre for cultural and social events in addition to its gaming functions.	Casino Luxembourg	1995
inception	Sidewalk Prophets (2003, Independent) You Love Me Anyway (EP, 2007, Independent) These Simple Truths (2009, Word Records) Live Like That (2012, Word Records) Merry Christmas to You (2013, Fervent Records) Something Different (2015, Fervent/Word)	Sidewalk Prophets	2003
inception	The Redlight Children Campaign is a non-profit organization created by New York lawyer and president of Priority Films Guy Jacobson and Israeli actress Adi Ezroni in 2002, to combat worldwide child sexual exploitation and human trafficking.	Redlight Children Campaign	2002
inception	Secret London is a Facebook group started by 21-year-old Bristol University graduate, Tiffany Philippou, on 19 January 2010 in response to a Saatchi & Saatchi competition.	Secret London	2010
inception	Suburban Legends are an American third wave ska band that formed in Huntington Beach, California, in 1998 and later based themselves in Santa Ana, California.	Suburban Legends	1998
inception	The two organizations merged after World War II in 1950 to form the PTTK.	PTTK	1950
inception	In 1994 the Natural Heritage Trust of Henderson County was formed and a year later it was renamed the Carolina Mountain Land Conservancy and has expanded its area of focus to include Transylvania and parts of Buncombe, Rutherford, and Jackson Counties.	Carolina Mountain Land Conservancy	1994
inception	The inaugural, 1985 Phoenix Award recognized The Mark of the Horse Lord by Rosemary Sutcliff (Oxford, 1965).	Phoenix Award	1985
inception	The Continued Reformed Churches in the Netherlands or VGKN (Dutch: Voortgezette Gereformeerde Kerken in Nederland) is a federation of churches founded on May 8, 2008, in the Netherlands.	Continued Reformed Churches in the Netherlands	2008
inception	The North East Party (NEP) is a regionalist political party in North East England founded in 2014 by former Labour MP Hilton Dawson.	North East Party	2014
inception	Food Not Bombs was founded in 1980 in Cambridge, Massachusetts by anti-nuclear activists, Keith McHenry, Jo Swanson, Mira Brown, Susan Eaton, Brian Feigenbaum, C.T. Lawrence Butler, Jessie Constable and Amy Rothstien.	Food Not Bombs	1980
inception	In January 1990 Nakhchivan declared independence from the USSR to protest against the suppression of the national movement in Azerbaijan, and became the Nakhchivan Autonomous Republic within the newly independent Republic of Azerbaijan a year later.	Nakhchivan Autonomous Republic	1990
inception	Bring Light was founded in November 2006 by two former executives of Adobe Systems, Inc. Melissa Dyrdahl was previously Senior Vice President of Corporate Marketing and Communications.	Bring Light	2006
inception	Founded in 2007, FanSnap aggregated event-level ticket data from event ticket providers.	FanSnap	2007
inception	Khejuri College, established in 1999, is a college in Baratala, a gram panchayat in Khejuri II, Purba Medinipur district.	Khejuri College	1999
inception	Tver's foundation year is officially accepted to be 1135, although there is no universal agreement on this date and some estimates place it as late as the second half of the 13th century.	Tver	1135
inception	The German National Movement in Liechtenstein (German: Volksdeutsche Bewegung in Liechtenstein, VDBL) was a National Socialist party in Liechtenstein that existed between 1938 and 1945.	German National Movement in Liechtenstein	1938
inception	As a contestant on the reality television show America's Next Great Restaurant, which aired in 2011, he created the concept for Soul Daddy (originally conceived of as W3, or Woods' Wings & Waffles), and was named the winner in the show's first season finale on May 1, 2011.	Soul Daddy	2011
inception	Gore Gore Girls are an all female garage rock band from Detroit, Michigan, formed in 1997 by singer/songwriter Amy Gore.	Gore Gore Girls	1997
inception	Haage & Partner is a German company established in 1995.	Haage & Partner	1995
inception	Formed in 1995, Kryoburn began to amass a following in the local Carlsbad metal scene that over time allowed them to grow to the national level.	Kryoburn	1995
inception	Founded in 1987, Smart Technologies is best known as the developer of the Smart Board interactive whiteboard.	Smart Technologies	1987
inception	The European Association of Vertebrate Palaeontologists (EAVP) was founded in 2003 for individuals with an interest in vertebrate palaeontology.	EAVP	2003
inception	Wild Colonials are an American alternative rock band formed in Los Angeles, California in 1992 by Angela McCluskey (vocals), Shark (guitar/vocals/percussion), Paul Cantelon (violin/piano), Scott Roewe (multi-instrumentalist) and Ian Bernard (drums/percussion).	Wild Colonials	1992
inception	When it started to broadcast on March 13, 1990, TV Jangadeiro had the basic proposal of offering quality programming focused on infotainment.	TV Jangadeiro	1990
inception	Biting Elbows is a Russian indie rock band that was formed in 2008 in Moscow.	Biting Elbows	2008
inception	Air Bleu (Société Anonyme Air Bleu) was a French airline company between 1935 and 1940 that specialised in the delivery of mail within France.	Air Bleu	1935
inception	Geo TV (trademarked GEO TV) or Geo Television is a Pakistani television channel established in May 2002 and owned by the Independent Media Corporation.	Geo TV	2002
inception	The Australian Motoring Enthusiast Party (AMEP) was formed on 11 May 2013 in Queensland at a public meeting of motoring enthusiasts.	Australian Motoring Enthusiast Party	2013
inception	The Heebee-jeebees are a Canadian a cappella quartet formed in 1993 in Calgary, Canada.	The Heebee-jeebees	1993
inception	The Diocese of Sheffield was formed 23 January 1914, by the division from the Diocese of York (along with that part of the Diocese of Southwell in the city of Sheffield).	Diocese of Sheffield	23 January 1914
inception	Sound Pellegrino is a Parisian independent record company founded in March 2009 by Teki Latex and Orgasmic (formerly from alt-rap group TTC), originally as a sub-label of Institubes.	Sound Pellegrino	2009
inception	Bigod 20 was a German EBM/Techno band which was formed in 1988 by music producers Andreas Tomalla (aka Talla 2XLC and formerly of the band Moskwa TV) and Markus Nikolai (aka Jallokin).	Bigod 20	1988
inception	The Students were a doo-wop vocal group which formed in Cincinnati, Ohio in 1956.	The Students	1956
inception	Cadallaca is an indie rock band formed at a party in Portland, Oregon in 1997.	Cadallaca	1997
inception	Ting Hsin International Group (Chinese: 頂新國際集團; pinyin: Dǐnxīn Guójì Jítuán) is a Taiwanese-owned corporate group established in 1958.	Ting Hsin International Group	1958
inception	The Generally Speaking Production Network (GSPN) is an online media production company founded by Cliff and Stephanie Ravenscraft on December 16, 2005.	Generally Speaking Production Network	2005
inception	The channel launched on December 4, 2014 as Telebimbi, exclusively on Bell Fibe TV.	Telebimbi	2014
inception	Queen Victoria thus established on 21 April 1896 the Royal Victorian Order as a junior and personal order of knighthood that allowed her to bestow directly to an empire-wide community honours for personal services.	Royal Victorian Order	21 April 1896
inception	CNH Global NV the holding company for the Italian public multinational manufacturer of agricultural and construction equipment, established on November 12, 1999, through the merger of Case and New Holland.	CNH Global	1999
inception	The Belcea Quartet is a string quartet, formed in 1994, under the leadership of violinist Corina Belcea.	Belcea Quartet	1994
inception	The American Board for Certification of Teacher Excellence, often referred to as the American Board, was launched with a $5 million federal grant from the U.S. Department of Education in 2001.	American Board for Certification of Teacher Excellence	2001
inception	Half a Cow is an independent record label from Australia, established in 1990 by Sydney musician and music identity Nic Dalton.	Half a Cow	1990
inception	Cap'n Jazz was an American emo band formed in Chicago in 1989 by brothers Tim and Mike Kinsella, who were joined by Sam Zurick and Victor Villarreal.	Cap'n Jazz	1989
inception	Belgium, Denmark, Finland, France, Netherlands, Norway and Sweden came together in March 1949 for the first International Congress of AIESEC in Stockholm.	AIESEC	1949
inception	B.A.L.L. were an American alternative rock band from New York City, formed in 1987.	B.A.L.L.	1987
inception	The company was established in December 2005 during the merger of China Harbour Engineering Company Group (founded 1980) with China Road and Bridge Corporation into CCCC.	China Harbour Engineering	2005
inception	Based in the Sydney, ABC Classics was founded in 1987 as a means of showcasing the Australian Broadcasting Corporation's classical music recordings under its own banner.	ABC Classics	1987
inception	Treble Charger is a Canadian rock band formed in 1992 in Sault Ste. Marie, consisting of lead vocalist and guitarist Greig Nori, and co-lead vocalist and guitarist Bill Priddle.	Treble Charger	1992
inception	It was first mentioned in 1619 as the village of Rozhdestvenskoye-Kokhma (Рожде́ственское-Кохма).	Kokhma	1619
inception	The Boxmasters is an American country rock/rockabilly band founded in Bellflower, California in 2007.	The Boxmasters	2007
inception	Michael Marks Awards for Poetry Pamphlets (established in 2009) are a set of British literary awards for poetry writing and publishing in pamphlet form.	Michael Marks Awards for Poetry Pamphlets	2009
inception	The Irish House of Commons was the lower house of the Parliament of Ireland that existed from 1297 until 1800.	Irish House of Commons	1297
inception	A 1914 photograph taken at the exhibition in Prague was published in the magazine Zlatá Praha showing Woman with a Fan hanging next to another work by Metzinger known as En Canot (Im Boot, The Boat), 1913.	Woman with a Fan	1913
inception	Devil Kitty is a Japanese visual kei rock band formed in 2002.	Devil Kitty	2002
inception	KTIA-FM is licensed to Truth Broadcasting, Inc. The station was originally licensed as KFGQ but changed callsigns to KFFF-FM on February 1, 2005.	KTIA-FM	2005
inception	The first BlizzCon was held in October 2005 at the Anaheim Convention Center in the United States where it has been held ever since.	BlizzCon	2005
inception	After the merged party's failure in 1996 parliamentary elections and political disagreements over the nationalism of members of the old CSNS, many Free Democrats left the party in 1997, and in 1998 formed the current Party for the Open Society.	Party for the Open Society	1998
inception	Archers of Loaf is an American indie rock band originally formed in Chapel Hill, North Carolina in 1991.	Archers of Loaf	1991
inception	The Seaplane Harbour (Estonian: Lennusadam) is a maritime museum in Tallinn, Estonia, opened in spring 2012.	Seaplane Harbour	2012
inception	Trump Productions LLC is an American television production company established by Donald Trump in 2004 that serves as the entertainment business wing of the Trump Organization.	Trump Productions	2004
inception	Four80East began as a studio project when DeBoer and Grace, who had been writing, arranging and producing for other artists on their Boomtang Records label, put together material of their own and released it as The Album, in 1997.	Four80East	1997
inception	Gunibsky Canton in the borders of modern Gunibsky District was established in 1928.	Gunibsky District	1928
inception	The Crags are a rock band based in Geneva, Switzerland, created in 2009.	The Crags	2009
inception	In 1989, the Professional Association of Diving Instructors (PADI) established the Project AWARE Foundation.	Project AWARE	1989
inception	The DC Palestinian Film and Arts Festival (DC-PFAF) is a non-profit, volunteer-run annual film festival established in 2011 that showcases the work of Palestinian filmmakers and artists for audiences in Washington, DC and its surrounding areas.	DC Palestinian Film and Arts Festival	2011
inception	Mullsjö AIS is a floorball club in Mullsjö, Sweden, established on 1 November 1989 by a group from the Mullsjö Mission Covenant Church.	Mullsjö AIS	1 November 1989
inception	Barocco sempre giovane (Baroque forever young) was founded in 2004 by a violoncellist Josef Krečmer.	Barocco sempre giovane	2004
inception	Datasoft, Inc. was a video game developer and publisher founded in 1980 by Pat Ketchum.	Datasoft	1980
inception	Sydbank was founded in 1970 with the merger of four local banks based in Southern Jutland:	Sydbank	1970
inception	Terayon was founded by Israeli brothers Dr. Zaki and Shlomo Rakib in 1993; both brothers graduated from high school at age 16 and went on to university.	Terayon	1993
inception	In 1999, Actimize was founded in Silicon Wadi, an area with a high concentration of high-tech industries in the coastal plain in Israel, similar to Silicon Valley in California by Israeli ex-army colleagues who specialized in business intelligence and data warehousing.	Actimize	1999
inception	The Bakossi National Park (BNP) is a protected area within the Bakossi Forest Reserve, created by a decree in early 2008.	Bakossi National Park	2008
inception	Bergen Big Band (BBB) is a Norwegian big band established 1991 as a continuation of Knut Kristiansen's Bergen Band.	Bergen Big Band	1991
inception	The August Blues Festival (Estonian: Augustibluus) is a blues music festival held in Haapsalu, Estonia since 1993.	August Blues Festival	1993
inception	In July 2009, 16 prominent film industry representatives established the Serbia Film Commission as an association of companies and freelancers based on best practice models of film commissions around the globe.	Serbia Film Commission	2009
inception	Whitejets Transportes Aéreos Ltda., also doing business as Whitejets Airways, is an airline based in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil which was founded in 2010.	Whitejets	2010
inception	Foundation Stone Laying Ceremony of Rajiv Gandhi Regional Museum of Natural History, Sawai Madhopur, Rajasthan was done by the honorable Vice President of India, Mohammad Hamid Ansari on December 23, 2007 and inaugurated by the State Finance Minister Mr. Namo Narain Meena on Saturday march 01, 2014.	Rajiv Gandhi Regional Museum of Natural History	2007
inception	These three units were amalgamated into Salisbury District Hospital when it opened in 1991.	Salisbury District Hospital	1991
inception	The first CarMax location opened in September 1993.	CarMax	1993
inception	Gamesville's tagline is ``Wasting your time since 1996''.	Gamesville	1996
instrument	Brij Bhushan Kabra (born 1937) is an Indian musician who popularized the guitar as an instrument in Indian classical music.	Brij Bhushan Kabra	guitar
instrument	Nathaniel Bernard Najar (born August 28, 1981), better known as Nate Najar and related act, Nate Najar Trio, is an American guitarist, music producer, and composer most recognized, receiving international acclaim, as a fingerstyle guitarist, playing the classical guitar within the jazz music genre.	Nate Najar	guitar
instrument	Philip Schjetlein (born 12 January 1986) is a Norwegian jazz musician (guitar), known from self-titled bands like P. S. Quartet/Trio.	Philip Schjetlein	guitar
instrument	Knut Riisnæs (born 13 November 1945 in Oslo, Norway) is a Norwegian Jazz musician (saxophone and flute), music arranger and composer, son of pianist Eline Nygaard Riisnæs and brother of classical pianist Anne Eline Riisnæs (1951--) and jazz saxophonist Odd Riisnæs (1953--).	Knut Riisnæs	saxophone
instrument	Neill Sanders (1923--1992) was a British horn player, principal hornist of the London Philharmonic Orchestra and the BBC Symphony Orchestra and a member of the Melos Ensemble for 29 years.	Neill Sanders	horn
instrument	Redd Volkaert (born 1958) was a successor to Roy Nichols in Merle Haggard's backing band, and is ``among the country's top Telecaster guitar slingers.''	Redd Volkaert	guitar
instrument	Kåre Kolve (born 10 August 1964 in Voss, Norway) is a Norwegian jazz musician (saxophone), and the older brother of the vibraphonist Ivar Kolve.	Kåre Kolve	saxophone
instrument	Juan José Mosalini (born November 29, 1943) is an Argentinian bandoneon player.	Juan José Mosalini	bandoneon
instrument	Roos-Anne (Sanne) Hans better known by her stage name Miss Montreal (born 22 September 1984 in Dedemsvaart), is a Dutch singer-songwriter and guitar player.	Miss Montreal	guitar
instrument	``Fire and Brimstone,'' Link Wray Vocals/acoustic guitar/electric guitar/bass/percussion, Derek Miller Drums/percussion/e-jaw harp, Matt de Matteo Organ/backing vocals, Iva Valent Banjo, Pete Atkins Backing vocals, Rebecca Miller	Derek Miller	guitar
instrument	Nolan Shaheed (born Nolan Andrew Smith, Jr., July 18, 1949 in Pasadena, California) is a jazz musician, specializing in the cornet and trumpet, and a world record holding masters athlete.	Nolan Shaheed	trumpet
instrument	Willie Gardner is a Scottish musician, who formed part of various pop and rock bands in the 1970s and 1980s, playing guitar.	Willie Gardner	guitar
instrument	Gottfried Reiche (German pronunciation: (ˈgɔtfʁiːt ʁaɪçə); 5 February 1667 -- 6 October 1734) was a German trumpet player and composer of the Baroque era.	Gottfried Reiche	trumpet
instrument	Skeeter Bonn (Junior Lewis Boughan, 6 April 1923 -- 6 November 1994) was a singer and guitar player on several national country music radio programs and had several singles on RCA Victor in the 1950s.	Skeeter Bonn	guitar
instrument	Alf Wilhelm Lundberg (born 8 May 1979 in Haugesund, Norway) is a Norwegian Jazz musician (guitar and piano) and composer.	Alf Wilhelm Lundberg	guitar
instrument	Sjur Miljeteig (born 4 January 1974) is a Norwegian jazz musician (trumpet), composer and author, married 20 October 2007 to the actress Ane Dahl Torp (1975), and they are residing in Oslo with their two children, a boy (2010) and a girl (2012).	Sjur Miljeteig	trumpet
instrument	Formed in Los Angeles in 1985, Racer X was originally composed of Paul Gilbert (lead guitar), Juan Alderete (bass guitar), Harry Gschoesser (drums), and Jeff Martin (vocals).	Paul Gilbert	guitar
instrument	Paul Wittgenstein (May 11, 1887 -- March 3, 1961) was an Austrian concert pianist notable for commissioning new piano concerti for the left hand alone, following the amputation of his right arm during the First World War.	Paul Wittgenstein	piano
instrument	Carol Hunter is a self-taught guitarist who began learning the instrument in her teens after receiving her first guitar at age 13.	Carol Hunter	guitar
instrument	Phillip Hill is an American bass and guitar player.	Phillip Hill	guitar
instrument	Adam Wakeman (born 11 March 1974) is an English musician and the current keyboardist and rhythm guitarist for Ozzy Osbourne's band; he also plays keyboards and guitar off-stage for Black Sabbath.	Adam Wakeman	guitar
instrument	Phil Heywood is an American fingerstyle acoustic guitar player, singer and composer.	Phil Heywood	guitar
instrument	Corn Mo sings, plays the accordion, keyboards, and sometimes performs as a one man band.	Corn Mo	accordion
instrument	Despite being well-acquainted with music theory, Olaf Thörsen did not start playing the guitar until the age of 20.	Olaf Thörsen	guitar
instrument	Thomas Viloteau has competed and placed first in several international guitar competitions:	Thomas Viloteau	guitar
instrument	Paul Galbraith had his first guitar lessons with Graham Wade, continuing his studies with Gordon Crosskey at the Chethams School for Young Musicians.	Paul Galbraith	guitar
instrument	Olev Roomet (13 December 1901 in Simuna - 23 March 1987) was an Estonian musician, a violin player, a player of the torupill (Estonian bagpipe) and a singer in the State Academic Male Choir of Estonia.	Olev Roomet	torupill
instrument	Rick Braun (born July 6, 1955 in Allentown, Pennsylvania) is a smooth jazz trumpet player, multi-instrumentalist and often producer	Rick Braun	trumpet
instrument	Alejandro Balbis took his first steps in music at a young age, taking guitar lessons with Jorge Lazaroff, and then singing and directing the children murga Firulete, which later changed its name to Contrafarsa.	Alejandro Balbis	guitar
instrument	Freddy Schauwecker (born 1943) is a German jazz musician (trombone, bandleader), advertising specialist and author.	Freddy Schauwecker	trombone
languages spoken or written	Joseph Hergenröther (15 September 1824 -- 3 October 1890) was a German Church historian and canonist, and the first Cardinal-Prefect of the Vatican Archives.	Joseph Hergenröther	German
located in the administrative territorial entity	Arnold Burying Ground (also known as the Governor Arnold Burying Ground) is a historic cemetery on Pelham Street just east of Spring Street in Newport, Rhode Island.	Arnold Burying Ground	Rhode Island
located in the administrative territorial entity	Islay (i/ˈaɪlə/ EYE-lə; Scottish Gaelic: Ìle, pronounced (ˈiːlə)) is the southernmost island of the Inner Hebrides of Scotland.	Islay	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ichetucknee Springs State Park is a 2,241-acre (9.07 km2) Florida State Park and National Natural Landmark located four miles (6 km) northwest of Fort White off State Road 47 and State Road 238.	Ichetucknee Springs State Park	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Enschede (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈɛnsxəˌdeː)), also known as Eanske (ˈɛːnskə) in the local dialect of Twents, is a municipality and a city in the eastern Netherlands in the province of Overijssel and in the Twente region.	Enschede	Overijssel
located in the administrative territorial entity	Millrace Rapids is a popular kayaking playspot, located on the Lower Saluda River in Columbia, South Carolina.	Millrace Rapids	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Singtam (Nepali: सिङ्ताम) is a town in East Sikkim district in the Indian state of Sikkim about 30 kilometres (19 mi) from the state capital Gangtok.	Singtam	East Sikkim district
located in the administrative territorial entity	County Armagh (named after its county town, Armagh) is one of six counties that form Northern Ireland and one of the 32 traditional counties of Ireland, situated in the northeast of the island.	County Armagh	Northern Ireland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Anchiskhati Basilica of St Mary (Georgian: ანჩისხატი) is the oldest surviving church in Tbilisi, Georgia.	Anchiskhati Basilica	Tbilisi
located in the administrative territorial entity	R. D. Bailey Lake is located on the Guyandotte River in Wyoming and Mingo Counties in West Virginia, 3.3 miles (5.3 km) east of Justice.	R. D. Bailey Lake	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dove Mountain is a master-planned community located in Marana, Arizona, about 40 minutes outside of Tucson and in the foothills of the Tortolita Mountains.	Dove Mountain	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Maranhão (Portuguese pronunciation: (mɐɾɐˈɲɐ̃w)) is a northeastern state of Brazil.	Maranhão	Brazil
located in the administrative territorial entity	Om Banna (also called Shri Om Bana and Bullet Banna) is a shrine located in Pali district near Jodhpur, India, devoted to a deity in the form of a motorcycle.	Om Banna	Pali district
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Konwakiton Glacier is a glacier situated on the southern flank of Mount Shasta, in the U.S. state of California.	Konwakiton Glacier	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bistkonj (Persian: بيست كنج‎, also Romanized as Bīstkonj; also known as Baskonj and Baskunj) is a village in Shakhen Rural District, in the Central District of Birjand County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Bistkonj	Shakhen Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Witkówko (vitˈkufkɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Witkowo, within Gniezno County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Witkówko	Gmina Witkowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Since 2006, Driebergen-Rijsenburg is part of the new municipality Utrechtse Heuvelrug.	Driebergen	Utrechtse Heuvelrug
located in the administrative territorial entity	Averett University is a private non-profit college in Danville, Virginia, USA, in south-central Virginia near the North Carolina border.	Averett University	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Topsail Hill Preserve State Park is a 1,640-acre (6.6 km2) Florida State Park located in Santa Rosa Beach, ten miles (16 km) east of Destin, off U.S. 98, in northwestern Florida.	Topsail Hill Preserve State Park	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	North Lincoln Hospital Heliport (FAA LID: OR93) is a private heliport located one mile east of Lincoln City in Lincoln County, Oregon, United States.	North Lincoln Hospital Heliport	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pahnab Mahalleh (Persian: پهناب محله‎, also Romanized as Pahnāb Maḩalleh; also known as Pahnāb) is a village in Siyahrud Rural District, in the Central District of Juybar County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Pahnab Mahalleh	Siyahrud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Łuków County (Polish: powiat łukowski) is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Lublin Voivodeship, eastern Poland.	Łuków County	Lublin Voivodeship
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hermit Peak is a mountain in San Miguel County, in northern New Mexico, United States.	Hermit Peak	New Mexico
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yolmeh Salian (Persian: يلمه ساليان‎, also Romanized as Yolmeh Sālīān, Yolmeh Sālīyān, and Yulmeh Sālīān) is a village in Mazraeh-ye Shomali Rural District, Voshmgir District, Aqqala County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Yolmeh Salian	Mazraeh-ye Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grzegorzówka (ɡʐɛɡɔˈʐufka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Hyżne, within Rzeszów County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Grzegorzówka	Gmina Hyżne
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Angelina River is formed by the junction of Barnhardt and Shawnee creeks three miles northwest of Laneville in southwest central Rusk County, Texas (at 32°01′N 94°50′W).	Angelina River	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Davenant Centre, situated in Whitechapel in the East End of London is known as a 'centre of excellence' for youth services in the London Borough of Tower Hamlets.	Davenant Centre	London Borough of Tower Hamlets
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lah Savz (Persian: له سوز‎; also known as Lahsabz) is a village in Horgan Rural District, in the Central District of Neyriz County, Fars Province, Iran.	Lah Savz	Horgan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nieżychowice-Wybudowanie (ɲɛʐɨxɔˈvit͡sɛ vɨbudɔˈvaɲɛ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Chojnice, within Chojnice County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Nieżychowice-Wybudowanie	Gmina Chojnice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pazundaung Township (Burmese: ပုဇွန်တောင် မြို့နယ် (bəzʊ̀ɴdàʊɴ mjo̰nɛ̀)) is a township located in the southeastern part of Yangon, Myanmar.	Pazundaung Township	Yangon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Moresby is the highest mountain of the Queen Charlotte Mountains located 26 km (16 mi) south of Queen Charlotte on Haida Gwaii (formerly: Queen Charlotte Islands), British Columbia, Canada.	Mount Moresby	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Matchstick Palace (Swedish: Tändstickspalatset) is an office building with the address Västra Trädgårdsgatan No. 15 in Stockholm.	Matchstick Palace	Stockholm
located in the administrative territorial entity	St Anne's Church, Kew, is a parish church in Kew in the London Borough of Richmond upon Thames.	St Anne's Church, Kew	London Borough of Richmond upon Thames
located in the administrative territorial entity	This Midwest circus cluster includes Triton Troupers Circus near Chicago and Gamma Phi Circus (``The oldest collegiate circus in the world.``) in Normal Illinois, and numerous other famed circus related institutions nearby from Wisconsin to Indiana, cited below.	Triton Troupers Circus	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Van Marter Building, located at 423-427 East Beale Street in Kingman, Arizona, was built in 1921 and has been listed in the National Register of Historic Placed since May 14, 1986.	Van Marter Building	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zajączkowo-Dworzec (zajɔnt͡ʂˈkɔvɔ ˈdvɔʐɛt͡s) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Tczew, within Tczew County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Zajączkowo-Dworzec	Gmina Tczew
located in the administrative territorial entity	Folkestone Roman Villa, also referred to as the East Bay Site, is a villa built during the Roman Occupation of Britain, and is located in East Wear Bay near the port town of Folkstone, in Kent, England.	Folkestone Roman Villa	Kent
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Denver City Cable Railway Building on Lawrence Street in Denver, Colorado, opened in 1889.	Denver City Cable Railway Building	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	The House at 230 Winchester Street in the Newton Highlands section of Newton, Massachusetts, is an elaborate and well-preserved Italianate house.	House at 230 Winchester Street	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Raźniewo (raʑˈɲevɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płońsk, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Raźniewo	Gmina Płońsk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Graham-Brush Log House is a historic home located at the hamlet of Pine Plains in the town of Pine Plains, Dutchess County, New York.	Graham-Brush Log House	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Żebry-Kolonia (ˈʐɛbrɨ kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Śniadowo, within Łomża County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Żebry-Kolonia	Gmina Śniadowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sweet Chalybeate Springs, also known as the Red Sweet Springs, Sweet Chalybeate Hotel and Sweet Chalybeate Springs Lodge, is a historic resort hotel complex located at Sweet Chalybeate, Alleghany County, Virginia.	Sweet Chalybeate Springs	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	King Drew Magnet High School of Medicine and Science is an alternative high school of the Los Angeles Unified School District, located in Willowbrook, unincorporated Los Angeles County, California.	King Drew Magnet High School of Medicine and Science	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	First Colony Mall is a regional shopping mall in Sugar Land, Texas, located about 25 miles (40 km) southwest of Houston.	First Colony Mall	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Carletonville is currently part of the Merafong City Local Municipality.	Carletonville	Merafong City Local Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Šaľa District (Slovak: okres Šaľa; Hungarian: Vágsellyei járás) is a district in the Nitra Region of western Slovakia.	Šaľa District	Nitra Region
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Seagram Building is a skyscraper, located at 375 Park Avenue, between 52nd Street and 53rd Street in Midtown Manhattan, New York City.	Seagram Building	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Gunbarrel Highway is an isolated desert track in the Northern Territory, South Australia and Western Australia.	Gunbarrel Highway	Northern Territory	South Australia	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Borough of Koroit was a local government area about 18 kilometres (11 mi) northwest of Warrnambool in western Victoria, Australia.	Borough of Koroit	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kormanice (kɔrmaˈnit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Fredropol, within Przemyśl County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine.	Kormanice	Gmina Fredropol
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ogholbeyk-e Duzkand (Persian: اوغلبيك دوزكند‎, also Romanized as Ogholbeyk-e Dūzkand; also known as Oghlībeyk and Ogholbeyk) is a village in Qaleh Juq Rural District, Anguran District, Mahneshan County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Ogholbeyk-e Duzkand	Qaleh Juq Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khak Shahi (Persian: خاك شاهي‎, also Romanized as Khāk Shāhī) is a village in Rezvan Rural District, Jebalbarez District, Jiroft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Khak Shahi	Jebalbarez District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wola Korzeniecka (ˈvɔla kɔʐɛˈɲɛt͡ska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bircza, within Przemyśl County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Wola Korzeniecka	Gmina Bircza
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bujayeh (Persian: بوجايه‎, also Romanized as Būjāyeh; also known as Būjā’ī, Bū Jā’ī, Būjā’ī, Būjāneh, and Bū Jāneh-ye Bālā) is a village in Ahandan Rural District, in the Central District of Lahijan County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Bujayeh	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gümeli is a forest belde (town) in Alaplı district of Zonguldak Province, Turkey.	Gümeli	Alaplı
located in the administrative territorial entity	Murgah Kushk (Persian: مورگاه كوشك‎, also Romanized as Mūrgāh Kūshk) is a village in Dasht-e Rum Rural District, in the Central District of Boyer-Ahmad County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Murgah Kushk	Dasht-e Rum Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	All three of these observatories are located at Mauna Kea Observatory on Mauna Kea, Hawaii, and can be operated together as a ten element interferometer in the 230 and 345 GHz bands (eSMA, for extended Submillimeter Array).	Submillimeter Array	Hawaii
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shahkahan (Persian: شه كهان‎, also Romanized as Shahkahān) is a village in Marz Rural District, Chah Dadkhoda District, Qaleh Ganj County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Shahkahan	Chah Dadkhoda District
located in the administrative territorial entity	KCSU-FM (90.5 FM) is Colorado State University's non-commercial, student-run, campus radio station licensed to Fort Collins, Colorado.	KCSU-FM	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pątki-Pieńki (ˈpɔntki ˈpjɛɲki) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Lubowidz, within Żuromin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Pątki-Pieńki	Gmina Lubowidz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rockville Correctional Facility is a state prison located in Adams Township, Parke County, one mile (1.6 km) northwest of Rockville, Indiana.	Rockville Correctional Facility	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Boneh Rezan (Persian: بنه رزان‎‎, also Romanized as Boneh Reẕān) is a village in Shuy Rural District, in the Central District of Baneh County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Boneh Rezan	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gyfartha is a Site of Special Scientific Interest in Brecknock, Powys, Wales.	Gyfartha	Powys
located in the administrative territorial entity	Odrynki (ɔˈdrɨŋki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Narew, within Hajnówka County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Odrynki	Gmina Narew
located in the administrative territorial entity	Soveyseh-ye Saleh (Persian: سويسه صالح‎, also Romanized as Soveyseh-ye Şāleḩ; also known as Savaiseh, Soveyseh, and Soveyseh-ye Chahār) is a village in Soveyseh Rural District, in the Soveyseh District of Karun County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Soveyseh-ye Saleh	Soveyseh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Foster Spinning Co. is an historic textile mill on Cove Street in Fall River, Massachusetts.	Foster Spinning Co.	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pang Mu (Thai: ปางหมู) is a village and tambon (subdistrict) of Mueang Mae Hong Son District, in Mae Hong Son Province, Thailand.	Pang Mu	Mueang Mae Hong Son
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stramniczka (stramˈnit͡ʂka) (German: Alt Tramm) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dygowo, within Kołobrzeg County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Stramniczka	Gmina Dygowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Storke Tower is a landmark campanile (bell and clock tower) located on the campus of the University of California, Santa Barbara in the United States.	Storke Tower	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Montauk Airport (IATA: MTP, ICAO: KMTP, FAA LID: MTP) is a privately owned, public use airport located three nautical miles (6 km) northeast of the central business district of Montauk, in Suffolk County, New York, United States.	Montauk Airport	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Awanui lies at the south end of the Aupouri Peninsula in the Far North District Council of the Northland Region, approximately 7 km north of Kaitaia.	Awanui	Far North District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wool House is a grade II listed Victorian wool warehouse at 74 Backchurch Lane, in the London Borough of Tower Hamlets.	Wool House	London Borough of Tower Hamlets
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stryjno (ˈstrɨi̯nɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wińsko, within Wołów County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Stryjno	Gmina Wińsko
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ostrożany (ɔstrɔˈʐanɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drohiczyn, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Ostrożany	Gmina Drohiczyn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dyadovsko (Bulgarian: Дядовско) is a village in Chernoochene Municipality, in Kardzhali Province, in southern-central Bulgaria.	Dyadovsko	Chernoochene Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wiejce (ˈvjɛi̯t͡sɛ) (formerly German Waitze) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skwierzyna, within Międzyrzecz County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.	Wiejce	Gmina Skwierzyna
located in the administrative territorial entity	Makkinavarigudem is a village of T. Narasapuram mandal in West Godavari district in the state of Andhra Pradesh, India.	Makkinavarigudem	Andhra Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Roberts Creek Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia, Canada, located northwest of the community of Roberts Creek, between Gibsons and Sechelt.	Roberts Creek Provincial Park	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tower Municipal Airport (FAA LID: 12D) is a city-owned, public-use airport located one nautical mile (2 km) northwest of the central business district of Tower, a city in Saint Louis County, Minnesota, United States.	Tower Municipal Airport	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Morrilton Municipal Airport (ICAO: KBDQ, FAA LID: BDQ) is a public use airport located two nautical miles (4 km) southeast of the central business district of Morrilton, in Conway County, Arkansas, United States.	Morrilton Municipal Airport	Arkansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Papowo-Osieki (paˈpɔvɔ ɔˈɕeki) in Papowo Toruńskie village in the district of Gmina Łysomice, within Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Papowo-Osieki	Gmina Łysomice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aransas County Independent School District is an independent county-wide school district based in Rockport, Texas, United States.	Aransas County Independent School District	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aust-Agder (ˈæʉst ˈɑɡdər) ( listen) (East Agder) is a county (fylke) in Norway, bordering Telemark, Rogaland, and Vest-Agder.	Aust-Agder	Norway
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chupan Qeshlaqi (Persian: چوپان قشلاقي‎, also Romanized as Chūpān Qeshlāqī; also known as Chopānqeshlāqī) is a village in Arshaq-e Markazi Rural District, Arshaq District, Meshgin Shahr County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Chupan Qeshlaqi	Arshaq-e Markazi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Museum of Vera Mukhina is a historical and art museum in Feodosiya, Crimea, dedicated to the childhood, youth and artwork of sculptor Vera Ignatyevna Mukhina.	Museum of Vera Mukhina	Feodosiya
located in the administrative territorial entity	Edge School is a private school located in the Rocky View County, just west of Calgary, Alberta, Canada.	Edge School	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sheykh Neshin Rural District (Persian: دهستان شيخ نشين‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Shanderman District, Masal County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Sheykh Neshin Rural District	Shanderman District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sadu (German: Zood; Hungarian: Cód) is a commune in Sibiu County, Transylvania, Romania, at the foothills of the Cindrel Mountains, 27 km south of the county capital Sibiu, in the Mărginimea Sibiului ethnographic area.	Sadu	Sibiu County
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Canton of Capesterre-de-Marie-Galante is a former canton in the Arrondissement of Pointe-à-Pitre in the department of Guadeloupe.	Canton of Capesterre-de-Marie-Galante	Arrondissement of Pointe-à-Pitre	Guadeloupe
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kiitarayuk Glacier is a glacier located on the central coast of the Baffin Mountains on northeastern Baffin Island, Nunavut, Canada.	Kiitarayuk Glacier	Nunavut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sanjavan Marreh (Persian: سنجوان مره‎, also Romanized as Sanjavān Marreh and Sanjavān Mareh; also known as Sanjavān Mareh Jey) is a village in Jey Rural District, in the Central District of Isfahan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Sanjavan Marreh	Jey Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mahudi is a town in Mansa taluka of Gandhinagar district, Gujarat, India situated on the banks of Madhumati river, a tributary of Sabarmati River.	Mahudi	Gandhinagar district	Gujarat
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bernard Corrigan House is a historic residence at 1200 West 55th Street in Kansas City, Missouri.	Bernard Corrigan House	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	The National Eagle Repository is operated and managed under the Office of Law Enforcement of the United States Fish and Wildlife Service located at the Rocky Mountain Arsenal National Wildlife Refuge outside of Denver, Colorado.	National Eagle Repository	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Toplița (Romanian pronunciation: (ˈtoplit͡sa); Hungarian: Maroshévíz, Hungarian pronunciation: (ˈmɒroʃheːviːz)) is a city in Harghita County, Romania.	Toplița	Harghita County
located in the administrative territorial entity	New Park School was an independent preparatory school in St Andrews, Fife, Scotland.	New Park School	St Andrews	Fife
located in the administrative territorial entity	Siah Saran (Persian: سيه سران‎, also Romanized as Sīah Sarān) is a village in Ersi Rural District, in the Central District of Jolfa County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Siah Saran	Ersi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ciemień (ˈt͡ɕɛmjɛɲ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kawęczyn, within Turek County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Ciemień	Gmina Kawęczyn
located in the administrative territorial entity	KTRW (630 AM) is a locally-owned adult standards radio station based in Spokane, Washington, USA.	KTRW	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tavascan (Spanish: Tavascán, Catalan: Tavascan) is a village located in the province of Lleida in Catalonia, Spain.	Tavascan	Catalonia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shirzan (Persian: شيرزن‎, also Romanized as Shīrzan; also known as Shīreh Zān and Sinkeh Zan) is a village in Dowlatkhaneh Rural District, Bajgiran District, Quchan County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Shirzan	Razavi Khorasan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kharam Deh (Persian: خرم ده‎) is a village in Tarrud Rural District, in the Central District of Damavand County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Kharam Deh	Tarrud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Potok-Stany Kolonia (ˈpɔtɔk ˈstanɨ kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Potok Wielki, within Janów Lubelski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Potok-Stany Kolonia	Gmina Potok Wielki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kaljak (Persian: كل جاك‎, also Romanized as Kaljāk) is a village in Chah Dadkhoda Rural District, Chah Dadkhoda District, Qaleh Ganj County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Kaljak	Chah Dadkhoda District
located in the administrative territorial entity	J. Douglas Bake Memorial Airport (ICAO: KOCQ, FAA LID: OCQ) is a public use airport located two nautical miles (4 km) southwest of the central business district of Oconto, a city in Oconto County, Wisconsin, United States.	J. Douglas Bake Memorial Airport	Wisconsin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pogódki-Wybudowanie (pɔˈɡutki vɨbudɔˈvaɲe) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Skarszewy, within Starogard County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Pogódki-Wybudowanie	Gmina Skarszewy
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hoseyn Kutah (Persian: حسين كوتاه‎, also Romanized as Ḩoseyn Kūtāh) is a village in Bakesh-e Yek Rural District, in the Central District of Mamasani County, Fars Province, Iran.	Hoseyn Kutah	Bakesh-e Yek Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Xujiadian (Chinese: 徐家店镇) is a town in Haiyang, Yantai, in eastern Shandong province, China.	Xujiadian	Haiyang
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bannow (Irish: Banú) (Yola: Baannough) is a civil parish lying east of Bannow Bay on the south-west coast of County Wexford, Ireland.	Bannow	County Wexford
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ellensburg High School is a secondary school in Ellensburg, Washington, operated by the Ellensburg School District.	Ellensburg High School	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Straus Park is a small landscaped park on the Upper West Side of Manhattan, at the intersection of Broadway, West End Avenue, and 106th Street.	Straus Park	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Conwell-Egan Catholic High School is a coeducational, college-preparatory Catholic high school in Fairless Hills, Pennsylvania.	Conwell-Egan Catholic High School	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bashevo (Bulgarian: Башево) is a village in Ardino Municipality, Kardzhali Province, southern-central Bulgaria.	Bashevo	Ardino Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Głowno (ˈɡwɔvnɔ) is a town and community in Poland, in Łódź Voivodeship, in Zgierz County, about 25 km northeast of Łódź.	Głowno	Zgierz County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Likas Stadium (Malay: Stadium Likas) is a stadium in Likas, Kota Kinabalu, Sabah, Malaysia.	Likas Stadium	Kota Kinabalu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Blue Canyon Wind Farm is the largest wind farm in Oklahoma, United States.	Blue Canyon Wind Farm	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Budikote or the ``Fort of Ash'' is a small village situated in Bangarpet Taluk of Kolar District in Karnataka state of India.	Budikote	Karnataka
located in the administrative territorial entity	First German Reformed Church is a historic church at 413 Wisconsin Avenue in Waukesha, Wisconsin, United States.	First German Reformed Church	Wisconsin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Druimindarroch (Scottish Gaelic: Druim nan Darach) is a small settlement which lies on the north coast of Loch nan Uamh in Lochaber, Scottish Highlands and is in the council area of Highland.	Druimindarroch	Highland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wola Mrokowska (ˈvɔla mrɔˈkɔfska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lesznowola, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Wola Mrokowska	Gmina Lesznowola
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chah Kharu (Persian: چاه خارو‎, also Romanized as Chāh Khārū; also known as Chāh Khārūk) is a village in Bondar Rural District, Senderk District, Minab County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Chah Kharu	Bondar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Staniowice (staɲɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sobków, within Jędrzejów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Staniowice	Gmina Sobków
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dr. Babasaheb Ambedkar Marathwada University (BAMU), formerly Marathwada University, is located in Aurangabad, Maharashtra, Republic of India.	Dr. Babasaheb Ambedkar Marathwada University	Aurangabad	Maharashtra	India
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Champagne Bath, today officially the Champagne Fitness Center, is a historic bath in Ottawa, Canada.	Champagne Bath	Ottawa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cordelia Lutheran Church was dedicated by Pastor Peter Carlson on December 15, 1883 and is the oldest Lutheran building in the state of Idaho.	Cordelia Lutheran Church	Idaho
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stoke Holy Cross is a village in South Norfolk which lies approximately 4 miles (6.4 km) south of Norwich.	Stoke Holy Cross	Norfolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Appling County High School (also known as Appling County Comprehensive High School) is a high school in Baxley, Appling County, Georgia, USA, and part of the Appling County School District.	Appling County High School	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barelas is an inner-city neighborhood of Albuquerque, New Mexico, located immediately south of Downtown.	Barelas	New Mexico
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Confederate Monument of Cadiz, in Cadiz, Kentucky, was placed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1997.	Confederate Monument of Cadiz	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rupea (German Reps; Hungarian: Kőhalom, ``mound of rocks''; Latin Ripa) is a town in Braşov County in Transylvania, Romania.	Rupea	Braşov County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Moers belongs to the district of Wesel.	Moers	Wesel
located in the administrative territorial entity	Abdaki (Persian: ابدكي‎, also Romanized as Ābdakī and Abdakī; also known as Kalāteh-ye Adakī) is a village in Borun Rural District, in the Central District of Ferdows County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Abdaki	Borun Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wroceń (ˈvrɔt͡sɛɲ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Goniądz, within Mońki County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Wroceń	Gmina Goniądz
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Discovery Museums is a non-profit science and children's museum in Acton, Massachusetts, United States.	The Discovery Museums	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oak Glen High School is a consolidated public high school serving the northern half of Hancock County, West Virginia.	Oak Glen High School	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Harold Hill is a large suburban district in East London, England, and part of the London Borough of Havering.	Harold Hill	London Borough of Havering
located in the administrative territorial entity	Otap (or Otap'i) is a village and municipality in Ochamchira District, Abkhazia, a disputed part of Georgia.	Otap	Ochamchira District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mission Bridge is a steel girder bridge linking the District Of Mission to the City of Abbotsford, British Columbia, Canada.	Mission Bridge	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hopewell Academy is a small private, coeducational college preparatory school located in Cary, North Carolina.	Hopewell Academy	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Santa Restituta is a church in Naples, southern Italy, dedicated to Saint Restituta.	Santa Restituta	Naples
located in the administrative territorial entity	Carl's Ice Cream (also known as ``Carl's Frozen Custard'' or, most often, simply ``Carl's'') is a curbside ice cream stand located at 2200 Princess Anne Street, Fredericksburg, Virginia.	Carl's Ice Cream	Fredericksburg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sobiechy (sɔˈbjɛxɨ) (German: Sobiechen, from 1938-45 Salpen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Budry, within Węgorzewo County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland, close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.	Sobiechy	Gmina Budry
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lava Canyon Falls drops 200 feet (61 meters) along the Muddy River in Skamania County, Washington.	Lava Canyon Falls	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lakhpul is a village near Adampur in the Hisar district of the Indian state of Haryana.	Lakhpul	Haryana
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cactus to Clouds Trail from Palm Springs, California, to San Jacinto Peak is a hiking trail.	Cactus to Clouds Trail	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Logans Ferry Mine Tunnel consists of a pair of abandoned coal tunnels under the Allegheny River between Plum and Springdale, Pennsylvania in the United States.	Logans Ferry Mine Tunnel	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The San Antonio Crowne Plaza is a 10 story hotel near the San Antonio Airport San Antonio, Texas, USA.	San Antonio Crowne Plaza	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tonto Natural Bridge is a natural arch in Arizona, USA, that is believed to be the largest natural travertine bridge in the world.	Tonto Natural Bridge	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Alvin Ailey American Dance Theater (AAADT) is a modern dance company based in New York, New York.	Alvin Ailey American Dance Theater	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Offwell is a village and civil parish in East Devon in the English county of Devon, approximately 2 miles south-east from the nearest town, Honiton.	Offwell	Devon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Opequon Presbyterian Church is a historic Presbyterian church located near Winchester, in Frederick County, Virginia.	Opequon Presbyterian Church	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Castle Point is a local government District with borough status in south Essex, centred from London.	Castle Point	Essex
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lijewo (liˈjɛvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Choceń, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Lijewo	Gmina Choceń
located in the administrative territorial entity	Blacksburg Motor Company, Inc., also known as Doc Roberts Tire Co. and Heavener Chevrolet, is a historic commercial building located at Blacksburg, Montgomery County, Virginia.	Blacksburg Motor Company, Inc.	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Żebry Kolonia (ˈʐɛbrɨ kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nur, within Ostrów Mazowiecka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Żebry Kolonia	Gmina Nur
located in the administrative territorial entity	Robert's Western World is a honky tonk located in Nashville Tennessee.	Robert's Western World	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cedar City Regional Airport (IATA: CDC, ICAO: KCDC, FAA LID: CDC) is two miles northwest of Cedar City, in Iron County, Utah.	Cedar City Regional Airport	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Centre for Contemporary Arts (CCA) is an art gallery, performance space, cafe, and cinema on Sauchiehall Street, in Glasgow, Scotland.	Centre for Contemporary Arts	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ajax Plaza Bus Terminal was located along the east side of the shopping centre parking lot at 190 Harwood Avenue South, south of Highway 401, in Ajax, Ontario, Canada.	Ajax Plaza Bus Terminal	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Commune of Conzano (Italian: Comune di Conzano; Piemontese: Consan) is a municipality lying to the south of Casale Monferrato in the north-west Italian Province of Alessandria.	Conzano	Province of Alessandria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bereča Vas (pronounced (bɛˈɾeːtʃa ˈʋaːs); Slovene: Bereča vas, German: Beretschendorf) is a settlement in the Municipality of Metlika in the White Carniola area of southeastern Slovenia.	Bereča Vas	Metlika
located in the administrative territorial entity	The H-B Woodlawn Program, commonly referred to as H-B, is an alternative all-county public school located in Arlington County, Virginia, United States based on the liberal educational movements of the 1960s and 1970s.	H-B Woodlawn	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qaleh-ye Nashin Shahi (Persian: قلعه نشين شاهي‎, also Romanized as Qalʿeh Nashīn Shāhī; also known as Qaleh-ye Shinshahi) is a village in Shurab Rural District, Veysian District, Dowreh County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Qaleh-ye Nashin Shahi	Shurab Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Goshen Municipal Airport (IATA: GSH, ICAO: KGSH, FAA LID: GSH) is a public use airport located three nautical miles (6 km) southeast of the central business district of Goshen, a city in Elkhart County, Indiana, United States.	Goshen Municipal Airport	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lower Juba (Somali: Jubbada Hoose, Arabic: جوبا السفلى‎) is an administrative region (gobol) in southern Somalia.	Lower Juba	Somalia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Notre Dame Stadium is an outdoor football stadium in Notre Dame, Indiana, the home field of the University of Notre Dame Fighting Irish.	Notre Dame Stadium	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Karkikhan (Persian: كركيخان‎, also Romanized as Karkīkhān and Karkīn Khān) is a village in Gudarzi Rural District, Oshtorinan District, Borujerd County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Karkikhan	Gudarzi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Traditionally, the seat of the Russian admiralty and the base of the Russian Baltic Fleet were located in Kronstadt guarding the approaches to Saint Petersburg.	Kronstadt	Saint Petersburg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qasab-e Zalkan (Persian: قصاب ذالكان‎, also Romanized as Qaşāb-e Z̄ālkān) is a village in Esbu Kola Rural District, in the Central District of Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Qasab-e Zalkan	Esbu Kola Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	McLaren Vale is a wine region approximately 35 km south of Adelaide in South Australia.	McLaren Vale	South Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wielątki Rosochate (vjɛˈlɔntki rɔsɔˈxatɛ) is a Polish village in the Gmina Somianka administrative district.	Wielątki Rosochate	Gmina Somianka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gernsheim is a town in Groß-Gerau district and Darmstadt region in Hesse, Germany, lying on the Rhine.	Gernsheim	Groß-Gerau	Hesse
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sarkavaran (Persian: سركواران‎, also Romanized as Sarkavārān; also known as Sarkeh Bārān and Sār Kūrān) is a village in Bezenjan Rural District, in the Central District of Baft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Sarkavaran	Bezenjan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Natural Areas of the Llobregat Delta (Catalan: Espais Naturals del Delta del Llobregat) is a network of protected areas established in 1987 that belongs to the municipalities of El Prat de Llobregat, Viladecans, Gavà and Sant Boi de Llobregat.	Llobregat Delta	El Prat de Llobregat
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grandview Speedway is a one third-mile automobile race track located just east of Bechtelsville, Pennsylvania, United States.	Grandview Speedway	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Thunder Basin National Grassland is located in northeastern Wyoming in the Powder River Basin between the Big Horn Mountains and the Black Hills.	Thunder Basin National Grassland	Wyoming
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rusk Glacier is located on the eastern face of Mount Adams in the U.S. state of Washington.	Rusk Glacier	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lebanon Valley College (also referred to as ``LVC'', ``Lebanon Valley'' and ``The Valley'') is a small, liberal arts higher education institution situated in the heart of Annville in Lebanon County, 19.5 mi (31.4 km) east of Harrisburg, Pennsylvania.	Lebanon Valley College	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ski Big Bear is a skiing and snowboarding resort located in Lackawaxen Township, Pike County, Pennsylvania (in the Census Bureau CDP of Masthope).	Ski Big Bear	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ondo or Ondo State is a state in Nigeria created on 3 February 1976 from the former Western State.	Ondo State	Nigeria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Xiaoyi (Chinese: 孝义) is a county-level city under the administration of Lüliang prefecture-level city, in Shanxi Province, China.	Xiaoyi	Lüliang
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sierra National Forest is a U.S. National Forest located on the western slope of central Sierra Nevada in the state of California.	Sierra National Forest	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kilis Province (Turkish: Kilis ili) is a province in south-central Turkey, on the border with Syria.	Kilis Province	Turkey
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Wiluna Gold Mine is an active gold mine in Western Australia near the town of Wiluna.	Wiluna Gold Mine	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oliveri (Sicilian: Uliveri) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Messina in the Italian region Sicily, located about 150 kilometres (93 mi) east of Palermo and about 45 kilometres (28 mi) west of Messina.	Oliveri	Province of Messina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cobblestone Farmhouse at 1229 Birdsey Road is a farmhouse in the town of Junius, New York, in Seneca County, New York.	Cobblestone Farmhouse at 1229 Birdsey Road	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kohneh Zuran (Persian: كهنه زوران‎, also Romanized as Kohneh Zūrān) is a village in Baryaji Rural District, in the Central District of Sardasht County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Kohneh Zuran	Baryaji Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bard College at Simon's Rock, more commonly known as Simon's Rock (see below), is a residential four-year liberal arts college located in Great Barrington, Massachusetts, USA.	Bard College at Simon's Rock	Great Barrington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Carleton College (/ˈkɑːrltᵻn/ KARL-tin) is a private liberal arts college in the historic town of Northfield, Minnesota.	Carleton College	Northfield	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gottne is a locality situated in Örnsköldsvik Municipality, Västernorrland County, Sweden with 218 inhabitants in 2010.	Gottne	Örnsköldsvik
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hooker Municipal Airport (IATA: O45) is a city-owned public-use airport located zero miles west of the central business district of Hooker, a city in Texas County, Oklahoma, United States.	Hooker Municipal Airport	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Skanörs Ljung Nature Reserve (Swedish: Skanörs ljung) is situated in the South-Western part of the Scania province of Sweden, in the Vellinge Municipality between Ljunghusen and Skanör-Falsterbo.	Skanörs Ljung Nature Reserve	Vellinge Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Green Run High School is a public secondary school located at 1700 Dahlia Drive of the Green Run area of suburban Virginia Beach, Virginia.	Green Run High School	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fork Mountain, Tennessee, is a former coal mining camp, located on Tennessee State Route 116 and the New River, at the Morgan County-Anderson County line.	Fork Mountain, Tennessee	Anderson County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bloomington High School South (sometimes BHSS or simply South) is a high school in Bloomington, Indiana.	Bloomington High School South	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dolní Studénky (German: Schönbrunn) (historic name: Studenka) is a village and municipality (obec) in Šumperk District in the Olomouc Region of the Czech Republic.	Dolní Studénky	Šumperk District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Crichton is an institutional campus in Dumfries, south-west Scotland.	The Crichton	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nurabad-e Nadar (Persian: نورابادندر‎, also Romanized as Nūrābād-e Nadar) is a village in Qaleh-ye Mozaffari Rural District, in the Central District of Selseleh County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Nurabad-e Nadar	Qaleh-ye Mozaffari Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	El Morocco (sometimes nicknamed Elmo or Elmer) was a 20th-century Manhattan nightclub frequented by the rich and famous from the 1930s until the decline of café society in the late 1950s.	El Morocco	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alice Lloyd College is a four-year liberal arts work college in Pippa Passes, Kentucky, United States.	Alice Lloyd College	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mazraeh-ye Shariat Panahi (Persian: مزرعه شريعت پناهي‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Sharīʿat Panāhī) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Semnan County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 20, in 8 families.	Mazraeh-ye Shariat Panahi	Howmeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Olimpiów (ɔˈlimpjuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mniszków, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Olimpiów	Gmina Mniszków
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Herreshoff Marine Museum, located in Bristol, Rhode Island, USA, is a maritime museum dedicated to the history of the Herreshoff Manufacturing Company, yachting, and the America's Cup.	Herreshoff Marine Museum	Rhode Island
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lee Richardson Zoo is an AZA accredited zoo in Garden City, Kansas.	Lee Richardson Zoo	Kansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sambaran (Persian: سامبران‎, also Romanized as Sāmbarān; also known as Mobābzān, Sambaram, Sānbarān, and Sānborān) is a village in Owch Hacha Rural District, in the Central District of Ahar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Sambaran	Owch Hacha Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Garner State Park is a state park in the community of Concan, Texas located in Uvalde County, Texas in the United States.	Garner State Park	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wenham Lake (224 acres) is a lake located in Wenham and Beverly, in the U.S. state of Massachusetts.	Wenham Lake	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Janiszewko (janiˈʂɛfkɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pelplin, within Tczew County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Janiszewko	Gmina Pelplin
located in the administrative territorial entity	De Grassi Street is a side street located in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.	De Grassi Street	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Raadi Manor (German: Raadi Ratshof) was in the area known as Raadi-Kruusamäe, on the outskirts of Tartu in Estonia.	Raadi Manor	Raadi-Kruusamäe
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mashhadlu (Persian: مشهدلو‎, also Romanized as Mashhadlū) is a village in Ojarud-e Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Germi County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Mashhadlu	Ojarud-e Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nahr-e Al Masadi (Persian: نهرالمساعدي‎, also Romanized as Nahr-e Al Masāʿdī) is a village in Nasar Rural District, Arvandkenar District, Abadan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Nahr-e Al Masadi	Nasar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Two Prudential Plaza is a 64-story skyscraper that was built in the Loop area of Chicago, Illinois, United States in 1990.	Two Prudential Plaza	Chicago
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Neon Museum in Las Vegas, Nevada, United States, features signs from old casinos and other businesses displayed outdoors on over 6 acres (2.4 ha).	Neon Museum	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hotgi is a suburb of Solapur in Solapur district of Maharashtra.	Hotgi	Solapur district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tiegan (Chinese: 铁杆镇) is a township-level division of Shenze County, Shijiazhuang, Hebei, China.	Tiegan	Shenze County
located in the administrative territorial entity	River Oaks Country Club is a country club located in the River Oaks neighborhood of Houston, Texas, United States.	River Oaks Country Club	Houston	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Koningsbosch (Limburgish: De Boesj) is a village within the municipality of Echt-Susteren, in the Dutch province of Limburg.	Koningsbosch	Echt-Susteren
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kirkland Station is a historic railway station located in West Whiteland Township, Chester County, Pennsylvania.	Kirkland Station	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yazab (Persian: يزاب‎, also Romanized as Yazāb and Yaz Āb; also known as Ḩamīd) is a village in Shoaybiyeh-ye Gharbi Rural District, Shadravan District, Shushtar County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Yazab	Shoaybiyeh-ye Gharbi Rural District	Khuzestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Motherwell (Scots: Mitherwall, Scottish Gaelic: Tobar na Màthar) is a large town and former burgh in North Lanarkshire, Scotland, south east of Glasgow.	Motherwell	North Lanarkshire	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Černá is a village close to Lomnice nad Popelkou, Czech Republic.	Černá	Lomnice nad Popelkou
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Peak Galleria (Chinese: 山頂廣場) is a leisure and shopping complex and tourist attraction located at Victoria Gap, near the summit of Victoria Peak on Hong Kong Island, Hong Kong.	The Peak Galleria	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barrali is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Cagliari in the Italian region Sardinia, located in the Trexenta about 30 kilometres (19 mi) north of Cagliari.	Barrali	Province of Cagliari
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sheshtaraz Rural District (Persian: دهستان ششطراز‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Sheshtaraz District, Khalilabad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Sheshtaraz Rural District	Sheshtaraz District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Skrzyniec-Kolonia (ˈskʂɨɲet͡s kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bełżyce, within Lublin County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Skrzyniec-Kolonia	Gmina Bełżyce
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kolonie Jasionowo (kɔˈlɔɲe jaɕɔˈnɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sztabin, within Augustów County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Kolonie Jasionowo	Gmina Sztabin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Korbal Rural District (Persian: دهستان كربال‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Kharameh County, Fars Province, Iran.	Korbal Rural District	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Astrup Fearnley Museum of Modern Art is a privately owned Contemporary Art gallery in Oslo in Norway.	Astrup Fearnley Museum of Modern Art	Oslo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gravelotte is a commune in the Moselle department in Alsace-Champagne-Ardenne-Lorraine in north-eastern France, with a population of 652 by 1999.	Gravelotte	Moselle
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Henrichenburg boat lift facilitates a change in elevation of the Dortmund-Ems-Kanal in Waltrop-Oberwiese.	Henrichenburg boat lift	Waltrop
located in the administrative territorial entity	Suicide Six is the name of a ski resort in South Pomfret, Vermont.	Suicide Six	Pomfret
located in the administrative territorial entity	Terrace Hill, also known as Hubbell Mansion, Benjamin F. Allen House, and Iowa Governor's Mansion, is the official residence of the Governor of Iowa.	Terrace Hill	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stadacona was a 16th-century St. Lawrence Iroquoian village near present-day Quebec City.	Stadacona	Quebec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shek Pik Reservoir (Chinese: 石壁水塘) is a reservoir in Shek Pik on Lantau Island in Hong Kong.	Shek Pik Reservoir	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mahur-e Chah Gandali (Persian: ماهورچاه گندلي‎, also Romanized as Māhūr-e Chāh Gandalī) is a village in Shahid Modarres Rural District, in the Central District of Shushtar County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Mahur-e Chah Gandali	Shahid Modarres Rural District	Khuzestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Jacques Marchais Museum of Tibetan Art, located on residential Lighthouse Hill in the Egbertville neighborhood of Staten Island, New York City, United States, is home to one of the United States' most extensive collections of Himalayan artifacts.	Jacques Marchais Museum of Tibetan Art	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Łąkta Górna (ˈwɔ̃kta ˈɡurna) is a village and sołectwo in the administrative district of Gmina Żegocina, within Bochnia County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Łąkta Górna	Gmina Żegocina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gandomban-e Olya (Persian: گندمبان عليا‎, also Romanized as Gandombān-e ``Olyā) is a village in Sanjabi Rural District, Kuzaran District, Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 23, in 7 families.	Gandomban-e Olya	Sanjabi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kałęczyn-Walochy (kaˈwɛnt͡ʂɨn vaˈlɔxɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rutki, within Zambrów County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Kałęczyn-Walochy	Gmina Rutki
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Millard's Crossing Historic Village is located at 211 S. 6020 North Street, in the city and county of Nacogdoches, in the U.S. state of Texas.	Millard's Crossing Historic Village	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Boneh-ye Rashid (Persian: بنه رشيد‎, also Romanized as Boneh-ye Rashīd; also known as Bon-e Rashīd and Bon Rashid) is a village in Soltanabad Rural District, in the Central District of Ramhormoz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Boneh-ye Rashid	Soltanabad Rural District	Khuzestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barzykowo (baʐɨˈkɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stawiski, within Kolno County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Barzykowo	Gmina Stawiski
located in the administrative territorial entity	Estádio Governador José Fragelli, usually known as Verdão, was a multi-purpose stadium in Cuiabá, Brazil.	Verdão	Cuiabá
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fishing Lake is a lake in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan.	Fishing Lake	Saskatchewan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Boezembrug is a bridge in Rotterdam, part of the Gouda Roadway.	Boezembrug	Rotterdam
located in the administrative territorial entity	Świnie Oko (ˈɕfiɲe ˈɔkɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piecki, within Mrągowo County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Świnie Oko	Gmina Piecki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bootleg Canyon Mountain Bike Park is an internationally renowned venue located in Bootleg Canyon within the northern section of Boulder City, Nevada, in the desert near Lake Mead and Hoover Dam.	Bootleg Canyon Mountain Bike Park	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kolonia Łojki (kɔˈlɔɲa ˈwɔi̯ki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Blachownia, within Częstochowa County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Kolonia Łojki	Gmina Blachownia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Andrew and Jennie McFarlane House, also known as the William Larimer, Sr. House, is a historic home located in North Huntingdon Township, Westmoreland County, Pennsylvania.	Andrew and Jennie McFarlane House	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cayes-Jacmel (Haitian Creole: Kay Jakmèl) is a commune in the Jacmel Arrondissement, in the Sud-Est Department of Haiti.	Cayes-Jacmel	Jacmel Arrondissement
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qandi Bolagh (Persian: قندي بلاغ‎, also Romanized as Qandī Bolāgh; also known as Kand Bulag, Kandbulāq, and Qand Bolāgh) is a village in Ijrud-e Pain Rural District, Halab District, Ijrud County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Qandi Bolagh	Ijrud-e Pain Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yudu County (Chinese: 于都县; pinyin: Yúdū Xiàn) is a highly populated county under the administration of Ganzhou city, located in the south of Jiangxi province, China.	Yudu County	Ganzhou
located in the administrative territorial entity	Benjamin Banneker Academy for Community Development (usually called Banneker) is a public high school located in the Clinton Hill section of Brooklyn, New York City.	Benjamin Banneker Academy	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stare Wnory (ˈstarɛ ˈvnɔrɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kobylin-Borzymy, within Wysokie Mazowieckie County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Stare Wnory	Gmina Kobylin-Borzymy
located in the administrative territorial entity	West Beckham is a village and a civil parish in the English county of Norfolk The village is 6.1 miles (9.8 km) west south west of Cromer, 25.3 miles (40.7 km) north north west of Norwich and 131 miles (211 km) north north east of London.	West Beckham	Norfolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chestatee High School is a public high school located in Gainesville, Georgia, USA, operated by Hall County Schools.	Chestatee High School	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kuzdagan (Persian: كوزدگن‎, also Romanized as Kūzdagan; also known as Gezdagian, Goz Dagan, and Gūzdakan) is a village in Bastam Rural District, in the Central District of Chaypareh County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Kuzdagan	Bastam Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Addison Community Schools is a Class D-sized K-12 educational facility in northwest Lenawee County, Michigan.	Addison Community Schools	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jack Stephens Center is a 5,600-seat multi-purpose arena in Little Rock, Arkansas, United States and was built in 2005.	Jack Stephens Center	Arkansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bonguh (Persian: بنگوه‎, also Romanized as Bongūh) is a village in Hudian Rural District, in the Central District of Dalgan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Bonguh	Hudian Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kareh Kang (Persian: كره كنگ‎) is a village in Shalal and Dasht-e Gol Rural District, in the Central District of Andika County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Kareh Kang	Shalal and Dasht-e Gol Rural District	Khuzestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tainter Lake is a small reservoir in north central Dunn County, Wisconsin, on the Red Cedar River at its confluence with the Hay River.	Tainter Lake	Wisconsin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Phulhan is a village near Hanumanganj post office in Allahabad district of Uttar Pradesh Province in northern India.	Phulhan	Allahabad	Uttar Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Formerly a village in its own right, St Sidwells grew in importance along with Exeter thanks to its location on the main cart track between Exeter and the high ground of Stoke Hill and the rich farmland of East Devon.	St Sidwells	Devon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Seekonk Speedway is a family entertainment venue that features racing of all kinds on a semi-banked 1/3 mile paved oval located on U.S. Route 6 in Seekonk, Massachusetts.	Seekonk Speedway	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sant Adrià de Besòs (Catalan pronunciation: (ˈsant əðɾiˈa ðə βəˈzɔs)) is a city and a municipality within the comarca of Barcelonès in Catalonia, north-eastern Spain.	Sant Adrià de Besòs	Barcelonès
located in the administrative territorial entity	Capivari de Baixo is a Brazilian municipality located in the southern region of Santa Catarina.	Capivari de Baixo	Santa Catarina
located in the administrative territorial entity	New Colonial Hotel, also known as the Stagecoach Inn and Sechler Sport Distributing, is a historic hotel in Meyersdale, Somerset County, Pennsylvania.	New Colonial Hotel	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Uppangala is the major panchayath village in Thallarevu mandal in East Godavari district, Andhra Pradesh.	Uppangala	Andhra Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	It is now a neighbourhood of Rotterdam, and part of the borough of Hillegersberg-Schiebroek.	Schiebroek	Rotterdam
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Highbank Park Works (also known as the Orange Township Works) is a complex of earthworks and a potential archaeological site located within Highbanks Metro Park in the central part of the U.S. state of Ohio.	Highbank Park Works	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nazarabad Qaleh (Persian: نظرابادقلعه‎, also Romanized as Naz̧arābād Qal``eh) is a village in Torkaman Rural District, in the Central District of Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 111, in 28 families.	Nazarabad Qaleh	Torkaman Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ruda Mała (ˈruda ˈmawa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kowala, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Ruda Mała	Gmina Kowala
located in the administrative territorial entity	Czestków-Osiedle (ˈt͡ʂɛstkuf ɔˈɕɛdlɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Buczek, within Łask County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Czestków-Osiedle	Gmina Buczek
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Broadback River (French: Rivière Broadback) is a river in northern Quebec, Canada.	Broadback River	Quebec
located in the administrative territorial entity	López de Micay (Spanish pronunciation: (ˈlopes ðe ˈmikai)) is a town and municipality in the Cauca Department, Colombia.	López de Micay	Cauca Department
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qolteh (Persian: قلته‎, also Romanized as Qalteh; also known as Ghalteh and Qolta) is a village in Salehan Rural District, in the Central District of Khomeyn County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Qolteh	Salehan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Southaven County Park is located in Brookhaven and South Haven, New York in central Long Island.	Southaven County Park	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kryłów-Kolonia (ˈkrɨwuf kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mircze, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine.	Kryłów-Kolonia	Gmina Mircze
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cockington is a village in Torquay in the English county of Devon.	Cockington	Devon
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Carnarvon Basin is a geological basin located in the north west of Western Australia.	Carnarvon Basin	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cwm Talwg is a north-western district and large housing estate complex within the town of Barry in the Vale of Glamorgan ten miles outside Cardiff in south Wales.	Cwm Talwg	Vale of Glamorgan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Agino Selo (Serbian Cyrillic: Агино Село) is a village in the municipality of Banja Luka, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Agino Selo	Banja Luka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kieźliny (kʲɛˈʑlinɨ) (German Köslinen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dywity, within Olsztyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Kieźliny	Gmina Dywity
located in the administrative territorial entity	Machcinko (maxˈt͡ɕiŋkɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Machcinko	Gmina Bielsk
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Eisenhower Golf Club, named after U.S. President Dwight Eisenhower, is the golf course located at Crownsville, Maryland in Anne Arundel County.	Eisenhower Golf Club	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Omani Aquarium and Marine Science and Fisheries Centre is an aquacultural museum, located between the Al Bustan Palace Hotel and the Capital Yacht near Sidab Muscat in Muscat Oman.	Omani Aquarium and Marine Science and Fisheries Centre	Muscat
located in the administrative territorial entity	Skoczewo (skɔˈt͡ʂɛvɔ) (German Hermannshof) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Barciany, within Kętrzyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland, close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.	Skoczewo	Gmina Barciany
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Replot Bridge (Swedish: Replotbron; Finnish: Raippaluodon silta) is a cable-stayed tuftform bridge connecting the island of Replot with the mainland in Korsholm, near Vaasa, Finland.	Replot Bridge	Korsholm
located in the administrative territorial entity	West Alaska Lake, is a small lake in Central Kewaunee County, Wisconsin.	West Alaska Lake	Wisconsin
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Four State Area or Quad State Area, is the area where the states of Arkansas, Kansas, Missouri and Oklahoma touch.	Four State Area	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wojdal (ˈvɔi̯dal) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pakość, within Inowrocław County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Wojdal	Gmina Pakość
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Great Baltimore Fire raged in Baltimore, Maryland, United States on Sunday, February 7 and Monday, February 8, 1904.	Great Baltimore Fire	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ameland Lighthouse, commonly known as Bornrif, is a lighthouse on the Dutch island Ameland, one of the Frisian Islands, on the edge of the North Sea.	Bornrif	Ameland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mszalnica (mʂalˈɲit͡sa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamionka Wielka, within Nowy Sącz County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Mszalnica	Gmina Kamionka Wielka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hainich National Park (German: Nationalpark Hainich), founded on December 31, 1997, is the 13th national park in Germany and the only one in Thuringia.	Hainich National Park	Thuringia
located in the administrative territorial entity	South Square Mall is a defunct shopping mall that was located in Durham, North Carolina.	South Square Mall	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Maubourguet (pronounced: (mobuʁɡɛ)) is a commune in the Hautes-Pyrénées department in south-western France.	Maubourguet	Hautes-Pyrénées
located in the administrative territorial entity	Inyo National Forest is a United States National Forest covering parts of the eastern Sierra Nevada of California and the White Mountains of California and Nevada.	Inyo National Forest	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Abbott's Creek Primitive Baptist Church Cemetery is a historic Primitive Baptist church cemetery near Thomasville, Davidson County, North Carolina.	Abbott's Creek Primitive Baptist Church Cemetery	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bancroft's School is a co-educational independent school located in Woodford Green, Essex and the London Borough of Redbridge.	Bancroft's School	London Borough of Redbridge
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rufus Lamson House is an historic house at 72-74 Hampshire Street in Cambridge, Massachusetts, a few blocks from the Lamson Place.	Rufus Lamson House	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lansdowne Theatre is a historic theatre building located at Lansdowne, Delaware County, Pennsylvania.	Lansdowne Theatre	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rząśnik-Majdan (ˈʐɔ̃ɕnik ˈmai̯dan) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wąsewo, within Ostrów Mazowiecka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Rząśnik-Majdan	Gmina Wąsewo
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bessin corresponds to the former diocese of Bayeux, which was incorporated into the Calvados département following the French Revolution.	Bessin	Calvados
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jalambadan (Persian: جلمبادان‎, also Romanized as Jalambādān; also known as Jolombārān) is a village in Pirakuh Rural District, in the Central District of Jowayin County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Jalambadan	Razavi Khorasan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Portlands Energy Centre is owned and operated as a 50/50 joint partnership between Ontario Power Generation and TransCanada Energy.	Portlands Energy Centre	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Estadio Alfonso Lastras is a multi-use unfinished stadium in San Luis Potosí, Mexico.	Estadio Alfonso Lastras	San Luis Potosí
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Dienten Saddle (German: Dientner Sattel) is a mountain col at a height of 1370 m in the Austrian federal state of Salzburg.	Dienten Saddle	Salzburg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Layer Marney is a village and civil parish near to Tiptree, in the Colchester borough, in the county of Essex, England.	Layer Marney	Essex
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khaniyadhana is a town and a Nagar Palika in Shivpuri district in the Indian state of Madhya Pradesh.it is known also for jain temples.	Khaniyadhana	Shivpuri district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Amarwara is a town and a nagar palika parishad in Chhindwara district in the state of Madhya Pradesh, India.	Amarwara	Chhindwara district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sant'Agnese in Agone (also called Sant'Agnese in Piazza Navona) is a 17th-century Baroque church in Rome, Italy.	Sant'Agnese in Agone	Rome
located in the administrative territorial entity	Soulé Steam Feed Works is a historic business founded in Meridian, Mississippi in 1891 by George Soulé.	Soulé Steam Feed Works	Mississippi
located in the administrative territorial entity	Laleh Bagh (Persian: لاله باغ‎, also Romanized as Lāleh Bāgh) is a village in Fenderesk-e Shomali Rural District, Fenderesk District, Ramian County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Laleh Bagh	Fenderesk-e Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Big Sandy Rancheria of Mono Indians of California is a ranchería and federally recognized tribe of Western Mono Indians (Monache) is located in Fresno County, California.	Big Sandy Rancheria	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sarv-e Nav-e Olya (Persian: سرونوعليا‎, also Romanized as Sarv-e Nāv-e ``Olyā) is a village in Sar Firuzabad Rural District, Firuzabad District, Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 553, in 121 families.	Sarv-e Nav-e Olya	Sar Firuzabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Haus der Musik (House of Music) in Vienna opened in 2000, and is the first museum of sound and music in Austria.	Haus der Musik	Vienna
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aleban (Persian: البن‎) is a village in Rastupey Rural District, in the Central District of Savadkuh County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Aleban	Rastupey Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	WMGB (95.1 FM, ``B95.1'') is a radio station serving the Macon, Georgia area with a Top 40 (CHR) format.	WMGB	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bącz (bɔnt͡ʂ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kartuzy, within Kartuzy County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Bącz	Gmina Kartuzy
located in the administrative territorial entity	East Apple River makes up the eastern and upriver portion of the Canadian rural community of Apple River, Nova Scotia located in Cumberland County, Nova Scotia.	East Apple River	Nova Scotia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stary Żmigród (ˈstarɨ ˈʐmiɡrut) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Żmigród, within Jasło County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Stary Żmigród	Gmina Nowy Żmigród
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hasan Salaran (Persian: حسن سالاران‎, also Romanized as Ḩasan Sālārān) is a village in Zu ol Faqr Rural District, Sarshiv District, Saqqez County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Hasan Salaran	Kurdistan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Scenic Falls is an 18 metre high ribbon/plunge waterfall found along the west-end of the Chedoke Radial Trail in Hamilton, Ontario, Canada.	Scenic Falls	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	WQYK-FM (99.5 FM) is a commercial country music radio station in Tampa, Florida.	WQYK-FM	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Masuk High School is the only public high school of Monroe, Connecticut, United States, and includes grades 9 through 12.	Masuk High School	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Savage Mountain is an anticline extending from Bedford County, Pennsylvania southwest into Western Maryland.	Savage Mountain	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Walnut Creek Ranger Station, also known as Walnut Creek Work Center, in Prescott National Forest near Prescott, Arizona was built in 1931 by the Civilian Conservation Corps.	Walnut Creek Ranger Station	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Old Dillard High School, also known as the Colored School or Walker Elementary, is a historic school in Fort Lauderdale, Florida.	Old Dillard High School	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Patrician Brothers' College, Blacktown is a Roman Catholic, independent secondary, day school for boys, located in Blacktown, a western suburb of Sydney, New South Wales, Australia.	Patrician Brothers' College, Blacktown	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	211 North Ervay is a high rise located at 211 North Ervay Street in the City Center District of Dallas, Texas, United States.	211 North Ervay	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Czernina Górna (t͡ʂɛrˈnina ˈɡurna) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Góra, within Góra County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Czernina Górna	Gmina Góra
located in the administrative territorial entity	Elizabeth Locks & Dam is one of nine navigational structures on the Monongahela River between Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania and Fairmont, West Virginia.	Elizabeth Locks & Dam	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Primitive Hall is a brick house built in 1738 in rural Chester County, Pennsylvania, United States, by Joseph Pennock.	Primitive Hall	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oruj Kandi (Persian: اروج كندي‎, also Romanized as Orūj Kandī) is a village in Avajiq-e Jonubi Rural District, Dashtaki District, Chaldoran County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Oruj Kandi	Avajiq-e Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brigadier General Albert Pike is a public artwork in Washington, D.C. honoring Albert Pike, a poet, lawyer, soldier, and influential figure in the Scottish Rite of freemasonry.	Brigadier General Albert Pike	Washington, D.C.
located in the administrative territorial entity	Price County Airport (ICAO: KPBH, FAA LID: PBH) is a county-owned public airport a mile northwest of Phillips, in Price County, Wisconsin, United States.	Price County Airport	Phillips
located in the administrative territorial entity	Belazaima do Chão, Castanheira do Vouga e Agadão is a freguesia in Águeda Municipality, Aveiro District, Portugal.	Belazaima do Chão, Castanheira do Vouga e Agadão	Águeda Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Katharine State Nature Preserve is located in Jackson County, Ohio, United States, just northwest of and outside the city of Jackson.	Lake Katharine State Nature Preserve	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stony Brook Meeting House and Cemetery are historic Quaker sites located at the Stony Brook Settlement at the intersection of Princeton Pike/Mercer Road and Quaker Road in Princeton, New Jersey, United States.	Stony Brook Meeting House and Cemetery	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Golkesh (Persian: گلكش‎) is a village in Layl Rural District, in the Central District of Lahijan County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Golkesh	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lindstrom Field (full name Clyde & Glenn Lindstrom Field) is a sport stadium in Lindsborg, Kansas.	Lindstrom Field	Kansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Toledo School for the Arts is a public charter school in downtown Toledo, Ohio founded by director Martin Porter.	Toledo School for the Arts	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bissell Hills are a mountain range in the Mojave Desert, in southeastern Kern County, California.	Bissell Hills	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Three Oaks Senior High School is a Canadian secondary school located in Summerside, Prince Edward Island for students from the eastern part of Prince County, including the City of Summerside.	Three Oaks Senior High School	Prince Edward Island
located in the administrative territorial entity	Porth Dafarch is a sandy beach resort on the south coast of Ynys Môn (Isle of Anglesey), north Wales, close to Holyhead.	Porth Dafarch	Anglesey	Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mazraeh-ye Shurcheh (Persian: مزرعه شورچه‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Shūrcheh; also known as Shūrjeh) is a village in Hakimabad Rural District, in the Central District of Zarandieh County, Markazi Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 17, in 5 families.	Mazraeh-ye Shurcheh	Hakimabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Großer Hundstod is, at 2,593 metres, one of the main peaks in the Steinernes Meer in the Berchtesgaden Alps, and lies on the border between Bavaria and the Austrian state of Salzburg.	Großer Hundstod	Bavaria
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Blue John Cavern is one of the four show caves in Castleton, Derbyshire, England.	Blue John Cavern	Castleton
located in the administrative territorial entity	Archbishop Ryan High School (often called Archbishop Ryan or simply Ryan) is a Roman Catholic high school located in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, USA.	Archbishop Ryan High School	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hornby Island of British Columbia, Canada, is a Salish Sea island located near Vancouver Island's Comox Valley.	Hornby Island	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The DeForest Skinner House or Skinner Homestead, is a place on the National Register of Historic Places in Valparaiso, Indiana.	DeForest Skinner House	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cheshmeh Qaleh (Persian: چشمه قلعه‎, also Romanized as Cheshmeh Qal``eh) is a village in Satar Rural District, Kolyai District, Sonqor County, Kermanshah Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 37, in 11 families.	Cheshmeh Qaleh	Kermanshah Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qaranjik-e Khavjeh Khan (Persian: قرنجيك خواجه خان‎, also Romanized as Qaranjīk-e Khvājeh Khān; also known as Qaranjīk) is a village in Jafarbay-ye Sharqi Rural District, Gomishan District, Torkaman County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Qaranjik-e Khavjeh Khan	Golestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Old Deer Park is an area of open space within Richmond, in the London Borough of Richmond upon Thames, England.	Old Deer Park	London Borough of Richmond upon Thames
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bankshead is a hamlet in Shropshire, England, near Bishop's Castle and the England-Wales border.	Bankshead	Shropshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Pigford Building, also known as Pythian Castle Hall, is a three-story red brick building in downtown Meridian, Mississippi.	Pigford Building	Mississippi
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Pontiac Building is a historic high-rise building located at 542 S. Dearborn St. in the Printer's Row neighborhood of Chicago, Illinois.	Pontiac Building	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Atlanta Medical Center is a hospital in Atlanta, Georgia operated by Tenet Healthcare.	Atlanta Medical Center	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Holy Saviour School of Holy Saviour Roman Catholic Parish was an elementary school located on Virginia Avenue in the Westmont section of Haddon Township, Camden County, New Jersey, United States, from 1929 to 2008.	Holy Saviour School	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cary-Grove High School is a high school in Cary, Illinois, USA; it is part of Community High School District 155.	Cary-Grove High School	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Will Rogers Memorial Center (WRMC) is an 85-acre (0.34 km2) public entertainment, sports and livestock complex located in Fort Worth, Texas (USA).	Will Rogers Memorial Center	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hamilton Amateur Athletic Association Grounds (also known as the Hamilton AAA Grounds) is a park located on the north side of Charlton Avenue West, between Locke Street South and Queen Street South, in Hamilton, Ontario, Canada.	Hamilton Amateur Athletic Association Grounds	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Thalassery (IPA: (t̪laʃeɾi)) (formerly Tellicherry) is a commercial town on the Malabar Coast in Kannur district, in the state of Kerala, India, bordered by the districts of Mahé (Pondicherry), Kozhikode, Wayanad and Kodagu (Karnataka).	Thalassery	Kannur district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stannary Hills Dam is a dam in the Atherton Tablelands, 25 kilometres west of Atherton, Queensland, Australia.	Stannary Hills Dam	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Scum Lake Airport, (TC LID: CAW3), is located adjacent to Scum Lake in Chilcotin District, British Columbia, Canada.	Scum Lake Airport	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nangqên County, or Nangchen (Tibetan: ནང་ཆེན།, ZYPY: nang chen, Chinese: 囊谦县; pinyin: Nángqiān Xiàn), was formerly one of Kham region's five independent kingdoms and now administered by the CCP as a county of Yushu Tibetan Autonomous Prefecture in southernmost Qinghai province, China.	Nangqên County	Yushu Tibetan Autonomous Prefecture
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mount Carmel Congregational Church and Parish House is a historic church complex at 3280 and 3284 Whitney Avenue and 195 Sherman Avenue in Hamden, Connecticut.	Mount Carmel Congregational Church and Parish House	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dažnica (Serbian: Дажница) is a village in the municipality of Derventa, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Dažnica	Derventa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Towson Center is Towson University's 5,250-seat multi-purpose arena, in Towson, Maryland.	Towson Center	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mazańcowice (mazaɲt͡sɔˈvit͡sɛ) (German: Matzdorf) is a village in Gmina Jasienica, Bielsko County, Silesian Voivodeship, southern Poland.	Mazańcowice	Gmina Jasienica
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nojszew (ˈnɔi̯ʂɛf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korytnica, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Nojszew	Gmina Korytnica
located in the administrative territorial entity	McAllen Memorial High School is one of three high schools serving the McAllen, Texas area as a part of the McAllen Independent School District.	McAllen Memorial High School	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wright Memorial Library, more commonly known as the ``Wright Building,'' is an historic library at 147 St. George Street in Duxbury, Massachusetts.	Wright Memorial Library	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bohermore is located in the area of Galway, Ireland.	Bohermore	Galway
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gerdakaneh Sanjabi (Persian: گردکانه سنجابي‎, also Romanized as Gerdakāneh Sanjābī; also known as Gerdakāneh) is a village in Nurali Rural District, in the Central District of Delfan County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Gerdakaneh Sanjabi	Nurali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Klin-Gajówka (ˈklin ɡaˈjufka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szudziałowo, within Sokółka County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.	Klin-Gajówka	Gmina Szudziałowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Star Plaza Theatre (formerly known as Holiday Star Theatre) is a live music venue located in Merrillville, Indiana.	Star Plaza Theatre	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mangelab (Persian: منگلاب‎, also Romanized as Mangelāb) is a village in Bahnemir Rural District, Bahnemir District, Babolsar County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Mangelab	Bahnemir Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lloydminster Centennial Civic Centre is a 1,700 -seat multi-purpose arena on the Saskatchewan side of the city of Lloydminster, which straddles the border with Alberta.	Lloydminster Centennial Civic Centre	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Salam Rud (Persian: سلمرود‎, also Romanized as Salam Rūd and Salm Rūd) is a village in Kharturan Rural District, Beyarjomand District, Shahrud County, Semnan Province, Iran.	Salam Rud	Kharturan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mazraeh-ye Khalaf (Persian: مزرعه خلف‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Khalaf) is a village in Meshgin-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Meshgin Shahr County, Ardabil Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,144, in 268 families.	Mazraeh-ye Khalaf	Ardabil Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The McDonough Museum of Art is a center for contemporary art located in Youngstown, Ohio, USA, on the campus of Youngstown State University (YSU).	McDonough Museum of Art	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tompkinsville-Monroe County Airport (ICAO: KTZV, FAA LID: TZV) is a public use airport located two nautical miles (4 km) northeast of the central business district of Tompkinsville, a city in Monroe County, Kentucky, United States.	Tompkinsville-Monroe County Airport	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Kaiser Engineering Building, also called the Raymond Kaiser Engineering Building, is a high-rise located in downtown Oakland, California.	Kaiser Engineering Building	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stuchowo (stuˈxɔvɔ) (German Stuchow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świerzno, within Kamień County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Stuchowo	Gmina Świerzno
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vannsätter is a locality situated in Söderhamn Municipality, Gävleborg County, Sweden with 434 inhabitants in 2010.	Vannsätter	Söderhamn Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ulva (Scottish Gaelic: Ulbha, pronounced (ˈulˠ̪u.ə)) is an island in the Inner Hebrides of Scotland, off the west coast of Mull.	Ulva	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Montgomery Covered Bridge, also known as the Lower Covered Bridge is a wooden covered bridge that crosses the North Branch of the Lamoille River in Waterville, Vermont on Montgomery Road.	Montgomery Covered Bridge	Waterville, Vermont
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ufton Nervet is a village and civil parish in West Berkshire, England centred 6 miles (10 km) west south-west of the large town of Reading.	Ufton Nervet	Berkshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Allan Shivers Library and Museum is located at 302 N. Charlton, in the city of Woodville, in the county of Tyler, in the U.S. state of Texas.	Allan Shivers Library and Museum	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kash-e Takht (Persian: كش تخت‎; also known as Kash) is a village in Sardasht Rural District, in the Central District of Bashagard County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Kash-e Takht	Sardasht Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Navasota River is a river in east Texas, USA.	Navasota River	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Korpacz (ˈkɔrpat͡ʂ) (Ukrainian: Корпачі, Korpachi) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk Podlaski, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Korpacz	Gmina Bielsk Podlaski
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Eisenhower Medical Center (EMC) is a not-for-profit hospital based in Rancho Mirage, California.	Eisenhower Medical Center	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cherokee Seaplane Base (FAA LID: 4O6) is a privately owned, public use seaplane base on Grand Lake o' the Cherokees in Delaware County, Oklahoma.	Cherokee Seaplane Base	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lipszczany (lipʂˈt͡ʂanɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipsk, within Augustów County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.	Lipszczany	Gmina Lipsk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Łętków (ˈwɛntkuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Góra Świętej Małgorzaty, within Łęczyca County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Łętków	Gmina Góra Świętej Małgorzaty
located in the administrative territorial entity	Worth's Block (also known as the Gator Club) is a historic site in Sarasota, Florida.	Worth's Block	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Front Range Airport (ICAO: KFTG, FAA LID: FTG) is a public airport located on the northeastern edge of Aurora, Colorado, three miles (5 km) southeast of Denver International Airport.	Front Range Airport	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	KCVI (101.5 FM, ``K-Bear'') is a commercial radio station in Blackfoot, Idaho, broadcasting to the Idaho Falls-Pocatello, Idaho area.	KCVI	Idaho
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jandaíra is the easternmost city in the Brazilian state of Bahia.	Jandaíra	Bahia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Camp Patrick Henry is a decommissioned United States Army base which was located in Warwick County, Virginia.	Camp Patrick Henry	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Valda (German: Wald im Fasstal) is a comune (municipality) in Trentino in the northern Italian region Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol, located about 20 kilometres (12 mi) northeast of Trento.	Valda	Trentino
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Midtown Woodward Historic District is a historic district located along Woodward Avenue in Detroit, Michigan.	Midtown Woodward Historic District	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Galand Rud (Persian: گلندرود‎, also Romanized as Galand Rūd; also known as Galanrūd) is a village in Mian Band Rural District, in the Central District of Nur County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Galand Rud	Mian Band Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Laem Thong (เทศบาลตำบลแหลมทอง) is a subdistrict municipality (Thesaban Tambon) in Nong Bun Mak District, Nakhon Ratchasima Province, Thailand.	Laem Thong	Nong Bun Mak
located in the administrative territorial entity	Changhai County (simplified Chinese: 长海县; traditional Chinese: 長海縣; pinyin: Chánghǎi Xiàn; literally: ``long sea'') is under the administration of Dalian, Liaoning province, People's Republic of China.	Changhai County	Dalian
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grandview Apostolic Church was a historic church building in Brown County, Indiana, United States.	Grandview Apostolic Church	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aginsky District (Russian: Агинский райо́н) is an administrative district (raion) Agin-Buryat Okrug of Zabaykalsky Krai, Russia, one of the thirty-one in the krai.	Aginsky District	Zabaykalsky Krai
located in the administrative territorial entity	KULL is an FM classic hits radio station located in and serving the area around Abilene, Texas.	KULL	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jadval-e Torki (Persian: جدول تركي‎, also Romanized as Jadval-e Torkī and Jadval Torkī; also known as Joturki and Jūtorkī) is a village in Jereh Rural District, Jereh and Baladeh District, Kazerun County, Fars Province, Iran.	Jadval-e Torki	Jereh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Urvansky District (Russian: Урва́нский райо́н; Kabardian: Аруан къедзыгъуэ; Karachay-Balkar: Урван район) is an administrative and a municipal district (raion), one of the ten in the Kabardino-Balkar Republic, Russia.	Urvansky District	Kabardino-Balkar Republic
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vediq (Persian: وديق‎, also Romanized as Vedīq) is a village in Dizmar-e Gharbi Rural District, Siah Rud District, Jolfa County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Vediq	Dizmar-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gwieździn (ˈɡvjɛʑd͡ʑin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rzeczenica, within Człuchów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Gwieździn	Gmina Rzeczenica
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brookholt was a Gilded Age mansion on Front Street in East Meadow, Long Island, New York.	Brookholt	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kinshasa (/kɪnˈʃɑːsə/; formerly Leopoldville (French: Léopoldville or Dutch Leopoldstad )) is the capital and the largest city of the Democratic Republic of the Congo.	Kinshasa	Democratic Republic of the Congo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Naval Training Center Orlando is a former United States Navy training installation located in Orlando, Florida.	Naval Training Center Orlando	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gongyi (Chinese: 巩义市; pinyin: Gǒngyì Shì), formerly Gong County (Chinese: 巩县; pinyin: Gǒngxiàn), is a county-level city belonging to the city of Zhengzhou in Henan province, China.	Gongyi	Zhengzhou
located in the administrative territorial entity	Panna district is a district of the Sagar Division, within the Madhya Pradesh state in central India.	Panna district	Madhya Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sarut (Persian: سروت‎, also Romanized as Sarūt) is a village in Sarduiyeh Rural District, Sarduiyeh District, Jiroft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Sarut	Sarduiyeh District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Stouts Mill Bridge is a historic camel-back through truss bridge that brings Duskcamp Rd. over Little Kanawha River in Stouts Mill, Gilmer County, West Virginia.	Stouts Mill Bridge	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tworkowizna Rowska (tfɔrkɔˈvizna ˈrɔfska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wróblew, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Tworkowizna Rowska	Gmina Wróblew
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dörtyol is located 26 km north of the city of Iskenderun in the province of Hatay in southeastern Turkey.	Dörtyol	Hatay
located in the administrative territorial entity	The LeSports Center (simplified Chinese: 乐视体育生态中心; traditional Chinese: 樂視體育生態中心), originally Beijing Wukesong Culture & Sports Center (simplified Chinese: 五棵松体育馆; traditional Chinese: 五棵松體育館), is an indoor arena for the 2008 Summer Olympics basketball preliminaries and finals.	LeSports Center	Beijing
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fife ((ˈfəif); Scottish Gaelic: Fìobha) is a council area and historic county of Scotland.	Fife	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cliff mine was the first successful copper mine in the Copper Country of the state of Michigan in the United States.	Cliff mine	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Val Colla is a valley and a quarter of the city of Lugano in the Swiss canton of Ticino, to the north-east of the city of Lugano.	Val Colla	Ticino
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aqaj (Persian: اقاج‎, also Romanized as Āqāj; also known as Āgāch and Āqāch) is a village in Pish Khowr Rural District, Pish Khowr District, Famenin County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Aqaj	Pish Khowr Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Münstermaifeld (German pronunciation: (ˌmʏnstɐˈmaɪfɛlt)) is a town in the district Mayen-Koblenz, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.	Münstermaifeld	Mayen-Koblenz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Le Haut-Saint-Maurice Regional County Municipality was a former regional county municipality and census division in the Mauricie region of Quebec, Canada.	Le Haut-Saint-Maurice Regional County Municipality	Mauricie
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Stone Building, built in 1833, is an historic Greek Revival style building located at 735 Massachusetts Avenue in Lexington, Massachusetts.	Stone Building	Lexington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Gardner Seaplane Base (FAA LID: 6MA0) is a privately owned water aerodrome located 1 mile northwest of Amesbury, Massachusetts, United States.	Lake Gardner Seaplane Base	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Strada Sforii (Romanian pronunciation: (ˈstrada ˈsforij), meaning ``String Street'', German: Fadengasse) is the narrowest street in the city of Brașov, Romania.	Strada Sforii	Brașov
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gorenji Log (pronounced (ɡɔˈɾeːnji ˈloːk)) is a small settlement on the left bank of the Soča River southwest of Most na Soči in the Municipality of Tolmin in the Littoral region of Slovenia.	Gorenji Log	Tolmin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wanneroo is a suburb of Perth, Western Australia, located within the City of Wanneroo.	Wanneroo	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Balgeh Shir (Persian: بلگه شير‎, also Romanized as Balgeh Shīr; also known as Balgashīr, Balgekh-Shir, Balkeh Shīr, and Bilkehshīr) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Khodabandeh County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Balgeh Shir	Howmeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Banjawarn Station is a remote cattle station that previously operated as a sheep station in Western Australia.	Banjawarn Station	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cangyanshan (simplified Chinese: 苍岩山; traditional Chinese: 蒼岩山; pinyin: Cāngyánshān), named after Mount Cangyan which rises to its south, is a town of Jingxing County in the Taihang Mountains of southwestern Hebei province, China, located 21 kilometres (13 mi) south of the county seat.	Cangyanshan	Jingxing County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aghyazi (Persian: آغ يازي‎, also Romanized as Āghyāzī; also known as Āqyāzī) is a village in Korani Rural District, Korani District, Bijar County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Aghyazi	Korani Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mheer (Limburgish: Maer) is a village in the Dutch province of Limburg.	Mheer	Limburg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Skylark Field (IATA: ILE, ICAO: KILE, FAA LID: ILE) is a city owned, public use airport located three nautical miles (6 km) east of the central business district of Killeen, a city in Bell County, Texas, United States.	Skylark Field	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Anime Festival Wichita (Anime Festival of Wichita or AFW) is an annual three-day anime convention held in June or July at the Hyatt Regency Wichita in Wichita, Kansas.	Anime Festival Wichita	Kansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gierczyn (ˈɡʲɛrt͡ʂɨn) (German: Giehren) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mirsk, within Lwówek Śląski County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland, close to the Czech border.	Gierczyn	Gmina Mirsk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wuxing District (Chinese: 吴兴区; pinyin: Wúxīng Qū) is the central district of the prefecture-level city of Huzhou, Zhejiang, China.	Wuxing District	Huzhou
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Louis Penfield House is a house built by Frank Lloyd Wright, located in Willoughby Hills, Ohio.	Louis Penfield House	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Euclid Avenue-Montrose Street Historic District encompasses a well-preserved cluster of Colonial Revival triple decker housing units occupying a dramatic hillside location on Euclid Avenue and Montrose Street in Worcester, Massachusetts.	Euclid Avenue-Montrose Street Historic District	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Southport Airport (IATA: SHQ, ICAO: YSPT) is an airport located 3.5 nautical miles (6.5 km; 4.0 mi) northwest of Southport, in Coombahah, Queensland, Australia.	Southport Airport	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Thotapally is a developed village in Bejjanki Mandal in Karimnagar district of Telangana, India.	Thotapally	Telangana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bushy Run Battlefield Park is a historical park that is operated by the Pennsylvania Historical and Museum Commission and the Bushy Run Battlefield Heritage Society on 218 acres (0.88 km2) in Penn Township, Westmoreland County, Pennsylvania in the United States.	Bushy Run Battlefield	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Arts Educational Schools, London, commonly known as ArtsEd is an independent performing arts school based in Chiswick in the London Borough of Hounslow.	Arts Educational Schools, London	London Borough of Hounslow
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Business Academy Bexley is a school for ages 3--19 in South Thamesmead, the London Borough of Bexley, England, operating under the Academy programme for schools which are independently run but receive public funding.	Business Academy Bexley	London Borough of Bexley
located in the administrative territorial entity	Thirtynine Mile Mountain, elevation 11,553 ft (3,521 m), is a summit in the Front Range of the Pike National Forest in central Colorado.	Thirtynine Mile Mountain	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chahar Ab (Persian: چهاراب‎, also Romanized as Chahār Āb) is a village in Kashkan Rural District, Shahivand District, Dowreh County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Chahar Ab	Kashkan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Communauté de communes des Deux Sources (fr: the community of communes of the Two Sources) is a French inter-commune structure, located in the department of the Pas-de-Calais and the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region.	Communauté de communes des Deux Sources	Pas-de-Calais
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Show Place Arena is a 5,800-seat multi-purpose arena in Upper Marlboro, Maryland, which is used for sporting events, concerts, boxing and professional wrestling events, consumer shows, trade shows, religious services, graduations and other events.	The Show Place Arena	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mato Grosso (Portuguese pronunciation: (ˈmatu ˈɡɾosu) -- lit. ``Thick Bushes'') is one of the states of Brazil, the third largest by area, located in the western part of the country.	Mato Grosso	Brazil
located in the administrative territorial entity	Góra Świętej Anny (Polish pronunciation: (ˈɡura ˈɕfʲɛntɛj ˈannɨ); German: Sankt Annaberg; Silesian German: Anaberg/Świynto Anna; both names mean Saint Anne Mountain) is a village in the Opole Voivodeship, Strzelce County, and Gmina Leśnica of Poland.	Góra Świętej Anny	Gmina Leśnica
located in the administrative territorial entity	St Anthony-in-Meneage (Cornish: Lannentenin) is a coastal civil parish and village in Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.	St Anthony-in-Meneage	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rubers Law is a prominent, conical hill in the Scottish Borders area of south-east Scotland.	Rubers Law	Scottish Borders
located in the administrative territorial entity	Błażejów (bwaˈʐɛjuf) (German: Taunengrund) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubawka, within Kamienna Góra County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Błażejów	Gmina Lubawka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wyganki (vɨˈɡanki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Blizanów, within Kalisz County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Wyganki	Gmina Blizanów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Erskine (/ˈɜːrskᵻn/) is a town in the council area of Renfrewshire, and historic county of the same name, situated in the West Central Lowlands of Scotland.	Erskine	Renfrewshire	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ansford is a village and parish in Somerset, England, situated on the northern edge of Castle Cary in the South Somerset district.	Ansford	Somerset
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Tucson Museum of Art and Historic Block (TMA) is an art museum and art education institution in Southern Arizona.	Tucson Museum of Art	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Legacy Good Samaritan Medical Center, commonly known informally as Good Samaritan Hospital or Good Sam, is a 539-bed teaching hospital located in northwest Portland, Oregon, United States.	Legacy Good Samaritan Medical Center	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Baveno is a town and comune in the province of Verbano-Cusio-Ossola, part of Piedmont, northern Italy.	Baveno	Verbano-Cusio-Ossola
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dajdad-e Khoda (Persian: دج دادخدا‎, also Romanized as Dajdād-e Khodā) is a village in Pir Sohrab Rural District, in the Central District of Chabahar County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Dajdad-e Khoda	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Owings Mills Mall was a large shopping mall that once hosted 155 stores and eateries, in the Baltimore County, Maryland, community of Owings Mills that is owned and managed by General Growth Properties.	Owings Mills Mall	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Monument Mills are historic textile mills in the Housatonic village of Great Barrington, Massachusetts.	Monument Mills	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chafal (Persian: چفل‎, also Romanized as Chofel; also known as Chepul, Chofīl, Pol-e Shomrūd, and Shamrūd) is a village in Baz Kia Gurab Rural District, in the Central District of Lahijan County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Chafal	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tczewskie Łąki (ˈtt͡ʂɛfskʲɛ ˈwɔnki) (German: Dirschauerwiesen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tczew, within Tczew County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Tczewskie Łąki	Gmina Tczew
located in the administrative territorial entity	John Story Jenks School is a public K-8 school in the Chestnut Hill section of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, United States, and is part of the School District of Philadelphia.	John Story Jenks School	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chitipa District is the northernmost district in the Northern Region of Malawi.	Chitipa District	Northern Region
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tatar Bayjeq (Persian: تاتاربايجق‎, also Romanized as Tātār Bāyjeq; also known as Bāyjeq) is a village in Nezamabad Rural District, in the Central District of Azadshahr County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Tatar Bayjeq	Nezamabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The University of Alcalá (Spanish: Universidad de Alcalá) is a public university located in Alcalá de Henares, a city 35 km (22 miles) northeast of Madrid in Spain and also the third-largest city of the region.	University of Alcalá	Alcalá de Henares
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tarnawskie (tarˈnafskʲɛ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Wielkie Oczy, within Lubaczów County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine.	Tarnawskie	Gmina Wielkie Oczy
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ray Twinney Complex, formerly known as the Newmarket Recreational Complex, is a multi-purpose recreational facility in the southwest portion of Newmarket, Ontario, built in 1985.	Ray Twinney Complex	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cotton Mountain Community Church, also known as the Wolfeborough, Brookfield and Wakefield Meetinghouse, is a historic church on Stoneham Road in Wolfeboro, New Hampshire, near the town line with Brookfield.	Cotton Mountain Community Church	New Hampshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nowris (Persian: نوريس‎, also Romanized as Nowrīs) is a village in Negur Rural District, Dashtiari District, Chabahar County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Nowris	Negur Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Marietta Earthworks is an archaeological site located at the confluence of the Muskingum and Ohio Rivers in Washington County, Ohio, United States.	Marietta Earthworks	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Malvín Norte is a barrio (neighbourhood or district) located in north eastern part of Montevideo, Uruguay.	Malvín Norte	Montevideo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tockwith is a village and civil parish in the Harrogate district of North Yorkshire, England, near the town of Wetherby and the city of York.	Tockwith	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sidneys Knob is unique in that is an atypical mountain for Pennsylvania.	Sidneys Knob	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Seaboard Coast Line Railroad station (also referred to as the ``Historic Seaboard Train Station'') is a former freight railway station in St. Petersburg, Florida, which has been designated by the city of St. Petersburg as a local landmark.	Seaboard Coast Line Railroad station	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lavar-e Gardu (Persian: لاورگردو‎, also Romanized as Lāvar-e Gardū; also known as Lāvar) is a village in Tarom Rural District, in the Central District of Hajjiabad County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Lavar-e Gardu	Tarom Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zhen'an County (simplified Chinese: 镇安县; traditional Chinese: 鎮安縣; pinyin: Zhèn'ān Xiàn) is a county of Shangluo, Shaanxi, China, has an area of 3,487 square kilometers and a population of 283,312 as of 2004.	Zhen'an County	Shangluo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tomslake is an unincorporated settlement in British Columbia.	Tomslake	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	WCDY (107.9 FM) is a radio station licensed to McBain, Michigan and serving the Cadillac area, broadcasting an Adult Top 40 format.	WCDY	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Develi is a town and district in Kayseri Province in Central Anatolia Region, Turkey.	Develi	Kayseri Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nauvoo Historic District is a historic district containing the city of Nauvoo, Illinois.	Nauvoo Historic District	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	The North 23rd Street Bridge in Tacoma, Washington, United States, was built in 1909.	North 23rd Street Bridge	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Copake United Methodist Church and Copake Cemetery is a historic United Methodist church on Church Street in Copake, Columbia County, New York.	Copake United Methodist Church and Copake Cemetery	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Chelsea Recreation Center is a community center and athletic facility operated by the New York City Department of Parks and Recreation in Chelsea, Manhattan.	Chelsea Recreation Center	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kachurwahi is a Gram panchayat village in Ramtek Tehsil in Nagpur district, India.	Kachurwahi	Nagpur district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chah-e Mazagi (Persian: چاه مازگي‎, also Romanized as Chāh-e Māzagī and Chāhmāzagī) is a village in Sorkh Qaleh Rural District, in the Central District of Qaleh Ganj County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Chah-e Mazagi	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Candelaria Caves are a large natural cave system in the highland-lowland transition of Alta Verapaz in Guatemala between the municipalities of Chisec and Raxruha.	Candelaria Caves	Raxruha
located in the administrative territorial entity	Březová nad Svitavou (German: Brüsau) is a small town in Svitavy District in the Czech Republic.	Březová nad Svitavou	Svitavy District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Golakowa Szyja (ɡɔlaˈkɔva ˈʂɨja) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Hajnówka, within Hajnówka County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.	Golakowa Szyja	Gmina Hajnówka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lakeview Shock Incarceration Correctional Facility is a minimum security prison in New York in the USA.	Lakeview Shock Incarceration Correctional Facility	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Perth Airport (IATA: PER, ICAO: YPPH) is a domestic and international airport serving Perth, the capital and largest city of Western Australia.	Perth Airport	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barchah (Persian: بارچاه‎, also Romanized as Bārchāh; also known as Bardghūn) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Bandar Lengeh County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Barchah	Howmeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Liarden (Persian: لياردن‎, also Romanized as Līārden) is a village in Sajjadrud Rural District, Bandpey-ye Sharqi District, Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Liarden	Sajjadrud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Boulogne-Billancourt is a subprefecture of the Hauts-de-Seine department and the seat of the Arrondissement of Boulogne-Billancourt.	Boulogne-Billancourt	Hauts-de-Seine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Red Rock Coulee is located in south-eastern Alberta, Canada.	Red Rock Coulee	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gardzko (ˈɡart͡skɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzelce Krajeńskie, within Strzelce-Drezdenko County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.	Gardzko	Gmina Strzelce Krajeńskie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Finchingfield is a village in the Braintree district in north-west Essex, England, a primarily rural area.	Finchingfield	Essex
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brooklyn School of Inquiry (PS/IS 686), often referred to as BSI, is a New York City, New York public school, located at 50 Avenue P in the Bensonhurst neighborhood of Brooklyn.	Brooklyn School of Inquiry	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Thurber House is a literary center for readers and writers located in Columbus, Ohio, in the historic former home of author, humorist, and New Yorker cartoonist James Thurber.	Thurber House	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Burton Pidsea is a village and civil parish in the Holderness area of the East Riding of Yorkshire, England.	Burton Pidsea	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tolyatti (Russian: Толья́тти; IPA: (tɐˈlʲjætʲɪ)), also known in English as Togliatti, is a city in Samara Oblast, Russia.	Tolyatti	Samara Oblast
located in the administrative territorial entity	Penco (Mapudungun: ``Peumo water'') is a Chilean city and commune in Concepción Province, Bío Bío Region on the Bay of Concepción.	Penco	Concepción Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Musée des Lettres et Manuscrits is a museum of letters and manuscripts located at 222 Boulevard Saint-Germain in the 7th arrondissement of Paris, France.	Musée des Lettres et Manuscrits	Paris
located in the administrative territorial entity	Skelbo Castle is a ruined 14th century keep, located on the high shore at the mouth of Loch Fleet in the Highlands in Scotland.	Skelbo Castle	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Molla Kuh (Persian: ملاكوه‎, also Romanized as Mollā Kūh) is a village in Rud Pish Rural District, in the Central District of Fuman County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Molla Kuh	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Behman Jassa Singh is a village in the northern Indian state of Punjab.	Behman Jassa Singh	Punjab
located in the administrative territorial entity	Olimp-2 (Russian: ``Олимп-2'') is a football stadium in Rostov-on-Don, Russia.	Olimp-2	Rostov-on-Don
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rivers State, also known simply as Rivers, is one of the 36 states of Nigeria.	Rivers State	Nigeria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Spinningdale (Scottish Gaelic: Spainnigeadal), possibly from the Norse ``'Spinne-Dalr''' for 'round valley', is a hamlet on the north shore of Dornoch Firth in eastern Sutherland, Scottish Highlands and 5 miles north-east from Bonar Bridge and is in the Scottish council area of Highland.	Spinningdale	Highland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deh-e Now-ye Ali Shahri (Persian: دهنوعلي شهري‎, also Romanized as Deh-e Now-ye ``Alī Shahrī) is a village in Horjand Rural District, Kuhsaran District, Ravar County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 62, in 17 families.	Deh-e Now-ye Ali Shahri	Kuhsaran District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jal-e Chala Sar (Persian: جل چلاسر‎, also Romanized as Jal-e Chalā Sar) is a village in Goli Jan Rural District, in the Central District of Tonekabon County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Jal-e Chala Sar	Goli Jan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Guranabad-e Pashai (Persian: گوران ابادپاشائي‎, also Romanized as Gūrānābād-e Pāshā'ī) is a village in Solduz Rural District, in the Central District of Naqadeh County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Guranabad-e Pashai	Solduz Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sarauti is the district headquarters of the Arwal district in the Indian state of Bihar.	Sarauti	Bihar
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ralewice (ralɛˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zadzim, within Poddębice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Ralewice	Gmina Zadzim
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kalik Sar (Persian: كليك سر‎, also Romanized as Kalīk Sar) is a village in Dabuy-ye Jonubi Rural District, Dabudasht District, Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Kalik Sar	Dabuy-ye Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Witaszewice (vitaʂɛˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Góra Świętej Małgorzaty, within Łęczyca County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Witaszewice	Gmina Góra Świętej Małgorzaty
located in the administrative territorial entity	WJTO (730 AM) is an adult standards/oldies station licensed to Bath, Maine.	WJTO	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kątne (ˈkɔntnɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nasielsk, within Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Kątne	Gmina Nasielsk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Castallack is a hamlet near Lamorna in west Cornwall, England, UK.	Castallack	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Checkpoint Charlie Museum (German: Haus am Checkpoint Charlie or Mauermuseum) is a museum in Berlin.	Checkpoint Charlie Museum	Berlin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Clermont County Airport (FAA LID: I69) is a public use airport located two nautical miles (4 km) west of the central business district of Batavia, a village in Clermont County, Ohio, United States.	Clermont County Airport	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Naicatchewenin First Nation, also known as the Anishinaabeg of Nagaajiwanaang and formerly known as Northwest Bay First Nation, inhabited a region in Ontario that was cited in the Northwest Angle Treaty of 1873, also known as Treaty 3.	Naicatchewenin First Nation	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	The House at 22 Parker Road is one of a few high style Colonial Revival houses in Wakefield, Massachusetts.	House at 22 Parker Road	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	WSWW-FM is a full service formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Craigsville, West Virginia, serving the Summersville/Webster Springs/Richwood area.	WSWW-FM	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Whitney Tavern Stand served as an inn and local gathering place in Cascade Township, Michigan for fifty years after its construction in the 1852-53 period.	Whitney Tavern Stand	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Grasse River or Grass River (per 1905 decision of the U.S. Board on Geographic Names) is a 73-mile-long (117 km) river in northern New York, in the United States.	Grasse River	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Kellogg School of Management (The Kellogg School or Kellogg) is the business school of Northwestern University in Evanston, Illinois, with additional campuses in downtown Chicago, Illinois and Miami, Florida.	Kellogg School of Management	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shahdali Edris (Persian: شهدالي ادريس‎, also Romanized as Shahdālī Edrīs; also known as Shahdālī and Shahdālī-ye Vosţá) is a village in Chin Rural District, Ludab District, Boyer-Ahmad County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Shahdali Edris	Chin Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Laurel Valley Golf Club is a golf club located just south of the Pittsburgh suburb of Ligonier, Pennsylvania.	Laurel Valley Golf Club	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dr. J.C. McClenathan House and Office, also known as the Medical Center Building, is a historic home and doctor's office located at Connellsville, Fayette County, Pennsylvania.	Dr. J.C. McClenathan House and Office	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kuczki-Wieś (ˈkut͡ʂki ˈvjɛɕ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gózd, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Kuczki-Wieś	Gmina Gózd
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vredepeel is a village in the Dutch province of Limburg, in the municipality of Venray.	Vredepeel	Venray
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bennelong Point is the location of the Sydney Opera House in Sydney, New South Wales.	Bennelong Point	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shib Ab District (Persian: بخش شیب‌آب‎) is a district (bakhsh) in Zabol County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Shib Ab District	Zabol County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Liberty Lunch was a live-music venue at 405 W. 2nd Street in Austin, Texas.	Liberty Lunch	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dole pri Krašcah (pronounced (ˈdoːlɛ pɾi ˈkɾaːʃtsax)) is a settlement to the west of Moravče in central Slovenia.	Dole pri Krašcah	Moravče
located in the administrative territorial entity	In February 2013, the US Board of Geographic Names approved the university, supported proposal to officially name the prominent ridge, on which the University of Alaska Fairbanks is currently located as Troth Yeddha'.	Troth Yeddha'	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lankaran (Azerbaijani: Lənkəran) is a city in Azerbaijan, on the coast of the Caspian Sea, near the southern border with Iran.	Lankaran	Azerbaijan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Poshteh-ye Gurband (Persian: پشته گوربند‎, also Romanized as Poshteh-ye Gūrband) is a village in Gurband Rural District, in the Central District of Minab County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Poshteh-ye Gurband	Gurband Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pulham St Mary is a village in Norfolk, approximately 7 miles (11 km) east of Diss and 18 miles (29 km) south of Norwich.	Pulham St Mary	Norfolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Drumgoole Plaza is a public park that sits in the shadow of the Brooklyn Bridge in Manhattan, New York City, on Frankfort Street between Park Row and Gold Street, and next to the main building of Pace University at One Pace Plaza.	Drumgoole Plaza	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Glenboig (Scottish Gaelic: An Gleann Bhog) is a village in North Lanarkshire, Scotland lying north of Coatbridge and to the south east of Kirkintilloch.	Glenboig	North Lanarkshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Xinying District (Chinese: 新營區; Hanyu Pinyin: Xīnyíng Qū; Tongyong Pinyin: Sinyíng Cyu; Wade--Giles: Hsin1-ying2 ch'ü1) or Sinying District is a district and the location of second administration center of the city government of Tainan City in Taiwan.	Xinying District	Tainan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kosivska Poliana (Ukrainian: Косівська Поляна) is a village in the Rakhiv Raion (district) of Zakarpattia Oblast (province) of western Ukraine, located at 47°57′13``N 024°03′42''E.	Kosivska Poliana	Rakhiv Raion
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ateneo Art Gallery is a museum of modern art of the Ateneo de Manila University.	Ateneo Art Gallery	Ateneo de Manila University
located in the administrative territorial entity	Enfield High School is a secondary school established in 1893 in Enfield, Connecticut.	Enfield High School	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Downies is a cliff-top village in Aberdeenshire, Scotland situated on Cammachmore Bay.	Downies	Aberdeenshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The American Thread Building is a historic building located at 260 West Broadway on the corner of Beach Street in the TriBeCa neighborhood of lower Manhattan, New York City.	American Thread Building	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kęsy-Wypychy (ˈkɛ̃sɨ vɨˈpɨxɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gzy, within Pułtusk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Kęsy-Wypychy	Gmina Gzy
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kobylaki-Korysze (kɔbɨˈlaki kɔˈrɨʂɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jednorożec, within Przasnysz County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Kobylaki-Korysze	Gmina Jednorożec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Redeemer University College is an undergraduate Christian liberal arts and science university located in Ancaster, Ontario, Canada.	Redeemer University College	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sądkowo (sɔntˈkɔvɔ) (German: Schragenhof) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Myślibórz, within Myślibórz County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Sądkowo	Gmina Myślibórz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bossòst (Occitan pronunciation: (buˈsɔst)) is a small Pyrenean village and municipality located in the Aran Valley, province of Lleida, Northern Spain.	Bossòst	Aran
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mecklenburg Correctional Center was a medium security prison operated by the Virginia Department of Corrections in unincorporated Mecklenburg County, Virginia, United States, near Boydton.	Mecklenburg Correctional Center	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Estadio Coliseum Alfonso Pérez (esˈtaðjo koliˈsewum alˈfonso ˈpeɾeθ) is a football stadium in Getafe, Spain.	Coliseum Alfonso Pérez	Getafe
located in the administrative territorial entity	Anastasia Island is a barrier island located off the northeast Atlantic coast of Florida in the United States.	Anastasia Island	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Krzętle (ˈkʂɛntlɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osjaków, within Wieluń County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Krzętle	Gmina Osjaków
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lago Cochrane National Reserve, also known as Tamango National Reserve, is a nature reserve located 6 km (4 mi) northeast of the town of Cochrane, in Aysén del General Carlos Ibáñez del Campo Region, Chile.	Lago Cochrane National Reserve	Chile
located in the administrative territorial entity	The New Amsterdam Theatre is a Broadway theatre located at 214 West 42nd Street between Seventh and Eighth Avenues in the Theater District of Manhattan, New York City, off of Times Square.	New Amsterdam Theatre	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nowy Cydzyn (ˈnɔvɨ ˈt͡sɨd͡zɨn) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piątnica, within Łomża County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Nowy Cydzyn	Gmina Piątnica
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bliskowice (blʲiskɔˈvʲit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Annopol, within Kraśnik County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Bliskowice	Gmina Annopol
located in the administrative territorial entity	Achtrup (Danish: Agtrup; North Frisian: Åktoorp) is a municipality in Nordfriesland district, in Schleswig-Holstein in northern Germany.	Achtrup	Nordfriesland
located in the administrative territorial entity	South Coast Plaza is an upscale-luxury goods shopping center in Costa Mesa, California in Orange County.	South Coast Plaza	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sea Girt Light is a lighthouse marking the inlet leading to the Wreck Pond in Sea Girt in Monmouth County, New Jersey, United States.	Sea Girt Light	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Borzymówka (bɔʐɨˈmufka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowa Sucha, within Sochaczew County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Borzymówka	Gmina Nowa Sucha
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brusimpiano is a comune (municipality) on Lake Lugano in the Province of Varese in the Italian region Lombardy, located about 60 kilometres (37 mi) northwest of Milan and about 15 kilometres (9 mi) north of Varese, on the border with Switzerland.	Brusimpiano	Province of Varese
located in the administrative territorial entity	Back Allegheny Mountain is a long mountain ridge in eastern West Virginia.	Back Allegheny Mountain	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shahrak-e Elahiyeh (Persian: شهرك الهيه‎, also Romanized as Shahrak-e Elāhīyeh; also known as Elāhīyeh) is a village in Chahardangeh Rural District, Chaharbagh District, Savojbolagh County, Alborz Province, Iran.	Shahrak-e Elahiyeh	Chahardangeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rig-e Muri (Persian: ريگموري‎, also Romanized as Rīg-e Mūrī) is a village in Qorqori Rural District, Qorqori District, Hirmand County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Rig-e Muri	Sistan and Baluchestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Wilhelm, or Enduwa Kombuglu, at 4,509 metres (14,793 ft) is the highest mountain in Papua New Guinea.	Mount Wilhelm	Papua New Guinea
located in the administrative territorial entity	YMCA Camp Manitou-Lin is located in Middleville, Michigan, USA, approximately 30 miles south of Grand Rapids.	Camp Manitou-Lin	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	W281AB (104.1 The Beat) is an FM translator station licensed to Mountain Brook, Alabama.	W281AB	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stębark (ˈstɛmbark) (German: Tannenberg) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grunwald, within Ostróda County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Stębark	Gmina Grunwald
located in the administrative territorial entity	Leninogorsky District (Russian: Лениного́рский райо́н; Tatar: Лениногорск районы) is an administrative and municipal district (raion), one of the forty-three in the Republic of Tatarstan, Russia.	Leninogorsky District	Republic of Tatarstan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barkly Homestead is a remote homestead situated on the Barkly Tablelands, it is located between the Queensland Border Town of Camooweal and the Northern Territory town of Tennant Creek.	Barkly Homestead	Northern Territory
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sarab-e Pirdusti (Persian: سراب پيردوستي‎, also Romanized as Sarāb-e Pīrdūstī) is a village in Itivand-e Shomali Rural District, Kakavand District, Delfan County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Sarab-e Pirdusti	Itivand-e Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sosto (2,220.6 m) is a mountain of the Swiss Lepontine Alps, overlooking Olivone in the canton of Ticino.	Sosto	Ticino
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ocland (Hungarian: Oklánd, Hungarian pronunciation: (ˈoklaːnd)) is a commune in Harghita County, Romania.	Ocland	Harghita County
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Northwestern Mutual Tower and Commons is a 550 foot, 32 story skyscraper currently under construction in Milwaukee, Wisconsin.	Northwestern Mutual Tower and Commons	Milwaukee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ajan Shir Melli (Persian: اجن شيرملي‎, also Romanized as Ajan Shīr Mellī and Ājan Shīr Melī) is a village in Qaravolan Rural District, Loveh District, Galikash County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Ajan Shir Melli	Golestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Połom Mały (ˈpɔwɔm ˈmawɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Iwkowa, within Brzesko County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Połom Mały	Gmina Iwkowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Filogaso (Greek: Philagassos) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Vibo Valentia in the Italian region Calabria, located about 40 kilometres (25 mi) southwest of Catanzaro and about 13 kilometres (8 mi) east of Vibo Valentia.	Filogaso	Province of Vibo Valentia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gameleiras is a municipality in the northeast of the Brazilian state of Minas Gerais.	Gameleiras	Minas Gerais
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Château du Grand Jardin was a maison de plaisance attached to the seat at Joinville, Haute-Marne of Claude de Lorraine, duc de Guise, who built it between 1533 and 1546 as a grand pavilion designed for fêtes and entertainments.	Château du Grand Jardin	Joinville
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gorinchem (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈɣɔrɪnˌxɛm)), also called Gorkum ((ˈɣɔrkʏm) or (ˈɣɔrkəm)), is a city and municipality in the western Netherlands, in the province of South Holland.	Gorinchem	South Holland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qasem Zamel (Persian: قاسم زامل‎, also Romanized as Qāsem Zāmel) is a village in Karkheh Rural District, Hamidiyeh District, Ahvaz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Qasem Zamel	Karkheh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tulliallan Castle is a large house in Kincardine, Fife, Scotland.	Tulliallan Castle	Fife	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Neasham is a village approximately four miles to the south east of Darlington in County Durham, England, and has more than 1,000 years of history.	Neasham	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Clarach Bay is a small bay on the coast of Ceredigion, Wales, to the north of Aberystwyth, where the Afon Clarach flows into the sea.	Clarach Bay	Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cazadero Trail is a proposed bicycle path in the U.S. state of Oregon.	Cazadero Trail	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	The George Willard House, also known as New Freedom Spring, is a Federal style house with Greek Revival details near Jefferson, Maryland.	George Willard House	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ahram Rural District (Persian: دهستان اهرم‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Tangestan County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Ahram Rural District	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Norton Canes is a village and civil parish on the southern periphery of Cannock Chase District, in Staffordshire, England.	Norton Canes	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bar Aftab-e Shidan (Persian: برافتاب شيدان‎, also Romanized as Bar Āftāb-e Shīdān) is a village in Milas Rural District, in the Central District of Lordegan County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Bar Aftab-e Shidan	Milas Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pruskołęka (pruskɔˈwɛŋka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chorzele, within Przasnysz County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Pruskołęka	Gmina Chorzele
located in the administrative territorial entity	Disraeli Glacier is a glacier on northern Ellesmere Island, Nunavut, Canada.	Disraeli Glacier	Nunavut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bellefield Hall is a Pittsburgh History and Landmarks Foundation Historic Landmark and is a contributing property to the Schenley Farms Historic District on the campus of the University of Pittsburgh across Bellefield Avenue from Heinz Memorial Chapel and the lawn of the university's Cathedral of Learning in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, USA.	Bellefield Hall	Pittsburgh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dinavar District (Persian: بخش دینور‎) is a district (bakhsh) in Sahneh County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Dinavar District	Kermanshah Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Scarboro Golf and Country Club is a private club in eastern Toronto, Ontario, Canada, located in the southern portion of the former city of Scarborough.	Scarboro Golf and Country Club	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pale-Prača is one of three municipalities of the Bosnian Podrinje Canton located in Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Pale-Prača	Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grays (or Grays Thurrock) is the largest town in the borough and unitary authority of Thurrock in Essex and one of the Thurrock's traditional (Church of England) parishes.	Grays	Essex
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kersegan (Persian: كرسگان‎, also Romanized as Kersegān; also known as Karaskān) is a village in Abrisham Rural District, in the Central District of Falavarjan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Kersegan	Abrisham Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khalajastan District (Persian: بخش خلجستان‎) is a district (bakhsh) in Qom County, Qom Province, Iran.	Khalajastan District	Qom County
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Kalyna Country ecomuseum is a heritage and eco-tourism district in East Central Alberta, Canada, named after the highbush cranberry plant, pronounced (Ka-lyn-na) in the Ukrainian language.	Kalyna Country	Central Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cockburn Town (/ˈkoʊbərn/ KOH-bərn) is the capital city of the Turks and Caicos Islands.	Cockburn Town	Turks and Caicos Islands
located in the administrative territorial entity	Peasholm railway station is the southern terminus station of the North Bay Railway in Scarborough, North Yorkshire, England.	Peasholm railway station	Scarborough
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mohammadabad-e Nayiniha (Persian: محمدابادنائيني ها‎, also Romanized as Moḩammadābād-e Nāyīnīhā; also known as Moḩammadābād) is a village in Akhtarabad Rural District, in the Central District of Malard County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Mohammadabad-e Nayiniha	Akhtarabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	DeBolt Aerodrome, (TC LID: CFG4), is located 1 nautical mile (1.9 km; 1.2 mi) north of Debolt, Alberta, Canada.	DeBolt Aerodrome	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wabaseemoong Independent Nations or more fully as the Wabaseemoong Independent Nations of One Man Lake, Swan Lake and Whitedog, is an Ojibway First Nation band government who reside 120 km northwest of Kenora, Ontario and 13 kilometres (8.1 mi) east of the Ontario-Manitoba border of northwestern Ontario, Canada.	Wabaseemoong Independent Nations	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Los Silos is a municipality and town in the northwestern part of the island Tenerife, Canary Islands, Spain.	Los Silos	Tenerife
located in the administrative territorial entity	Balhousie Castle, located in Perth, Scotland (on Hay Street, originally a few hundred metres north of the medieval town), dates to 1631, though its origins are believed to go back a further three hundred years.	Balhousie Castle	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stifford is a place in the unitary authority of Thurrock, Essex.	Stifford	Thurrock
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Beaver County Times is a daily newspaper published in Beaver, Pennsylvania, United States and serving the north-western Pittsburgh suburbs.	The Beaver County Times	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dahaneh-ye Darkal (Persian: دهنه دركال‎, also Romanized as Dahaneh-ye Darkāl) is a village in Koshkuiyeh Rural District, Koshkuiyeh District, Rafsanjan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Dahaneh-ye Darkal	Koshkuiyeh District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Padampur (also known as Padmapur) is a town and a NAC in Bargarh district in the Indian state of Odisha.	Padmapur	Bargarh district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pokojewo (pɔkɔˈjɛvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opinogóra Górna, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Pokojewo	Gmina Opinogóra Górna
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bil Dashi (Persian: بيلداشي‎, also Romanized as Bīl Dāshī) is a village in Ojarud-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Germi County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Bil Dashi	Ojarud-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	West Glamorgan (Welsh: Gorllewin Morgannwg) is a preserved county and former administrative county of Wales, one of the divisions of the ancient county of Glamorgan.	West Glamorgan	Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wendebach Reservoir (German: Wendebachstausee) is an artificial lake with a surrounding recreation park (Erholungspark Wendebach) in the municipalities of Gleichen and Friedland, Lower Saxony, Germany, about 8 km south of Göttingen.	Wendebach Reservoir	Göttingen
located in the administrative territorial entity	Clairton High School is in suburban Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.	Clairton High School	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Simalkha is a Village in Betalghat Mandal in Nainital district in Uttarakhand State in India.	Simalkha	Uttarakhand
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fleet Street is a major street in the City of London.	Fleet Street	City of London
located in the administrative territorial entity	Seighford is a small village about 3 miles (5 km) west of Stafford in Staffordshire, England.	Seighford	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Canton Township MPS consists of eleven houses (some with associated property and outbuildings) built between 1825 and 1904 and located in Canton Township, Michigan.	Canton Township MPS	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alathur is a village and gram panchayat in the Palakkad District, state of Kerala, India.	Alathur	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	Five Lock Combine and Locks 37 and 38, Black River Canal is a national historic district located in the Boonville Gorge Park at Boonville in Oneida County, New York.	Five Lock Combine and Locks 37 and 38, Black River Canal	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cowbridge (Welsh: Y Bont-faen) is a market town in the Vale of Glamorgan in Wales, approximately 7 miles (11 km) west of Cardiff (12 miles west of Cardiff Bridge).	Cowbridge	Vale of Glamorgan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Columbiana Centre is a Columbia, South Carolina, shopping mall located off of Interstate 26/U.S.	Columbiana Centre	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pentrebach (Welsh pronunciation: (ˌpɛntrɛˈbɑːχ), sometimes written Pentre-Bach, literally: small village) is a village in Merthyr Tydfil County Borough, Wales.	Pentrebach	Merthyr Tydfil
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grand Falls Airport (TC LID: CCK3), is a private airfield located 2.6 nautical miles (4.8 km; 3.0 mi) northeast of Grand Falls, New Brunswick, Canada.	Grand Falls Airport	New Brunswick
located in the administrative territorial entity	Villa Thiene is a 16th-century villa at Quinto Vicentino in the province of Vicenza.	Villa Thiene	Quinto Vicentino
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Jackling House was a mansion in Woodside, California, designed and built for copper mining magnate Daniel Cowan Jackling and his family by the noted California architect George Washington Smith in 1925.	Jackling House	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Karkasheh (Persian: كركشه‎, also Romanized as Gargasheh) is a village in Shaban Rural District, in the Central District of Meshgin Shahr County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Karkasheh	Shaban Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ng Tsang Lau (Chinese: 五層樓; literally: ``five-storey house'') was a cape on the south west corner of Tsing Yi Island, Hong Kong.	Ng Tsang Lau	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Visoka is a village in the Kardzhali Municipality, which is in the Kardzhali Province, in southern Bulgaria.	Visoka	Kardzhali Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Academy for Environmental Leadership (AEL) is a small high school located in Bushwick, a neighborhood in Brooklyn, New York City.	Academy for Environmental Leadership	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sint-Michiels (French:Saint-Michel-lez-Bruges) is a suburb of Bruges, in the province of West Flanders, Belgium.	Sint-Michiels	Bruges
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sonsorol is one of the sixteen states of Palau.	Sonsorol	Palau
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chah Gharbal (Persian: چاه غربال‎, also Romanized as Chāh Gharbāl) is a village in Tukahur Rural District, Tukahur District, Minab County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Chah Gharbal	Tukahur Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Skagit Valley Tulip Festival is a spring Tulip Festival in the Skagit Valley of Washington State.	Skagit Valley Tulip Festival	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Angastaco is a town in San Carlos Department, Salta Province, Argentina, in the Calchaquí Valley.	Angastaco	San Carlos Department
located in the administrative territorial entity	Raul Yzaguirre School for Success (RYSS) is a state charter school system in Texas.	Raul Yzaguirre School for Success	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mur-e Gham-e Vosta (Persian: مورغم وسطي‎, also Romanized as Mūr-e Gham-e Vosţá; also known as Mūr-e Gham) is a village in Zilayi Rural District, Margown District, Boyer-Ahmad County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Mur-e Gham-e Vosta	Zilayi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Chouteau Bridge is a four-lane girder bridge on Route 269 across the Missouri River between Jackson County, Missouri and Clay County, Missouri.	Chouteau Bridge	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cayo Icacos is a small, uninhabited island off the coast of Fajardo, Puerto Rico.	Cayo Icacos	Puerto Rico
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lenzi (Persian: لنزي‎, also Romanized as Lenzī) is a village in Chubar Rural District, Haviq District, Talesh County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Lenzi	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kofud Mozhdeh (Persian: كفودمژده‎, also Romanized as Kofūd Mozhdeh) is a village in Shanderman Rural District, Shanderman District, Masal County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Kofud Mozhdeh	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The North Coast Regional Botanic Garden is located at Hardacre Street, a kilometre from the centre of Coffs Harbour in the Mid North Coast region of New South Wales, Australia.	North Coast Regional Botanic Garden	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Silakhor Rural District (Persian: دهستان سيلاخور‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Silakhor District, Dorud County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Silakhor Rural District	Silakhor District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Maxwell Museum of Anthropology is an anthropology museum located on the University of New Mexico campus in Albuquerque, New Mexico.	Maxwell Museum of Anthropology	New Mexico
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Baccalaureate School for Global Education (BSGE) is a New York City Public School located in the Astoria section of Queens, New York.	Baccalaureate School for Global Education	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Santa Maria dell'Anima (English: Our Lady of the Soul) is a Roman Catholic church in central Rome, Italy, just west of the Piazza Navona and near the Santa Maria della Pace church.	Santa Maria dell'Anima	Rome
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Landing Masonry Bridge, also designated Bridge 44.53, is a 136-foot (41 m) stone structure built in 1907 by the Delaware, Lackawanna and Western Railroad in Landing, New Jersey, United States.	Landing Masonry Bridge	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mików (ˈmʲikuf) (Ukrainian: Миків, Mykiv) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Komańcza, within Sanok County, in the Subcarpathian Voivodeship (province) of south-eastern Poland, close to the border with Slovakia.	Mików	Gmina Komańcza
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jersey Marine is a village in Neath Port Talbot county borough, Wales, UK located about 3 miles (4.8 km) east of Swansea.	Jersey Marine	Neath Port Talbot
located in the administrative territorial entity	Baqeriyeh-ye Bala (Persian: باقريه بالا‎, also Romanized as Bāqerīyeh-ye Bālā; also known as Bāgerīyeh, Bāqerīyeh, Haidārābād, and Ḩeydarābād) is a village in Borj-e Akram Rural District, in the Central District of Fahraj County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Baqeriyeh-ye Bala	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Now Gonbad (Persian: نوگنبد‎) is a village in Bafran Rural District, in the Central District of Nain County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Now Gonbad	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brickfields Meadow is a meadow in South Norwood in the London Borough of Croydon.	Brickfields Meadow	London Borough of Croydon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Clunton is a village in south Shropshire, England, to the east of the small town of Clun.	Clunton	Shropshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Donaldson Air Force Base is a former facility of the United States Air Force located south of Greenville, South Carolina.	Donaldson Air Force Base	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bear River Dam (National ID # CA00379, also known as the Upper Bear River Dam) is a dam in Amador County, California, due east of Sacramento.	Bear River Dam	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bilczyce (bilˈt͡ʂɨt͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gdów, within Wieliczka County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Bilczyce	Gmina Gdów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Golden Gate Canyon is in the northwestern region of Yellowstone National Park in the U.S. state of Wyoming.	Golden Gate Canyon	Wyoming
located in the administrative territorial entity	The St. Augustine Amphitheatre is a venue for outdoor concerts and other large gatherings on A1A in St Augustine, Florida, United States.	St. Augustine Amphitheatre	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hajj Ahmad Kandi (Persian: حاج احمدكندي‎, also Romanized as Ḩājj Aḩmad Kandī; also known as Ḩājjī Aḩmad) is a village in Pain Barzand Rural District, Anguti District, Germi County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Hajj Ahmad Kandi	Pain Barzand Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The World Cup Sculpture, or simply The Champions, is a bronze statue of the 1966 World Cup Final located near West Ham United Football Club's Boleyn Ground (Upton Park) stadium in the London Borough of Newham, England.	World Cup Sculpture	London Borough of Newham
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ozorów (ɔˈzɔruf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skórzec, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Ozorów	Gmina Skórzec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jadowniki Bielskie (jadɔvˈniki ˈbjɛlskʲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żnin, within Żnin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Jadowniki Bielskie	Gmina Żnin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deh Sereshk (Persian: ده سرشك‎; also known as Deh Sīrī) is a village in Chin Rural District, Ludab District, Boyer-Ahmad County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Deh Sereshk	Chin Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Liangqing District (simplified Chinese: 良庆区; traditional Chinese: 良慶區; pinyin: Liángqìng Qū; Standard Zhuang: Liengzcing Gih) is one of six districts of Nanning, the capital of Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region, China.	Liangqing District	Nanning
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darcham (Persian: دارچم‎, also Romanized as Dārcham; also known as Qal``eh-ye Dārcham) is a village in Muzaran Rural District, in the Central District of Malayer County, Hamadan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 23, in 7 families.	Darcham	Muzaran Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kalumburu Road in the Kimberley Region of Western Australia is a 267 kilometre road that connects the Gibb River Road to the aboriginal community of Kalumburu on the coast via the Mitchell Plateau.	Kalumburu Road	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	De'e Township (simplified Chinese: 德峨乡; traditional Chinese: 德峨鄉; pinyin: Dé'é Xiāng) is under the administration of Longlin Various Nationalities Autonomous County, Guangxi, China, located in the southwest of the county.	De'e Township	Longlin Various Nationalities Autonomous County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sarasb (Persian: سراسب‎, also Romanized as Sarāsb) is a village in Sheykh Fazlolah-e Nuri Rural District, Baladeh District, Nur County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Sarasb	Sheykh Fazlolah-e Nuri Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tai Po River (Chinese: 大埔河; pinyin: Dapu He) is a river in Tai Po, New Territories, Hong Kong.	Tai Po River	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Alligator Effigy Mound is an effigy mound in Granville, Ohio, United States.	Alligator Effigy Mound	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nordfjordeid is the administrative centre of the municipality of Eid in Sogn og Fjordane county, western Norway.	Nordfjordeid	Eid
located in the administrative territorial entity	Inxuba Yethemba Local Municipality, formerly known as Cradock Local Municipality, is a local municipality in Chris Hani District Municipality, Eastern Cape.	Inxuba Yethemba Local Municipality	Chris Hani District Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Szczypiorno (ʂt͡ʂɨˈpjɔrnɔ) is a municipal neighbourhood of the city of Kalisz, Poland.	Szczypiorno	Kalisz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mud Mountain Dam is a dam in King County, Washington, a few miles southeast of Enumclaw.	Mud Mountain Dam	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chah-e Huiyeh (Persian: چاهوئيه‎, also Romanized as Chāh-e Hū’īyeh) is a village in Pa Qaleh Rural District, in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Chah-e Huiyeh	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Põlva Parish (Estonian: Põlva vald) is a rural municipality in Põlva County, southeastern Estonia.	Põlva Parish	Põlva County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dundalk (Tripp Field) Aerodrome (TC LID: CTF4) is an aerodrome located 3.7 nautical miles (6.9 km; 4.3 mi) east of Dundalk, Ontario near the French River in Canada.	Dundalk (Tripp Field) Aerodrome	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Trzebórz (ˈtʂɛbuʂ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kozielice, within Pyrzyce County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Trzebórz	Gmina Kozielice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mazdakati (Persian: مزداكتي‎, also Romanized as Mazdākatī) is a village in Babol Kenar Rural District, Babol Kenar District, Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Mazdakati	Babol Kenar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	WYLD-FM is an Urban Adult Contemporary radio outlet in New Orleans, Louisiana, and one of the highest rated radio stations in the market.	WYLD-FM	Louisiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	West Ealing is a district in the London Borough of Ealing, in west London.	West Ealing	London Borough of Ealing
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Marcus Baker is the highest peak of the Chugach Mountains of Alaska.	Mount Marcus Baker	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mongomo is a town in Wele-Nzas Province in mainland Equatorial Guinea.	Mongomo	Wele-Nzas Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bodrum Mosque (Turkish: Bodrum Camii, or Mesih Paşa Camii named after its converter) in Istanbul, Turkey, is a former Eastern Orthodox church converted into a mosque by the Ottomans.	Bodrum Mosque	Istanbul
located in the administrative territorial entity	Beverly Beach State Park is a state park in the U.S. state of Oregon located 5 miles (8.0 km) north of Newport.	Beverly Beach State Park	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cheshmeh Gilas (Persian: چشمه گيلاس‎, also Romanized as Cheshmeh Gīlās; also known as Chashmeh Gīlāg) is a village in Bizaki Rural District, Golbajar District, Chenaran County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Cheshmeh Gilas	Bizaki Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ashland Mill Bridge was a lenticular pony truss bridge over the Pachaug River in Griswold, Connecticut that was built in 1886 by the Berlin Iron Bridge Company.	Ashland Mill Bridge	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Superstition Mountains (Yavapai: Wi:kchsawa), popularly called ``The Superstitions'', are a range of mountains in Arizona located to the east of the Phoenix metropolitan area.	Superstition Mountains	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Old Union Depot Hotel (previously known as the Union Hotel and Cafe) was a historic hotel and commercial building in Tampa, Florida, USA.	Old Union Depot Hotel	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Trzuskotowo (tʂuskɔˈtɔvɔ) (German: Wörth) is a former village in the administrative district of Gmina Suchy Las, within Poznań County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Trzuskotowo	Gmina Suchy Las
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Middle Peninsula is the second of three large peninsulas on the western shore of Chesapeake Bay in Virginia, in the United States.	Middle Peninsula	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Weston Green is a small suburban village and a ward in the Elmbridge borough of Surrey.	Weston Green	Surrey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Morristown-Beard School is a coeducational, independent, college-preparatory day school located in Morristown, in Morris County, New Jersey, United States.	Morristown-Beard School	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	The UL Bend Wilderness comprises 20,819 acres (84 km2) and is located in the U.S. state of Montana within the UL Bend National Wildlife Refuge, which in turn is also completely surrounded by the Charles M. Russell National Wildlife Refuge.	UL Bend Wilderness	Montana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Thrikkalathoor is a village in Ernakulam district of Kerala state (India), located near to the towns of Perumbavoor, Muvattupuza and Kothamangalam.	Thrikkalathoor	Ernakulam district	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	Templecombe is a village in Somerset, England, situated on the A357 road five miles south of Wincanton, twelve miles east of Yeovil, and 30 miles west of Salisbury.	Templecombe	Somerset
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shreveport Regional Airport (IATA: SHV, ICAO: KSHV, FAA LID: SHV) is a public use airport in Shreveport, Louisiana, United States.	Shreveport Regional Airport	Louisiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bari Sardo (Barì in Sardinian language), (Latin: Custodia Rubriensis) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Ogliastra in the Italian region Sardinia, located about 80 kilometres (50 mi) northeast of Cagliari and about 9 kilometres (6 mi) south of Tortolì.	Bari Sardo	Province of Ogliastra
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hume Lake is a reservoir in the Sierra Nevada, within Sequoia National Forest and Fresno County, central California,.	Hume Lake	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pike High School is a public high school on the northwest side of Indianapolis, Indiana.	Pike High School	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Baruch College Campus High School (BCCHS) is a public high school located in the Flatiron District in the borough of Manhattan in New York City.	Baruch College Campus High School	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Appleton Farms Grass Rides is a park in Hamilton, Massachusetts that is owned and maintained by The Trustees of Reservations.	Appleton Farms Grass Rides	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Panasapadu is a village adjacent to Samalkota-Kakinada Bypass Road situated in East Godavari district near Kakinada town, in Andhra Pradesh State.	Panasapadu	Andhra Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Keruiyeh (Persian: كروييه‎, also Romanized as Kerū’īyeh; also known as Cheshmeh Kerū’īyeh) is a village in Esmaili Rural District, Esmaili District, Anbarabad County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Keruiyeh	Esmaili District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Banner Mountain (also Banner Hill) is in Nevada County in the U.S. state of California.	Banner Mountain	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Callide Dam was constructed in 1965 to supply water for a nearby power station in Biloela in the state of Queensland, Australia.	Callide Dam	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Rose Wagner Performing Arts Center is a three-venue arts complex in downtown Salt Lake City, Utah that is home to various performing arts organizations, such as Ririe-Woodbury Dance Company the Gina Bachauer International Piano Foundation, Plan-B Theatre Company, and the Sundance Film Festival.	Rose Wagner Performing Arts Center	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Main Point was a small coffeehouse venue on Lancaster Ave. in Bryn Mawr, Pennsylvania.	The Main Point	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Acquavella Galleries is an art gallery located at 18 East 79th Street between Madison and Fifth Avenues in the Upper East Side neighborhood of Manhattan, New York City.	Acquavella Galleries	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nalanda Open University (NOU) is a university at Patna in Bihar state, India.	Nalanda Open University	Patna
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Fremont Powerhouse is a power plant located in the Umatilla National Forest in Grant County, west of Granite, Oregon, United States.	Fremont Powerhouse	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aldrich Bay (Chinese: 愛秩序灣), named after Major Edward Aldrich (Chinese: 愛秩序少校), was formerly a bay in the north shore on the Hong Kong Island, Hong Kong.	Aldrich Bay	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Graham Cave is a Native American archeological site near Mineola, Missouri in Montgomery County in the hills above the Loutre River.	Graham Cave	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Siah Dasht Bon (Persian: سياه دشتبن‎, also Romanized as Sīāh Dasht Bon) is a village in Khorgam Rural District, Khorgam District, Rudbar County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Siah Dasht Bon	Khorgam District
located in the administrative territorial entity	It is the second largest city and urban agglomeration in Erode district and is the administrative headquarters of Gobichettipalayam taluka, revenue and educational districts.	Gobichettipalayam	Erode district
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Claverack Free Library is located on NY 23B near the center of the hamlet of Claverack, New York, United States.	Claverack Free Library	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Weitzenhoffer Family College of Fine Arts is the fine arts unit of the University of Oklahoma in Norman.	Weitzenhoffer Family College of Fine Arts	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hay's Galleria is a mixed use building in the London Borough of Southwark situated on the south bank of the River Thames including offices, restaurants, shops and flats.	Hay's Galleria	London Borough of Southwark
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pakash (Persian: پاكش‎, also Romanized as Pākash) is a village in Raviz Rural District, Koshkuiyeh District, Rafsanjan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Pakash	Koshkuiyeh District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The original 4 World Trade Center was a 9-story low-rise office building completed in 1975 that was 118 ft (36 m) tall and in the southeast corner of the site, in Lower Manhattan, New York City.	4 World Trade Center	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ninhue (Spanish pronunciation: (ˈninwe)) is a Chilean commune and town in Ñuble Province, Biobío Region.	Ninhue	Ñuble Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	UniverCity is an award-winning sustainable community located on top of Burnaby Mountain, adjacent to Simon Fraser University.	UniverCity	Burnaby
located in the administrative territorial entity	The City of Sandringham was a local government area about 20 kilometres (12 mi) south of Melbourne, the state capital of Victoria, Australia, on the eastern side of Port Phillip.	City of Sandringham	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gowzgavand (Persian: گوزگوند‎, also Romanized as Gowzgavand) is a village in Rowzeh Chay Rural District, in the Central District of Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Gowzgavand	Rowzeh Chay Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kur Bolagh-e Do (Persian: كوربلاغ دو‎, also Romanized as Kūr Bolāgh-e Do; also known as Kūr Bolāgh-e Moḩammad Naqī and Kūr Bolāgh-e Moḩammad Taqī) is a village in Baladarband Rural District, in the Central District of Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Kur Bolagh-e Do	Baladarband Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khutzeymateen Inlet (also spelled K’tzim-a-Deen in the Tsimshian language of the Gits'iis people) is one of the lesser principal inlets of the British Columbia Coast.	Khutzeymateen Inlet	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sierra de las Nieves Natural Park (Spanish: Parque natural de la Sierra de las Nieves) is a natural park in the Sierra de las Nieves range, Andalusia, southern Spain.	Sierra de las Nieves Natural Park	Andalusia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Luapula Province is one of Zambia's ten provinces, and is located in the north of the country.	Luapula Province	Zambia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stoke St Michael is a village and civil parish on the Mendip Hills 4 miles (6.4 km) north east of Shepton Mallet, and 8 miles (12.9 km) west of Frome, in the Mendip district of Somerset, England.	Stoke St Michael	Somerset
located in the administrative territorial entity	Żabikowo Prywatne (ʐabiˈkɔvɔ prɨˈvatnɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szumowo, within Zambrów County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Żabikowo Prywatne	Gmina Szumowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bienville Square is a historic city park in the center of downtown Mobile, Alabama.	Bienville Square	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Abercanaid (Welsh: Abercannaid) is a small village in the Welsh county borough of Merthyr Tydfil, Glamorgan, Wales, United Kingdom with a population of about 5,060.	Abercanaid	Merthyr Tydfil
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lowbidgee Floodplain extends from Balranald to near Waradgery Station, about 20 km (12 mi) west of Hay, in south-western New South Wales.	Lowbidgee Floodplain	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rancho Nueva Flandria was a Mexican land grant in present-day Yolo County, California given in 1844 by Governor Manuel Micheltorena to Jan Lows de Swart (John Schwartz).	Rancho Nueva Flandria	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Russell Industrial Center is a complex of studios and shops is located at 1600 Clay Avenue in Midtown Detroit, Michigan.	Russell Industrial Center	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Thunderbolt Peak is a peak in the Palisades group of peaks in the Sierra Nevada in the U.S. state of California.	Thunderbolt Peak	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lockview High School is a high school located in Fall River, Nova Scotia, serving the areas of Fall River, Beaver Bank, Windsor Junction, Waverley, Wellington and a section of Enfield.	Lockview High School	Nova Scotia
located in the administrative territorial entity	English Frankton, formerly known simply as Frankton, is a small village in Shropshire, England.	English Frankton	Shropshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deh-e Anushirvan (Persian: ده انوشيروان‎, also Romanized as Deh-e Anūshīrvān; also known as Anūshīrvān) is a village in Dust Mohammad Rural District, in the Central District of Hirmand County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Deh-e Anushirvan	Sistan and Baluchestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Marlow Ferry, located in Baldwin County, Alabama, United States, is the former site of a ferry which crossed Fish River.	Marlow Ferry	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Central Park West Historic District is located in Manhattan, New York City, United States along historic Central Park West, between 61st and 97th Streets.	Central Park West Historic District	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nowokrasne (nɔvɔˈkrasnɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krasne, within Przasnysz County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Nowokrasne	Gmina Krasne
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brundage Mountain Resort is an alpine ski area in the western United States, located in west central Idaho in the Payette National Forest.	Brundage Mountain	Idaho
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yeongyang County (Yeongyang-gun) is an inland county in the north-eastern area of North Gyeongsang Province, South Korea.	Yeongyang County	North Gyeongsang Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Weasdale is a small hamlet in Cumbria, England, 850 feet (260 m) above sea-level on the northern flanks of the Howgill Fells.	Weasdale	Cumbria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ordowt-e Nazer (Persian: اردوت نظر‎, also Romanized as Ordowt-e Naẓer) is a village in Susan-e Gharbi Rural District, Susan District, Izeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Ordowt-e Nazer	Susan-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Delta or Delta State is an oil and agricultural producing state of Nigeria, situated in the region known as the South-South geo-political zone with a population of 4,098,291 (males: 2,674,306; females: 2,024,085).	Delta State	Nigeria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Circuit of the Americas (COTA) is a unidirectional, grade 1 FIA specification 3.427-mile (5.515 km) motor racing facility located in Elroy, on the southeastern periphery of Austin city limits, in Central Texas.	Circuit of the Americas	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cavill Avenue is a street and a pedestrian mall in Surfers Paradise, Gold Coast, Queensland, Australia.	Cavill Avenue	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lachapet is a village located in the Dubbak mandal, Medak district, Telangana.	Lachapet	Medak district	Telangana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ichalkaranji ( pronunciation ) is a city in Kolhapur district in the Indian state of Maharashtra.	Ichalkaranji	Kolhapur district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Osoppo (Friulian: Osôf) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Udine in the Italian region Friuli-Venezia Giulia, located about 90 kilometres (56 mi) northwest of Trieste and about 25 kilometres (16 mi) northwest of Udine.	Osoppo	Province of Udine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kały-Towarzystwo (ˈkawɨ tɔvaˈʐɨstfɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Ostrowy, within Kutno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Kały-Towarzystwo	Gmina Nowe Ostrowy
located in the administrative territorial entity	Benjamin Rush State Park is a 275-acre (111 ha) Pennsylvania state park in Philadelphia, Philadelphia County, Pennsylvania, in the United States.	Benjamin Rush State Park	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gharqabad (Persian: غرق آباد‎, also Romanized as Gharqābād and Gharaqābād; also known as Ghargh Abad) is a city in Nowbaran District, in Saveh County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Gharqabad	Nowbaran District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shaw-cum-Donnington is a civil parish in West Berkshire, Berkshire, England with all of its urban or suburban area immediately north of (contiguous with) the largest town in the district, Newbury.	Shaw-cum-Donnington	Berkshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Żelazówka (ʐɛlaˈzufka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dąbrowa Tarnowska, within Dąbrowa County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Żelazówka	Gmina Dąbrowa Tarnowska
located in the administrative territorial entity	The St. Joe National Forest is a U.S. National Forest located in the Idaho panhandle and is one of three forests that are aggregated into the Idaho Panhandle National Forests (the other two are the Coeur d'Alene and Kaniksu National Forests).	St. Joe National Forest	Idaho
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Cabrebald is a mountain located within the Barrington Tops National Park, in the Upper Hunter region of New South Wales, Australia.	Mount Cabrebald	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Church and Friary of St Francis, known locally as Gorton Monastery, is a 19th-century former Franciscan friary in Gorton, Manchester, England.	Gorton Monastery	Manchester
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ehrenberg Wash (also known as Cinnabar Wash) is a stream located in La Paz County, Arizona, in the census-designated place of Ehrenberg.	Ehrenberg Wash	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Abington Congregational Church is a historic church on Connecticut Route 97 in the Abington village of Pomfret, Connecticut.	Abington Congregational Church	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Musandam Governorate (Arabic: محافظة مسندم‎) is a governorate of Oman.	Musandam Governorate	Oman
located in the administrative territorial entity	Indulkana (also known as Iwantja) is an Aboriginal community in the Anangu Pitjantjatjara Yankunytjatjara Lands in South Australia, comprising one of the six main communities on ``The Lands'' (the others being Ernabella/Pukatja, Amata, Fregon/Kaltjiti, Mimili and Pipalyatjara).	Indulkana	South Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kaszuny (kaˈʂunɨ) (German: Kaschaunen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lidzbark Warmiński, within Lidzbark County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Kaszuny	Gmina Lidzbark Warmiński
located in the administrative territorial entity	Karkatak (Persian: كركتك‎) is a village in Sakht Sar Rural District, in the Central District of Ramsar County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Karkatak	Sakht Sar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Reformed Dutch Church of Claverack is located on New York State Route 9H at the north end of the hamlet of Claverack, New York, United States.	Reformed Dutch Church of Claverack	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Al-Jalaa Stadium (Arabic: ملعب الجلاء‎) is a multi-use stadium in Damascus, Syria, currently used mostly for football matches.	Al-Jalaa Stadium	Damascus
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pier 57 is a long pier located in the Hudson River on the west side of the borough of Manhattan in New York City.	Pier 57	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lois Hole Centennial Provincial Park is a provincial park in Alberta, Canada, located immediately west from Edmonton and St. Albert.	Lois Hole Centennial Provincial Park	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Windsor House, London is an office building in Victoria Street, City of Westminster, London, England.	Windsor House, London	City of Westminster
located in the administrative territorial entity	Heggbach Abbey (German: Reichsabtei Heggbach) was a Cistercian nunnery in Heggbach, now part of the municipality of Maselheim in the district of Biberach, Baden-Württemberg, Germany.	Heggbach Abbey	Baden-Württemberg
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Pelham Town Hall Historic District encompasses the remaining municipal portion of the center of Pelham, Massachusetts as laid out between 1738 and 1743.	Pelham Town Hall Historic District	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barringer Farmhouse is an historic structure located in Rhinebeck, New York, just west of US 9.	Barringer Farmhouse	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Belmont Estate, now the Belmont Manor Historic Park, is a historic estate located at Elkridge, Howard County, Maryland, United States.	Belmont Estate	Howard County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gostynin County (Polish: powiat gostyniński) is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Masovian Voivodeship, east-central Poland.	Gostynin County	Masovian Voivodeship
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Las Animas Post Office is a historic Modern Movement-style building in Las Animas, Colorado that was built during 1937-38.	Las Animas Post Office	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hotel Nacional de Cuba is a historic luxury hotel located on the Malecón in the middle of Vedado, Havana, Cuba.	Hotel Nacional de Cuba	Havana
located in the administrative territorial entity	333 Market Street is a class-A office skyscraper on Market Street between Fremont and Beale in the Financial District of San Francisco, California.	333 Market Street	San Francisco
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kariyamanickam (Tamil: கரியமாணிக்கம்) is a panchayat village in Nettapakkam Commune in the Union Territory of Puducherry, India.	Kariyamanickam	Nettapakkam Commune
located in the administrative territorial entity	Erdaojiang District (simplified Chinese: 二道江区; traditional Chinese: 二道江區; pinyin: Èrdàojiāng Qū) is a district of Tonghua, Jilin, China.	Erdaojiang District	Tonghua
located in the administrative territorial entity	Patha Suryapet (sometimes written Pathasuryapeta) is a village which is 11 km distant from Suryapet Town, one of the major towns in Nalgonda district in the Indian state of Telangana.	Patha Suryapet	Nalgonda district	Telangana
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Minto Metropole is a 33 story residential building in the Westboro neighbourhood of Ottawa, Ontario.	Minto Metropole	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Pavant Range (also Pahvant) is a mountain range in central Utah east of Fillmore.	Pavant Range	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Old Brooklyn Fire Headquarters is a historic building located at 365-67 Jay Street near Willoughby Street in Downtown Brooklyn, New York City.	Old Brooklyn Fire Headquarters	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Klein Glienicke was an independent village and is now part of Potsdam.	Klein Glienicke	Potsdam
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Raton Downtown Historic District is a historic district listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Raton, New Mexico, USA.	Raton Downtown Historic District	New Mexico
located in the administrative territorial entity	Blue Coal's Huber Breaker was a landmark located in the borough of Ashley, Hanover Township, Luzerne County, Pennsylvania, USA.	Huber Breaker	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jameh Shuran (Persian: جامه شوران‎, also Romanized as Jāmeh Shūrān; also known as Jamaishūrāu and Jameh Shūrā’ū) is a village in Panjeh Ali Rural District, in the Central District of Qorveh County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Jameh Shuran	Panjeh Ali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Senijeh (Persian: سنيجه‎, also Romanized as Senījeh; also known as Sanīcheh and Sīncheh) is a village in Mollasani Rural District, in the Central District of Bavi County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Senijeh	Mollasani Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Toronto New School is an independent, not for profit secondary school in Toronto, Ontario.	Toronto New School	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Andover Regional School District is a regional public school district in Sussex County, New Jersey, United States, serving students in Kindergarten through eighth grade from Andover Borough and Andover Township.	Andover Regional School District	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kozołęka (kɔzɔˈwɛnka) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Nowa Wieś Lęborska, within Lębork County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Kozołęka	Gmina Nowa Wieś Lęborska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tsing Long Highway (Chinese: 青朗公路; pinyin: Qīnglǎng Gōnglù; Cantonese Yale: ching1 long5 gung1 lou6) is an expressway of Route 3 from North West Tsing Yi Interchange on Tsing Yi Island to Yuen Long, in Hong Kong.	Tsing Long Highway	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Snow Train Rolling Stock, located in Railroad Heritage Park in Laramie, Wyoming, consists of five pieces of Union Pacific Railroad rolling stock.	Snow Train Rolling Stock	Wyoming
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lake Oswego Railroad Bridge (also known as the Union Pacific Railroad Bridge at Lake Oswego and formerly as the Southern Pacific Railroad Bridge at Lake Oswego) is a truss railroad bridge that spans the Willamette River between Lake Oswego, Oregon and Oak Grove, Oregon.	Lake Oswego Railroad Bridge	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	The North County Trailway is a 22.1-mile (35.6 km) long rail trail stretching from Eastview to Baldwin Place in Westchester County, New York.	North County Trailway	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	It is owned by New York City but is operated by The Wyckoff House & Association.	Wyckoff House	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kar Fun (Persian: كرفون‎, also Romanized as Kar Fūn) is a village in Bahnemir Rural District, Bahnemir District, Babolsar County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Kar Fun	Bahnemir Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Onęber (ɔˈnɛmbɛr) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostrów Wielkopolski, within Ostrów Wielkopolski County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Onęber	Gmina Ostrów Wielkopolski
located in the administrative territorial entity	The New School for the Arts and Academics (sometimes shortened to New School for the Arts) is a performing and visual arts charter school in Tempe, Arizona.	The New School for the Arts and Academics	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mechlenreuth is a village in Upper Franconia in the district of Hof in Bavaria, Germany.	Mechlenreuth	Bavaria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Southwest Federal Center is a business district in Southwest Washington, D.C., nearly entirely occupied by offices for various branches of the U.S. Government, including many of the museums of the Smithsonian Institution.	Southwest Federal Center	Washington, D.C.
located in the administrative territorial entity	Old Turn Junction, or Deep Cutting Junction (grid reference SP059868) is a canal junction in Birmingham, England, where the Birmingham and Fazeley Canal meets the Birmingham Canal Navigations Main Line Canal.	Old Turn Junction	Birmingham
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kadkan Rural District (Persian: دهستان كدكن‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Kadkan District, Torbat-e Heydarieh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Kadkan Rural District	Kadkan District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Aggenstein is a mountain, 1,986 metres high (according to German survey: 1,985.4 m) in the Allgäu Alps on the border Bavaria, Germany and Tyrol, Austria.	Aggenstein	Bavaria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tulsk (Irish: Tuilsce, meaning ``wet hill (Tullaigh uisce)'') is a village in County Roscommon, Ireland.	Tulsk	County Roscommon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pogroszew (pɔˈɡrɔʂɛf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ożarów Mazowiecki, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Pogroszew	Gmina Ożarów Mazowiecki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lockerby Composite School is a high school located in the Lockerby neighbourhood of Greater Sudbury, Ontario, Canada, a short distance from Science North and James Jerome (Lily Creek) Sports Complex.	Lockerby Composite School	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Juyom District (Persian: بخش جویم‎) is a district (bakhsh) in Larestan County, Fars Province, Iran.	Juyom District	Fars Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	East Belmont is a historic farm and national historic district located near Keswick, Albemarle County, Virginia.	East Belmont	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Indiana University Health Ball Memorial Hospital is the only hospital in the city of Muncie, Indiana.	Ball Memorial Hospital	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khustigiri is a village in Suri Sadar subdivision in Birbhum District in the Indian state of West Bengal.	Khustigiri	West Bengal
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Adirondack Correctional Facility is a 700-man medium-security prison in Ray Brook, New York in the Adirondack Mountains between Saranac Lake and Lake Placid; it employs 311 people.	Adirondack Correctional Facility	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Quyujiq (Persian: قويوجيق‎, also Romanized as Qūyūjīq; also known as Qūyjūq and Qūyūjūq) is a village in Nazarkahrizi Rural District, Nazarkahrizi District, Hashtrud County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Quyujiq	Nazarkahrizi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Billabong Sanctuary is an 11-hectare (27-acre) wildlife sanctuary in Nome, 17 kilometres (11 mi) south of Townsville, North Queensland, Australia.	Billabong Sanctuary	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Folke is a parish in the county of Dorset in southern England, situated in the Blackmore Vale in the West Dorset administrative district approximately 3.5 miles (5.6 km) south-east of Sherborne.	Folke	Dorset
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fan Shamali (Arabic: فان شمالي‎, also spelled al-Fan Ashamali or Fan esh-Shemali) is a village in northern Syria, administratively part of the Hama Governorate, located northeast of Hama.	Fan Shamali	Hama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sa Calobra is a small village in the Escorca municipality on the northwest coast of the Spanish Balearic island of Majorca.	Sa Calobra	Escorca	Majorca
located in the administrative territorial entity	Unterjoch is a small village in the municipality of Bad Hindelang in the German district of Oberallgäu, Bavaria.	Unterjoch	Bavaria
located in the administrative territorial entity	American Indian Public Charter School or AIPCS is an Oakland, California charter middle school with predominantly low-income, minority students.	American Indian Public Charter School	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Starting at the junction of Harrow Road and Edgware Road at Paddington Green in the current City of Westminster:	Harrow Road	City of Westminster
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ratajki (raˈtai̯ki) (German Ratteick) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sianów, within Koszalin County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Ratajki	Gmina Sianów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Wahtopanah, also known as Rivers Reservoir, is a lake on the Little Saskatchewan River near the town of Rivers, Manitoba.	Lake Wahtopanah	Manitoba
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sussex Drive (French: Promenade Sussex) is a major street in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada, and one of the city's major ceremonial and institutional routes.	Sussex Drive	Ottawa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Boyer Ahmad-e Garmsiri Rural District (Persian: دهستان بويراحمدگرمسيرئ‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Gachsaran County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Boyer Ahmad-e Garmsiri Rural District	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Berkshire Museum is a museum of natural history, art, and ancient civilization that is located in Pittsfield, Berkshire County, Massachusetts, United States.	Berkshire Museum	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Camp Curtis Guild is a Massachusetts Army National Guard camp located in the towns of Reading, Lynnfield, and Wakefield, Massachusetts.	Camp Curtis Guild	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	KIZS is an American radio station broadcasting at a frequency of 101.5 MHz in Tulsa, Oklahoma.	KIZS	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nioro du Sahel often referred to as simply Nioro is a town and urban commune in the Kayes Region of western Mali, 241 km from the city of Kayes.	Nioro du Sahel	Kayes Region
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nord-Bindalen or Nordbindalen is a former administrative entity in the Helgeland district of Northern Norway.	Nord-Bindalen	Helgeland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Corn Palace, commonly advertised as The World's Only Corn Palace and the Mitchell Corn Palace, is a multi-purpose arena/facility located in Mitchell, South Dakota.	Corn Palace	South Dakota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chenar Barg (Persian: چناربرگ‎, also Romanized as Chenār Barg; also known as Chenār Barg-e ``Olyā) is a village in Jowzar Rural District, in the Central District of Mamasani County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 95, in 23 families.	Chenar Barg	Jowzar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Żbijowa (ʐbiˈjɔva) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drużbice, within Bełchatów County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Żbijowa	Gmina Drużbice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Glušca (Serbian Cyrillic: Глушца) is a village in the municipality of Foča, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Glušca	Foča
located in the administrative territorial entity	KROO (1430 AM) is a radio station with an adult contemporary format, licensed to Breckenridge, Texas.	KROO	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Elandakuttai or Elanthakuttai is a small village located in Namakkal district (Tamil Nadu / India) on the bank of the Kaveri River.	Elandakuttai	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pabierowice (pabjɛrɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grójec, within Grójec County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Pabierowice	Gmina Grójec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Szasty (ˈʂastɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bulkowo, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Szasty	Gmina Bulkowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kallehabad (Persian: كله باد‎, also Romanized as Kallehabād) is a village in Majin Rural District, Majin District, Darreh Shahr County, Ilam Province, Iran.	Kallehabad	Majin Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mullum Mullum Creek is a creek in the outer eastern suburbs of Melbourne, Victoria, Australia.	Mullum Mullum Creek	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darvish Beygeh (Persian: درويش بيگه‎, also Romanized as Darvīsh Beygeh) is a village in Sanjabi Rural District, Kuzaran District, Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Darvish Beygeh	Sanjabi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Poźrzadło Małe (pɔˈʑʐadwɔ ˈmawɛ) (German: Klein Spiegel) is a former village in the administrative district of Gmina Kalisz Pomorski, within Drawsko County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Poźrzadło Małe	Gmina Kalisz Pomorski
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lindum Colonia, was the Roman name for the settlement which is now the City of Lincoln in Lincolnshire.	Lindum Colonia	Lincoln
located in the administrative territorial entity	Port Shelter, also known as Ngau Mei Hoi (Chinese: 牛尾海, Pinyin: Niuwei Hai) indigenously, is a harbour south of Sai Kung Peninsula in Hong Kong.	Port Shelter	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chałków (ˈxau̯kuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipie, within Kłobuck County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Chałków	Gmina Lipie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Peteru is a panchayat in Repalle Mandal, Guntur district, in the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.	Peteru	Andhra Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Competition for control of Fort Astoria was a factor in the British and the Americans' resolving their disputed claims to the Oregon Country.	Fort Astoria	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Western Technology Center is a public career and technology education center founded in 1970 with its main campus located in Burns Flat, Oklahoma.	Western Technology Center	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Avtokomanda (Macedonian: ``Автокоманда'') is an indoor sports arena located in Skopje, Republic of Macedonia.	Avtokomanda	Skopje
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hamilton Southeastern High School (HSE or HSHS) is a four-star, former Blue Ribbon public high school in Fishers, Indiana, United States.	Hamilton Southeastern High School	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Miradouro do Pico das Cruzinhas is a monument in the Azores.	Miradouro do Pico das Cruzinhas	Azores
located in the administrative territorial entity	Williams Chapel is a small non-denominational Christian church in the village of Johnsonville in Warren County, Indiana.	Williams Chapel	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Alna School is located on Alna Road in the town of Alna, Maine.	Alna School	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alvandabad (Persian: الونداباد‎, also Romanized as Alvandābād) is a village in Rudshur Rural District, in the Central District of Zarandieh County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Alvandabad	Rudshur Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chah-e Korgaz (Persian: چاه كرگز‎, also Romanized as Chāh-e Korgaz) is a village in Neh Rural District, in the Central District of Nehbandan County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Chah-e Korgaz	Neh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	KELS-LP (104.7 FM), also known as ``The Pirate'', is a low-power radio station licensed to Greeley, Colorado, USA.	KELS-LP	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Angus Glen Golf Club consists of two 18-hole championship golf courses in Markham, Ontario, which is located north of Toronto.	Angus Glen Golf Club	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rakhiv Raion (Ukrainian: Рахівський район, Romanian: Raionul Rahău) is a raion in Zakarpattia Oblast in western Ukraine.	Rakhiv Raion	Zakarpattia Oblast
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Thomas Goode Jones School of Law, also known as Jones Law, JLS or JSL, is one of the professional graduate schools of Faulkner University, located in Montgomery, Alabama.	Thomas Goode Jones School of Law	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brienno (Brienn in the local variety of Western Lombard) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Como in the Italian region Lombardy, located about 50 kilometres (31 mi) north of Milan and about 10 kilometres (6 mi) northeast of Como.	Brienno	Province of Como
located in the administrative territorial entity	Boneh Darvazeh (Persian: بنه دروازه‎, also Romanized as Boneh Darvāzeh; also known as Bandarvāzeh) is a village in Doshman Ziari Rural District, Doshman Ziari District, Mamasani County, Fars Province, Iran.	Boneh Darvazeh	Doshman Ziari District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Westview Centennial Secondary School (Westview Centennial SS, WCSS, or Westview in short) is a semestered public high school with a student body of about 1305 students located in North York, Ontario, Canada under the sanction of the North York Board of Education that later assimilated into the Toronto District School Board.	Westview Centennial Secondary School	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Weethalle (/ˈwiːθæli/ WEE-thal-ee) is a town in the Central West region of New South Wales, Australia.	Weethalle	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Poneh Badi (Persian: پنه بدي‎, also Romanized as Poneh Badī) is a village in Emamzadeh Seyyed Mahmud Rural District, Sardasht District, Dezful County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Poneh Badi	Emamzadeh Seyyed Mahmud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ortenstein is a castle located in Switzerland, near Tomils, in Graubünden.	Ortenstein	Tomils	Graubünden
located in the administrative territorial entity	USS LST-325 is a decommissioned tank landing ship of the United States Navy, now docked in Evansville, Indiana.	USS LST-325	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Le Caylar, also known as Le-Caylar-en-Larzac, is a commune in the Hérault department in southern France.	Le Caylar	Hérault
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tomen yr Allt (or Domen yr Allt) (``tomen ar hallt'' is modern Welsh for ′mound on the wooded hillside′) was a Medieval motte and bailey defensive castle near Llanfyllin in Powys, Wales.	Tomen yr Allt	Powys
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tabarkan (Persian: تبركن‎) is a village in Kiskan Rural District, in the Central District of Baft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Tabarkan	Kiskan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bustryk (ˈbustrɨk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Poronin, within Tatra County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Bustryk	Gmina Poronin
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Unadilla River in New York State flows 71 miles (114 km) from south of Utica to the village of Sidney, where it flows into the Susquehanna River, which eventually empties into the Chesapeake Bay, an arm of the Atlantic Ocean.	Unadilla River	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kreuzjoch is a mountain of Bavaria in southern Germany, part of the present-day Garmisch Classic ski resort.	Kreuzjoch	Bavaria
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Pacific Palisades Conservation Area is a conservation area located along the Meramec River where St. Louis, Jefferson, and Franklin counties meet in Missouri, USA.	Pacific Palisades Conservation Area	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Piner High School (PHS) is a Public high school in Santa Rosa, California, United States.	Piner High School	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kalwińszczyna (kalviɲʂˈt͡ʂɨna) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sidra, within Sokółka County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Kalwińszczyna	Gmina Sidra
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yanam (French: Yanaon) is a town in the Indian union territory of Puducherry, located in Yanam district, which forms a 30 km² enclave in the district of East Godavari in Andhra Pradesh.	Yanam	Puducherry
located in the administrative territorial entity	Prałkowce (prau̯ˈkɔft͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krasiczyn, within Przemyśl County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in southeastern Poland.	Prałkowce	Gmina Krasiczyn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Genegav (Persian: گن گاو‎, also Romanized as Genegāv) is a village in Banestan Rural District, in the Central District of Behabad County, Yazd Province, Iran.	Genegav	Banestan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The former Grace Church Rectory is a historic church rectory and house at 301 Broad Street in Windsor, Connecticut.	Grace Church Rectory	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Westfield North County, formerly North County Fair, is a shopping mall in Escondido, California owned and operated by Westfield Group.	Westfield North County	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Holmdel Arboretum (9 ha / 22 acres), also known as the David C. Shaw Arboretum, is an arboretum located in Holmdel Park, on Longstreet Road in Holmdel Township, New Jersey.	Holmdel Arboretum	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chaman Zamin (Persian: چمن زمين‎, also Romanized as Chaman Zamīn; also known as Chinamzami) is a village in Mavazekhan-e Shomali Rural District, Khvajeh District, Heris County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Chaman Zamin	Mavazekhan-e Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kensington Market is a distinctive multicultural neighbourhood in Downtown Toronto, Ontario, Canada.	Kensington Market	Toronto
located in the administrative territorial entity	Korzecznik-Podlesie (kɔˈʐɛt͡ʂnik pɔdˈlɛɕɛ) (German: Unterwalden) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Babiak, within Koło County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Korzecznik-Podlesie	Gmina Babiak
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Saugeen Golf Club is located between the tourist towns of Southampton and Port Elgin in Bruce County, Ontario, Canada, situated on Lake Huron.	Saugeen Golf Club	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Puente de la Mujer (Spanish for ``Women's Bridge''), is a rotating footbridge for Dock 3 of the Puerto Madero commercial district of Buenos Aires, Argentina.	Puente de la Mujer	Buenos Aires
located in the administrative territorial entity	St. Walburga's Academy of the Society of the Holy Child Jesus is an historic academy located at 630 Riverside Drive and 140th Street in New York City.	St. Walburga's Academy	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nowsara (Persian: نوسرا‎, also Romanized as Nowsarā) is a village in Sarvelayat Rural District, Sarvelayat District, Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Nowsara	Sarvelayat Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chaft-e Kola (Persian: چفت كلا‎, also Romanized as Chaft-e Kolā; also known as Chāfteh Kolā) is a village in Balatajan Rural District, in the Central District of Qaem Shahr County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Chaft-e Kola	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nanying Township (Chinese: 南营乡) is a township-level division of Lingshou County, Shijiazhuang, Hebei, China.	Nanying Township	Lingshou County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Umetić is a village in the Donji Kukuruzari municipality in central Croatia.	Umetić	Donji Kukuruzari
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chalon-sur-Saône (French pronunciation: ​(ʃa.lɔ̃.syʁ.son)) is a commune in the Saône-et-Loire department in the region of Burgundy in eastern France.	Chalon-sur-Saône	Saône-et-Loire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Addison Trail High School (ATHS) is a public four-year high school in DuPage County, located approximately half a mile east of Interstate 355 at the intersection of Army Trail Road and Lombard Road in Addison, Illinois, a western suburb of Chicago, Illinois, in the United States.	Addison Trail High School	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	WBHT, known on air as ``97 BHT'', is a top 40 radio station serving the Scranton, Pennsylvania area.	WBHT	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qeshlaq-e Barandaq (Persian: قشلاق برندق‎, also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Barandaq; also known as Qeshlāq) is a village in Khvoresh Rostam-e Jonubi Rural District, Khvoresh Rostam District, Khalkhal County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Qeshlaq-e Barandaq	Khvoresh Rostam-e Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darman (Persian: درمان‎, also Romanized as Darmān) is a village in Akhtachi-ye Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Mahabad County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Darman	Akhtachi-ye Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Whitestone Cliffs Trail is a Blue-Blazed hiking trail in the Waterbury area in Thomaston and Plymouth, Litchfield County, Connecticut.	Whitestone Cliffs Trail	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hostětice (Czech pronunciation: (ˈɦoscɛcɪtsɛ)) is a village and municipality (obec) in Jihlava District in the Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic.	Hostětice	Jihlava District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bujnice (bui̯ˈnit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gorzkowice, within Piotrków County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Bujnice	Gmina Gorzkowice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Iffley Road is a major arterial road in Oxford, England.	Iffley Road	Oxford
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gorzędów-Kolonia (ɡɔˈʐɛnduf kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gorzkowice, within Piotrków County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Gorzędów-Kolonia	Gmina Gorzkowice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mülln (Bavarian: ``Mijn'' or ``Mün'') is a small neighborhood in Salzburg, Austria surrounded by the Salzach River and neighborhoods Lehen, Riedenburg and Maxglan.	Mülln	Salzburg
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bergisches Land (Country of Berg or Land of Berg) is a low mountain range region within the state of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany, east of Rhine river, south of the Ruhr.	Bergisches Land	North Rhine-Westphalia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qolqoleh-ye Chatan (Persian: قلقله چتان‎, also Romanized as Qolqoleh-ye Chatān; also known as Qolqoleh, Qolqoleh-ye Chatāq, Qūl Qīyeh, and Qulqulleh) is a village in Sarab Qamish Rural District, in the Central District of Sanandaj County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Qolqoleh-ye Chatan	Sarab Qamish Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hajj Naj (Persian: حج نج‎, also Romanized as Ḩājj Naj) is a village in Fasharud Rural District, in the Central District of Birjand County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Hajj Naj	Fasharud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Archbishop MacDonald High School is an academic high school in Edmonton, Alberta.	Archbishop MacDonald High School	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Santa Fe Terminal Complex is an 18-acre (73,000 m2) complex of historic buildings in the Government District of downtown Dallas, Texas (USA).	Santa Fe Terminal Complex	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Dakin Building is an architectural award-winning class A office building on the San Francisco Bay in Brisbane, California.	Dakin Building	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Adams County School District 12, commonly known as the Adams 12 Five Star Schools, is a public school district located in western Adams County, Colorado, United States.	Adams 12 Five Star Schools	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Harinavi is a town and a municipality under Sonarpur police station of Baruipur subdivision in South 24 Parganas district in the Indian state of West Bengal.	Harinavi	South 24 Parganas district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Verhivtsi (Ukrainian: Верхівці, Polish: Rajtarowice) is a village (selo) in Sambir Raion, Lviv Oblast, in south-west Ukraine.	Verhivtsi	Sambir Raion
located in the administrative territorial entity	Łychów (ˈwɨxuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jasieniec, within Grójec County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Łychów	Gmina Jasieniec
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Gov. William Aiken House, also known as the Aiken-Rhett House, or the Robinson-Aiken House, is a home built in 1820 at 48 Elizabeth Street in Charleston, South Carolina.	Gov. William Aiken House	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jenin (/dʒəˈniːn/; Arabic: جنين ‎ Ǧinīn) is a Palestinian city in the northern West Bank.	Jenin	West Bank
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Nullica River is an intermittently closed semi-mature saline coastal lagoon or perennial river, located in the South Coast region of New South Wales, Australia.	Nullica River	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barwino (barˈvinɔ) (German: Barvin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kępice, within Słupsk County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Barwino	Gmina Kępice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Millwood High School is a public secondary school in Middle Sackville, Nova Scotia that offers a post-secondary preparation program for students in grades nine through twelve.	Millwood High School	Nova Scotia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pasaki (Persian: پسكي‎, also Romanized as Pasakī) is a village in Jowzar Rural District, in the Central District of Mamasani County, Fars Province, Iran.	Pasaki	Jowzar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rai Oi (Thai: ไร่อ้อย) is a village and tambon (subdistrict) of Phichai District, in Uttaradit Province, Thailand.	Rai Oi	Phichai
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ujelang Atoll (Marshallese: Wūjlan̄, (u̯u͡izʲ(e)lʲæ͡ɑŋ)) is a coral atoll of 30 islands in the Pacific Ocean, in the Ralik Chain of the Marshall Islands.	Ujelang Atoll	Marshall Islands
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darz and Sayeban Rural District (Persian: دهستان درزوسابيان‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Larestan County, Fars Province, Iran.	Darz and Sayeban Rural District	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ganguru is an out growth to Vijayawada in Krishna district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.	Ganguru	Andhra Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nowe Rowiska (ˈnɔvɛ rɔˈviska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skierniewice, within Skierniewice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Nowe Rowiska	Gmina Skierniewice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dal Pescatore is a restaurant in Canneto sull'Oglio, Italy south of the city of Mantua.	Dal Pescatore	Mantua
located in the administrative territorial entity	Toszowice (tɔʂɔˈvit͡sɛ) (German: Töschwitz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rudna, within Lubin County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Toszowice	Gmina Rudna
located in the administrative territorial entity	Simonds Tavern is an historic tavern building on 331 Bedford Street in Lexington, Massachusetts.	Simonds Tavern	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nice Côte d'Azur Airport (French: Aéroport Nice Côte d'Azur) (IATA: NCE, ICAO: LFMN) is an international airport located 3.2 NM (5.9 km; 3.7 mi) southwest of Nice, in the Alpes-Maritimes départment of France.	Nice Côte d'Azur Airport	Alpes-Maritimes
located in the administrative territorial entity	Winnecunnet Pond or Winneconnet Pond or Winnecunnett Pond, very often called Lake Winnecunnet or Lake Winneconnet or Lake Winnecunnett although it is a pond rather than a lake, is a body of water in Norton, Massachusetts, United States.	Winnecunnet Pond	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Livarjan (Persian: ليوارجان‎, also Romanized as Līvārjān; also known as Līvār) is a village in Ersi Rural District, in the Central District of Jolfa County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Livarjan	Ersi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lesiew (ˈlɛɕɛf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała Rawska, within Rawa County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Lesiew	Gmina Biała Rawska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chah-e Asfuni (Persian: چاه اسفوني‎, also Romanized as Chāh-e Āsfūnī) is a village in Pas Kalut Rural District, in the Central District of Gonabad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Chah-e Asfuni	Pas Kalut Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fallersleben Castle (German: Schloss Fallersleben) is located in Wolfsburg in the German state of Lower Saxony and, together with Neuhaus and Wolfsburg Castles, is one of the most important historic buildings in the town.	Fallersleben Castle	Wolfsburg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Varmaqan (Persian: ورمقان‎, also Romanized as Varmaqān and Warmaqān; also known as Varmaghān, Varmakān, and Vazmakān) is a village in Bavaleh Rural District, in the Central District of Sonqor County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Varmaqan	Bavaleh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Edwin Abbot House, also known as the Zabriskie House, is an historic house at 1 Follen Street in Cambridge, Massachusetts.	Edwin Abbot House	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bar Aftab-e Shirani (Persian: برافتاب شيراني‎, also Romanized as Bar Āftāb-e Shīrānī) is a village in Milas Rural District, in the Central District of Lordegan County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Bar Aftab-e Shirani	Milas Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alum Rock Park, founded in 1872, was the first municipal park in the U.S. state of California.	Alum Rock Park	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Banfill Tavern, also known as the Locke House, is a building in Fridley, Minnesota, United States, listed on the National Register of Historic Places.	Banfill Tavern	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chhindwara district (Hindi: छिन्दवाड़ा जिला) is one of the districts of Madhya Pradesh state of India, and Chhindwara town is the district headquarters.	Chhindwara district	Madhya Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Laan van Meerdervoort (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈlaːn vɑn ˈmeːrdərvoːrt)) is an avenue in The Hague.	Laan van Meerdervoort	The Hague
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deh Firuzvand-e Vosta (Persian: ده فروزوند وسطي‎, also Romanized as Deh Fīrūzvand-e Vosţá; also known as Deh Fīrūzeh Vand, Dehfīrūzvand, Deh Forūzvand-e Vostá, and Fīrūzmand) is a village in Nurali Rural District, in the Central District of Delfan County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Deh Firuzvand-e Vosta	Nurali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chaumont Railroad Station is a historic railway station located at Chaumont in Jefferson County, New York.	Chaumont Railroad Station	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Anna Independent School District is a public school district based in Anna, Texas (USA).	Anna Independent School District	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Haji Akbar (Persian: حاجی اکبر ‎) is a village in Ladiz Rural District, in the Nosratabad of Zahedan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Haji Akbar	Ladiz Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Reid Gardner Generating Station is a 557 megawatt coal fired plant on 480 acres (190 ha) located near Moapa, Nevada.	Reid Gardner Generating Station	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	WFLL (1400 AM; ``Nossa Rádio 1400'') is a radio station in Fort Lauderdale, Florida, serving the Miami-Fort Lauderdale radio market.	WFLL	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Michałów Dolny (miˈxawuf ˈdɔlnɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warka, within Grójec County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Michałów Dolny	Gmina Warka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Babelsberg is the largest district of the Brandenburg capital Potsdam in Germany.	Babelsberg	Potsdam
located in the administrative territorial entity	Boston University (most commonly referred to as BU or otherwise known as Boston U.) is a private research university located in Boston, Massachusetts.	Boston University	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zářecká Lhota (Lhota Zářecká on 1897 Austro-Hungarian 200K map) is a village and municipality (obec) in the Ústí nad Orlicí District, Pardubice Region of the Czech Republic.	Zářecká Lhota	Ústí nad Orlicí District
located in the administrative territorial entity	St. Clair County International Airport (IATA: PHN, ICAO: KPHN) is a public airport owned by the government of St. Clair County, Michigan, US.	St. Clair County International Airport	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Tatoosh Range is a mountain range located in Mount Rainier National Park and the adjacent Tatoosh Wilderness in the state of Washington, in the Pacific Northwest region of the United States.	Tatoosh Range	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Springtown, Pennsylvania is an unincorporated community in Springfield Township in extreme northern Bucks County, at the junction of Routes 212 and 412 and is drained by the Cooks Creek east into the Delaware River.	Springtown, Pennsylvania	Bucks County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Craig Pass (el.8,262 feet (2,518 m)), is a mountain pass located on the Continental Divide in Yellowstone National Park in Wyoming.	Craig Pass	Wyoming
located in the administrative territorial entity	Somersal Herbert is a hamlet in Derbyshire, England, 2 miles northeast of Doveridge.	Somersal Herbert	Derbyshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aghuzbon Kand Sar (Persian: اغوزبن كندسر‎, also Romanized as Āghūzbon Kand Sar; also known as Āghūzbon Kandeh and Āghūzbon Kandeh Sar) is a village in Eshkevar-e Sofla Rural District, Rahimabad District, Rudsar County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Aghuzbon Kand Sar	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Manchirevula is a village and panchayat it falls under Rajendranagar mandal in Ranga Reddy district, Telangana, India.	Manchirevula	Telangana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Radiator Springs Racers is a simulated slot car type dark ride attraction in Cars Land at Disney California Adventure.	Radiator Springs Racers	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kępeczki (kɛmˈpɛt͡ʂki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kozienice, within Kozienice County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Kępeczki	Gmina Kozienice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Merlon Mountain is a mountain in the Waddington Range of southwestern British Columbia, Canada.	Merlon Mountain	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vashin Chat (Persian: وشين چات‎, also Romanized as Vashīn Chāt and Vashīn Chat; also known as Vashīn Chāh) is a village in Talang Rural District, Talang District, Qasr-e Qand County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Vashin Chat	Qasr-e Qand County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lock No. 1, North New River Canal (also known as Sewall Lock or Davie-Sewall Lock or Lock #4, North New River Canal) which opened in 1912 is a historic lock located between Davie and Plantation, Florida, USA.	Lock No. 1, North New River Canal	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khurzan (Persian: خورزان‎, also Romanized as Khūrzān; also known as Khowzrān) is a village in Qohab-e Rastaq Rural District, Amirabad District, Damghan County, Semnan Province, Iran.	Khurzan	Qohab-e Rastaq Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Upper Castra is a small village outside Ulverstone in Tasmania.	Upper Castra	Tasmania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Camaldoli is a frazione of the comune of Poppi, in Tuscany, Italy.	Camaldoli	Poppi
located in the administrative territorial entity	Y Garn Goch is a hill in the Brecon Beacons National Park (Parc Cenedlaethol Bannau Brycheiniog) in the east of Carmarthenshire, Wales.	Y Garn Goch	Carmarthenshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tamentit (تامنطيت) (sometimes spelled Tamantit) is a town and commune or municipality in Fenoughil District of Adrar Province, in south-central Algeria.	Tamentit	Fenoughil District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mark O. Hatfield Library is the main library at Willamette University in Salem, Oregon, United States.	Mark O. Hatfield Library	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	WGVV-LP (92.5 FM, ``Groove 92.5'') is a low-power FM radio station licensed to serve the community of Rock Island, Illinois.	WGVV-LP	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chahar Gav Bandi (Persian: چهارگاوبندي‎, also Romanized as Chahār Gāv Bandī) is a village in Eslamabad Rural District, in the Central District of Jiroft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Chahar Gav Bandi	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Nemours Mansion and Gardens is a 300-acre (120 ha) country estate with jardin à la française formal gardens and a classical French mansion in Wilmington, Delaware.	Nemours Mansion and Gardens	Delaware
located in the administrative territorial entity	Abu ol Verdi Rural District (Persian: دهستان ابوالوردئ‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Hakhamanish District, Pasargad County, Fars Province, Iran.	Abu ol Verdi Rural District	Hakhamanish District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mian Mil (Persian: ميان ميل‎, also Romanized as Mīān Mīl, Meyān Mīl, and Mīānmīl) is a village in Howmeh-ye Sarpol Rural District, in the Central District of Sarpol-e Zahab County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Mian Mil	Kermanshah Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The United States Army Aviation Museum is an aviation museum located on Fort Rucker near Ozark, Alabama.	United States Army Aviation Museum	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dzielawy (d͡ʑeˈlavɨ) (German Dzielau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Polska Cerekiew, within Kędzierzyn-Koźle County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Dzielawy	Gmina Polska Cerekiew
located in the administrative territorial entity	Castel Condino or ``The Cheen Castle'', is a comune (municipality) in Trentino in the northern Italian region Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol, located about 45 kilometres (28 mi) southwest of Trento.	Castel Condino	Trentino
located in the administrative territorial entity	Niedźwiedziówka (ɲɛd͡ʑvjɛˈd͡ʑufka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stegna, within Nowy Dwór Gdański County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Niedźwiedziówka	Gmina Stegna
located in the administrative territorial entity	WDNT (1280 AM) is an American radio station licensed to serve the community of Dayton, the county seat of Rhea County, Tennessee.	WDNT	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Trzebica (tʂɛˈbit͡sa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pacanów, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Trzebica	Gmina Pacanów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kaplonosy-Kolonia (kaplɔˈnɔsɨ kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wyryki, within Włodawa County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Kaplonosy-Kolonia	Gmina Wyryki
located in the administrative territorial entity	The John C. Bell House is a historic house located at 229 S. 22nd St. in the Rittenhouse Square neighborhood of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.	John C. Bell House	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Glücksburg (Danish: Lyksborg) is a small town in the district Schleswig-Flensburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.	Glücksburg	Schleswig-Flensburg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fillmore High School, referred to as Fillmore High or FHS, is a public four-year high school serving grades 9-12 in Fillmore, California that opened in 1909.	Fillmore High School	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chadiwal is a village in the Sirsa district of the Indian state of Haryana.	Chadiwal	Sirsa	Haryana
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Agatha A. Durland Scout Reservation is a Scout camp owned by the Westchester-Putnam Council in Putnam Valley, New York.	Durland Scout Reservation	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Trillium Health Centre is a hospital serving the residents of central and south Mississauga and south Etobicoke (now the western part of the City of Toronto) in Ontario, Canada, and has campuses located in Mississauga and Etobicoke/West Toronto.	Trillium Health Centre	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wattisham is a civil parish near to the town of Stowmarket in Suffolk, England.	Wattisham	Suffolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gird Baragaon is situated at Sant Ravidas Nagar in Uttar Pradesh.	Gird Baragaon	Uttar Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pennsylvania Route 837, which runs through the town of Homestead also connects drivers to The Waterfront via Amity Street and Waterfront Drive.	The Waterfront	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cassia National Forest was established as the Cassia Forest Reserve in Idaho by the U.S. Forest Service on June 12, 1905 with 326,260 acres (1,320.3 km2).	Cassia National Forest	Idaho
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khaku (Persian: خاكو‎, also Romanized as Khākū) is a village in Abaru Rural District, in the Central District of Hamadan County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Khaku	Abaru Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Benjamin Bowen House, also known as ``What Cheer Hall,'' is a historic home located at Newport in Herkimer County, New York.	Benjamin Bowen House	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rolleston on Dove, also known simply as Rolleston, is a village in Staffordshire, England near Burton upon Trent.	Rolleston on Dove	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pazik Kheyl (Persian: پازيك خيل‎, also Romanized as Pāzīk Kheyl) is a village in Talarpey Rural District, in the Central District of Simorgh County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Pazik Kheyl	Mazandaran Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Majri Kalan is a village in Behror tehsil, Alwar district, in the state of Rajasthan, India.	Majri Kalan	Alwar district	Rajasthan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fort Foster (now known as Fort Foster Historic Site) was a fort in central Florida, located 9 miles (5.6 km) south of current-day Zephyrhills in Pasco County.	Fort Foster	Pasco County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fil de Dragiva is a mountain of the Lepontine Alps, located between Rossa and Soazza, in the Swiss canton of Graubünden.	Fil de Dragiva	Graubünden
located in the administrative territorial entity	The International School of Denver (formerly the Denver Montclair International School) is a private school offering accredited, full language immersion in French, Spanish and Mandarin in the Lowry neighborhood of Denver, Colorado, United States.	International School of Denver	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bijuri is a city and a Municipality in Anuppur district in the state of Madhya Pradesh, India.	Bijuri	Anuppur district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Penafiel (Portuguese pronunciation: (pɨnɐfiˈɛɫ) or (ˌpenɐfiˈɛɫ)) is a municipality in Porto District in the North of Portugal.	Penafiel	Porto District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cecil Recreation Complex at the Cecil Commerce Center is a comprehensive recreational facility on the west side of Jacksonville, Florida.	Cecil Recreation Complex	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Beechworth Secondary College is a state secondary college located in the old gold mining town of Beechworth, Victoria which is located in the north east of the state near the border of Victoria and New South Wales.	Beechworth Secondary College	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Truth or Consequences Municipal Airport (IATA: TCS, ICAO: KTCS, FAA LID: TCS) is a public-use airport located six miles (10 km) north of Truth or Consequences, a city in Sierra County, New Mexico, United States.	Truth or Consequences Municipal Airport	New Mexico
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kamienice (kamjɛˈnit͡sɛ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Malbork, within Malbork County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Kamienice	Gmina Malbork
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kozhevnia (Ukrainian: Кожевня) is a rural settlement in Shakhtarsk Raion, Donetsk Oblast, eastern Ukraine.	Kozhevnia	Shakhtarsk Raion
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yarem Tappeh (Persian: يارم تپه‎, also Romanized as Yārem Tappeh) is a village in Tamran Rural District, in the Central District of Kalaleh County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Yarem Tappeh	Tamran Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pinnacle Airlines Flight 3701 (ICAO: FLG3701, IATA: 9E3701, or Flagship 3701) crashed on October 14, 2004, near Jefferson City, Missouri, United States.	Pinnacle Airlines Flight 3701	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Spręcowo (sprɛnˈt͡sɔvɔ) (German Spiegelberg) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dywity, within Olsztyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Spręcowo	Gmina Dywity
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sahanleh (Persian: سهنله‎) is a village in Ab Barik Rural District, in the Central District of Sonqor County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Sahanleh	Ab Barik Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mantash (Persian: منطش‎, also Romanized as Manţash) is a village in Khararud Rural District, in the Central District of Khodabandeh County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Mantash	Khararud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kunjithai (meaning ``small coconut tree'' in Malayalam) is a small village in Paravur Taluk, Ernakulam district in the state of Kerala, India.	Kunjithai	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lake Clarendon Dam is a rock and earth-fill embankment dam with an un-gated spillway located off-stream in the South East region of Queensland, Australia.	Lake Clarendon Dam	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Saguaro National Park is located in southern Arizona on the outskirts of Tucson and is a part of the United States National Park System.	Saguaro National Park	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Wupper-Express (RE 4) is a Regional-Express service in the German state of North Rhine-Westphalia (NRW) running from Aachen via Mönchengladbach, Düsseldorf, Wuppertal, Hagen to Dortmund.	Wupper-Express	Düsseldorf
located in the administrative territorial entity	Misown (Persian: ميسون‎, also Romanized as Mīsown, Mūsīūn, Mesīūn, and Mūsīyon) is a village in Zaz-e Gharbi Rural District, Zaz va Mahru District, Aligudarz County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Misown	Zaz-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Luna Jacal or Luna's Jacal was the residence of Gilberto Luna, a Mexican pioneer farmer in the area of Texas that would become Big Bend National Park.	Luna Jacal	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Anbarabad County (Persian: شهرستان عنبرآباد‎‎) is a county in Kerman Province in Iran.	Anbarabad County	Kerman Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sgat Mòr and Sgat Beag are two small islands that lie off the Cowal peninsula on the west coast of Scotland.	Sgat Mòr and Sgat Beag	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rhossili (Welsh: Rhosili) is a small village and community on the southwestern tip of the Gower Peninsula in Swansea.	Rhossili	Swansea
located in the administrative territorial entity	Karijgan (Persian: كارجگان‎, also Romanized as Kārījgān, Gārījgān, Gārchgan, Gārejgān, and Gārijgān; also known as Mobārakābād) is a village in Jolgeh-e Mazhan Rural District, Jolgeh-e Mazhan District, Khusf County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Karijgan	Jolgeh-e Mazhan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kwasków (ˈkfaskuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błaszki, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Kwasków	Gmina Błaszki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brinklow is a village and parish in the Rugby district of Warwickshire, England.	Brinklow	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Steese Highway (known as the Steese Expressway within Fairbanks) is a highway in the Interior region of the U.S. state of Alaska that extends 161 miles (259 km) from Fairbanks to Circle, a town on the Yukon River about 50 miles (80 km) south of the Arctic Circle.	Steese Highway	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Skaneateles Lake (/ˌskæniˈætləs/ or local /ˌskɪniˈætləs/) is one of the Finger Lakes in central New York in the United States.	Skaneateles Lake	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	KPUR-FM (107.1 FM), branded as ``107.1 The Armadillo'', is a radio station serving the Amarillo, Texas, area with a country music format.	KPUR-FM	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The station is licensed to Pawhuska, Oklahoma, USA, and is currently owned by Potter Radio, LLC. In addition to being heard at 1500 AM and Bartlesvilleradio.com, KPGM simulcasts on 100.1 HD-2 channel.	KPGM	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Obice (ɔˈbit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Morawica, within Kielce County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Obice	Gmina Morawica
located in the administrative territorial entity	Noonday Creek Structure Number 4 is an earthen dam on Noonday Creek regulated by the Georgia Safe Dams Program, located west of Noonday Creek Park.	Noonday Creek Structure Number 4	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Słoszewy (swɔˈʂɛvɨ) (German: Schlossau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bobrowo, within Brodnica County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Słoszewy	Gmina Bobrowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tarutung (Dutch: Taroetoeng) is a town in the Tapanuli Utara district and the seat (capital) of North Tapanuli Regency, North Sumatra, Sumatra, Indonesia.	Tarutung	North Tapanuli Regency
located in the administrative territorial entity	Luce County Airport (ICAO: KERY, FAA LID: ERY) is a county-owned public-use airport located three miles southeast of the central business district of Newberry, a city in Luce County, Michigan, United States.	Luce County Airport	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Pulaski Expressway (or alternatively the Tacony Expressway or Tacony Creek Parkway) was a proposed expressway to have been given the designation Pennsylvania Route 90.	Pulaski Expressway	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Monte Verità (literally Hill of Truth) is a hill (350 meters or 1,150 feet high) in Ascona (Swiss canton of Ticino), which has served as the site of many different Utopian and cultural events and communities since the beginning of the twentieth century.	Monte Verità	Ascona	Ticino
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cheshmeh-ye Khanom (Persian: چشمه خانم‎, also Romanized as Cheshmeh-ye Khānom) is a village in Borun Rural District, in the Central District of Ferdows County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Cheshmeh-ye Khanom	Borun Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pukawica (pukaˈvit͡sa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zelów, within Bełchatów County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Pukawica	Gmina Zelów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vermont Law School (VLS) is a private, American Bar Association‑accredited law school located in South Royalton, Vermont.	Vermont Law School	South Royalton, Vermont
located in the administrative territorial entity	Macon State College was a four-year state college unit of the University System of Georgia.	Macon State College	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cleveland Community College is a community college located in Cleveland County, North Carolina.	Cleveland Community College	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gerakeh (Persian: گراكه‎, also Romanized as Gerākeh; also known as Gerāgeh) is a village in Pir Bazar Rural District, in the Central District of Rasht County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Gerakeh	Pir Bazar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Château du Clos Lucé (or simply Clos Lucé) is a small château in the city of Amboise, France.	Clos Lucé	Amboise
located in the administrative territorial entity	Temple Ohabei Shalom Cemetery is a historic Jewish cemetery located at 147 Wordsworth Street in East Boston, Massachusetts.	Temple Ohabei Shalom Cemetery	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Podsokołda-Gajówka (pɔtsɔˈkɔu̯da ɡaˈjufka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Supraśl, within Białystok County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Podsokołda-Gajówka	Gmina Supraśl
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chandel district (Pron:/ˌtʃænˈdɛl/) (formerly known as Tengnoupal district) is one of the 9 districts of Manipur state in northeastern India.	Chandel district	Manipur
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dębówko Stare (dɛmˈbufkɔ ˈstarɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Białośliwie, within Piła County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Dębówko Stare	Gmina Białośliwie
located in the administrative territorial entity	San Vincenzo al Volturno is an historic Benedictine monastery located in the territories of the Comunes of Castel San Vincenzo and Rocchetta a Volturno, in the Province of Isernia, near the source of the river Volturno in Italy.	San Vincenzo al Volturno	Castel San Vincenzo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pledgdon Green or Pledgdon or Prison Green is a hamlet in the parish of Henham, in the Uttlesford district of Essex, England.	Pledgdon Green	Essex
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zareh Marg (Persian: زره مرگ‎; also known as Zīr Marg) is a village in Bask-e Kuleseh Rural District, in the Central District of Sardasht County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Zareh Marg	Bask-e Kuleseh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alewa is a village in Jind district, Haryana, northern India, with a population of nearly 18,000.	Alewa	Haryana
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Gruwell and Crew General Store is one of the oldest buildings in West Branch, Iowa.	Gruwell and Crew General Store	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pir Hajat (Persian: پيرحاجات‎, also Romanized as Pīr Ḩājāt and Pir-i-Hajat; also known as Pīr Hāji and Pir Hajji) is a village in Pir Hajat Rural District, in the Central District of Tabas County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Pir Hajat	South Khorasan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	O.H.P. Tanner House, locally known as the Old Courthouse, is a historic home located at La Crosse, Mecklenburg County, Virginia.	O.H.P. Tanner House	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Marksa is a village in Audru Parish, Pärnu County, in southwestern Estonia, on the coast of Pärnu Bay (part of the Gulf of Riga).	Marksa	Audru Parish
located in the administrative territorial entity	Assel (Luxembourgish: Aassel) is a village in the commune of Bous, in south-eastern Luxembourg.	Assel	Bous
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Meiselberg is a hill in the 19th district of Vienna, Döbling.	Meiselberg	Vienna
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Charles T. Terrell Unit is a Texas Department of Criminal Justice prison located in unincorporated Brazoria County, Texas.	Terrell Unit	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mehkuyeh-ye Sofla (Persian: مهكويه سفلي‎, also Romanized as Mehkūyeh-ye Soflá; also known as Mehkūyeh-ye Pāeen) is a village in Khvajehei Rural District, Meymand District, Firuzabad County, Fars Province, Iran.	Mehkuyeh-ye Sofla	Khvajehei Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Złotniki Małe-Kolonia (zwɔtˈniki ˈmawɛ kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stawiszyn, within Kalisz County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Złotniki Małe-Kolonia	Gmina Stawiszyn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Phichai, Lampang (Thai: พิชัย) is a tambon (subdistrict) of Mueang Lampang District, in Lampang Province, Thailand.In 2005 it had a total population of 21,058 people.	Phichai, Lampang	Mueang Lampang
located in the administrative territorial entity	Piszczaty-Piotrowięta (piʂˈt͡ʂatɨ pjɔtrɔˈvjɛnta) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kobylin-Borzymy, within Wysokie Mazowieckie County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Piszczaty-Piotrowięta	Gmina Kobylin-Borzymy
located in the administrative territorial entity	Morro Bay State Park is a state park on the Morro Bay lagoon, in western San Luis Obispo County, central California.	Morro Bay State Park	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	CJLU-FM is a Canadian radio station, broadcasting a Christian programming format at 93.9 FM in Dartmouth, Nova Scotia with a repeater in Wolfville at 88.3 FM with the callsign CJLU-FM-1.	CJLU-FM	Nova Scotia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chakki Mod (also called Chakki Morh or Chakki Mor or Chakki Modh) is a village situated in Solan District, Himachal Pradesh.	Chakki Mod	Himachal Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Napton-on-the-Hill, (often referred to locally as just Napton), is a village and civil parish 3 miles (4.8 km) east of Southam in Warwickshire, England.	Napton-on-the-Hill	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	South Slough National Estuarine Research Reserve (SSNERR) is a 4,770-acre (19 km2) National Estuarine Research Reserve located on Coos Bay Estuary, in the U.S. state of Oregon.	South Slough National Estuarine Research Reserve	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vint Hill Farms Station (VHFS) was a United States Army and National Security Agency (NSA) signals intelligence and electronic warfare facility located in Fauquier County, Virginia, near Warrenton.	Vint Hill Farms Station	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Méribel refers to three neighbouring villages in the Les Allues commune of the Savoie département of France, near the town of Moûtiers (45.401°N 6.5655°E), called Méribel Centre, Méribel-Mottaret and Méribel Village.	Méribel	Les Allues
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gałków Duży (ˈɡau̯kuf ˈduʐɨ) (1943--1945German Galkau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koluszki, within Łódź East County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Gałków Duży	Gmina Koluszki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Smith Memorial Student Union is a student union building located on the Portland State University campus in Portland, Oregon, in the United States.	Smith Memorial Student Union	Portland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qaleh Valianeh (Persian: قلعه وليانه‎, also Romanized as Qal``eh Valīāneh) is a village in Saral Rural District, Saral District, Divandarreh County, Kurdistan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 260, in 41 families.	Qaleh Valianeh	Saral Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Berjui (Persian: برجوئي‎, also Romanized as Berjū’ī and Barjū’ī) is a village in Khanmirza Rural District, Khanmirza District, Lordegan County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Berjui	Khanmirza Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stadion-Warthausen was a county located in around Warthausen in western Baden-Württemberg, Germany.	Stadion-Warthausen	Baden-Württemberg
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Murrawarri Republic is a micronation that declared its independence from Australia in 2013, claiming territory straddling the border of the states of New South Wales-Queensland within Australia.	Murrawarri Republic	New South Wales	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kashfi (Persian: كشفي‎, also Romanized as Kashfī and Keshefi) is a village in Virmuni Rural District, in the Central District of Astara County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Kashfi	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Vanguard Formation Lateral reaches a maximum thickness of 180 metres (590 ft) in the Williston Basin along the Saskatchewan/Montana border.	Vanguard Formation	Saskatchewan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Donji Drežanj (Serbian Cyrillic: Доњи Дрежањ) is a village in the municipality of Nevesinje, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Donji Drežanj	Nevesinje
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bastøy Lighthouse (Norwegian: Bastøy fyr) is a coastal lighthouse in the municipality of Horten in Vestfold, Norway.	Bastøy Lighthouse	Horten
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Monger (Noongar:Keiermulu) is a large urban wetland on the Swan Coastal Plain in suburban Perth, Western Australia nestled between the suburbs of Leederville, Wembley and Glendalough.	Lake Monger	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	History of Renault 1898-1975, Tommy Lind's Renault Website Video of ``Rue Lepic'' on YouTube Dictionnaire historique des rues de Paris Paris Guide 1807 - Librairie Internationale	Rue Lepic	Paris Paris
located in the administrative territorial entity	Opeongo River Provincial Park is a non-operating waterway park in Nipissing District in northeastern Ontario, Canada.	Opeongo River Provincial Park	Nipissing District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wyevale (Boker Field) Airport, (TC LID: CNL8), is located 2 nautical miles (3.7 km; 2.3 mi) east of Wyevale, Ontario, Canada.	Wyevale (Boker Field) Airport	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Federal Prison Camp, Yankton (FPC Yankton) is a minimum-security United States federal prison for male inmates in Yankton, South Dakota.	Federal Prison Camp, Yankton	South Dakota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Congregational Church of Ada (also known as Memorial Educational Museum ; Norman County Historical Society) is a historic church on E. 2nd Avenue and 1st Street in Ada, Minnesota.	Congregational Church of Ada	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ashby Gap, more commonly known as Ashby's Gap is a wind gap in the Blue Ridge Mountains on the border of Clarke County, Loudoun County and Fauquier County in Virginia.	Ashby Gap	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Kay Bailey Hutchison Convention Center (originally the Dallas Memorial Auditorium and formerly Dallas Convention Center) is a convention center in the Convention Center District of downtown Dallas, Texas.	Kay Bailey Hutchison Convention Center	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Casparus F. Pruyn House is a historic home located in the hamlet of Newtonville within the town of Colonie in Albany County, New York.	Casparus F. Pruyn House	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stajenczynki (stajɛnˈt͡ʂɨŋki) (German: Steinwiese) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Obrowo, within Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Stajenczynki	Gmina Obrowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khataylu (Persian: خطايلو‎, also Romanized as Khaţāylū) is a village in Baranduz Rural District, in the Central District of Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Khataylu	Baranduz Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pir Ghani (Persian: پيرغني‎‎, also Romanized as Pīr Ghanī; also known as Kokh-e Pīr Ghanī) is a village in Buin Rural District, Nanur District, Baneh County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Pir Ghani	Buin Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wolnica Grabowska (vɔlˈnit͡sa ɡraˈbɔfska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Burzenin, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Wolnica Grabowska	Gmina Burzenin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Geyeh Dar (Persian: گيه در‎; also known as Gedar) is a village in Osmanvand Rural District, Firuzabad District, Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Geyeh Dar	Osmanvand Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zvezdara (Serbian Cyrillic: Звездара, pronounced (zv̞ě̞zdara)) is a hilly, forestry urban neighborhood and one of 17 municipalities which constitute City of Belgrade, the capital of Serbia.	Zvezdara	Belgrade
located in the administrative territorial entity	Guilden Morden, England, is a village and parish located in Cambridgeshire about 16 miles (26 km) south west of Cambridge and 5 miles (8 km) west of Royston in Hertfordshire.	Guilden Morden	Cambridgeshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ostrzeszów-Pustkowie (ɔsˈtʂɛʂuf pustˈkɔvjɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostrzeszów, within Ostrzeszów County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Ostrzeszów-Pustkowie	Gmina Ostrzeszów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Xintun Subdistrict (Chinese: 新屯街道; pinyin: Xīntún Jiēdào) is a subdistrict of Dongzhou District, Fushun, Liaoning province, People's Republic of China.	Xintun Subdistrict	Dongzhou District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Atrab (Persian: اطرب‎, also Romanized as Aţrab) is a village in Qareh Toghan Rural District, in the Central District of Neka County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Atrab	Qareh Toghan Rural District	Mazandaran Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Padhiana is a village in the tehsil and district of Jalandhar, Punjab, India.	Padhiana	Punjab
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khong-e Bala (Persian: خنگ بالا‎, also Romanized as Khong-e Bālā and Khūng-e Bālā; also known as Khong, Khung, Khūnīk, and Khurg) is a village in Baqeran Rural District, in the Central District of Birjand County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Khong-e Bala	Baqeran Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lucy Drexel Dahlgren House is a historic home located at 15 East 96th Street between Fifth and Madison Avenues on the border between the Carnegie Hill and East Harlem neighborhoods of the Upper East Side of Manhattan, New York City.	Lucy Drexel Dahlgren House	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kearney Regional Airport (IATA: EAR, ICAO: KEAR, FAA LID: EAR) (formerly Kearney Municipal Airport) is in Buffalo County, Nebraska, five miles northeast of Kearney, which owns it.	Kearney Regional Airport	Nebraska
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Skull Tower (Serbian: Ćele kula, Ћеле Кула, pronounced (tɕel̩e kula)) is a tower composed largely of human skulls located in the city of Niš, Serbia.	Skull Tower	Niš
located in the administrative territorial entity	Strupczewo Duże (strupˈt͡ʂɛvɔ ˈduʐɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brudzeń Duży, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Strupczewo Duże	Gmina Brudzeń Duży
located in the administrative territorial entity	WJDX-FM (105.1 FM) is a classic hits station in Kosciusko, Mississippi, serving the Jackson, Mississippi area as ``105.1 The River''.	WJDX-FM	Mississippi
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dehnow-ye Herzang (Persian: دهنوهرزنگ‎; also known as Deh Now and Dehnow-ye Herzan) is a village in Jorjafak Rural District, in the Central District of Zarand County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Dehnow-ye Herzang	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Jesse R. Dawson State Jail (JD) is a co-gender state jail operated by the Corrections Corporation of America owned by the Texas Department of Criminal Justice (TDCJ).	Dawson State Jail	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kunamnenivaripalem is a village in Chimakurthy mandal, located in Prakasam district of Andhra Pradesh.	Kunamnenivaripalem	Andhra Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hemmingstedt is a German municipality in the district of Dithmarschen in the state of Schleswig-Holstein.	Hemmingstedt	Dithmarschen
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Coast Mountains are a major mountain range, in the Pacific Coast Ranges, of western North America, extending from southwestern Yukon through the Alaska Panhandle and virtually all of the Coast of British Columbia south to the Fraser River.	Coast Mountains	Yukon	Alaska	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cham Khusheh Safar Ali (Persian: چم خوشه صفرعلي‎, also Romanized as Cham Khūsheh Safar ʿAlī) is a village in Kashkan Rural District, Shahivand District, Dowreh County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Cham Khusheh Safar Ali	Kashkan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Słupce (ˈswupt͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała Rawska, within Rawa County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Słupce	Gmina Biała Rawska
located in the administrative territorial entity	The John Hancock Warehouse is a historic warehouse at 136 Lindsay Street in York, Maine.	John Hancock Warehouse	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kolonia Sulikowo (kɔˈlɔɲa sulʲiˈkɔvɔ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Barwice, within Szczecinek County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Kolonia Sulikowo	Gmina Barwice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stanford Viaduct is a railway viaduct in Leicestershire and Nottinghamshire.	Stanford Viaduct	Leicestershire	Nottinghamshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	KAOX formerly broadcast from a tower located northeast of Kemmerer, and with its 13,500 watt signal, covered much of southwestern Wyoming.	KAOX	Wyoming
located in the administrative territorial entity	Southern Wesleyan University is a four-year and graduate Christian college, with its main campus in Central, South Carolina.	Southern Wesleyan University	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Florence Y'all Water Tower is a water tower owned by the city of Florence, Kentucky, United States.	Florence Y'all Water Tower	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	Copiah-Lincoln Community College (Co-Lin) is a comprehensive public community college with its main campus located in Wesson, Mississippi, about 45 miles (72 km) south of Jackson, the state capitol and 145 miles (233 km) north of New Orleans.	Copiah-Lincoln Community College	Mississippi
located in the administrative territorial entity	St Sepulchre's Cemetery is located in Jericho, central Oxford, England.	St Sepulchre's Cemetery	Oxford
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wracławek (vrat͡sˈwavɛk) (German: Warzeln) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gardeja, within Kwidzyn County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Wracławek	Gmina Gardeja
located in the administrative territorial entity	Humula is a small country town between Tarcutta and Tumbarumba in New South Wales, Australia.	Humula	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sąpólko (sɔmˈpulkɔ) (German: Zampelkrug) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Resko, within Łobez County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Sąpólko	Gmina Resko
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pizgam (Persian: پيزگام‎, also Romanized as Pīzgām; also known as Pīzgān (Persian: پيزگان ) and Pīzgūn) is a village in Rahdar Rural District, in the Central District of Rudan County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Pizgam	Rahdar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Rio Grande Gorge Bridge, locally known as the ``Gorge Bridge'' and the ``High Bridge'', is a steel deck arch bridge across the Rio Grande Gorge 10 miles (16 km) northwest of Taos, New Mexico, United States.	Rio Grande Gorge Bridge	New Mexico
located in the administrative territorial entity	Doab-e Bilukher (Persian: دواب بيلوخر‎, also Romanized as Doāb Bīlūkher; also known as Doāb) is a village in Margown Rural District, Margown District, Boyer-Ahmad County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Doab-e Bilukher	Margown Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Whittier is a mountain in Carroll County, New Hampshire, in the northern Ossipee Mountains.	Mount Whittier	New Hampshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Numby Numby, also known as Nimby Nimby or Ngambingambi, is a sinkhole located 64 to 80 kilometres (40 to 50 mi) from Borroloola in the Northern Territory of Australia.	Numby Numby	Northern Territory
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dalane is one of the 15 districts in Western Norway.	Dalane	Western Norway
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bragernes is one of the central parts of the Norwegian city of Drammen.	Bragernes	Drammen
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hallett Cove Conservation Park is a protected area located in Hallett Cove, South Australia on the shore of Gulf St Vincent, 22 kilometres (14 mi) south of the Adelaide city centre.	Hallett Cove Conservation Park	South Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Palamedu is a panchayat town in Madurai district, Indian state of Tamil Nadu.	Palamedu	Madurai district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hittisleigh is a small rural parish and village just north-east of Dartmoor in Devon.	Hittisleigh	Devon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chavarchi (Persian: چاورچي‎, also Romanized as Chāvarchī) is a village in Jowzam Rural District, Dehaj District, Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Chavarchi	Dehaj District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Hodges is a lake and reservoir located in Southern California, about 31 miles (50 km) north of San Diego and just south of Escondido, California.	Lake Hodges	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Austin Graduate School of Theology, formerly known as the Institute for Christian Studies, is located in Austin, Texas, in the heart of Central Texas.	Austin Graduate School of Theology	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shelton Vineyards is a vineyard located in Dobson, North Carolina.	Shelton Vineyards	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Marynowo (marɨˈnɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sejny, within Sejny County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Lithuania.	Marynowo	Gmina Sejny
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chittenango Falls State Park is a 194-acre (0.79 km2) state park located in Madison County, New York, east of Cazenovia Lake.	Chittenango Falls State Park	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bassi Pathana is a historical city and a municipal council in Fatehgarh Sahib district in the state of Punjab, India.	Bassi Pathana	Fatehgarh Sahib
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Woods Mountains are found in southeastern California in the Mojave Desert, at the southwestern end of the Lanfair Valley just east of Hole-in-the-Wall.	Woods Mountains	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grand Mere State Park is a state park in the southwestern part of the U.S. state of Michigan near Stevensville.	Grand Mere State Park	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cyprus High School is a public high school located at 8623 West 3000 South in Magna, Utah.	Cyprus High School	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Borj Ali (Persian: برجعلي‎, also Romanized as Borj ``Alī) is a village in Arkavazi Rural District, Chavar District, Ilam County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.	Borj Ali	Arkavazi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sport Central is a multi-purpose built sports centre and events arena that is located in the centre of Newcastle upon Tyne, England.	Sport Central	Newcastle upon Tyne
located in the administrative territorial entity	The House at 15 Davis Avenue in Newton, Massachusetts, is a well-preserved modest Italianate house.	House at 15 Davis Avenue	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kalateh-ye Safdarabad (Persian: كلاته صفدراباد‎, also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Safdarābād) is a village in Titkanlu Rural District, Khabushan District, Faruj County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Kalateh-ye Safdarabad	Titkanlu Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	South Cariboo Regional Airport or 108 Mile Ranch Airport (IATA: ZMH, ICAO: CZML) is a registered aerodrome located 5.3 nautical miles (9.8 km; 6.1 mi) northwest of 108 Mile Ranch, British Columbia, Canada.	South Cariboo Regional Airport	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The B'nai Yosef Synagogue, (or Congregation Bnai Yosef), formerly Magen David Congregation of Ocean Parkway, is an Orthodox Sephardi synagogue at the 1616 Ocean Parkway and Avenue P in Brooklyn, New York.	B'nai Yosef Synagogue	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hammersmith Farm is a Victorian mansion and estate located at 225 Harrison Avenue in Newport, Rhode Island, United States.	Hammersmith Farm	Rhode Island
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Jerome Mansion was the home of financier Leonard Jerome, one of the richest and most influential men in New York City in the middle- to late-19th century, and a frequent business partner of Cornelius Vanderbilt.	Jerome Mansion	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pubborka is a village in Kamrup district surrounded by Kamalpur town.	Pubborka	Kamrup district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Veerasolapuram (Tamil: வீரசோழபுரம்) is an ancient village located near Kallakurichi in Viluppuram district, Tamil Nadu, India.	Veerasolapuram	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mercantile Library of Cincinnati is a membership library located in downtown Cincinnati, Ohio.	Mercantile Library of Cincinnati	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eskanan (Persian: اسكنان‎, also Romanized as Eskanān, Eskenān, and Eskonān; also known as Asgān, Eshkenān, Eskān, and Iskenān) is a village in Haram Rud-e Sofla Rural District, Samen District, Malayer County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Eskanan	Haram Rud-e Sofla Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pieńkowo (pjɛɲˈkɔvɔ) (formerly German Pennekow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Postomino, within Sławno County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Pieńkowo	Gmina Postomino
located in the administrative territorial entity	Presby Memorial Iris Gardens is a nonprofit, volunteer-run living museum specializing in iris flowers, located at 474 Upper Mountain Avenue, Montclair in Essex County, New Jersey, New Jersey, United States.	Presby Memorial Iris Gardens	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dag Hammarskjold Middle School, generally referred to as Dag, is a New Haven County public middle school located on the east side of Wallingford, Connecticut, next to the Lyman Hall High School campus.	Dag Hammarskjold Middle School	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Roscoe Presbyterian Church and Westfield Flats Cemetery is a historic Presbyterian church and cemetery on Old NY 17 in Roscoe, Sullivan County, New York.	Roscoe Presbyterian Church and Westfield Flats Cemetery	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Canisius High School is a Roman Catholic, Jesuit, private high school for young men, located at 1180 Delaware Avenue in Buffalo, New York, United States, just north of the Delaware Avenue Historic District.	Canisius High School	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ispina (isˈpina) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drwinia, within Bochnia County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Ispina	Gmina Drwinia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Heart Butte Dam is a dam in Grant County of southwestern North Dakota.	Heart Butte Dam	North Dakota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Downe Bank is a nature reserve owned and managed by the Kent Wildlife Trust in the North Downs, close to Downe in the London Borough of Bromley.	Downe Bank	London Borough of Bromley
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Arboretum de Bains-les-Bains (2 hectares) is a historic arboretum located along the Canal de l'Est in the Parc de la Manufacture Royale de Fer blanc (established 1733), Bains-les-Bains, Vosges, Lorraine, France.	Arboretum de Bains-les-Bains	Vosges
located in the administrative territorial entity	Plummer Park is a park in West Hollywood, California, on the eastern side of the city.	Plummer Park	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Stonewall Jackson House, located at 8 East Washington Street in the Historic District of Lexington, Virginia, was the residence of Confederate general Thomas ``Stonewall'' Jackson from 1858 to 1861.	Stonewall Jackson House	Lexington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lamsu Kola (Persian: لمسوكلا‎, also Romanized as Lamsū Kolā and Lamsū Kalā; also known as Samsū Kolā) is a village in Firuzjah Rural District, Bandpey-ye Sharqi District, Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Lamsu Kola	Firuzjah Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Temeliyeh (Persian: تمليه‎‎, also Romanized as Temelīyeh, Tamalīyēh, Tamīleh, Temīleh, Temlīyeh, and Tomelīyeh) is a village in Firuzabad Rural District, Firuzabad District, Selseleh County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Temeliyeh	Firuzabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Baham Bar (Persian: بهمبر‎; also known as Bakhambar) is a village in Ziabar Rural District, in the Central District of Sowme'eh Sara County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Baham Bar	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Obórznia (ɔˈbuʐɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łabiszyn, within Żnin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Obórznia	Gmina Łabiszyn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Berry Botanic Garden was a botanical garden in southwest Portland, Oregon, in the United States.	Berry Botanic Garden	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Merthyr Cynog is a hamlet and a community in the county of Powys in mid Wales.	Merthyr Cynog	Powys
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bluewater Lake State Park is a state park of New Mexico, United States, located in the Zuni Mountains 40 miles (64 km) west of Grants.	Bluewater Lake State Park	New Mexico
located in the administrative territorial entity	Since 1950 Woodeaton Manor House has been an Oxfordshire County Council school for children with special educational needs.	Woodeaton	Oxfordshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Soldiers' Memorial Library is a historic library building at the junction of Park Row and Union Street in Mansfield, Massachusetts.	Soldiers' Memorial Library	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hagwilget Canyon Bridge is a suspension bridge over the Hagwilget Canyon on the Bulkley River, at the Wet'suwet'en village of Hagwilget, British Columbia.	Hagwilget Canyon Bridge	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jowzurdan-e Vasati (Persian: جوزردان وسطي‎, also Romanized as Jowzūrdān-e Vasaţī; also known as Deh-e Mīr, Jowzadān-e Vostá, and Jowzardān-e Meyānī) is a village in Raqqeh Rural District, Eresk District, Boshruyeh County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Jowzurdan-e Vasati	Raqqeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mayerthorpe is a town in central Alberta, Canada, located approximately 120 km (75 mi) northwest of Edmonton at the intersection of Highway 43 and Highway 22 (Cowboy Trail).	Mayerthorpe	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dereshnuiyeh (Persian: درشنوييه‎, also Romanized as Dereshnūīyeh and Dereshnoeeyeh) is a village in Gughar Rural District, in the Central District of Baft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Dereshnuiyeh	Gughar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pir Mohammad Mir Hoseyn (Persian: پيرمحمدميرحسين‎‎, also Romanized as Pīr Moḥammad Mīr Ḩoseyn) is a village in Kakasharaf Rural District, in the Central District of Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Pir Mohammad Mir Hoseyn	Kakasharaf Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	KEYZ (660 AM) is a local radio station in Williston, North Dakota.	KEYZ	North Dakota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pilgrim Baptist Church is a historic church located on the south side of Chicago, Illinois, USA.	Pilgrim Baptist Church	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Octonia Stone, also known as Octoney, Octeny, Octona, and Octuna Stone, is a historic boundary marker located near Stanardsville, Greene County, Virginia.	Octonia Stone	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Mojave is an ancient former lake fed by the Mojave River that, through the Holocene, occupied the Silver Lake and Soda Lake basins in the Mojave Desert of San Bernardino County, California.	Lake Mojave	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Podgórze-Gazdy (pɔdˈɡuʐɛ ˈɡazdɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Małkinia Górna, within Ostrów Mazowiecka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Podgórze-Gazdy	Gmina Małkinia Górna
located in the administrative territorial entity	Viets' Tavern is an 18th-century tavern on Newgate Road, directly across the street from the Old Newgate Prison State Historical Site in East Granby, Connecticut.	Viets' Tavern	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Channel Highway is a regional highway that travels south from Hobart To Huonville, Tasmania, Australia.	Channel Highway	Tasmania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Church of St. Stephen-Catholic is a historic church building County Highway 7 in St. Stephen, Minnesota.	Church of St. Stephen-Catholic	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Azdari (Persian: ازداري‎, also Romanized as Āzdārī) is a village in Fenderesk-e Shomali Rural District, Fenderesk District, Ramian County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Azdari	Fenderesk-e Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Beeson House and Coach House is a Queen Anne style house located at 5801 West Midway Park in Chicago, Illinois, United States.	Beeson House and Coach House	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Teddington railway station is located in Teddington in the London Borough of Richmond upon Thames, in south west London, and is in Travelcard Zone 6.	Teddington railway station	London Borough of Richmond upon Thames
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bełek (ˈbɛwɛk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Miasto nad Pilicą, within Grójec County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Bełek	Gmina Nowe Miasto nad Pilicą
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rososznica (rɔsɔʂˈnit͡sa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ziębice, within Ząbkowice Śląskie County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Rososznica	Gmina Ziębice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darband Esfejir (Persian: دربنداسفجير‎, also Romanized as Darband Esfejīr, Darband-e Esfajīr, and Darband-e Esfejīr; also known as Darband-e Esfenjīr, Darbandī and Darbandī) is a village in Hesar Rural District, Khabushan District, Faruj County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Darband Esfejir	Khabushan District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Discovery Centre is an interactive science museum in Halifax, Nova Scotia.	Discovery Centre	Halifax
located in the administrative territorial entity	Scott's Gulf is a canyon situated along the Caney Fork in White County, Tennessee, in the southeastern United States.	Scott's Gulf	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Catskill Aqueduct, part of the New York City water supply system, brings water from the Catskill Mountains to Yonkers where it connects to other parts of the system.	Catskill Aqueduct	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Prentis House is owned by the Shelburne Museum in Shelburne, Vermont, and furnished with 17th and 18th century period furniture and decorative arts.	Prentis House	Shelburne
located in the administrative territorial entity	The IDS Center is a skyscraper located at 80 South 8th Street in Minneapolis, Minnesota.	IDS Center	Minneapolis
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Trentoniana Local History and Genealogy Collection is the a library-based special collection of historic memorabilia in Trenton, New Jersey.	Trentoniana	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hucclecote is a village in Gloucestershire, United Kingdom, comprising a ward (population 8,826) in the City of Gloucester, and adjacent civil parish (population 1,332) in the Borough of Tewkesbury.	Hucclecote	Gloucestershire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rustington is a village and civil parish near Littlehampton in the Arun District of West Sussex.	Rustington	West Sussex
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rożdżałów-Kolonia (rɔʐˈd͡ʐawuf kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chełm, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Rożdżałów-Kolonia	Gmina Chełm
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chahzal (Persian: چهزال‎, also Romanized as Chahzāl, Chazāl, and Chehzāl) is a village in Koregah-e Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Chahzal	Koregah-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Meyersdale Wind Farm is a wind farm located in Meyersdale, Somerset County, Pennsylvania with 20 NEG Micon/Vestas 1.5 MW wind turbines that began commercial operation in December 2003.	Meyersdale Wind Farm	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mena Valley (Spanish: Valle de Mena) is a municipality of the province of Burgos, in the autonomous community of Castilla y León, Spain, that borders the provinces of Alava and Vizcaya (Basque Country) and Cantabria.	Valle de Mena	province of Burgos
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nain County (Persian: شهرستان نائین‎) is a county in Isfahan Province in Iran.	Nain County	Isfahan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ohlone Park is a public park in the city of Berkeley, California, United States, situated on a strip of land along the north side of Hearst Avenue between Martin Luther King Jr. Way and Sacramento Street.	Ohlone Park	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Słupcza (ˈswupt͡ʂa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dwikozy, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Słupcza	Gmina Dwikozy
located in the administrative territorial entity	Presidente Perón Partido is a partido located in the Greater Buenos Aires urban area in Buenos Aires Province, Argentina.	Presidente Perón Partido	Buenos Aires Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bozgabad (Persian: بزگ اباد‎, also Romanized as Bozgābād and Bezgābād) is a village in Garizat Rural District, Nir District, Taft County, Yazd Province, Iran.	Bozgabad	Garizat Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lukini (pronounced (luˈkiːni)) is a small settlement in the City Municipality of Koper in the Littoral region of Slovenia close to the Croatian border.	Lukini	Koper
located in the administrative territorial entity	Żydowskie (ʐɨˈdɔfskʲɛ) (Ukrainian: Жидівське, Zhydivs’ke) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krempna, within Jasło County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland, close to the border with Slovakia.	Żydowskie	Gmina Krempna
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wild Kingdom Train Zoo is a small zoo located in Lagoon Amusement Park, Farmington, Utah, United States.	Wild Kingdom Train Zoo	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Valley Sports Complex is an ice hockey rink and sports facility in New Kensington, Pennsylvania.	Valley Sports Complex	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Leighterton is a village in rural Gloucestershire off the A46.	Leighterton	Gloucestershire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sarab-e Papi (Persian: سرابپاپي‎‎, also Romanized as Sarāb-e Pāpī) is a village in Qaleh-ye Mozaffari Rural District, in the Central District of Selseleh County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Sarab-e Papi	Qaleh-ye Mozaffari Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Swangard Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Central Park in Burnaby, British Columbia.	Swangard Stadium	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hoheneck Castle is a medieval castle above Ipsheim and also a district of the municipality of Ipsheim in the Landkreis Neustadt (Aisch)-Bad Windsheim in Middle Franconia in Bavaria, Germany.	Hoheneck Castle	Ipsheim
located in the administrative territorial entity	Podraczynie (pɔdraˈt͡ʂɨɲe) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przesmyki, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Podraczynie	Gmina Przesmyki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Choqa Ginu (Persian: چقاگينو‎, also Romanized as Choqā Gīnū) is a village in Mahidasht Rural District, Mahidasht District, Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Choqa Ginu	Mahidasht Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sahuarita Lake is a man made lake located 18 miles (29 km) south of downtown Tucson in Sahuarita, Arizona.	Sahuarita Lake	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Brooks Catsup Bottle Water Tower, trademarked ``The World's Largest Catsup Bottle'', is a water tower south of Collinsville, Illinois.	Brooks Catsup Bottle Water Tower	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Skeena-Queen Charlotte Regional District is a quasi-municipal administrative area in British Columbia.	Skeena-Queen Charlotte Regional District	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Klokerblok River is a waterway in the U.S. state of Alaska, near Nome.	Klokerblok River	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gran Hotel Bali is a 4-star hotel located in Benidorm, province of Alicante, Spain.	Gran Hotel Bali	Benidorm
located in the administrative territorial entity	Malenia (maˈlɛɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Buczek, within Łask County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Malenia	Gmina Buczek
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nowojewo (nɔvɔˈjɛvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dominowo, within Środa Wielkopolska County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Nowojewo	Gmina Dominowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	First Ebenezer Baptist Church is a historic Baptist church at 420 Graymont Avenue North in Smithfield in Birmingham, Alabama.	First Ebenezer Baptist Church	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	The La Garita Wilderness is a U.S. Wilderness Area located in the La Garita Mountains of southern Colorado.	La Garita Wilderness	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Warner Valley is a valley in south-central Oregon in the United States.	Warner Valley	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Christopher Creek is located at the base of the Mogollon Rim in the state of Arizona.	Christopher Creek	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ianca (Romanian pronunciation: (ˈjaŋka)) is a town in Brăila County, Romania.	Ianca	Brăila County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gil Pordeh Sar (Persian: گيل پرده سر‎, also Romanized as Gīl Pordeh Sar; also known as Gīleh Pordesar, Gīl-e Pardesar, Gol Pardehsar, Gol Pardsar, Gul-Pardasar, and Gulpardsar) is a village in Sangar Rural District, Sangar District, Rasht County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Gil Pordeh Sar	Sangar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Balgo Hill Airport (IATA: BQW, ICAO: YBGO) is located 1 nautical mile (1.9 km; 1.2 mi) south of Balgo, Western Australia.	Balgo Hill Airport	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Trecenta (Trexenta in venetian) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Rovigo in the Italian region Veneto, located about 80 kilometres (50 mi) southwest of Venice and about 25 kilometres (16 mi) west of Rovigo.	Trecenta	Province of Rovigo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Falling Spring Presbyterian Church Manse, also known as The Old Manse, is a historic Presbyterian manse located at 650 Falling Spring Road in Glasgow, Rockbridge County, Virginia.	Falling Spring Presbyterian Church Manse	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Burcombe is a village and (by the name of Burcombe Without) a civil parish in Wiltshire, England.	Burcombe	Wiltshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Małusy Małe (maˈwusɨ ˈmawɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mstów, within Częstochowa County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Małusy Małe	Gmina Mstów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Buchan Gulf is an isolated, elongated Arctic fjord on Baffin Island's northeastern coast in the Qikiqtaaluk Region of Nunavut, Canada.	Buchan Gulf	Nunavut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Wenatchee State Park is a 489-acre (198 ha) Washington state park with 12,623 feet (3,847 m) of waterfront on Lake Wenatchee and the Wenatchee River.	Lake Wenatchee State Park	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Malexander Church (Swedish: Malexanders kyrka) is a stone church, opened in 1881, located in the minor village Malexander in Boxholm Municipality, Sweden.	Malexander Church	Boxholm Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	WLSW is an American radio station, licensed in the Pittsburgh suburb of Scottdale, Pennsylvania it serves the Pittsburgh Media Market.	WLSW	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tulsishyam is located on the border of Amreli district and Junagadh district, in the Gir forest national park in Gujarat.	Tulsishyam	Gujarat
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Benalla (/bəˈnælə/), an artificial lake located in Benalla in the High Country region of Victoria, Australia, was created in the 1970s.	Lake Benalla	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	The supposed location of Argleton was just off the A59 road within the civil parish of Aughton in West Lancashire, England, which in reality is nothing more than empty fields.	Argleton	West Lancashire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sheykh Morad (Persian: شيخ مراد‎‎, also Romanized as Sheykh Morād) is a village in Miyankuh-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Pol-e Dokhtar County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Sheykh Morad	Miyankuh-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eshtehard County (Persian: شهرستان اشتهارد‎‎) is a county in Alborz Province, Iran.	Eshtehard County	Alborz Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lardaro (German: Larder) is a comune (municipality) in Trentino in the northern Italian region Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol, located about 35 kilometres (22 mi) southwest of Trento.	Lardaro	Trentino
located in the administrative territorial entity	Erie Aerodrome (FAA LID: M84) is a privately owned public-use airport located one nautical mile (2 km) southwest of the central business district of Erie, in Monroe County, Michigan, United States.	Erie Aerodrome	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bodhi Manda Zen Center, founded in 1973, is a Myoshin-ji Rinzai Zen Buddhist center in Jemez Springs, New Mexico, in the United States.	Bodhi Manda Zen Center	New Mexico
located in the administrative territorial entity	Więciórka (vjɛnˈt͡ɕurka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tokarnia, within Myślenice County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Więciórka	Gmina Tokarnia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The New York Merchandise Mart is a building in Manhattan, New York City, located at 41 Madison Avenue at East 26th Street, also known as ``1 Madison Square Plaza''.	New York Merchandise Mart	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chandler Regional Airport (ICAO: KCQB, FAA LID: CQB) is a city owned, public use airport located three nautical miles (6 km) northeast of the central business district of Chandler, a city in Lincoln County, Oklahoma, United States.	Chandler Regional Airport	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nierostowo (ɲerɔsˈtɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Konarzyny, within Chojnice County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Nierostowo	Gmina Konarzyny
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pophali (Marathi: पोफळी) is a panchayat town in Chiplun taluka of Ratnagiri district in Maharashtra, India.	Pophali	Ratnagiri district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kołzin (ˈkɔu̯ʑin) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Sianów, within Koszalin County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Kołzin	Gmina Sianów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Smarklice (smarˈklit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drohiczyn, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Smarklice	Gmina Drohiczyn
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Shoe Museum in Street, Somerset, England exhibits shoes dating from the Roman era to the present day.	The Shoe Museum	Street
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yamut (Persian: يموت‎, also Romanized as Yamūt) is a village in Jafarbay-ye Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Torkaman County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Yamut	Golestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Béthune (French pronunciation: ​(be.tyn) ; archaic Dutch: Betun) is a city in northern France, sub-prefecture of the Pas-de-Calais department.	Béthune	Pas-de-Calais
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sarfaqihabad (Persian: سرفقيه اباد‎, also Romanized as Sarfaqīhābād) is a village in Tameshkol Rural District, Nashta District, Tonekabon County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Sarfaqihabad	Tameshkol Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fresno Slough is a distributary of the Kings River that connects the North Fork Kings River (distributary) to the San Joaquin River in the San Joaquin Valley, in Kings County, California.	Fresno Slough	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nadstawki (natsˈtafki) (German: Rohrteich) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Odolanów, within Ostrów Wielkopolski County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Nadstawki	Gmina Odolanów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kopczyn (ˈkɔpt͡ʂɨn) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mogilno, within Mogilno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Kopczyn	Gmina Mogilno
located in the administrative territorial entity	Laski-Tartak (ˈlaski ˈtartak) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Trzcinica, within Kępno County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Laski-Tartak	Gmina Trzcinica
located in the administrative territorial entity	Augspurger Grist Mill is a registered historic building in Woodsdale, Butler County, Ohio, listed in the National Register on 1984-11-01.	Augspurger Grist Mill	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Siuliban is a census town in Nirsa CD Block in Dhanbad district in the Indian state of Jharkhand.	Siuliban	Dhanbad district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kalangi (Persian: كلنگي‎, also Romanized as Kalangī and Kelengī) is a village in Sirik Rural District, Byaban District, Minab County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Kalangi	Sirik Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mount Emu Creek, a perennial creek of the Glenelg Hopkins catchment, is located in the Western District of Victoria, Australia.	Mount Emu Creek	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bathurst Correctional Complex, an Australian medium security prison for males, is located in Bathurst, New South Wales, 3 kilometres (1.9 mi) west of the central business district.	Bathurst Correctional Complex	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bundesstraße 245 (abbreviated B 245) is a German federal highway in Saxony-Anhalt.	Bundesstraße 245	Saxony-Anhalt
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mochle (ˈmɔxlɛ) (German: Mocheln) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sicienko, within Bydgoszcz County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Mochle	Gmina Sicienko
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Methuen Water Works is a historic water works building on Cross Street in Methuen, Massachusetts.	Methuen Water Works	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rosenfors is a locality situated in Hultsfred Municipality, Kalmar County, Sweden with 281 inhabitants in 2010.	Rosenfors	Hultsfred Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	East Technical High School or East Tech is a secondary school under the operation of the Cleveland Metropolitan School District in Cleveland, Ohio.	East Technical High School	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Granaty (ɡraˈnatɨ) (German: Granaten) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świedziebnia, within Brodnica County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Granaty	Gmina Świedziebnia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kafru Salman (Persian: كفروسلمان‎, also Romanized as Kafrū Salmān; also known as Kafreh-e Salmān) is a village in Posht Tang Rural District, in the Central District of Sarpol-e Zahab County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Kafru Salman	Kermanshah Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qeshlaq-e Hajji Shahab (Persian: قشلاق حاجي شهاب‎, also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Ḩājjī Shahāb; also known as Qeshlāq) is a village in Behi Dehbokri Rural District, Simmineh District, Bukan County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Qeshlaq-e Hajji Shahab	Behi Dehbokri Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barcham (Persian: برچم‎) is a village in Gol Tappeh Rural District, Ziviyeh District, Saqqez County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Barcham	Kurdistan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hermosa Masonic Lodge is an historic Masonic building located in Hermosa, South Dakota, United States.	Hermosa Masonic Lodge	South Dakota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Clachnaben (archaically ``Cloch-na'bain''; Scottish Gaelic: ``Clach na Beinne'') is a 589-metre hill in Glen Dye, Aberdeenshire, Scotland.	Clachnaben	Aberdeenshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Čukurovac (Serbian: Чукуровац) is a village in the municipality of Aleksinac, Serbia.	Čukurovac	Aleksinac
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dasht-e Bu (Persian: دشتبو‎, also Romanized as Dasht-e Bū, Dashtboo, and Dasht Bū; also known as Dashtadi and Dashtgū) is a village in Tuyehdarvar Rural District, Amirabad District, Damghan County, Semnan Province, Iran.	Dasht-e Bu	Tuyehdarvar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	1040 Fifth Avenue (informally known as the 10 40) is a luxury residential housing cooperative in the Upper East Side of Manhattan, New York City.	1040 Fifth Avenue	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jintan District is a district under the administration of Changzhou in the Jiangsu province of the People's Republic of China.	Jintan District	Changzhou
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hkomi is a village in the eastern part of Homalin Township, Hkamti District, in the Sagaing Region of northwestern Burma.	Hkomi	Hkamti District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Arab International University (AIU) (previously: Arab European University) is a Syrian private university located in Ghabaghib, Daraa Governorate, Syria, founded in 2005.	Arab International University	Ghabaghib
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Briscoe Mounds, officially Illinois Archaeological Survey No. Wi-25, is an archaeological site in Channahon, Illinois.	Briscoe Mounds	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dønna is an island and a municipality in Nordland county, Norway.	Dønna	Nordland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sri Siva Vishnu Temple (SSVT) is a Hindu temple located in Lanham, Maryland, about 12 miles (19 km) from Washington D.C. It is one of the largest temples in the United States.	Sri Siva Vishnu Temple	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Thurnby and Bushby, sometimes known as Thurnby is a civil parish in the Harborough district of Leicestershire, England.	Thurnby and Bushby	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lipstick Building (also known as 53rd at Third) is a 453 foot (138 meter) tall skyscraper located at 885 Third Avenue, between East 53rd Street and 54th Street, across from the Citigroup Center in Manhattan, New York City, United States.	Lipstick Building	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hanscom Park United Methodist Church, is located at 4444 Frances Street in the Hanscom Park neighborhood of Omaha, Nebraska.	Hanscom Park United Methodist Church	Nebraska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Thornton Watlass is a small village and civil parish within the Hambleton district of North Yorkshire, England.	Thornton Watlass	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hertford Union Canal or Duckett's Canal is a short stretch (c. 1.5 km) of canal in the London Borough of Tower Hamlets in East London.	Hertford Union Canal	London Borough of Tower Hamlets
located in the administrative territorial entity	El Sobrante Hills is a bedroom community in the city of Richmond, California.	El Sobrante Hills	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Puzdrowizna (puzdrɔˈvizna) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brok, within Ostrów Mazowiecka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Puzdrowizna	Gmina Brok
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Rietvlei Nature Reserve surrounds and include the Rietvlei dam and is situated south east of Pretoria, in the Gauteng Province of South Africa, between the R21 highway (OR Tambo Airport highway) on the western side and the R50 (Delmas / Babsfontein) road on the north-east (Figure 2.2).	Rietvlei Nature Reserve	Gauteng
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hollywood Roosevelt Hotel is a historic hotel designed in the Spanish Colonial Revival style, located at 7000 Hollywood Boulevard in Hollywood, Los Angeles, California.	The Hollywood Roosevelt Hotel	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dadaneh Kamangar (Persian: دادانه كمانگر‎, also Romanized as Dādāneh Kamāngar and Dādāneh-ye Kamāngar; also known as Dadaneh, Dādāneh Kamāngīr, and Dowdāneh-ye Darrelah) is a village in Negel Rural District, Kalatrazan District, Sanandaj County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Dadaneh Kamangar	Negel Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bulle would have gladly joined the French-supported Lemanic Republic, but after the march elections it became part of the Helvetic Republic's Canton of Fribourg.	Bulle	Canton of Fribourg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Thurakapalem is a village located in Muppalla Mandal of the Guntur district in the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.	Thurakapalem	Andhra Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	WSTZ-FM (106.7 FM, ``Z106.7'') is a classic rock music formatted radio station in Jackson, Mississippi, but is licensed to Vicksburg, Mississippi.	WSTZ-FM	Mississippi
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chah-e Aziz Zeh Kalut (Persian: چاه عزيززهكلوت‎, also Romanized as Chāh-e ʿAzīz Zeh Kalūt) is a village in Jazmurian Rural District, Jazmurian District, Rudbar-e Jonubi County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Chah-e Aziz Zeh Kalut	Jazmurian District
located in the administrative territorial entity	North Rustico is a town located in the northern part of Queens County, Prince Edward Island, Canada.	North Rustico	Queens County	Prince Edward Island
located in the administrative territorial entity	Voorne-Putten is an island between the North Sea, the Brielse meer and the rivers Oude Maas, Spui and Haringvliet in the province of South Holland in the Netherlands.	Voorne-Putten	South Holland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Łaznów-Kolonia (ˈwaznuf kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rokiciny, within Tomaszów Mazowiecki County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Łaznów-Kolonia	Gmina Rokiciny
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darreh Kartikab (Persian: دره كرتيكاب‎, also Romanized as Darreh Kartīkāb) is a village in Dehdasht-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Kohgiluyeh County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Darreh Kartikab	Dehdasht-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Einbeck is a town in the district Northeim, in southern Lower Saxony, Germany.	Einbeck	Northeim
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ab Jirak (Persian: اب جيرك‎, also Romanized as Āb Jīrak; also known as Āb Chīrak) is a village in Lishtar Rural District, in the Central District of Gachsaran County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Ab Jirak	Lishtar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Humpback Covered Bridge located in the U.S. state of Virginia, is one of the few remaining covered bridges in the United States that was built higher in the middle than on either end; hence the name of ``humpback''.	Humpback Covered Bridge	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	St. Augustine's Seminary is the archdiocesan seminary of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Toronto, and is located by the shore of Lake Ontario in Scarborough.	St. Augustine's Seminary	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hajji Gharib (Persian: حاجي غريب‎, also Romanized as Ḩājjī Gharīb; also known as Hājgharīb) is a village in Qaleh-ye Khvajeh Rural District, in the Central District of Andika County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Hajji Gharib	Qaleh-ye Khvajeh Rural District	Khuzestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wiejca (ˈvjɛi̯t͡sa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kampinos, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Wiejca	Gmina Kampinos
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aimeliik is an administrative division of the island country of Palau.	Aimeliik	Palau
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lubachowy (lubaˈxɔvɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Moskorzew, within Włoszczowa County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Lubachowy	Gmina Moskorzew
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Knobstone Escarpment is a rugged geologic region in Southern Indiana.	Knobstone Escarpment	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sandhofen is a northern district of Mannheim, Germany.	Sandhofen	Mannheim
located in the administrative territorial entity	Serralunga di Crea (Piedmontese: Seralonga 'd Crea) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Alessandria in the Italian region Piedmont, located about 45 kilometres (28 mi) east of Turin and about 35 kilometres (22 mi) northwest of Alessandria.	Serralunga di Crea	Province of Alessandria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ladd's Addition is an inner southeast historic district of Portland, Oregon, United States.	Ladd's Addition	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Salaspils ( pronunciation ; German: Kirchholm) is a town in Latvia, the administrative centre of Salaspils municipality.	Salaspils	Latvia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Isaac Bell House is a historic house and National Historic Landmark at 70 Perry Street (at its corner with Bellevue Avenue) in Newport, Rhode Island.	Isaac Bell House	Rhode Island
located in the administrative territorial entity	Moridarow-e Pain (Persian: مريداروپايين‎, also Romanized as Morīdārow-e Pā’īn; also known as Morīdārow-e Soflá) is a village in Polan Rural District, Polan District, Chabahar County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Moridarow-e Pain	Polan District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Crescent Park Looff Carousel, also known as Crescent Park Carousel or more officially as Crescent Park Looff Carousel and Shelter Building, is a National Historic Landmark in East Providence, Rhode Island.	Crescent Park Looff Carousel	Rhode Island
located in the administrative territorial entity	Established on June 11, 1940, Cumberland Gap National Historical Park is a United States National Historical Park located at the border between Kentucky, Tennessee, and Virginia.	Cumberland Gap National Historical Park	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Holy Trinity Church, St. Christopher House and Parsonage is located at East 88th Street on the Upper East Side of Manhattan in New York, New York.	Holy Trinity Church, St. Christopher House and Parsonage	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Burnside Drive is a four-lane divided roadway, with a speed limit of 80 km/h, that serves the Burnside Business Park in the Halifax Regional Municipality (HRM) community of Dartmouth, Nova Scotia.	Burnside Drive	Nova Scotia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Three Valleys Ranch Heliport (FAA LID: OG47) is a private heliport located 21 miles north of Baker City in Baker County, Oregon, USA.	Three Valleys Ranch Heliport	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	SM City Cebu, also known locally as SM Mabolo, is a large shopping mall located in Cebu City, Philippines.	SM City Cebu	Cebu City
located in the administrative territorial entity	Konathukunnu (കോണത്ത്കുന്ന്) is a town in Thrissur district, Kerala, India.	Konathukunnu	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shebertu (Persian: شبرتو‎, also Romanized as Shebertū) is a village in Babarashani Rural District, Chang Almas District, Bijar County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Shebertu	Babarashani Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shadini Zehi (Persian: شاديني زهي‎, also Romanized as Shādīnī Zehī; also known as Shādenīzey, Shādīn Zehī, and Shād Nīzī) is a village in Surak Rural District, Lirdaf District, Jask County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Shadini Zehi	Surak Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Banloc (German: Banlok; Hungarian: Bánlak) is a commune in Timiș County, Romania.	Banloc	Timiș County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Marble Community Church, formerly called St. Paul's Church, is a historic Episcopal church at 123 State Street in Marble, Colorado.	Marble Community Church	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Café Kranzler is a famous café on Kurfürstendamm in the Charlottenburg district of Berlin, Germany.	Café Kranzler	Berlin
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Château Élysée is a former hotel located at 5930 Franklin Ave. in the Franklin Village section of Los Angeles, California.	Château Élysée	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Congaree Creek is a stream in Lexington County, South Carolina formed from the Congaree River.	Congaree Creek	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Łosośniczka (wɔsɔɕˈnit͡ʂka) (German: Lasbeck) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Resko, within Łobez County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Łosośniczka	Gmina Resko
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ames Hydroelectric Generating Plant, located near Ophir, Colorado, was the world's first commercial system to produce and transmit alternating current (AC) electricity for industrial use.	Ames Hydroelectric Generating Plant	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hezarta (Persian: هزارتا‎, also Romanized as Hezārtā; also known as Hezārţāq) is a village in Siyahu Rural District, Fin District, Bandar Abbas County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Hezarta	Siyahu Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Montreal Heart Institute (French: Institut de Cardiologie de Montréal), in Montreal, Quebec, is a specialty hospital dedicated to the development of cardiology.	Montreal Heart Institute	Quebec
located in the administrative territorial entity	West Sandwick is a settlement on the Isle of Yell, Shetland Islands.	West Sandwick	Shetland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stanjevo (Serbian: Стањево) is a village in the municipality of Aleksandrovac, Serbia.	Stanjevo	Aleksandrovac
located in the administrative territorial entity	Coquimbo is a port city, commune and capital of the Elqui Province, located on the Pan-American Highway, in the Coquimbo Region of Chile.	Coquimbo	Elqui Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sisak-Moslavina County (Croatian: Sisačko-moslavačka županija) is a Croatian county in eastern Central Croatia and southwestern Slavonia.	Sisak-Moslavina County	Croatia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Osh Region (Kyrgyz: Ош областы, Russian: Ошская область) is a region (oblast) of Kyrgyzstan.	Osh Region	Kyrgyzstan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nabha (Punjabi: ਨਾਭਾ) is a city and municipal council in the Patiala district to the south-west of the Indian state of Punjab.	Nabha	Patiala district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Medford Municipal Airport (FAA LID: O53) is a city owned, public use airport located one nautical mile (2 km) southwest of the central business district of Medford, a city in Grant County, Oklahoma, United States.	Medford Municipal Airport	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bavaj (Persian: باوج‎, also Romanized as Bāvaj) is a village in Abolfares Rural District, in the Central District of Ramhormoz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Bavaj	Abolfares Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sand Point Site (20 BG 14) is an archaeological site located near Baraga, Michigan.	Sand Point Site	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	WFAX is a Religious Talk formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Falls Church, Virginia, serving Metro Washington, D.C. WFAX is owned and operated by Newcomb Broadcasting Corporation.	WFAX	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Veterans of Foreign Wars Parkway (referred to locally as the VFW Parkway) is a historic parkway in Boston, Massachusetts and two adjacent towns.	Veterans of Foreign Wars Parkway	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Canyon Sainte-Anne is a spectacular, steep-sided gorge, carved by the Sainte-Anne-du-Nord River, 6 km east of Beaupré, Quebec, Canada.	Canyon Sainte-Anne	Quebec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Criccieth (Welsh: Cricieth (ˈkrɪkjɛθ)) is a town and community on Cardigan Bay, in the Eifionydd area of Gwynedd in Wales.	Criccieth	Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Andruszkowice (andruʂkɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Samborzec, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Andruszkowice	Gmina Samborzec
located in the administrative territorial entity	1180 Peachtree, commonly known as the Symphony Tower, is a 41-story skyscraper located at 1180 Peachtree Street in the Midtown district of Atlanta, Georgia, United States.	1180 Peachtree	Atlanta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tha Ko (Thai: ท่าก๊อ) is a village and tambon (subdistrict) of Mae Suai District, in Chiang Rai Province, Thailand.	Tha Ko	Mae Suai
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kınık (Yukarı), Kızılcahamam is a village in the District of Kızılcahamam, Ankara Province, Turkey.	Kınık (Yukarı), Kızılcahamam	Kızılcahamam, Ankara
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Crystal Palace Barracks in London, Ontario was the site of the Provincial Exhibition in 1861.	Crystal Palace Barracks	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Congregation Achduth Vesholom is a Reform synagogue, located at 5200 Old Mill Road in Fort Wayne, Indiana.	Congregation Achduth Vesholom	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Krokstadøra is a village and administrative center of the municipality of Snillfjord in Sør-Trøndelag county, Norway.	Krokstadøra	Snillfjord
located in the administrative territorial entity	Trzemcha Dolna (ˈtʂɛmxa ˈdɔlna) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sienno, within Lipsko County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Trzemcha Dolna	Gmina Sienno
located in the administrative territorial entity	Poshteh Chahu (Persian: پشته چاهو‎, also Romanized as Poshteh Chāhū) is a village in Siyahu Rural District, Fin District, Bandar Abbas County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Poshteh Chahu	Siyahu Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ilhéus is a major city located in the southern coastal region of Bahia, Brazil, 211 km south of Salvador, the state's capital.	Ilhéus	Bahia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Horrabad-e Sofla (Persian: حرابادسفلي‎, also Romanized as Ḩorrābād-e Soflá) is a village in Pishkuh-e Zalaqi Rural District, Besharat District, Aligudarz County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Horrabad-e Sofla	Pishkuh-e Zalaqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Szymonka (ʂɨˈmɔnka) (German: Szymonken; 1938-45: Schmidtsdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ryn, within Giżycko County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Szymonka	Gmina Ryn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mucheh (Persian: موچه‎‎, also Romanized as Mūcheh) is a village in Posht-e Arbaba Rural District, Alut District, Baneh County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Mucheh	Posht-e Arbaba Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Plummer's Ledge Natural Area in Wentworth, New Hampshire is a 3.5-acre (1.4 ha) plot of land protected by the State of New Hampshire to preserve unique geologic features called glacial potholes.	Plummer's Ledge Natural Area	New Hampshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Latabari (লতাবাৰী) is a village with a population of around 800 in the Lakhimpur district(লক্ষীমপুৰ) of Assam, India.	Latabari	Lakhimpur district	Assam
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fruxil is a small rural village in the parish of A Cervela in the municipality of O Incio (province of Lugo), Spain.	Fruxil	O Incio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gwyneth Lake Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia, Canada, located 70 kilometres west of Lillooet, British Columbia.	Gwyneth Lake Provincial Park	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	East Branch Chillisquaque Creek is a tributary of Chillisquaque Creek in Columbia County and Montour County in Pennsylvania, United States.	East Branch Chillisquaque Creek	Columbia County	Montour County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vekkalam is a Revenue village in Kannur district in the Indian state of Kerala.	Vekkalam	Kannur district	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	Uduvere is a village in Lääne-Saare Parish, Saare County, on the island of Saaremaa, Estonia.	Uduvere	Lääne-Saare Parish
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fife Ice Arena (originally known as Kirkcaldy Ice Rink) opened in 1938.	Fife Ice Arena	Kirkcaldy
located in the administrative territorial entity	Flookburgh is an ancient village on the Cartmel peninsula in Cumbria, until 1974 part of Lancashire.	Flookburgh	Cumbria
located in the administrative territorial entity	KTND ``Thunder 93.5'' is a radio station located at 93.5 FM and licensed to Aspen, Colorado.	KTND	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shazand County (Persian: شهرستان شازند‎) is a county located in Markazi Province in Iran.	Shazand County	Markazi Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tushmalan (Persian: توشمالان‎, also Romanized as Tūshmālān; also known as Tashmalān and Toshmalān) is a village in Qazvineh Rural District, in the Central District of Kangavar County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Tushmalan	Qazvineh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bayport Container Terminal, or simply the Bayport Terminal, is a major deep water port in the Greater Houston area in Texas (United States).	Bayport Terminal	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Binoculars Building, originally the Chiat/Day Building, is a commercial office building located in the Venice neighborhood of Los Angeles, California.	Binoculars Building	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jażdże (ˈjaʐd͡ʐɛ) (German: Jaasder Katen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dygowo, within Kołobrzeg County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Jażdże	Gmina Dygowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sar Kubeh (Persian: سركوبه‎, also Romanized as Sar Kūbeh, Sar Koobeh, and Ser Kūbeh) is a village in Hamzehlu Rural District, in the Central District of Khomeyn County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Sar Kubeh	Central District	Markazi Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Anglesea Power Station was a brown coal--powered thermal power station located at Anglesea, in Victoria, Australia.	Anglesea Power Station	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Milajerd Rural District (Persian: دهستان ميلاجرد‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Milajerd District, Komijan County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Milajerd Rural District	Milajerd District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sarjah Kola (Persian: سرجه كلا‎, also Romanized as Sarjah Kolā) is a village in Firuzjah Rural District, Bandpey-ye Sharqi District, Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Sarjah Kola	Firuzjah Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cranston High School East, often called East, Cranston East, or abbreviated as CHSE, is a comprehensive high school located in the central part of Cranston, Rhode Island, with over 1,700 students in grades 9-12 and 150+ faculty members.	Cranston High School East	Rhode Island
located in the administrative territorial entity	The National Gallery for Foreign Art (Bulgarian: Национална галерия за чуждестранно изкуство, Natsionalna galeriya za chuzhdestranno izkustvo) of Bulgaria is a gallery located on St. Alexander Nevsky Square in Sofia.	National Gallery for Foreign Art	Sofia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Duranów (duˈranuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tarłów, within Opatów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Duranów	Gmina Tarłów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fort Washakie was a U.S Army fort in what is now the U.S. state of Wyoming.	Fort Washakie	Wyoming
located in the administrative territorial entity	The ELS Bridge over Big Wind River is a pony truss bridge located near Dubois, Wyoming, which carries Fremont County Road CN10-21 across the Big Wind River.	ELS Bridge over Big Wind River	Wyoming
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hilversum (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈɦɪlvərsʏm)) is a municipality and a city in the Netherlands, in the province of North Holland.	Hilversum	North Holland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sharp County Regional Airport (IATA: CKK, ICAO: KCVK, FAA LID: CVK) is a public-use airport in Sharp County, Arkansas, United States.	Sharp County Regional Airport	Arkansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gronant is a village in Flintshire, Wales about 2 miles east of Prestatyn.	Gronant	Flintshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Tatshenshini River (/ˌtætʃɛnˈʃini/; Tlingit Tʼachanshahéeni, Southern Tutchone Shäwshe Chù) is a river in the southwestern Yukon and the northwestern corner of British Columbia, Canada.	Tatshenshini River	Yukon	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wrockwardine Wood is located in North East Telford in Shropshire and is bordered by Donnington, St Georges, Trench, The Nabb and Oakengates.	Wrockwardine Wood	Shropshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	West Fourth Street Historic District is a registered historic district in downtown Cincinnati, Ohio, listed in the National Register of Historic Places on August 13, 1976.	West Fourth Street Historic District	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Peaks-Kenny State Park is a state park on the shore of Sebec Lake, mostly located in the town of Dover-Foxcroft, Maine.	Peaks-Kenny State Park	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Woodruff Park, named for Robert W. Woodruff, is located in the heart of Downtown Atlanta, Georgia.	Woodruff Park	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cham Lapeh (Persian: چم لپه‎; also known as Cham Kapū and Cham Lapū) is a village in Tayebi-ye Sarhadi-ye Sharqi Rural District, Charusa District, Kohgiluyeh County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Cham Lapeh	Tayebi-ye Sarhadi-ye Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lillian Osborne High School is a high school located in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada in the Terwillegar community.	Lillian Osborne High School	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Meskinabad (Persian: مسكين اباد‎, also Romanized as Meskīnābād) is a village in Ahmadabad Rural District, in the Central District of Nazarabad County, Alborz Province, Iran.	Meskinabad	Ahmadabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Reigny Abbey (Abbaye de Reigny) was a Cistercian monastery in Vermenton, department of Yonne, Bourgogne, France.	Reigny Abbey	Vermenton
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bílinská kyselka (in English: BILINER) is strongly mineralized alkaline bicarbonate (i.e. 5g to 7g per litre) mineral water from Bílina city (Czech Republic).	Bílinská kyselka	Bílina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Scotia Plaza is a commercial office complex in the city of Toronto, Ontario, Canada.	Scotia Plaza	Toronto
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bisaran Rural District (Persian: دهستان بيساران‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Sarvabad County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Bisaran Rural District	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Monar Jonban (Shaking Minarets), or Menar-e-jomban, is a monument located in Isfahan, in central Iran.	Monar Jonban	Isfahan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Slaugham (pronounced ``Slaffam'') is a village and civil parish in the Mid Sussex District of West Sussex, England.	Slaugham	West Sussex
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ardhasaig (Scottish Gaelic: Àird Àsaig) is a settlement on the western coast of north Harris, in the Outer Hebrides, Scotland.	Ardhasaig	Outer Hebrides
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Tacoma Dome is an indoor arena located in Tacoma, Washington, approximately 30 miles south of Seattle.	Tacoma Dome	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pudukulam comes under Manamadurai assembly constituency (SC) is part of Sivaganga (Lok Sabha constituency)	Pudukulam	Sivaganga
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Galatea is the highest peak of the Kananaskis Range, a subrange of the Canadian Rockies in the province of Alberta.	Mount Galatea	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dowagiac Municipal Airport (FAA LID: C91) is a public airport owned and operated by the City of Dowagiac located 1m (1.6 km) northwest of Dowagiac, Michigan, United States.	Dowagiac Municipal Airport	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zaozhuang (simplified Chinese: 枣庄; traditional Chinese: 棗莊; pinyin: Zǎozhuāng) is a prefecture-level city in the south of Shandong province, People's Republic of China.	Zaozhuang	Shandong
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mishler Theatre is a Beaux-Arts stage and movie theater located at 1208 Twelfth Avenue in Altoona, Pennsylvania.	Mishler Theatre	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mamertine Prison (Italian Carcere Mamertino), in antiquity the Tullianum, was a prison (carcer) located in the Comitium in ancient Rome.	Mamertine Prison	Rome
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rockwell Gardens was a Chicago Housing Authority (CHA) public housing project located on the East Garfield Park neighborhood on the Near West Side of Chicago, Illinois, USA.	Rockwell Gardens	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Niver Sofla (Persian: نيورسفلي‎, also Romanized as Nīver Soflá) is a village in Fuladlui Jonubi Rural District, Hir District, Ardabil County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Niver Sofla	Fuladlui Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Namar (Persian: نمار‎, also Romanized as Namār; also known as Namārestāq, Namāristāq, and Namāristōq) is a village in Larijan-e Sofla Rural District, Larijan District, Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Namar	Larijan-e Sofla Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Thung Khao Phuang (Thai: ทุ่งข้าวพวง) is a tambon (subdistrict) of Chiang Dao District, in Chiang Mai Province, Thailand.	Thung Khao Phuang	Chiang Dao
located in the administrative territorial entity	Arrow Rock Historic District is a National Historic Landmark District encompassing the village of Arrow Rock, Missouri and the adjacent Arrow Rock State Historic Site.	Arrow Rock Historic District	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bromford Viaduct carries the M6 motorway between Castle Bromwich (junction 5) and Gravelly Hill (junction 6) along the River Tame valley in Birmingham, England.	Bromford Viaduct	Birmingham
located in the administrative territorial entity	Er Lannic is a small island in the commune of Arzon, in the Morbihan department in Brittany in northwestern France.	Er Lannic	Arzon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cannon High School was a Kannapolis, North Carolina high school that existed from 1924 to 1951.	Cannon High School	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ridgley Methodist Episcopal Church, constructed in 1921, is a one-story frame church on the north side of Central Avenue in Landover, Prince George's County, Maryland.	Ridgley Methodist Episcopal Church	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ellisfield is a small, rural village in Hampshire, England, approximately 5 miles south-east of Basingstoke town centre on the other side of the M3 motorway from the town.	Ellisfield	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zirtang-e Chameshk (Persian: زيرتنگ چمشک‎‎, also Romanized as Zīrtang-e Chameshk) is a village in Miyankuh-e Sharqi Rural District, Mamulan District, Pol-e Dokhtar County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Zirtang-e Chameshk	Miyankuh-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Żerdenka (ʐɛrˈdɛŋka) (Ukrainian: Жерденка, Zherdenka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Baligród, within Lesko County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Żerdenka	Gmina Baligród
located in the administrative territorial entity	Xá-Muteba (Portuguese spelling) or Shah-Muteba (Bantu spelling) is a town and municipality in Lunda Norte Province in Angola.	Xá-Muteba	Lunda Norte Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Thorpe Marriott is a residential area in Norfolk, England covering part of Taverham and Drayton parishes.	Thorpe Marriott	Norfolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Citadel Center is a 580ft (177m) tall skyscraper at 131 S. Dearborn St., Chicago, Illinois 60603, designed by Spanish architect Ricardo Bofill.	Citadel Center	Chicago
located in the administrative territorial entity	Unterhaching (German pronunciation: (ʔʊntɐˈhaxɪŋ)) is the second largest municipality in the district of Munich in Bavaria, Germany.	Unterhaching	Munich
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mantgum is a small village in Littenseradiel in the province Friesland of the Netherlands and has around 1150 citizens.	Mantgum	Littenseradiel
located in the administrative territorial entity	The River Gwendraeth (Welsh: Afon Gwendraeth) is a river in Carmarthenshire in West Wales.	River Gwendraeth	Carmarthenshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bochnia County (Polish: powiat bocheński) is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Lesser Poland Voivodeship, southern Poland.	Bochnia County	Lesser Poland Voivodeship
located in the administrative territorial entity	Toowoomba State High School (TSHS) is a co-educational State High School located in Toowoomba, Queensland, Australia.	Toowoomba State High School	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cripplegate was a gate in the London Wall and a name for the region of the City of London outside the gate.	Cripplegate	City of London
located in the administrative territorial entity	The B. C. Calvert House built in 1875 is an historic Late Victorian style house located in Union, Kentucky.	B. C. Calvert House	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Norman Rockwell Museum is an art museum in Stockbridge, Massachusetts, dedicated to the art of Norman Rockwell.	Norman Rockwell Museum	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aznaveh (Persian: ازناوه‎, also Romanized as Aznāveh and Eznāveh) is a village in Kuh Dasht Rural District, Neyasar District, Kashan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Aznaveh	Kuh Dasht Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Koosick Bluff is a volcanic bluff in Cassiar Land District (Stikine Country) in northern British Columbia, Canada.	Koosick Bluff	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Riverside Local School District, formerly named Painesville Township Local School District until July 1, 2007, is a primary/secondary school district in Ohio.	Riverside Local School District	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Forchtenstein Castle (German: Burg Forchtenstein; Hungarian: Fraknó vára; Croatian: Fortnavski grad) is a castle built in the late Middle Ages near the municipality of Forchtenstein in northern Burgenland, Austria.	Forchtenstein Castle	Burgenland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ben Lomond High School is a comprehensive high school located in the Ogden City School District of Ogden, Utah, currently educating students in grades 10--12.	Ben Lomond High School	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cardenal Caro Department (Spanish: Departamento Cardenal Caro) was one of the departments of Chile located in Colchagua Province.	Cardenal Caro Department	Colchagua Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vellapakkam (Tamil: வெள்ளபாக்கம்) is a village in the Cuddalore district of the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.	Vellapakkam	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Brooklyn Children's Museum is a children museum in Crown Heights, Brooklyn, New York City.	Brooklyn Children's Museum	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Coplay Cement Company Kilns, also known as the Saylor Park Industrial Museum, is an open-air historic site located at Coplay, Lehigh County, Pennsylvania.	Coplay Cement Company Kilns	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gainesville Regional Airport (IATA: GNV, ICAO: KGNV, FAA LID: GNV) is a public airport three miles northeast of Gainesville, in Alachua County, Florida.	Gainesville Regional Airport	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stara Kościelnica (ˈstara kɔɕt͡ɕelˈnit͡sa) (German: Alt Münsterberg) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miłoradz, within Malbork County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Stara Kościelnica	Gmina Miłoradz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barzok District (Persian: بخش برزک‎) is a district (bakhsh) in Kashan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Barzok District	Isfahan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Moose Lake State Park is a state park of Minnesota, USA, near the city of Moose Lake, MN in Carlton County.	Moose Lake State Park	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Scoulton is a small village and civil parish in the county of Norfolk, England, situated 16 miles (26 km) west of the city of Norwich and 21 miles (34 km) north-north-east of Thetford.	Scoulton	Norfolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Farm to Market Road 2382 (FM 2382) is a two-lane farm to market road that connects St. Jo and Bulcher in northern Texas.	Farm to Market Road 2382	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	WFRA is an American radio station, licensed to Franklin, Pennsylvania; the seat of government for Venango County, Pennsylvania.	WFRA	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chuckawalla Valley State Prison (CVSP) is located south of Interstate 10, in a detached section of Blythe, California, that lies west of the main portion of the city.	Chuckawalla Valley State Prison	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kotiabad (Persian: كتي اباد‎, also Romanized as Kotīābād; also known as Kalīābād) is a village in Rezvaniyeh Rural District, in the Central District of Tiran and Karvan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Kotiabad	Rezvaniyeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mulford Building is a historic light manufacturing loft building located in the Spring Garden neighborhood of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.	Mulford Building	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Renton Municipal Airport (IATA: RNT, ICAO: KRNT, FAA LID: RNT) is a public use airport located in Renton, a city in King County, Washington, United States.	Renton Municipal Airport	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Charlottenburg-Nord is a locality (Ortsteil) in the northern part of the Charlottenburg-Wilmersdorf borough of Berlin, Germany.	Charlottenburg-Nord	Charlottenburg-Wilmersdorf
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aabybro was formerly the capital of Aabybro Municipality in former Hjørring County, North Jutland County, but by 2007 became the headquarters of Jammerbugt Municipality.	Aabybro	Jammerbugt Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Horoszki Małe (xɔˈrɔʂki ˈmawɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sarnaki, within Łosice County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Horoszki Małe	Gmina Sarnaki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Willersey is a village in Gloucestershire, England, situated close to the boundary with Worcestershire and southwest of Evesham.	Willersey	Gloucestershire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The San Manuel Copper Mine was a surface and underground porphyry copper mine located in San Manuel, Pinal County, Arizona.	San Manuel Copper Mine	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	'Torrebesses is a municipality in the comarca of the Segrià in Catalonia, Spain.	Torrebesses	Segrià
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zinc 100.7 (callsign 4RGR) is a commercial Australian station based in Townsville, Queensland, owned by Grant Broadcasters.	Zinc 100.7	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eldorado Pass (el. 4623 ft.) is a mountain pass in Oregon traversed by U.S. Route 26.	Eldorado Pass	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Takht-e Kabud (Persian: تختكبود‎, also Romanized as Takht-e Kabūd) is a village in Kushk Rural District, Abezhdan District, Andika County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Takht-e Kabud	Kushk Rural District	Khuzestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Porczyny (pɔrˈt͡ʂɨnɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Poddębice, within Poddębice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Porczyny	Gmina Poddębice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Woodsville High School, in Woodsville, New Hampshire, is a public secondary school located in the White Mountains of New Hampshire, serving the towns of Haverhill (including North Haverhill, East Haverhill, Woodsville, and Mountain Lakes), Bath, Warren, Piermont, and Benton.	Woodsville High School	New Hampshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kbelany (German Wellana) is a village and municipality (obec) in Plzeň-North District in the Plzeň Region of the Czech Republic.	Kbelany	Plzeň-North District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Westham Station in Henrico County, Virginia, USA, was originally located at Westham on the Richmond and Allegheny Railroad (R&A), which was laid along the towpath of the James River and Kanawha Canal in the 1880s.	Westham Station	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Starczewice (start͡ʂɛˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korczew, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Starczewice	Gmina Korczew
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grotkowo (ɡrɔtˈkɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Niechanowo, within Gniezno County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Grotkowo	Gmina Niechanowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Boulevard de la Cité-des-Jeunes is a major road in the city of Gatineau, Quebec.	Boulevard de la Cité-des-Jeunes	Quebec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kapıkule is the name of the Turkish border crossing point in Edirne Province on the border of Turkey and Bulgaria.	Kapıkule	Edirne
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Horseshoe Lake Ranger Station in Lassen Volcanic National Park, California is a backcountry ranger station that was built by Civilian Conservation Corps labor in 1934.	Horseshoe Lake Ranger Station	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barisis-aux-Bois, formerly called Barisis until 3 December 2014, is a French commune in the department of Aisne in the Picardy region of northern France.	Barisis-aux-Bois	Aisne
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bradley Palmer State Park is a Massachusetts state park located in the towns of Hamilton and Topsfield.	Bradley Palmer State Park	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sohray-e Kamalabad (Persian: صحراي کمال آباد‎, also Romanized as Şoḩrāy-e Kamālābād) is a village in Borkhar-e Sharqi Rural District, Habibabad District, Borkhar County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Sohray-e Kamalabad	Borkhar-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Granby Dam (National ID # CO01656) is an earthfill dam that dams the Colorado River 5.5 miles (8.9 km) northeast of Granby, Colorado in Grand County, Colorado.	Granby Dam	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	River Bend Nature Center is a non-profit day-use nature center in the city of Faribault, Minnesota.	River Bend Nature Center	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Marcotte Nursing Home is an historic elder care facility at 102 Campus Avenue in Lewiston, Maine.	Marcotte Nursing Home	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	WXTN (1000 AM) is an American radio station licensed to serve Benton, Mississippi, USA.	WXTN	Mississippi
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shayeq (Persian: شايق‎, also Romanized as Shāyeq) is a village in the Central District of Sareyn County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Shayeq	Central District	Ardabil Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mambaí is a city in eastern Goiás state, Brazil.	Mambaí	Goiás
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hopewell Furnace National Historic Site in southeastern Berks County, near Elverson, Pennsylvania, is an example of an American 19th century rural ``iron plantation''.	Hopewell Furnace National Historic Site	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Satelmish-e Mohammadabad (Persian: ساتلميش محمداباد‎, also Romanized as Sātelmīsh-e Moḩammadābād) is a village in Zarrineh Rud Rural District, in the Central District of Miandoab County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Satelmish-e Mohammadabad	Zarrineh Rud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rutki-Szczepanki (ˈrutki ʂt͡ʂɛˈpaŋki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ciechanów, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Rutki-Szczepanki	Gmina Ciechanów
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mosby Creek Bridge, also called the Layng Bridge, is a historic Howe truss covered bridge located near Cottage Grove, Oregon, United States.	Mosby Creek Bridge	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aran va Bidgol County (Persian: شهرستان آران و بیدگل‎, also known as Aran o Bidgol County) is a county in Isfahan Province in Iran.	Aran va Bidgol County	Isfahan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Esfanaj (Persian: اسفناج‎, also Romanized as Esfanāj and Esfenāj; also known as Isfanaj and Ispanag) is a village in Zanjanrud-e Pain Rural District, Zanjanrud District, Zanjan County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Esfanaj	Zanjanrud-e Pain Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Holbeach is a fenland market town in the South Holland district of southern Lincolnshire, England.	Holbeach	South Holland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Clover Park School District (CPSD) is the fourth largest school district in Pierce County, Washington and the 28th largest public school district in the state.	Clover Park School District	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Damhi Marai ( Damhi is the separate village from the Marai village and both are under same village developement committee but due to rising in population both village joined each othe as recently know Damhi Marai) is a village development committee in Mahottari District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal.	Damhi Marai	Mahottari District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Giffone is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Reggio Calabria in the Italian region Calabria, located about 60 kilometres (37 mi) southwest of Catanzaro and about 60 kilometres (37 mi) northeast of Reggio Calabria.	Giffone	Province of Reggio Calabria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Roseau River Anishinabe First Nation is a First Nation in southern Manitoba, Canada.	Roseau River Anishinabe First Nation	Manitoba
located in the administrative territorial entity	Argostoli (Greek: Αργοστόλι, Katharevousa: Αργοστόλιον) is a town and a former municipality on the island of Kefalonia, Ionian Islands, Greece.	Argostoli	Kefalonia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Middle Saranac Lake, also called Round Lake, is the smallest of three connected lakes, part of the Saranac River, near the village of Saranac Lake in the Adirondacks in northern New York.	Middle Saranac Lake	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Margir (Persian: مارگير‎, also Romanized as Mārgīr) is a village in Khaneh Shur Rural District, in the Central District of Salas-e Babajani County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Margir	Kermanshah Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lions Peak is a prominent hill in the eastern foothills of the Santa Cruz Mountains in southwest Santa Clara County, California.	Lions Peak	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Old Cleeve is a village and civil parish 5 miles (8 km) south east of Minehead in the West Somerset district of Somerset, England.	Old Cleeve	Somerset
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Louis Round Wilson Library is a library at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill.	Louis Round Wilson Library	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lewis Falls are located on the Lewis River in Yellowstone National Park, Wyoming, United States.	Lewis Falls	Wyoming
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shida Kartli (Georgian: შიდა ქართლი) is a region (Mkhare) in Georgia.	Shida Kartli	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vancouver Public Schools is a school district in Vancouver, Washington covering 58 square miles (150.2 km2) of land in Clark county.	Vancouver Public Schools	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Piskorzów (pisˈkɔʐuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Domaniów, within Oława County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Piskorzów	Gmina Domaniów
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Marble Arch Caves are a series of natural limestone caves located near the village of Florencecourt in County Fermanagh, Northern Ireland.	Marble Arch Caves	County Fermanagh
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Phoenix Public Library is a municipal library system serving Phoenix, Arizona, and operated by the city of Phoenix.	Phoenix Public Library	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pir Baha ol Din (Persian: پيربهاالدين‎, also Romanized as Pīr Bahā' ol Dīn and Pīr Bahā' od Dīn) is a village in Il Gavark Rural District, in the Central District of Bukan County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Pir Baha ol Din	Il Gavark Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Penfield High School is a public high school located in Penfield, New York, a suburb of Rochester, New York.	Penfield High School	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kiersnówek (kʲɛrsˈnuvɛk) (Ukrainian: Керснівок, Kersnivok) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brańsk, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Kiersnówek	Gmina Brańsk
located in the administrative territorial entity	The River Tone is a river in the English county of Somerset.	River Tone	Somerset
located in the administrative territorial entity	Onondaga Lake is a lake in Central New York located northwest of Syracuse, New York.	Onondaga Lake	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jomehlu (Persian: جمعه لو‎, also Romanized as Jom``ehlū; also known as Dzhamlu and Jum``alu) is a village in Qeshlaqat-e Afshar Rural District, Afshar District, Khodabandeh County, Zanjan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 117, in 24 families.	Jomehlu	Qeshlaqat-e Afshar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sakh Selu (Persian: ساخسلو‎, also Romanized as Sākh Selū, Sākhselū, Sakhasloo, Sākhaslū, and Sākheslū; also known as Sakhseli, Sākheşlī, and Sākhsūlī) is a village in Bedevostan-e Gharbi Rural District, Khvajeh District, Heris County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Sakh Selu	Bedevostan-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mesquite Tower is a free-standing lattice tower located in Mesquite, Texas, USA that is approximately 510 feet (160 m) tall.	Mesquite Tower	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khalil Akbar (Persian: خليل اكبر‎, also Romanized as Khalīl Akbar) is a village in Miyankuh-e Sharqi Rural District, Mamulan District, Pol-e Dokhtar County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Khalil Akbar	Miyankuh-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Schattenburg is a castle, museum and restaurant in Feldkirch, Vorarlberg.	Schattenburg	Vorarlberg
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Langmuir Laboratory for Atmospheric Research is a scientific laboratory studying the cloud processes that produce lightning, hail, and rain, located in the Magdalena Mountains of central New Mexico in the United States.	Langmuir Laboratory for Atmospheric Research	New Mexico
located in the administrative territorial entity	KXTV/KOVR/KCRA Tower is a 472.1 metre (1549 ft) high guy-wired aerial mast for the transmission of FM radio and television programs in Walnut Grove, California, USA.	KXTV/KOVR/KCRA Tower	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Toomey's Mills in Newcastle, Wyoming, began in 1905 as the Newcastle Milling Company and Electric Light Plant.	Toomey's Mills	Wyoming
located in the administrative territorial entity	St. John of God Roman Catholic Church, Convent, and School is a historic church in Kewaskum, Wisconsin, United States.	St. John of God Roman Catholic Church, Convent, and School	Wisconsin
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Maria Baldwin House is a National Historic Landmark located at 196 Prospect Street, Cambridge, Massachusetts, USA.	Maria Baldwin House	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hackington is a semi-rural village and civil parish immediately north of Canterbury in Kent, England the main community of which is Tyler Hill.	Hackington	Kent
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hugh Campbell House is a registered historic building near Harrison, Ohio, listed in the National Register on November 7, 1976.	Hugh Campbell House	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vlađevići (Cyrillic: Влађевићи) is a village in the municipality of Donji Vakuf, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Vlađevići	Donji Vakuf
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rosenithon is a hamlet east of St Keverne in west Cornwall, England.	Rosenithon	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	Guancheng Subdistrict (Chinese:莞城街道; pinyin: Guǎnchéng Jiēdào) is a subdistrict in Guangdong Province, China under the administration of Dongguan City.	Guancheng Subdistrict	Dongguan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lt. Warren Eaton Airport (IATA: OIC, ICAO: KOIC, FAA LID: OIC), also known as Lt. Warren E. Eaton Airport is a county-owned public-use airport in Chenango County, New York, United States.	Lt. Warren Eaton Airport	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Spiritwood/H & M Fast Farms Aerodrome, (TC LID: CHM2), is located 5.8 nautical miles (10.7 km; 6.7 mi) south southwest of Spiritwood, Saskatchewan, Canada.	Spiritwood/H & M Fast Farms Aerodrome	Saskatchewan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Marzak (Persian: مرزك‎) is a village in Baladeh Rural District, Khorramabad District, Tonekabon County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Marzak	Baladeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Northwood Community Park is located in the Northwood community on the corner of Bryan and Yale in the city of Irvine in Orange County, California.	Northwood Community Park	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Marengaz (Persian: مارانگاز‎, also Romanized as Mārengāz and Mārān Gāz; also known as Marangās) is a village in Ab Barik Rural District, in the Central District of Sonqor County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Marengaz	Ab Barik Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Peymot (Persian: پيمط‎, also Romanized as Peymoţ; also known as Peymod and Peymowd) is a village in Mian Band Rural District, in the Central District of Nur County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Peymot	Mian Band Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kortright Centre for Conservation, or simply Kortright Centre, is a suburban conservation area in Vaughan, Ontario, Canada in the northern part of the Greater Toronto Area.	Kortright Centre for Conservation	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bahnhofsviertel (literally: train station quarter) is a city district of Frankfurt am Main, Germany.	Bahnhofsviertel	Frankfurt
located in the administrative territorial entity	Safar Kheyl (Persian: صفرخيل‎, also Romanized as Şafar Kheyl; also known as Aşafar Kheyl) is a village in Siyahrud Rural District, in the Central District of Juybar County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Safar Kheyl	Siyahrud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jaroszyce (jarɔˈʂɨt͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stara Kamienica, within Jelenia Góra County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Jaroszyce	Gmina Stara Kamienica
located in the administrative territorial entity	WGUC is a public radio station serving Cincinnati, Ohio.	WGUC	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Therhi is a town and Union Council in Khairpur District, Sindh province, Pakistan.	Therhi	Khairpur District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Harlem Courthouse at 170 East 121st Street on the corner of Sylvan Place -- a remnant of the former Boston Post Road -- in the Harlem neighborhood of Manhattan, New York City, was built in 1891-93 and was designed by Thom & Wilson in the Romanesque Revival style.	Harlem Courthouse	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Whitby Mansion is a historic mansion in Sidney, Ohio, United States.	Whitby Mansion	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fasharud (Persian: فشارود‎, also Romanized as Fashārūd; also known as Feshār Rūd) is a village in Galehzan Rural District, in the Central District of Khomeyn County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Fasharud	Markazi Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The LKG Tower is an office skyscraper located in Makati, Philippines, and is one of the tallest in the city.	LKG Tower	Makati
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kleinkötz is a village near Günzburg in Bavaria in Germany, the site of a post World War II American sector displaced person camp (see also Scouting in displaced persons camps).	Kleinkötz	Bavaria
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bridge No. L-5573, also known as the Clinton Falls Bridge and Old Mill Bridge, is a historic Pratt through truss steel bridge that spans the Straight River in Clinton Falls Township, Steele County, Minnesota.	Bridge No. L-5573	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chinguetué is a Chilean area located in Valdivia, Valdivia Province, Los Ríos Region.	Chinguetué	Valdivia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Big Cave is a small basaltic shield volcano located in northern California.	Big Cave	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Heilongjiang (Chinese: 黑龙江; pinyin: Hēilóngjiāng ) is a province of the People's Republic of China located in the northeastern part of the country.	Heilongjiang	People's Republic of China
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qarah Qashlu (Persian: قره قاشلو‎, also Romanized as Qarah Qāshlū; also known as Kalash-e Kūchek) is a village in Mehmandust Rural District, Kuraim District, Nir County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Qarah Qashlu	Mehmandust Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Fishing Bridge Museum is one of a series of ``trailside museums'' in Yellowstone National Park, Wyoming, USA, designed by architect Herbert Maier in a style that has become known as National Park Service Rustic.	Fishing Bridge Museum	Wyoming
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bangabasi College (Bengali: বঙ্গবাসী কলেজ) is a Kolkata based liberal arts, commerce and sciences college.	Bangabasi College	Kolkata
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Alan Turing Memorial, situated in the Sackville Park in Manchester, England, is in memory of Alan Turing, a pioneer of modern computing.	Alan Turing Memorial	Manchester
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sterkfontein Dam Nature Reserve, Free State, South Africa is an 18,000 Ha reserve situated to the south west of Harrismith.	Sterkfontein Dam Nature Reserve	Free State
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hanford Carnegie Library, now the Hanford Carnegie Museum, is located in Hanford, Kings County, central California.	Hanford Carnegie Museum	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sumreri is a locality in Sagar district, Madhya Pradesh.	Sumreri	Madhya Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Simou (Greek: Σίμου) is a village in the Paphos District of Cyprus, located 5 km northwest of Fyti.	Simou	Paphos District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Haselbech (Pronounced Hazel-beech) is a village and civil parish in the Daventry district of the county of Northamptonshire in England.	Haselbech	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Park Freeway was a freeway planned and partially constructed in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, United States.	Park Freeway	Wisconsin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Marezige (pronounced (maˈɾeːziɡɛ); Italian: Maresego) is a village in the City Municipality of Koper in the Littoral region of Slovenia.	Marezige	Koper
located in the administrative territorial entity	Paradise Glacier is a glacier on the southeast flank of Mount Rainier in Washington.	Paradise Glacier	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ney Tappeh (Persian: ني تپه‎) is a village in Fenderesk-e Shomali Rural District, Fenderesk District, Ramian County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Ney Tappeh	Fenderesk-e Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Composite House for Terre Haute is a public artwork by American artist Lauren Ewing, located in Gilbert Park at 14 1/2 Street and Wabash Ave. (U.S. Route 40) in Terre Haute, Indiana, United States.	Composite House for Terre Haute	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fort Terán (sometimes Teran or Fort Turan) was a former Mexican military post and Texian settlement located in Tyler County in East Texas.	Fort Terán	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Budzyno-Bolki (buˈd͡zɨnɔ ˈbɔlki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czerwonka, within Maków County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Budzyno-Bolki	Gmina Czerwonka
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Historic Caddo Lake Drawbridge at Mooringsport, Louisiana, is a vertical-lift bridge that is listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.	Caddo Lake Drawbridge	Louisiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	White Horse Bluff is a subaqueous volcano in Wells Gray Provincial Park, east-central British Columbia, Canada.	White Horse Bluff	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Malabon, officially the City of Malabon (Filipino: Lungsod ng Malabon), is one of the cities and municipalities that make up Metro Manila in the Philippines.	Malabon	Metro Manila
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bernardston Congregational Unitarian Church is a historic church building at the junction of Church and Depot Streets in Bernardston, Massachusetts.	Bernardston Congregational Unitarian Church	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pulgas Ridge Open Space Preserve is a public recreation area in the Santa Cruz Mountains, San Mateo County in northern California.	Pulgas Ridge Open Space Preserve	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Tamalpais (/tæməlˈpaɪ.ᵻs/; known locally as Mount Tam) is a peak in Marin County, California, United States, often considered symbolic of Marin County.	Mount Tamalpais	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bajereh (Persian: باجره‎, also Romanized as Bājereh) is a village in Bahmai-ye Garmsiri-ye Shomali Rural District, Bahmai-ye Garmsiri District, Bahmai County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Bajereh	Bahmai-ye Garmsiri-ye Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Beury Mountain Wildlife Management Area is located on 9,232 acres (3,736 ha) near Babcock State Park and New River Gorge National River in Fayette County, West Virginia.	Beury Mountain Wildlife Management Area	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Grose Valley is a rugged valley in the Blue Mountains, New South Wales, Australia.	Grose Valley	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fort Providence Water Aerodrome (TC LID: CEX7), was located 1.5 NM (2.8 km; 1.7 mi) west of Fort Providence, Northwest Territories, Canada.	Fort Providence Water Aerodrome	Northwest Territories
located in the administrative territorial entity	Soda Dam, also known as Alexander Dam (National ID # ID00060), is a dam in Caribou County, Idaho, directly west of the town of Soda Springs.	Soda Dam	Idaho
located in the administrative territorial entity	Haft Kol (Persian: هفت كل‎; also known as Haft Gol) is a village in Mahur Rural District, Mahvarmilani District, Mamasani County, Fars Province, Iran.	Haft Kol	Mahur Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Azarsi-ye Babal Konar (Persian: ازارسي بابل كنار‎, also Romanized as Āzārsī-ye Bābol Kenār) is a village in Deraz Kola Rural District, Babol Kenar District, Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Azarsi-ye Babal Konar	Deraz Kola Rural District	Mazandaran Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Katrim (Persian: كتريم‎, also Romanized as Katrīm) is a village in Farim Rural District, Dodangeh District, Sari County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Katrim	Farim Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	One Riverside Park is a skyscraper currently under development located at 40 Riverside Boulevard in Riverside South, on the Upper West Side neighborhood of Manhattan, New York City.	One Riverside Park	New York City
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chaharkuh Rural District (Persian: دهستان چهاركوه‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Kordkuy County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Chaharkuh Rural District	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kajarestaq (Persian: كجرستاق‎, also Romanized as Kajarestāq) is a village in Garmab Rural District, Chahardangeh District, Sari County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Kajarestaq	Garmab Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gandom Shad (Persian: گندم شاد‎, also Romanized as Gandom Shād) is a village in Bakharz Rural District, in the Central District of Bakharz County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Gandom Shad	Bakharz Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Culverthorpe is a hamlet in the civil parish of Culverthorpe and Kelby, in the North Kesteven district of Lincolnshire, England.	Culverthorpe	North Kesteven
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ffair Rhos (also known as Ffair-rhos) is a small village in the community of Ystrad Fflur, Ceredigion, Wales, which is 63.2 miles (101.8 km) from Cardiff and 167.8 miles (270 km) from London.	Ffair Rhos	Ceredigion
located in the administrative territorial entity	Abbeyhill railway station was a railway station located in the Abbeyhill area of Edinburgh.	Abbeyhill railway station	Edinburgh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qaleh Now-e Shamlu (Persian: قلعه نوشاملو‎, also Romanized as Qal``eh Now-e Shāmlū) is a village in Bakharz Rural District, in the Central District of Bakharz County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 646, in 131 families.	Qaleh Now-e Shamlu	Bakharz Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Składziste (skwaˈd͡ʑistɛ) (Ukrainian: Складисте, Skladyste) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łabowa, within Nowy Sącz County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Składziste	Gmina Łabowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sunflower Aerodrome Gliderport (FAA LID: SN76) is a private glider airport in Reno County, Kansas, United States.	Sunflower Aerodrome Gliderport	Kansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Big Muskie was a coal mining Bucyrus-Erie dragline owned by the Central Ohio Coal Company (formerly a division of American Electric Power), weighing 12700 tonnes and standing nearly 22 stories tall.	Big Muskie	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sierra Safari Zoo is a zoo north of Reno, Nevada, United States.	Sierra Safari Zoo	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Center for Faith and Life is an auditorium located on the campus of Luther College in Decorah, Iowa.	Center for Faith and Life	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kuhbanan County (Persian: شهرستان کوهبنان‎) is a county in Kerman Province in Iran.	Kuhbanan County	Kerman Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cheraghabad Cham Nus (Persian: چراغ ابادچم نوس‎, also Romanized as Cherāghābād Cham Nūs; also known simply as Cherāghābād) is a village in Kakavand-e Gharbi Rural District, Kakavand District, Delfan County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Cheraghabad Cham Nus	Kakavand-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The LSU Campus Mounds or LSU Indian Mounds are two Native American mounds, of the Archaic Period, on the campus of Louisiana State University in Baton Rouge, Louisiana.	LSU Campus Mounds	Louisiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sarai Saleh (Urdu: سرائے صالح‎) is one of the 44 union councils (administrative subdivisions) of Haripur District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan.	Sarai Saleh	Haripur District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Youngman Field at Alumni Stadium is a 3,500-capacity multi-use stadium in Middlebury, Vermont on the campus of the NCAA Division III-affiliated Middlebury College.	Youngman Field at Alumni Stadium	Middlebury
located in the administrative territorial entity	Frimley Green is a suburban village of 2.34 square kilometres (580 acres) with ward status in the English county of Surrey, that has lakes in its south-west which border Hampshire and which has the Lakeside Country Club, the national venue for the BDO international darts competition.	Frimley Green	Surrey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Meridian Community College is a two-year public community college in Meridian, Mississippi (USA).	Meridian Community College	Mississippi
located in the administrative territorial entity	Daryasar Rural District (Persian: دهستان درياسر‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Kumeleh District, Langarud County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Daryasar Rural District	Kumeleh District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mahiabad-e Bala (Persian: مهي ابادبالا‎, also Romanized as Mahīābād-e Bālā) is a village in Kakhk Rural District, Kakhk District, Gonabad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Mahiabad-e Bala	Kakhk Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stary Toruń (ˈstarɨ ˈtɔruɲ) (Old Toruń) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zławieś Wielka, within Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Stary Toruń	Gmina Zławieś Wielka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Windigo First Nations Council is a non-political Chiefs Council in northwestern Ontario, Canada, serving its seven member-First Nations.	Windigo First Nations Council	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	San Michele in Borgo is a Roman Catholic church in Pisa, region of Tuscany, Italy.	San Michele in Borgo	Pisa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fyllingsdalen Church (Norwegian: Fyllingsdalen kirke) is a parish church in Bergen municipality in Hordaland county, Norway.	Fyllingsdalen Church	Bergen
located in the administrative territorial entity	Klesztów (ˈklɛʂtuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żmudź, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Klesztów	Gmina Żmudź
located in the administrative territorial entity	Veerabayangaram is a village in Viluppuram District, Salem District, Kallakurichi Taluk of Tamil Nadu.	Veerabayangaram	Viluppuram
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gurab Sar (Persian: گورابسر‎, also Romanized as Gūrāb Sar and Goorab Sar; also known as Bāzār-e Gūrābsar) is a village in Belesbeneh Rural District, Kuchesfahan District, Rasht County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Gurab Sar	Belesbeneh Rural District	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ndendé is a town and capital of the Dola Department in Ngounié Province, southern Gabon.	Ndendé	Dola Department
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alberbury is a village in Shropshire, England, 9 miles (14 km) west of Shrewsbury on the B4393 road which travels from Ford to Lake Vyrnwy.	Alberbury	Shropshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ruzaneh (Persian: روزنه‎, also Romanized as Rūzaneh and Rowzaneh; also known as Ruzīneh) is a village in Mosharrahat Rural District, in the Central District of Ahvaz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Ruzaneh	Mosharrahat Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stary Żagań (ˈstarɨ ˈʐaɡaɲ) (German: Alt Sagan) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żagań, within Żagań County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.	Stary Żagań	Gmina Żagań
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jehatlu (Persian: جهتلو‎, also Romanized as Jehatlū) is a village in Rowzeh Chay Rural District, in the Central District of Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Jehatlu	Rowzeh Chay Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Colonial Village was an area in northwest Washington, D.C., built in 1931 with 80 residences.	Colonial Village	Washington, D.C.
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kangashi (Persian: كنگاشي‎, also Romanized as Kangāshī) is a village in Bakhtegan Rural District, Abadeh Tashk District, Neyriz County, Fars Province, Iran.	Kangashi	Bakhtegan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hattiesburg Bobby L. Chain Municipal Airport (IATA: HBG, ICAO: KHBG, FAA LID: HBG) in Forrest County, Mississippi is owned by the City of Hattiesburg and is five miles southeast of downtown.	Hattiesburg Bobby L. Chain Municipal Airport	Mississippi
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nervino Airport (FAA LID: O02) is a public airport located one mile (1.6 km) east of Beckwourth, serving Plumas County, California, USA.	Nervino Airport	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	ConVal Regional High School (short for Contoocook Valley Regional High School) is a high school in Peterborough, New Hampshire that serves nine surrounding towns:	ConVal Regional High School	New Hampshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Olympic Studios is an early 20th-century building in Barnes, London, which, after four years of closure, re-opened on 14 October 2013 as the new home for the Olympic Studios cinema.	Olympic Studios	Barnes
located in the administrative territorial entity	Turostówko (turɔsˈtufkɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kiszkowo, within Gniezno County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Turostówko	Gmina Kiszkowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Duluth Entertainment Convention Center (DECC), is a multi-purpose arena and convention center complex located in Duluth, Minnesota.	Duluth Entertainment Convention Center	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Grace Hudson Museum in Ukiah, California is adjacent to the Sun House where artist Grace Hudson and her husband resided until their deaths.	Grace Hudson Museum	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Russell Common is a historic row house at 2--10 Park Terrace in Arlington, Massachusetts.	Russell Common	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fall River Bleachery is an historic textile bleachery on Jefferson Street in Fall River, Massachusetts.	Fall River Bleachery	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pisterzo is part of the municipality of Prossedi in Lazio, Italy.	Pisterzo	Prossedi
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Division of Mayo is an Australian electoral division located in the East, South, South-East and South-West of Adelaide, South Australia.	Division of Mayo	South Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	KRAM (1070 AM) was a radio station licensed to serve West Klamath, Oregon, USA.	KRAM	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Fausse Pointe State Park is located in Iberia Parish, Louisiana and St. Martin Parish, Louisiana, USA.	Lake Fausse Pointe State Park	Louisiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tumianeh (Persian: توميانه‎, also Romanized as Tūmīāneh; also known as Tomīāneh) is a village in Homeyl Rural District, Homeyl District, Eslamabad-e Gharb County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Tumianeh	Kermanshah Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Andover Street Historic District is a linear residential historic district in the Belvidere neighborhood of eastern Lowell, Massachusetts.	Andover Street Historic District	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Array Operations Center (AOC) in Socorro, New Mexico, is the control and monitor center for the Very Long Baseline Array.	Array Operations Center	New Mexico
located in the administrative territorial entity	German Fest is an ethnic festival in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, at the Henry Maier Festival Park, on the Lake Michigan lakefront.	German Fest	Wisconsin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brodzica (brɔˈd͡ʑit͡sa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Hrubieszów, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine.	Brodzica	Gmina Hrubieszów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Karstädt station is the station of Karstädt in the German state of Brandenburg.	Karstädt station	Brandenburg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dungmaed Gewog (Dzongkha: གདུང་སྨད་) (also called Dungme and Dungmin) is a gewog (village block) of Pemagatshel District, Bhutan.	Dungmaed Gewog	Pemagatshel District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Thomas Hawley House at 514 Purdy Hill Road in Monroe, Connecticut, is a historic Colonial American wooden post-and-beam saltbox farm house built in 1755.	Thomas Hawley House	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Kandija Bridge (Slovene: Kandijski most) or the Old Bridge (Stari most) is an iron bridge in Novo Mesto, Slovenia.	Kandija Bridge	Novo Mesto
located in the administrative territorial entity	Loxford is a district of Ilford in the London Borough of Redbridge in north-east London, UK.	Loxford	London Borough of Redbridge
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fornalutx (Catalan pronunciation: (furnəˈlutʃ)) is a mountainous municipality and village on Majorca (Mallorca), one of the Balearic Islands, in Spain.	Fornalutx	Balearic Islands
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vannakkudi is a village in the Thiruvidaimarudur taluk of Thanjavur district, Tamil Nadu, in India.	Vannakkudi	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	The College of Richard Collyer, formerly called Collyer's School, is a coeducational sixth form college in Horsham, West Sussex, England.	The College of Richard Collyer	Horsham	West Sussex
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mowry Bluff Archeological Site, in Frontier County, Nebraska, near Cambridge, Nebraska, is a 10-acre (4.0 ha) archeological site that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.	Mowry Bluff Archeological Site	Nebraska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Abad-e Soleyman (Persian: ابادسليمان‎, also Romanized as Ābād-e Soleymān and Ābād Soleymān; also known as Ābād, Dāmdārī-ye Takāpū, and Soleymānābād) is a village in Baraan-e Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Isfahan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Abad-e Soleyman	Baraan-e Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pol Havas (Persian: پل هواس‎, also Romanized as Pol Havās and Pel Havās; also known as Bolhavāz) is a village in Sanjabi Rural District, Kuzaran District, Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Pol Havas	Sanjabi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Büttelberg is a 530 m high, forest-covered mountain of Bavaria, Germany.	Büttelberg	Bavaria
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Geelong Performing Arts Centre (GPAC) is a performing arts, functions, and events venue located in Geelong, Victoria, Australia.	Geelong Performing Arts Centre	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Little Placentia Sound is a small natural bay (sound) located within Placentia Bay on the Avalon Peninsula of the island of Newfoundland, in the Canadian province of Newfoundland and Labrador.	Little Placentia Sound	Newfoundland and Labrador
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chavdar Municipality is one of the municipalities in Sofia Province, Bulgaria.	Chavdar Municipality	Sofia Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Guthega Power Station is located in the Snowy Mountains region of New South Wales, Australia.	Guthega Power Station	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Toskatok (Persian: تسكاتك‎, also Romanized as Toskātok; also known as Tūskātok) is a village in Baladeh Kojur Rural District, in the Central District of Nowshahr County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Toskatok	Baladeh Kojur Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Meleh-ye Shabanan (Persian: مله شبانان‎, also Romanized as Meleh-ye Shabānān, Maleh Shabānān, and Mele Shabānān; also known as Maleh Shabānān-e Yek) is a village in Dowreh Rural District, Chegeni District, Dowreh County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Meleh-ye Shabanan	Dowreh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Westlands Water District is a water district in central California, i.e. a local-government entity formed in 1952 that holds long-term contracts for water supplied by the Central Valley Project and the State Water Project.	Westlands Water District	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Braystones is a village in Cumbria, England on the Irish Sea coast.	Braystones	Cumbria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Formerly called the Doctor Holladay House, the Holladay House in Orange, Virginia (c.a. 1830) is on the nationally recognized Journey Through Hallowed Ground.	Holladay House	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Uisge Ban Falls Provincial Park (alternative spellings 'Easach'; 'Bàn' or 'Bahn') is a provincial park near New Glen, in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia on Cape Breton Island, 14.5 kilometres (9 miles) north of Baddeck.	Uisge Ban Falls Provincial Park	Nova Scotia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Briatico is a comune and coastal town in Calabria, Italy, in the Province of Vibo Valentia.	Briatico	Province of Vibo Valentia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Waddells Mill Pond Site is an archaeological site located seven miles northwest of Marianna, Florida.	Waddells Mill Pond Site	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Launch Complex 39 Press Site is a news media facility at Launch Complex 39 at the John F. Kennedy Space Center (KSC) on Merritt Island, Florida where journalists have observed every U.S. manned space launch since Apollo 8 in 1968.	Launch Complex 39 Press Site	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bal Rud (Persian: بالرود‎, also Romanized as Bāl Rūd; also known as Bāl Rū) is a village in Zilayi Rural District, Margown District, Boyer-Ahmad County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Bal Rud	Zilayi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Collins Correctional Facility is a medium security prison in Collins, New York in the USA.	Collins Correctional Facility	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Trzemeśnia (tʂɛˈmɛɕɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Myślenice, within Myślenice County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Trzemeśnia	Gmina Myślenice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Old Webster Schoolhouse, also known as Markleeville Schoolhouse is located at 135 School St., Markleeville, in Alpine County, California.	Old Webster Schoolhouse	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khub Yaran-e Sofla (Persian: خوبياران سفلي‎, also Romanized as Khūb Yārān-e Soflá; also known as Khūb Yārān-e Pā’īn and Qanbar) is a village in Jalalvand Rural District, Firuzabad District, Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Khub Yaran-e Sofla	Kermanshah Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cards Pond, or Card Pond, is a coastal lagoon in South Kingstown, Washington County, Rhode Island, United States.	Cards Pond	Rhode Island
located in the administrative territorial entity	The King William County Courthouse is a courthouse located in the town of King William, King William County, Virginia.	King William County Courthouse	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yabalcheni (Bulgarian: Ябълчени) is a village in Chernoochene Municipality, in Kardzhali Province, in southern-central Bulgaria.	Yabalcheni	Chernoochene Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Gold Country (also Mother Lode Country) is a historic region in the U.S. State of California, primarily located on the western slope of the Sierra Nevada.	Gold Country	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Patyków (paˈtɨkuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sulmierzyce, within Pajęczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Patyków	Gmina Sulmierzyce
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chino Valley Medical Center (CVMC) is a 126-bed acute care facility in Chino, California.	Chino Valley Medical Center	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hypnotic Donuts is a small chain of doughnut shops, with its first store in Dallas, Texas and another in Denton, Texas.	Hypnotic Donuts	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Moundsville Bridge is a four-lane through arch bridge that connects Mead Township, Ohio and Moundsville, West Virginia across the Ohio River.	Moundsville Bridge	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fish Creek Falls is a waterfall located about 5 miles to the east of Steamboat Springs, Colorado in Routt National Forest.	Fish Creek Falls	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Fort Washington Avenue Armory, also known as the Fort Washington Armory and The Armory, is located at 216 Fort Washington Avenue, between West 168th and 169th Streets, in the Washington Heights neighborhood of Manhattan, New York City.	Fort Washington Avenue Armory	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yuzbashi Kandi (Persian: يوزباشي كندي‎, also Romanized as Yūzbāshī Kandī; also known as Yūzbāsh Kandī) is a village in Obatu Rural District, Karaftu District, Divandarreh County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Yuzbashi Kandi	Obatu Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Friday Street is a hamlet (rural neighbourhood) on the gentle lower north slope of Leith Hill in Surrey, England.	Friday Street	Surrey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Badarli (Kannada: ಬಾದರ್ಲಿ ) is a village in the Sindhanur taluk of Raichur district in the Indian state of Karnataka.	Badarli	Raichur district	Karnataka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Escàs (Catalan pronunciation: (əsˈkas), locally: (asˈkas)) is a village in Andorra, located in the parish of La Massana.	Escàs	La Massana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Palanga Rural District (Persian: دهستان پلنگا‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Shahrud District, Khalkhal County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Palanga Rural District	Shahrud District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tallahassee International Airport (IATA: TLH, ICAO: KTLH, FAA LID: TLH) is a city-owned public airport five miles southwest of Downtown Tallahassee, in Leon County, Florida.	Tallahassee International Airport	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yabaolu (Chinese: 雅宝路; pinyin: yǎbǎolù, Yabao Road) is a street and area in Beijing, China, running from Chaoyangmenwai to Jianguomenwai.	Yabaolu	Beijing
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sur Dar (Persian: سوردر‎, also Romanized as Sūr Dar) is a village in Rameshk Rural District, Chah Dadkhoda District, Qaleh Ganj County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Sur Dar	Chah Dadkhoda District
located in the administrative territorial entity	West Kowloon Highway (Chinese: 西九龍公路; pinyin: Xī Jiǔlóng Gōnglù; Cantonese Yale: sai1 gau2 lung4 gung1 lou6) is a section of Route 3 in Hong Kong, built as part of the Airport Core Programme.	West Kowloon Highway	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Museums at Washington and Chapin are several museums that share a campus in South Bend, Indiana.	The Museums at Washington and Chapin	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kleszczewo-Osada (klɛʂˈt͡ʂɛvɔ ɔˈsada) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Miłki, within Giżycko County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Kleszczewo-Osada	Gmina Miłki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pukeh Abbas (Persian: پوكه عباس‎, also Romanized as Pūkeh ʿAbbās) is a village in Ozgoleh Rural District, Ozgoleh District, Salas-e Babajani County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Pukeh Abbas	Ozgoleh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Villanova College is a private, Roman Catholic school for boys located in Coorparoo, a southern suburb of Brisbane, Queensland, Australia.	Villanova College	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	KLLZ-FM (99.1 FM, ``Z99'') is a radio station broadcasting from Bemidji, Minnesota (licensed to Walker, Minnesota), and airs a classic rock format.	KLLZ-FM	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bąkowiec (bɔnˈkɔvjɛt͡s) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Garbatka-Letnisko, within Kozienice County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Bąkowiec	Gmina Garbatka-Letnisko
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hôtel d'Assézat in Toulouse, France, is a Renaissance hôtel particulier (palace) of the 16th century which houses the Bemberg Foundation, a major art gallery of the city.	Hôtel d'Assézat	Toulouse
located in the administrative territorial entity	Meridian Medical Arts Charter High School is a chartered high school in Meridian, Idaho focused on integrating a health science curriculum inside and outside the classroom.	Meridian Medical Arts Charter High School	Idaho
located in the administrative territorial entity	Høgronden is a mountain in Folldal, Hedmark, Norway and lies in the north east part of the mountain range Rondane.	Høgronden	Folldal
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mechanical Fabric Company is a historic factory complex on Cromwell and Sprague Streets in Providence, Rhode Island.	Mechanical Fabric Company	Providence
located in the administrative territorial entity	1322 Golden Empire Tower (formerly known as 1322 Roxas Boulevard) is a 57-storey residential skyscraper in Manila, Philippines.	1322 Golden Empire Tower	Manila
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gorenje Kamence (pronounced (ɡɔˈɾeːnjɛ ˈkaːmɛntsɛ)) is a settlement north of the town of Novo Mesto in southeastern Slovenia.	Gorenje Kamence	Novo Mesto
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bangestan (Persian: بنگستان‎, also Romanized as Bangestān; also known as Bangestān-e Bālā and Tangestān) is a village in Howmeh-ye Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Ramhormoz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Bangestan	Howmeh-ye Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wynne High School is a public secondary school for students in grades nine through twelve located in Wynne, Arkansas, United States.	Wynne High School	Arkansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Assam State Museum is located in the southern end of Dighali Pukhuri tank which is in the heart of Guwahati city, Assam.	Assam State Museum	Guwahati
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Butler Range is a subrange of the Finlay Ranges of the Omineca Mountains, located on the west side of Finlay Reach in northern British Columbia, Canada.	Butler Range	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zerehdar (Persian: زره در‎; also known as Zadeh Dar, Zardar, and Zereh) is a village in Tarrud Rural District, in the Central District of Damavand County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Zerehdar	Tarrud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Whitaker-McClendon House is a living history museum located at 806 W. Houston Street, in the city of Tyler, county of Smith in the U.S. state of Texas.	Whitaker-McClendon House	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wołowa (vɔˈwɔva) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bulkowo, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Wołowa	Gmina Bulkowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Swanshurst Park is a public park in Birmingham, England and managed by Birmingham City Council.	Swanshurst Park	Birmingham
located in the administrative territorial entity	WRNQ (92.1 FM, ``Q92'') is an adult contemporary radio station licensed to Poughkeepsie, New York and serving the Mid-Hudson Valley of New York state.	WRNQ	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Paulus Church (Norwegian: Paulus kirke; tr. Paul's Church or St. Paul's Church) is a church which was consecrated in 1892, located in Grünerløkka in Oslo, Norway, just opposite the Birkelunden Park.	Paulus Church	Oslo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Arden Fair Mall is a two-level regional shopping mall located on Arden Way in Sacramento, California, USA.	Arden Fair Mall	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Arzeh Khvoran (Persian: ارزه خوران‎, also Romanized as Arzeh Khvorān and Arzeh Khowrān; also known as Arzeh Khvorān-e Bozorg) is a village in Oryad Rural District, in the Central District of Mahneshan County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Arzeh Khvoran	Oryad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	McClintock High School is a high school located in Tempe, Arizona, approximately two miles southeast of the campus of Arizona State University.	McClintock High School	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rennes is the capital of the region of Brittany, as well as the Ille-et-Vilaine department.	Rennes	Ille-et-Vilaine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pari Mordeh-ye Bala (Persian: پري مرده بالا‎‎, also Romanized as Parī Mordeh-ye Bālā; also known as Pari Mordeh) is a village in Gerit Rural District, Papi District, Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Pari Mordeh-ye Bala	Gerit Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khatib Gurab (Persian: خطيب گوراب‎, also Romanized as Khaţīb Gūrāb) is a village in Rud Pish Rural District, in the Central District of Fuman County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Khatib Gurab	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Roxburgh Castle is a ruined royal castle, overlooking the junction of the rivers Tweed and Teviot, in the Borders region of Scotland.	Roxburgh Castle	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Institute of Bill of Rights Law (IBRL), founded in 1982, is a center for the study of constitutional law at the William & Mary School of Law in Williamsburg, Virginia, United States.	Institute of Bill of Rights Law	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Curzon Gate (also known as Curzon Gateway) is a residential development located on the edge of Birmingham City Centre, England, on a prominent gateway site into the city centre.	Curzon Gate	Birmingham
located in the administrative territorial entity	Niwki Książęce ((ˈnifki kɕɔ̃ˈʐɛnt͡sɛ) German: Fürstlich Niefken) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Międzybórz, within Oleśnica County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Niwki Książęce	Gmina Międzybórz
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Anne Frank Zentrum (Anne Frank Centre) is a facility located in Berlin, which is committed to promoting a varied and lively society and to working against anti-Semitism, prejudice and any kind of discrimination against people.	Anne Frank Zentrum	Berlin
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lamar Mounds and Village Site (9BI2) is an important archaeological site on the banks of the Ocmulgee River in Bibb County, Georgia (U.S. state) and several miles to the southeast of the Ocmulgee Mound Site.	Lamar Mounds and Village Site	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Maullín is Chilean town and commune in Llanquihue Province which is part of Los Lagos Region.	Maullín	Llanquihue Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vaivoe is a hamlet in the northwestern Whalsay in the parish of Nesting in the Shetland Islands of Scotland.	Vaivoe	Shetland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Baba Heyran (Persian: باباحيران‎, also Romanized as Bābā Ḩeyrān; also known as Bābā Jeyrān) is a village in Hasanabad Rural District, in the Central District of Ravansar County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Baba Heyran	Hasanabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gablin (ˈɡablin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dominowo, within Środa Wielkopolska County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Gablin	Gmina Dominowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Elbow Pass is the mountain pass between the Highwood and Elbow areas in Kananaskis Country, Alberta, Canada.	Elbow Pass	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Soltan Mohammad-e Taher (Persian: سلطان محمدطاهر‎, also Romanized as Solţān Moḩammad-e Ţāher; also known as Emāmzādeh Solţān Moḩammad-e Ţāher) is a village in Feyziyeh Rural District, in the Central District of Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Soltan Mohammad-e Taher	Feyziyeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kosarzew-Stróża (kɔˈsaʐɛf ˈstruʐa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzczonów, within Lublin County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Kosarzew-Stróża	Gmina Krzczonów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ryves Holt House (1665) is purportedly the oldest surviving house in the U.S. state of Delaware.	Ryves Holt House	Delaware
located in the administrative territorial entity	Leżenice (lɛʐɛˈnit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Głowaczów, within Kozienice County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Leżenice	Gmina Głowaczów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Protschenberg (Sorbian Hrodźiško) is a mountain of Saxony, southeastern Germany.	Protschenberg	Saxony
located in the administrative territorial entity	Roesbrugge is the largest of two villages that make up the ``deelgemeente'' Roesbrugge-Haringe in the municipality of Poperinge.	Roesbrugge	Poperinge
located in the administrative territorial entity	The ornate Moorish Revival Leipzig Synagogue in Leipzig, Saxony, Germany, was built in 1855 by German Jewish architect Otto Simonson who had studied under Gottfried Semper, architect of the Semper Synagogue in Dresden.	Leipzig Synagogue	Saxony
located in the administrative territorial entity	Do Rah-e Ghomashkeh (Persian: دوراه غماشكه‎, also Romanized as Do Rāh-e Ghomāshkeh; also known as Do Rāh) is a village in Sadat Mahmudi Rural District, Pataveh District, Dana County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Do Rah-e Ghomashkeh	Sadat Mahmudi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Indian Spring Country Club (ISCC) is a public 18-hole golf course located in Evesham Township, New Jersey.	Indian Spring Country Club	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Goodland Academy is a private school and home located 3 miles (4.8 km) southwest of Hugo in Southeastern Oklahoma.	Goodland Academy	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Devil's Foot Cemetery Archeological Site, RI-694 is an archaeological site in North Kingstown, Rhode Island.	Devil's Foot Cemetery Archeological Site, RI-694	North Kingstown
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nasrollah Mahalleh (Persian: نصرالله محله‎, also Romanized as Naşrollāh Maḩalleh; also known as Naşrollāh Khān Maḩalleh) is a village in Gasht Rural District, in the Central District of Fuman County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Nasrollah Mahalleh	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Obeyd-e Gate (Persian: عبيدگاطع‎, also Romanized as ``Obeyd-e Gāţe``) is a village in Bostan Rural District, Bostan District, Dasht-e Azadegan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.	Obeyd-e Gate	Bostan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The San Gabriel Valley is one of the principal valleys of Southern California, lying generally to the east of the city of Los Angeles.	San Gabriel Valley	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	North Melbourne Town Hall is the former town hall of the Town of Hotham (later renamed the Town of North Melbourne) in the state of Victoria.	North Melbourne Town Hall	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eagan High School (EHS) is a public high school in east-central Eagan, Minnesota.	Eagan High School	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	San Juan Island is the second-largest and most populous of the San Juan Islands in northwestern Washington, United States.	San Juan Island	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Buckingham Friends Meeting House, in Buckingham Township, Pennsylvania, built in 1768 in a ``doubled'' style, is nationally significant as a model for other Friends Meeting Houses.	Buckingham Friends Meeting House	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Kaisertal (formerly Sparchental) is a striking mountain valley between the mountain chains of the Zahmer and Wilder Kaiser in Austria's Kaisergebirge range in the Tyrol.	Kaisertal	Tyrol
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gniechowice (ɡɲɛxɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kąty Wrocławskie, within Wrocław County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Gniechowice	Gmina Kąty Wrocławskie
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Vasile Pârvan Institute of Archaeology (Romanian: Institutul de Arheologie ``Vasile Pârvan'' ) is an institute of the Romanian Academy, located in Bucharest, Romania and specialized in prehistory, ancient history, classical archeology and medieval history.	Vasile Pârvan Institute of Archaeology	Bucharest
located in the administrative territorial entity	Al-Merrikh Stadium, also known as the red castle, is a multi-use stadium in Omdurman, Sudan.	Al-Merrikh Stadium	Omdurman
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dorgali (Sardinian: Durgali) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Nuoro in the Italian region Sardinia, located about 230 kilometres (140 mi) northeast of Cagliari and about 38 kilometres (24 mi) east of Nuoro in the Seaside Supramonte mountain area.	Dorgali	Province of Nuoro
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Allgäu Alps (German: Allgäuer Alpen) are a mountain range in the Northern Limestone Alps, located in Bavaria in Germany and Tyrol and Vorarlberg in Austria.	Allgäu Alps	Tyrol
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brewster Creek is located in the Firestone Park area of Akron, Ohio and is a vital drainage waterway for the region.	Brewster Creek	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Pacific Coast Railway Company Grain Warehouse is a warehouse building located at 65 Higuera St. in San Luis Obispo, California.	Pacific Coast Railway Company Grain Warehouse	San Luis Obispo
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Big Walker Mountain Tunnel is a vehicular tunnel in the Appalachian Mountains of Southwest Virginia that carries Interstate 77 through/under Big Walker Mountain.	Big Walker Mountain Tunnel	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Karvaneh-ye Vosta (Persian: كاروانه وسطي‎, also Romanized as Kārvāneh-ye Vosţá) is a village in Sar Firuzabad Rural District, Firuzabad District, Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Karvaneh-ye Vosta	Sar Firuzabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chonaq Bolagh-e Sofla (Persian: چناقبلاغ سفلي‎, also Romanized as Chonāq Bolāgh-e Soflá) is a village in Quri Chay-ye Gharbi Rural District, Saraju District, Maragheh County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Chonaq Bolagh-e Sofla	Quri Chay-ye Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bourbeuse River (French for 'muddy') is a river located in east-central Missouri, in the Ozarks region, and is one of two major tributaries of the Meramec River, the other being the Big River.	Bourbeuse River	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bad Liebenzell is part of the Calw district; it in turn comprises seven sub-districts besides the town itself:	Bad Liebenzell	Calw
located in the administrative territorial entity	Balmain Colliery was a coal mine located in Birchgrove in the inner-west of Sydney, in the state of New South Wales, Australia.	Balmain Colliery	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Samson Indian Reserve No. 137, also known as Samson No. 137 and Samson 137, and as the Samson Reserve, is an Indian reserve in Maskwacis, Alberta, Canada.	Samson Indian Reserve No. 137	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Maziarze Stare (maˈʑaʐɛ ˈstarɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Iłża, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Maziarze Stare	Gmina Iłża
located in the administrative territorial entity	Malcolm, Maryland is a small unincorporated community, essentially centered on a five-way intersection in Charles County, Maryland, about 7 miles (11 km) east of Waldorf.	Malcolm, Maryland	Charles County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Estádio Manoel Barradas, usually known as Barradão, is a multi-purpose stadium in Salvador, Brazil.	Barradão	Salvador
located in the administrative territorial entity	Laban-e Sofla (Persian: لبان سفلي‎, also Romanized as Labān-e Soflá; also known as Labān and Lavān-e Pā’īn) is a village in Silakhor Rural District, Silakhor District, Dorud County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Laban-e Sofla	Silakhor Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gijow (Persian: گيجو‎, also Romanized as Gījow and Gījū) is a village in Kharajgil Rural District, Asalem District, Talesh County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Gijow	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Whitelackington is a village and civil parish on the A303 one mile north east of Ilminster, in Somerset, England.	Whitelackington	Somerset
located in the administrative territorial entity	Basat Beygi (Persian: بساط بيگي‎, also Romanized as Basāţ Beygī; also known as Qal``eh-ye Basāţ Beygī and Qal’eh Basāt) is a village in Kunani Rural District, Kunani District, Kuhdasht County, Lorestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 2,676, in 546 families.	Basat Beygi	Kunani Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ghaniaan is a village and Union council of Phalia Tehsil, Mandi Bahauddin District, Punjab, Pakistan.	Ghaniaan	Mandi Bahauddin District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kaathoven is a hamlet in the municipality of 's-Hertogenbosch, province of North Brabant, the Netherlands.	Kaathoven	's-Hertogenbosch
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Munson-Williams-Proctor Arts Institute (MWPAI) is a regional fine arts center founded in 1919 and located in Utica, New York.	Munson-Williams-Proctor Arts Institute	Utica
located in the administrative territorial entity	Strelna (Russian: Стре́льна) is a municipal settlement in Petrodvortsovy District of the federal city of St. Petersburg, Russia, located about halfway between St. Petersburg proper and Petergof and overlooking the shore of the Gulf of Finland.	Strelna	Petrodvortsovy District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lowell National Historical Park is a National Historical Park of the United States located in Lowell, Massachusetts.	Lowell National Historical Park	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stroud Mall is an indoor shopping mall located in Stroudsburg, Pennsylvania.	Stroud Mall	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alamo Landing Field (FAA LID: L92) is a public-use airport located 2 nautical miles (3.7 km; 2.3 mi) west of the central business district of Alamo, in Lincoln County, Nevada, United States.	Alamo Landing Field	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Groovefest Music & Art Festival - formerly Groovefest American Music Festival is a multi-day music festival held in Cedar City, Utah.	Groovefest American Music Festival	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Travel Town Museum is a transport museum dedicated on December 14, 1952 and located within the northwest corner of Los Angeles, California's Griffith Park.	Travel Town Museum	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gat Cheshmeh (Persian: گت چشمه‎, also Romanized as Gach Cheshmeh and Kat Cheshmeh) is a village in Shohada Rural District, Yaneh Sar District, Behshahr County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Gat Cheshmeh	Shohada Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Niesiebędowice (ɲɛɕɛbɛndɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korfantów, within Nysa County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Niesiebędowice	Gmina Korfantów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Earls Court Exhibition Centre is a closed exhibition, conference and events venue in London that originally opened in 1887 and was rebuilt in 1937 in its most recent art deco style exterior.	Earls Court Exhibition Centre	London
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gilroy High School is a co-educational public school located in Gilroy, California, that serves the city of Gilroy.	Gilroy High School	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Llançà (Catalan pronunciation: (ʎənˈsa)) is a municipality in the comarca of the Alt Empordà in Catalonia, Spain.	Llançà	Alt Empordà
located in the administrative territorial entity	Neuwiller (French pronunciation: ​(nœvilɛʁ), Alsatian and Basel German: Neiwìller, German: Neuweiler) is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department in Alsace in north-eastern France.	Neuwiller	Haut-Rhin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chal Zamin (Persian: چال زمين‎, also Romanized as Chāl Zamīn; also known as Chāleh Zamīn) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District, Kelardasht District, Chalus County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Chal Zamin	Kuhestan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zlaté Hory (Czech pronunciation: (ˈzlatɛː ˈɦorɪ); until 1948 Cukmantl, German: Zuckmantel) is a town in the Jeseník District, Olomouc Region, Czech Republic, on the border with Poland.	Zlaté Hory	Jeseník District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aghel Kamar (Persian: اغل كمر‎, also Romanized as Āghel Kamar and Āghol Kamar) is a village in Karizan Rural District, Nasrabad District, Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Aghel Kamar	Razavi Khorasan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Auchincruive is a former country house and estate in South Ayrshire, Scotland.	Auchincruive	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	CJQC-FM, branded as Queens County Community Radio is a Canadian radio station that broadcasts at 99.3 FM in Liverpool, Nova Scotia.	CJQC-FM	Nova Scotia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Solheimsviken is a bay and a neighbourhood in the city of Bergen in Hordaland county, Norway.	Solheimsviken	Bergen
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ausadie Building, at 845 First Ave. SE, in Cedar Rapids, Iowa is a historic building that is listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP).	Ausadie Building	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Allahian (Persian: الهيان‎, also Romanized as Allāhīān, Eláhīān, Allāhayān, Allāhīyān, Allāhyān, Allayan, Elahīān, and Elahiyan) is a village in Shirin Darreh Rural District, in the Central District of Quchan County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Allahian	Razavi Khorasan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qurahjil (Persian: قوره جيل‎, also Romanized as Qūrahjīl) is a village in Kermajan Rural District, in the Central District of Kangavar County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Qurahjil	Kermajan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Macalister River, a perennial river of the West Gippsland catchment, is located in the Alpine and Gippsland regions of the Australian state of Victoria.	Macalister River	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aykhal (Russian: Айха́л; Yakut: Айхал) is an urban locality (an urban-type settlement) in Mirninsky District of the Sakha Republic, Russia, located 469 kilometers (291 mi) from Mirny, the administrative center of the district, in the basin of the Vilyuy River.	Aykhal	Mirninsky District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Garm Salar Reza (Persian: گرم سالاررضا‎, also Romanized as Garm Sālār Rez̤ā) is a village in Garmsar Rural District, Jebalbarez-e Jonubi District, Anbarabad County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Garm Salar Reza	Garmsar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chah-e Konari (Persian: چاه كناري‎, also Romanized as Chāh-e Konārī) is a village in Mosaferabad Rural District, Rudkhaneh District, Rudan County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Chah-e Konari	Mosaferabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tillo or Aydınlar is a district of Siirt Province of Turkey.	Tillo	Siirt Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Przeździatka-Kolonia (pʂɛʑˈd͡ʑatka kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sokołów Podlaski, within Sokołów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Przeździatka-Kolonia	Gmina Sokołów Podlaski
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Resch Center is a 10,200 seat multi-purpose arena, in Ashwaubenon, Wisconsin, United States.	Resch Center	Ashwaubenon
located in the administrative territorial entity	WRNC-LP is a student-owned, freeform radio station on 97.7 MHz, and serves the Chequamegon Bay area from the campus of Northland College in Ashland, Wisconsin.	WRNC-LP	Wisconsin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Roederer Correctional Complex is a minimum and medium-security state prison located in Buckner, Oldham County, near La Grange, Kentucky.	Roederer Correctional Complex	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kushki Torkaman (Persian: كوشكي تركمن‎, also Romanized as Kūshkī Torkaman) is a village in Atrak Rural District, Maneh District, Maneh and Samalqan County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Kushki Torkaman	Atrak Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Queen Sofía Spanish Institute is an organization in New York City founded to promote the Spanish language and the culture of Spain.	Queen Sofía Spanish Institute	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Holt Park is a medium-sized low-rise 1970s housing estate in the northwest suburbs of Leeds, West Yorkshire, England.	Holt Park	Leeds
located in the administrative territorial entity	Raigmore Hospital (Scottish Gaelic: Ospadal an Rathaig Mhòir) is the largest hospital in the NHS Highland Health Board, located in Inverness, Scotland.	Raigmore Hospital	Highland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alto Colorado (Spanish for Upper Colorado, pronounced: (ˈalto koloˈɾaðo)) is a Chilean village located 15 kilometres (9.3 mi) northeast of Pichilemu, Cardenal Caro Province.	Alto Colorado	Pichilemu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lenoir Memorial Hospital is a non-profit hospital located in Kinston, North Carolina.	Lenoir Memorial Hospital	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Przyjmo (ˈpʂɨi̯mɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miedziana Góra, within Kielce County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Przyjmo	Gmina Miedziana Góra
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mazeh Sarvemam Qoli (Persian: مازه سروامام قلي‎, also Romanized as Māzeh Sarvemām Qolī) is a village in Ahmadfedaleh Rural District, Sardasht District, Dezful County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Mazeh Sarvemam Qoli	Ahmadfedaleh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Doesburg (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈduzbʏrx)) is a municipality and a city in the eastern Netherlands in the province of Gelderland.	Doesburg	Gelderland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Burk's Falls is an incorporated village in the Almaguin Highlands region of Parry Sound District, Ontario, Canada, located 265 kilometres (165 mi) north of Toronto and 90 kilometres (56 mi) south of North Bay, Ontario.	Burk's Falls	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	The John M. Wynne Unit (WY) is a men's prison of the Texas Department of Criminal Justice, located in northern Huntsville, Texas, at the intersection of Farm to Market Road 2821 West and Texas State Highway 75 North.	Wynne Unit	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Moss Tobacco Factory was a historic tobacco factory located at Clarksville, Mecklenburg County, Virginia.	Moss Tobacco Factory	Mecklenburg County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Miland is a small village in Tinn with a population of 388.	Miland	Tinn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Coolidge Corner is a neighborhood of Brookline, Massachusetts, centered on the intersection of Beacon Street and Harvard Street.	Coolidge Corner	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kisimul Castle (Scottish Gaelic: Caisteal Chiosmuil) and also known as Kiessimul Castle, is a small medieval castle located on a small island off Castlebay, Barra, in the Outer Hebrides, Scotland.	Kisimul Castle	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Queens is the easternmost and largest in area of the five boroughs of New York City, geographically adjacent to the borough of Brooklyn at the western end of Long Island.	Queens	New York City
located in the administrative territorial entity	Glen Cowie was never granted a municipal status, it falls under a ward that falls under the Makhuduthamaga Local Municipality.	Glen Cowie	Makhuduthamaga Local Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Popowo-Letnisko (pɔˈpɔvɔ lɛtˈniskɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Somianka, within Wyszków County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Popowo-Letnisko	Gmina Somianka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Etters Bridge, also known as Green Lane Bridge, is a historic Pratt truss bridge in Lower Allen Township, Cumberland County, Pennsylvania and Fairview Township, York County, Pennsylvania.	Etters Bridge	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Northpoint Training Center is a medium-security prison located in Boyle County, near Danville, Kentucky.	Northpoint Training Center	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wola Marzeńska (ˈvɔla maˈʐɛɲska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sędziejowice, within Łask County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Wola Marzeńska	Gmina Sędziejowice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grassy Key, Florida, is an island in the middle Florida Keys.	Grassy Key	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Thappalampuliyur is a village situated 5 km south east of Thiruvarur in Tamil Nadu, India.	Thappalampuliyur	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sakraba (also, Sukraba) is a village of the Chakhesang tribe located in the Phek district in Nagaland.	Sakraba	Nagaland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ribersborgsstranden is a neighbourhood of Malmö, situated in the district of Innerstaden, Malmö Municipality, Skåne County, Sweden.	Ribersborgsstranden	Malmö Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Millington Regional Jetport (IATA: NQA, ICAO: KNQA, FAA LID: NQA), formerly known as Millington Municipal Airport, is a public airport in the city of Millington, in Shelby County, Tennessee, USA.	Millington Regional Jetport	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Torres-Martinez Desert Cahuilla Indians is a federally recognized tribe of Cahuilla and Chemehuevi Indians, located in Imperial and Riverside counties in California.	Torres-Martinez Desert Cahuilla Indians	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Amalveor (Cornish: Amal Veur, meaning great slope) is a hamlet in West Penwith, Cornwall, England, United Kingdom at grid reference SW 482 375.	Amalveor	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	Galu Kondeh (Persian: گلوكنده‎, also Romanized as Galū Kondeh) is a village in Garmsar Rural District, Jebalbarez-e Jonubi District, Anbarabad County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Galu Kondeh	Garmsar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ali Koti (Persian: علي كتي‎, also Romanized as ``Alī Kotī; also known as Alkotī) is a village in Mazkureh Rural District, in the Central District of Sari County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 88, in 27 families.	Ali Koti	Mazkureh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Tolu Site (15 CN 1) is a prehistoric archeological site of the Mississippian culture near the unincorporated community of Tolu, Crittenden County, Kentucky, United States.	Tolu Site	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kestle and Kestle Mill are hamlets in Cornwall, England.	Kestle	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stropkowo (strɔpˈkɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zawidz, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Stropkowo	Gmina Zawidz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Napaskiak Airport (IATA: PKA, ICAO: PAPK, FAA LID: PKA) is a state-owned, public-use airport located one nautical mile (1.85 km) southwest of the central business district of Napaskiak, a city in the Bethel Census Area of the U.S. state of Alaska.	Napaskiak Airport	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	The North Umpqua Trail is a multi-use trail open for hiking, mountain biking and horse-back riding that follows the North Umpqua River in Southern Oregon, United States.	North Umpqua Trail	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vigo, Indiana is a small unincorporated community in Vigo County in the U.S. state of Indiana.	Vigo, Indiana	Vigo County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Baring Mountain, or Mount Baring, is a peak in the central part of the Cascade Range of Washington, United States.	Baring Mountain	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Via della Lungara is a street that links Via di Porta Settimiana to Piazza della Rovere in Rome (Italy), in the Rione Trastevere.	Via della Lungara	Rome
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Penetangore River is a river in Kincardine, Bruce County in Southwestern Ontario, Canada.	Penetangore River	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	KCML (99.9 FM, ``More FM'') is a radio station in St. Cloud, Minnesota, airing an adult contemporary music format.	KCML	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rocca al Mare (Estonian pronunciation: (ˈrokˑˈɑlˑˈmɑ:re)) is a subdistrict (Estonian: asum) in the district of Haabersti, Tallinn, the capital of Estonia.	Rocca al Mare	Tallinn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ilola (Swedish: Gladas) is a city district of the municipality of Vantaa, Finland.	Ilola	Vantaa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aspen City Hall, known in the past as Armory Hall, Fraternal Hall, is located at the intersection of South Galena Street and East Hopkins Avenue in Aspen, Colorado, United States.	Aspen City Hall	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Herschell Carrousel Factory Museum is a historic carousel factory building located at North Tonawanda in Niagara County, New York.	Herschell Carrousel Factory Museum	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Górki-Szewkowo (ˈɡurki ʂɛfˈkɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piątnica, within Łomża County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Górki-Szewkowo	Gmina Piątnica
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nowghan-e Sofla (Persian: نوغان سفلي‎, also Romanized as Nowghān-e Soflá and Nowghān Sofla; also known as Nowghān-e Pā’īn) is a village in Karchambu-e Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Buin va Miandasht County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Nowghan-e Sofla	Karchambu-e Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Coreno Ausonio is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Frosinone in the Italian region Lazio, located about 120 kilometres (75 mi) southeast of Rome and about 50 kilometres (31 mi) southeast of Frosinone at the foot of Monte Maio, in the Monti Aurunci.	Coreno Ausonio	Province of Frosinone
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Grande synagogue de Lyon is a synagogue located at 13 quai Tilsitt in the 2nd arrondissement of Lyon.	Grande synagogue de Lyon	2nd arrondissement of Lyon
located in the administrative territorial entity	KLIZ-FM (107.5 FM, ``The Power Loon'') is a classic rock music formatted radio station serving the Brainerd Lakes area from Baxter, Minnesota.	KLIZ-FM	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Round Mountain Gold Mine is an open pit gold mine in Round Mountain, Nevada.	Round Mountain Gold Mine	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Taras Shevchenko Memorial is a bronze statue and stone relief-adorned wall located on the 2200 block of P Street NW in the Dupont Circle neighborhood of Washington, D.C., United States.	Taras Shevchenko Memorial	Washington, D.C.
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Warrumbungle Shire is a local government area in the central western region of New South Wales, Australia.	Warrumbungle Shire	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mrs. Osburn House is a historic home located at Durham in Greene County, New York.	Mrs. Osburn House	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sony Aliber or Soni Ali Ber is a commune in the Cercle of Gao in the Gao Region of south-eastern Mali.	Sony Aliber	Gao Region
located in the administrative territorial entity	Erzsébetváros (German: Elisabethstadt or English: Elizabethtown) is the 7th district of Budapest, situated on the Pest side of the Danube.	Erzsébetváros	Budapest
located in the administrative territorial entity	Théâtre des Cérémonies was a temporary stadium in Albertville, France.	Théâtre des Cérémonies	Albertville
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gedern is a town in the Wetteraukreis district in Hesse, Germany, and historically belongs to Oberhessen.	Gedern	Wetteraukreis	Hesse
located in the administrative territorial entity	Anshei Sphard Beth El Emeth Congregation is a Modern Orthodox synagogue located in suburban East Memphis, Tennessee.	Anshei Sphard Beth El Emeth Congregation	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Delamater-Bevin Mansion, also known as The Bevin House, is a historic 22-room Victorian mansion on the north shore of Long Island, at 76 Bevin Road, within the Incorporated Village of Asharoken, New York.	Delamater-Bevin Mansion	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Puning (simplified Chinese: 普宁; traditional Chinese: 普寧; pinyin: Pǔníng; postal: Puning) is a county-level city in the municipal region of Jieyang, in the southeast of Guangdong Province, China.	Puning	Jieyang
located in the administrative territorial entity	La Mercy is a suburb of the eThekwini municipality 35 kilometres (22 mi) north of Durban, South Africa.	La Mercy	eThekwini
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gościeradów-Kolonia (ɡɔɕt͡ɕeˈraduf kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gościeradów, within Kraśnik County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Gościeradów-Kolonia	Gmina Gościeradów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Binowo (biˈnɔvɔ) (German: Binow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stare Czarnowo, within Gryfino County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Binowo	Gmina Stare Czarnowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	St. Bonaventure High School is a private, Catholic, co-educational secondary school in Ventura, California, United States.	St. Bonaventure High School	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sianno (ˈɕannɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brochów, within Sochaczew County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Sianno	Gmina Brochów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Noccalula Falls Park is a 250-acre (101-ha) public park located in Gadsden, Alabama (USA).	Noccalula Falls Park	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cheraghu (Persian: چراغو‎, also Romanized as Cherāghū) is a village in Siyah Banuiyeh Rural District, in the Central District of Rabor County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Cheraghu	Siyah Banuiyeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ulanowice (ulanɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Otmuchów, within Nysa County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland, close to the Czech border.	Ulanowice	Gmina Otmuchów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fenham is an area of the west end of Newcastle upon Tyne, England.	Fenham	Newcastle upon Tyne
located in the administrative territorial entity	Narenj Dul (Persian: نارنج دول‎, also Romanized as Nārenj Dūl; also known as Nārenj Dūleh and Nārenjeh Dūl) is a village in Asalem Rural District, Asalem District, Talesh County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Narenj Dul	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Trafalgar Studios, formerly the Whitehall Theatre until 2004, is a West End theatre in Whitehall, near Trafalgar Square, in the City of Westminster, London.	Trafalgar Studios	City of Westminster
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Blue Ridge Berryessa Natural Area is a conservation area forming a contiguous corridor of 800,000 acres (3,200 km2) in northern California.	Blue Ridge Berryessa Natural Area	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Marksburg is a castle above the town of Braubach in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.	Marksburg	Braubach
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fermoy (Irish: Mainistir Fhear Maí, meaning ``monastery of the Men of the Plain'') is a town on the River Blackwater in east County Cork, Ireland.	Fermoy	County Cork
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wallaga Lake National Park is a former national park in New South Wales, 296 km southwest of Sydney, Australia.	Wallaga Lake National Park	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eslamdeh (Persian: اسلام ده‎, also Romanized as Eslāmdeh) is a village in Rudpey-ye Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Sari County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Eslamdeh	Rudpey-ye Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The North Hatfield Historic District encompasses a small rural village in Hatfield, Massachusetts.	North Hatfield Historic District	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Trątnowice (trɔntnɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słomniki, within Kraków County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Trątnowice	Gmina Słomniki
located in the administrative territorial entity	WYUR (103.7 FM) is a radio station licensed to Gilman, Illinois, and serving Iroquois.	WYUR	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	The 'Silver Bluff Baptist Church was originally founded in 1750' in Beach Island South Carolina, by several enslaved African Americans who organized under elder David George.	Silver Bluff Baptist Church	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sussex County Technical School is a county-wide technical public high school located in Sparta Township in Sussex County, New Jersey, United States, serving students in ninth through twelfth grades as part of the Sussex County Vocational School District.	Sussex County Technical School	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Moczele (mɔˈt͡ʂɛlɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobiegniew, within Strzelce-Drezdenko County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.	Moczele	Gmina Dobiegniew
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aquitaine (English /ˈækwᵻteɪn/; French pronunciation: ​(akitɛn); Occitan: Aquitània; Basque: Akitania; Spanish: Aquitania), archaic Guyenne/Guienne (Occitan: Guiana) was a traditional region of France, and was a administrative region of France until 1 January 2016.	Aquitaine	France
located in the administrative territorial entity	Calahorra (pronounced: (kalaˈora)) (Aragonese: Calagorra, Latin: Calagurris) La Rioja, Spain is a municipality in the comarca of Rioja Baja, near the border with Navarre on the right bank of the Ebro.	Calahorra	La Rioja
located in the administrative territorial entity	Woolgoolga High School is a comprehensive, co-educational school in Woolgoolga, New South Wales, Australia.	Woolgoolga High School	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lapeh Sara (Persian: لپه سرا‎, also Romanized as Lapeh Sarā) is a village in Blukat Rural District, Rahmatabad and Blukat District, Rudbar County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Lapeh Sara	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Harbor Defense Museum, sometimes called The Caponier, located within the grounds of Fort Hamilton in the Bay Ridge section of Brooklyn is a 19th-century fort, New York City's only military museum and one of only seventy military museums in the United States that is funded and operated by the Defense Department.	Harbor Defense Museum	Fort Hamilton
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gedgrave is a place forming part of the civil parish of Orford and Gedgrave Parish Council in the Suffolk Coastal district of Suffolk in eastern England.	Gedgrave	Suffolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Szumlin (ˈʂumlin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Joniec, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Szumlin	Gmina Joniec
located in the administrative territorial entity	The John R. Boyle House was located on the east side of Davenport, Iowa, United States.	John R. Boyle House	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Elworthy is a small village and civil parish in the Brendon Hills 5 miles (8 km) south-east of Watchet, and 12 miles (19 km) west of Taunton, in the West Somerset district of Somerset, England.	Elworthy	Somerset
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Collar City Bridge (also known as the Hoosick Street Bridge) carries NYS Route 7 (NY 7) across the Hudson River connecting Colonie, New York with Troy, by way of passing over Green Island.	Collar City Bridge	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Thingbu is a settlement in Tawang district in the north-eastern state of Arunachal Pradesh, India.	Thingbu	Arunachal Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tazeh Kand-e Mohammadiyeh (Persian: Tazeh Kandمحمديه‎, also Romanized as Tāzeh Kand-e Moḩammadīyeh) is a village in Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Ardabil County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Tazeh Kand-e Mohammadiyeh	Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chillagoe Airport (IATA: LLG, ICAO: YCGO) is an airport located 1.3 nautical miles (2.4 km; 1.5 mi) north of Chillagoe, Queensland, Australia.	Chillagoe Airport	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Luoping County (Chinese: 罗平县; pinyin: Luópíng Xiàn) is located in Qujing Prefecture, Yunnan, China.	Luoping County	Qujing
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darka Rudbar (Persian: دركارودبار‎, also Romanized as Darkā Rūdbār) is a village in Rastupey Rural District, in the Central District of Savadkuh County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Darka Rudbar	Rastupey Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Methodist Ladies' College, Perth (MLC Perth), is an independent, Uniting Church, day and boarding school for girls, located in Claremont, a western suburb of Perth, Western Australia.	Methodist Ladies' College, Perth	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Phelps is North Carolina's second largest natural lake.	Lake Phelps	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vazeyak (Persian: وازيك‎, also Romanized as Vāzeyak) is a village in Harazpey-ye Shomali Rural District, Sorkhrud District, Mahmudabad County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Vazeyak	Harazpey-ye Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	X-Coaster is an Maurer Söhne SkyLoop XT-150 roller coaster at Magic Springs and Crystal Falls in Hot Springs, Arkansas.	X-Coaster	Arkansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	White River State Park covers 250 acres (1 km2) in Indianapolis, Indiana, United States, on the western edge of the downtown area at 801 West Washington Street.	White River State Park	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Górecko (ɡuˈrɛt͡skɔ) (formerly German Alt Gurkowsch-bruch) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zwierzyn, within Strzelce-Drezdenko County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.	Górecko	Gmina Zwierzyn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ryszkowa Wola (rɨʂˈkɔva ˈvɔla) (Ukrainian: Ришкова Воля, Ryshkova Volia) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiązownica, within Jarosław County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Ryszkowa Wola	Gmina Wiązownica
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dalchreichart (Scottish Gaelic: Dul Chreachaird) is a small hamlet in Glen Moriston, Inverness-shire, in the Highland council area of Scotland.	Dalchreichart	Highland	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gowidlinko (ɡɔviˈdlinkɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sierakowice, within Kartuzy County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Gowidlinko	Gmina Sierakowice
located in the administrative territorial entity	In 1870-72, John Marius Wilson's Imperial Gazetteer of England and Wales described Auckley as:	Auckley	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gazugan (Persian: گزوگان‎, also Romanized as Gazūgān) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Bam County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Gazugan	Howmeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cadman Plaza is a park located on the border between the Brooklyn Heights historic neighborhood and Downtown Brooklyn in New York City.	Cadman Plaza	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	DeSoto State Park is a publicly owned recreation area located on Lookout Mountain 8 miles (13 km) northeast of Fort Payne, Alabama.	DeSoto State Park	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chakorabad (Persian: چكراباد‎, also Romanized as Chakorābād; also known as Chagorābād) is a village in Bampur-e Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Bampur County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Chakorabad	Bampur-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Whiteside Mountain is a mountain in Jackson County, North Carolina between Cashiers, Highlands, North Carolina, and the Georgia border.	Whiteside Mountain	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Interstate 355 (I-355), also known as the Veterans Memorial Tollway, is an Interstate Highway and tollway in the western and southwest suburbs of Chicago in the U.S. state of Illinois.	Interstate 355	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Erieview Tower (also known as the Tower at Erieview, 100 Erieview, or the Erieview Plaza Tower) is a skyscraper featuring elements of the International style located in downtown Cleveland, Ohio, USA.	Erieview Tower	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rice-Eccles Stadium is an outdoor college football stadium in Salt Lake City, Utah, on the campus of the University of Utah.	Rice-Eccles Stadium	Salt Lake City
located in the administrative territorial entity	Estalakh Kian (Persian: اسطلخ كيان‎, also Romanized as Esţalakh Kīān) is a village in Deylaman Rural District, Deylaman District, Siahkal County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Estalakh Kian	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fort Provintia or Providentia was a Dutch outpost on Formosa at a site now located in the West Central District of Tainan in Taiwan.	Fort Provintia	West Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Greaser Petroglyph Site is located on land owned by the Bureau of Land Management in eastern Lake County, Oregon.	Greaser Petroglyph Site	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Misquamicut State Beach is a Rhode Island state park in the town of Westerly.	Misquamicut State Beach	Rhode Island
located in the administrative territorial entity	West Ranch Airport (FAA LID: XS75) is a private airport located 8 miles west of Round Mountain, Blanco County, Texas, USA.	West Ranch Airport	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ballacolla, officially Ballycolla (Irish: Baile Cholla), is a village in County Laois, Ireland.	Ballacolla	County Laois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nasiegniewo (naɕeɡˈɲevɔ) (German: Nessingen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Fabianki, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Nasiegniewo	Gmina Fabianki
located in the administrative territorial entity	The South Plainfield Public Schools is a comprehensive community public school district, for South Plainfield, in Middlesex County, New Jersey, United States, that serves students in pre-Kindergarten through twelfth grade.	South Plainfield Public Schools	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Samuel Hieatt House is a Greek Revival house built around 1850 in the town of New Castle north of Smithfield, Kentucky.	Samuel Hieatt House	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nungessers is the name of the confluence of roads that meet at the Hudson and Bergen county line at North Bergen and Fairview in northeastern New Jersey.	Nungessers	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cass Park Historic District is a historic district in Midtown Detroit, Michigan, comprising the streets of Temple, Ledyard, and 2nd, surrounding Cass Park.	Cass Park Historic District	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Walter Reed Gardens Historic District, also known as Commons of Arlington, is a national historic district located in Arlington County, Virginia.	Walter Reed Gardens Historic District	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dasht-e Denayik (Persian: دشت دنايك‎, also Romanized as Dasht-e Denāyīḵ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Haftgel County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Dasht-e Denayik	Khuzestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Marysville Getchell High School is a public high school in Marysville, Washington, USA, located east of Marysville with quick access to Highway 9.	Marysville Getchell High School	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Whychus Creek is a tributary of the Deschutes River in Deschutes and Jefferson counties in the U.S. state of Oregon.	Whychus Creek	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Błotowo (bwɔˈtɔvɔ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Studzienice, within Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Błotowo	Gmina Studzienice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Amir Beyg (Persian: اميربيگ‎, also Romanized as Amīr Beyg; also known as Amīr Beyg-e Soflá) is a village in Rahal Rural District, in the Central District of Khoy County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Amir Beyg	Rahal Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Baghestan-e Sofla (Persian: باغستان سفلي‎, also Romanized as Bāghestān-e Soflá; also known as Bāghestān-e Pā’īn and Sar Āsīāb-e Mīrzā) is a village in Baghestan Rural District, in the Central District of Ferdows County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Baghestan-e Sofla	Baghestan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Skustele (skusˈtɛlɛ), is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krasnopol, within Sejny County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Skustele	Gmina Krasnopol
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khukha is a big village in Jhelum District, Punjab, Pakistan.	Khukha	Jhelum District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Seven Mile Island is the name of a barrier island on the Jersey Shore in Cape May County, New Jersey, United States.	Seven Mile Island	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Eugene O'Neill National Historic Site, located in Danville, California, preserves Tao House, the Monterey Colonial hillside home of America's only Nobel Prize-winning playwright, Eugene O'Neill.	Eugene O'Neill National Historic Site	Danville
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brownwood Regional Airport (IATA: BWD, ICAO: KBWD, FAA LID: BWD) is six miles north of Brownwood, in Brown County, Texas.	Brownwood Regional Airport	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Newaygo County Regional Educational Service Agency (NCRESA) is an Intermediate School District in Michigan serving the school districts that are primarily within Newaygo County.	Newaygo County Regional Educational Service Agency	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sampford Courtenay is a village and civil parish in West Devon in England, most famous for being the place where the Western Rebellion, otherwise known as the Prayerbook rebellion, first started, and where the rebels made their final stand.	Sampford Courtenay	Devon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Litchfield Wetland Management District is located on the eastern edge of the Prairie Pothole Region in central Minnesota.	Litchfield Wetland Management District	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mission Field (IATA: LVM, ICAO: KLVM, FAA LID: LVM) is a public use airport located five nautical miles (6 mi, 9 km) east of the central business district of Livingston, a city in Park County, Montana, United States.	Mission Field	Montana
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Province of Barletta-Andria-Trani is a province of Italy in the Apulia region.	Province of Barletta-Andria-Trani	Apulia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The City Tavern is a replica of a historic 18th-century building located at 138 South 2nd Street, at the intersection of Second and Walnut Streets in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, part of Independence National Historical Park.	City Tavern	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Estádio da Machava is a multi-purpose stadium in Machava, a mainly residential subdivision of the city of Matola, in the outskirts of Maputo, Mozambique.	Estádio da Machava	Matola
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wojkówka (vɔi̯ˈkufka) (Ukrainian: Войківка, Voikivka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wojaszówka, within Krosno County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Wojkówka	Gmina Wojaszówka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qarayeh Seydnur (Persian: قريه صيدنور‎, also Romanized as Qarayeh Seydnūr; also known as Seydnor) is a village in Jargalan Rural District, Raz and Jargalan District, Bojnord County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Qarayeh Seydnur	Jargalan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Siggerud is a village in the municipality of Ski, Norway, just a few kilometres away from the border of the municipality of Oslo where most of Siggerud's population work.	Siggerud	Ski
located in the administrative territorial entity	Armley Canal Road railway station was a station on the former Midland Railway between Leeds and Shipley.	Armley Canal Road railway station	Leeds
located in the administrative territorial entity	Redonda Mesa is a mesa type formation located in the southern Santa Ana Mountains, near the Pacific Ocean in Southern California.	Redonda Mesa	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Tyndall is a peak in the Mount Whitney region of the Sierra Nevada in the U.S. state of California.	Mount Tyndall	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Abd Bayan-e Qadim (Persian: ابدبيان قديم‎, also Romanized as Ābd Bayān-e Qadīm) is a village in Abdoliyeh-ye Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Ramshir County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Abd Bayan-e Qadim	Abdoliyeh-ye Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Emmanuel Lutheran Church of Harlemville and Cemetery is a historic Lutheran church and cemetery at County 21 and Pheasant Lane, Harlemville Road at Ten Broeck Road in Harlemville, Columbia County, New York.	Emmanuel Lutheran Church of Harlemville and Cemetery	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chalek Deh (Persian: چالكده‎, also Romanized as Chālek Deh) is a village in Panj Hezareh Rural District, in the Central District of Behshahr County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Chalek Deh	Panj Hezareh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Benslie is a small village in North Ayrshire, in the parish of Kilwinning, Scotland.	Benslie	North Ayrshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Swamibagh (Hindi: स्वामीबाग़, Urdu: سوامی باغ) is a town and a nagar panchayat in Agra district in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh.	Swamibagh	Agra district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tuseh Rud (Persian: توسه رود‎, also Romanized as Tūseh Rūd; also known as Tūsīrū) is a village in Rostamabad-e Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Rudbar County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Tuseh Rud	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Runzhou District (simplified Chinese: 润州区; traditional Chinese: 潤州區; pinyin: Jīngkǒu Qū) is one of three districts of Zhenjiang, Jiangsu province, China.	Runzhou District	Zhenjiang
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cayos de Caña Gorda (English: Caña Gorda Cays) is a group of three uninhabited, mangrove-covered cays, located at 17°56′32``N 066°52′17''W off the southwestern coast of Puerto Rico.	Cayos de Caña Gorda	Puerto Rico
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Lefferts (Latitude: 40.414552, Longitude: -74.234589) is a man-made lake in Matawan, New Jersey.	Lake Lefferts	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hayward High School is a public high school in Hayward, California, one of four high schools in the city.	Hayward High School	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Het Oude Loo (Dutch pronunciation: (ɦɛt ˈʌudə loː); The Old Woods) is a 15th-century castle on the estate of Het Loo Palace in Apeldoorn in the Netherlands.	Het Oude Loo	Apeldoorn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Spring Valley State Park is a state park of Nevada, USA, adjoining the 65-acre (26 ha) Eagle Valley Reservoir.	Spring Valley State Park	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Buttermilk Flat Schoolhouse No. 22 is a historic one-room school building located at Orleans in Jefferson County, New York.	Buttermilk Flat Schoolhouse No. 22	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Legoland California is a theme park and miniature park located in Carlsbad, California, based on the Lego toy brand.	Legoland California	Carlsbad
located in the administrative territorial entity	Welsh HVDC Converter Station is an HVDC back-to-back station connected between the J. Robert Welsh Power Plant and the Oncor Electric Delivery substation at the Monticello Steam Electric Station in Titus County, northeastern Texas.	Welsh HVDC Converter Station	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pir Yusefian Rural District (Persian: دهستان پيريوسفيان‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Alborz County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Pir Yusefian Rural District	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Y Faenor is a community and electoral ward sharing a boundary with the town of Aberystwyth in Ceredigion, Wales.	Y Faenor	Ceredigion
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shokurchi (Persian: شكورچي‎, also Romanized as Shokūrchī; also known as Shokorchī) is a village in Chaypareh-ye Pain Rural District, Zanjanrud District, Zanjan County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Shokurchi	Chaypareh-ye Pain Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gospodintsi (before 1934: Tsiropol)is a village in Gotse Delchev Municipality, in Blagoevgrad Province, Bulgaria.	Gospodintsi	Gotse Delchev Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Castello d'Agogna is a small town and comune (municipality) in the Province of Pavia in the Italian region Lombardy, located about 45 km southwest of Milan and about 35 km west of Pavia.	Castello d'Agogna	Province of Pavia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sar Dahi (Persian: سرداحي‎, also Romanized as Sar Dāḩī, Sardāḩī, and Sar Dāhī) is a village in Veys Rural District, Veys District, Bavi County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Sar Dahi	Veys Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Doły Łążyńskie (ˈdɔwɨ wɔ̃ˈʐɨɲskʲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zławieś Wielka, within Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Doły Łążyńskie	Gmina Zławieś Wielka
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Naval Undersea Museum is an official naval museum located at Keyport, Washington, USA.	Naval Undersea Museum	Keyport
located in the administrative territorial entity	A winner of a 2002 Tony Award and a 2011 Massachusetts Cultural Council Commonwealth Award, the Williamstown Theatre Festival is a resident summer theater on the campus of Williams College in Williamstown, Massachusetts, founded in 1954 by Williams College news director, Ralph Renzi, and drama program chairman, David C. Bryant.	Williamstown Theatre Festival	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Palais des Congrès Acropolis (also known as Acropolis Exhibition Hall) is a convention center for Nice, France.	Palais des Congrès Acropolis	Nice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ba Monir (Persian: بامنير‎, also Romanized as Bā Monīr; also known as Bāb Monīr) is a village in Cheghapur Rural District, Kaki District, Dashti County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Ba Monir	Cheghapur Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wittewater is a town in Bergrivier Local Municipality in the Western Cape province of South Africa, located off the R399 road, between Piketberg and Velddrif.	Wittewater	Bergrivier Local Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Medford Turnpike is a road mostly in modern-day Somerville, Massachusetts, United States, now known as Mystic Avenue.	Medford Turnpike	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mazraeh-ye Shukeh (Persian: مزرعه شوكه‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Shūkeh) is a village in Itivand-e Jonubi Rural District, Kakavand District, Delfan County, Lorestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 17, in 5 families.	Mazraeh-ye Shukeh	Itivand-e Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cook's Mill, also known as The Old Mill and The Greenville Mill, is a historic grist mill and sawmill and national historic district located near Greenville, Monroe County, West Virginia.	Cook's Mill	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wanamaker's department store was the first department store in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, and one of the first department stores in the United States.	Wanamaker's	Philadelphia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Augustus National Park is located 852 km north of Perth, 490 km by road east of Carnarvon and 390 km northwest of Meekatharra, in the Gascoyne region of Western Australia.	Mount Augustus National Park	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Małkowo (mau̯ˈkɔvɔ) (German: Mahlkau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żukowo, within Kartuzy County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Małkowo	Gmina Żukowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Whites Falls, a waterfall on Behana Creek, is located in the UNESCO World Heritage--listed Wet Tropics in the Far North region of Queensland, Australia.	Whites Falls	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Charles H. Kellstadt Graduate School of Business is part of the DePaul University Driehaus College of Business, a business school located in the Chicago Loop, Illinois, USA.	Kellstadt Graduate School of Business	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tasmalu (Persian: طسمالو‎, also Romanized as Ţasmālū) is a village in Torkaman Rural District, in the Central District of Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Tasmalu	Torkaman Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Valcour Bay is a strait between Valcour Island and the west side of Lake Champlain, four miles south of Plattsburgh, New York.	Valcour Bay	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Centennial Park Stadium is a 2,200 seat capacity stadium in the Toronto suburb of Etobicoke, Ontario, that is primarily used for soccer, track and field, football and occasionally for kabbadi.	Centennial Park Stadium	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ånäset is a locality situated in Robertsfors Municipality, Västerbotten County, Sweden with 610 inhabitants in 2010.	Ånäset	Robertsfors Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Myrtle Beach Speedway, originally named Rambi Raceway, was built in 1958 and is located on U.S. Route 501 near Myrtle Beach, South Carolina.	Myrtle Beach Speedway	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zinzenzell is a village and a former municipality with about 350 inhabitants in Lower Bavaria, Germany.	Zinzenzell	Bavaria
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Spare Parts Puppet Theatre is located at 1--9 Short Street, Fremantle, Western Australia, in Pioneer Park, opposite the Fremantle railway station.	Spare Parts Puppet Theatre	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mary Lee Nichols School, located at 400-406 Pyramid Way in Sparks, Nevada, was built in 1917 and expanded in 1920 and 1927.	Mary Lee Nichols School	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Power Plant and Dam No. 4 is a historic hydroelectric power generation station on the Potomac River, located near Shepherdstown on the county line between Berkeley and Jefferson County, West Virginia.	Power Plant and Dam No. 4	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Backaryd is a locality situated in Ronneby Municipality, Blekinge County, Sweden with 365 inhabitants in 2010.	Backaryd	Ronneby Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cache Creek Casino Resort is a casino/resort located in Brooks, California, in Northern California's Capay Valley.	Cache Creek Casino Resort	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ramling (Old Shirur) is a village in Pune district, Maharashtra, India, on a distance of 3.0 km from Shirur on the way towards Pabal.	Ramling	Pune district	Maharashtra
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Starr Mill Road Bridge is a historic bridge in Middletown, Connecticut.	Starr Mill Road Bridge	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kunshan (Chinese: 崑山; pinyin: Kūnshān; Wade--Giles: K'un-shan) is a satellite city in the greater Suzhou region.	Kunshan	Suzhou
located in the administrative territorial entity	Żygląd (ˈʐɨɡlɔnt) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Papowo Biskupie, within Chełmno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Żygląd	Gmina Papowo Biskupie
located in the administrative territorial entity	S'Archittu (Translation: ``the little arch,'' in the Sardinian language) is a small coastal tourist resort near Oristano (Sardinia, Italy), part of the municipality of Cuglieri.	S'Archittu	Cuglieri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Strzelczyn (ˈstʂɛlt͡ʂɨn) (German: Jädersdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chojna, within Gryfino County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland, close to the German border.	Strzelczyn	Gmina Chojna
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kwakówko (kfaˈkufkɔ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Szczecinek, within Szczecinek County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Kwakówko	Gmina Szczecinek
located in the administrative territorial entity	Izdebki-Błażeje (izˈdɛpki bwaˈʐɛjɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zbuczyn, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Izdebki-Błażeje	Gmina Zbuczyn
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Rue des Archers is a street located in the 2nd arrondissement of Lyon, in the Cordeliers quarter.	Rue des Archers	2nd arrondissement of Lyon
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Pointe de la Gorgeat is a Chartreuse Mountain culminating at 1,486 m above sea level in the French department of Savoie.	Pointe de la Gorgeat	Savoie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rogalinek (rɔɡaˈlinɛk) (German: Warthebrück) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mosina, within Poznań County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Rogalinek	Gmina Mosina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lamashan (Persian: لامشان‎, also Romanized as Lamashān) is a village in Qaranqu Rural District, in the Central District of Hashtrud County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Lamashan	Qaranqu Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stankuny (staŋˈkunɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiżajny, within Suwałki County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Lithuania.	Stankuny	Gmina Wiżajny
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Yuha Buttes are a group of buttes in the Lower Colorado River Valley, in southern Imperial County, California.	Yuha Buttes	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Piz Corvatsch ( (ˌpitskorˈvatʃ) ) is a mountain in the Bernina Range of the Alps, overlooking Lake Sils and Lake Silvaplana in the Engadin region of the canton of Graubünden.	Piz Corvatsch	Graubünden
located in the administrative territorial entity	Malpensa Aeroporto railway station, or Malpensa Airport railway station, is located in Terminal 1 of Malpensa Airport (IATA code: MXP) in Ferno, Varese, near Milan.	Malpensa Aeroporto railway station	Ferno
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ostbahnbrücke is a railway bridge over the Donaukanal in Vienna.	Ostbahnbrücke	Vienna
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brickhill is a civil parish and electoral ward within northern Bedford in Bedfordshire, England.	Brickhill	Bedfordshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jushin Rural District (Persian: دهستان جوشين‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Kharvana District, Varzaqan County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Jushin Rural District	Kharvana District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kowala-Duszocina (kɔˈvala duʂɔˈt͡ɕina) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wolanów, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Kowala-Duszocina	Gmina Wolanów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kamian-e Bala (Persian: كاميان بالا‎, also Romanized as Kāmīān-e Bālā and Kāmyān-e Bālā; also known as Kāmīān, Kāmīyān, and Kāmyān) is a village in Japelaq-e Gharbi Rural District, Japelaq District, Azna County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Kamian-e Bala	Japelaq-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pateh Khvor (Persian: پته خور‎, also Romanized as Pateh Khowr) is a village in Vilkij-e Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Namin County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Pateh Khvor	Ardabil Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Olvera Street is in the oldest part of Downtown Los Angeles, California, USA, and is part of El Pueblo de Los Angeles Historic Monument.	Olvera Street	Los Angeles
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darhupal (Persian: درهوپل‎, also Romanized as Darhūpal; also known as Darhapal) is a village in Qilab Rural District, Alvar-e Garmsiri District, Andimeshk County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Darhupal	Qilab Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dunrobin Castle railway station is a railway station serving Dunrobin Castle in the Highland council area of Scotland.	Dunrobin Castle railway station	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gdynia (ˈɡdɨɲa) (Kashubian: Gdiniô) is a city in the Pomeranian Voivodeship of Poland and an important seaport of Gdańsk Bay on the south coast of the Baltic Sea.	Gdynia	Pomeranian Voivodeship
located in the administrative territorial entity	Toronto Motorsports Park is a dragway and 3-kilometer roadcourse racing facility in Haldimand County, near the town of Cayuga, Ontario, Canada.	Toronto Motorsports Park	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Amiyawar is a village situated on the bank of the Son River manauli is under Amiyawar panchayat Nasriganj Police Station in the state of Bihar in India.	Amiyawar	Bihar
located in the administrative territorial entity	The National Ignition Facility, or NIF, is a large laser-based inertial confinement fusion (ICF) research device, located at the Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory in Livermore, California.	National Ignition Facility	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ibsheway (Arabic: إبشواي‎) is a city in Faiyum Governorate, Egypt.	Ibsheway	Faiyum Governorate
located in the administrative territorial entity	Connel Bridge is a cantilever bridge that spans Loch Etive at Connel in Scotland.	Connel Bridge	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cardonal de Panilonco, or just Panilonco (Mapudungun: metal head, pronounced: (karðoˈnal ðe paniˈloŋko) ( )) is a Chilean village located north of Pichilemu, Cardenal Caro Province.	Cardonal de Panilonco	Pichilemu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mick Doohan's Motocoaster is a 605-metre (1,985 ft) long motorcycle roller coaster at Dreamworld on Queensland's Gold Coast.	Mick Doohan's Motocoaster	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The commune of Uturoa is located on the island of Raiatea, in the administrative subdivision of the Leeward Islands of which Uturoa is the administrative capital.	Uturoa	Leeward Islands
located in the administrative territorial entity	WCUB (980 AM) is a Country formatted radio station licensed to Two Rivers, Wisconsin, that serves the Two Rivers, Manitowoc, and Sheboygan areas.	WCUB	Wisconsin
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Northeast Asia Trade Tower or NEATT (Korean: 동북아무역타워) is a skyscraper in Songdo International City, the world's most expensive private real estate project in the Incheon Free Economic Zone, South Korea.	Northeast Asia Trade Tower	Incheon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pangasinan, which was historically part of the Central Luzon region, was made part of the Ilocos Region (or Region I) in the gerrymandering of the Philippines by Ferdinand Marcos, despite the fact that Pangasinan has a distinct primary language, which is Pangasinan.	Pangasinan	Ilocos Region
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tutnesa (Persian: توت نساء‎, also Romanized as Tūtnesā'') is a village in Masal Rural District, in the Central District of Masal County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Tutnesa	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ranch to Market Road 1832, Ranch Road 1832, or RM 1832 is a 10.9-mile (17.5 km) route maintained by the Texas Department of Transportation (TxDOT) that connects the Boy Scouts of America's Buffalo Trails Scout Ranch to State Highway 17 about 25.1 miles (40.4 km) north of Fort Davis.	Ranch to Market Road 1832	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sahuaro High School is a public high school located in Tucson, Arizona, part of the Tucson Unified School District.	Sahuaro High School	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jabłoń-Samsony (ˈjabwɔɲ samˈsɔnɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szepietowo, within Wysokie Mazowieckie County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Jabłoń-Samsony	Gmina Szepietowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Manchester Regional High School is a comprehensive, four-year public high school and regional school district serving students in ninth through twelfth grades from Haledon, North Haledon and Prospect Park, three communities in Passaic County, New Jersey, United States.	Manchester Regional High School	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kfar Da’el (Arabic: كفر داعل‎, also spelled Kafr Da'il or Kfar De'il) is a district of Aleppo city in northern Syria, located northwest of the neighbouring Al-Rashidin District of Aleppo, which is a part of the Mount Simeon District in the Aleppo Governorate.	Kfar Da’el	Aleppo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Penquis Valley High School is a four-year coeducational high school located in Milo, Maine.	Penquis Valley High School	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alvijan (Persian: الويجان‎, also Romanized as Alvījān) is a village in Bazarjan Rural District, in the Central District of Tafresh County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Alvijan	Bazarjan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	One Sansome Street, also known as Citigroup Center, is an office skyscraper located at the intersection of Sutter and Sansome Streets in the Financial District of San Francisco, California near Market Street.	One Sansome Street	San Francisco	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sant Andreu de la Barca (Catalan pronunciation: (ˈsant ənˈdɾew ðə ɫə ˈβarkə)) is a municipality in the comarca of the Baix Llobregat in Catalonia, Spain.	Sant Andreu de la Barca	Baix Llobregat
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hackensack Public Schools are a comprehensive community public school district that serves students in pre-Kindergarten through twelfth grade from the City of Hackensack, in Bergen County, New Jersey, United States.	Hackensack Public Schools	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Joseph C. Hays House at 103-105 West Main Street in Sharpsburg, Maryland, United States was originally built in 1823 as a three-bay side hall double-parlor house in the Federal style.	Joseph C. Hays House	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Siemoń (ˈɕemɔɲ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zławieś Wielka, within Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Siemoń	Gmina Zławieś Wielka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cheshmeh Konari (Persian: چشمه كناري‎, also Romanized as Cheshmeh Konārī; also known as Konārī) is a village in Rostam-e Yek Rural District, in the Central District of Rostam County, Fars Province, Iran.	Cheshmeh Konari	Rostam-e Yek Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sayre Fire, also known as the Sylmar Fire, was a November 2008 wildfire that resulted in the loss of 489 residences in Los Angeles, California, United States, the ``worst loss of homes due to fire'' in the city's history.	Sayre Fire	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oak Lawn Methodist Episcopal Church, South (now known as Oak Lawn United Methodist Church) is a historic United Methodist church at 3014 Oak Lawn Avenue in Dallas, Texas.	Oak Lawn Methodist Episcopal Church, South	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sniachiv (Ukrainian: Снячів; Romanian: Sneci) is a commune (selsoviet) in Storozhynets Raion, Chernivtsi Oblast, Ukraine.	Sniachiv	Storozhynets Raion
located in the administrative territorial entity	Centre High School is a rural public high school located 5 miles south of Lost Springs and 2 miles north of Lincolnville along U.S. Highway 77 in Kansas.	Centre High School	Kansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Badreh-ye Semi Yagardava (Persian: بادره سمي ياگردوا‎, also Romanized as Bādreh-ye Semī Yāgardavā) is a village in Dinaran Rural District, in the Central District of Ardal County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Badreh-ye Semi Yagardava	Dinaran Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zoveydi-ye Ramezan (Persian: زويدي رمضان‎, also Romanized as Zoveydī-ye Rameẕān; also known as Zobeydī-ye Rameẕān) is a village in Howmeh-ye Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Ramhormoz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Zoveydi-ye Ramezan	Howmeh-ye Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ivor Preece Field on Rugby Road, Binley Woods, Warwickshire is the home ground of Broadstreet RUFC, designed by SR Davis architects with the sports ground designed by Peter Jones Associates, Quantity Surveyors Bucknall Austin, project managed by Falcon House Project Management.	Ivor Preece Field	Binley Woods
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Alexandra Recreation Ground, also known as Nantwich Road, was a multi-sport venue in Crewe in England.	Alexandra Recreation Ground	Crewe
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cholta Kalan is a village located near Kharar, Mohali, in the district of Mohali in the state of Punjab in India.	Cholta Kalan	Punjab
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Nur ul-Ihsan Mosque is the oldest mosque in Phnom Penh, the capital of Cambodia.	Nur ul-Ihsan Mosque	Phnom Penh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hodenhagen Castle (German: Burg Hodenhagen) is the site (Burgstall) of a former lowland castle (Niederungsburg) built in the 13th century in the vicinity of Hodenhagen in the German state of Lower Saxony.	Hodenhagen Castle	Lower Saxony
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Coldrum Long Barrow, also known as the Coldrum Stones and the Adscombe Stones, is a chambered long barrow located near to the village of Trottiscliffe in the south-eastern English county of Kent.	Coldrum Long Barrow	Trottiscliffe
located in the administrative territorial entity	Staniewice (staɲɛˈvit͡sɛ) (formerly German Stemnitz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Postomino, within Sławno County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Staniewice	Gmina Postomino
located in the administrative territorial entity	Porte Mars is an ancient Roman triumphal arch in Reims, France.	Porte Mars	Reims
located in the administrative territorial entity	Moghvan (Persian: مغوان‎, also Romanized as Moghvān) is a village in Ojarud-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Germi County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Moghvan	Ardabil Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Leipzig/Halle Airport (IATA: LEJ, ICAO: EDDP) (German: Flughafen Leipzig/Halle) is an international airport located in Schkeuditz, Saxony and serves both Leipzig, Saxony and Halle, Saxony-Anhalt.	Leipzig/Halle Airport	Schkeuditz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ab Chahru (Persian: اب چهرو‎, also Romanized as Āb Chahrū and Āb-e Chahrū; also known as Āb Chārū and Rūstā-ye Shahīd Kāz̧emī) is a village in Abezhdan Rural District, Abezhdan District, Andika County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Ab Chahru	Khuzestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Blackwolf Run is a golf course complex in Kohler, Wisconsin.	Blackwolf Run	Kohler
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sântămăria-Orlea (Hungarian: Őraljaboldogfalva) is a commune in Hunedoara County, Romania.	Sântămăria-Orlea	Hunedoara County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brackendale Eagles Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia, Canada, located on the Squamish River adjacent to Brackendale, a suburban neighbourhood of Squamish.	Brackendale Eagles Provincial Park	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Verizon Wireless Center is a 5,280-seat (8,200 for concerts) multi-purpose arena, in Mankato, Minnesota built in 1995.	Verizon Wireless Center	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bala Bisheh Sar (Persian: بالابيشه سر‎, also Romanized as Bālā Bīsheh Sar; also known as Bīsheh Sar Bālā) is a village in Feyziyeh Rural District, in the Central District of Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Bala Bisheh Sar	Feyziyeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Upshi is a village and road junction on the Leh-Manali Highway in Ladakh region of the Indian state of Jammu and Kashmir.	Upshi	Jammu and Kashmir
located in the administrative territorial entity	Huerfano Butte is an isolated volcanic neck located 8.8 miles (14.1 km) north by west (bearing 344°) of the City of Walsenburg in Huerfano County, Colorado, United States.	Huerfano Butte	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wild Kitty first appeared at Elitch Gardens in Denver, Colorado.	Wild Kitty	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Carr Peak is the third-highest mountain in Cochise County, Arizona (after Chiricahua Peak and Miller Peak) and is the second-highest mountain in the Huachuca Mountains.	Carr Peak	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vasilissis Amalias Avenue (Greek: Λεωφόρος Βασιλίσσης Αμαλίας, ``Queen Amalia Avenue'') is a major avenue in Athens linking Andrea Syngrou Avenue along with Athanasiou Diakou Street, a small artery to Vouliagmenis Avenue and Panepistimiou Street along with Vassilissis Sofias Avenue.	Vasilissis Amalias Avenue	Athens
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hallville Mill Historic District is a historic district in the town of Preston, Connecticut, that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.	Hallville Mill Historic District	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Museum of Costume and Lace (French: Musée du Costume et de la Dentelle) is a textile and fashion museum in Brussels, Belgium.	Museum of Costume and Lace	Brussels
located in the administrative territorial entity	Central do Brasil (Portuguese pronunciation: (sẽˈtɾaw du bɾaˈziw)) is the most important train station in the Brazilian city of Rio de Janeiro.	Central do Brasil	Rio de Janeiro
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kwong Yuen Estate (Chinese: 廣源邨) is a public housing estate and Tenants Purchase Scheme estate in Siu Lek Yuen, Sha Tin, Hong Kong.	Kwong Yuen Estate	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rue de Rivoli (French pronunciation: ​(ʁy də ʁivɔli)) is one of the most famous streets of Paris, a commercial street whose shops include the most fashionable names in the world.	Rue de Rivoli	Paris
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cranberry Junction is an unincorporated community in northwestern British Columbia, Canada, located at the junction of the Nisga'a Highway and the Dease Lake Highway (aka the Stewart-Cassiar Highway or BC Highway 37).	Cranberry Junction	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cykówko (t͡sɨˈkufkɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamieniec, within Grodzisk Wielkopolski County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Cykówko	Gmina Kamieniec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sarab-e Dowkal (Persian: سراب دوكل‎, also Romanized as Sarāb-e Dowkāl, Sarāb Do Kal, Sarāb Dukāl, and Sarāb-e Do Kal; also known as Sarab Dogol) is a village in Sis Rural District, Bolbanabad District, Dehgolan County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Sarab-e Dowkal	Bolbanabad District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Goondiwindi Airport (IATA: GOO, ICAO: YGDI) is an airport located 2 nautical miles (3.7 km; 2.3 mi) north of Goondiwindi, Queensland, Australia.	Goondiwindi Airport	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Grand Island Harbor Rear Range Light is a lighthouse located off M-28 in Munising Township, Michigan.	Grand Island Harbor Rear Range Light	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Homayun Kosh (Persian: همايون كش‎, also Romanized as Homāyūn Kosh) is a village in Fash Rural District, in the Central District of Kangavar County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Homayun Kosh	Fash Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Kossuth Colony Historic District, named for Lajos Kossuth, is a nationally recognized historic district bounded by Baltimore Street, Mack Avenue and Notre Dame Avenue in Dayton, Ohio.	Kossuth Colony Historic District	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Beverly Hilton is a hotel located on an 8.9-acre (3.6 ha) property at the intersection of Wilshire and Santa Monica boulevards in Beverly Hills, California.	The Beverly Hilton	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Essar Centre is a 4,928 seat sports and entertainment centre in downtown Sault Ste. Marie, Ontario.	Essar Centre	Sault Ste. Marie
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Spruce Pine Mining District is a swath of the valley of the North Toe River in the Blue Ridge Mountains of northwestern North Carolina that is home to one of the richest deposits of gems and minerals in the world.	Spruce Pine Mining District	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lindheim Castle (German: Burg Lindheim) is a former medieval castle in Lindheim, in the municipality of Altenstadt, Wetteraukreis county, in the German state of Hesse.	Lindheim Castle	Hesse
located in the administrative territorial entity	Park Vista Community High School is one of the top-rated high schools in Palm Beach County, earning a Golden School Award by Palm Beach County each year since its inception.	Park Vista Community High School	Palm Beach County
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mary Flagler Cary Arboretum (1,924 acres; 7.7 km²) is a nonprofit arboretum located on U.S. Route 44 near Millbrook, New York.	Mary Flagler Cary Arboretum	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Musée de l'Éventail (Fan Museum), or more formally L'Atelier Hoguet Musée de l'Éventail, is a private museum of fans and fan-making located in the 10th arrondissement at 2, boulevard de Strasbourg, Paris, France.	Musée de l'Éventail	Paris
located in the administrative territorial entity	East York is a former municipality within the City of Toronto, Ontario, Canada.	East York	Toronto
located in the administrative territorial entity	Milltown Malbay (Irish: Sráid na Cathrach, meaning ``street of the stone ringfort'') is a town in the west of County Clare, Ireland, near Spanish Point.	Milltown Malbay	County Clare
located in the administrative territorial entity	Twickenham Historic District was the first historic district designated in Huntsville, Alabama, USA.	Twickenham Historic District	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Dudleytown Historic District, also known as Clapboard Hill is a historic district in Guilford, Connecticut, located about 1.5 miles northeast of the town center.	Dudleytown Historic District	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oberhavel is a Kreis (district) in the northern part of Brandenburg, Germany.	Oberhavel	Brandenburg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mariahout has a population of about 1700 and is the smallest village of the municipality of Laarbeek.	Mariahout	Laarbeek
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Gable Mansion is a historic mansion in Woodland, California, listed as a California Historical Landmark, that was built in 1885 for Amos and Harvey Gable, two Yolo County pioneers and ranchers.	Gable Mansion	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Baba Khvarazm-e Mojir (Persian: باباخوارزم مجير‎, also Romanized as Bābā Khvārazm-e Mojīr) is a village in Jayedar Rural District, in the Central District of Pol-e Dokhtar County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Baba Khvarazm-e Mojir	Jayedar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lungotevere degli Inventori is the stretch of lungotevere linking piazza Augusto Righi with piazza Antonio Meucci, in Rome, Portuense district.	Lungotevere degli Inventori	Rome
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kamak-e Safer (Persian: كمك صفر‎, also Romanized as Kamak-e Şafer) is a village in Ludab Rural District, Ludab District, Boyer-Ahmad County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Kamak-e Safer	Ludab Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Golden Eagle Tiandi Tower A is a supertall skyscraper under construction in Nanjing, Jiangsu, China.	Golden Eagle Tiandi Tower A	Nanjing
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zeddiani is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Oristano in the Italian region Sardinia, located about 100 kilometres (62 mi) northwest of Cagliari and about 9 kilometres (6 mi) north of Oristano.	Zeddiani	Province of Oristano
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lashkhareh (Persian: لشخره‎, also Romanized as Lashkharah; also known as Lashkhar) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Lamerd County, Fars Province, Iran.	Lashkhareh	Howmeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shakhtal Khan-e Do (Persian: شاخت الخان دو‎, also Romanized as Shākhtal Khān-e Do; also known as Shākht) is a village in Darkhoveyn Rural District, in the Central District of Shadegan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Shakhtal Khan-e Do	Darkhoveyn Rural District	Khuzestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Kelbra Dam (German: Talsperre Kelbra) is a dam on the River Helme in the German state of Saxony-Anhalt.	Kelbra Dam	Saxony-Anhalt
located in the administrative territorial entity	Singyeongju Station is a new station near the city of Gyeongju.	Singyeongju Station	Gyeongju
located in the administrative territorial entity	Danesh Rural District (Persian: دهستان دانش‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Qods County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Danesh Rural District	Tehran Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Uvala (Serbian: Увала) is a village in the municipality of Drvar, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Uvala	Drvar
located in the administrative territorial entity	Andadeh (Persian: انداده‎, also Romanized as Andādeh) is a village in Bala Jowayin Rural District, in the Central District of Jowayin County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Andadeh	Bala Jowayin Rural District	Razavi Khorasan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Yorkshire Museum of Farming is located in Murton Park near York in England.	Yorkshire Museum of Farming	Murton
located in the administrative territorial entity	Danak (Persian: دانك‎, also Romanized as Dānak; also known as Yal Karpī) is a village in Kharaqan-e Sharqi Rural District, Abgarm District, Buin Zahra County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Danak	Kharaqan-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nerengan (Persian: نارنگان‎, also Romanized as Nerengān; also known as Narīngān and Nerīngān) is a village in Gohreh Rural District, Fin District, Bandar Abbas County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Nerengan	Gohreh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kennox House is situated on the road from Stewarton to Torranyard in North Ayrshire, Parish of Dunlop, Scotland.	Kennox House	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Golbahar-e Sofla (Persian: گل بهارسفلي‎, also Romanized as Golbahār-e Soflá) is a village in Borborud-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Aligudarz County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Golbahar-e Sofla	Borborud-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hudson's Bay High School is a public high school in the Central Park area of Vancouver, Washington, and is part of Vancouver Public Schools.	Hudson's Bay High School	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Fish Hook River, also spelled Fishhook River, is a tributary of the Shell River, 9 miles (14 km) long, in north-central Minnesota in the United States.	Fish Hook River	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tang-e Mu (Persian: تنگ مو‎, also Romanized as Tang-e Mū and Tang Mow; also known as Tang-e Mo) is a village in Jahangiri Rural District, in the Central District of Masjed Soleyman County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Tang-e Mu	Jahangiri Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Pays de Caux (pronounced: (pɛi də ko)) is an area in Normandy occupying the greater part of the French département of Seine Maritime in Haute-Normandie.	Pays de Caux	Seine Maritime
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Chapman Branch Library in Salt Lake City, Utah, United States, is a Carnegie library that was funded by a $25,000 Carnegie foundation grant and was built in 1918.	Chapman Branch Library	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gorleston-on-Sea, also known colloquially as Gorleston, is a settlement in Norfolk, England, forming part of the larger town of Great Yarmouth.	Gorleston	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lumsden (Metz) Airport, (TC LID: CKR5), was located 6 NM (11 km; 6.9 mi) northwest of Lumsden, Saskatchewan, Canada.	Lumsden (Metz) Airport	Saskatchewan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bustan Birke or Boustan el Birke is a Heavy Neolithic archaeological site of the Qaraoun culture that is located 2.5 kilometres (1.6 mi) southeast of Kefraya, Lebanon.	Bustan Birke	Kefraya
located in the administrative territorial entity	WOKA-FM (106.7 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a Country music format and is licensed to Douglas, Georgia, USA.	WOKA-FM	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Troubky-Zdislavice is a village and municipality (obec) of Kroměříž District in the Zlín Region of the Czech Republic.	Troubky-Zdislavice	Kroměříž District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hoseynabad-e Abaleh (Persian: حسين ابادابله‎, also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād-e Ābaleh) is a village in Shusef Rural District, Shusef District, Nehbandan County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Hoseynabad-e Abaleh	Shusef Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Thomas Nast Home, also known as Villa Fontana, was the home of German born Thomas Nast in Morristown, Morris County, New Jersey, United States.	Thomas Nast Home	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	City Park Golf Course is a public golf course in Baton Rouge, Louisiana and was the first public golf course and the city's only public course until the mid-1950s.	City Park Golf Course	Louisiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Colonia Carlos Pellegrini is a small town and municipality in San Martín Department in Corrientes Province, Argentina.	Colonia Carlos Pellegrini	San Martín Department
located in the administrative territorial entity	Saugus Iron Works National Historic Site is a National Historic Site located about 10 miles (16 kilometers) northeast of Downtown Boston in Saugus, Massachusetts.	Saugus Iron Works National Historic Site	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shavington cum Gresty is a civil parish in the unitary authority of Cheshire East and the ceremonial county of Cheshire, England.	Shavington cum Gresty	Cheshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Adelinów (adɛˈlinuf) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Sulejów, within Piotrków County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Adelinów	Gmina Sulejów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Korkuteli is a district of Antalya Province in the Mediterranean region of Turkey, 56 km (35 mi) north-west of the city of Antalya.	Korkuteli	Antalya Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ali Palang (Persian: علي پلنگ‎, also Romanized as ``Alī Palang) is a village in Doruneh Rural District, Anabad District, Bardaskan County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 24, in 6 families.	Ali Palang	Doruneh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Christchurch School is a college-preparatory boarding school in Christchurch, Virginia, founded in 1921 by the Episcopal Church Diocese of Virginia.	Christchurch School	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Posht-e Pian (Persian: پشت پيان‎, also Romanized as Posht-e Pīān; also known as Posht Peyūn and Posht Peyvan) is a village in Pian Rural District, in the Central District of Izeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Posht-e Pian	Pian Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sardar-e Jangal District (Persian: بخش سردار جنگل‎) is a district (bakhsh) in Fuman County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Sardar-e Jangal District	Fuman County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wilkaski (vilˈkaski) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Giżycko, within Giżycko County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Wilkaski	Gmina Giżycko
located in the administrative territorial entity	Madathukulam is a Taluk in Tirupur district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.	Madathukulam	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alfragide (Portuguese pronunciation: (aɫfɾɐˈʒidɨ)) is a parish in Amadora Municipality.	Alfragide	Amadora
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Tulsa Port of Catoosa is located near the city of Catoosa in Rogers County, just inside the municipal fenceline of Tulsa, Oklahoma, United States.	Tulsa Port of Catoosa	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Skotniki Małe (skɔtˈniki ˈmawɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Busko-Zdrój, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Skotniki Małe	Gmina Busko-Zdrój
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qaleh Mobarak (Persian: قلعه مبارك‎, also Romanized as Qal``eh Mobārak) is a village in Donbaleh Rud-e Shomali Rural District, Dehdez District, Izeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.	Qaleh Mobarak	Donbaleh Rud-e Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sioux Gateway Airport (IATA: SUX, ICAO: KSUX, FAA LID: SUX), also known as Colonel Bud Day Field, is a public and military use airport in Woodbury County, Iowa, United States.	Sioux Gateway Airport	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Percha (Italian: Perca) is a comune (municipality) in South Tyrol in northern Italy, located about 60 kilometres (37 mi) northeast of Bolzano.	Percha	South Tyrol
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kinver is a large village in South Staffordshire district, Staffordshire, England.	Kinver	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hoddom is a small settlement and civil parish in Dumfries and Galloway, Scotland.	Hoddom	Dumfries and Galloway
located in the administrative territorial entity	Olesno County (Polish: powiat oleski) is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Opole Voivodeship, south-western Poland.	Olesno County	Opole Voivodeship
located in the administrative territorial entity	Labraunda (Ancient Greek: Λάβρανδα Labranda or Λάβραυνδα Labraunda) is an ancient archaeological site five kilometers west of Ortaköy, Muğla Province, Turkey, in the mountains near the coast of Caria.	Labraunda	Muğla Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The High School for Medical Professions is a public high school located in the Brooklyn neighborhood of Canarsie in New York City.	High School for Medical Professions	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gowhar Chaqa (Persian: گوهرچقا‎, also Romanized as Gowhar Chaqā, Gowhar Cheqā, and Gowhar Choqā; also known as Gawān Chia, Gowhad Cheqā, Gowhar Cheghā, and Gūn Chīā) is a village in Miyan Darband Rural District, in the Central District of Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Gowhar Chaqa	Miyan Darband Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Paxson Airport (ICAO: PAXK, FAA LID: PXK) is a privately owned public-use airport in Paxson, located in the Valdez-Cordova Census Area of the U.S. state of Alaska.	Paxson Airport	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Manoel Urbano is a municipality located in the center-western region of the Brazilian state of Acre.	Manoel Urbano	Acre
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lincoln Towers is an apartment complex on the Upper West Side of the New York City borough of Manhattan that consists of six buildings with eight addresses on a 20-acre (81,000 m2) campus.	Lincoln Towers	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fangatau, or Nakai-erua, is a small atoll in the Tuamotu group in French Polynesia.	Fangatau	French Polynesia
located in the administrative territorial entity	St Ive Cross is a hamlet east of St Ive in east Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.	St Ive Cross	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chal-e Monar (Persian: چال منار‎, also Romanized as Chāl-e Monār and Chal-i-Munār) is a village in Lalar and Katak Rural District, Chelo District, Andika County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Chal-e Monar	Lalar and Katak Rural District	Khuzestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mazraeh-ye Saheb ol Zaman (Persian: مزرعه صاحب الزمان‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Şāḩeb ol Zamān) is a village in Heruz Rural District, Kuhsaran District, Ravar County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 28, in 8 families.	Mazraeh-ye Saheb ol Zaman	Kuhsaran District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Los Angeles County Board of Supervisors (LAC BOS) is the nonpartisan five-member governing body for Los Angeles County, California.	Los Angeles County Board of Supervisors	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	St. Stephen's Episcopal School is a private coeducational preparatory boarding and day school in Austin, Texas.	St. Stephen's Episcopal School	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Edmonton Christian High School is a Christian high school (grades 10-12) in Edmonton, Alberta, operated by the Edmonton Society for Christian Education, and established in 1965.	Edmonton Christian High School	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ali Khanabad (Persian: علي خان اباد‎, also Romanized as ʿAlī Khānābād) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Gilan-e Gharb County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Ali Khanabad	Howmeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Jeptha Hayman House, also known as Hayman Farm, is a historic home located at Kingston, Somerset County, Maryland, United States.	Jeptha Hayman House	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sant Feliu de Codines (Catalan pronunciation: (ˈsam fəˈɫiw ðə kuˈðinəs)) is a municipality in the comarca of the Vallès Oriental in Catalonia, Spain.	Sant Feliu de Codines	Vallès Oriental
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Silver Star Carousel is now at Six Flags Over Texas and opened in 1963.	Silver Star Carousel	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Boston Bridge is a structure that crosses the Youghiogheny River between Versailles and Elizabeth Township, Pennsylvania.	Boston Bridge	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Coconut Grove is the oldest continuously inhabited neighborhood of Miami in Miami-Dade County, Florida, United States.	Coconut Grove	Miami-Dade County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kharkhorin (Mongolian: Хархорин) is a town and sum (district) center in Övörkhangai Province in Mongolia.	Kharkhorin	Övörkhangai Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Evergreen Burial Park is a cemetery located at 1307 Summit Avenue, SW in the Raleigh Court neighborhood of Roanoke, Virginia.	Evergreen Burial Park	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Province of Perugia (Italian: Provincia di Perugia) is the larger of the two provinces in the Umbria region of Italy, comprising two-thirds of both the area and population of the region.	Province of Perugia	Umbria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jeziernia (jɛˈʑɛrɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tomaszów Lubelski, within Tomaszów Lubelski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Jeziernia	Gmina Tomaszów Lubelski
located in the administrative territorial entity	Entre Lagos is the main town of Puyehue commune in Osorno Province of Los Lagos Region, Chile.	Entre Lagos	Osorno Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The College Hill Town Hall is a historic village hall in the city of Cincinnati, Ohio, United States.	College Hill Town Hall	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Alamo Navajo Indian Reservation (Navajo: Tʼiistsoh) is a non-contiguous section of the Navajo Nation lying in northwestern Socorro County, New Mexico, USA, adjacent to the southeastern part of the Acoma Indian Reservation.	Alamo Navajo Indian Reservation	New Mexico
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pendleton County Poor Farm is a historic poor farm house located at Upper Tract, Pendleton County, West Virginia.	Pendleton County Poor Farm	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barłożno (barˈwɔʐnɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skórcz, within Starogard County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Barłożno	Gmina Skórcz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Baba Khanjar (Persian: باباخنجر‎, also Romanized as Bābā Khanjar) is a village in Shirin Su Rural District, Shirin Su District, Kabudarahang County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Baba Khanjar	Shirin Su Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Coachella Valley National Wildlife Refuge is a 3,709-acre (15.01 km2) protected area in the Coachella Valley, located east of Palm Springs near Palm Desert, California.	Coachella Valley National Wildlife Refuge	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Materewadi is a village located in state of Maharashtra, Nashik district and taluka of Dindori.	Materewadi	Maharashtra
located in the administrative territorial entity	Piasecznia (pjaˈsɛt͡ʂɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kadzidło, within Ostrołęka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Piasecznia	Gmina Kadzidło
located in the administrative territorial entity	The John G. Diefenbaker Building is a building in the New Edinburgh neighbourhood of Ottawa, Ontario.	John G. Diefenbaker Building	Ottawa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Žeje pri Komendi (pronounced (ˈʒɛːjɛ pɾi kɔˈmɛːndi) or (ˈʒeːjɛ pɾi kɔˈmɛːndi); German: Scheje) is a village in the Municipality of Komenda in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Žeje pri Komendi	Komenda
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Chase Lake Wilderness is located in the U.S. state of North Dakota and at 4,155 acres (16.81 km2), it covers the majority of the land area of Chase Lake National Wildlife Refuge.	Chase Lake Wilderness	North Dakota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lutheran High School Westland is a parochial high school located in Westland, Michigan in Wayne County.	Lutheran High School Westland	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Old Baker County Courthouse built in 1908, is an historic building located at 14 McIver Avenue West in Macclenny, Florida.	Old Baker County Courthouse	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cierpiatka (t͡ɕerˈpjatka) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Ceków-Kolonia, within Kalisz County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Cierpiatka	Gmina Ceków-Kolonia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Boonshoft Museum of Discovery is a children's museum in Dayton, Ohio, United States that focuses on science.	Boonshoft Museum of Discovery	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Scenic Hot Springs is a privately owned natural hot spring in Washington state.	Scenic Hot Springs	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nong Chang Khuen (Thai: หนองช้างคืน) is a village and tambon (subdistrict) of Mueang Lamphun District, in Lamphun Province, Thailand.In 2005 it had a total population of 3925 people.	Nong Chang Khuen	Mueang Lamphun
located in the administrative territorial entity	Siret (Romanian pronunciation: (siˈret); German: Sereth; Polish: Seret; Hungarian: Szeretvásár) is a town in Suceava County, north-eastern Romania.	Siret	Suceava County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Heaven's Corner was a non-profit, USDA-licensed and certified zoo and animal sanctuary located in West Alexandria, Ohio.	Heaven's Corner	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lane Motor Museum is located in Nashville, Tennessee and features a collection of mostly European automobiles.	Lane Motor Museum	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Weehawken Terminal was the waterfront intermodal terminal on the North River (Hudson River) in Weehawken, New Jersey for the New York Central Railroad's West Shore Railroad division.	Weehawken Terminal	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mountain Home Range is a north-south trending mountain range in western Beaver County in southwest Utah, United States.	Mountain Home Range	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Simiuttap Ikerasaa (old spelling: Simiútap Ikerasâ) is a strait in the Qaasuitsup municipality in northwestern Greenland.	Simiuttap Ikerasaa	Greenland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grandići (Serbian Cyrillic: Грандићи) is a village in the municipality of Foča, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Grandići	Foča
located in the administrative territorial entity	WNRP (1620 AM, ``NewsRadio 1620'') is a radio station licensed to Gulf Breeze, Florida, USA and serving the Pensacola area.	WNRP	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hunton Bridge is a small settlement near Abbots Langley, Hertfordshire, England with a historic royal connection.	Hunton Bridge	Hertfordshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Łukowice Brzeskie (wukɔˈvit͡sɛ ˈbʐɛskʲɛ) (German Laugwitz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skarbimierz, within Brzeg County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Łukowice Brzeskie	Gmina Skarbimierz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fun Spot Amusement Park & Zoo is a small family amusement park located in Angola, Indiana.	Fun Spot Amusement Park & Zoo	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qoruq (Persian: قروق‎, also Romanized as Qorūq; also known as Bāzār-e Kargārūd and Qoroq) is a village in Saheli-ye Jokandan Rural District, in the Central District of Talesh County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Qoruq	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Charlestown High School is a public school located at 240 Medford Street in Charlestown, Boston, Massachusetts.	Charlestown High School	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	It is situated in the German state of Hesse and is part of the Rheingau-Taunus-Kreis administrative district.	Rheingau	Hesse
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Nottoway Archeological Site is an overlapping series of prehistoric Native American settlement sites near the town of Stony Creek in Sussex County, Virginia.	Nottoway Archeological Site	Sussex County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sangerhausen (German pronunciation: (zaŋɐˈhaʊzən)) is a town in Saxony-Anhalt, Germany, capital of the district of Mansfeld-Südharz, without being part of it.	Sangerhausen	Mansfeld-Südharz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Thirumalaipatty திருமலைப்பட்டி was a major municipality in the Namakkal District,in the southern state of Tamil Nadu, India.	Thirumalaipatty	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wahnfried was the name given by Richard Wagner to his villa in Bayreuth.	Wahnfried	Bayreuth
located in the administrative territorial entity	Longstowe is a civil parish and small rural village of nearly 200 residents in South Cambridgeshire, England, 12 miles (19 km) west of Cambridge.	Longstowe	Cambridgeshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stair Park is a public park and football stadium in the town of Stranraer, Scotland.	Stair Park	Stranraer
located in the administrative territorial entity	John F. Kennedy Memorial Hospital is a Tenet Healthcare owned hospital in Indio, California, United States.	John F. Kennedy Memorial Hospital	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Beyuz-e Yek (Persian: بيوض يك‎, also Romanized as Beyūẕ-e Yek; also known as Beyūẕ and Boyūz) is a village in Esmailiyeh Rural District, in the Central District of Ahvaz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Beyuz-e Yek	Esmailiyeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Crissiumal is a municipality in the state Rio Grande do Sul, Brazil, with a population of 14,726 inhabitants (2007 - IBGE).	Crissiumal	Rio Grande do Sul
located in the administrative territorial entity	Theodore Roosevelt Lake (usually called Roosevelt Lake, sometimes Lake Roosevelt) is a large reservoir formed by Theodore Roosevelt Dam on the Salt River in Arizona as part of the Salt River Project (SRP).	Theodore Roosevelt Lake	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Whatì (from the Dogrib language meaning ``Marten Lakes''), officially the Tłı̨chǫ Community Government of Whatì is a First Nations community in the North Slave Region of the Northwest Territories, Canada.	Whatì	Northwest Territories
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wola Będkowska (ˈvɔla bɛntˈkɔfska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Burzenin, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Wola Będkowska	Gmina Burzenin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount MacKenzie is a volcanic peak, located 40 km (25 mi) northeast of Hagensborg, British Columbia, Canada.	Mount MacKenzie	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Clamshell Falls is a cascade waterfall on the Behana Creek, located in the Cairns Region, Queensland, Australia.	Clamshell Falls	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sabalpur is a village of Aligarh district, Uttar Pradesh in Northern India.	Sabalpur	Uttar Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dowlat Qaleh (Persian: دولت قلعه‎, also Romanized as Dowlat Qal``eh) is a village in Khvor Khvoreh Rural District, Ziviyeh District, Saqqez County, Kurdistan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 557, in 109 families.	Dowlat Qaleh	Khvor Khvoreh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lipomo (Lombard: Lipòmm) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Como in the Italian region Lombardy, located about 35 kilometres (22 mi) north of Milan and about 3 kilometres (2 mi) southeast of Como.	Lipomo	Province of Como
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dworshak Dam is a concrete gravity dam in the western United States, on the North Fork Clearwater River in Clearwater County, Idaho.	Dworshak Dam	Idaho
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gusan Station is a railway station on Line 6 of the Seoul Subway located at Gusan-dong, Eunpyeong-gu, Seoul.	Gusan Station	Seoul
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rhinau (German: Rheinau) is a commune in the Bas-Rhin department of Alsace-Champagne-Ardenne-Lorraine in north-eastern France.	Rhinau	Bas-Rhin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Białe-Chorosze (ˈbjawɛ xɔˈrɔʂɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boguty-Pianki, within Ostrów Mazowiecka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Białe-Chorosze	Gmina Boguty-Pianki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Poshteh-ye Azadegan (Persian: پشته ازادكان‎, also Romanized as Poshteh-ye Āzādegān) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Minab County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Poshteh-ye Azadegan	Howmeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Berryessa is the largest lake in Napa County, California.	Lake Berryessa	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darreh Rahmaneh (Persian: دره رحمانه‎, also Romanized as Darreh Raḩmāneh; also known as Darreh Raḩmāneh-ye Somāq) is a village in Teshkan Rural District, Chegeni District, Dowreh County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Darreh Rahmaneh	Teshkan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Paisley Gilmour Street railway station is the largest of the four stations serving the town of Paisley, Renfrewshire, Scotland (Gilmour Street, St. James, Paisley Canal and Hawkhead), and acts as the town's principal railway station.	Paisley Gilmour Street railway station	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nava Ghantila is a village of Surendranagar district in the Indian state of Gujarat, with approximately 600 residents.	Nava Ghantila	Gujarat
located in the administrative territorial entity	Quinebaug Valley Community College (also known as QVCC) is a community college in northeastern Connecticut.	Quinebaug Valley Community College	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Jamesburg Public Schools are a community public school district that serves students in Kindergarten through eighth grade from Jamesburg, in Middlesex County, New Jersey, United States.	Jamesburg Public Schools	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	The P. Robinson Fur Cutting Company is a historic industrial building on Oil Mill Road in Danbury, Connecticut.	P. Robinson Fur Cutting Company	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zschorgula is part of the small village Schkölen located in the province of Thuringia in East Germany.	Zschorgula	Schkölen
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cuyamaca Mountains, locally the Cuyamacas, are a mountain range of the Peninsular Ranges System, in San Diego County, southern California.	Cuyamaca Mountains	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Papilys is a small town in Panevėžys County, in northeastern Lithuania.	Papilys	Panevėžys County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bozeman Yellowstone International Airport (IATA: BZN, ICAO: KBZN, FAA LID: BZN) (Gallatin Field) is eight miles (13 km) northwest of Bozeman, in Gallatin County, Montana.	Bozeman Yellowstone International Airport	Montana
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Metropolitan Opera, commonly referred to as ``the Met'', is a company based in New York City, resident at the Metropolitan Opera House at the Lincoln Center for the Performing Arts.	Metropolitan Opera	New York City
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Fischer Theatre was built in 1884 in Danville, Illinois, and was known as the Grand Opera House at that time.	Fischer Theatre	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gavterna (Persian: گاوطرنا‎, also Romanized as Gāvţernā and Gāvţernāv) is a village in Golmakan Rural District, Golbajar District, Chenaran County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Gavterna	Golmakan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Coastal States Building is a skyscraper located in Downtown Atlanta, Georgia, United States, at 260 Peachtree Street.	Coastal States Building	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Komasi-ye Vosta (Persian: كماسي وسطي‎, also Romanized as Komāsī-ye Vosţá; also known as Komāsī) is a village in Cheshmeh Kabud Rural District, in the Central District of Harsin County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Komasi-ye Vosta	Kermanshah Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mont Fleuri is an administrative district of Seychelles with its main part located on the island of Mahé.	Mont Fleuri	Seychelles
located in the administrative territorial entity	Now Gallery was a New York City art gallery based in East Village, Manhattan active in 1983 - 1989.	Now Gallery	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ezhikkara is a panchayat in Paravur Taluk of Ernakulam District, Kerala.	Ezhikkara	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brighton Seminole Indian Reservation is an Indian reservation of the Seminole Tribe of Florida, located in northeast Glades County near the northwest shore of Lake Okeechobee.	Brighton Seminole Indian Reservation	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	The need for a radio reading service was realised in New South Wales in 1983 with the establishment of 2RPH as a Community Benefit Organisation, incorporated as a Co-operative Society.	2RPH	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barscobe Castle is a 17th-century tower house in Balmaclellan, Kirkcudbrightshire, Scotland.	Barscobe Castle	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pritchard Gymnasium is a 2,000-seat multi-purpose gymnasium located within the Stony Brook Sports Complex in Stony Brook, New York.	Pritchard Gymnasium	Stony Brook
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nakhon Pa Mak (Thai: นครป่าหมาก) is a rural subdistrict (tambon) in the Bang Krathum district of Phitsanulok Province, Thailand.	Nakhon Pa Mak	Bang Krathum
located in the administrative territorial entity	Havasu Falls (Havasupai: Havasuw Hagjahgeevma) is a waterfall of Havasu Creek, located in the Grand Canyon, Arizona, USA.	Havasu Falls	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tuscarora Mountain Tunnel is one of four original Pennsylvania Turnpike tunnels still in active use.	Tuscarora Mountain Tunnel	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Wilson Mounds and Village Site is a prehistoric archaeological site located in and around the Marshall Ferry Cemetery in Rising Sun, White County, Illinois.	Wilson Mounds and Village Site	White County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Elite Hall, at 98 W. Main St. in Hyrum, Utah, is a historic dance hall that was built in 1917 that is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.	Elite Hall	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Choapa Province is one of the provinces making up the Coquimbo Region of Chile.	Choapa Province	Coquimbo Region
located in the administrative territorial entity	Laricheh (Persian: لاريچه‎, also Romanized as Lārīcheh; also known as Lārcheh) is a village in Musaabad Rural District, in the Central District of Dehaqan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Laricheh	Musaabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rathaus Schöneberg is the city hall for the borough of Tempelhof-Schöneberg in Berlin.	Rathaus Schöneberg	Berlin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Saint-Charles River is a river of Quebec (Canada), and the main river in Quebec City.	Saint-Charles River	Quebec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Santa Rosa Lake State Park is a state park of New Mexico, United States, located on the eastern plains.	Santa Rosa Lake State Park	New Mexico
located in the administrative territorial entity	Richwood Methodist Church is a historic church on Elmer Road in the Richwood section of Harrison Township, Gloucester County, New Jersey, United States.	Richwood Methodist Church	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Château Lagrézette (or Château de La Grézette) is an ancient fortified house near the River Lot in Caillac in the Lot department in south-western France.	Château Lagrézette	Caillac
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kalantar-e Sofla (Persian: كلانترسفلي‎, also Romanized as Kalāntar-e Soflá; also known as Kalāntar-e Bābālū and Kalāntar) is a village in Sain Rural District, in the Central District of Sarab County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Kalantar-e Sofla	Sain Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Disney's Grand Floridian Resort & Spa is a AAA Four Diamond Award--winning, Victorian themed luxury hotel and spa located at the Walt Disney World Resort in Florida.	Disney's Grand Floridian Resort & Spa	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kinishba Ruins is a 600-room Mogollon great house archaeological site in eastern Arizona and is administered by the White Mountain Apache Tribe.	Kinishba Ruins	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Režný Újezd forms one of the eleven local parts of Velemín in the Litoměřice District, part of the Usti Region of the Czech Republic.	Režný Újezd	Velemín
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mikulicze (mʲikuˈlʲit͡ʂɛ) (Ukrainian: Микуличі, Mykulychi) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Milejczyce, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Mikulicze	Gmina Milejczyce
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Brew House Association is an artist collective established in 1991 in the South Side Flats neighborhood of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.	Brew House Association	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bard Sefid Sartus (Persian: بردسفيدسرطوس‎, also Romanized as Bard Sefīd Sarṭūs) is a village in Olya Tayeb Rural District, in the Central District of Landeh County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Bard Sefid Sartus	Olya Tayeb Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khushinan (Persian: خوشينان‎, also Romanized as Khūshīnān) is a village in Khvor Khvoreh Rural District, Ziviyeh District, Saqqez County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Khushinan	Kurdistan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barg Sara (Persian: برگسرا‎, also Romanized as Barg Sarā; also known as Bargeh Sarā) is a village in Sheykh Neshin Rural District, Shanderman District, Masal County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Barg Sara	Sheykh Neshin Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sherwin Miller Museum of Jewish Art in Tulsa, Oklahoma, was founded in 1966 as the Gershon & Rebecca Fenster Museum of Jewish Art. From its inception until 1998, Tulsa's Congregation B'nai Emunah Synagogue housed the museum.	Sherwin Miller Museum of Jewish Art	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hunter Valley Railway Trust (HVRT) is a railway museum located in North Rothbury, New South Wales Australia on the site of the Rothbury Riot.	Hunter Valley Railway Trust	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pobegi (pronounced (pɔˈbeːɡi); Italian: Pobeghi) is a settlement in the City Municipality of Koper in the Littoral region of Slovenia.	Pobegi	Koper
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Olive Correctional Complex (MOCC) is the male maximum security prison for the state of West Virginia, USA.	Mount Olive Correctional Complex	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Central Pavilion Arena is a multi-purpose arena in Robstown, Texas with a capacity of just under 3,000.	Central Pavilion Arena	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Providence Mountains State Recreation Area is located in the Providence Mountains, within the Mojave National Preserve in San Bernardino County, California.	Providence Mountains State Recreation Area	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Papakura District is a former local council territory in New Zealand's Auckland Region that was governed by the Papakura District Council from 1989 until 2010.	Papakura District	Auckland Region
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pithuwa is one of the developed sub-urban area of Ratnanagar Municipality in Chitwan District in the Narayani Zone of southern Nepal.	Pithuwa	Chitwan District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Henry N. Barkhausen Cache River Wetlands Center is a nature center and natural history museum in the Cache River Wetlands, near Cypress, Illinois.	Henry N. Barkhausen Cache River Wetlands Center	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Anson County Airport (ICAO: KAFP, FAA LID: AFP) is a public airport located three miles (5 km) north of the central business district of Wadesboro, a town in Anson County, North Carolina, United States.	Anson County Airport	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	WIMS is an AM Station broadcasting on 1420 kHz in Michigan City, Indiana, and serves the northwest Indiana listening area.	WIMS	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Poarch Creek Indian Reservation is a Creek Indian reservation in the state of Alabama.	Poarch Creek Indian Reservation	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tuchaqaz (Persian: توچقاز‎, also Romanized as Tūchaqāz and Tūcheqāz; also known as Tūchaghāz and Tūcheh Ghāz) is a village in Haram Rud-e Olya Rural District, in the Central District of Malayer County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Tuchaqaz	Haram Rud-e Olya Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Trusham is a small village in the Teign Valley just outside Chudleigh between Newton Abbot and Exeter in Devon.	Trusham	Devon
located in the administrative territorial entity	St Harmon (Welsh: Llanarmon) is a village in Powys, Wales.	St Harmon	Powys
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sartaqin (Persian: سرطاقين‎, also Romanized as Sarţāqīn; also known as Sartaghin and Sarţāqī) is a village in Amjaz Rural District, in the Central District of Anbarabad County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Sartaqin	Amjaz Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Clinton-Macomb Public Library (CMPL) is a district library headquartered in Clinton Charter Township, Michigan, United States.	Clinton-Macomb Public Library	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Loke Pangma is a small village within Pangma in Khandbari Municipality Ward No. 4 of Sankhuwasabha District of eastern Nepal.	Loke Pangma	Sankhuwasabha District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dolne Grądy (ˈdɔlnɛ ˈɡrɔndɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pyzdry, within Września County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Dolne Grądy	Gmina Pyzdry
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rust College is a historically black liberal arts college located in Holly Springs, Mississippi.	Rust College	Mississippi
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grabowo Kościerskie (ɡraˈbɔvɔ kɔɕˈt͡ɕɛrskʲɛ) (German: Altgrabau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowa Karczma, within Kościerzyna County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Grabowo Kościerskie	Gmina Nowa Karczma
located in the administrative territorial entity	KDYM (1230 AM) is a radio station licensed to Sunnyside, Washington, USA.	KDYM	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Anvil Green is a small settlement located near Waltham in Kent, England, about nine miles (14.4 km) north east of Ashford.	Anvil Green	Kent
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vodenice (Serbian: Воденице) is a village in the municipality of Višegrad, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Vodenice	Višegrad
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ravand (Persian: روند‎) is a village in Dizaj Rural District, in the Central District of Khoy County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Ravand	Dizaj Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Braiswick is a village in Essex, England, 2 km northwest of Colchester.	Braiswick	Essex
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vicari (Sicilian: Vìcari) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Palermo in the Italian region Sicily, located about 35 kilometres (22 mi) southeast of Palermo.	Vicari	Province of Palermo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Golfo Aranci (Gallurese: Figari, Sardinian: Figari) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Olbia-Tempio in the Italian region Sardinia, located about 200 kilometres (120 mi) north of Cagliari and about 13 kilometres (8 mi) northeast of Olbia.	Golfo Aranci	Province of Olbia-Tempio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kap Shui Mun (Chinese: 汲水門; Jyutping: kap1 seoi2 mun4) or Throat Gates (historically spelled Capsuimoon) is the channel between Lantau Island and Ma Wan in Hong Kong.	Kap Shui Mun	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Leo J. Ryan Memorial Park is a recreational city park, located in Foster City, California and run by the city government and local citizens.	Leo J. Ryan Memorial Park	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Garth Pier is a Grade II listed structure in Bangor, Gwynedd, North Wales.	Garth Pier	Gwynedd
located in the administrative territorial entity	Terminus Dam is a dam on the Kaweah River in Tulare County, California in the United States, located near Three Rivers about 15 mi (24 km) from the western boundary of Sequoia National Park and 20 mi (32 km) east of Visalia.	Terminus Dam	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Fresno Buddhist Temple is three-story Buddhist temple in Fresno, California, United States.	Fresno Buddhist Temple	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aci Sant'Antonio (Sicilian: Jaci Sant'Antoniu) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Catania in the Italian region of Sicily, located about 160 kilometres (99 mi) southeast of Palermo and about 10 kilometres (6 mi) northeast of Catania.	Aci Sant'Antonio	Province of Catania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zangineh (Persian: زنگينه‎, also Romanized as Zangīneh) is a village in Shahrabad Rural District, Shahrabad District, Bardaskan County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Zangineh	Shahrabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kostry-Noski (ˈkɔstrɨ ˈnɔski) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Piekuty, within Wysokie Mazowieckie County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Kostry-Noski	Gmina Nowe Piekuty
located in the administrative territorial entity	Berg en Terblijt (Limburgish: Berg or Berg en Terbliet) is the official Dutch name of a village in the municipality of Valkenburg aan de Geul in the province of Limburg in the Southern part of the Netherlands.	Berg en Terblijt	Valkenburg aan de Geul
located in the administrative territorial entity	Columns of San Marco and San Todaro are two columns in Piazza San Marco, Venice, Italy.	Columns of San Marco and San Todaro	Venice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Farhadi (Persian: فرهادي‎‎, also Romanized as Farhādī) is a village in Qaleh Asgar Rural District, Lalehzar District, Bardsir County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Farhadi	Lalehzar District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fort Kissimmee Cemetery is one of the oldest Florida Heartland pioneer cemeteries located on the eastern boundary of the Avon Park Bombing Range in Highlands County, Florida along the Kissimmee River.	Fort Kissimmee Cemetery	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Howard Wood Field is a stadium in Sioux Falls, South Dakota, constructed in 1957.	Howard Wood Field	Sioux Falls
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sparks Steak House is a steakhouse restaurant located at 210 East 46th Street (between Second Avenue and Third Avenue) in Midtown Manhattan, New York City.	Sparks Steak House	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cholewy-Kołomyja (xɔˈlɛvɨ kɔwɔˈmɨja) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kołaki Kościelne, within Zambrów County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Cholewy-Kołomyja	Gmina Kołaki Kościelne
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Powder Ridge Rock Festival was scheduled to be held July 31, August 1 and August 2, 1970 at Powder Ridge Ski Area in Middlefield, Connecticut.	Powder Ridge Rock Festival	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hungry Horse Dam is an arch dam on the South Fork Flathead River in the Rocky Mountains of the U.S. state of Montana.	Hungry Horse Dam	Montana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Central Huron Secondary School ('CHSS') is a secondary school in Clinton, Ontario.	Central Huron Secondary School	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Smolenja Vas (pronounced (smɔˈleːnja ˈʋaːs); Slovene: Smolenja vas) is a village in the hills northeast of Novo Mesto in southeastern Slovenia.	Smolenja Vas	Novo Mesto
located in the administrative territorial entity	Former Niagara Falls High School is a historic high school located at Niagara Falls in Niagara County, New York, USA.	Former Niagara Falls High School	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tsing Yi Swimming Pool (Chinese: 青衣游泳池) is a public swimming pool on Tsing Yi Island, New Territories, Hong Kong.	Tsing Yi Swimming Pool	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yuting Township (Chinese: 玉亭乡) is a township-level division of Xingtang County, Shijiazhuang, Hebei, China.	Yuting Township	Xingtang County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eshgoft-e Legji (Persian: اشگفت لگجي‎, also Romanized as Eshgoft-e Legjī) is a village in Seydun-e Jonubi Rural District, Seydun District, Bagh-e Malek County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Eshgoft-e Legji	Seydun-e Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Berlin Central School District (BCSD) is a rural public school district located in the eastern part of Rensselaer County, New York and borders the Commonwealth of Massachusetts.	Berlin Central School District	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shishou (Chinese: 石首; pinyin: shíshǒu) is a county-level city under the administration of the prefectural-level city Jingzhou, in the south of Hubei province, China.	Shishou	Jingzhou
located in the administrative territorial entity	Regicides Trail is a Blue-Blazed hiking trail, about 7 miles (11 km) long, roughly following the edge of a diabase, or traprock, cliff northwest of New Haven, Connecticut.	Regicides Trail	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	İpsala (Ancient greek: Cypsèle, Κυψέλη) is a town and district of Edirne Province in northwestern Turkey.	İpsala	Edirne Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cerro Tuzgle is a dormant stratovolcano in the Susques Department of Jujuy Province in Argentina.It is a prominent back-arc volcanic centre in the Andes located about 280 kilometres (170 mi) east of the main volcanic arc.	Cerro Tuzgle	Jujuy Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The John Tears Inn is located along Goshen Turnpike between the hamlets of Circleville and Scotchtown in the Orange County, New York, town of Wallkill.	John Tears Inn	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nowrozabad (Khodargama) is a town and a nagar panchayat in Umaria district in the Indian state of Madhya Pradesh.Kendriya Vidyalaya Nowrozabad is situated in the G.M Complex.	Nowrozabad (Khodargama)	Umaria district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Schirmeck (French pronunciation: ​(ʃiʁmɛk)) is a commune in the Bas-Rhin department in Alsace-Champagne-Ardenne-Lorraine in north-eastern France.	Schirmeck	Bas-Rhin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Combpyne is a hamlet in East Devon off the A3052 road between Colyford and Lyme Regis in Dorset.	Combpyne	Devon
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Star of the Republic Museum, in Washington, Texas, USA, is the only museum in the state of Texas created specifically to collect and interpret the culture and history of the Republic of Texas from 1836-1846.	Star of the Republic Museum	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cheshmeh-ye Abgarm (Persian: چشمه ابگرم‎, also Romanized as Cheshmeh-ye Ābgarm) is a village in Mobarakabad Rural District, in the Central District of Qir and Karzin County, Fars Province, Iran.	Cheshmeh-ye Abgarm	Mobarakabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qalvazeh (Persian: قلوزه‎, also Romanized as Qālvāzeh) is a village in Sarab Qamish Rural District, in the Central District of Sanandaj County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Qalvazeh	Sarab Qamish Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Winterbourne Monkton is a small village and civil parish in Wiltshire, England, about 1 mile (1.6 km) north of Avebury Stone Circle and 6 miles (10 km) northwest of Marlborough.	Winterbourne Monkton	Wiltshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Buckeye Valley Local School District is located in Delaware, Ohio and is made up primarily of students from the Ashley and Ostrander areas.	Buckeye Valley Local School District	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Arney's Mount Friends Meetinghouse and Burial Ground is a historic Quaker meeting house located at the intersection of Mount Holly-Juliustown and Pemberton-Arney's Mount Roads, Arney's Mount, Burlington County, New Jersey.	Arney's Mount Friends Meetinghouse and Burial Ground	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bala Bazyar (Persian: بالابازيار‎, also Romanized as Bālā Bāzyār and Bālā Bāzīār; also known as Bāzyār-e Bālā) is a village in Lalehabad Rural District, Lalehabad District, Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Bala Bazyar	Lalehabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Gerald-Dowdell House is a historic Italianate style house in Montgomery, Alabama.	Gerald-Dowdell House	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	The High Level Bridge Streetcar is a historic streetcar ride over the High Level Bridge in Edmonton, Alberta.	High Level Bridge Streetcar	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Toledo Speedway is a racetrack located in Toledo, Ohio.	Toledo Speedway	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brough Lodge is a 19th-century Gothic mansion on Fetlar, one of the Shetland Islands in northern Scotland.	Brough Lodge	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gloria Ferrer Caves & Vineyards is a winery in Sonoma County, California that specializes in sparkling wines, as well as Pinot noir and Chardonnay wine.	Gloria Ferrer Caves & Vineyards	Sonoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yerington Municipal Airport (IATA: EYR, FAA LID: O43) is a city owned, public use airport located one nautical mile (2 km) north of the central business district of Yerington, in Lyon County, Nevada, United States.	Yerington Municipal Airport	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	The German American Heritage Center also known as the Germania-Miller/Standard Hotel, is a cultural center and museum in Davenport, Iowa, United States, that chronicles and preserves the history of German-Americans in the Midwest region.	German American Heritage Center	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	The V.F.W. Sports Center is a multi purpose ice arena and recreational facility located in Bismarck, North Dakota owned and operated by the City of Bismarck Parks & Recreation Department.	V.F.W. Sports Center	Bismarck
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grimes Field (FAA LID: I74) is a city-owned public-use airport located one nautical mile (1.85 km) north of the central business district of Urbana, a city in Champaign County, Ohio, United States.	Grimes Field	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Integris Southwest Medical Center is a comprehensive hospital located in southwest Oklahoma City, Oklahoma.	Integris Southwest Medical Center	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tieringen is a district of the town of Meßstetten in the Zollernalbkreis district of Baden-Württemberg, Germany.	Tieringen	Baden-Württemberg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Silver Dollar City is a theme park in the state of Missouri.	Silver Dollar City	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wertach is a small town in the Oberallgäu district, southern Bavaria, Germany, in the German Alps.	Wertach	Oberallgäu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Canadian Forces Base Cornwallis (also CFB Cornwallis) is a former Canadian Forces Base located in Deep Brook, Nova Scotia.	CFB Cornwallis	Nova Scotia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jinzhou District (simplified Chinese: 金州区; traditional Chinese: 金州區; pinyin: Jīnzhōu Qū; literally: ``golden prefecture'') is one of the seven districts of Dalian, Liaoning province, People's Republic of China.	Jinzhou District	Dalian
located in the administrative territorial entity	Orkkatteri is a small town in Kozhikode district in the North Malabar region of state of Kerala, India.	Orkkatteri	Kozhikode district	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sarcarsamakulam, also known as Kovilpalayam, is a western suburb in Coimbatore in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.	Sarcarsamakulam	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nehon is a census town in Rupnagar district in the Indian state of Punjab.	Nehon	Rupnagar district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tworzyjanów (tfɔʐɨˈjanuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Marcinowice, within Świdnica County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Tworzyjanów	Gmina Marcinowice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Trzebujewo (tʂɛbuˈjɛvɔ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Szczecinek, within Szczecinek County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Trzebujewo	Gmina Szczecinek
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mineral Springs Waterworks is a historic site located in Mineral Springs, Arkansas.	Mineral Springs Waterworks	Arkansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Krzczonów-Skałka (ˈkʂt͡ʂɔnuf ˈskau̯ka) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Krzczonów, within Lublin County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Krzczonów-Skałka	Gmina Krzczonów
located in the administrative territorial entity	The African Cemetery at Higgs Beach is an historic cemetery in Key West, Florida.	African Cemetery at Higgs Beach	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wysoka Krajeńska (vɨˈsɔka kraˈjɛɲska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sępólno Krajeńskie, within Sępólno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Wysoka Krajeńska	Gmina Sępólno Krajeńskie
located in the administrative territorial entity	South Buffalo North Side Light is a lighthouse formerly located at the entrance to Buffalo Harbor, Buffalo, New York.	South Buffalo North Side Light	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Piode (Piedmontese: Piòvi) is a comune (municipality) and village of Valsesia in the Province of Vercelli in the Italian region Piedmont, located about 80 kilometres (50 mi) northeast of Turin and about 60 kilometres (37 mi) northwest of Vercelli.	Piode	Province of Vercelli
located in the administrative territorial entity	Olsztyn County (Polish: powiat olsztyński) is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, northern Poland.	Olsztyn County	Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Conover Building is a historic structure in downtown Dayton, Ohio, United States.	Conover Building	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ijrud-e Pain Rural District (Persian: دهستان ايجرودپائين‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Halab District, Ijrud County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Ijrud-e Pain Rural District	Zanjan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oxnard Field (also known at various times as Albuquerque Airport and Albuquerque Army Air Field) was the first airport in Albuquerque, New Mexico.	Oxnard Field	New Mexico
located in the administrative territorial entity	Goldhunga is a Village Development Committee(VDC) in Kathmandu District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal.	Goldhunga	Kathmandu District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bani Saleh Rural District (Persian: دهستان بني صالح‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Neysan District, Hoveyzeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Bani Saleh Rural District	Hoveyzeh County
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Municipal District of Spirit River No. 133 is a municipal district in northwest Alberta, Canada, north of Grande Prairie.	Municipal District of Spirit River No. 133	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Matachewan First Nation is an Ojibway and Cree First Nation reserve located in the Timiskaming District of Ontario, Canada.	Matachewan First Nation	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Portsalon (Irish: Port an tSalainn) is a coastal townland in County Donegal, Ireland.	Portsalon	County Donegal
located in the administrative territorial entity	Westmount Charter School is a charter school based in Calgary, Alberta, Canada; which educates gifted students from kindergarten to grade 12.	Westmount Charter School	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Desana (Dzan-a in Piedmontese) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Vercelli in the Italian region Piedmont, located about 60 kilometres (37 mi) northeast of Turin and about 8 kilometres (5 mi) southwest of Vercelli.	Desana	Province of Vercelli
located in the administrative territorial entity	Little Dunmow is a village situated in rural Essex, England, in the vale of the River Chelmer about 3 miles (4.8 km) east-southeast of the town of Great Dunmow.	Little Dunmow	Essex
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Chelen Glacier (German: Chelengletscher) is a 2.5 km long glacier (2005) situated in the Urner Alps in the canton of Uri in Switzerland.	Chelen Glacier	Uri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gmina Zielona Góra was a rural gmina (administrative district) in Zielona Góra County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.	Gmina Zielona Góra	Zielona Góra County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Southwest Schools is an operator of state charter schools headquartered in Houston, Texas, United States.	Southwest Schools	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shahr-e Elahi (Persian: شهر الهي‎, also Romanized as Shahr-e Elāhī) is a village in Karian Rural District, in the Central District of Minab County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Shahr-e Elahi	Karian Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Corinda State High School (CSHS) is a non-selective, co-educational, state secondary school, located in Corinda, Queensland, Australia.	Corinda State High School	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Caudy's Castle is a rock pinnacle of Ridgeley (Oriskany) sandstone that stands 1,070 feet (326 m) above sea level over the Cacapon River near the Bloomery Pike (West Virginia Route 127) south of Forks of Cacapon in Hampshire County, West Virginia.	Caudy's Castle	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sarab-e Siah (Persian: سراب سياه‎, also Romanized as Sarāb-e Sīāh; also known as Sarāb-e Shāh Neshīn and Sarāb-e Shān Neshīn) is a village in Rostam-e Do Rural District, in the Central District of Rostam County, Fars Province, Iran.	Sarab-e Siah	Rostam-e Do Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kosad (Hindi:कोसाड) is city and a Municipality in Surat district in the Indian state of Gujarat.	Kosad	Surat district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cadham is a precinct in the former new town of Glenrothes in Fife, Scotland.	Cadham	Fife
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Eliza R. Snow Performing Arts Center is a performing arts center located at Brigham Young University-Idaho in Rexburg, Idaho, USA.	Eliza R. Snow Performing Arts Center	Idaho
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dul Dava (Persian: دول دعوا‎, also Romanized as Dūl Daʿvā) is a village in Seyyedvaliyeddin Rural District, Sardasht District, Dezful County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Dul Dava	Seyyedvaliyeddin Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Scarrington is a civil parish and village in the Rushcliffe borough of Nottinghamshire, adjacent to Bingham, Car Colston, Hawksworth, Orston and Aslockton.	Scarrington	Rushcliffe
located in the administrative territorial entity	Briercrest College and Seminary is a private Evangelical Christian post-secondary educational institution located in Caronport, Saskatchewan, Canada.	Briercrest College and Seminary	Saskatchewan
located in the administrative territorial entity	KIQS (1560 AM) is a radio station licensed to Willows, California, USA.	KIQS	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cedarville State Forest (38°38′25``N 76°49′13''W) is a state forest and protected area in the state of Maryland, near Brandywine, Cedarville, and Waldorf.	Cedarville State Forest	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zhalantun (simplified Chinese: 扎兰屯; traditional Chinese: 扎蘭屯; pinyin: Zhālántún; Mongolian: ᠵᠠᠯᠠᠨ ᠠᠢ᠌ᠯ ᠬᠣᠲᠠ Жалан-Айл хот) or Zalantun (Manchu J̌alan Ai``l or Jalan Tun), is a city with an estimated population of 132,408 and administrative division of Hulunbuir Prefecture-level city, Inner Mongolia, China.	Zhalantun	Hulunbuir
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jaworznia (jaˈvɔʐɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piekoszów, within Kielce County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Jaworznia	Gmina Piekoszów
located in the administrative territorial entity	KRTM (88.1 FM) is a Christian radio station licensed to Banning, California, and serving the Palm Springs radio market.	KRTM	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Szalejów Górny (ʂaˈlɛjuf ˈɡurnɨ) (German: Oberschwedeldorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kłodzko, within Kłodzko County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Szalejów Górny	Gmina Kłodzko
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hjelledalstind is a mountain in the municipality of Årdal in Sogn og Fjordane county, Norway, in the Jotunheimen mountain range.	Hjelledalstind	Årdal
located in the administrative territorial entity	Scalloway Castle is a tower house in Scalloway, on the Mainland of Shetland, off the north coast of Scotland.	Scalloway Castle	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Llanerchydol is a settlement on the A458 about 2 km west of the centre of Welshpool in the county of Powys in Wales.	Llanerchydol	Powys
located in the administrative territorial entity	The New Haven Free Public Library (also known as the NHFPL) is the public library system serving New Haven, Connecticut.	New Haven Free Public Library	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ardwell (from Gaelic Àrd Bhaile meaning ``high town'', pronounced as ``Ardwell'') is a village in the Scottish unitary council area of Dumfries and Galloway.	Ardwell	Dumfries and Galloway
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yaqub Mahalleh (Persian: يعقوب محله‎, also Romanized as Ya``qūb Maḩalleh) is a village in Peyrajeh Rural District, in the Central District of Neka County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 48, in 18 families.	Yaqub Mahalleh	Peyrajeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	High Melton is a village and civil parish in the Metropolitan Borough of Doncaster in South Yorkshire, England.	High Melton	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rising Paper Mill is a historic factory at 295 Park Street North, in the Housatonic village of Great Barrington, Massachusetts.	Rising Paper Mill	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The National Museum of Women in the Arts (NMWA) is a gender specific museum, located in Washington, D.C. is the only museum solely dedicated to celebrating women's achievements in the visual, performing, and literary arts.	National Museum of Women in the Arts	Washington, D.C.
located in the administrative territorial entity	Glaznoty (ɡlazˈnɔtɨ) (German Marienfelde) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostróda, within Ostróda County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Glaznoty	Gmina Ostróda
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rososzka (rɔˈsɔʂka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chynów, within Grójec County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Rososzka	Gmina Chynów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dom Shahr (Persian: دمشهر‎, also Romanized as Domshahr; also known as Dovom Shahr and Dumshehr) is a village in Gurband Rural District, in the Central District of Minab County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Dom Shahr	Gurband Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Variazh (Ukrainian: Варяж; Polish: Waręż) is a former city (currently a village) in the Sokal Raion (district) of Lviv Oblast (province) in western Ukraine.	Variazh	Sokal Raion
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Palatine Higher Regional Court in Zweibrücken (Pfälzisches Oberlandesgericht Zweibrücken) is, alongside the Higher Regional Court in Koblenz, one of two Higher Regional Courts in the federal state of Rhineland-Palatinate.	Palatine Higher Regional Court	Rhineland-Palatinate
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Stade Louis Hon is a stadium in Saint-Raphaël, Var, France, France.	Stade Louis Hon	Saint-Raphaël
located in the administrative territorial entity	Karimabad-e Robat (Persian: كريم ابادرباط‎, also Romanized as Karīmābād-e Robāṭ; also known as Karīmābād) is a village in Baghin Rural District, in the Central District of Kerman County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Karimabad-e Robat	Baghin Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Creighton University Medical Center (also known as Creighton University Medical Center-Saint Joseph Hospital) is a hospital located in North Downtown Omaha, Nebraska.	Creighton University Medical Center	Nebraska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chitrakoot Dham (Karwi) is district headquarters and a municipal board in Chitrakoot district in the state of Uttar Pradesh, India.	Chitrakoot Dham (Karwi)	Chitrakoot district
located in the administrative territorial entity	The CODE Dome is a 3,528 seat arena in Guadalajara, Jalisco, México, that was renovated in 2011 to host the basketball and table tennis competitions at the 2011 Pan American Games.	CODE Dome	Guadalajara
located in the administrative territorial entity	Castlemont Community of Small Schools was a community of three autonomous small schools in Oakland, California, created by splitting up Castlemont High School, originally known as East Oakland High School.	Castlemont Community of Small Schools	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Church Gresley is a village and former civil parish in the South Derbyshire district of Derbyshire, England.	Church Gresley	Derbyshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Blake Falls Reservoir is a reservoir in the Adirondack Park in Parishville, New York.	Blake Falls Reservoir	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cempora (t͡sɛmˈpɔra) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nur, within Ostrów Mazowiecka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Cempora	Gmina Nur
located in the administrative territorial entity	Monte Verde is an archaeological site in southern Chile, located near Puerto Montt, Southern Chile, which has been dated to 14,800 years BP.	Monte Verde	Puerto Montt
located in the administrative territorial entity	Springdale Cemetery is a historic, non-sectarian, active cemetery in the United States city of Peoria, Illinois.	Springdale Cemetery	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kappumthala (Malayalam: കാപ്പുംന്തല) is a village in Kottayam district in the state of Kerala, India.	Kappumthala	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tuh Chah-e Falavand (Persian: توه چاه فلاوند‎, also Romanized as Tūh Chāh-e Falāvand, Tūchāh-e Falāvand, and Tūchāh Falāvand; also known as Tūchāh) is a village in Veysian Rural District, Veysian District, Dowreh County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Tuh Chah-e Falavand	Veysian Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Wenham Historic District is a predominantly rural and residential historic district in Wenham, Massachusetts.	Wenham Historic District	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Foča-Ustikolina used to be part of the original Foča municipality, but split itself 1995 and became part of the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Foča-Ustikolina	Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nueva Toltén is a Chilean town in Toltén commune, Cautín Province, Araucania Region.	Nueva Toltén	Cautín Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Salish Kootenai College (SKC) is a Native American tribal college based in Pablo, Montana which serves the Bitterroot Salish, Kootenai, and Pend d'Oreilles tribes.	Salish Kootenai College	Montana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rattery is a village and civil parish in Devon, England, a few miles from Buckfastleigh, Ashburton, and Dartington.	Rattery	Devon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gardan Taq (Persian: گردن طاق‎, also Romanized as Gardan Ţāq; also known as Gardaneh Ţāqā and Takht-e Kāshān) is a village in Pian Rural District, in the Central District of Izeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Gardan Taq	Pian Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hetton is a small Dales village in the Craven district of North Yorkshire, England, situated 5.75 miles north by B 6265 of Skipton.	Hetton	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bietigheim-Bissingen is the second-largest town in the district of Ludwigsburg, Baden-Württemberg, Germany with 42,515 inhabitants in 2007.	Bietigheim-Bissingen	Ludwigsburg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Łączyńska Huta (wɔnˈt͡ʂɨɲska ˈxuta) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chmielno, within Kartuzy County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Łączyńska Huta	Gmina Chmielno
located in the administrative territorial entity	Colonial Forge High School is a public high school in Stafford, Virginia serving students in grades nine through twelve in the central portion of Stafford County, Virginia.	Colonial Forge High School	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Chabot Regional Park is a regional park located in the southern Berkeley Hills in Alameda County, California.	Lake Chabot Regional Park	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hyatt Regency Dallas is a 345 ft (105 m) 30-story, 1,120-room hotel at the Reunion district in Dallas, Texas.	Hyatt Regency Dallas	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Bosworth is located in the Canadian Rockies on the border of Alberta and British Columbia.	Mount Bosworth	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sulzbach am Main (officially Sulzbach a.Main) is a market municipality in the Miltenberg district in the Regierungsbezirk of Lower Franconia (Unterfranken) in Bavaria, Germany.	Sulzbach am Main	Miltenberg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Moraine Country Club is a country club located in Kettering, Ohio, in the Dayton Metropolitan Area.	Moraine Country Club	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Raška District (Serbian: Рашки округ / Raški okrug) is a district of Serbia, which expands in the south-western part of the country.	Raška District	Serbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bay Islet or See Chau (Chinese: 匙洲) is an uninhabited island in Sai Kung, Hong Kong.	Bay Islet	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wankhed is a small village, situated on the bank of Vaan River in Maharashtra, India.	Wankhed	Maharashtra
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Blue Hills Reservation Parkways are a network of historic parkways in and around the Blue Hills Reservation, a Massachusetts state park south of Boston, Massachusetts.	Blue Hills Reservation Parkways	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wissahickon Skating Club (WSC) is a non-profit skating club in the Chestnut Hill section of Philadelphia.	Wissahickon Skating Club	Philadelphia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hasliberg is a Swiss municipality in the Interlaken-Oberhasli administrative district in the canton of Bern.	Hasliberg	Interlaken-Oberhasli administrative district
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Saco-Lowell Shops Housing Historic District encompasses the only 20th-century factory working housing enclave in the city of Newton, Massachusetts.	Saco-Lowell Shops Housing Historic District	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dowzeyn (Persian: دوزين‎, also Romanized as Dozeyn and Dozīn) is a village in Kuhsarat Rural District, in the Central District of Minudasht County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Dowzeyn	Golestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tsuen Wan New Town is a new town in Hong Kong.	Tsuen Wan New Town	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hazlerigg (often misspelled Hazelrigg) is a village and civil parish north of the City of Newcastle upon Tyne in Tyne and Wear, England.	Hazlerigg	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Peringad is a village near to Kadakkal Town in Kollam District, Kerala, India.	Peringad	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	Arvar (Persian: ارور‎) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District, in the Central District of Nain County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Arvar	Kuhestan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lima Senior High School, the only high school in the Lima City Schools District, was established in 1955, in Lima, Ohio.	Lima Senior High School	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Knyszyna (knɨˈʂɨna) (German: Skalitz) is a former village in the administrative district of Gmina Suchy Las, within Poznań County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Knyszyna	Gmina Suchy Las
located in the administrative territorial entity	Słupsk (swupsk) (also known by several alternative names) is a city in the Pomeranian Voivodeship, in the northern part of Poland.	Słupsk	Pomeranian Voivodeship
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cefn Cribwr is a village and community in Bridgend County Borough in south Wales.	Cefn Cribwr	Bridgend County Borough
located in the administrative territorial entity	St. Andrews Airport or Winnipeg/St. Andrews Airport, (ICAO: CYAV), is a general aviation facility located 10 nautical miles (19 km; 12 mi) north northeast of Winnipeg, in the Rural Municipality of St. Andrews, Manitoba, Canada.	St. Andrews Airport	Manitoba
located in the administrative territorial entity	Solapandi(614016) is a village under Thalayamangalam village panchayat of Mannargudi taluk in Tiruvarur district of Tamil Nadu, India.	Solapandi	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Saratoga Mall was an enclosed shopping mall in Wilton, New York near the city of Saratoga Springs, New York.	Saratoga Mall	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Riverside County Library System (RCLS), located in Riverside County, California, United States, is a public library system composed of 35 libraries and two bookmobiles.	Riverside County Library System	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ekwok Airport (IATA: KEK, FAA LID: KEK) is a state owned, public use airport serving Ekwok, a city in the Dillingham Census Area of the U.S. state of Alaska.	Ekwok Airport	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barksdale Theatre in Richmond, Virginia, United States is Central Virginia's first nonprofit professional performing arts organization, founded in 1953 at the historic Hanover Tavern by Tom Carlin, Stewart Falconer, David 'Pete' Kilgore, Priscilla Kilgore, Muriel McAuley and Pat Sharp.	Barksdale Theatre	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Joniny Małe (jɔˈninɨ ˈmawɛ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Karsin, within Kościerzyna County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Joniny Małe	Gmina Karsin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dalachów (daˈlaxuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rudniki, within Olesno County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Dalachów	Gmina Rudniki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zaróg (ˈzaruk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koniecpol, within Częstochowa County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Zaróg	Gmina Koniecpol
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lamakun (Persian: لماكون‎, also Romanized as Lamākūn) is a village in Sadat Mahmudi Rural District, Pataveh District, Dana County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Lamakun	Sadat Mahmudi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Abita Mystery House is a roadside attraction located in the heart of Abita Springs, Louisiana, United States.	Abita Mystery House	Abita Springs
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chludnie (ˈxludɲe) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mały Płock, within Kolno County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Chludnie	Gmina Mały Płock
located in the administrative territorial entity	Siennica-Pietrasze (ɕɛnˈnit͡sa pjɛˈtraʂɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czyżew-Osada, within Wysokie Mazowieckie County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Siennica-Pietrasze	Gmina Czyżew
located in the administrative territorial entity	Itteringham is a village and civil parish in the English county of Norfolk, some 4 1⁄2 miles (7.2 km) northwest of the market town of Aylsham.	Itteringham	Norfolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sar Nish (Persian: سرنيش‎, also Romanized as Sar Nīsh) is a village in Sarjam Rural District, Ahmadabad District, Mashhad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Sar Nish	Sarjam Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Main Mall was an outdoor pedestrian shopping plaza in downtown Poughkeepsie, New York, which was in existence from 1973 until 2001.	Main Mall	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sherri Parker Lee Stadium is a softball stadium in Knoxville, Tennessee.	Sherri Parker Lee Stadium	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	The PBI Regional Medical Center was a hospital in Passaic, New Jersey which was located on Boulevard, between Oak Street and Howe Avenue (now home to St. Mary's Hospital).	PBI Regional Medical Center	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Golden Green is a village in the Medway valley near Tonbridge, Kent.	Golden Green	Kent
located in the administrative territorial entity	San Tsuen (Chinese: 新村) is a village situated in the north eastern New Territories of Hong Kong, to the west of the town of Shataukok.	San Tsuen	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Henry I. Harriman House is a historic French château style house at 825 Centre Street in Newton, Massachusetts.	Henry I. Harriman House	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Miława (miˈwava) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzemeszno, within Gniezno County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Miława	Gmina Trzemeszno
located in the administrative territorial entity	Langhaugane is a village along the river Jølstra in the municipality of Jølster in Sogn og Fjordane county, Norway.	Langhaugane	Jølster
located in the administrative territorial entity	Złota Wieś (ˈzwɔta ˈvjɛɕ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czarna Białostocka, within Białystok County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Złota Wieś	Gmina Czarna Białostocka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Daveyton is a township in the Ekurhuleni Metropolitan Municipality of Gauteng in South Africa.	Daveyton	Ekurhuleni Metropolitan Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Piazza del Popolo is a large urban square in Rome.	Piazza del Popolo	Rome
located in the administrative territorial entity	Makarówka (makaˈrufka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Huszlew, within Łosice County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Makarówka	Gmina Huszlew
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Badami cave temples are a complex of four cave temples located in Badami, a town in the Bagalkot district in northern part of Karnataka, India.	Badami cave temples	Bagalkot district	Karnataka
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Southfield Village was a housing project in Stamford, Connecticut.	Southfield Village	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kezab Rural District (Persian: دهستان كذاب‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Khezrabad District, Saduq County, Yazd Province, Iran.	Kezab Rural District	Khezrabad District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Falls Fire Barn Museum, also known as the Fire Barn or ``Falls Fire Station No. 2'' is an historic fire station on Commonwealth Avenue in the village of Attleboro Falls in North Attleborough, Massachusetts.	Falls Fire Barn Museum	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Taghenkoh-e Shomali Rural District (Persian: دهستان طاغنكوه شمالي‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Taghenkoh District, Firuzeh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Taghenkoh-e Shomali Rural District	Taghenkoh District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tang-e Sheykh (Persian: تنگ شيخ‎; also known as Chamrān and Chamrānābād) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Behbahan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Tang-e Sheykh	Howmeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hotel Adelaide is a historic apartment house at 13--21 High Street in the Pill Hill neighborhood of Brookline, Massachusetts, USA.	Hotel Adelaide	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Quail Creek State Park is a state park of Utah, USA, featuring a 600-acre (240 ha) reservoir.	Quail Creek State Park	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Veerplas (Dutch pronunciation: (ˌveɪrˈplɑs)) is an artificial lake directly east of the Dutch city of Haarlem.	Veerplas	Haarlem
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Phyllis J. Tilley Memorial Bridge is a pedestrian bridge in Fort Worth, Texas.	Phyllis J. Tilley Memorial Bridge	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Culloden Viaduct, known also as the Nairn Viaduct or the Clava Viaduct is a railway viaduct on the Highland Main Line, to the east of the city of Inverness, in the Highland council area of Scotland.	Culloden Viaduct	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bard Azhadha (Persian: برداژدها‎, also Romanized as Bard Āzhadhā) is a village in Seyyedvaliyeddin Rural District, Sardasht District, Dezful County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Bard Azhadha	Seyyedvaliyeddin Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Osman Kola (Persian: عثمان كلا‎, also Romanized as ``Os̄mān Kolā) is a village in Kelardasht-e Sharqi Rural District, Kelardasht District, Chalus County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 132, in 42 families.	Osman Kola	Kelardasht-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kubrat Municipality (Bulgarian: Община Кубрат) is a municipality (obshtina) in Razgrad Province, Northeastern Bulgaria, located in the Danubian Plain about 10 km south of Danube river.	Kubrat Municipality	Razgrad Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	W. B. Adams Stadium is a 5,500-seat stadium in Ferrum, Virginia where it serves as home to the Ferrum College football team as well as the school's recently founded Men's Lacrosse team.	W. B. Adams Stadium	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The former Bass River Railroad Station was located on Station Avenue in Yarmouth, Massachusetts.	Bass River Railroad Station	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Santa Coloma de Cervelló (Catalan pronunciation: (ˈsantə kuˈɫomə ðə sərβəˈʎo)) is a municipality situated in the comarca of Baix Llobregat, at the province of Barcelona, Catalonia, Spain.	Santa Coloma de Cervelló	Baix Llobregat
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kola Siah (Persian: كلا سياه‎, also Romanized as Kolā Sīāh; also known as Kolāh Sīāh) is a village in Band-e Amir Rural District, Zarqan District, Shiraz County, Fars Province, Iran.	Kola Siah	Band-e Amir Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chenartu (Persian: چنارتو‎, also Romanized as Chenārtū) is a village in Khvor Khvoreh Rural District, Ziviyeh District, Saqqez County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Chenartu	Kurdistan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Devil Mountain Lakes is a maar (a form of crater lake) in the western part of Alaska.	Devil Mountain Lakes	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kinlochbervie (Scottish Gaelic: Ceann Loch Biorbhaidh) is a harbour village in the north west of Sutherland, in the Highland region of Scotland.	Kinlochbervie	Highland	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Imboden District (German: 'Bezirk Imboden', Romansh: District dal Plaun ) is an administrative district in the canton of Graubünden, Switzerland.	Imboden District	Graubünden
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zhashui County (simplified Chinese: 柞水县; traditional Chinese: 柞水縣; pinyin: Zhàshuǐ Xiàn) is a county of Shangluo, Shaanxi, China, has an area of 2,322 square kilometers and a population of 160,000 as of 2004.	Zhashui County	Shangluo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chaqa Hoseyn (Persian: چقاحسين‎, also Romanized as Chaqā Ḩoseyn and Choqā Ḩoseyn) is a village in Chaqa Narges Rural District, Mahidasht District, Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Chaqa Hoseyn	Chaqa Narges Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sefid Dali (Persian: سفيددالي‎, also Romanized as Sefīd Dālī; also known as Sefīd Ālū and Sefīd Golī) is a village in Golestan Rural District, in the Central District of Jajrom County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Sefid Dali	Golestan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Dunbar Hospital was the first hospital for the black community in Detroit, Michigan.	Dunbar Hospital	Detroit
located in the administrative territorial entity	Etolin Island is an island in the Alexander Archipelago of southeastern Alaska, United States at 56°05′52``N 132°21′37''W. It is between Prince of Wales Island, to its west, and the Alaska mainland, to its east.	Etolin Island	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ritom funicular (Italian: Funicolare del Ritom) is a funicular railway in the canton of Ticino, Switzerland.	Ritom funicular	Ticino
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Fire Island Lighthouse is a visible landmark on the Great South Bay, in southern Suffolk County, New York on the western end of Fire Island, a barrier island off the southern coast of Long Island.	Fire Island Lighthouse	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Norfolk Assembly was a Ford manufacturing plant that opened on April 20, 1925 on the Elizabeth River, near downtown Norfolk, Virginia -- closing in 2007.	Norfolk Assembly	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mikheil Meskhi Stadium, also known as the Lokomotivi Stadium, is a multi-purpose stadium in Tbilisi, Georgia named after the famous Georgian international footballer.	Mikheil Meskhi Stadium	Tbilisi
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pyhäjoki is part of the Northern Ostrobothnia region.	Pyhäjoki	Northern Ostrobothnia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Swanepoelspoort Pass, (English: Swanepoel's Gate), or just Swanepoelspoort, is situated in the Eastern Cape, province of South Africa, on the R337 road between Willowmore and Klipplaat.	Swanepoelspoort	Eastern Cape
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Sacagawea is the eighth highest peak in Wyoming and the seventh highest in the Wind River Range.	Mount Sacagawea	Wyoming
located in the administrative territorial entity	The New England Glassworks was a short-lived glass-making factory located in Temple, New Hampshire in the 1780s, and one of the first glassworks in the United States.	New England Glassworks	Temple
located in the administrative territorial entity	Theodoros Kolokotronis Stadium (Greek: Γήπεδο Θεόδωρος Κολοκοτρώνης), formerly known as Asteras Tripolis Stadium, is a football stadium in Tripoli, Greece.	Theodoros Kolokotronis Stadium	Tripoli
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gandeh Cheshmeh (Persian: گنده چشمه‎; also known as Gandāb and Qondāb) is a village in Fariman Rural District, in the Central District of Fariman County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Gandeh Cheshmeh	Fariman Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Montview Boulevard Presbyterian Church is a historic church at 1980 Dahlia Street in Denver, Colorado.	Montview Boulevard Presbyterian Church	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Waveland Round Barn is an historical structure located near Cushing, Iowa in rural Ida County, Iowa.	Waveland Round Barn	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Opoka-Kolonia Michalin (ɔˈpɔka kɔˈlɔɲa mʲiˈxalʲin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Annopol, within Kraśnik County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Opoka-Kolonia Michalin	Gmina Annopol
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Freier Round Barn is a historic round barn in rural Jones County, South Dakota, United States.	Freier Round Barn	South Dakota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Allerdale is a non-metropolitan district of Cumbria, England, with borough status.	Allerdale	Cumbria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Umarkhed is a town (Population: 48000) and a municipal council in Yavatmal district of Vidarbha region of the Indian state of Maharashtra.	Umarkhed	Yavatmal district
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Farallon Islands, or Farallones (from the Spanish farallón meaning ``pillar'' or ``sea cliff''), are a group of islands and sea stacks in the Gulf of the Farallones, off the coast of San Francisco, California, United States.	Farallon Islands	San Francisco
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wierzchoniów (vjɛʂˈxɔɲuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kazimierz Dolny, within Puławy County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Wierzchoniów	Gmina Kazimierz Dolny
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gruber's Grinder a mountain bike trail in Holly, Michigan, United States.	Gruber's Grinder	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Greers Ferry Dam is located on the Little Red River in Cleburne County in the U.S. state of Arkansas.	Greers Ferry Dam	Arkansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The House at 102 Staniford Street in the Auburndale section of Newton, Massachusetts, is a rare surviving element of Auburndale's agricultural past.	House at 102 Staniford Street	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Georgeson Botanical Garden is located at 117 West Tanana Drive on the University of Alaska Fairbanks campus in Fairbanks, Alaska, USA.	Georgeson Botanical Garden	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Holmen High School is a high school located in Holmen, Wisconsin as part of the Holmen School District.	Holmen High School	Wisconsin
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Dahlman neighborhood is located south of downtown Omaha, Nebraska.	Dahlman neighborhood	Nebraska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Borj-e Jowkar (Persian: برج جوكار‎, also Romanized as Borj-e Jowkār) is a village in Margown Rural District, Margown District, Boyer-Ahmad County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Borj-e Jowkar	Margown Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Burnsed Blockhouse (also known as the Carl Brown House) is a historic site originally located north of Sanderson, Florida, USA, off Jacksonville Road.	Burnsed Blockhouse	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Meremišlje (Serbian: Меремишље) is a village in the municipality of Višegrad, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Meremišlje	Višegrad
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Amboy United Brethren Church is a church located in Amboy, Washington listed on the National Register of Historic Places.	Amboy United Brethren Church	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Palmerin Hotel (also known as the Davis Islands Motor Hotel or Hudson Manor Hotel) is a historic hotel in Tampa, Florida, United States.	Palmerin Hotel	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	The University of Kashmir (Kashmiri: دانشگاه کشمیر, Hindi: कश्मीर विश्वविद्यालय) is on the western side of the Dal Lake in the city of Srinagar which lies in the Indian state of Jammu and Kashmir.	University of Kashmir	Srinagar	Jammu and Kashmir
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gwangjin District (Gwangjin-gu) is one of the 25 wards (gu) of Seoul, South Korea.	Gwangjin District	Seoul
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Fort of the Açougue (Portuguese: Forte do Açougue), ruins of a 16th-century fortification located in the municipality of Angra do Heroísmo, along the southern coast of Terceira, Portuguese archipelago of the Azores.	Fort of the Açougue	Azores
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nowy Barkoczyn (ˈnɔvɨ barˈkɔt͡ʂɨn) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowa Karczma, within Kościerzyna County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Nowy Barkoczyn	Gmina Nowa Karczma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Queenstown Airport (IATA: ZQN, ICAO: NZQN) is located in Frankton, Otago, New Zealand, and serves the resort town of Queenstown.	Queenstown Airport	Otago
located in the administrative territorial entity	Manchester Airport (IATA: MAN, ICAO: EGCC) is an international airport in Ringway, Manchester, England, 7.5 nautical miles (13.9 km; 8.6 mi) south west of Manchester city centre.	Manchester Airport	Ringway
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wola Kulońska (ˈvɔla kuˈlɔɲska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biszcza, within Biłgoraj County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Wola Kulońska	Gmina Biszcza
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Unicorn Cave (German: Einhornhöhle) is the largest show cave in the West Harz, about 1½ kilometres northwest of Scharzfeld in the borough of Herzberg am Harz in central Germany.	Unicorn Cave	Scharzfeld
located in the administrative territorial entity	The John Freeman Walls Historic Site and Underground Railroad Museum is a 20-acre (81,000 m2) historical site located in Puce, now Lakeshore, Ontario, Canada, about 25 miles east of Windsor.	John Freeman Walls Historic Site	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Damla Espid (Persian: دم لااسپيد‎, also Romanized as Damlā Espīd; also known as Damleh) is a village in Dehdasht-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Kohgiluyeh County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Damla Espid	Dehdasht-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Orlina Duża (ɔrˈlina ˈduʐa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gizałki, within Pleszew County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Orlina Duża	Gmina Gizałki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Columbia Cosmopolitan Recreation Area, commonly referred to as Cosmo Park, is a city park in Columbia, Missouri.	Cosmo Park	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Clowne (pronounced as Clown) is a village and civil parish in the Bolsover district of Derbyshire, England.	Clowne	Derbyshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mount Vernon Triangle Historic District is a historic area in the Mount Vernon Triangle neighborhood of Washington, D.C., consisting of 24 contributing buildings near the corner of K St. and 5th St, NW.	Mount Vernon Triangle Historic District	Washington, D.C.
located in the administrative territorial entity	Champion High School is a public high school in Champion Township, near Warren, Ohio, United States.	Champion High School	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Měděnec (German: Kupferberg) is a village and municipality (obec) in Chomutov District in the Ústí nad Labem Region of the Czech Republic.	Měděnec	Chomutov District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Åraksbø is a small village or hamlet in the municipality of Bygland in Aust-Agder county, Norway.	Åraksbø	Aust-Agder
located in the administrative territorial entity	Poshtehan (Persian: پشتهان‎, also Romanized as Poshtehān and Poshtahān; also known as Poshtān, Poshtehān-e Bozorg, Pushtagan, and Pushtān) is a village in Dasht-e Veyl Rural District, Rahmatabad and Blukat District, Rudbar County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Poshtehan	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Anhalt Castle (German: Burg Anhalt) is a ruined medieval fortification near Harzgerode, in Saxony-Anhalt, Germany.	Anhalt Castle	Saxony-Anhalt
located in the administrative territorial entity	New Barnet is an area within the London Borough of Barnet.	New Barnet	London Borough of Barnet
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Green Bank Interferometer (GBI) is a former radio astronomy telescope located at Green Bank, West Virginia (USA) and operated by the National Radio Astronomy Observatory (NRAO).	Green Bank Interferometer	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Spokane College of English Language (known as SCEL) is an English language college in Spokane, Washington, USA.	Spokane College of English Language	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kleiner Grasbrook is a quarter (Stadtteil) of Hamburg, Germany within the borough (Bezirk) of Hamburg-Mitte.	Kleiner Grasbrook	Hamburg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sagran (Persian: سگران‎, also Romanized as Sagrān and Sakrān) is a village in Miyan Taleqan Rural District, in the Central District of Taleqan County, Alborz Province, Iran.	Sagran	Miyan Taleqan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tazehabad-e Kukav (Persian: تازه ابادكوكاو‎, also Romanized as Tāzehābād-e Kūkāv; also known as Tāzehābād) is a village in Howmeh-ye Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Eslamabad-e Gharb County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Tazehabad-e Kukav	Howmeh-ye Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fifty Road Cascade is a 10 metre high talus ribbon cascade waterfall found at the Vinemount Conservation Area in Stoney Creek, Hamilton, Ontario, Canada.	Fifty Road Cascade	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	John Sealy Hospital is a hospital that is a part of the University of Texas Medical Branch complex in Galveston, Texas, United States.	John Sealy Hospital	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Będlino (bɛnˈdlinɔ) (German: Neuhof) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzchowo, within Drawsko County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Będlino	Gmina Wierzchowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nordkapp (English: North Cape; Northern Sami: Davvinjárga or Nordkáhppa; Kven: Kappa or Nordkappa) is a municipality in Finnmark county, Norway.	Nordkapp	Finnmark
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bujakovina (Serbian Cyrillic: Бујаковина) is a village in the municipality of Foča, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Bujakovina	Foča
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sargul-e Namak (Persian: سرگول نمك‎‎, also Romanized as Sargūl-e Namaḵ) is a village in Beyranvand-e Jonubi Rural District, Bayravand District, Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Sargul-e Namak	Beyranvand-e Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jachimowice (jaximɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Samborzec, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Jachimowice	Gmina Samborzec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Heydar Kar (Persian: حيدركر‎, also Romanized as Ḩeydar Kar) is a village in Azna Rural District, in the Central District of Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Heydar Kar	Azna Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Juryszewo (jurɨˈʂɛvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radzanowo, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Juryszewo	Gmina Radzanowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zamin Murat (Persian: زمين مورت‎, also Romanized as Zamīn Mūrat) is a village in Gavkan Rural District, in the Central District of Rigan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Zamin Murat	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eliot Congregational Church (``Walnut Avenue Congregational Church'' or ``Eliot United Church of Christ'') is an historic Congregational church at 56 Dale Street, at the corner of 118-120 Walnut Street in Boston, Massachusetts.	Eliot Congregational Church	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	HSU First Street Gallery is a contemporary, fine arts gallery located in the E. Janssen Building at 422 1st Street in the historic Old Town district of Eureka, California.	HSU First Street Gallery	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Condobolin Airport (IATA: CBX, ICAO: YCDO) is a small registered aerodrome located 3.5 nautical miles (6.5 km; 4.0 mi) northeast of Condobolin, New South Wales, Australia.	Condobolin Airport	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Prestonwood Christian Academy (PCA) is a private PreK - 12 Christian school in Plano, Texas.	Prestonwood Christian Academy	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Berenjaq (Persian: برنجق‎) is a village in Tirchai Rural District, Kandovan District, Meyaneh County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Berenjaq	Tirchai Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mineral Springs High School is a comprehensive public high school in Mineral Springs, Arkansas, United States that serves grades 7 through 12.	Mineral Springs High School	Arkansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Santa Maria della Salute (English: Saint Mary of Health), commonly known simply as the Salute, is a Roman Catholic church and minor basilica located at Punta della Dogana in the Dorsoduro sestiere of the city of Venice, Italy.	Santa Maria della Salute	Venice
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Case Estates is a botanical garden located at 135 Wellesley Street, Weston, Massachusetts.	Case Estates	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bulalu (Persian: بولالو‎, also Romanized as Būlālū) is a village in Dizajrud-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Ajab Shir County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Bulalu	East Azerbaijan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The O'Brien Observatory (OBO) is an astronomical observatory located in the city of Marine on St. Croix, Minnesota (USA), about 35 kilometers (22 mi) northeast of Minneapolis.	O'Brien Observatory	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	East Gloucester Square Historic District is a historic district encapsulating the evolutionary history of the active maritime community of Gloucester, Massachusetts, over a period of more than 200 years.	East Gloucester Square Historic District	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bloomington GO Station is a proposed train and bus station in the GO Transit network to be located in the extreme northeast corner of Richmond Hill, Ontario, Canada, serving Oak Ridges and the town of Whitchurch--	Bloomington GO Station	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yampi (Persian: يامپي‎, also Romanized as Yāmpī; also known as Yāmchī) is a village in Gorganbuy Rural District, in the Central District of Aqqala County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Yampi	Gorganbuy Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bolgheri is located in the comune of Castagneto Carducci, a few kilometers north-west of the chief town and lies in the Province of Livorno in Italy, on the foothills of the Colline Metallifere, south of Bibbona.	Bolgheri	Castagneto Carducci	Province of Livorno
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shahmirzad District (Persian: بخش شهمیرزاد‎) is a district (bakhsh) in Mehdishahr County, Semnan Province, Iran.	Shahmirzad District	Mehdishahr County
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Toronto City Hall, or New City Hall, is the seat of the municipal government of Toronto, Ontario, Canada, and one of the city's most distinctive landmarks.	Toronto City Hall	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Commins Coch is a small settlement of about half a dozen dwellings in Denbighshire, Wales.	Commins	Denbighshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sečovlje (Italian: Sicciole) is a settlement in the municipality of Piran in the Littoral region of Slovenia.	Sečovlje	Piran
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nowmaleh-ye Sofla (Persian: نوماله سفلي‎‎, also Romanized as Nowmāleh-ye Soflá; also known as Nīm Allāh, Noh Māleh, and Now Māleh) is a village in Qaedrahmat Rural District, Zagheh District, Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Nowmaleh-ye Sofla	Qaedrahmat Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Leniewo (lɛˈɲɛvɔ) (Ukrainian: Ленево, Lenevo) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czyże, within Hajnówka County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Leniewo	Gmina Czyże
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nawty (ˈnaftɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Godkowo, within Elbląg County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Nawty	Gmina Godkowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Charleston Historic District, alternatively known as Charleston Old and Historic District, is a National Historic Landmark District in Charleston, South Carolina.	Charleston Historic District	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grace Church School is a private school whose original building is located at 86 Fourth Avenue between East 10th and East 12th Streets in the East Village neighborhood of the borough of Manhattan in New York City.	Grace Church School	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cahaba River National Wildlife Refuge is a 3,577 acre (14.4 km²) National Wildlife Refuge located in central Alabama, along the Cahaba River downstream from Birmingham, Alabama.	Cahaba River National Wildlife Refuge	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Table Mountain Observatory (TMO) is an astronomical observation facility operated by NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory (California Institute of Technology).	Table Mountain Observatory	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lęgniszewo (lɛnɡniˈʂɛvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołańcz, within Wągrowiec County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Lęgniszewo	Gmina Gołańcz
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Malpasset Dam was an arch dam on the Reyran River, located approximately 7 km north of Fréjus on the French Riviera (Côte d'Azur), southern France, in the Var département.	Malpasset Dam	Fréjus
located in the administrative territorial entity	Plushabridge is a hamlet in the parish of Linkinhorne in east Cornwall, England, UK.	Plushabridge	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	The building at 359 Broadway between Leonard and Franklin Streets in the Tribeca neighborhood of Manhattan, New York City was built in 1852 and was designed by the firm of Field & Correja in the Italianate style.	359 Broadway	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Juravinski Hospital is a hospital in Hamilton, Ontario, Canada operated by Hamilton Health Sciences.	Juravinski Hospital	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zhiryan (Persian: ژيريان‎‎, also Romanized as Zhīryān, Zhīrayān, Zhīrīān, Zhīzīān, Zīrīān, and Zīryān; also known as Jīrīān Gargar) is a village in Firuzabad Rural District, Firuzabad District, Selseleh County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Zhiryan	Firuzabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eastbank Academy is a Scottish secondary school in the suburb of Shettleston in Glasgow.	Eastbank Academy	Glasgow
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dulkhan (Persian: دولخان‎, also Romanized as Dūlkhān) is a village in Bizaki Rural District, Golbajar District, Chenaran County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Dulkhan	Bizaki Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	John and Louise Seier National Wildlife Refuge is located in the U.S. state of Nebraska and includes 2,400 acres (9.71 km2).	John and Louise Seier National Wildlife Refuge	Nebraska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sadereh (Persian: صادره‎, also Romanized as Şādereh; also known as Sādara) is a village in Mohr Rural District, in the Central District of Mohr County, Fars Province, Iran.	Sadereh	Mohr Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Peninsula Barracks are a group of military buildings in Winchester, Hampshire.	Peninsula Barracks	Winchester
located in the administrative territorial entity	The West Dummerston Covered Bridge is a historic covered bridge spanning the West River in Dummerston, Vermont, between Vermont Route 30 and Camp Arden Road.	West Dummerston Covered Bridge	Dummerston, Vermont
located in the administrative territorial entity	KMFY is a radio station from Grand Rapids, Minnesota, available at 96.9 FM.	KMFY	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Arctic Building is a nine-story building in Seattle, Washington located at the Northeast corner of Third Avenue and Cherry Street.	Arctic Building	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chah-e Samangan (Persian: چاه صمنگان‎, also Romanized as Chāh-e Samangān) is a village in Dalfard Rural District, Sarduiyeh District, Jiroft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Chah-e Samangan	Sarduiyeh District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mashhad-e Miqan Rural District (Persian: دهستان مشهدميقان‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Arak County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Mashhad-e Miqan Rural District	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	KZOZ is a radio station located in San Luis Obispo, California, broadcasting on 93.3 FM.	KZOZ	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Leigh-on-Mendip or Leigh upon Mendip (on Ordnance Survey maps) is a small village on the Mendip Hills in Somerset, England.	Leigh-on-Mendip	Somerset
located in the administrative territorial entity	Columba Catholic College is a private, co-educational, Catholic, day and boarding school located in Charters Towers, Queensland, Australia.	Columba Catholic College	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Natural World Museum (NWM) was a mobile and global cultural institution based in San Francisco that presented art as a catalyst to inspire and engage people in environmental awareness and action.	Natural World Museum	San Francisco
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bengt Sjostrom Theatre (usually referred to as Starlight Theatre by local residents) is an outdoor community theater located on the Rock Valley College campus in Rockford, Illinois.	Bengt Sjostrom Theatre	Rockford
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nordiska högskolan för folkhälsovetenskap (NHV) is a shared Nordic educational institution in Gothenburg, Sweden, which educates health personnel on Master's and Doctorate level in addition to doing broader research work.	Nordiska högskolan för folkhälsovetenskap	Gothenburg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rudnik pri Moravčah (pronounced (ˈɾuːdnik pɾi mɔˈɾaːu̯tʃax)) is a settlement west of Moravče in central Slovenia.	Rudnik pri Moravčah	Moravče
located in the administrative territorial entity	Little Beard's Town, also known as Chenussio (in Seneca) and ``Genesee Castle'', was a powerful Seneca town in the Genesee River Valley near modern Leicester in Livingston County, New York, where Cuylerville stands today.	Little Beard's Town	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The John Sprunt Hill House is a historic house at 900 S. Duke street in Durham, North Carolina, in the Morehead Hill Historic District.	John Sprunt Hill House	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ames Field (FAA LID: 6FL8, formerly 8J2) is a private use airport in Levy County, Florida, United States.	Ames Field	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Perlé (Luxembourgish: Pärel, German: Perl) is a small town in the commune of Rambrouch, in western Luxembourg.	Perlé	Rambrouch
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kakachiya is a small village in the north east of Lunawada taluka in Panch Mahals District, Gujarat, India 8 km away from Lunawada Town.	Kakachiya	Gujarat
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brookfield Unitarian Church, Gorton, Manchester, is a Victorian Gothic church built between 1869--71.	Brookfield Unitarian Church	Manchester
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Winschoterdiep (Dutch pronunciation: (ˌʋɪnsxoːtərˈdip)) is a canal in the province Groningen of the Netherlands.	Winschoterdiep	Groningen
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tappan Bridge, also known as Kittle Bridge is a wooden covered bridge in the town of Hardenburgh in Ulster County, New York.	Tappan Bridge	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Until recently, the limestone building at 445 Smith Avenue North, St. Paul, Minnesota, United States, was known in surveys and local architectural history books as the Anthony Waldman House.	Anthony Waldman House	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ecclesfield is a village settlement and civil parish in the City of Sheffield in South Yorkshire, England, about 4 miles (6 km) north of Sheffield City Centre.	Ecclesfield	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Feyyeh-ye Shavardi (Persian: فيه شاوردي‎, also Romanized as Feyyeh-ye Shāvardī) is a village in Salami Rural District, Khanafereh District, Shadegan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Feyyeh-ye Shavardi	Khuzestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Densole is a small settlement in Kent located immediately north of Hawkinge on the A260 road between Folkestone and Barham.	Densole	Kent
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Blackfoot LDS Tabernacle, also known as the Blackfoot Tabernacle or South Blackfoot Stake Tabernacle is a building located in Blackfoot, Idaho that formerly served as a tabernacle for large gatherings of members of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church).	Blackfoot LDS Tabernacle	Idaho
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Richelieu River takes its source in Lake Champlain, from which it flows to the north in the province of Quebec, Canada and empties into the St. Lawrence river.	Richelieu River	Quebec
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Zurbrugg Mansion, which has also been known as The Columns, at 531 Delaware Avenue in Delanco Township, Burlington County, New Jersey, United States, was built in 1910.	Zurbrugg Mansion	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chah-e Noormohammad (Persian: چاه نورمحمد ‎) is a village in Cheshmeh Ziarat Rural District, in the Central District of Zahedan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Chah-e Noormohammad	Cheshmeh Ziarat Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	South Bar is a small community near Sydney, Nova Scotia.	South Bar	Nova Scotia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kłobuczyno (kwɔbuˈt͡ʂɨnɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kościerzyna, within Kościerzyna County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Kłobuczyno	Gmina Kościerzyna
located in the administrative territorial entity	Landsborough Highway is a western Queensland highway running in the northwest-southeast direction from Morven to Cloncurry.	Landsborough Highway	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mstowo (ˈmstɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chodecz, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Mstowo	Gmina Chodecz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Superior Zendo (LSV) is a Sōtō Zen Buddhist temple located in Marquette, Michigan.	Lake Superior Zendo	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Oostanaula River (pronounced ``oo-stuh-NA-luh'') is a principal tributary of the Coosa River, about 49 miles (79 km) long, in northwestern Georgia in the United States.	Oostanaula River	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Christ Hospital is a 555-bed, not-for-profit acute care facility in Cincinnati, Ohio, offering services in cardiovascular care, spine treatment, women's health, major surgery, cancer, behavioral medicine, orthopaedics, emergency care, kidney transplant and others.	The Christ Hospital	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Yukon Flats are a vast area of wetlands, forest, bog, and low-lying ground centered on the confluence of the Yukon River, Porcupine River, and Chandalar River in the central portion of the U.S. state of Alaska.	Yukon Flats	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Neatahwanta is located in and near the city of Fulton in Oswego County, New York.	Lake Neatahwanta	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Little Theatre of Alexandria is a prominent community theatre located at 600 Wolfe Street in Alexandria, Virginia.	Little Theatre of Alexandria	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Väsman is a lake in Ludvika Municipality in Dalarna County of Sweden, in the Norrström main basin.	Lake Väsman	Ludvika Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	The St. Nicholas III (Sponge Diving Boat) is a historic boat in Tarpon Springs, Florida.	St. Nicholas III (Sponge Diving Boat)	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kureh Darreh (Persian: كوره دره‎, also Romanized as Kūreh Darreh; also known as Khūreh Darreh and Kūrdarreh) is a village in Kumasi Rural District, in the Central District of Marivan County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Kureh Darreh	Kumasi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Tidewater Lock is a dam in Washington, D.C. to the west of the mouth of Rock Creek at the Potomac River, on the east side of Georgetown.	Tidewater Lock	Washington, D.C.
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pieniążkowo (pjɛɲɔ̃ʂˈkɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gniew, within Tczew County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Pieniążkowo	Gmina Gniew
located in the administrative territorial entity	Axmouth is a village and civil parish in the East Devon district of Devon, England, near the mouth of the River Axe.	Axmouth	Devon
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bazacle is a structure in and on the banks of the River Garonne in the French city of Toulouse.	Bazacle	Toulouse
located in the administrative territorial entity	Division Avenue High School is a four-year (grades 9-12) public high school located at 120 Division Avenue in Levittown, New York.	Division Avenue High School	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Auburn Button Works and Logan Silk Mills is a historic factory complex located at Auburn in Cayuga County, New York.	Auburn Button Works and Logan Silk Mills	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chamban (Persian: چم بن‎, also Romanized as Chambān and Cham Bon) is a village in Saroleh Rural District, Meydavud District, Bagh-e Malek County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Chamban	Saroleh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stafford Hall is an early 19th-century Federal-style mansion near Clear Spring in Washington County, Maryland, United States.	Stafford Hall	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dyminy-Granice (dɨˈminɨ ɡraˈnit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Morawica, within Kielce County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Dyminy-Granice	Gmina Morawica
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kalateh-ye Rezaiyeh (Persian: كلاته رضائيه‎, also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Rez̤āīyeh) is a village in Miyan Jovin Rural District, Helali District, Joghatai County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Kalateh-ye Rezaiyeh	Miyan Jovin Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Patli (Punjabi: ਪਤਲੀ ਸਰਦਾਰਾਂ ਵਾਲੀ) is a moderate sized village situated 7 km from Talwandi Bhai in Ferozepur district of Punjab, India.	Patli	Punjab
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Perry Farm is an intact, historic African-American farm complex in Riley Hill, North Carolina, a suburb of Raleigh.	Perry Farm	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cheshmeh Gasheh (Persian: چشمه گشه‎) is a village in Nurabad Rural District, in the Central District of Delfan County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Cheshmeh Gasheh	Nurabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wright's Stone Store is a historic store building located at Morristown in St. Lawrence County, New York.	Wright's Stone Store	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Figtree High School is a comprehensive public high school located on Gibsons Road in Figtree, a suburb of Wollongong, New South Wales, Australia.	Figtree High School	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Noosa River is a river situated in South East Queensland.	Noosa River	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Richmondshire is a local government district of North Yorkshire, England.	Richmondshire	North Yorkshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Olabisi Onabanjo University, Ago Iwoye is a state-owned and -operated university in Ago Iwoye, Ogun State, Nigeria.	Olabisi Onabanjo University	Ogun State
located in the administrative territorial entity	Frank G. Bonelli Regional Park is a synthetic (i.e., man-made) recreation park in San Dimas, California of Los Angeles County.	Frank G. Bonelli Regional Park	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Popowo-Południe (pɔˈpɔvɔ pɔˈwudɲe) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nasielsk, within Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Popowo-Południe	Gmina Nasielsk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Łankiejmy (wanˈkʲɛi̯mɨ) (German: Langheim) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korsze, within Kętrzyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Łankiejmy	Gmina Korsze
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Simon Fraser Bridge is a deck truss bridge on Highway 97, spanning the Fraser River in Prince George, British Columbia.	Simon Fraser Bridge	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The National Wine Centre of Australia (commonly the ``Wine Centre'') is a public exhibition building about winemaking and its industry in South Australia, opened in 2001.	National Wine Centre of Australia	South Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hoseyn Arbabi (Persian: حسين اربابي‎, also Romanized as Ḩoseyn Arbābī; also known as Deh-e Ḩoseyn Arbābī) is a village in Jahanabad Rural District, in the Central District of Hirmand County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Hoseyn Arbabi	Sistan and Baluchestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wola Nieszkowska (ˈvɔla ɲeʂˈkɔfska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bochnia, within Bochnia County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Wola Nieszkowska	Gmina Bochnia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Goleen (Irish: An Góilín) is a small rural village in County Cork on the south-western tip of Ireland.	Goleen	County Cork
located in the administrative territorial entity	Air Park South (FAA LID: 2K2) was a public use airport in Christian County, Missouri, United States.	Air Park South	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lunatarium was an art and music space located in a warehouse loft in DUMBO, a neighborhood in Brooklyn, New York City.	Lunatarium	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Winterbourne Bassett is a small village and civil parish in Wiltshire, England, about 6 miles (10 km) southwest of Swindon and 7 miles (11 km) northwest of Marlborough.	Winterbourne Bassett	Wiltshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Łebki Duże (ˈwɛpki ˈduʐɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grabowo, within Kolno County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Łebki Duże	Gmina Grabowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Public School No. 19, also known as St. Hedwig's High School, is a historic elementary school building located at Wilmington, New Castle County, Delaware.	Public School No. 19	Delaware
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Pacific Centre is a shopping mall located in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada, operated by Cadillac Fairview (CF) Corporation.	Pacific Centre	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Chimney Peak Wilderness is a 13,134-acre (53.15 km2) wilderness area located 20 miles (32 km) northwest of Ridgecrest, in southeastern Tulare County, California.	Chimney Peak Wilderness	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mountainside School District is a community public school district, that serves students in pre-Kindergarten through eighth grade in the borough of Mountainside, in Union County, New Jersey, United States.	Mountainside School District	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Jamestown Opera House is a historic government building and community center in the village of Jamestown, Ohio, United States.	Jamestown Opera House	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lopen is a village and civil parish in the South Somerset district of Somerset, England, situated 8 miles (12.9 km) west of Yeovil.	Lopen	Somerset
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hottwil was a municipality in the district of Brugg in canton of Aargau in Switzerland.	Hottwil	Aargau
located in the administrative territorial entity	Armuchee High School is a public high school serving grades 9-12 in Rome, Georgia.	Armuchee High School	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bardzinek (barˈd͡ʑinɛk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krośniewice, within Kutno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Bardzinek	Gmina Krośniewice
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Nicholas County Courthouse in Summersville, West Virginia is a Neoclassical Revival building, designed in 1895 and not completed until 1898.	Nicholas County Courthouse	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qugboxung (Chinese: 曲布雄乡) is a village and township of Samzhubzê District (Shigatse City), in the Tibet Autonomous Region of China.	Qugboxung	Samzhubzê District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Andrew Johnson Building is a high-rise office building in downtown Knoxville, Tennessee, United States.	Andrew Johnson Building	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kazan (Russian: Каза́нь; IPA: (kɐˈzanʲ); Tatar: Cyrillic Казан, Latin Qazan) is the capital and largest city of the Republic of Tatarstan, Russia.	Kazan	Republic of Tatarstan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mień (mjɛɲ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brańsk, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Mień	Gmina Brańsk
located in the administrative territorial entity	East Sheen, also known as Sheen, is a suburb of London, England in the London Borough of Richmond upon Thames.	East Sheen	London Borough of Richmond upon Thames
located in the administrative territorial entity	Omna District (Pashto: اومنه ولسوالۍ‎, Persian: ولسوالی اومنه‎) is a district of Paktika Province, Afghanistan.	Omna District	Paktika
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gurrajupeta is a village in Visakhapatnam district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.	Gurrajupeta	Andhra Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lewis Overthrust is a geologic thrust fault structure of the Rocky Mountains within Glacier National Park in Montana, United States and Waterton Lakes National Park in Alberta, Canada.	Lewis Overthrust	Montana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aqa Jakandi (Persian: اقاجكندي‎, also Romanized as Āqā Jakandī and Āqāj Kandī; also known as Āghāj Kandī and Āqāj Akanī) is a village in Malmir Rural District, Sarband District, Shazand County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Aqa Jakandi	Malmir Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bezq (Persian: بزق‎) is a village in Belharat Rural District, Miyan Jolgeh District, Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Bezq	Belharat Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kavilumpara is an agricultural village in northeastern Kozhikode district in Kerala.	Kavilumpara	Kozhikode district	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dedham Heath or The Heath is a hamlet in the parish of Dedham, Colchester District, in the English county of Essex.	Dedham Heath	Essex
located in the administrative territorial entity	Burton Salmon is a village and civil parish in the Selby district of North Yorkshire, England, close to the border with West Yorkshire, and approximately 3 miles (5 km) north from Knottingley, on the A162 road.	Burton Salmon	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Edmond Memorial High School is a public secondary school located in Edmond, Oklahoma, one of four high schools in the Edmond school district.	Edmond Memorial High School	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Atbatan (Persian: آتباتان‎, also Romanized as Ātbātān) is a village in Mehranrud-e Markazi Rural District, in the Central District of Bostanabad County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Atbatan	Mehranrud-e Markazi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brimsdown is a neighbourhood of eastern Enfield in the London Borough of Enfield, north London, on the west side of the mid-to-lower Lea Valley.	Brimsdown	London Borough of Enfield
located in the administrative territorial entity	Es Baluard (Catalan pronunciation: (əz βəɫuˈart)) is the museum of modern and contemporary art of Palma, Majorca, Spain.	Es Baluard	Palma
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Thayer Hotel is a 151-room ``Historic Hotel of America'' property located 50 miles north of New York City on the banks of the Hudson River at 674 Thayer Road in West Point, New York on the campus of the United States Military Academy.	Thayer Hotel	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pielaszkowice (pjɛlaʂkɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Udanin, within Środa Śląska County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Pielaszkowice	Gmina Udanin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Llafranc (Catalan pronunciation: (ʎəˈfɾaŋ)) is one of three coastal towns belonging to the municipality of Palafrugell, province of Girona, = Spain, the other two being Calella de Palafrugell and Tamariu.	Llafranc	Palafrugell
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Route nationale 14, N14, is a trunk road (nationale) in France between Paris and Rouen, running through Pontoise, Magny-en-Vexin, Saint-Clair-sur-Epte and Fleury-sur-Andelle.	Route nationale 14	Paris
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chateaugay Correctional Facility (ASACTC) was a medium-security prison and state alcohol and substance abuse Correctional Treatment Center in Franklin County, New York, USA.	Chateaugay Correctional Facility	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	WIUM (91.3 FM) is a 50,000-watt radio station licensed to Macomb, Illinois, in west-central Illinois.	WIUM	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Radlett railway station is in the Hertsmere district of Hertfordshire, England and lies on the Midland Main Line and is served by Thameslink trains on the cross-London Thameslink route.	Radlett railway station	Hertfordshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Elden Pueblo was a prehistoric Native American village located at the foot of Mount Elden near Flagstaff, Arizona.	Elden Pueblo	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Larimore City Hall is a building in Larimore, North Dakota that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.	Larimore City Hall	North Dakota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Whitecliff, is a small area of Parkstone in Poole, Dorset, England.	Whitecliff	Dorset
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kyleakin (/kaɪlˈɑːkɪn/; Scottish Gaelic: Caol Àcain) is a village situated on the east coast of the Isle of Skye in the Inner Hebrides, Scotland.	Kyleakin	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Woodville High School, is a secondary school in Woodville, a north western suburb of Adelaide, South Australia.	Woodville High School	South Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nijai is a small village in Barahiya block under Lakhisarai District in the Indian state of Bihar.	Nijai	Bihar
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dolní Počernice (german Unter Potschernitz) is a municipal district (městská část) and cadastral area (katastrální území) in Prague.	Dolní Počernice	Prague
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gardomino (ɡardɔˈminɔ) (German: Kardemin) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Płoty, within Gryfice County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Gardomino	Gmina Płoty
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fort Howard Veterans Hospital was a hospital in Fort Howard, Maryland, located at the end of North Point Road.	Fort Howard Veterans Hospital	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Carasco is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Genoa in the Italian region Liguria, located about 35 kilometres (22 mi) east of Genoa in the Val Fontanabuona.	Carasco	Province of Genoa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Conner Prairie is an interactive history park, or living history museum, in Fishers, Indiana, USA, that preserves the William Conner home, which is listed on the National Register of Historic Places, and recreates part of life in Indiana in the 19th century on the White River.	Conner Prairie	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pęcławice (pɛnt͡swaˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piątek, within Łęczyca County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Pęcławice	Gmina Piątek
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rue de Solférino is a street in the Left Bank area of Paris.	Rue de Solférino	Paris
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lincoln Branch Library is a former Carnegie library in the Lincoln Park neighborhood of Duluth, Minnesota, that is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.	Lincoln Branch Library	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qaleh-ye Nasrallah (Persian: قلعه نصراله‎, also Romanized as Qal``eh-ye Naṣrāllah) is a village in Mollasani Rural District, in the Central District of Bavi County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.	Qaleh-ye Nasrallah	Mollasani Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Beechworth Correctional Centre is a minimum security prison, located in Beechworth, Victoria, Australia.	Beechworth Correctional Centre	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Abadchi-ye Sofla (Persian: آبادچي سفلي‎, also Romanized as Ābādchī-ye Soflá; also known as Ābādchī-ye Pā’īn) is a village in Kabutarsorkh Rural District, in the Central District of Chadegan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Abadchi-ye Sofla	Kabutarsorkh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hunterdon Plateau is a plateau in western Hunterdon County, New Jersey.	Hunterdon Plateau	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stany Nowe (ˈstanɨ ˈnɔvɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Potok Wielki, within Janów Lubelski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Stany Nowe	Gmina Potok Wielki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Słup Pierwszy (ˈswup ˈpjɛrfʂɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Borowie, within Garwolin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Słup Pierwszy	Gmina Borowie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dobryń-Kolonia (ˈdɔbrɨɲ kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zalesie, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Dobryń-Kolonia	Gmina Zalesie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Valaparla is a village located west of National Highway 5 in Martur Mandal of Prakasam district in Andhra Pradesh, India.	Valaparla	Andhra Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Masjed Pish (Persian: مسجدپيش‎, also Romanized as Masjed Pīsh) is a village in Aliyan Rural District, Sardar-e Jangal District, Fuman County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Masjed Pish	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sertig Valley is located in the municipality of Davos, south of the town, in the Swiss canton of Graubünden.	Sertig	Graubünden
located in the administrative territorial entity	Established in fall 2000, the Universities at Shady Grove (USG) is a facility located in North Potomac, Maryland, United States (Rockville mailing address), that offers career-oriented higher education courses to residents of Montgomery County, Maryland and its surrounding region.	Universities at Shady Grove	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Beneduce Vineyards (pronounced /ˈbɛnəˈduːtʃiː/ BEN-a-DO-she) is a winery in the Pittstown section of Alexandria Township in Hunterdon County, New Jersey, United States.	Beneduce Vineyards	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ruoqiang Town (Chinese: 若羌; pinyin: Ruòqiāng; Uyghur: Qakilik or Charkliq) is a town in Ruoqiang County, Bayin'gholin Mongol Autonomous Prefecture in southeastern Xinjiang, People's Republic of China.	Ruoqiang Town	Ruoqiang County
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Callaghan Valley is located in the Sea to Sky Country of southwestern, British Columbia, in the Pacific Ranges of the Coast Mountains 90 km north of Vancouver.	Callaghan Valley	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Osseo Senior High School is a four-year public high school located in Osseo, Minnesota on 317 2nd Ave. NW.	Osseo Senior High School	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kleszczewko (klɛʂˈt͡ʂɛfkɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pszczółki, within Gdańsk County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Kleszczewko	Gmina Pszczółki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Acharya Institute of Technology, or AIT, is a private co-educational engineering and management college in Bangalore, India, affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University (VTU) and accredited by the National Board of Accreditation (NBA).	Acharya Institute of Technology	Bangalore
located in the administrative territorial entity	King Solomon's Dome, also called King Solomon Dome, is a 1,234-metre (4,049 ft) peak in the Yukon-Mackenzie Divide region of the Yukon Territory, Canada.	King Solomon's Dome	Yukon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ardcharnich (/ɑrdˈtʃɑrnɪx/; Scottish Gaelic: Àird Cheatharnaich) is a crofting township in the parish of Lochbroom, Wester Ross in the Highland, within the Scottish council area of Highland.	Ardcharnich	Highland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Riverview Health Centre is a community hospital in Winnipeg, Manitoba.	Riverview Health Centre	Manitoba
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pervijze (, , English Pervyse) is a small rural village in the Belgian province of West-Flanders, and a part (``Deelgemeente'') of the municipality of Diksmuide.	Pervijze	Diksmuide
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khesht-e Nadari (Persian: خشت نادري‎, also Romanized as Khesht-e Nādarī; also known as Khesht) is a village in Kabud Gonbad Rural District, in the Central District of Kalat County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Khesht-e Nadari	Kabud Gonbad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Eastbrook Baptist Church and Eastbrook Town House are a pair historic civic buildings on Maine State Route 200 (SR 200) in the center of Eastbrook, Maine.	Eastbrook Baptist Church and Eastbrook Town House	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shea Farm Halfway House is a state prison for women in New Hampshire, United States.	Shea Farm Halfway House	New Hampshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Belknap Mountain is a mountain located in Belknap County, New Hampshire, United States, south of Lake Winnipesaukee.	Belknap Mountain	New Hampshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Abbey of New Clairvaux is a rural Trappist monastery located in Northern California in the small town of Vina in Tehama County.	Abbey of New Clairvaux	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	WCJL (90.9 FM) is a Christian radio station licensed to Morgantown, Indiana, USA, the station serves the Bloomington IN area.	WCJL	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vaneh Rangineh (Persian: ونه رنگينه‎, also Romanized as Vaneh Rangīneh; also known as Vandeh Rangīneh) is a village in Sanjabi Rural District, Kuzaran District, Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Vaneh Rangineh	Sanjabi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stony Ridge Observatory is an astronomical observatory built by and for amateur astronomers in the mountains of Los Angeles County, California, in 1957.	Stony Ridge Observatory	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pishani-ye Kandeh (Persian: پيشاني كنده‎, also Romanized as Pīshānī-ye Kandeh) is a village in Gabrik Rural District, in the Central District of Jask County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Pishani-ye Kandeh	Gabrik Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Leesburg Army Airfield, was a World War II United States Army Air Forces airfield, located 4.3 miles (6.9 km) east-northeast of Leesburg, Florida.	Leesburg Army Airfield	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wodzisław County (Polish: powiat wodzisławski) is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Silesian Voivodeship, southern Poland, on the Czech border.	Wodzisław County	Silesian Voivodeship
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rudbaran (Persian: رودباران‎, also Romanized as Rūdbārān and Rood Baran; also known as Rūd Yārān) is a village in Amanabad Rural District, in the Central District of Arak County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Rudbaran	Amanabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Monte Creek is a rural locality on the South Thompson River east of Kamloops, British Columbia, Canada, approximately equidistant from Kamloops and the village of Chase, British Columbia.	Monte Creek	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chameh Ben (Persian: چمه بن‎; also known as Chaman Ben) is a village in Chelav Rural District, in the Central District of Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Chameh Ben	Mazandaran Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Butiaba is located on the eastern shores of Lake Albert, in Masindi District.	Butiaba	Masindi District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Rue de la Bourse is a street located mainly in the 2nd arrondissement of Lyon, and also in the 1st arrondissement.	Rue de la Bourse	2nd arrondissement of Lyon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kareh Rud Khan (Persian: كره رودخان‎, also Romanized as Kareh Rūd Khān) is a village in Otaqvar Rural District, Otaqvar District, Langarud County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Kareh Rud Khan	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Miłoszówka (miwɔˈʂufka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Józefów nad Wisłą, within Opole Lubelskie County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Miłoszówka	Gmina Józefów nad Wisłą
located in the administrative territorial entity	Izadkhvast Rural District (Persian: دهستان ايزدخواست‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Abadeh County, Fars Province, Iran.	Izadkhvast Rural District	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	WZWP is an American non-commercial FM radio station located in West Union, Ohio, and operates on the assigned frequency of 89.5 MHz. As of May 2012, WZWP is one of four stations that operate under the name of King of Kings Radio.	WZWP	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bashab (Persian: بشاب‎, also Romanized as Bashāb) is a village in Mulan Rural District, in the Central District of Kaleybar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Bashab	Mulan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mitchel Athletic Complex is part of the Mitchel Field complex, located in East Garden City, New York in the United States.	Mitchel Athletic Complex	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Neponset Valley Parkway is a historic parkway in southern Boston and Milton, Massachusetts, United States.	Neponset Valley Parkway	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Scott's Store is a historic commercial building located near Bridgeville, Sussex County, Delaware.	Scott's Store	Delaware
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Westville Dam is located on the Quinebaug River between Southbridge and Sturbridge, about 1.3 miles (2.1 km) west of the Southbridge town center and 18 miles (29 km) southwest of Worcester, Massachusetts.	Westville Dam	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Pork Peninsula is a cape located in Kivalliq Region, Nunavut, Canada.	Pork Peninsula	Nunavut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chay Talvar (Persian: چاي تلوار‎, also Romanized as Chāy Talvār) is a village in Kolah Boz-e Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Meyaneh County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Chay Talvar	Kolah Boz-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Peringolam(Malayalam: പെരിങ്ങൊളം) is a village in the west of Peruvayal panchayath in Kozhikode district, Kerala.	Peringolam	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bergen Community College is an accredited, co-educational, two-year, public community college located in Bergen County, New Jersey.	Bergen Community College	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alpavit (Persian: الپاويت‎, also Romanized as Ālpāvīt; also known as Ālpāvet) is a village in Bozkosh Rural District, in the Central District of Ahar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Alpavit	Bozkosh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wothersome is a civil parish in the City of Leeds metropolitan borough, West Yorkshire, England.	Wothersome	Leeds
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chenoise is a commune in the Seine-et-Marne department in the Île-de-France région in north-central France.	Chenoise	Seine-et-Marne
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cornelius O'Connor House near Homer, Nebraska, United States, was built in 1875.	Cornelius O'Connor House	Nebraska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lizan (Persian: ليزن‎, also Romanized as Līzan; also known as Lūzan) is a village in Hejdandasht Rural District, Salehabad District, Mehran County, Ilam Province, Iran.	Lizan	Hejdandasht Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Del City High School is the only public high school located in Del City, Oklahoma and one of three high schools in the Mid-Del School District.	Del City High School	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pradła (ˈpradwa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kroczyce, within Zawiercie County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Pradła	Gmina Kroczyce
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sans Souci Theatre was a 500-seat theatre located on Leicester Place, just off Leicester Square in the City of Westminster.	Sans Souci Theatre	City of Westminster
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bariz, Zahedan (Persian: باریز‎) is a village in Tamin Rural District, in the Corrin of Zahedan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Bariz, Zahedan	Tamin Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sorkheh Dezaj (Persian: سرخه دزج‎'' also known as Sūraza, Sūreh Dozdeh, Sūrehduzdeh, and Sūrzeh) is a village in Arandan Rural District, in the Central District of Sanandaj County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Sorkheh Dezaj	Arandan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Baba Meydan-e Sofla (Persian: باباميدان سفلي‎, also Romanized as Bābā Meydān-e Soflá; also known as Bābā Meydān and Bābā Meydān-e Pā’īn) is a village in Rostam-e Yek Rural District, in the Central District of Rostam County, Fars Province, Iran.	Baba Meydan-e Sofla	Rostam-e Yek Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tapa Parish (Estonian: Tapa vald) is a rural municipality in Lääne-Viru County in northern Estonia.	Tapa Parish	Lääne-Viru County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Ogden is a peak in Weber County, Utah, in the northern Wasatch Range.	Mount Ogden	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nidek (ˈnidɛk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wieprz, within Wadowice County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Nidek	Gmina Wieprz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wonder Mountain Wilderness is a designated wilderness area encompassing Wonder Mountain in the Olympic National Forest on the Olympic Peninsula of Washington in the United States.	Wonder Mountain Wilderness	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Goczałków (ɡɔˈt͡ʂau̯kuf) (German: Gutschdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzegom, within Świdnica County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Goczałków	Gmina Strzegom
located in the administrative territorial entity	Long Island Aquarium and Exhibition Center (formerly Atlantis Marine World) is an aquarium which opened in 2000 on Long Island in Riverhead, New York, United States.	Long Island Aquarium and Exhibition Center	Riverhead, New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Smólsko Duże (ˈsmulskɔ ˈduʐɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biłgoraj, within Biłgoraj County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Smólsko Duże	Gmina Biłgoraj
located in the administrative territorial entity	St Albans Abbey railway station in St Albans, Hertfordshire, England is about 0.6 miles (1 km) south of the city centre in the St Stephen's area.	St Albans Abbey railway station	Hertfordshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Turramurra is a suburb on the Upper North Shore of Sydney, in the state of New South Wales, Australia.	Turramurra	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Crescent Lodge, originally called Singer's Lake Crescent Tavern, is an historic resort situated on the shores of Lake Crescent west of Port Angeles, Washington.	Lake Crescent Lodge	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Westport Library is a public library in the town of Westport, Connecticut that was originally established on February 4, 1886 by members of the Westport Reading-Room and Library Association.	Westport Library	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brzóski-Markowizna (ˈbʐuski markɔˈvizna) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wysokie Mazowieckie, within Wysokie Mazowieckie County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Brzóski-Markowizna	Gmina Wysokie Mazowieckie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qara Khan Mahalleh (Persian: قراخان محله‎, also Romanized as Qarā Khān Maḩalleh; also known as Qarah Khān Maḩalleh) is a village in Chubar Rural District, Haviq District, Talesh County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Qara Khan Mahalleh	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pimelles is a small village nestled in the rolling hills of the French department of Yonne in north-central Burgundy.	Pimelles	Yonne
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sohray Cheghad (Persian: صحراي چغاد‎, also Romanized as Şoḩrāy Cheghād) is a village in Dasht Rural District, in the Central District of Shahreza County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Sohray Cheghad	Dasht Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shawangunk Correctional Facility is a maximum security prison for males located in the Town of Shawangunk, Ulster County, New York in the United States.	Shawangunk Correctional Facility	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Castles N' Coasters is an amusement park and family amusement center located in Phoenix, Arizona.	Castles N' Coasters	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Siegestor (English: Victory Gate) in Munich, is a three-arched triumphal arch crowned with a statue of Bavaria with a lion-quadriga.	Siegestor	Munich
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fort Churchill State Historic Park is a state park of Nevada, USA, preserving the remains of a United States Army fort and a waystation on the Pony Express and Central Overland Routes dating back to the 1860s.	Fort Churchill State Historic Park	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hounslow Green or Onslow Green is a hamlet on the B1008 road (historically the A130 road), located in between the villages of Barnston and Ford End, in the Uttlesford district, in the county of Essex, England.	Hounslow Green	Essex
located in the administrative territorial entity	Boczki-Świdrowo (ˈbɔt͡ʂki ɕfiˈdrɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grajewo, within Grajewo County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Boczki-Świdrowo	Gmina Grajewo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Naval Hospital Camp Lejeune is a United States Navy-run facility that is located on Marine Corps Base Camp Lejeune in North Carolina, which offers award-winning health care.	Naval Hospital Camp Lejeune	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hinchinbrook Island National Park is situated along the Cassowary Coast Queensland, Australia.	Hinchinbrook Island National Park	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Estadio Mundialista Luciana Aymar (named Estadio Mundialista de Hockey before December 2015), is a field hockey stadium in Rosario, Argentina.	Estadio Mundialista Luciana Aymar	Rosario
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hermann AVA is an American Viticultural Area located in Gasconade County, Missouri, and entirely contained within the larger Ozark Mountain AVA.	Hermann AVA	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	München Hauptbahnhof (German for Munich main railway station) is the main railway station in the city of Munich, Germany.	München Hauptbahnhof	Munich
located in the administrative territorial entity	Anniesland Court is a 24-storey residential tower block in the Anniesland area of Glasgow, Scotland, designed by J Holmes & Partners and completed in 1968.	Anniesland Court	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cherkasy Oblast (Ukrainian: Черкаська область, translit. Cherkas’ka oblast''; also referred to as Черкащина, Cherkashchyna) is an oblast (province) of central Ukraine located along the Dnieper River.	Cherkasy Oblast	Ukraine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sar Tali (Persian: سرتلي‎, also Romanized as Sar Talī) is a village in Howmeh-ye Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Ramhormoz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Sar Tali	Howmeh-ye Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	San Giacomo di Rialto is a church in the sestiere of San Polo, Venice, northern Italy.	San Giacomo di Rialto	Venice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lisakovsk is a city in Kostanay Region of northwestern Kazakhstan.	Lisakovsk	Kostanay Region
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bancoumana or Bankoumana is a small town and rural commune in the Cercle of Kati in the Koulikoro Region of south-western Mali.	Bancoumana	Koulikoro Region
located in the administrative territorial entity	JAARS' headquarters in North Carolina is commonly referred to as the ``JAARS Center.''	JAARS	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Borek Klimontowski (ˈbɔrɛk klimɔnˈtɔfski) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Klimontów, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Borek Klimontowski	Gmina Klimontów
located in the administrative territorial entity	KLZZ ``103.7 The Loon'' is a radio station in St. Cloud, Minnesota airing a classic rock format.	KLZZ	Minnesota
manufacturer	SS Lapland was a passenger ship built by the Harland & Wolff for the Red Star Line and launched on 27 June 1908.	SS Lapland	Harland & Wolff
member of political party	Zmitser Dashkevich (Belarusian: Зміцер Дашкевіч); born July 20, 1981 in Yelsk Raion, Homiel Voblast) is a Belarusian politician and one of the leaders of the unregistered youth opposition movement Young Front.	Zmitser Dashkevich	Young Front
member of sports team	Gerald Small (born August 10, 1956 in Washington, NC, died September 27, 2008 in Sacramento, California) is a former professional American football player who played cornerback for seven seasons for the Miami Dolphins and Atlanta Falcons.	Gerald Small	Miami Dolphins	Atlanta Falcons
member of sports team	Luis Pineda (born October 17, 1974) is a former Major League Baseball player who pitched for the Detroit Tigers and the Cincinnati Reds.	Luis Pineda	Detroit Tigers	Cincinnati Reds
member of sports team	Anders Zachariassen (born 4 September 1991) is a Danish handball player currently playing for German side SG Flensburg-Handewitt.	Anders Zachariassen	SG Flensburg-Handewitt
member of sports team	After his contract with the Galicians ended, Juanan joined another team in the third level, Real Madrid Castilla, appearing in 29 games (all starts) in his second year as the Real Madrid reserves fell short in the promotion playoffs.	Juanan	Real Madrid Castilla
member of sports team	Dave McConnell (born 25 March 1981 ) is an English born Scottish rugby league footballer for Leigh Centurions in National League One.	Dave McConnell	Leigh Centurions
member of sports team	Juan Alberto Estrada (28 October 1912 -- 28 May 1985) was an Argentine football goalkeeper who won two Copa América championships with the Argentina national team and two league titles with Boca Juniors.	Juan Alberto Estrada	Boca Juniors
member of sports team	Billy Joe DuPree (born March 7, 1950) is a former professional American football tight end in the National Football League who played his entire career (1973--1983) for the Dallas Cowboys.	Billy Joe DuPree	Dallas Cowboys
member of sports team	Marcel Titsch-Rivero (born 2 November 1989 in Frankfurt am Main) is a German footballer of Spanish origin, who plays for 1. FC Heidenheim.	Marcel Titsch-Rivero	1. FC Heidenheim
member of sports team	Fabio Hasa (born 12 August 1996 in Tiranë) is an Albanian professional footballer who currently plays as a defender for Partizani Tirana in the Albanian Superliga.	Fabio Hasa	Partizani Tirana
member of sports team	Miguel Ángel Mostto Fernández-Prada, or Miguel Mostto (born 11 January 1977 in Ica, Peru) is a Peruvian footballer who plays as striker for Alianza Lima in the Torneo Descentralizado.	Miguel Mostto	Alianza Lima
member of sports team	Dave Pszenyczny (pronounced ``pshuh-NITCH-nee'')(born February 18, 1985 in Royal Oak, Michigan) is an American professional ice hockey defenseman who currently plays for the Tulsa Oilers of the ECHL.	Dave Pszenyczny	Tulsa Oilers
member of sports team	Scott Schutt was a player in the National Football League for the Cincinnati Bengals in 1987 as a linebacker.	Scott Schutt	Cincinnati Bengals
member of sports team	Darren Croft (born 5 September 1981) is an Australian ice hockey player currently playing for the Melbourne Ice in the Australian Ice Hockey League.	Darren Croft	Melbourne Ice
member of sports team	George Conn was an American soccer player who spent twelve seasons with the Kearny Scots in the American Soccer League.	George Conn	Kearny Scots
member of sports team	Emmanuel Sunu Songo'o (born 17 March 1966), commonly known as Manu Sunu, is a Togolese former footballer who played as an attacking midfielder for ASKO Kara and Gomido and internationally for Togo.	Manu Sunu	ASKO Kara
member of sports team	Mahmout Najdi (born 1 January 1989 in Witten) is a Lebanese association football player who plays for Fortuna Düsseldorf II.	Mahmout Najdi	Fortuna Düsseldorf
member of sports team	Gene Schroeder was an American football wide receiver in the National Football League for the Chicago Bears.	Gene Schroeder	Chicago Bears
member of sports team	Aurélien Cologni (born 11 February 1978 in France) is a rugby league coach for the France national rugby league team and a former player for the Lezignan Sangliers club in France's Elite One Championship.	Aurélien Cologni	France national rugby league team
member of sports team	Vincent Duport (born 15 December 1987 in France) is a French professional rugby league footballer for Catalans Dragons in Super League.	Vincent Duport	Catalans Dragons
member of sports team	Pierre Serge Boisvert (born June 1, 1959) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey player for the Toronto Maple Leafs and Montreal Canadiens.	Serge Boisvert	Toronto Maple Leafs	Montreal Canadiens
member of sports team	Petr Johana (born 1 November 1976 in Most) is a Czech professional footballer who currently plays for FK Mladá Boleslav in Gambrinus liga.	Petr Johana	FK Mladá Boleslav
member of sports team	Maurice Barrett (born 1956) was a goaltender for the Quebec Remparts of the QMJHL, Nova Scotia Voyageurs of the AHL and the Springfield Indians.	Maurice Barrett	Springfield Indians
member of sports team	Umberto Scotti was a young striker born in Ticino Oriano January 27, 1885 was one of the first player to play for Italian side A.C. Milan he cut off his career short after a loss to Juventus F.C. .	Umberto Scotti	A.C. Milan
member of sports team	Michał Kopczyński is a Polish footballer who plays as a midfielder for Legia Warsaw in the Ekstraklasa.	Michał Kopczyński	Legia Warsaw
member of sports team	Abdelhamid Hergal also spelled Harguel, Hargel or Herguel (Arabic: عبد الحميد الهرقال ‎), born 27 January 1959 in Tunis, is a Tunisian footballer who played as a striker with team Stade Tunisien, Espérance Sportive de Tunis and Tunisia national football team.	Abdelhamid Hergal	Stade Tunisien	Espérance Sportive de Tunis
member of sports team	Frédéric Mendy (born November 6, 1981 in Dakar) is a Senegalese-French football midfielder who last played for French club Stade Lavallois.	Frédéric Mendy	Stade Lavallois
member of sports team	Sinan Uzun (born 25 January 1990 in Sinop) is a Turkish professional footballer who currently plays as a forward for Menemen Belediyespor on loan from Balıkesirspor.	Sinan Uzun	Menemen Belediyespor
member of sports team	Katrine Veje (born 19 June 1991) is a Danish football midfielder, currently playing for Brøndby IF of Denmark's Elitedivisionen.	Katrine Veje	Brøndby IF
member of sports team	Wayne Chrebet (born August 14, 1973) is a former American football wide receiver who played 11 seasons for the New York Jets of the National Football League from 1995 to 2005.	Wayne Chrebet	New York Jets
member of sports team	Vitalie Bordian (born 11 August 1984 in Chişinău) is a Moldovan football defender who plays for Moldova national football team and last played on the club level for FC Volga Nizhny Novgorod in the Russian Premier League.	Vitalie Bordian	FC Volga Nizhny Novgorod
member of sports team	Thabiso Maile (born 27 January 1987) is a Mosotho footballer who currently plays as a defender for Lerotholi Polytechnic.	Thabiso Maile	Lerotholi Polytechnic
member of sports team	Jessie Small (born November 30, 1966 in Boston, Georgia) is a former professional American football player who played linebacker for four seasons with the Philadelphia Eagles and the Phoenix Cardinals.	Jessie Small	Philadelphia Eagles
member of sports team	During 1999/2001, Rumen Galabov played for Bulgarian A Professional Football Group side PFC Beroe Stara Zagora.	Rumen Galabov	PFC Beroe Stara Zagora
member of sports team	Steven Moya (born September 8, 1991) is a Puerto Rican professional baseball right fielder for the Detroit Tigers of Major League Baseball (MLB).	Steven Moya	Detroit Tigers
member of sports team	Julio César Cáceres López (locally: (ˈxuljo ˈsesar ˈkaseɾes ˈlopes); born 5 October 1979 in San José de los Arroyos) is a Paraguayan football defender who currently plays for his native country side Club Guaraní.	Julio César Cáceres	Club Guaraní
member of sports team	In December 2012, Kornél Dávid became the president of the Hungarian club Alba Fehérvár.	Kornél Dávid	Alba Fehérvár
member of sports team	Deemed surplus to requirements by Villarreal boss Manuel Pellegrini, Josico joined Fenerbahçe S.K. on 28 August 2008, as the Süper Lig side was coached by former Spain manager Luis Aragonés.	Josico	Fenerbahçe S.K.
member of sports team	Alexander Yevseyenkov (sometimes listed as Alexandr Yevseyenkov) (born 2 October 1985) is a professional ice hockey player who is currently playing for HC Neftekhimik Nizhnekamsk in the Kontinental Hockey League (KHL).	Alexander Yevseyenkov	HC Neftekhimik Nizhnekamsk
member of sports team	The steady European interest in Kaká culminated in his signing with the European champions, Italian club A.C. Milan, in 2003 for a fee of €8.5 million, described in retrospect as ``peanuts'' by club owner Silvio Berlusconi.	Kaká	A.C. Milan
member of sports team	Stanley Gifford Nielsen (born October 25, 1954) is a former NFL quarterback who played for the Houston Oilers.	Gifford Nielsen	Houston Oilers
member of sports team	Renaud Guigue (born 14 August 1979 in France) is a rugby league player for Catalans Dragons in the European Super League competition.	Renaud Guigue	Catalans Dragons
member of sports team	Glenn Tobias Hysén (born 9 March 1982) is a Swedish footballer who plays for Allsvenskan club IFK Göteborg and the Swedish national team as a forward.	Tobias Hysén	IFK Göteborg
member of sports team	Ludovic Asuar (born 26 October 1976 in Marseille) is a French football player who last played for SO Cassis Carnoux, after spells for AC Ajaccio, Dijon FCO and CS Sedan Ardennes.	Ludovic Asuar	CS Sedan Ardennes
member of sports team	During his spell at PSV, Ronaldo attracted the attention of both Inter Milan and FC Barcelona.	Ronaldo	FC Barcelona
member of sports team	Hans Dorfner (born 3 July 1965) is a German former footballer who played for Bayern Munich and 1. FC Nürnberg as a midfielder.	Hans Dorfner	1. FC Nürnberg
member of sports team	Gareth Price has previously played for St. Helens and the London Broncos in the Super League.	Gareth Price	London Broncos
member of sports team	Raily Ignacio (born 4 June 1987) is a Curaçaoan international footballer, who currently plays as a striker for Rijnsburgse Boys in the Dutch Topklasse.	Raily Ignacio	Rijnsburgse Boys
member of sports team	Anthony Shavies (born September 9, 1983) is an American professional basketball player who plays for the UBC magnofit Güssing Knights of the Austrian Basketball League (ABL).	Anthony Shavies	UBC magnofit Güssing Knights
member of sports team	Volkan Arslan (born 29 August 1978) is a Turkish international footballer who last played as an attacking midfielder for Bozüyükspor.	Volkan Arslan	Bozüyükspor
member of sports team	Lauri Lahesalu (born 29 March 1979) is an Estonian professional ice hockey player currently playing for Ducs d'Angers of the Ligue Magnus in France.	Lauri Lahesalu	Ducs d'Angers
member of sports team	Tobias Sippel (born 22 March 1988 in Bad Dürkheim) is a German footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Borussia Mönchengladbach in the 1.	Tobias Sippel	Borussia Mönchengladbach
member of sports team	Steed Malbranque (born 6 January 1980) is a Belgian-born French footballer who plays for Olympique Lyonnais.	Steed Malbranque	Olympique Lyonnais
member of sports team	Skipper Badenhorst (born 1 December 1978 in Oudtshoorn, South Africa) is a rugby union player for the Central Cheetahs in the Super Rugby competition and Namibia.	Skipper Badenhorst	Central Cheetahs
member of sports team	Abdoul Kader Kobré is a Burkina Faso professional footballer, who plays as a goalkeeper for Majestic FC and the Burkina Faso national football team.	Abdoul Kader Kobré	Majestic FC
member of sports team	Hong Dong-hyun (Hangul: 홍동현; born 30 October 1991) is a South Korean footballer who plays as a midfielder for Busan IPark in K League Classic.	Hong Dong-hyun	Busan IPark
member of sports team	Sarit Shenar is an Israeli football midfielder, currently playing in the Israeli First League for ASA Tel Aviv University.	Sarit Shenar	ASA Tel Aviv University
member of sports team	Craig Holden (born 14 August 1957) is a former Australian rules footballer who played in the AFL for the Sydney Swans and North Melbourne Football Club and in the West Australian Football League (WAFL) playing for the Swan Districts Football Club.	Craig Holden	North Melbourne Football Club
member of sports team	Jason Oakes born 29 September 1977 in Shotley Bridge, County Durham, England was a rugby union player for Newcastle Falcons in the Guinness Premiership.	Jason Oakes	Newcastle Falcons
member of sports team	Leandro Camilo de Almeida (born on February 9, 1986) is a Brazilian footballer that currently plays for Boa Esporte Clube.	Leandro Camilo de Almeida	Boa Esporte Clube
member of sports team	Tomáš Brigant (born 11 October 1994 in Považská Bystrica) is a Slovak football player who currently plays for FC Zbrojovka Brno as a forward.	Tomáš Brigant	FC Zbrojovka Brno
member of sports team	Stan Andrews (April 17, 1917 in Lynn, Massachusetts -- June 10, 1995 in Bradenton, Florida) was an American baseball catcher who played from 1939 to 1945 for the Boston Bees, Brooklyn Dodgers and Philadelphia Phillies.	Stan Andrews	Philadelphia Phillies
member of sports team	Eduardo Arbide Allende (4 December 1900 - 13 November 1987) known in Spain as ``Arbide'', was an Argentine - Spanish footballer of Basque origin who played for Real Sociedad and the Spain national side.	Eduardo Arbide	Real Sociedad
member of sports team	Heinie Benkert was a professional American football player who played running back for four seasons for the New York Giants, Pottsville Maroons, and Orange/Newark Tornadoes.	Heinie Benkert	New York Giants
member of sports team	Casey Hampton, Jr. (born September 3, 1977), nicknamed ``Big Snack,'' is an American former football nose tackle who played twelve seasons for the Pittsburgh Steelers of the National Football League (NFL).	Casey Hampton	Pittsburgh Steelers
member of sports team	Miroslav Gálik (born 24 July 1990) is a Slovak footballer who currently plays for DOXXbet liga club FK Dukla Banská Bystrica as a right back.	Miroslav Gálik	FK Dukla Banská Bystrica
member of sports team	Saul Halpin (born 25 October 1991) is an English midfield footballer who currently plays for Hawke's Bay United after previous spells with Torquay United and Bideford.	Saul Halpin	Hawke's Bay United
member of sports team	Edward Mashinya (born February 22, 1984 in Harare, Zimbabwe) is a Zimbabwean football player who plays for Olympiakos Nicosia in the Cypriot Second Division as a striker.	Edward Mashinya	Olympiakos Nicosia
member of sports team	João Carlos Rocha Vicente (born 3 July 1984 in Lisbon, Portugal) is a Cape Verdean professional footballer who plays for U.D. Leiria as a left back.	João Carlos Rocha Vicente	U.D. Leiria
member of sports team	Róbert Litauszki (born 15 March 1990 in Budapest) is a Hungarian defender who currently plays for Újpest FC.	Róbert Litauszki	Újpest FC
member of sports team	Jaba Mujiri (Georgian: ჯაბა მუჯირი, born 7 June 1980 in Tbilisi) is a Georgian football player who most recently plays for Foolad F.C. in the Iran Pro League before being fired from team.	Jaba Mujiri	Foolad F.C.
member of sports team	Ezequiel Palomeque Mena (born 7 October 1992 in Quibdó) is a Colombian footballer (defender) who is currently playing for Cortuluá.	Ezequiel Palomeque	Cortuluá
member of sports team	The Tennessee Titans selected Rennie Curran with the 97th pick of the 2010 NFL Draft.	Rennie Curran	Tennessee Titans
member of sports team	Ambruse Vanzekin (born 14 July 1986) is a Nigerian football goalkeeper who currently plays for Warri Wolves F.C..	Ambruse Vanzekin	Warri Wolves F.C.
member of sports team	Marshall Harris is a retired professional American football player who played defensive lineman for four seasons for the Cleveland Browns and New England Patriots.	Marshall Harris	Cleveland Browns	New England Patriots
member of sports team	Carlos Bonet Cáceres (born 2 October 1977 in Asunción) is a Paraguayan footballer who plays as a right winger for Cerro Porteño in the Paraguayan Primera División.	Carlos Bonet	Cerro Porteño
member of sports team	Ken Nielsen (born May 10, 1942 in Hanna, Alberta) is a former wide receiver for the Winnipeg Blue Bombers from 1965 to 1970.	Ken Nielsen	Winnipeg Blue Bombers
member of sports team	Andrejs Rubins (born 26 November 1978 in Riga) is a Latvian former football midfielder, who last played for the Azerbaijan Premier League club Simurq PFC.	Andrejs Rubins	Simurq PFC
member of sports team	Aleksandar Kitić (born 26 August 1983) is a Bosnian footballer who plays for Ljungskile SK as a midfielder.	Aleksandar Kitić	Ljungskile SK
member of sports team	Mark Hooper was a professional footballer who played for Darlington F.C., Sheffield Wednesday F.C. and briefly with Rotherham United in a 16 year career which lasted from 1923 to 1939 although he appeared in 1945 in a few games after World War II .	Mark Hooper	Darlington F.C.
member of sports team	Brent Heaver (born 15 June 1971) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for Melbourne Football Club, Carlton Football Club and the Port Adelaide Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL) during the 1990s.	Brent Heaver	Carlton Football Club
member of sports team	Diogo José Teixeira da Silva (born 4 December 1996), known as Diogo Jota or simply Jota, is a Portuguese footballer who plays for F.C. Paços de Ferreira, as an attacking midfielder.	Diogo Jota	F.C. Paços de Ferreira
member of sports team	Doyle Orange (born August 6, 1951) is a former all-star running back in the CFL for the Toronto Argonauts.	Doyle Orange	Toronto Argonauts
member of sports team	Sutikno (born on March 23, 1985) is an Indonesian footballer that currently plays for Pusamania Borneo F.C..	Sutikno	Pusamania Borneo F.C.
member of sports team	Zdravko Mitev (Bulgarian: Здравко Митев), (born 20 October 1944) was a forward for PFC Cherno More Varna from 1965 to 1976.	Zdravko Mitev	PFC Cherno More Varna
member of sports team	Pablo Matera (born 18 July 1993) is an Argentine rugby union footballer who plays as a flanker for Leicester from England and the Pampas XV in the South African Vodacom Cup.	Pablo Matera	Pampas XV
member of sports team	Tim Harrysson (born February 10, 1992) is a Swedish professional ice hockey goaltender currently playing with Kumla HC of the Hockeyettan (Div.1) He previously played with Linköpings HC in the Elitserien during the 2010--11 Elitserien season.	Tim Harrysson	Linköpings HC
member of sports team	Diogo António Alberto (born 1 March 1989) is an Mozambican professional footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for Clube Ferroviário de Maputo.	Diogo António Alberto	Clube Ferroviário de Maputo
member of sports team	Josh Griffin (born 9 May 1990 in Oxford) is an English rugby league footballer who currently plays for Salford Red Devils in Super League.	Josh Griffin	Salford Red Devils
member of sports team	Later in the 2000 National AFL Draft Kayne Pettifer was selected by the Richmond Football Club at number 9 overall, which was unexpected for such a short forward.	Kayne Pettifer	Richmond Football Club
member of sports team	Joe Aska (born July 14, 1972 in Saint Croix, U.S. Virgin Islands) is a former American football running back who played for the Oakland Raiders and the Indianapolis Colts of the National Football League, as well as the New York/New Jersey Hitmen of the XFL.	Joe Aska	Oakland Raiders
member of sports team	José Antonio García Rabasco (born 29 September 1986), known as Verza, is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Levante UD as a central midfielder.	Verza	Levante UD
member of sports team	Silao Malo (born 30 December 1990) in Samoa is a footballer who plays as a midfielder for Lupe ole Soaga and Samoa.	Silao Malo	Lupe ole Soaga
member of sports team	Anthony Sauthier (born 5 February 1991 Switzerland) is a Swiss professional footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for Servette FC in the Swiss Challenge League.	Anthony Sauthier	Servette FC
member of sports team	Andrei Konev (born 26 January 1989 in Miass) is a professional ice hockey defenceman who currently plays for Admiral Vladivostok of the Kontinental Hockey League (KHL).	Andrei Konev	Admiral Vladivostok
member of sports team	Jérémy Bécasseau (18 July 1991) is a rugby union player for Worcester Warriors in the Aviva Premiership.	Jérémy Bécasseau	Worcester Warriors
member of sports team	Maxime Grésèque (born 18 March 1981) is a French professional rugby league footballer for AS Carcassonne of the Elite One Championship A France international representative goal-kicking scrum half or stand-off half, he played previously for SM Pia XIII and for Wakefield Trinity Wildcats of Super League.	Maxime Grésèque	Wakefield Trinity Wildcats
member of sports team	Matt Barron (born Durham) is Wales international rugby league player for the Gateshead Thunder in the National League One.	Matt Barron	Gateshead Thunder
member of sports team	Niko Gießelmann (born 26 September 1991) is a German footballer who plays as a left back for Greuther Fürth.	Niko Gießelmann	Greuther Fürth
member of sports team	Angelo King (born February 10, 1958) is a former professional American football linebacker, who played seven seasons in the National Football League for the Dallas Cowboys and Detroit Lions.	Angelo King	Dallas Cowboys	Detroit Lions
member of sports team	Ahmad Azlan Zainal (born 16 April 1986) is a Malaysian Footballer who is a defender for Kuala Lumpur FA in the Malaysia Super League.	Ahmad Azlan Zainal	Kuala Lumpur FA
member of sports team	Kasperi Kapanen (born July 23, 1996) is a Finnish ice hockey player and a prospect for the Toronto Maple Leafs of the National Hockey League (NHL).	Kasperi Kapanen	Toronto Maple Leafs
member of sports team	Jordan Perez (born 13 November 1986) is a Gibraltarian footballer who plays for St Joseph's F.C. and the Gibraltar national team, as a goalkeeper.	Jordan Perez	St Joseph's F.C.
member of sports team	Adelino André Vieira de Freitas (born 24 January 1986), known as Vieirinha, is a Portuguese footballer who plays for German club VfL Wolfsburg mainly as a winger but also as a right back.	Vieirinha	VfL Wolfsburg
member of sports team	Thanasis Karagounis (Greek: Θανάσης Καραγκούνης; born 25 September 1991) is a Greek footballer who plays for PEC Zwolle in the Dutch Eredivisie.	Thanasis Karagounis	PEC Zwolle
member of sports team	Neus Motoso Cifuentes (or Nieves Motoso) is a Spanish football striker, currently playing for Levante UD in Spain's Primera División.	Neus Motoso	Levante UD
member of sports team	Daniyar Akhmetov (born March 30, 1988) is a Kazakhstani professional ice hockey defenceman who currently playing for Arystan Temirtau in the Kazakhstan Hockey Championship league.	Daniyar Akhmetov	Arystan Temirtau
member of sports team	Kenneth Jerry Adair (December 17, 1936 -- May 31, 1987) was a professional baseball player for the Baltimore Orioles, Chicago White Sox, Boston Red Sox, and Kansas City Royals.	Jerry Adair	Baltimore Orioles	Chicago White Sox	Boston Red Sox
member of sports team	Lukáš Švrček (born 11 September 1990) is a professional Slovak footballer who currently plays for Fortuna Liga club MFK Skalica as a midfielder.	Lukáš Švrček	MFK Skalica
member of sports team	Vince Fawcett ( 13 November 1970 in Leeds) is an English professional rugby league footballer of the 1980s and '90s, playing at club level for Leeds, Workington Town, Parramatta Eels, Oldham Bears, Warrington Wolves, and Wakefield Trinity Wildcats, as a Wing, Centre.	Vince Fawcett	Workington Town	Warrington Wolves	Wakefield Trinity Wildcats
member of sports team	Dallas Keuchel (/ˈkaɪkəl/, KY-kəl; born January 1, 1988), nicknamed ``Kid Keuchy,'' is an American professional baseball pitcher for the Houston Astros of Major League Baseball (MLB).	Dallas Keuchel	Houston Astros
member of sports team	Sergio Postigo Redondo (born 4 November 1988) is a Spanish footballer who plays for Italian club Spezia Calcio as a central defender.	Sergio Postigo	Spezia Calcio
member of sports team	Bill Symons (born June 14, 1943 in Nucla, Colorado) is a former professional Canadian football running back with the Toronto Argonauts of the Canadian Football League.	Bill Symons	Toronto Argonauts
member of sports team	Omar Fernando Tobio (born October 18, 1989) is an Argentine football central defender currently playing for Boca Juniors.	Fernando Tobio	Boca Juniors
member of sports team	Colin Stevens (born June 30, 1993) is an American professional ice hockey goaltender prospect currently playing for the Manchester Monarchs in the ECHL as a prospect under contract with the Florida Panthers of the National Hockey League (NHL).	Colin Stevens	Florida Panthers
member of sports team	James Lamont Hall is a Teacher and former professional American football player who played tight end for six seasons for the Green Bay Packers and New Orleans Saints.	Lamont Hall	Green Bay Packers	New Orleans Saints
member of sports team	Jordan Burke is a rugby league footballer who played for the Warrington Wolves in the European Super League.	Jordan Burke	Warrington Wolves
member of sports team	Daniel Addoquaye Addo (born 23 April 1985 in Accra) is a Ghanaian football midfielder who played for Ashanti Gold SC.	Addoquaye Addo	Ashanti Gold SC
member of sports team	Ernesto Grillo (1 October 1929 -- 18 June 1998) was an Argentine football player who played for Independiente and Boca Juniors in Argentina, as well as AC Milan in Italy.	Ernesto Grillo	Boca Juniors
member of sports team	Thomas Beauregard (born February 9, 1986) is a Canadian right winger currently playing for the Tulsa Oilers of the Central Hockey League (CHL).	Thomas Beauregard	Tulsa Oilers
member of sports team	Frank Rigney (April 9, 1936 -- June 29, 2010) was an offensive tackle for the Winnipeg Blue Bombers in the Canadian Football League.	Frank Rigney	Winnipeg Blue Bombers
member of sports team	Aleksejs Šarando (born 1 January 1964) is a former football midfielder from Latvia, currently the assistant manager of Skonto FC-2 in the Latvian First League.	Aleksejs Šarando	Skonto FC
member of sports team	Dmytro Yarchuk (Ukrainian: Дмитро Вадимович Ярчук; born 23 March 1994 in Mykolaiv, Mykolaiv Oblast, Ukraine) is a professional Ukrainian football midfielder who played for TFF First League club 1461 Trabzon.	Dmytro Yarchuk	1461 Trabzon
member of sports team	Alessandro Budel (born 25 February 1981) is an Italian football (soccer) midfielder who currently plays for Brescia Calcio as a central midfielder.	Alessandro Budel	Brescia Calcio
member of sports team	Robert Schick (born 26 August 1993) is a German footballer who plays as a left-back for VfR Aalen.	Robert Schick	VfR Aalen
member of sports team	Brian Anunga Tah is a Cameroonian footballer who currently plays for Wilmington Hammerheads.	Brian Anunga	Wilmington Hammerheads
member of sports team	César Santin (Brazilian Portuguese: (ˈsɛzɐʁ sɐ̃ˈtʃĩⁿ); born 24 February 1981) is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a forward for Kalmar FF in Allsvenskan.	César Santin	Kalmar FF
member of sports team	Stefan Liv was a member of Lokomotiv Yaroslavl of the KHL when he died with the rest of the team in a plane crash.	Stefan Liv	Lokomotiv Yaroslavl
member of sports team	Dominik Sadzawicki (born 19 April 1994) is a Polish footballer who plays as a central defender for Górnik Zabrze.	Dominik Sadzawicki	Górnik Zabrze
member of sports team	Derrell Palmer (August 27, 1922 -- February 22, 2009) was an American football tackle who played eight seasons in the All-America Football Conference (AAFC) and in the National Football League (NFL), mainly with the Cleveland Browns.	Derrell Palmer	Cleveland Browns
member of sports team	Odis McKinney, Jr. (born May 19, 1957 in Detroit, Michigan) is a former American football cornerback in the National Football League for the New York Giants the Oakland/Los Angeles Raiders, and the Kansas City Chiefs.	Odis McKinney	New York Giants	Kansas City Chiefs
member of sports team	Kester Jacobs is a Guyanese international footballer who plays for Alpha United FC in the GFF National Super League, as a defender.	Kester Jacobs	Alpha United FC
member of sports team	Shane Madolora (born January 9, 1987) is an American ice hockey goaltender who is currently playing for the Diables Rouges de Briançon of the French Ligue Magnus.	Shane Madolora	Diables Rouges de Briançon
member of sports team	Giorgos Sielis (Greek: Γιώργος Σιέλης; born October 23, 1986) is a Cypriot football player who currently plays as a midfielder for Pafos FC.	Giorgos Sielis	Pafos FC
member of sports team	Cris Shale (born June 27, 1968) is a former American football player for Bowling Green University and the Washington Redskins.	Cris Shale	Washington Redskins
member of sports team	Ahmet Aras (born 13 December 1987) is a Turkish professional footballer who currently plays as an attacking midfielder for Şanlıurfaspor on loan from Antalyaspor.	Ahmet Aras	Şanlıurfaspor
member of sports team	Heorhiy Kopaliani (Ukrainian: Георгій Миколайович Копаліані; born 7 March 1994 in Kyiv, Ukraine) is a professional Ukrainian football goalkeeper who currently playing for FC Poltava in the Ukrainian First League.	Heorhiy Kopaliani	FC Poltava
member of sports team	Gustavo Adolfo Cabrera Marroquín (born 13 December 1979 in Santo Tomás, Guatemala) is a former Guatemalan football defender who last played for Deportivo Marquense in the Liga Nacional de Guatemala and was also a member of the Guatemala national team.	Gustavo Adolfo Cabrera	Deportivo Marquense
member of sports team	Anton Jongsma (born 13 January 1983 in Utrecht, Netherlands) is a Dutch-Curaçaoan footballer who currently plays for WKE in the Dutch Topklasse.	Anton Jongsma	WKE
member of sports team	Burim Kukeli (born 16 January 1984) is an Albanian footballer who plays as a midfielder for Swiss club FC Zürich and the Albania national team.	Burim Kukeli	FC Zürich
member of sports team	Sébastien Monier (born 15 June 1984 in Lomme) is a French-born footballer of Mauritian descent who currently plays for Royal Mouscron-Péruwelz in the Belgian Third Division.	Sébastien Monier	Royal Mouscron-Péruwelz
member of sports team	Born in Plataforma, a bairro of Salvador, the capital of Bahia, Zózimo played for Brazil's São Cristóvão, Bangu, Flamengo, Portuguesa and Esportiva de Guarantinguetá, as well as Peru's Sporting Cristal in Lima and El Salvador's Club Deportivo Águila in San Miguel.	Zózimo	Sporting Cristal
member of sports team	Tostão made his professional debuts aged only 15, for local América Futebol Clube (MG), returning after two years to Cruzeiro Esporte Clube, where he had started his youth career.	Tostão	América Futebol Clube
member of sports team	Paul Quaye (born 16 September 1995) is a Ghanaian footballer who plays for Spanish club Elche CF Ilicitano as a defensive midfielder.	Paul Quaye	Elche CF Ilicitano
member of sports team	Yiannis Pachipis (Greek: Γιάννης Παχίπης, born 3 February 1994) is a Cypriot footballer who plays for Olympiakos Nicosia as a winger.	Yiannis Pachipis	Olympiakos Nicosia
member of sports team	Peter Kunkel (born 10 February 1956) is a German former footballer who is now manager of Rot-Weiß Oberhausen.	Peter Kunkel	Rot-Weiß Oberhausen
member of sports team	Elwin Charles Roe (February 26, 1916 -- November 9, 2008), known as Preacher Roe, was a Major League Baseball pitcher for the St. Louis Cardinals (1938), Pittsburgh Pirates (1944--47), and Brooklyn Dodgers (1948--54).	Preacher Roe	St. Louis Cardinals	Pittsburgh Pirates
member of sports team	Bryan Namoff (born May 28, 1979 in Carson City, Nevada) is a retired American soccer player who last played for D.C. United in Major League Soccer.	Bryan Namoff	D.C. United
member of sports team	George Abramson (May 13, 1903 -- March 15, 1985) was a guard and a tackle in the National Football League who played for the Green Bay Packers.	George Abramson	Green Bay Packers
member of sports team	Larry Rayfield Wright (born August 23, 1945) is a former American football offensive tackle for the Dallas Cowboys of the National Football League and a member of the Pro Football Hall of Fame.	Rayfield Wright	Dallas Cowboys
member of sports team	Solomon Asante (born 6 March 1990 in Kumasi) is a Ghanaian professional footballer who plays for TP Mazembe as a winger.	Solomon Asante	TP Mazembe
member of sports team	Kirill Gromov (Russian: Кирилл Сергеевич Громов) is a Russian professional ice hockey defenceman who currently plays for Amur Khabarovsk of the Kontinental Hockey League (KHL).	Kirill Gromov	Amur Khabarovsk
member of sports team	Tyler Kalinoski (born December 19, 1992) is an American basketball player who plays for French club Élan Chalon.	Tyler Kalinoski	Élan Chalon
member of sports team	Ben Nutley (born 7 April 1992) is an English rugby union player for Premiership side Northampton Saints.	Ben Nutley	Northampton Saints
member of sports team	Brent Tuckey was drafted to the Collingwood Football Club in the 1996 National Draft as a 17-year-old, with pick 19.	Brent Tuckey	Collingwood Football Club
member of sports team	Eloy Edu Nkene (born 16 March 1985), simply known as Eloy, is an Equatoguinean footballer, who plays for Maltese Premier League club St. Andrews F.C. as a defender.	Eloy Edu	St. Andrews F.C.
member of sports team	Chris Ashwin born 19 November 1987 in England is a rugby union player who played for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership.	Chris Ashwin	Bristol Rugby
member of sports team	Petros Konnafis (born August 28, 1979 in Cyprus) was a Cypriot defender who played for Apollon Limassol.	Petros Konnafis	Apollon Limassol
member of sports team	Ashton Hewitt (born 20 November 1994) is a Welsh rugby union player who plays for Newport Gwent Dragons regional team as a wing having previously played for Cross Keys RFC and Newport RFC.	Ashton Hewitt	Newport Gwent Dragons
member of sports team	Islem Chikhi (born 18 May 1985 in Blida) is an Algerian professional footballer who currently plays as a forward for Algerian Ligue 2 club Olympique de Médéa.	Islem Chikhi	Olympique de Médéa
member of sports team	Marek Bartánus (born February 13, 1987) is a Slovak ice hockey player who is currently playing for the HC Slovan Bratislava in the Kontinental Hockey League.	Marek Bartánus	HC Slovan Bratislava
member of sports team	Sokoudjou began training for mixed martial arts after helping Dan Henderson train for an upcoming fight at Team Quest.	Sokoudjou	Team Quest
member of sports team	Doddy Édouard (born 17 June 1981) is a Mauritian footballer who currently plays as a striker for Faucon Flacq SC.	Doddy Édouard	Faucon Flacq SC
member of sports team	Tonny Brogaard (born 10 February 1984), formerly Tonny Nielsen, is a Danish football goalkeeper, who last played at Boldklubben Frem in the Danish 1st Division.	Tonny Brogaard	Boldklubben Frem
member of sports team	Achilleas Angelopoulos (Greek: Αχιλλέας Αγγελόπουλος; born 31 March 1977) is a Greek football midfielder who plays for Ethnikos Gazoros F.C. in the Greek Gamma Ethniki.	Achilleas Angelopoulos	Ethnikos Gazoros F.C.
member of sports team	Born in Ravenna, Romagna, Kadir Caidi started his professional career at Romagna club A.C. Cesena along with his brother Nebil.	Kadir Caidi	A.C. Cesena
member of sports team	Karl Alzner (born September 24, 1988) is a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman, currently playing for the Washington Capitals.	Karl Alzner	Washington Capitals
member of sports team	Roxey Fer (born 15 September 1994) is a Surinamese association footballer who currently plays for S.V. Robinhood in the SVB Hoofdklasse and for the Suriname national football team.	Roxey Fer	S.V. Robinhood
member of sports team	Vadim Kharchenko, (Russian Вадим Харченко), born on 28 May 1985, is a Kyrgyzstani footballer, who is a midfielder of FC Dordoi Bishkek.	Vadim Kharchenko	FC Dordoi Bishkek
member of sports team	Francesco Lovrić (born 5 October 1995) is an Austrian footballer who plays as a center back for VfB Stuttgart.	Francesco Lovrić	VfB Stuttgart
member of sports team	Edward J. Hughes (October 5, 1880 -- October 14, 1927) was an American Major League Baseball player for the Chicago White Sox (1902) and Boston Red Sox (1905--06).	Edward J. Hughes	Chicago White Sox
member of sports team	Henrik Pedersen (born 10 June 1975 in Kjellerup, Denmark) is a retired Danish footballer who played as a striker for Silkeborg IF, Bolton Wanderers F.C. and Hull City FC.	Henrik Pedersen	Silkeborg IF	Bolton Wanderers F.C.
member of sports team	Vadimas Petrenko (born 26 May 1974 in Klaipėda) is a Lithuanian professional footballer, playing for FBK Kaunas in the A Lyga.	Vadimas Petrenko	FBK Kaunas
member of sports team	Dmytro Oleksandrovych Voloshyn (Ukrainian: Дмитро Олександрович Волошин; born 29 April 1986) is a Ukrainian football defender currently playing for Veikkausliiga club IFK Mariehamn.	Dmytro Oleksandrovych Voloshyn	IFK Mariehamn
member of sports team	Oliver Hein (born 20 March 1990 in Straubing) is a professional German footballer who plays for SSV Jahn Regensburg in the Regionalliga Bayern.	Oliver Hein	SSV Jahn Regensburg
member of sports team	Enric Gensana Merola (3 June 1936 -- 28 September 2005) was an important man in FC Barcelona at the end of the fifties and beginning of the sixties.	Enric Gensana	FC Barcelona
member of sports team	Ernest Luckman (5 March 1926 - July 1988) birth registered in Pontefract district, was a professional rugby league footballer of the 1940s and '50s, playing at club level for Featherstone Rovers, and Wakefield Trinity (Heritage #566), as a Fullback, i.e. number 1.	Ernest Luckman	Featherstone Rovers
member of sports team	Jufain Al-Bishi (born 1 May 1987) is a Saudi Arabian footballer who plays for Al-Raed in the Saudi Premier League.	Jufain Al-Bishi	Al-Raed
member of sports team	Alison Henrique Mira most commonly known as Alison (born 1 December 1995 in Santa Cruz do Rio Pardo, Brazil) is a Brazilian football player who since 2015 has played forward for Shonan Bellmare in J. League Division 1.	Alison Henrique Mira	Shonan Bellmare
member of sports team	Marcel Cas (born 30 April 1972) is a Dutch former professional footballer and current fitness coach of Eredivise side Feyenoord.	Marcel Cas	Feyenoord
member of sports team	Hiroki Narabayashi (奈良林寛紀, born 14 January 1988) is a Japanese football player who plays for and captains Fujieda MYFC.	Hiroki Narabayashi	Fujieda MYFC
member of sports team	José Miguel Cabrera Torres (born April 18, 1983), commonly known as Miguel Cabrera and nicknamed ``Miggy'', is a Venezuelan professional baseball first baseman who plays for the Detroit Tigers of Major League Baseball (MLB).	Miguel Cabrera	Detroit Tigers
member of sports team	Juan Bernat Velasco (born 1 March 1993) is a Spanish footballer who plays for German club FC Bayern Munich mainly as a left back but also as a left winger.	Juan Bernat	FC Bayern Munich
member of sports team	Jason Maas (born November 19, 1975) is a former Canadian football quarterback and current head coach of the Edmonton Eskimos of the Canadian Football League.	Jason Maas	Edmonton Eskimos
member of sports team	Adalberto Peñaranda Maestre (born 31 May 1997) is a Venezuelan footballer who plays for Spanish club Granada CF on loan from Watford as a forward.	Adalberto Peñaranda	Granada CF
member of sports team	Toru Fukimbara, (冨金原徹, born 18 October 1982), is a Japanese futsal player who plays for Deução Kobe and the Japanese national futsal team.	Toru Fukimbara	Deução Kobe
member of sports team	Melvin Newbern (born June 11, 1967) is a former NBA player with the Detroit Pistons.	Melvin Newbern	Detroit Pistons
member of sports team	Kyriacos Chailis (Greek: Κυριάκος Χαιλής; born February 23, 1978 in Famagusta) is a Cypriot football striker who recently released from Chalkanoras Idaliou.	Kyriacos Chailis	Chalkanoras Idaliou
member of sports team	Julian Bousquet (born July 8, 1991) is a French professional rugby league footballer, currently playing for Catalans Dragons in the Super League and at international level for France.	Julian Bousquet	Catalans Dragons
member of sports team	Asqar Jadigerov (Born 5 January 1980 in Uzbek SSR, Soviet Union) is an Uzbekistani professional association football player who currently plays for FK Andijan.	Asqar Jadigerov	FK Andijan
member of sports team	Nicolás Caro (born 4 May 1995) is an Argentine professional footballer who plays as a defender for Estudiantes de Buenos Aires.	Nicolás Caro	Estudiantes de Buenos Aires
member of sports team	Aaron Power (born February 4, 1982) is a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman who is currently playing for the Las Vegas Wranglers in the ECHL.	Aaron Power	Las Vegas Wranglers
member of sports team	Hüseyin Tok (born 9 September 1988) is a Turkish professional footballer who currently plays as a center back for Balıkesirspor in the TFF First League.	Hüseyin Tok	Balıkesirspor
member of sports team	Ram Malik (born 10 March 1991) is an Indian professional footballer who plays as a winger for Mohun Bagan A.C. in the I-League.	Ram Malik	Mohun Bagan A.C.
member of sports team	Dontari Poe (born August 18, 1990) is an American football nose tackle for the Kansas City Chiefs of the National Football League (NFL).	Dontari Poe	Kansas City Chiefs
member of sports team	Ali Barkah (born July 30, 1988 in Banyumas Regency) is an Indonesian footballer that currently plays for Persela Lamongan in the Indonesia Super League.	Ali Barkah	Persela Lamongan
member of sports team	Faisel Masrahi (Arabic: فيصل مسرحي‎, born 24 January 1993) simply as Faisel Masrahi, he is a Saudi Arabian football player who currently plays as a Goalkeeper for Al-Qadisiyah FC.	Faisel Masrahi	Al-Qadisiyah FC
member of sports team	Víctor Mongil Adeva (born 21 July 1992 in Laguna de Duero, Province of Valladolid) is a Spanish footballer who plays for CD Alcoyano as a central defender.	Víctor Mongil	CD Alcoyano
member of sports team	Ken Dilger spent his first 7 NFL seasons as a tight end with the Indianapolis Colts (1995--2001) and his last three seasons with the Tampa Bay Buccaneers (2002--2004); winning Super Bowl XXXVII in his first year as a Buccaneer.	Ken Dilger	Indianapolis Colts	Tampa Bay Buccaneers
member of sports team	Otman Djellilahine (born February 12, 1987 in Carcassonne, France) is an Algerian footballer who plays for Algerian Ligue Professionnelle 1 side CS Constantine.	Otman Djellilahine	CS Constantine
member of sports team	Mohammed Ahmed Ali Boqshan or Mohammed Boqshan (born 10 March 1994) is a Yemeni association footballer who currently plays for Al-Tilal SC in the Yemeni League and the Yemen national football team.	Mohammed Boqshan	Al-Tilal SC
member of sports team	Michael Seth Maness (/ˈmeɪnɛs/ MAY-ness; born October 14, 1988) is an American professional baseball pitcher for the St. Louis Cardinals of Major League Baseball.	Seth Maness	St. Louis Cardinals
member of sports team	E. J. Whitley (born February 16, 1982 in Texas City, Texas) is a former American football center, who played in the National Football League for the Dallas Cowboys.	E. J. Whitley	Dallas Cowboys
member of sports team	Andrea Paroni (born 14 October 1989 in San Vito al Tagliamento) is an Italian footballer who currently plays as a goalkeeper for Virtus Entella in the Serie B.	Andrea Paroni	Virtus Entella
member of sports team	Romain Teulet (born February 5, 1978 in Bergerac, Dordogne) is a French rugby union player, currently playing for the Top 14 team Castres Olympique.	Romain Teulet	Castres Olympique
member of sports team	Colby Ward, born on January 2, 1964 in Lansing, Michigan, is a former professional baseball player, pitching for the Cleveland Indians in 1990.	Colby Ward	Cleveland Indians
member of sports team	Born in Torremolinos, Málaga, Josemi started his professional career at Málaga CF, arriving from local amateurs Torremolinos Club de Fútbol in 1998.	Josemi	Málaga CF
member of sports team	Simone Confalone is an Italian football (soccer) player who currently plays for S.P. La Fiorita in the Campionato Sammarinese di Calcio.	Simone Confalone	S.P. La Fiorita
member of sports team	LaVell Boyd played for the Cincinnati Bengals during the 2000 NFL season.	LaVell Boyd	Cincinnati Bengals
member of sports team	Patryk Wolski (born 12 April 1993) is a Polish footballer who plays as a forward for Lech Poznań in the Ekstraklasa.	Patryk Wolski	Lech Poznań
member of sports team	Caitlin Friend (born 11 October 1993) is an Australian football (soccer) striker who plays for Bulleen Lions.	Caitlin Friend	Bulleen Lions
member of sports team	Kiyan Soltanpour (Persian: کیان سلطانپور‎‎; born July 23, 1989) is an Azerbaijani-Iranian footballer who plays as a striker for Azerbaijan national football team and German football club BFC Viktoria 1889.	Kiyan Soltanpour	BFC Viktoria 1889
member of sports team	Anton Kinnander (born 23 February 1996) is a Swedish footballer who plays for Helsingborgs IF as a forward.	Anton Kinnander	Helsingborgs IF
member of sports team	Mithun Chowdhury Mithun (born 10 February 1989) is a Bangladeshi footballer who plays as a striker for Sheikh Russel KC and the Bangladesh national team.	Mithun Chowdhury	Sheikh Russel KC
member of sports team	Víctor Pastrana Carrasco (born 27 September 1996) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for AD Alcorcón as a winger.	Víctor Pastrana	AD Alcorcón
member of sports team	Antonio Jesús Regal Angulo, commonly known as Antoñito (born 24 December 1987), is a Spanish footballer who plays for Albacete Balompié as a midfielder.	Antonio Jesús Regal Angulo	Albacete Balompié
member of sports team	Anton Samba (born April 5, 1982) is an Indonesian footballer that currently plays for PSMS Medan in the Indonesia Super League.	Anton Samba	PSMS Medan
member of sports team	Niklas Weißenberger (born 13 May 1993) is German football defender who plays for the Würzburger Kickers.	Niklas Weißenberger	Würzburger Kickers
member of sports team	Eric Westmoreland (born March 11, 1977) is a former linebacker in the NFL who played from 2001--2004 for the Jacksonville Jaguars and Cleveland Browns.	Eric Westmoreland	Jacksonville Jaguars	Cleveland Browns
member of sports team	Peter Franquart (born January 4, 1985) is a French-born footballer who plays for Belgian club R.A.E.C. Mons.	Peter Franquart	R.A.E.C. Mons
member of sports team	Mladen Žižović (Serbian Cyrillic: Младен Жижовић; born December 27, 1980) is a Bosnian Serb footballer playing for FK Radnik Bijeljina in the Premier League of Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Mladen Žižović	FK Radnik Bijeljina
member of sports team	Alex Arancibia Chavez (born January 28, 1990 in Santa Cruz de la Sierra) commonly known as Arancibia, is a Bolivian professional footballer who currently plays for Liga de Futbol Profesional Boliviano Club Oriente Petrolero and Bolivia U-20.	Alex Arancibia	Oriente Petrolero
member of sports team	Per Hållberg (born March 24, 1978 in Örnsköldsvik, Sweden) is a Swedish professional ice hockey player currently playing for Växjö Lakers Hockey of the Elitserien (SEL).	Per Hållberg	Växjö Lakers
member of sports team	Amanda Edgren (born 24 August 1993) is a Swedish footballer who plays as a midfielder for the Swedish Damallsvenskan side Kristianstads DFF.	Amanda Edgren	Kristianstads DFF
member of sports team	Ricardo Jorge Guerreiro Felisberto (born 8 October 1983), known as Katchana, is a Portuguese footballer who plays for R.D. Águeda as a midfielder.	Katchana	R.D. Águeda
member of sports team	Greg Battle (born April 14, 1964) is a former Canadian Football League linebacker for the Winnipeg Blue Bombers.	Greg Battle	Winnipeg Blue Bombers
member of sports team	Michal Vičan (26 March 1925 in Hlohovec -- 27 January 1986 in Bratislava) is a former Slovak association football player and manager who led ŠK Slovan Bratislava to victory in the UEFA Cup Winners' Cup in the 1969 final against FC Barcelona.	Michal Vičan	ŠK Slovan Bratislava
member of sports team	Anthony Paulino (born 8 June 1994 in Lower Astumbo, Dededo) is a Guamanian international footballer, who currently plays for the Washington Huskies soccer team.	Anthony Paulino	Washington Huskies
member of sports team	Borna Rendulić (Croatian pronunciation: (bôːrna rěndulit͡ɕ), born 25 March 1992) is a Croatian professional ice hockey forward currently playing for the San Antonio Rampage of the American Hockey League (AHL) while under contract to the Colorado Avalanche of the National Hockey League (NHL).	Borna Rendulić	Colorado Avalanche
member of sports team	Chase Harrison (born April 2, 1984 in Huntington, West Virginia) is an American soccer player who most recently played for Philadelphia Union in Major League Soccer.	Chase Harrison	Philadelphia Union
member of sports team	Vladimír Dvořák (born April 18, 1985) is a Slovakian professional ice hockey defenceman who played with MHC Martin of the Slovak Extraliga from 2007 to 2010.	Vladimír Dvořák	MHC Martin
member of sports team	Bert Worsley (20 September 1911 - 21 June 1971) was a professional footballer who played as a right-winger for Leeds United and Fulham F.C..	Bert Worsley	Fulham F.C.
member of sports team	Joseph Lucien Guy Rousseau (born December 21, 1934) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey forward who played 4 games in the National Hockey League for the Montreal Canadiens.	Guy Rousseau	Montreal Canadiens
member of sports team	Fergus Watts (born 21 September 1985) is an English-born former professional Australian rules football player with the Australian Football League's (AFL) Adelaide Football Club and St Kilda Football Club.	Fergus Watts	St Kilda Football Club
mother	Tolui, (Classic Mongolian: ᠲᠥᠯᠦᠢ Toluy, Tului, Mongolian: Тулуй хаан, Chinese: 拖雷, Tolui Khan (meaning the Khan Tolui)) (1192--1232) was the fourth son of Genghis Khan by his chief khatun Börte.	Tolui	Börte
mouth of the watercourse	The Lucala River is a river in Angola, a right tributary of Angola's largest river, the Cuanza River.	Lucala River	Cuanza River
mouth of the watercourse	The Yèvre is a river in central France, right tributary of the river Cher.	Yèvre	Cher
mouth of the watercourse	The Cauquenes River is a tributary of the Perquilauquén River, and traverses Cauquenes Province, in the Maule Region of Chile.	Cauquenes River	Perquilauquén River
mouth of the watercourse	The Siede is a left-hand (northern) tributary of the Große Aue, about 22 kilometres (14 mi) long in north Germany.	Siede	Große Aue
mouth of the watercourse	The Echaz is a small river in Baden-Württemberg, Germany, a tributary of the Neckar.	Echaz	Neckar
mouth of the watercourse	The Klein Olifants, Steelpoort and Blyde Rivers are southern tributaries of the Olifants River, which enters the Kruger National Park and neighbouring private game reserves, eventually crossing the Mozambique border, where it flows into the Massingir Dam.	Blyde River	Olifants River
mouth of the watercourse	Originating in eastern Turkey, the Euphrates flows through Syria and Iraq to join the Tigris in the Shatt al-Arab, which empties into the Persian Gulf.	Euphrates	Shatt al-Arab
mouth of the watercourse	The Peribonka River (French: Rivière Péribonka) is a river in the Saguenay-Lac-Saint-Jean area in Quebec, Canada.	Peribonka River	Lac-Saint-Jean
mouth of the watercourse	The Dravinja (German: Drann) is the largest tributary of the Drava River in Slovenia.	Dravinja	Drava
mouth of the watercourse	The Sainte-Anne River is a tributary of the Saint Lawrence River in the province of Quebec, Canada.	Sainte-Anne River	Saint Lawrence River
mouth of the watercourse	The Perkerra River is a river in the Great Rift Valley in Kenya that feeds the freshwater Lake Baringo.	Perkerra River	Lake Baringo
mouth of the watercourse	Nimishillen Creek is a tributary of Sandy Creek, 24.5 miles (39.4 km) long, in northeastern Ohio in the United States.	Nimishillen Creek	Sandy Creek
mouth of the watercourse	The Lehbach, in its upper reaches also called the Spalbach, is a right-hand tributary of the River Ruwer in the county of Trier-Saarburg in the German state of Rhineland-Palatinate.	Lehbach	Ruwer
mouth of the watercourse	The Vinxtbach is a stream, a good 19 km long, which rises south-southwest of Schalkenbach-Obervinxt and east of the Adert and which discharges into the River Rhine near Rheineck Castle between Bad Breisig and Brohl-Lützing.	Vinxtbach	Rhine
mouth of the watercourse	The Haradnichanka river enters the Neman River near the Orthodox church of Sts.	Haradnichanka	Neman River
mouth of the watercourse	The Monkey River is one of six large watersheds in the 1 million acre (4,000 km2) Maya Mountain Marine Area Transect, which connects the Maya Mountains to the coastal waters of the Gulf of Honduras.	Monkey River	Gulf of Honduras
mouth of the watercourse	The Zwarte Water then flows north through Zwolle, bends to the northeast, takes in the Vecht near Hasselt and flows past the town of Zwartsluis to discharge itself in the Zwarte Meer (``Black Lake'', connected to the IJsselmeer lake) near Genemuiden.	Zwarte Water	Zwarte Meer
mouth of the watercourse	The Dudypta River (Russian: Дудыпта) is a river in Krasnoyarsk Krai in Russia, a right tributary of the Pyasina River.	Dudypta River	Pyasina River
mouth of the watercourse	The Saskatchewan River (Cree: kisiskāciwani-sīpiy, ``swift flowing river'') is a major river in Canada, about 550 kilometres (340 mi) long, flowing roughly eastward across Saskatchewan and Manitoba to empty into Lake Winnipeg.	Saskatchewan River	Lake Winnipeg
mouth of the watercourse	The Nahal Amud (Hebrew: נחל עמוד‎), also known as the Wadi Amud, is a stream in the Upper Galilee that spills into the Sea of Galilee.	Nahal Amud	Sea of Galilee
mouth of the watercourse	The Ping River (Thai: แม่น้ำปิง, rtgs: Maenam Ping, IPA: (mɛ̂ːnáːm piŋ)), along with the Nan River, is one of the two main contributaries of Chao Phraya River.	Ping River	Chao Phraya River
mouth of the watercourse	The Fuscher Ache is a right tributary of the River Salzach and rises near the Fuscher Törl at a height of about 2,500 metres above sea level in the Lower Pinzgau.	Fuscher Ache	Salzach
mouth of the watercourse	Bóbr (Czech: Bobr, German: Bober) is a river which runs through the north of the Czech Republic and the southwest of Poland, a left tributary of the Oder.	Bóbr	Oder
mouth of the watercourse	Moppy River rises in the Barrington Tops, on the eastern slopes of Mount Royal Range, south of Tunderbolts Lookout in the Barrington Tops National Park, and flows generally east before reaching its confluence with the Barrington River, near the village of Moppy.	Moppy River	Barrington River
mouth of the watercourse	The Enza is a river in northern Italy, a right affluence of the Po River.	Enza	Po
named after	The Beudeker Collection is a collection of maps and views of the Netherlands and Belgium in the British Library, created by the Dutch merchant Christoffel Beudeker (1675 or 1685 - 1756).	Beudeker Collection	Christoffel Beudeker
named after	Bismutite or bismuthite is a bismuth carbonate mineral with formula Bi2(CO3)O2 (bismuth subcarbonate).	Bismutite	bismuth
named after	In combinatorics, Vandermonde's identity, or Vandermonde's convolution, named after Alexandre-Théophile Vandermonde (1772), states that	Vandermonde's identity	Alexandre-Théophile Vandermonde
named after	Jim Webb Sings Jim Webb is the debut album by American singer-songwriter Jimmy Webb, released in 1968 on Epic Records.	Jim Webb Sings Jim Webb	Jimmy Webb
named after	The name Bihar is derived from the Sanskrit and Pali word, Vihara (Devanagari: विहार), which means ``abode''.	Bihar	Vihara
named after	The Petzval lens was developed in 1840 by Joseph Petzval.	Petzval lens	Joseph Petzval
named after	The specific name sahulensis is derived from the Sahul Shelf, located between northern Australia and southern New Guinea, where the Australian humpback dolphins occur.	Australian humpback dolphin	Sahul Shelf
named after	Knoppix was developed by, and named after, Linux consultant Klaus Knopper.	Knoppix	Klaus Knopper
named after	In 1741 Commander Vitus Bering, sailing in Svyatoy Pyotr (St. Peter) for the Russian Navy, was shipwrecked and died of scurvy on Bering Island, along with 28 of his men.	Bering Island	Vitus Bering
named after	In April 2008 it was named after Boris Yeltsin - Yeltsin Ural State Technical University.	Ural State Technical University	Boris Yeltsin
named after	Rutile derives its name from the Latin rutilus, red, in reference to the deep red color observed in some specimens when viewed by transmitted light.	Rutile	red
named after	In measure theory, the Lebesgue measure, named after French mathematician Henri Lebesgue, is the standard way of assigning a measure to subsets of n-dimensional Euclidean space.	Lebesgue measure	Henri Lebesgue
named after	The Curtius rearrangement (or Curtius reaction or Curtius degradation), first defined by Theodor Curtius in 1885, is the thermal decomposition of an acyl azide to an isocyanate with loss of nitrogen gas.	Curtius rearrangement	Theodor Curtius
named after	The Turner Prize, named after the English painter J. M. W. Turner, is an annual prize presented to a British visual artist under the age of 50.	Turner Prize	J. M. W. Turner
named after	In cryptography, a Feistel cipher is a symmetric structure used in the construction of block ciphers, named after the German-born physicist and cryptographer Horst Feistel who did pioneering research while working for IBM (USA); it is also commonly known as a Feistel network.	Feistel cipher	Horst Feistel
named after	The Theodor W. Adorno Award (Theodor-W.-Adorno-Preis) is a German award intended to recognize outstanding achievement in philosophy, theatre, music, and film.	Theodor W. Adorno Award	Theodor-W.-Adorno
named after	Parc Astérix is a theme amusement park in France, based on the stories of Asterix (by Albert Uderzo and René Goscinny).	Parc Astérix	Asterix
named after	\frac(F((\rm state2)))(F((\rm state1))) = e^(\frac(E_1 - E_2)(kT)) The Boltzmann distribution is named after Ludwig Boltzmann who first formulated it in 1868 during his studies of the statistical mechanics of gases in thermal equilibrium.	Boltzmann distribution	Ludwig Boltzmann
named after	Cuba has named a socialist order, the Order of Cienfuegos, after the freedom fighter and revolutionary Camilo Cienfuegos Gorriarán.	Order of Cienfuegos	Camilo Cienfuegos
named after	The Governor Roy J. Turner Turnpike is a toll road in central Oklahoma, connecting its two largest cities, Oklahoma City and Tulsa.	Turner Turnpike	Roy J. Turner
named after	The Heinrich-Böll-Preis is a literary prize of Germany, awarded by the City of Cologne in memory of Nobel Prize winner Heinrich Böll.	Heinrich-Böll-Preis	Heinrich Böll
named after	Founded in 2004, St. Theodore Guerin High School was named after Saint Mother Théodore Guérin.	St. Theodore Guerin High School	Théodore Guérin
named after	The southern part was named Nybrogatan after a bridge that was constructed over Nybroviken in the 17th century.	Nybrogatan	Nybroviken
named after	Fisheropone (named after Brian Fisher) is a genus of ants in the subfamily Ponerinae.	Fisheropone	Brian Fisher
named after	Lagrange brackets are certain expressions closely related to Poisson brackets that were introduced by Joseph Louis Lagrange in 1808--1810 for the purposes of mathematical formulation of classical mechanics, but unlike the Poisson brackets, have fallen out of use.	Lagrange bracket	Joseph Louis Lagrange
named after	Coesite was first synthesized by Loring Coes, Jr., a chemist at the Norton Company, in 1953.	Coesite	Loring Coes, Jr.
named after	Thermophoresis in liquid mixtures was first observed and reported by Carl Ludwig in 1856 and further understood by Charles Soret in 1879.	Thermophoresis	Charles Soret
named after	Turing's proof is a proof by Alan Turing, first published in January 1937 with the title On Computable Numbers, With an Application to the Entscheidungsproblem.	Turing's proof	Alan Turing
named after	Bb5 The Ruy Lopez is named after 16th-century Spanish priest Ruy López de Segura.	Ruy Lopez	Ruy López de Segura
narrative location	Young and Dangerous (Chinese: 古惑仔之人在江湖) is a 1996 Hong Kong crime film about a group of triad members, detailing their adventures and dangers in a Hong Kong Triad society.	Young and Dangerous	Hong Kong
native language	Paul Guimard (3 March 1921 -- 2 May 2004) was a French writer known for combining his passion for writing with his love of the sea.	Paul Guimard	French
parent taxon	The Campbell shag (Phalacrocorax campbelli), also known as the Campbell Island shag, is a species of bird in the Phalacrocoracidae family.	Campbell shag	Phalacrocorax
parent taxon	The bird genus Hirundo is a group of passerines in the family Hirundinidae (swallows and martins).	Hirundo	Hirundinidae
parent taxon	Pangio is a genus of freshwater fish in the loach family (Cobitidae).	Pangio	Cobitidae
parent taxon	The June sucker (Chasmistes liorus) is an endangered species of fish endemic to Utah Lake and the Provo River in the U.S. state of Utah.	June sucker	Chasmistes
parent taxon	Desert hedgehog (Paraechinus aethiopicus) Brandt's hedgehog (Paraechinus hypomelas) Indian hedgehog (Paraechinus micropus) Bare-bellied hedgehog (Paraechinus nudiventris)	Paraechinus	hedgehog
parent taxon	The Many-eyed snake-eel (Ophichthus polyophthalmus, also known as the Large-spotted snake eel, the Manyeyed worm eel, the Ocellated worm eel, or the Yellow-spotted snake eel) is an eel in the family Ophichthidae (worm/snake eels).	Many-eyed snake-eel	Ophichthus
parent taxon	Cochliomyia is a genus in the family Calliphoridae, known as blowflies, in the order Diptera.	Cochliomyia	Calliphoridae
parent taxon	The Hispaniolan green anole (Anolis chlorocyanus ) is a species of anole native to the island of Hispaniola.	Hispaniolan green anole	Anolis
parent taxon	The Chinese water snake, Chinese smooth water snake, Chinese mud snake or Chinese rice paddy snake (Enhydris chinensis or Myrrophis chinensis) is a species of mildly venomous, rear-fanged snake, endemic to Asia.	Chinese water snake	Enhydris	Myrrophis
parent taxon	The Harris's hawk (Parabuteo unicinctus) formerly known as the bay-winged hawk or dusky hawk, is a medium-large bird of prey that breeds from the southwestern United States south to Chile and central Argentina.	Harris's hawk	Parabuteo
parent taxon	Paramelia is a genus of leafhoppers belonging to the family Cicadellidae subfamily Deltocephalinae from the Malagasy region.	Paramelia	Deltocephalinae
parent taxon	The Madagascan fish eagle is a medium-sized sea eagle, 60--66 cm (24--26 in) long and with a wingspan of 165--180 cm (65--71 in).	Madagascan fish eagle	sea eagle
parent taxon	The Puerto Rican hutia (Isolobodon portoricensis) is an extinct species of rodent in the family Capromyidae.	Puerto Rican hutia	Isolobodon
parent taxon	Sordariomycetes is a class of fungi in the subdivision Pezizomycotina (Ascomycota), consisting of 15 orders, 64 families, 1119 genera, and 10564 species.	Sordariomycetes	Pezizomycotina
parent taxon	The Palawan toadlet or white-striped flathead toad (Pelophryne albotaeniata) is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae.	Palawan toadlet	Pelophryne
parent taxon	Petalostelma is a genus of flowering plants formerly belonging to the plant family Asclepiadaceae, now considered to be part of the Apocynaceae, first described as a genus in 1885.	Petalostelma	Apocynaceae
parent taxon	Pilina is an extinct genus of paleozoic monoplacophorans in the family Tryblidiidae.	Pilina	Tryblidiidae
parent taxon	Notocelia is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Olethreutinae of the family Tortricidae.	Notocelia	Tortricidae
parent taxon	Ceratotheca is a genus of plants in the Pedaliaceae family comprising about five species native to world-wide tropical areas and to southern Africa.	Ceratotheca	Pedaliaceae
parent taxon	Lepetidae is a family of sea snails or small, deep-water true limpets, marine gastropod molluscs in the clade Patellogastropoda the true limpets.	Lepetidae	Patellogastropoda
parent taxon	In 2002 Sinovenator was placed in the Troodontidae.	Sinovenator	Troodontidae
parent taxon	The Hatinh langur (Trachypithecus hatinhensis) is a highly threatened Old World monkey found in limestone forests in Vietnam, primarily in the Quảng Bình Province.	Hatinh langur	Trachypithecus
parent taxon	Inhambanella is a group of trees in the Sapotaceae described as a genus in 1915.	Inhambanella	Sapotaceae
parent taxon	Smaragdia is a genus of small sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Neritidae, the nerites.	Smaragdia	Neritidae
parent taxon	Metacyclops is a genus of copepod crustaceans in the family Cyclopidae, containing 73 species, of which three are listed on the IUCN Red List --	Metacyclops	Cyclopidae
parent taxon	Kirinia is a genus of butterfly of the Nymphalidae family found in Europe and Asia.	Kirinia	Nymphalidae
parent taxon	Pseudamblytelus orbicollis is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Pseudamblytelus.	Pseudamblytelus	Carabidae
parent taxon	Alexander's kusimanse (Crossarchus alexandri) is a genus of mongoose found in the Democratic Republic of Congo and Uganda.	Alexander's kusimanse	Crossarchus
parent taxon	The Uzungwe vlei rat (Otomys uzungwensis) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.	Uzungwe vlei rat	Otomys
parent taxon	The Andean mountain cavy (Microcavia niata) is a species of rodent in the family Caviidae.	Andean mountain cavy	Microcavia
parent taxon	The Toxoderidae are a family of mantises in the order Mantodea.	Toxoderidae	Mantodea
parent taxon	Bathydorididae is the only family in the superfamily Bathydoridoidea, within the clade Gnathodoridacea.	Bathydorididae	Bathydoridoidea
parent taxon	Isatis is a genus of about 30 species of flowering plants in the family Brassicaceae, native to the Mediterranean region east to central Asia.	Isatis	Brassicaceae
parent taxon	Phemeranthus (Fameflower) is a genus of flowering plants in the miner's lettuce family, Montiaceae, native to the Americas.	Phemeranthus	Montiaceae
parent taxon	Its circumscription is typically: order Plumbaginales family Plumbaginaceae Cronquist placed this order in his subclass Caryophyllidae of three orders.	Plumbaginales	Caryophyllidae
parent taxon	The Senegal flapshell turtle (Cyclanorbis senegalensis) is one of two species of softshell turtle in the genus Cyclanorbis of the Trionychidae family.	Senegal flapshell turtle	Cyclanorbis
parent taxon	The Enggano white-eye (Zosterops salvadorii) is a species of bird in the Zosteropidae family.	Enggano white-eye	Zosterops
parent taxon	The ABC Islands bears (Ursus arctos sitkensis) is a subspecies of brown bear that resides in Southeast Alaska and is found on Admiralty Island, Baranof Island, and Chichagof Island of Alaska.	ABC Islands bears	brown bear
parent taxon	Quetecsaurus was assigned to the Titanosauria, and considered to be most closely related to Mendozasaurus and Futalognkosaurus, members of Lognkosauria, based on the presence of these lateral laminae on its neural spines.	Quetecsaurus	Titanosauria
parent taxon	Tigrisoma is a genus of heron in the family Ardeidae.	Tigrisoma	Ardeidae
parent taxon	Some experts imply that Selenosteidae is paraphyletic, as the genus Rhinosteus is often depicted in arthrodire cladograms as being the sister taxon to the Dinichthyloidea taxa Dinichthys (ne ``Dinichthyidae''), Gorgonichthys, Heintzichthys, and Hadrosteidae.	Selenosteidae	Dinichthyloidea
parent taxon	The Japanese wobbegong, Orectolobus japonicus, is a carpet shark in the family Orectolobidae of the wobbegong family, found in the tropical western Pacific Ocean from Japan and Korea to Viet Nam and the Philippines, between latitudes 43 and 6°N. It reaches a length of 1 m.	Japanese wobbegong	Orectolobus
parent taxon	Xylergatoides asper is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Xylergatoides.	Xylergatoides	Cerambycidae
parent taxon	As mentioned under Auchenorrhyncha, some authors use the name Clypeorrhyncha as a replacement for the Cicadomorpha.	Cicadomorpha	Auchenorrhyncha
parent taxon	Librovitschiceras is a nautilid, subclass Nautiloidea, with a triangular cross section, included in the family Aipoceratidae.	Librovitschiceras	Aipoceratidae
parent taxon	Finsch's monitor (Varanus finschi ) is a species of monitor lizard found in New Guinea and Australia.	Finsch's monitor	monitor lizard
parent taxon	Amarotypus edwardsi is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Amarotypus.	Amarotypus	Carabidae
parent taxon	The Garo Hills caecilian, Ichthyophis garoensis, is a recently described species of caecilian found in Assam and Meghalaya in India.	Garo Hills caecilian	Ichthyophis
parent taxon	The Congo tetra (Phenacogrammus interruptus) is a species of fish in the African tetra family.	Congo tetra	Phenacogrammus
parent taxon	Humblot's heron (Ardea humbloti), also known as the Madagascar heron, is a species of heron.	Humblot's heron	Ardea
parent taxon	Macropelopia is a genus of European non-biting midges in the subfamily Tanypodinae of the bloodworm family (Chironomidae).	Macropelopia	Chironomidae
parent taxon	The Guadeloupe big brown bat (Eptesicus guadeloupensis) is a species of vesper bat.	Guadeloupe big brown bat	Eptesicus
parent taxon	Agrostistachys is a plant genus of the family Euphorbiaceae first described as a genus in 1850.	Agrostistachys	Euphorbiaceae
parent taxon	The Sunda long-eared bat (Nyctophilus heran) is a species of vesper bat.	Sunda long-eared bat	Nyctophilus
parent taxon	Litomiris is a genus of bug from Miridae family.	Litomiris	Miridae
parent taxon	Ameerega boliviana, formerly Epipedobates bolivianus, is a species of frog in the Dendrobatidae family endemic to Bolivia.	Ameerega boliviana	Epipedobates
parent taxon	Spermophora is a genus of cellar spiders classified under the subfamily Pholcinae, family Pholcidae.	Spermophora	Pholcidae
parent taxon	Knipowitschia cameliae, the Danube delta dwarf goby, is a species of goby known only from the brackish and fresh waters of a lagoon south of the Danube Delta in Romania.	Danube delta dwarf goby	Knipowitschia
parent taxon	Przewalski's gazelle (Procapra przewalskii) is a member of the family Bovidae and, in the wild, is found only in China.	Przewalski's gazelle	Procapra
parent taxon	Curiini is a tribe of beetles in the subfamily Cerambycinae, containing the single genus Curius and the following species:	Curiini	Cerambycinae
parent taxon	The Culion tree squirrel (Sundasciurus moellendorffi) is a species of rodent in the family Sciuridae.	Culion tree squirrel	Sundasciurus
parent taxon	The Cordillera central tree frog, Hyloscirtus larinopygion, is a species of frog in the Hylidae family found in Colombia and Ecuador.	Cordillera central tree frog	Hyloscirtus
parent taxon	The Marañón thrush (Turdus maranonicus) is a species of bird in the family Turdidae.	Marañón thrush	Turdus
parent taxon	Minuartia is a genus of flowering plants commonly known as ``sandworts'' in the carnation family Caryophyllaceae.	Minuartia	Caryophyllaceae
parent taxon	The Darling River hardyhead (Craterocephalus amniculus) is a species of fish in the Atherinidae family endemic to Australia.	Darling River hardyhead	Craterocephalus
parent taxon	Leptothrix is a genus of Gram-negative Comamonadaceae bacteria that occur in standing or slow-flowing, ferruginous, neutral to slightly acidic fresh waters with only low concentrations of organic matter.	Leptothrix	Comamonadaceae
parent taxon	Apiosporopsis is a genus of fungi within the Diaporthales order, class Sordariomycetes.	Apiosporopsis	Diaporthales
parent taxon	Yrias was a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family, it is now considered to be a synonym of Metria.	Yrias	Noctuidae
parent taxon	Alsophilinae is a subfamily of the moth family Geometridae, consisting of two genera, Alsophila and Inurois.	Alsophilinae	Geometridae
parent taxon	Jordaniella is a genus of very small sea snails, minute marine gastropod mollusks or micromollusks in the subfamily Odostomiinae of the Pyramidellidae.	Jordaniella	Pyramidellidae
parent taxon	Frodospira is an extinct genus of Lophospiridae, a family of extinct sea snails, fossil marine gastropod mollusks.	Frodospira	Lophospiridae
parent taxon	The Jefferson salamander (Ambystoma jeffersonianum) is a mole salamander native to the northeastern United States, southern and central Ontario, and southwestern Quebec.	Jefferson salamander	Ambystoma
parent taxon	Neoplagiaulacidae is a family of mammal within the extinct order Multituberculata.	Neoplagiaulacidae	Multituberculata
parent taxon	Lysorophia is an order of aquatic Carboniferous and Permian amphibians within the extinct subclass Lepospondyli.	Lysorophia	Lepospondyli
parent taxon	The Moluccan masked owl (Tyto sororcula), also known as the lesser masked owl, is a species of owl in the barn owl family.	Moluccan masked owl	Tyto
parent taxon	Dendrochirotacea is a sub-class of sea cucumber.	Dendrochirotacea	sea cucumber
parent taxon	The Caura antbird (Schistocichla caurensis) is a species of bird in the family Thamnophilidae.	Caura antbird	Schistocichla
parent taxon	Callionymus maculatus, the Spotted dragonet, is a species of dragonet native to the eastern Atlantic Ocean and the Mediterranean Sea where it occurs at depths of from 45 to 650 metres (148 to 2,133 ft).	Spotted dragonet	Callionymus
parent taxon	The Mérida flowerpiercer (Diglossa gloriosa) is a species of bird in the family Thraupidae.	Mérida flowerpiercer	Diglossa
parent taxon	The Dimorphocerataceae, Dimorphoceratoidea in more recent classifications, is one of seventeen superfamilies included in the ammonoid suborder Goniatitina, a variety of shelled cephalopods that lived during the late Paleozoic.	Dimorphocerataceae	Goniatitina
parent taxon	Lophogastrida is an order of malacostracan crustaceans in the superorder Peracarida, comprising shrimp-like animals that mostly inhabit the relatively deep pelagic waters of the oceans throughout the world.	Lophogastrida	Peracarida
parent taxon	African striped squirrels (genus Funisciurus), or rope squirrels, form a taxon of squirrels under the subfamily Xerinae and the tribe Protoxerini.	African striped squirrel	Protoxerini
parent taxon	The Salvin's curassow (Mitu salvini) is a species of bird in the Cracidae family.	Salvin's curassow	Mitu
parent taxon	The Gambian slit-faced bat (Nycteris gambiensis) is a species of bat in the family Nycteridae found in Benin, Burkina Faso, Cameroon, Ivory Coast, Gambia, Ghana, Guinea, Guinea-Bissau, Mali, Mauritania, Niger, Nigeria, Senegal, Sierra Leone, and Togo.	Gambian slit-faced bat	Nycteris
parent taxon	Chrysaora is a genus of the family Pelagiidae (Jellyfish).	Chrysaora	Pelagiidae
parent taxon	Hotson's jerboa or the Iranian jerboa (Allactaga hotsoni), is a species of rodent in the family Dipodidae.	Hotson's jerboa	Allactaga
parent taxon	The Aesculapian snake (now Zamenis longissimus, previously Elaphe longissima), is a species of nonvenomous snake native to Europe, a member of the Colubrinae subfamily of the family Colubridae.	Aesculapian snake	Zamenis
parent taxon	Carolinites is a genus of trilobite, assigned to the Telephinidae family, that occurs during the Lower and Middle Ordovician.	Carolinites	Telephinidae
parent taxon	Angusaurus is an extinct genus of trematosaurian temnospondyl within the family Trematosauridae of Russia.	Angusaurus	Trematosauridae
parent taxon	Sphecomyrminae is an extinct subfamily of ants in family Formicidae known from a series of Cretaceous fossils found in North America, Europe, and Asia.	Sphecomyrminae	Formicidae
parent taxon	Indoleptipsius ushae is a species of beetle in the family Monotomidae, the only species in the genus Indoleptipsius.	Indoleptipsius	Monotomidae
parent taxon	The Canary Islands chiffchaff (Phylloscopus canariensis) is a species of leaf warbler endemic to the Canary Islands, Spain.	Canary Islands chiffchaff	leaf warbler
parent taxon	The Bahama mockingbird (Mimus gundlachii) is a species of bird in the Mimidae family.	Bahama mockingbird	Mimus
parent taxon	The Coccocarpiaceae are a lichenized family of fungi in the order Peltigerales (suborder Collematineae).	Coccocarpiaceae	Peltigerales
parent taxon	Matsumurella is a genus of flowering plants in the family Lamiaceae, first described in 1915.	Matsumurella	Lamiaceae
parent taxon	Browneopsis is a genus of flowering plant in the legume family, Fabaceae.	Browneopsis	Fabaceae
parent taxon	Stephanolepis auratus (Castelnau, 1861) (Porky) Stephanolepis cirrhifer (Temminck & Schlegel, 1850) (Threadsail filefish) Stephanolepis diaspros Fraser-Brunner, 1940 (Reticulated leatherjacket) Stephanolepis hispidus (Linnaeus, 1766) (Planehead filefish) Stephanolepis setifer (E. T. Bennett, 1831) (Pygmy filefish)	Stephanolepis	filefish
parent taxon	The Patagonian tyrant (Colorhamphus parvirostris) is a species of bird in the Tyrannidae family, the only one in the genus Colorhamphus.	Patagonian tyrant	Colorhamphus
parent taxon	Comovirinae is a subfamily of viruses in the order Picornavirales, in the family Secoviridae; its genera were formerly classified in the family Comoviridae.	Comovirinae	Secoviridae
parent taxon	Hedeoma is a genus of flowering plants in the mint family, Lamiaceae.	Hedeoma	Lamiaceae
parent taxon	The Antillean ghost-faced bat (Mormoops blainvillei) is a species of bat in the family Mormoopidae.	Antillean ghost-faced bat	Mormoops
parent taxon	Copobathra is a genus of moths in the family Lyonetiidae.	Copobathra	Lyonetiidae
parent taxon	Cretomerobius is an extinct genus of lacewing in the neuropteran family Hemerobiidae known from fossils found in North America and Asia.	Cretomerobius	Hemerobiidae
parent taxon	Odontonema, the toothedthreads, is a genus of flowering plants in the bear's breeches family, Acanthaceae.	Odontonema	Acanthaceae
parent taxon	Halianthella is a small genus of sea anemones in the family Halcampidae.	Halianthella	Halcampidae
parent taxon	Acioa is a genus of plants in the Chrysobalanaceae family described as a genus in 1775.	Acioa	Chrysobalanaceae
parent taxon	The East African black mud turtle (Pan terrapin) (Pelusios subniger) is a species of turtles in the Pelomedusidae family, traditionally found in eastern and southeastern Africa, including Madagascar.	East African black mud turtle	Pelusios
parent taxon	Psocidae is a family of the insect order Psocoptera, the booklice.	Psocidae	Psocoptera
parent taxon	Proterocameroceras is an early Endocerid from the upper Lower Ordovician belong to the Proterocameroceratidae, characterized by a rather large, straight, longiconic shell, short chambers, generally straight sutures, and large ventral siphuncle with short septal necks, thick complex connecting rings, and endocones with three endosiphuncular blades toward the apex.	Proterocameroceras	Proterocameroceratidae
parent taxon	The Karoo rock elephant shrew or Karoo rock sengi (Elephantulus pilicaudus) is a type of shrew in the genus Elephantulus.	Karoo rock elephant shrew	Elephantulus
parent taxon	Ricinoides is an arthropod genus in the family Ricinoididae.	Ricinoides	Ricinoididae
parent taxon	Heuglin's gull or Siberian gull (Larus heuglini) is a seabird in the genus Larus.	Heuglin's gull	Larus
parent taxon	The Palawan shrew (Crocidura palawanensis) is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae.	Palawan shrew	Crocidura
parent taxon	Rhinolophus Bat coronavirus HKU2 (Chinese horsehoe bat virus) is a novel enveloped, single-stranded positive-sense RNA virus species in the Alphacoronavirus, or Group 1, genus with a corona-like morphology.	Rhinolophus Bat coronavirus HKU2	Alphacoronavirus
parent taxon	Mesocnemis is a genus of African damselflies in the white-legged damselfly family (Platycnemididae).	Mesocnemis	Platycnemididae
parent taxon	Virginia's warbler (Oreothlypis virginiae) is a species of New World warbler.	Virginia's warbler	Oreothlypis
parent taxon	Lithasia is a genus of medium-sized freshwater snails, aquatic gilled gastropod mollusks in the family Pleuroceridae.	Lithasia	Pleuroceridae
parent taxon	Gaylussacia is a genus of about fifty species of flowering plants in the family Ericaceae, native to the Americas, where they occur in eastern North America and in South America in the Andes and the mountains of southeastern Brazil (the majority of the known species).	Gaylussacia	Ericaceae
parent taxon	Stylaraea is a genus of marine stony corals in the family Poritidae.	Stylaraea	Poritidae
parent taxon	Gavialidae is a family of reptiles within the order Crocodilia.	Gavialidae	Crocodilia
parent taxon	Ohlendorffia is a genus of plants of the family Scrophulariaceae.	Ohlendorffia	Scrophulariaceae
parent taxon	The American white ibis (Eudocimus albus) is a species of bird in the ibis family, Threskiornithidae.	American white ibis	Eudocimus
parent taxon	Cleistanthus is a plant genus of the family Phyllanthaceae first described as a genus in 1848.	Cleistanthus	Phyllanthaceae
parent taxon	The Equine encephalosis virus (EEV) is a virus of the Orbivirus genus, and a member of the Reoviridae family, related to the African Horse Sickness Virus (AHSV) and the Blue Tongue Virus (BTV).	Equine encephalosis virus	Orbivirus
parent taxon	Acridotheres is a genus of starlings, the ``typical'' mynas, which are tropical members of the family Sturnidae.	Acridotheres	Sturnidae
parent taxon	The Butter Hamlet, Hypoplectrus unicolor is a hamlet from the Western Central Atlantic and is found in Florida, the Bahamas and throughout the Caribbean.	Hypoplectrus unicolor	Hamlet
parent taxon	Geosaurinae is one of two subfamilies of Metriorhynchidae, the other being Metriorhynchinae.	Geosaurinae	Metriorhynchidae
parent taxon	A cladistic analysis of Balaenidae places Balaenella as the sister taxon of the Bowhead Whale in a clade separate from right whales.	Balaenella	Balaenidae
parent taxon	The Japanese shrew mole or Himizu (ヒミズ) (Urotrichus talpoides) is a species of mammal in the family Talpidae.	Japanese shrew mole	Urotrichus
parent taxon	Coywolf (sometimes called woyote) is an informal term for a canid hybrid descended from coyotes and one of three other North American Canis species, the gray, eastern and red wolf.	Coywolf	Canis
parent taxon	Patiriella, commonly known as carpet sea star is a genus of sea stars of the family Asterinidae.	Patiriella	Asterinidae
parent taxon	As all of the other members of the family in which the plant is placed (Burmanniaceae) Gymnosiphon is entirely myco-heterotrophic genus that does not contain chlorophyll and respectively does not perform photosynthesis.	Gymnosiphon	Burmanniaceae
parent taxon	Euler's flycatcher (Lathrotriccus euleri) is a small passerine bird in the tyrant flycatcher family.	Euler's flycatcher	Lathrotriccus
parent taxon	Chresmoda is an extinct genus of insects within the family Chresmodidae.	Chresmoda	Chresmodidae
parent taxon	Shortridge's rock mouse (Petromyscus shortridgei) is a species of rodent in the family Nesomyidae.	Shortridge's rock mouse	Petromyscus
parent taxon	Crocus sieberi, Sieber's crocus, also referred to as the Cretan crocus or snow crocus (as is Crocus chrysanthus), is a plant of the Crocus genus in the Iridaceae family.	Crocus sieberi	crocus
parent taxon	Garlepp's mouse (Galenomys garleppi) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.	Garlepp's mouse	Galenomys
parent taxon	The Chiriqui brown mouse (Scotinomys xerampelinus), also known as the long-tailed singing mouse, is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.	Chiriqui brown mouse	Scotinomys
parent taxon	Gastrolactarius is a genus of gasteroid fungi in the family Russulaceae .	Gastrolactarius	Russulaceae
parent taxon	Orthurethra is a clade of air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the clade Stylommatophora.	Orthurethra	Stylommatophora
parent taxon	Dascyllus aruanus, known commonly as the Whitetail dascyllus or Humbug damselfish among other vernacular names, is a species of marine fish in the family Pomacentridae.	Whitetail dascyllus	Dascyllus
parent taxon	The Thailand roundleaf bat (Hipposideros halophyllus) is a species of bat in the family Hipposideridae.	Thailand roundleaf bat	Hipposideros
parent taxon	Pardaliparus is a genus of birds in the tit family that is recognized by some authorities, such as the Handbook of the Birds of the World's Internet Bird Collection (2004--2007).	Pardaliparus	tit
parent taxon	The Somali shrew (Crocidura somalica) is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae.	Somali shrew	Crocidura
parent taxon	Elasmucha is a genus of shield bugs belonging to the family Acanthosomatidae.	Elasmucha	Acanthosomatidae
parent taxon	The Cucurbitoideae are a subfamily of the Cucurbitaceae, or gourd family, of flowering plants.	Cucurbitoideae	Cucurbitaceae
parent taxon	Cassiope is a genus of 9-12 small shrubby species in the family Ericaceae.	Cassiope	Ericaceae
parent taxon	Stenogonum is a genus of plants in the family Polygonaceae with 2 species endemic to North America.	Stenogonum	Polygonaceae
parent taxon	Heterolamium is a genus of plants in the family Lamiaceae, first described in 1965.	Heterolamium	Lamiaceae
parent taxon	The Khanka spiny bitterling (Acanthorhodeus chankaensis) is a temperate freshwater fish belonging to the Acheilognathinae subfamily of the Cyprinidae family.	Khanka spiny bitterling	Acanthorhodeus
parent taxon	The Sado mole or Tokuda's mole (Mogera tokudae) is a species of mammal in the family Talpidae.	Sado mole	Mogera
parent taxon	Achoerodus viridis, the eastern blue groper, is a species of wrasse native to southeastern Australia from Hervey Bay in southern Queensland to Wilsons Promontory in Victoria.	Achoerodus viridis	blue groper
parent taxon	The Forster's tern (Sterna forsteri) is a member of the tern family, Sternidae.	Forster's tern	Sterna
parent taxon	Schlieffen's bat or Schlieffen's twilight bat (Nycticeinops schlieffeni) is a species of vesper bat found in Africa.	Schlieffen's bat	Nycticeinops
parent taxon	Euthychaeta is a genus of flies in the Diastatidae family.	Euthychaeta	Diastatidae
parent taxon	The Sunapee golden trout, Salvelinus alpinus oquassa, or blueback trout, is a subspecies of Arctic char native to the northeast United States, Québec, and New Brunswick.	Sunapee golden trout	Arctic char
parent taxon	Dendrophylax is a genus of leafless neotropical orchids (family Orchidaceae) native to Mexico, Central America, the West Indies, and Florida.	Dendrophylax	Orchidaceae
parent taxon	Pittieria is a genus of predatory air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Spiraxidae.	Pittieria	Spiraxidae
parent taxon	Tetracera is a genus of flowering plants of the Dilleniaceae family.	Tetracera	Dilleniaceae
parent taxon	The Victoria robber (Brycinus jacksonii) is a species of fish in the Alestidae family.	Victoria robber	Brycinus
parent taxon	The Papuan grassbird (Megalurus macrurus) is a species of typical grassbird in the family Locustellidae.	Papuan grassbird	Megalurus
parent taxon	Droceloncia is a genus of plant of the family Euphorbiaceae first described as a genus in 1959.	Droceloncia	Euphorbiaceae
parent taxon	An Indian species of cynodont called Panchetocynodon damodarensi has also been assigned to Brasilodontidae.	Brasilodontidae	cynodont
parent taxon	Semisulcospira is a genus of freshwater snails with an operculum, an aquatic gastropod mollusks in the family Semisulcospiridae.	Semisulcospira	Semisulcospiridae
parent taxon	The Tanganyika killifish (Lamprichthys tanganicanus) is a species of poeciliid endemic to Lake Tanganyika, where it forms large schools, mainly close to rocky shores but also pelagically off shore.	Tanganyika killifish	Lamprichthys
parent taxon	The Atlantic silverside (Menidia menidia) also known as spearing in the north east of the United States, is a small species of fish from the West Atlantic, ranging from the Gulf of St. Lawrence in Canada to northeastern Florida in USA.	Atlantic silverside	Menidia
parent taxon	Parviraptor was a genus of stem-snake (clade Ophidia) containing one species, Parviraptor estesi, from the Late Jurassic (Tithonian) or Early Cretaceous (Berriasian) Purbeck Limestone Formation of Dorset, England.	Parviraptor	Ophidia
parent taxon	Metaxia is a genus of minute sea snails with right-handed shell-coiling, marine gastropod mollusks or micromollusks in the family Triphoridae, which are mostly left-handed in shell-coiling.	Metaxia	Triphoridae
parent taxon	The Methylobacteriaceae are a family of Rhizobiales.	Methylobacteriaceae	Rhizobiales
parent taxon	The Hine's emerald dragonfly (Somatochlora hineana) is a dragonfly in the family Corduliidae.	Hine's emerald dragonfly	Somatochlora
parent taxon	Desmarest's hutia (Capromys pilorides), also known as the Cuban hutia, is a species of rodent endemic to Cuba.	Desmarest's hutia	Capromys
parent taxon	The Italian Aesculapian snake (Zamenis lineatus) is a species of snake in the Colubridae family.	Italian Aesculapian snake	Zamenis
parent taxon	The Atlantic mackerel (Scomber scombrus) is a pelagic schooling species of mackerel found on both sides of the North Atlantic Ocean.	Atlantic mackerel	Scomber
parent taxon	Cycloprionus flavus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Cycloprionus.	Cycloprionus	Cerambycidae
parent taxon	Vasum, common name the vase snails or vase shells, is a genus of mostly rather large predatory sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks within the family Turbinellidae.	Vasum	Turbinellidae
parent taxon	Argophyllum is a genus in the Argophyllaceae family comprising around eleven species of shrubs and small trees.	Argophyllum	Argophyllaceae
parent taxon	Echinotriton is a genus of salamander in the Salamandridae family.	Echinotriton	Salamandridae
parent taxon	Seila is a genus of minute sea snails, marine gastropod molluscs or micromolluscs in the family Cerithiopsidae.	Seila	Cerithiopsidae
parent taxon	Bonamia is a genus of the flowering plant family Convolvulaceae, commonly known as the bindweed family and named after the French physician and botanist François Bonamy (1710-1786).	Bonamia	Convolvulaceae
parent taxon	Stereum is type genus of the Stereaceae family of fungi, in the Russulales order.	Stereum	Stereaceae
parent taxon	Blattellinae is a subfamily of the cockroach family Blattellidae.	Blattellinae	Blattellidae
parent taxon	Rondon's marmoset (Mico rondoni), also known as the Rondônia marmoset, is a small species of monkey from the family Callitrichidae found in the south-western Amazon in Brazil.	Rondon's marmoset	Mico
parent taxon	The Columbia torrent salamander (Rhyacotriton kezeri) is a species of salamander in the Rhyacotritonidae family, endemic to the United States.	Columbia torrent salamander	Rhyacotriton
parent taxon	Hebetoxyites is a fossil ammonoid cephalopod from the middle part of the Bajocian stage, middle Jurassic, included in the Strigoceratidae, Haplocerataceae.	Hebetoxyites	Strigoceratidae
parent taxon	The Papuan frogmouth (Podargus papuensis) is a species of bird in the family Podargidae.	Papuan frogmouth	Podargus
parent taxon	Equidae belongs to the order Perissodactyla, which includes the extant tapirs and rhinoceros as well as several extinct families.	Equidae	Perissodactyla
parent taxon	Apteraliplus parvulus is a species of beetle in the family Haliplidae, the only species in the genus Apteraliplus.	Apteraliplus	Haliplidae
parent taxon	The Makira woodhen (Gallinula silvestris), also known as the Makira moorhen, is a species of bird in the family Rallidae.	Makira woodhen	moorhen
parent taxon	Aranucidae is a family of sea slugs, nudibranchs, marine gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Tritonioidea.	Aranucidae	Tritonioidea
parent taxon	The Yasuni antwren or brown-backed antwren (Epinecrophylla fjeldsaai) is a species of bird in the family Thamnophilidae.	Yasuni antwren	Epinecrophylla
parent taxon	Malpighiaceae Malpighiaceae - description, taxonomy, phylogeny, and nomenclature Excentradenia Anderson, W. R. 1997.	Excentradenia	Malpighiaceae Malpighiaceae
parent taxon	The Auchenorrhyncha (former synonym: Cicadinea) suborder of the Hemiptera contains most of the familiar members of what was called the Homoptera -- groups such as cicadas, leafhoppers, treehoppers, planthoppers, and spittlebugs.	Auchenorrhyncha	Hemiptera
parent taxon	The Eisentraut's shrew (Crocidura eisentrauti) is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae.	Eisentraut's shrew	Crocidura
parent taxon	Ero is a genus of pirate spiders in the family Mimetidae.	Ero	Mimetidae
parent taxon	Xoridinae are a worldwide subfamily of the parasitic wasp family Ichneumonidae.	Xoridinae	Ichneumonidae
parent taxon	The Pacific sanddab (Citharichthys sordidus) is a species of flatfish.	Pacific sanddab	Citharichthys
parent taxon	The Yellow-billed stork (Mycteria ibis), sometimes also called the wood stork or wood ibis, is a large African wading stork species in the Ciconiidae family.	Yellow-billed stork	Mycteria
parent taxon	Birmanites is a genus of trilobites in the order Asaphida, family Asaphidae.	Birmanites	Asaphidae
parent taxon	The Wager's stream frog (Strongylopus wageri) is a species of frog in the Pyxicephalidae family found in South Africa and possibly Lesotho and Swaziland.	Wager's stream frog	Strongylopus
parent taxon	The Nephriticeratidae is a family of early Paleozoic (E-M Dev) nautilod cephalopods included in the Barrandeocerina (a suborder of tarphycerids sensu lato), distinguished by mostly cyrtoconic as well as gyroconic, sepenticontic, and sinstrally torticonic shells with large, typically straight necked (orthchoanitic) siphuncles.	Nephriticeratidae	Barrandeocerina
parent taxon	Dendrochilum (commonly abbreviated Ddc. in horticulture) is a genus of epiphytic, lithophytic and a few terrestrial flowering plants in the orchid family (Orchidaceae).	Dendrochilum	Orchidaceae
parent taxon	The Funariidae are a widespread group of mosses in class Bryopsida.	Funariidae	Bryopsida
parent taxon	The New Zealand turbot, Colistium nudipinnis, is a righteye flounder of the subfamily Rhombosoleinae in the family Pleuronectidae, found around New Zealand in shallow enclosed waters.	New Zealand turbot	Colistium
parent taxon	Nanocetorhinus is an extinct genus of sharks in the subclass Neoselachii.	Nanocetorhinus	Neoselachii
parent taxon	Candiacervus is an extinct genus of deer native to Pleistocene Crete.	Candiacervus	deer
parent taxon	Quitmaniceras is a small, compressed, fairly evolute ammonite from the lower Turonian of Grant County, New Mexico and Trans-Pecos Texas, included in the subfamily Acanthoceratinae.	Quitmaniceras	Acanthoceratinae
parent taxon	Dacrycarpus is a genus of conifers belonging to the Podocarp family, Podocarpaceae.	Dacrycarpus	Podocarpaceae
parent taxon	Eurosta is a genus of the family Tephritidae, known as fruit flies in North America and Picture wing flies in Europe.	Eurosta	Tephritidae
parent taxon	Ellisella is an octocorallia genus,commonly known as sea whip, and it belongs to the Ellisellidae family.	Ellisella	Ellisellidae
parent taxon	Metrolytoceras belongs to the ammonoid suborder Lytoceratina, which is typified by having intricate, moss-like sutures, and to the family Lytoceratidae.	Metrolytoceras	Lytoceratidae
parent taxon	Diceratherium is an extinct genus of rhinoceros endemic to North America, Europe, and Asia during the Oligocene through Miocene living from 33.9--11.6 mya, existing for approximately 22.3 million years.	Diceratherium	rhinoceros
parent taxon	Pantheinae is a small subfamily of moth family Noctuidae.	Pantheinae	Noctuidae
parent taxon	The Duke of Bedford's vole (Proedromys bedfordi) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.	Duke of Bedford's vole	Proedromys
parent taxon	The Alashan wapiti is a subspecies of Cervus canadensis (named ``elk'' or ``wapiti'' in North America), found in Northern China and Mongolia.	Alashan wapiti	elk
parent taxon	The Papuan spine-tailed swift (Mearnsia novaeguineae), also known as the Papuan needletail, New Guinea spine-tailed swift or Papua spinetail, is a small (11.5 cm in length), stocky swift with a short, rounded tail and very fast flight.	Papuan spine-tailed swift	Mearnsia
parent taxon	Views of the family-level classification of the traditionally accepted Caprifoliaceae and other plants in the botanical order Dipsacales have been considerably revised in recent decades.	Caprifoliaceae	Dipsacales
parent taxon	The Equatorial round-eared bat (Lophostoma aequatorialis) is a bat species found only on the Pacific coast of northwestern Ecuador.	Equatorial round-eared bat	Lophostoma
parent taxon	Cryptotendipes is a genus of holarctic non-biting midges in the subfamily Chironominae of the bloodworm family Chironomidae.	Cryptotendipes	Chironomidae
parent taxon	Parum is a genus of moths in the Sphingidae family, containing only one species, Parum colligata, which is found from Korea and Japan south throughout eastern and central China and Taiwan to Vietnam, northern Thailand and north-eastern Myanmar.	Parum	Sphingidae
parent taxon	The Knysna woodpecker (Campethera notata) is a species of bird in the Picidae family.	Knysna woodpecker	Campethera
parent taxon	The Sulawesi myzomela (Myzomela chloroptera) is a species of bird in the Meliphagidae family.	Sulawesi myzomela	Myzomela
parent taxon	In taxonomy, ``Candidatus Nitrosopumilus'' is a genus of the Nitrosopumilaceae.	Nitrosopumilus	Nitrosopumilaceae
parent taxon	Allosidastrum is a New World genus comprising four species in the tribe Malveae in the family Malvaceae.	Allosidastrum	Malveae
parent taxon	The Mexican woodrat (Neotoma mexicana) is a medium-sized rat occurring in the United States from Utah and Colorado south through New Mexico and parts of Arizona and Trans-Pecos Texas.	Mexican woodrat	Neotoma
parent taxon	Beatrix's bat (Glauconycteris beatrix) is a species of vesper bat in the family Vespertilionidae.	Beatrix's bat	Glauconycteris
parent taxon	The describers found Domeykodactylus similar to both the Ctenochasmatidae and Dsungaripteridae in the crest; because of the elevated tooth sockets it was assigned to the latter group.	Domeykodactylus	Dsungaripteridae
parent taxon	Selenochilus is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae, endemic to New Zealand, including the following seven species:	Selenochilus	Carabidae
parent taxon	Jassa is a genus of amphipods in the family Ischyroceridae, comprising the following species:	Jassa	Ischyroceridae
parent taxon	New Caledonia wattled bat (Chalinolobus neocaledonicus) is a species of vesper bat (family Vespertilionidae) in the genus Chalinolobus.	New Caledonia wattled bat	Chalinolobus
parent taxon	Eubacteriaceae is a Gram positive bacteria family in the order Clostridiales	Eubacteriaceae	Clostridiales
parent taxon	Xylocopa tenuiscapa, or Xylocopa (Koptortosoma) tenuiscapa, is a species of carpenter bee.	Xylocopa tenuiscapa	carpenter bee
parent taxon	Andersen's slit-faced bat (Nycteris aurita) is a slit-faced bat species found in East Africa.	Andersen's slit-faced bat	Nycteris
parent taxon	Ptilidium is a genus of liverwort, and is the only genus in family Ptilidiaceae.	Ptilidium	Ptilidiaceae
parent taxon	The Gracile goshawk (Accipiter quartus) is an extinct species of bird of prey in the Accipitridae family.	Gracile goshawk	Accipiter
parent taxon	Afrotachys brincki is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Afrotachys.	Afrotachys	Carabidae
parent taxon	Uvanilla is a genus of sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Turbinidae, the turban snails.	Uvanilla	Turbinidae
parent taxon	Cystobacterineae is a bacterium sub order Myxococcales.	Cystobacterineae	Myxococcales
parent taxon	Pancheloniidae is a clade of sea turtles belonging to the sea turtle superfamily Chelonioidea.	Pancheloniidae	sea turtle
parent taxon	Horned lizards are a genus (Phrynosoma) of lizards which are the type genus of the family Phrynosomatidae.	Horned lizard	Phrynosomatidae
parent taxon	Phasmomantis is a genus of mantis of the family Mantidae, consisting of 3 species, Phasmomantis basalis, Phasmomantis championi and Phasmomantis sumichrasti.	Phasmomantis	Mantidae
parent taxon	The Morishita's tiger (Parantica hypowattan) is a species of butterfly in the Danaidae family.	Morishita's tiger	Parantica
parent taxon	The East Andean antbird (Drymophila caudata) is a species of bird in the family Thamnophilidae.	East Andean antbird	Drymophila
parent taxon	In taxonomy, the Chaetophorales are an order of green algae, specifically the class Chlorophyceae.	Chaetophorales	Chlorophyceae
parent taxon	Afrixalus (commonly known as the banana frog or the spiny reed frog) is a genus of frog in the Hyperoliidae family.	Afrixalus	Hyperoliidae
parent taxon	The insect family Macromiidae contains the dragonfly species known as cruisers or skimmers.	Macromiidae	dragonfly
parent taxon	Allocrioceras is an ammonoid cephalopod from the mid-Cretaceous included in the turrilitacean family Anisoceratidae.	Allocrioceras	Anisoceratidae
parent taxon	Lenyrhova is a genus of moths in the Sesiidae family which is known from eastern Madagascar.	Lenyrhova	Sesiidae
parent taxon	Cacyparis is a moth genus in the family Nolidae found in Papua-New Guinea and Australia.	Cacyparis	Nolidae
parent taxon	Mateuellus troglobioticus is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Mateuellus.	Mateuellus	Carabidae
parent taxon	Placement of Menegazzia within the Parmeliaceae has now been confirmed by several molecular studies.	Menegazzia	Parmeliaceae
parent taxon	Digitatispora is a genus of crustlike fungi in the family Atheliaceae.	Digitatispora	Atheliaceae
parent taxon	Diplotropis is a genus of trees (family Fabaceae) found in Brazil and parts of northern Argentina.	Diplotropis	Fabaceae
parent taxon	Rhipicephalus is a genus of ticks in the family Ixodidae, the hard ticks.	Rhipicephalus	Ixodidae
parent taxon	Bourret's horseshoe bat (Rhinolophus paradoxolophus) is a species of horseshoe bat native to Southeast Asia.	Bourret's horseshoe bat	Rhinolophus
parent taxon	The genus Taricha consists of four species of newts in the family Salamandridae.	Taricha	Salamandridae
parent taxon	The Australasian grebe (Tachybaptus novaehollandiae) is a small waterbird common on fresh water lakes and rivers in greater Australia, New Zealand and on nearby Pacific islands.	Australasian grebe	Tachybaptus
parent taxon	Paramelania is a genus of tropical freshwater snails with an operculum, aquatic gastropod mollusks in the family Paludomidae.	Paramelania	Paludomidae
parent taxon	Ctenodactylomorphi is an infraorder of rodent's suborder Hystricomorpha.	Ctenodactylomorphi	Hystricomorpha
parent taxon	Gryponautilus is an Upper Triassic nautilid (generally coiled nautiloid cephalopods) belonging to the trigonoceratacean family Grypoceratidae, characterized by involute, inflated shells, which at maturity develop narrowly rounded keel-like venters.	Gryponautilus	Grypoceratidae
parent taxon	Pigmentiphaga is a genus of motile and nonmotile bacteria of the family Alcaligenaceae.	Pigmentiphaga	Alcaligenaceae
parent taxon	A cladistic analysis of the specimen's anatomical features by the describers placed Austroraptor within the subfamily Unenlagiinae of the Dromaeosauridae.	Austroraptor	Dromaeosauridae
parent taxon	Crawford-Cabral's shaggy rat or Crawford-Cabral's shaggy marsh rat (Dasymys cabrali) is a species of shaggy marsh rat endemic to north-eastern Namibia, near the Okavango River.	Crawford-Cabral's shaggy rat	Dasymys
parent taxon	Homopholis is a genus of geckos found in Sub-Saharan Africa.	Homopholis	geckos
parent taxon	The Somalia gerbil, Gerbillus dunni, is a rodent species distributed mainly in Ethiopia, Somalia, Djibouti.	Somalia gerbil	Gerbillus
parent taxon	The Java spaghetti eel, also known as the Java thrush-eel, Java worm eel, and the black-tailed thrush eel (Moringua javanica) is an eel in the family Moringuidae (spaghetti/worm eels).	Java spaghetti eel	Moringua
parent taxon	The Eurasian bittern or great bittern (Botaurus stellaris) is a wading bird in the bittern subfamily (Botaurinae) of the heron family Ardeidae.	Eurasian bittern	Botaurus
parent taxon	Paralophidius septentrionalis is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Paralophidius.	Paralophidius	Carabidae
parent taxon	The subtribe used to be classified as the Lithosiini tribe of the Lithosiinae subfamily of the Arctiidae family.	Lithosiina	Lithosiini
parent taxon	Heleobia is a genus of small freshwater and brackish water snails with a gill and an operculum, aquatic gastropod mollusks in the family Cochliopidae and the superfamily Truncatelloidea.	Heleobia	Cochliopidae
parent taxon	Psimunalikevirus (synonyms psiM-like viruses, psiM1-like viruses) is a genus of viruses in the family Siphoviridae.	Psimunalikevirus	Siphoviridae
parent taxon	Kava or kava-kava (Piper methysticum: Latin ``pepper'' + Latinized Greek ``intoxicating'') is a crop of the western Pacific.	Kava	Piper
parent taxon	The Azuero howler (Alouatta coibensis trabeata) a type of monkey that is a subspecies of the Coiba Island howler A. coibensis.	Azuero howler	Coiba Island howler
parent taxon	The Luzon shrew (Crocidura grayi) is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae.	Luzon shrew	Crocidura
parent taxon	The Tsushima salamander (Hynobius tsuensis) is a species of salamander in the Hynobiidae family, endemic to Japan.	Tsushima salamander	Hynobius
parent taxon	Meeboldina is a plant genus in the family Restionaceae, described as a genus in 1943.	Meeboldina	Restionaceae
parent taxon	Dyschoriste is a genus of flowering plants in the acanthus family, Acanthaceae.	Dyschoriste	Acanthaceae
parent taxon	Cyclemys is a genus of freshwater turtles, commonly referred to as Asian leaf turtles, from the family Geoemydidae.	Cyclemys	Geoemydidae
parent taxon	The Phyllodini are thought to be one of the two clades comprising the Calpinae, with the other clade containing the tribes Calpini and Ophiderini.	Phyllodini	Calpinae
parent taxon	Paralissoeme maculipennis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Paralissoeme.	Paralissoeme	Cerambycidae
parent taxon	Xenandra is a genus in the butterfly family Riodinidae present in the Neotropical ecozone.	Xenandra	Riodinidae
parent taxon	Thysanotus is a genus of perennial herbs in the family Asparagaceae, subfamily Lomandroideae.	Thysanotus	Lomandroideae
parent taxon	Helicteres is a genus of flowering plants belonging to the family Malvaceae, with 141 species.	Helicteres	Malvaceae
parent taxon	Kolonibidion femoratum is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Kolonibidion.	Kolonibidion	Cerambycidae
parent taxon	Litoprosopus is a genus of moths formerly of the Noctuidae family.	Litoprosopus	Noctuidae
parent taxon	Diaphanoidea is a taxonomic superfamily of small sea snails, marine opisthobranch gastropod mollusks or micromollusks in the Cephalaspidea, the headshield slugs and bubble snails.	Diaphanoidea	Cephalaspidea
parent taxon	Colpomimus colpodoides is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Colpomimus.	Colpomimus	Carabidae
parent taxon	The Vilcabamba tapaculo (Scytalopus urubambae) is a small passerine bird endemic to Peru.	Vilcabamba tapaculo	Scytalopus
parent taxon	The Uganda clawed frog (Xenopus ruwenzoriensis) is a species of frog in the Pipidae family found in Uganda and possibly the Democratic Republic of the Congo.	Uganda clawed frog	Xenopus
parent taxon	The Soringa whiting, Sillago soringa (also known simply as Soringa or Soringa sillago), is a poorly known species of coastal marine fish of the smelt-whiting family, Sillaginidae.	Soringa whiting	Sillago
parent taxon	Fulvous shrike-tanager, Lanio fulvus White-winged shrike-tanager, Lanio versicolor Black-throated shrike-tanager, Lanio aurantius White-throated shrike-tanager, Lanio leucothorax	Lanio	tanager
parent taxon	Treculia is a genus of trees in the plant family Moraceae that is native to west and central Africa and Madagascar.	Treculia	Moraceae
parent taxon	The European ass (Equus hydruntinus) is an extinct equine from the middle and late Pleistocene of Eurasia.	European ass	Equus
parent taxon	placed Vetulicola in the new family Vetulicolidae, order Vetulicolida and phylum Vetulicolia, among the deuterostomes.	Vetulicola	Vetulicolidae
parent taxon	The Jamaica giant galliwasp (Celestus occiduus) is a species of lizard in the Anguidae family.	Jamaica giant galliwasp	Celestus
parent taxon	Bouleia is a trilobite in the order Phacopida (family Calmoniidae) which existed during the lower Devonian in what is now Bolivia.	Bouleia	Calmoniidae
parent taxon	The African pygmy kingfisher (Ispidina picta) is a small insectivorous kingfisher found in the Afrotropics, mostly in woodland habitats.	African pygmy kingfisher	Ispidina
parent taxon	Coenosia is a very large genus of true flies of the family Muscidae.	Coenosia	Muscidae
parent taxon	Lernaeocera is a genus of marine copepods in the family Pennellidae, containing the following species:	Lernaeocera	Pennellidae
parent taxon	Coriocella is a genus of small slug-like sea snails, marine gastropod molluscs in the family Velutinidae.	Coriocella	Velutinidae
parent taxon	A cladistic analysis in 2016 determined that Dracoraptor was a basal member, positioned low in the evolutionary tree, of the Neotheropoda.	Dracoraptor	Neotheropoda
parent taxon	It is the only known species in the genus Odontochelys and the family Odontochelyidae.	Odontochelys	Odontochelyidae
parent taxon	The Ethiopian mylomys (Mylomys rex) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.	Ethiopian mylomys	Mylomys
parent taxon	Bullina is a genus of sea snails or bubble snails, marine gastropod molluscs in the family Bullinidae.	Bullina	Bullinidae
parent taxon	Gnathopraxithea sarryi is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Gnathopraxithea.	Gnathopraxithea	Cerambycidae
parent taxon	The Yellow-legged mushroomtongue salamander (Bolitoglossa flavimembris) is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae.	Yellow-legged mushroomtongue salamander	Bolitoglossa
parent taxon	The Australian land hermit crab (Coenobita variabilis) is a terrestrial hermit crab species, native to Australia.	Australian land hermit crab	Coenobita
parent taxon	Perophora is a sea squirt genus in the family Perophoridae.	Perophora	Perophoridae
parent taxon	Shibataeinae is a subtribe of bamboo (tribe Bambuseae of the family Poaceae).	Shibataeinae	bamboo
parent taxon	The Texas mouse (Peromyscus attwateri) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.	Texas mouse	Peromyscus
parent taxon	The Javan white-eye (Zosterops flavus) is a species of bird in the Zosteropidae family.	Javan white-eye	Zosterops
parent taxon	The Vanikoro white-eye (Zosterops gibbsi) is a species of bird in the Zosteropidae family.	Vanikoro white-eye	Zosterops
parent taxon	Mixomyrophis is a genus of eel in the family Ophichthidae.	Mixomyrophis	Ophichthidae
parent taxon	The Northern smoothtongue (Leuroglossus schmidti) is a type of deepwater fish that can grow to a length of 15 centimetres (5.9 in) TL.	Northern smoothtongue	Leuroglossus
parent taxon	Variovorax is a genus of bacteria from the family Comamonadaceae.	Variovorax	Comamonadaceae
parent taxon	In taxonomy, the Pyramimonadales are an order of green algae, specifically the Prasinophyceae (prasinophytes).	Pyramimonadales	Prasinophyceae
parent taxon	The Anostomidae are a family of ray-finned fishes that belong to the order Characiformes.	Anostomidae	Characiformes
parent taxon	Ceriantipatharia was a subclass of class Anthozoa of the phylum Cnidaria and included tube anemones and Thorny Corals.	Ceriantipatharia	Anthozoa
parent taxon	Phaleria is flowering plant genus of about 20 species in the family Thymelaeaceae.	Phaleria	Thymelaeaceae
parent taxon	Brachycnemina is a suborder within the Zoantharia order (third largest of Hexacorallia) of Cnidarians.	Brachycnemina	Zoantharia
parent taxon	Sheepshead porgy (Calamus penna) is a species of fish of the porgy family, Sparidae, only found in the Atlantic Ocean.	Sheepshead porgy	Calamus
parent taxon	Cypripedium is a genus of 58 species and nothospecies of hardy orchids; it is one of five genera that together compose the subfamily of lady's slipper orchids (Cypripedioideae).	Cypripedium	Cypripedioideae
parent taxon	Eleutheroschizonidae is a family of parasitic protozoa in the order Protococcidiorida.	Eleutheroschizonidae	Protococcidiorida
parent taxon	Archer's lark (Heteromirafra archeri) is a species of lark in the Alaudidae family.	Archer's lark	Heteromirafra
parent taxon	Uptonia is an extinct ammonite from the Lower Jurassic that's included in the eoderoceratacean family Polymorphitidae.	Uptonia	Polymorphitidae
parent taxon	Fraxinus pennsylvanica (green ash or red ash) is a species of ash native to eastern and central North America, from Nova Scotia west to southeastern Alberta and eastern Colorado, south to northern Florida, and southwest to eastern Texas.	Fraxinus pennsylvanica	ash
parent taxon	This was eventually confirmed by the phylogenetic analyses conducted by Leandro C. Gaetano and Guillermo W. Rougier (2011, 2012); these analyses recovered Volaticotherium antiquum as a eutriconodont that belonged to the family Triconodontidae and subfamily Alticonodontinae, and was particularly closely related to the genera Argentoconodon and Ichthyoconodon.	Volaticotherium	Alticonodontinae
parent taxon	The Kingman springsnail (Pyrgulopsis conica) is a species of freshwater snail in the family Hydrobiidae, the mud snails.	Kingman springsnail	Pyrgulopsis
parent taxon	Bunias is a genus in the Brassicaceae family.	Bunias	Brassicaceae
parent taxon	The Makira cicadabird (Coracina salomonis) is a species of bird in the Campephagidae family.	Makira cicadabird	Coracina
parent taxon	The Olympic torrent salamander (Rhyacotriton olympicus) is a species of salamander in the Rhyacotritonidae family.	Olympic torrent salamander	Rhyacotriton
parent taxon	Giganthias is a small genus of fish belonging to the anthia subfamily (Anthiinae).	Giganthias	Anthiinae
parent taxon	Hexacorallia is a subclass of Anthozoa comprising approximately 4,300 species of aquatic organisms formed of polyps, generally with 6-fold symmetry.	Hexacorallia	Anthozoa
parent taxon	Caiuajara was assigned to the Tapejaridae, more precisely the Tapejarinae.	Caiuajara	Tapejaridae
parent taxon	Cleidiocarpon is a genus of plant of the family Euphorbiaceae first described as a genus in 1965.	Cleidiocarpon	Euphorbiaceae
parent taxon	Anemone drummondii is a species of anemone known by the common name Drummond's anemone.	Anemone drummondii	anemone
parent taxon	Michenia is an extinct genus of terrestrial herbivore the family Camelidae, endemic to North America from the Pliocene through Pleistocene 24.8--4.9 mya, existing for approximately 19.9 million years.	Michenia	Camelidae
parent taxon	Pontella is a marine copepod genus in the family Pontellidae.	Pontella	Pontellidae
parent taxon	Adenopeltis is a plant genus of the family Euphorbiaceae first described as a genus in 1832.	Adenopeltis	Euphorbiaceae
parent taxon	The Melanoplinae are a subfamily of grasshoppers in the family Acrididae.	Melanoplinae	Acrididae
parent taxon	Pentachaeta is a genus of the Asteraceae family; the entire genus is endemic to California.	Pentachaeta	Asteraceae
parent taxon	Heliomorpha is a genus of Cercozoa, placed in its own family, Heliomorphidae.	Heliomorpha	Heliomorphidae
parent taxon	Avinoffia is a genus of moths in the Sphingidae family containing only one species, Avinoffia hollandi.	Avinoffia	Sphingidae
parent taxon	Acadoparadoxides is an extinct genus of redlichiid trilobite belonging to the family Paradoxididae.	Acadoparadoxides	Paradoxididae
parent taxon	Andes virus (ANDV) is a hantavirus, which, in South America, is a major causative agent of Hantavirus cardiopulmonary syndrome (HCPS or HPS).	Andes virus	Hantavirus
parent taxon	Tilioideae is a flowering plant subfamily in the family Malvaceae, though it was formerly considered a large group, placed at family rank and called Tiliaceae.	Tilioideae	Malvaceae
parent taxon	Ikonnikovia is a genus in the family Plumbaginaceae, containing only the species Ikonnikovia kaufmannia, found in Central Asia.	Ikonnikovia	Plumbaginaceae
parent taxon	Cosmetalepas, common name the pitted keyhole limpets, is a genus of minute deepwater keyhole limpets, marine gastropod mollusks or micromollusks in the family Fissurellidae, the keyhole limpets and slit limpets.	Cosmetalepas	Fissurellidae
parent taxon	The Kuiter's deepsea clingfish, Kopua kuiteri, is a clingfish of the family Gobiesocidae, found only off New South Wales, Australia, at depths of between 90 and 110 m.	Kuiter's deepsea clingfish	Kopua
parent taxon	Synchiropus ijimae, the Japanese dragonet, is a species of dragonet native to the northwestern Pacific Ocean where it is known from the waters off of Japan and South Korea.	Japanese dragonet	Synchiropus
parent taxon	Histiopteris is a genus of ferns in the family Dennstaedtiaceae described as a genus in 1875.	Histiopteris	Dennstaedtiaceae
parent taxon	Sapindaceae, also known as the soapberry family, is a family of flowering plants in the order Sapindales.	Sapindaceae	Sapindales
parent taxon	Alexgeorgea is a genus of three plant species found in Western Australia belonging to the family Restionaceae named in honour of the botanist Alex George in 1976.	Alexgeorgea	Restionaceae
parent taxon	Eumichtis is a subgenus of Polymixis, and is a moths of the Noctuidae family.	Eumichtis	Noctuidae
parent taxon	in the horticultural trade, is a genus of orchids (family Orchidaceae) and the only genus of alliance Lockhartia.	Lockhartia	Orchidaceae
parent taxon	Garrulus is a genus of Old World jays, passerine birds in the family Corvidae.	Garrulus	Corvidae
parent taxon	Walter Verheyen's mouse (Hylomyscus walterverheyeni) is a species of rodent of the genus Hylomyscus that is found in the Central African lowland and mountain forests.	Walter Verheyen's mouse	Hylomyscus
parent taxon	The Madagascan large free-tailed bat (Tadarida fulminans) is a species of bat in the family Molossidae.	Madagascan large free-tailed bat	Tadarida
parent taxon	The Ancorinidae are a family of marine sponges belonging to the order of Astrophorida.	Ancorinidae	Astrophorida
parent taxon	Zornia is a cosmopolitan genus of herbs from the legume family Fabaceae.	Zornia	Fabaceae
parent taxon	Narina trogon (Apaloderma narina) Bare-cheeked trogon (Apaloderma aequatoriale) Bar-tailed trogon (Apaloderma vittatum)	Apaloderma	trogon
parent taxon	The North Pacific crestfish or unicornfish, Lophotus capellei, is a crestfish of the genus Lophotus, found in the tropical and subtropical waters of the Pacific and Atlantic oceans, in deep water.	North Pacific crestfish	Lophotus
parent taxon	The Angolan white-throated monitor (Varanus albigularis angolensis) is a lizard found in and around Angola.	Angolan white-throated monitor	Varanus albigularis
parent taxon	The New Caledonia catshark or Kanakorum catshark (Aulohalaelurus kanakorum) is a catshark of the family Scyliorhinidae in the order Carcharhiniformes, known only from one specimen collected near southwestern New Caledonia in the western central Pacific Ocean.	New Caledonia catshark	Aulohalaelurus
parent taxon	Herpolitha is a monotypic genus of mushroom corals in the family Fungiidae.	Herpolitha	Fungiidae
parent taxon	Heligmomerus is a spider genus in the family Idiopidae found in Asia and Africa.	Heligmomerus	Idiopidae
parent taxon	Biwia springeri (syn.: Abbottina springeri ) is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Biwia found in North and South Korea.	Biwia springeri	Abbottina
parent taxon	Blenniventer violaceotinctus is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Blenniventer.	Blenniventer	Carabidae
parent taxon	Adapinae is a subfamily within the extinct primate family Adapidae primarily found in Europe up until the end of the Eocene.	Adapinae	Adapidae
parent taxon	Sericanthe is a genus of flowering plants in the family Rubiaceae.	Sericanthe	Rubiaceae
parent taxon	Lebistinida pulchra is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Lebistinida.	Lebistinida	Carabidae
parent taxon	Elasmias is a genus of tropical tree-living air-breathing land snails, arboreal pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Achatinellidae.	Elasmias	Achatinellidae
parent taxon	Glauert's anglerfish, Allenichthys glauerti, is an anglerfish that is in the monotypic genus, Allenichthys.	Glauert's anglerfish	Allenichthys
parent taxon	The separation of Nodosauridae into European Struthiosaurinae and North American Nodosaurinae by the end of the Aptian provides a revised date for the isolation of the continents from each other with rising sealevel.	Nodosaurinae	Nodosauridae
parent taxon	Flexopecten is a genus of saltwater clams, scallops, marine bivalve mollusks in the family Pectinidae, the scallops.	Flexopecten	Pectinidae
parent taxon	Suthora is a genus of parrotbill in the Sylviidae family.	Suthora	Sylviidae
parent taxon	Pseudolivoidea is a taxonomic superfamily of sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the clade Neogastropoda.	Pseudolivoidea	Neogastropoda
parent taxon	Castnius is a genus of moths within the family Castniidae.	Castnius	Castniidae
parent taxon	The Apioceridae, or flower-loving flies, are a small (about 150 species) family of flies, all in the single genus Apiocera.	Apiocera	Apioceridae
parent taxon	Paraminabea is a genus of soft corals in the family Alcyoniidae.	Paraminabea	Alcyoniidae
parent taxon	The Acridoxeninae are a subfamily of the Tettigoniidae, with one genus, Acridoxena.	Acridoxeninae	Tettigoniidae
parent taxon	Lamellodiscus is a genus of monopisthocotylean Monogeneans, belonging in the family Diplectanidae; all species of Lamellodiscus are small worms, parasitic on the gills of teleost fish.	Lamellodiscus	Diplectanidae
parent taxon	Eophrynidae is a family of the extinct arachnid order Trigonotarbida.	Eophrynidae	Trigonotarbida
parent taxon	The Stenogastrinae are a subfamily of social wasps included in the family Vespidae.	Stenogastrinae	Vespidae
parent taxon	Eruca is a genus of flowering plants in the family Brassicaceae, native to the Mediterranean region.	Eruca	Brassicaceae
parent taxon	Bachman's sparrow (Peucaea aestivalis), is a small American sparrow that is endemic to the southeastern United States.	Bachman's sparrow	Peucaea
parent taxon	Sciapodinae is a subfamily of fly in the family Dolichopodidae.	Sciapodinae	Dolichopodidae
parent taxon	The Australian weasel shark (Hemigaleus australiensis) is an uncommon species of ground shark in the family Hemigaleidae.	Australian weasel shark	Hemigaleus
parent taxon	Salvin's big-eyed bat (Chiroderma salvini) is a species of bat in the family Phyllostomidae.	Salvin's big-eyed bat	Chiroderma
parent taxon	The California leaf-nosed bat (Macrotus californicus) is a species of bat in the family Phyllostomidae.	California leaf-nosed bat	Macrotus
parent taxon	Oedemerinae are a subfamily of the false blister beetles (family Oedemeridae), also known as pollen-feeding beetles.	Oedemerinae	Oedemeridae
parent taxon	Zadelsdorfia is an extinct genus belonging to the Gattendorfiinae subfamily, a member of the Goniatitida order.	Zadelsdorfia	Gattendorfiinae
parent taxon	Monarda is in the tribe Mentheae of the subfamily Nepetoideae in the mint family.	Monarda	Mentheae
parent taxon	Peters's climbing rat (Tylomys nudicaudus) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.	Peters's climbing rat	Tylomys
parent taxon	Neomastogenius hatayamai is a species of beetle in the family Buprestidae, the only species in the genus Neomastogenius.	Neomastogenius	Buprestidae
parent taxon	Humulus, hop, is a small genus of flowering plants in the family Cannabaceae.	Humulus	Cannabaceae
parent taxon	The Colombian grebe (Podiceps andinus), was a grebe (aquatic bird) found in the Bogotá wetlands in the Eastern Andes of Colombia.	Colombian grebe	Podiceps
parent taxon	The Open Bay Islands skink (or Open Bay Island skink), Oligosoma taumakae, is a species of skink.	Open Bay Islands skink	Oligosoma
parent taxon	Hierodoris is a genus of moths in the family of Oecophoridae.	Hierodoris	Oecophoridae
parent taxon	Cuphosolenus is a genus of extinct small to medium-sized sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Aporrhaidae and the superfamily Stromboidea, known from the Jurassic and lower Cretaceous periods.	Cuphosolenus	Aporrhaidae
parent taxon	Pisidium is a genus of very small or minute freshwater clams known as pill clams or pea clams, aquatic bivalve molluscs in the family Sphaeriidae, the pea clams and fingernail clams.	Pisidium	Sphaeriidae
parent taxon	Syncomistes is a genus of Australian freshwater fish in the family Terapontidae, the grunters.	Syncomistes	Terapontidae
parent taxon	Lycaeides is a holarctic genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae.	Lycaeides	Lycaenidae
parent taxon	Myliobatis is a genus of eagle rays in the family Myliobatidae.	Myliobatis	Myliobatidae
parent taxon	Asteriscium is a genus of flowering plant in the Apiaceae, with about 8 species.	Asteriscium	Apiaceae
parent taxon	Buff-breasted mountain tanager, Dubusia taeniata Chestnut-bellied mountain tanager, Dubusia castaneoventris	Dubusia	tanager
parent taxon	The Príncipe thrush (Turdus xanthorhynchus) is a species of bird in the family Turdidae.	Príncipe thrush	Turdus
parent taxon	The Lake Victoria deepwater catfish (Xenoclarias eupogon) is a species of catfish (order Siluriformes) of the family Clariidae.	Lake Victoria deepwater catfish	Xenoclarias
parent taxon	Coelomys is a subgenus of the rodent genus Mus, the mice.	Coelomys	Mus
parent taxon	The Yap cicadabird (Coracina nesiotis), sometimes considered to be a distinctive subspecies of the common cicadabird, is a species of bird in the cuckooshrike, or Campephagidae, family.	Yap cicadabird	Coracina
parent taxon	Somatogyrus is a genus of very small freshwater and brackish water snails that have an operculum, aquatic gastropod mollusks in the family Hydrobiidae.	Somatogyrus	Hydrobiidae
parent taxon	Collidosuchus is an extinct genus of archegosauroidean temnospondyl within the family Archegosauridae.	Collidosuchus	Archegosauridae
parent taxon	Colparion is a genus of minute, air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks or micromollusks in the family Euconulidae, the hive snails.	Colparion	Euconulidae
parent taxon	The Black Sea sprat, Clupeonella cultriventris, is a small fish of the herring family, Clupeidae.	Black Sea sprat	Clupeonella
parent taxon	Leiolepis is the sole genus of subfamily Leiolepidinae.	Leiolepis	Leiolepidinae
parent taxon	The White Sea herring, Clupea pallasii marisalbi is a subspecies of the Pacific herring, Clupea pallasii, in the Clupea genus of the Clupeidae family.	White Sea herring	Pacific herring
parent taxon	Austromyrtus is a genus of shrubs in the myrtle family Myrtaceae.	Austromyrtus	Myrtaceae
parent taxon	Centipedes (from Latin prefix centi-, ``hundred'', and pes, pedis, ``foot'') are arthropods belonging to the class Chilopoda of the subphylum Myriapoda.	Centipede	Myriapoda
parent taxon	Like all Proteobacteria, the Gammaproteobacteria are Gram-negative.	Gammaproteobacteria	Proteobacteria
parent taxon	Bruchomima chloropelta is a species of beetle in the family Megalopodidae, the only species in the genus Bruchomima.	Bruchomima	Megalopodidae
parent taxon	Genetic analysis shows Callerya, Afgekia and Wisteria to be each other's closest relatives and quite distinct from other members of the tribe Millettieae.	Wisteria	Millettieae
parent taxon	Hexocycnidolon unoculum is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Hexocycnidolon.	Hexocycnidolon	Cerambycidae
parent taxon	Mazocraeidea is an order in the subclass Polyopisthocotylea within class Monogenea.	Mazocraeidea	Polyopisthocotylea
parent taxon	Mimathyma is a genus of butterflies in the family Nymphalidae found in eastern and southern Asia.	Mimathyma	Nymphalidae
parent taxon	Nyctanthes is a genus of flowering plants in the family Oleaceae, native to southeastern Asia.	Nyctanthes	Oleaceae
parent taxon	The Sahara Desert ant (Cataglyphis bicolor) is a desert-dwelling ant of the genus Cataglyphis.	Sahara Desert ant	Cataglyphis
parent taxon	Acanthoecidae is a Choanoflagellate family.	Acanthoecidae	Choanoflagellate
parent taxon	The Mato Grosso antbird (Cercomacra melanaria) is a species of bird in the family Thamnophilidae.	Mato Grosso antbird	Cercomacra
parent taxon	Vachellia rigidula, commonly known as Blackbrush Acacia or Chaparro Prieto, and also known as Acacia rigidula, is a species of shrub or small tree in the legume family, Fabaceae.	Vachellia rigidula	Acacia
parent taxon	The Cape Verde swift or Alexander's swift (Apus alexandri) is a small bird of the swift family found only in the Cape Verde Islands.	Cape Verde swift	Apus
parent taxon	Ocepeia is distinct enough from other groups that it is placed in its own family, Ocepeiidae.	Ocepeia	Ocepeiidae
parent taxon	Symphylans, also known as garden centipedes or pseudocentipedes, are soil-dwelling arthropods of the class Symphyla in the subphylum Myriapoda.	Symphyla	Myriapoda
parent taxon	The Lower Andes tree frog, Hypsiboas melanopleura, is a species of frog in the Hylidae family endemic to Peru.	Lower Andes tree frog	Hypsiboas
parent taxon	Microctenopoma is a genus of fish in the Anabantidae (climbing gourami) family.	Microctenopoma	climbing gourami
parent taxon	The Chiapas catfish, Lacantunia enigmatica, is an unusual species of catfish (order Siluriformes) newly described in 2005 from the Lacantún River in the Mexican state of Chiapas.	Chiapas catfish	Lacantunia
parent taxon	Crocus etruscus (Tuscan crocus) is a species of flowering plant in the genus Crocus of the family Iridaceae, endemic to woodlands of Central Tuscany (Italy).	Crocus etruscus	crocus
parent taxon	Harpa, common name the ``harp snails'', is a genus of large predatory sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Harpidae.	Harpa	Harpidae
parent taxon	Gesnouinia is a small genus of flowering plants in the family Urticaceae (the nettle family).	Gesnouinia	Urticaceae
participant of	Alain Couriol (born 24 October 1958 in Paris) is a former football striker from France, who earned 12 caps and scored 2 goals for the France national football team, including playing in the 1982 FIFA World Cup where France finished fourth.	Alain Couriol	1982 FIFA World Cup
participant of	František Štambachr or Štambacher, nicknamed ``Štambi'', (born 13 February 1953 in Čebín) is a former Czechoslovakian footballer, gold medalist with the Czechoslovakian Olympic Football Team at the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow.	František Štambachr	1980 Summer Olympics
participant of	Simon Laurens (born 28 November 1967 in Saint Brélade, Jersey) is a British Para-equestrian who competed at the 2008 Summer Paralympics, held in Beijing, China.	Simon Laurens	2008 Summer Paralympics
participant of	György Szűcs (Szombathely, 23 April 1912 -- Budapest, 10 December 1991) was a Hungarian footballer who played for Újpest FC, as well as representing the Hungarian national football team at the 1934 and the 1938 FIFA World Cup.	György Szűcs	1938 FIFA World Cup
participant of	Milton Goode (born February 16, 1960 in Tinton Falls, New Jersey) is a retired high jumper from the United States, who participated at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles, California.	Milton Goode	1984 Summer Olympics
participant of	Itai Chammah (Hebrew: איתי צ'מה‎; born 11 November 1985 in Yavne) is an Israeli swimmer who represented Israel at the 2008 Summer Olympics.	Itai Chammah	2008 Summer Olympics
participant of	Fabio Aru (born 3 July 1990) is an Italian professional road bicycle racer for UCI ProTeam Astana who was the overall winner of the 2015 Vuelta a España.	Fabio Aru	2015 Vuelta a España
participant of	Andreas Kosmatopoulos (born 26 September 1968) is a Greek yacht racer who competed in the 1992 Summer Olympics, in the 1996 Summer Olympics, in the 2000 Summer Olympics, in the 2004 Summer Olympics, and in the 2008 Summer Olympics.	Andreas Kosmatopoulos	1992 Summer Olympics
participant of	Daniel Revenu received a gold medal in foil team at the 1968 Summer Olympics in Mexico City, together with Gilles Berolatti, Christian Noël, Jean-Claude Magnan and Jacques Dimont.	Daniel Revenu	1968 Summer Olympics
participant of	Iason Sappas (Greek: Ιάσων Σάππας, 1892, date of death unknown) was a Greek sport shooter who competed in the 1920 Summer Olympics.	Iason Sappas	1920 Summer Olympics
participant of	Catherine Suire (born 15 September 1959) is a former tennis player from France, who competed as a lucky loser for her native country at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul.	Catherine Suire	1988 Summer Olympics
participant of	Tihomir Franković (born 30 September 1970) is a Croatian rower who won a bronze medal in the eights competition at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney.	Tihomir Franković	2000 Summer Olympics
participant of	Wang Jingzhi (born 28 August 1982, in Tanggu, Tianjin) is a Chinese sabre fencer, who competed at the 2004, 2008 and 2012 Summer Olympics.	Wang Jingzhi	2012 Summer Olympics
participant of	Annemarie Groen (born October 16, 1955 in Naarden, North Holland) is a former backstroke swimmer from the Netherlands, who competed for her native country at the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich, West Germany.	Annemarie Groen	1972 Summer Olympics
participant of	Diran Manoukian (born 22 March 1919) is a French former field hockey player who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics, in the 1952 Summer Olympics, and in the 1960 Summer Olympics.	Diran Manoukian	1948 Summer Olympics	1952 Summer Olympics	1960 Summer Olympics
participant of	Milan Folta (born 7 November 1960 in Prešov) is a Slovak former handball player who competed in the 1988 Summer Olympics and in the 1992 Summer Olympics.	Milan Folta	1988 Summer Olympics	1992 Summer Olympics
participant of	Todomondo represented Romania at the Eurovision Song Contest 2007 with their song ``Liubi, Liubi, I love you''.	Todomondo	Eurovision Song Contest 2007
participant of	Maria Scutti is a former Italian paralympic athlete, that won 15 medals (10 gold) at the 1960 Summer Paralympics.	Maria Scutti	1960 Summer Paralympics
participant of	Gordana Perkučin (born May 7, 1962 in Novi Kneževac) is a Yugoslav table tennis player who competed in the 1988 Summer Olympics and in the 1992 Summer Olympics.	Gordana Perkučin	1988 Summer Olympics	1992 Summer Olympics
participant of	Percy Hodge (26 December 1890 -- 27 December 1967) was a British athlete, winner of the 3000 m steeplechase at the 1920 Summer Olympics.	Percy Hodge	1920 Summer Olympics
participant of	Natalya Akhrimenko (Russian: Наталья Ахрименко; born May 12, 1955 in Novokuybyshevsk, Samara Oblast) is a retired track and field shot putter from Russia, best known for competing at the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow, USSR.	Natalya Akhrimenko	1980 Summer Olympics
participant of	Erik von Holst (born 30 August 1894, in Vaivara Parish, Estonia - died 31 May 1962 in Eutin, West Germany) was an Estonian/German sailor and ice sailor who represented Estonia in the 1936 Summer Olympics in the men's olympic monotype class.	Erik von Holst	1936 Summer Olympics
participant of	Peter Wespi (March 22, 1943 -- October 5, 2015) was a Swiss professional ice hockey player who represented the Swiss national team at the 1964 Winter Olympics.	Peter Wespi	1964 Winter Olympics
participant of	Julio César León (born 2 February 1925) is a former cyclist from Venezuela who competed at the 1948 Summer Olympics in London.	Julio César León	1948 Summer Olympics
participant of	Tobias Kreuzmann (born 15 June 1981 in Duisburg) is a German water polo player who competed in the 2004 Summer Olympics and in the 2008 Summer Olympics.	Tobias Kreuzmann	2004 Summer Olympics	2008 Summer Olympics
participant of	Burhan Conkeroğlu (1903 -- January 2001) was a Turkish wrestler who competed at the 1928 Summer Olympics.	Burhan Conkeroğlu	1928 Summer Olympics
participant of	Ralf Salzmann (born February 6, 1955 in Kassel, Hesse) is a former long-distance runner from Germany, who represented West Germany in the men's marathon at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles, California.	Ralf Salzmann	1984 Summer Olympics
participant of	Nataliya Bystrova (Russian: Наталья Быстрова; born 23 June 1947) is a retired Soviet swimmer who won a bronze medal in the 4×100 m medley relay at the 1964 Summer Olympics.	Nataliya Bystrova	1964 Summer Olympics
participant of	Piero Rebaudengo (born September 13, 1958) is an Italian former volleyball player who competed in the 1984 Summer Olympics.	Piero Rebaudengo	1984 Summer Olympics
participant of	Mélanie Cohl (born 4 January 1982 in Tournai, Belgium) is a Belgian singer who represented her country in the Eurovision Song Contest 1998 with the song ``Dis oui'', written by Philippe Swan and scored 6th place.	Mélanie Cohl	Eurovision Song Contest 1998
participant of	Jerzy Pławczyk (April 16, 1911 -- after 1995) was a Polish athlete who competed at 1932 and 1936 Summer Olympics.	Jerzy Pławczyk	1936 Summer Olympics
participant of	Viktor Miroshnichenko (Russian: Виктор Мирошниченко; born December 1, 1959 in Donetsk, Ukrainian SSR) is a retired boxer, who represented the USSR at the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow, Soviet Union.	Viktor Miroshnichenko	1980 Summer Olympics
participant of	A member of Çankaya Belediyesi Görme Engelliler Sport Club, Mehmet Cesur played in Turkey's national team at the 2012 Summer Paralympics, which became bronze medalist.	Mehmet Cesur	2012 Summer Paralympics
participant of	Sutan Anwar (born 21 March 1914, date of death unknown) was an Indonesian football midfielder who played for the Dutch East Indies in the 1938 FIFA World Cup.	Sutan Anwar	1938 FIFA World Cup
participant of	Zoe Ann Olsen-Jensen (née Olsen, born February 11, 1931) is an American diver who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics and in the 1952 Summer Olympics.	Zoe Ann Olsen-Jensen	1948 Summer Olympics	1952 Summer Olympics
participant of	Chris Hibbert (born 29 April 1976) is a South African former field hockey player who competed in the 2004 Summer Olympics and in the 2008 Summer Olympics.	Chris Hibbert	2004 Summer Olympics	2008 Summer Olympics
participant of	Luigi De Manincor (July 14, 1910 -- February 13, 1986) was an Italian sailor who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics and in the 1948 Summer Olympics.	Luigi De Manincor	1948 Summer Olympics
participant of	Sergio López Miró (born August 15, 1968) is a former international top swimmer from Spain, who won the bronze medal in the 200 meters breaststroke at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul.	Sergio López Miró	1988 Summer Olympics
participant of	Charles Wade Bell (born January 3, 1945) is a former middle distance runner from the United States, who competed at the 1968 Summer Olympics in Mexico City.	Wade Bell	1968 Summer Olympics
participant of	Ilya Savelev (Russian: Илья Савельев, born 10 June 1971 in Moscow) is a Russian volleyball player who competed in the 2000 Summer Olympics.	Ilya Savelev	2000 Summer Olympics
participant of	Mihály Mayer (December 27, 1933 -- September 4, 2000) was a Hungarian water polo player who competed in the 1956 Summer Olympics, in the 1960 Summer Olympics, in the 1964 Summer Olympics, and in the 1968 Summer Olympics.	Mihály Mayer	1956 Summer Olympics	1960 Summer Olympics	1964 Summer Olympics	1968 Summer Olympics
participant of	Giustina Demetz (born 27 April 1941) is an Italian former alpine skier who competed at the 1964 and 1968 Winter Olympics in the downhill, slalom and giant slalom events.	Giustina Demetz	1968 Winter Olympics
participant of	Lyudmila Gudz (Russian: Людмила Гудзь, born September 10, 1969) is a Russian handball player who competed for the Unified Team in the 1992 Summer Olympics.	Lyudmila Gudz	1992 Summer Olympics
participant of	Benedicto Godoy Véizaga (dates of birth and death unknown) is a Bolivian football forward who played for Bolivia in the 1950 FIFA World Cup.	Benedicto Godoy Véizaga	1950 FIFA World Cup
participant of	Pieter Keijzer (born April 10, 1949, in Amsterdam) is a sailor from the Netherlands, who represented his country at the 1976 Summer Olympics in Kingston, Canada.	Pieter Keijzer	1976 Summer Olympics
participant of	Kálmán Marvalits (29 July 1901 in Nagykanizsa -- 1 January 1982 in Siófok) was a Hungarian athlete who competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics and in the 1928 Summer Olympics.	Kálmán Marvalits	1924 Summer Olympics	1928 Summer Olympics
participant of	František Brzák (April 16, 1915 -- 2006) was a Czech canoer who competed for Czechoslovakia in the 1936 Summer Olympics.	František Brzák	1936 Summer Olympics
participant of	Dunky Wright (Duncan MacLeod Wright; 22 September 1896 -- 21 August 1976) was a Scottish athlete who competed for Great Britain in the 1924 Summer Olympics, in the 1928 Summer Olympics, and in the 1932 Summer Olympics.	Dunky Wright	1924 Summer Olympics	1928 Summer Olympics	1932 Summer Olympics
participant of	Gelindo Bordin (born 2 April 1959) is an Italian former athlete, winner of the marathon race at the 1988 Summer Olympics.	Gelindo Bordin	1988 Summer Olympics
participant of	Fabrizio Rampazzo (born 7 April 1963) is an Italian former swimmer who competed in the 1980 Summer Olympics, in the 1984 Summer Olympics, and in the 1988 Summer Olympics.	Fabrizio Rampazzo	1980 Summer Olympics	1984 Summer Olympics	1988 Summer Olympics
participant of	Cornelis Johannes Martijn van Geemen (born December 15, 1971, in Purmerend) is a sailor from the Netherlands, who represented his country for the first time at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Savannah.	Martijn van Geemen	1996 Summer Olympics
participant of	Sadat Tebazaalwa (born October 23, 1985) is a boxer from Uganda, who participated in the 2004 Summer Olympics for his country.	Sadat Tebazaalwa	2004 Summer Olympics
participant of	Christine Mummhardt (née Walther, born December 27, 1951) is a German former volleyball player who competed for East Germany in the 1976 Summer Olympics and in the 1980 Summer Olympics.	Christine Mummhardt	1976 Summer Olympics	1980 Summer Olympics
participant of	Harold Weber (March 20, 1882 -- November 7, 1933) was an American golfer who competed in the 1904 Summer Olympics.	Harold Weber	1904 Summer Olympics
participant of	Valentino Gallo (born 17 July 1985) is an Italian water polo player who competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics and 2012 Summer Olympics.	Valentino Gallo	2008 Summer Olympics
participant of	At the national team level, Darío Jara Saguier was part of the Paraguay squad that competed in the 1950 FIFA World Cup in Brazil.	Darío Jara Saguier	1950 FIFA World Cup
participant of	Karl Edmund Lindmark (6 July 1894 -- 11 February 1968) was a Swedish gymnast and diver who participated in the 1920, 1924 and 1928 Summer Olympics.	Edmund Lindmark	1928 Summer Olympics
participant of	Falk Hoffmann (born August 29, 1952 in Chemnitz) is a retired diver from East Germany, who won the gold medal in the men's 10 m platform event at the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow, Soviet Union.	Falk Hoffmann	1980 Summer Olympics
participant of	Xandee is a stage name of Sandy Boets (born 18 December 1978 in Tienen), Flemish singer who represented Belgium at the Eurovision Song Contest 2004.	Xandee	Eurovision Song Contest 2004
participant of	Miyako Yamashita (Japanese: 山下 美弥子; born December 6, 1962) is a Japanese former volleyball player who competed in the 1988 Summer Olympics.	Miyako Yamashita	1988 Summer Olympics
participant of	Mostafa Taha (Arabic: مصطفى طه‎) (born 23 March 1910-date of death unknown) was an Egyptian football forward who played for Egypt in the 1934 FIFA World Cup.	Mostafa Taha	1934 FIFA World Cup
participant of	Harry Sundberg (9 January 1898 -- 16 May 1945) was a Swedish football player who competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics.	Harry Sundberg	1924 Summer Olympics
participant of	Sandro Montefusco (born 2 December 1958) is an Italian yacht racer who competed in the 1988 Summer Olympics and in the 1992 Summer Olympics.	Sandro Montefusco	1988 Summer Olympics
participant of	Meleti Ross Melehes (born 7 January 1977 in Guelph, Canada) is a Greek baseball player who competed in the 2004 Summer Olympics.	Meleti Ross Melehes	2004 Summer Olympics
participant of	Yeo Kab-soon (Hangul: 여갑순; born May 8, 1974) is a South Korea sport shooter who competed in the 1992 Summer Olympics.	Yeo Kab-soon	1992 Summer Olympics
participant of	Hugh Jack (born 19 December 1929) is an Australian former long jumper who competed in the 1956 Summer Olympics.	Hugh Jack	1956 Summer Olympics
participant of	Ilija Ničić (21 July 1922 -- 27 April 2014) was a Serbian sport shooter who competed in the 50 metre pistol event at the 1960 Summer Olympics.	Ilija Ničić	1960 Summer Olympics
participant of	Zhu Jie (born 30 January 1978) is a Chinese handball player who competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics.	Zhu Jie	2008 Summer Olympics
participant of	Erica Wu (born May 15, 1996) is an American table tennis player who competed in the 2012 Summer Olympics in London.	Erica Wu	2012 Summer Olympics
participant of	Nathalie Giguère (born January 16, 1973) is a former breaststroke swimmer from Canada, who competed for her native country at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona, Spain.	Nathalie Giguère	1992 Summer Olympics
participant of	Gian Matteo Ranzi (born 31 January 1948) is a retired Italian lightzeight wrestler who won a bronze medal at the 1972 Summer Olympics in Greco-Roman wrestling.	Gian Matteo Ranzi	1972 Summer Olympics
participant of	Shalaya Kipp (born August 19, 1990 in Salt Lake City, Utah) is an American middle distance runner who has made the U.S. Olympic team for the 2012 Summer Olympics in the 3000 meter steeplechase.	Shalaya Kipp	2012 Summer Olympics
participant of	William Ellicott (1856 -- 25 April 1933) was a British sport shooter who competed at the 1908 Summer Olympics and the 1920 Summer Olympics.	William Ellicott	1920 Summer Olympics
participant of	Karl Oloph Granath (born October 17, 1951 in Kolsva) is a former ice speed skater from Sweden, who represented his native country at the 1980 Winter Olympics in Lake Placid, United States.	Oloph Granath	1980 Winter Olympics
participant of	Martín Vargas Fuentes (born January 24, 1955 in Osorno) is a former boxer from Chile, who represented his native country at the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich, West Germany.	Martín Vargas	1972 Summer Olympics
participant of	Nam Sung-yong (November 23, 1912 -- February 20, 2001) was a Korean Olympian who won a bronze medal in the marathon at the 1936 Summer Olympics, completing the run in 2 hours, 31 minutes, and 42 seconds.	Nam Sung-yong	1936 Summer Olympics
participant of	Jean Séphériadès (2 January 1922 - 21 August 2001) was a French rower who competed at the 1948 Summer Olympics.	Jean Séphériadès	1948 Summer Olympics
participant of	Lloyd Murad (born 9 April 1933) is a retired Venezuelan sprinter who competed in the 1960 Summer Olympics and in the 1964 Summer Olympics.	Lloyd Murad	1960 Summer Olympics	1964 Summer Olympics
participant of	Hana Říčná (born 20 December 1968, in Brno) is a former artistic gymnast that represented Czechoslovakia at the 1988 Summer Olympics, finishing seventh in the team final and 29th in the all-around final.	Hana Říčná	1988 Summer Olympics
participant of	Lou Jiahui (born May 26, 1991) is a Chinese football (soccer) player who competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics.	Lou Jiahui	2008 Summer Olympics
participant of	Leo Pinto (11 April 1914 -- 10 August 2010) was a field hockey goalkeeper from India, who won the gold medal with the Indian national team at the 1948 Summer Olympics in London.	Leo Pinto	1948 Summer Olympics
participant of	Marita Sandig (later Gasch, born 4 April 1958) is a German rower who won a gold medal in the eights at the 1980 Summer Olympics.	Marita Sandig	1980 Summer Olympics
participant of	Johnny Piechnik (November 10, 1951 -- August 7, 2006) was a Danish handball player who competed in the 1976 Summer Olympics.	Johnny Piechnik	1976 Summer Olympics
participant of	Gregor Vietz (born June 26, 1890 in Berlin, date of death unknown) was a German track and field athlete who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics.	Gregor Vietz	1912 Summer Olympics
participant of	Erland Koch (3 January 1867 -- 29 April 1945) was a German sports shooter who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics.	Erland Koch	1912 Summer Olympics
participant of	Maurice Fournier (born 18 January 1933) is a French former high jumper who competed in the 1956 Summer Olympics and in the 1960 Summer Olympics.	Maurice Fournier	1956 Summer Olympics	1960 Summer Olympics
participant of	On 5 August 2012, Asafa Powell ran in the final of the 100 m race at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, United Kingdom.	Asafa Powell	2012 Summer Olympics
participant of	Joseph Ventaja (February 4, 1930 -- August 11, 2003) was a French boxer who won the bronze medal in the featherweight division at the 1952 Summer Olympics in Helsinki.	Joseph Ventaja	1952 Summer Olympics
participant of	Marlon Fluonia (born September 26, 1964 in Willemstad, Curacao) is a Dutch baseball player who represented the Netherlands at the 1996 Summer Olympics.	Marlon Fluonia	1996 Summer Olympics
participant of	Carsten Bunk (born February 29, 1960) is a German rower who competed for East Germany in the 1980 Summer Olympics.	Carsten Bunk	1980 Summer Olympics
participant of	Hayk ``Hayko'' Hakobyan (Armenian: Հայկ Հակոբյան) (born 1977) is an Armenian singer who won Armenia's national selection for the Eurovision Song Contest 2007 in Helsinki.	Hayko	Eurovision Song Contest 2007
participant of	An Qi was also included in the Chinese national squad that played during the 2002 FIFA World Cup, however he did not feature in any of the games.	An Qi	2002 FIFA World Cup
participant of	Jože Brodnik (born 26 April 1936 in Šmarje pri Jelšah) is a Slovenian former decathlete who competed in the 1960 Summer Olympics.	Jože Brodnik	1960 Summer Olympics
participant of	Karel Neffe (born July 6, 1948) is a Czech rower who competed for Czechoslovakia in the 1972 Summer Olympics, in the 1976 Summer Olympics, and in the 1980 Summer Olympics.	Karel Neffe	1972 Summer Olympics	1976 Summer Olympics	1980 Summer Olympics
participant of	Ferenc Jesina (Slovak: František Ješina, born August 19, 1887, date of death unknown) was a Slovak track and field athlete who competed for Hungary in the 1908 Summer Olympics.	Ferenc Jesina	1908 Summer Olympics
participant of	Lindita Kodra (born May 11, 1962) is an Albanian shooter who represented her country in the 10m air pistol and 25m pistol events at the 2008 Summer Olympics.	Lindita Kodra	2008 Summer Olympics
participant of	Ludwig Hinterstocker (born 11 April 1931 in Traunstein) is a German former footballer who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics.	Ludwig Hinterstocker	1952 Summer Olympics
participant of	Lucia Medzihradská (born 14 November 1968 in Brezno) is a Slovak former alpine skier who competed for Czechoslovakia in the 1988 Winter Olympics, 1992 Winter Olympics, and 1994 Winter Olympics.	Lucia Medzihradská	1988 Winter Olympics	1992 Winter Olympics	1994 Winter Olympics
participant of	Natalya Glebova (née Shive, Russian: Наталья Глебова, née Шиве, born 30 April 1963) is a Russian speed skater who competed for the Soviet Union in the 1984 and 1988 Winter Olympics.	Natalya Glebova	1988 Winter Olympics
participant of	Erica Udén Johansson (born 20 July 1989) is a Swedish ice hockey player that competed in the 2010 Winter Olympics for the Swedish national team.	Erica Udén Johansson	2010 Winter Olympics
place of birth	Ayna Sultanova (née Musabeyova) was born in 1895 in the village of Pirəbədil, 15 kilometres east of the modern-day city of Shabran.	Ayna Sultanova	Pirəbədil
place of birth	Ludovic Bource (French pronunciation: ​(ly.do.vik buʁs); born 19 August 1970 in Pontivy) is a French composer best known for his work in film scoring.	Ludovic Bource	Pontivy
place of birth	Vincent Garos (born June 1, 1982 in Nantes) is a retired French sailor, who specialized in two-person dinghy (470) class.	Vincent Garos	Nantes
place of birth	George Vecsey (born July 4, 1939 in Jamaica, Queens) is an American non-fiction author and sports columnist for The New York Times.	George Vecsey	Queens
place of birth	Deringer was born in Easton, Pennsylvania on October 26, 1786 to colonial gunsmith Henry Deringer Senior (1756-1833) and Catherine McQuety (1759--1829).	Henry Deringer	Pennsylvania
place of birth	Laszlo Halasz (6 June 1905 in Debrecen -- 26 October 2001 in Port Washington, New York) was an American opera director, conductor, and pianist of Hungarian birth.	Laszlo Halasz	Debrecen
place of birth	Eleanor Dark was born in Sydney, the second of three children of the poet, writer and parliamentarian Dowell Philip O'Reilly and his wife, Eleanor McCulloch O'Reilly.	Eleanor Dark	Sydney
place of birth	Yagyū Jūbei Mitsuyoshi (born ``Shichirō'') grew up in his family's ancestral lands, Yagyū no Sato, now in Nara.	Yagyū Jūbei Mitsuyoshi	Nara
place of birth	Noah Syndergaard was born to Heidi, an Abbott Laboratories employee, and Brad Syndergaard, an ``Iowa farmboy'', in Mansfield, Texas, outside of Fort Worth.	Noah Syndergaard	Mansfield
place of birth	Han Moo-sook was born October 25, 1918 in Seoul and graduated from Pusan Girls'' High School.	Han Moo-sook	Seoul
place of birth	Lutricia McNeal (born November 27, 1973 in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma) is an American soul/pop singer.	Lutricia McNeal	Oklahoma City
place of birth	Sarath Kumara de Silva is the Chairman Cey-Nor Foundation Limited and former Chairman of State Engineering Corporation (SEC) in Sri Lanka	Sarath Kumara de Silva	Sri Lanka
place of birth	Joost Berman was born in Ouwerkerk as the son of Maarten Berman (1769--1832) en Geertruida der Weduwen (1772?--1844).	Joost Berman	Ouwerkerk
place of birth	Caroline Vasicek (born August 19, 1974 in Vienna) is an Austrian actress and musical actress.	Caroline Vasicek	Vienna
place of birth	Joseph Watt was born in 1887 in the Scottish fishing village of Gardenstown on the Moray Firth, into the large family of Joseph Sr. and Helen Watt.	Joseph Watt	Gardenstown
place of birth	Nasir El Kasmi (born 2 October 1982 in Wuppertal, Germany) is a Moroccan football player who is currently a free agent.	Nasir El Kasmi	Wuppertal
place of birth	Oleksandr Sin (Ukrainian: Олександр Чєнсанович Сін; born on April 12, 1961 in Ordzhonikidze, Ukrainian SSR) is an Ukrainian politician who was Mayor of Zaporizhia from late 2010 till late 2015.	Oleksandr Sin	Ordzhonikidze
place of birth	Dinah Dinwiddie (born March 18, 1959 in Texas) is an American writer of romance novels as Julia London.	Julia London	Texas
place of birth	Butler was born in Granite City, Illinois, to Robert Olen Butler Sr., an actor and theater professor who became the chairman of the theater department of Saint Louis University, and his wife, the former Lucille Frances Hall, an executive secretary.	Robert Olen Butler	Granite City
place of birth	Joseph Hubert McGuire (January 21, 1866 -- April 28, 1947) was an American architect practicing in New York City, where he specialized in Catholic churches and institutions.	Joseph Hubert McGuire	New York City
place of birth	Born to Max and Emma Edson in Cincinnati, Ohio, Gus Edson dropped out of school at age 17 to join the Army, serving in Australia in 1918.	Gus Edson	Cincinnati
place of birth	Born at Patti, Sicily, of poor parents, Michele Sindona was educated by the Jesuits, showing very early in his life an unusual aptitude for mathematics and economics.	Michele Sindona	Patti
place of birth	Nicholas Tse a.k.a. Tse Ting-fung, Chinese: 謝霆鋒, (born 29 August 1980) is a Hong Kong actor, singer, songwriter, musician, entrepreneur, and martial artist.	Nicholas Tse	Hong Kong
place of birth	Andrei Codrescu (born December 20, 1946, in Sibiu) is a Romanian-born American poet, novelist, essayist, screenwriter, and commentator for National Public Radio.	Andrei Codrescu	Sibiu
place of birth	Didier Henriette (born December 6, 1985 in Saint-Denis, Réunion) is a French professional racing cyclist who was active as an elite track cyclists between 2003 and 2008.	Didier Henriette	Saint-Denis
place of birth	Ron Grzywinski is a community development banker from Chicago, and one of four founders of ShoreBank.	Ron Grzywinski	Chicago
place of birth	Münir Göle is a photographer and Turkish writer, born in 1961 in Istanbul, who lives and works in Geneva.	Münir Göle	Istanbul
place of birth	Alma Thomas was born the eldest of four children to John Harris Thomas, a businessman, and Amelia Cantey Thomas, a dress designer, in Columbus, Georgia, 1891.	Alma Thomas	Columbus
place of birth	Born March 13, 1916, Jacque Fresco grew up in a Sephardi Jewish home in Bensonhurst in the Brooklyn borough of New York City.	Jacque Fresco	Brooklyn
place of birth	Ali Kalantari (Persian: علی کلانتری‎, born 21 March 1968 in Shiraz) is a former Iranian football player and now coach who is currently head coach of Fajr Sepasi.	Ali Kalantari	Shiraz
place of birth	Clinton Derricks-Carroll (born May 15, 1953 in Knoxville, Tennessee) is an American actor and musician.	Clinton Derricks-Carroll	Knoxville
place of birth	Tony Bobbitt played alongside NBA player Vince Carter at Daytona Beach Mainland High School, where he graduated in 1999.	Tony Bobbitt	Daytona Beach
place of birth	In 2010, Megan Leslie gave the first Varpu Lindström lecture, an annual event created in honour of Professor Varpu Lindström, a history researcher at York University (Toronto).	Megan Leslie	Toronto
place of birth	Brice Jovial (born 25 January 1984 in Aubervilliers) is a French football striker who currently plays for Wuhan Zall and for the Guadeloupe national football team.	Brice Jovial	Aubervilliers
place of birth	Hazel Forbes (November 26, 1910 -- November 19, 1980) was an American dancer and actress from Gettysburg, South Dakota.	Hazel Forbes	Gettysburg, South Dakota
place of birth	Haluk Kırcı (born in 1958, Erzurum) is a Turkish militant, who was involved in the Susurluk scandal.	Haluk Kırcı	Erzurum
place of birth	Žarko Kujundžiski (Or: Zarko Kujundziski; Macedonian: Жарко Кујунџиски) (born May 19, 1980 in Skopje, Republic of Macedonia) is a Macedonian novelist and playwright.	Zarko Kujundziski	Skopje
place of birth	Merikukka Forsius (born August 12, 1972, in Helsinki) is a Finnish politician and former member of the Finnish Parliament, representing the centre-right National Coalition Party (Kokoomus).	Merikukka Forsius	Helsinki
place of birth	Thaila Ayala Sales (born April 14, 1986, in Presidente Prudente) is a Brazilian actress and model.	Thaila Ayala	Presidente Prudente
place of birth	Alexandru Crețu (born 24 April 1992 in Pașcani) is a Romanian professional footballer who plays for CSMS Iași, as a centre back or as a defensive midfielder.	Alexandru Crețu	Pașcani
place of birth	Heike Schulte-Mattler, née Schmidt (born 27 May 1958 in Oberhausen) is a German athlete who competed mainly in the 400 metres.	Heike Schulte-Mattler	Oberhausen
place of birth	Ronald Ivelaw-Chapman was born in British Guiana to a successful merchant.	Ronald Ivelaw-Chapman	British Guiana
place of birth	Yolanda Castaño Pereira (Santiago de Compostela, 1977) is a Galician painter, literacy critic and poet.	Yolanda Castaño	Santiago de Compostela
place of birth	Katarzyna Helena Kowałeczko Henríquez (Santiago, 2 October of 1964), better known as Katty Kowaleczko or Katty Ko, is a Chilean actress of Polish ancestry.	Katty Kowaleczko	Santiago
place of birth	Marc Sluszny (born in Antwerp, February 1, 1962) is an adventurer, sportsman, keynote speaker, mental coach and author.	Marc Sluszny	Antwerp
place of birth	Jan van der Hoeven came from a wealthy family of merchants in Rotterdam.	Jan van der Hoeven	Rotterdam
place of birth	Maurice Cox (born 1 October 1959) is an English former professional footballer who played as a striker for Torquay United and Huddersfield Town.	Maurice Cox	Torquay
place of birth	László Zarándi (born 10 June 1929 in Kiskunfélegyháza) was a Hungarian athlete who mainly competed in the 100 metres.	László Zarándi	Kiskunfélegyháza
place of birth	Giuseppe Vatinno (Rome, April 3, 1961) is an Italian politician, journalist and writer.	Giuseppe Vatinno	Rome
place of birth	Mourad Meziane (Arabic: مراد مزيان‎) (born April 21, 1964 in Oran) is a former Algerian international football player.	Mourad Meziane	Oran
place of birth	John Knapp-Fisher was born in 1931, the son of Arthur Bedford Knapp-Fisher, Professor of Architecture at London's Royal College of Art. John was educated at the Maidstone College of Art where he studied graphic design.	John Knapp-Fisher	London
place of birth	Ann Elder (born Anna Velders September 21, 1942, in Cleveland, Ohio) is an American Emmy Award-winning screenwriter.	Ann Elder	Cleveland
place of birth	Liu Shangkun (Chinese: 刘尚坤; born 29 January 1992 in Liaoning) is a Chinese football player who currently plays for Chinese Super League side Liaoning Whowin.	Liu Shangkun	Liaoning
place of birth	Grant Wahl (born 1974 in Mission, Kansas) is an American sports journalist who is best known for being a writer for Sports Illustrated.	Grant Wahl	Mission, Kansas
place of birth	Ronald F. Maxwell is an independent film director and writer from Clifton, New Jersey.	Ronald F. Maxwell	Clifton
place of birth	Philip Doddridge was born in London the last of the twenty children of Daniel Doddridge (d 1715), a dealer in oils and pickles.	Philip Doddridge	London
place of birth	Temple Lea Houston was the only one of the Houstons' eight children to be born in the Texas governor's residence in Austin.	Temple Lea Houston	Austin
place of birth	Salman Agah was born in Washington, D.C. to Persian and Azeri parents.	Salman Agah	Washington, D.C.
place of birth	Petr Voříšek (born 19 March 1979, Děčín, Czechoslovakia) is a Czech footballer who currently plays for Austrian club SV Wallern.	Petr Voříšek	Děčín
place of birth	Roekiah was born in Bandoeng (now known as Bandung), West Java, Dutch East Indies, in 1917 to Mohammad Ali and Ningsih, actors with the Opera Poesi Indra Bangsawan troupe;	Roekiah	Bandung
place of birth	Marcus Loew was born in New York City into a poor Polish Jewish family who had settled in New York City the year before.	Marcus Loew	New York City
place of birth	Stijn Devolder (born 29 August 1979 in Kortrijk, West Flanders) is a Belgian professional road bicycle racer, riding for UCI ProTeam Trek--	Stijn Devolder	Kortrijk
place of birth	Stefan Thomas Possony (March 15, 1913 in Vienna -- April 26, 1995) was an Austrian-born U.S. economist and military strategist who conceived the U.S. Strategic Defense Initiative, popularly known as Star Wars, after the successful science fiction film series.	Stefan Thomas Possony	Vienna
place of birth	Randy Cartwright (born October 31, 1951 in Virginia) is an American animator.	Randy Cartwright	Virginia
place of birth	Charles Burney was born at Raven Street in Shrewsbury, fourth of six children of James Macburney (1678--1749), a musician, dancer and portrait painter, and his second wife Ann (nee Cooper) (c1690-1775).	Charles Burney	Shrewsbury
place of birth	Hafeez Contractor was born in Mumbai in a Parsi family.	Hafeez Contractor	Mumbai
place of birth	Born in Champaign, Illinois, Ludacris moved to Atlanta, Georgia at age nine, where he began rapping.	Ludacris	Champaign
place of birth	Blago Zadro was born in the small village of Donji Mamići near Grude in Herzegovina.	Blago Zadro	Donji Mamići
place of birth	Milan Perić (Serbian Cyrillic: Милан Перић ; born April 16, 1986 in Čačak) is a Serbian footballer currently for Serbian Superliga side FK Donji Srem.	Milan Perić	Čačak
place of birth	Volodymyr Chemerys (Ukrainian: Володимир Володимирович Чемерис) (born October 19, 1962 in Konotop) is a Ukrainian politician and human rights activist.	Volodymyr Chemerys	Konotop
place of birth	Ivonne Guzmán (born September 10, 1984, in Bogotá, Colombia) is a Colombian singer-songwriter, composer and actress.	Ivonne Guzmán	Bogotá
place of birth	John Joseph Briggs (6 March 1819 -- 23 March 1876), naturalist and topographer, was born in the village of Kings Newton (or King's Newton), Derbyshire on 6 March 1819.	John Joseph Briggs	Kings Newton
place of birth	Raised in Portland, Maine, Jason Ricci is the son of Joseph Ricci (co-founder of Elan School), and his first wife Cheryl Benton.	Jason Ricci	Portland
place of birth	Mounir Dob (born February 1, 1974 in Algiers) is a retired Algerian football player who played as a forward.	Mounir Dob	Algiers
place of birth	Dmitry Kozonchuk (Russian: Дмитрий Козончук; born 5 April 1984 in Voronezh) is a Russian professional road bicycle racer for Team Katusha.	Dmitry Kozonchuk	Voronezh
place of birth	Ahmed Hajeri (November 16, 1948- in Tazerka) is a Tunisian painter.	Ahmed Hajeri	Tazerka
place of birth	Luisa Capetillo (October 28, 1879 -- October 10, 1922) was one of Puerto Rico's most famous labor organizers.	Luisa Capetillo	Puerto Rico
place of birth	Nigel Osborne MBE, FRCM (born 23 June 1948 Manchester, Lancashire, England of Scottish parents) is a British composer.	Nigel Osborne	Manchester
place of birth	Steve Railsback (born November 16, 1945) is an American theatre, film and television actor, born in Dallas, Texas.	Steve Railsback	Dallas
place of birth	Jure Golčer (born July 12, 1977 in Maribor) is a Slovenian professional road bicycle racer for Felbermayr-Simplon Wels.	Jure Golčer	Maribor
place of birth	René de Cárdenas is a Cuban dancer and choreographer born in Havana.	René de Cárdenas	Havana
place of birth	Robert Szpak (born 31 December 1989 in Kołobrzeg) is a Polish athlete, who specialises in the javelin throw.	Robert Szpak	Kołobrzeg
place of birth	Wolfgang Mitterer (born 6 June 1958 in Lienz, East Tyrol) is an Austrian composer and musician (organ, keyboard).	Wolfgang Mitterer	Lienz
place of birth	Robson Alves da Silva, known as Robson, (born November 3, 1986 in Rio de Janeiro) is a Brazilian footballer who currently plays for Marília Atlético Clube.	Robson Alves da Silva	Rio de Janeiro
place of birth	Frédéric Benoît Victoire Jullien (13 April 1785, Lapalud - 28 August 1825, Lapalud) was a French officer.	Frédéric Benoît Victoire Jullien	Lapalud
place of birth	Serge Torsarkissian (also spelled Tour-Sarkissian) (in Arabic سيرج طورسركيسيان, in Armenian Սերժ Թորսարգիսեան ) is a Lebanese member of parliament representing the Armenian Catholic seat in Beirut.	Serge Torsarkissian	Beirut
place of birth	António Carreira (Lisbon, ca. 1520-30 - Lisbon, ca. 1597) was a Portuguese composer and organist of the Renaissance.	António Carreira	Lisbon
place of birth	Victor Hugo Halperin (August 24, 1895, Chicago, Illinois -- May 17, 1983, Bentonville, Arkansas) was an American stage actor, stage director, film director, producer, and writer.	Victor Hugo Halperin	Chicago
place of birth	Pavlo Lapshyn is the son of Sergey Lapshyn, a university lecturer, and is from Dnipropetrovsk.	Pavlo Lapshyn	Dnipropetrovsk
place of birth	Karate Gojū-ryū by the Cat Tokyo, Japan (1963), Gōgen Yamaguchi was born on January 20 in 1909 in Miyakonojō Shonai, Miyazaki Prefecture, Japan, near Kagoshima City on the island of Kyūshū.	Gōgen Yamaguchi	Kagoshima
place of birth	Meir Nakar was born in Jerusalem to a poor Orthodox-Jewish family of Iraqi-Jewish origin, one of five brothers and a sister.	Meir Nakar	Jerusalem
place of birth	Consuelo Mack (born November 30, 1949 in New York, New York) is an American business news journalist and host of WealthTrack, a nationally syndicated business news program presented by WLIW-TV in New York City and aired weekly, primarily on PBS-TV station affiliates.	Consuelo Mack	New York City
place of birth	Peter Öttl (born 24 March 1965 in Berchtesgaden) is a German former Grand Prix motorcycle road racer.	Peter Öttl	Berchtesgaden
place of birth	Katarína Macová (born February 19, 1986 in Bratislava, Czechoslovakia) is a Slovak slalom canoeist who has competed since the mid-2000s.	Katarína Macová	Bratislava
place of birth	Gabriela Bertante (born 7 May 1989 in Matias Barbosa, Minas Gerais) is a Brazilian Model who has appeared in Indian films.	Gabriela Bertante	Matias Barbosa
place of birth	Trevor McNevan (born July 17, 1978 in Peterborough, Ontario), also known as Teerawk, is a Canadian musician and lead singer/songwriter of Thousand Foot Krutch and pop punk side project FM Static along with Steve Augustine (the third Thousand Foot Krutch drummer).	Trevor McNevan	Peterborough
place of birth	Gerhard Limberg (7 July 1920 in in Eidinghausen near Minden -- 23 March 2006) was a German Air Force general.	Gerhard Limberg	Eidinghausen
place of birth	Robyne Robinson (born in Chicago, Illinois, 1961) is an award-winning American television journalist and entrepreneur.	Robyne Robinson	Chicago
place of birth	Li Chunman (Chinese: 李春满; Hangul: 이춘만; born 30 May 1962 in Yingkou) is a Chinese football manager and former football player of Korean descent.	Li Chunman	Yingkou
place of birth	Amir Kubura was born in the town of Kakanj in SR of Bosnia and Herzegovina of the SFR Yugoslavia on 4 March 1964.	Amir Kubura	Kakanj
place of birth	Surender Mohan Pathak (Hindi: सुरेन्द्र मोहन पाठक, Punjabi: ਸੁਰਿੰਦਰ ਮੋਹਨ ਪਾਠਕ) (born 19 February 1940 at Khemkaran, Amritsar, Punjab) is an author of Hindi-language crime fiction with nearly 300 novels to his credit.	Surender Mohan Pathak	Khemkaran
place of birth	Peter Arundell (Ilford, Essex, 8 November 1933 -- 16 June 2009) was a British racing driver from England, who raced in Formula One for the Lotus team.	Peter Arundell	Ilford
place of birth	Jovan Golić (Serbian Cyrillic: Joвaн Гoлић, born 18 September 1986 in Vlasenica) is a Bosnian Serb footballer playing for Kazakh side Taraz.	Jovan Golić	Vlasenica
place of birth	Ren Zhengfei (Chinese: 任正非; pinyin: Rèn Zhèngfēi; b. 1944 in Guizhou, China) is a Chinese businessman.	Ren Zhengfei	Guizhou
place of birth	Frank Vignola (born December 30, 1965 in Long Island) is an American jazz guitarist.	Frank Vignola	Long Island
place of birth	Danny Worsnop was born on 4 September 1990 in Beverley, England and grew up in the small village of Gilberdyke with his parents Philip and Sharon and his younger sister Kelly.	Danny Worsnop	England
place of birth	Luc Lafortune (born September 1958 in Montreal, Canada) is an award-winning lighting designer for the entertainment industry as well as one of the original designers of the world-renowned Cirque du Soleil.	Luc Lafortune	Montreal
place of birth	Adam Szostkiewicz (Polish pronunciation: (adam ʂɔstkʲɛvit͡ʂ); born 22 June 1952 in Częstochowa) is a Polish author, commentator on religion and politics, journalist and translator.	Adam Szostkiewicz	Częstochowa
place of birth	Jim Bohannon was born in Corvallis, Oregon, but moved with his parents to Lebanon, Missouri while still an infant.	Jim Bohannon	Corvallis
place of birth	Adolfo Mexiac (b. August 7, 1927 Cuto de la Esperanza, Michoacán) is a Mexican graphic artist who is known principally for is politically and socially themed work, especially with the Taller de Gráfica Popular and with fellow graphic artist Leopoldo Méndez.	Adolfo Mexiac	Michoacán
place of birth	Stephen Brunt (born March 20, 1959 in Hamilton, Ontario) is a Canadian sports journalist, well known as a leading columnist for The Globe and Mail and as co-host to Bob McCown on Prime Time Sports.	Stephen Brunt	Hamilton
place of birth	William F. Wu (born 1951 in Kansas City, Missouri) is a Chinese-American science fiction author.	William F. Wu	Kansas City
place of birth	Howard McGillin (born November 5, 1953 in Los Angeles, California) is a Tony-nominated stage, screen and television actor.	Howard McGillin	Los Angeles
place of birth	During her high school education at the Deutsche Schule Istanbul, Fatma Ceren Necipoğlu attended conservatories of Istanbul City and Istanbul University to learn playing harp.	Fatma Ceren Necipoğlu	Istanbul
place of birth	Alfred Duvaucel (1793, Évreux, Eure -- 1824, Madras, India) was a French naturalist and explorer.	Alfred Duvaucel	Évreux
place of birth	Pranas Kūris (born 20 August 1938 in Šeduva, Radviliškis district) is a Lithuanian lawyer.	Pranas Kūris	Šeduva
place of birth	Anjelica Huston was born in Santa Monica, California, and is the daughter of director and actor John Huston and Italian--	Anjelica Huston	Santa Monica
place of birth	Björn Thurau (born 23 July 1988 in Frankfurt am Main) is a German professional road racing cyclist who rides for Bora-Argon 18.	Björn Thurau	Frankfurt
place of birth	Georges Jean Louis Malençon (3 November 1898, Paris -- 31 July 1984, Valognes) was a French mycologist known for his investigations of fungi native to North Africa and the Iberian Peninsula.	Georges Jean Louis Malençon	Paris
place of birth	Friedrich Wilhelm Raiffeisen was born on 30 March 1818 at Hamm/Sieg (Westerwald).	Friedrich Wilhelm Raiffeisen	Hamm
place of birth	Ole Scheeren (born 1971, Karlsruhe) is a German architect and principal of Büro Ole Scheeren with offices in Beijing, Hong Kong and London and a visiting professor at the University of Hong Kong.	Ole Scheeren	Karlsruhe
place of birth	Reginald Fogwell (23 November 1893, Dartmouth, Devon -1977) was a British Film Director, producer and screenwriter.	Reginald Fogwell	Dartmouth
place of birth	Ekaterina Vinogradova (née Ivanova) (Belarusian: Кацярына Іванова, Russian: Екатерина Геннадьевна Иванова, Ekaterina G. Ivanova) (born September 3, 1977 in Novosibirsk) is a Russian-born biathlete and cross-country skier.	Ekaterina Vinogradova	Novosibirsk
place of birth	Frank Öivind Stefan Andersson, generally referred to as Frank Andersson (born 9 May 1956 in Trollhättan) is a Swedish retired amateur, retired professional wrestler and entertainer.	Frank Andersson	Trollhättan
place of birth	Gabriel Dussurget was born on January 1, 1904 in Aïn M'lila near Biskra in French Algeria.	Gabriel Dussurget	Aïn M'lila
place of birth	Julanne Johnston (May 1, 1900 -- December 26, 1988) was an American silent film actress born in Indianapolis, Indiana.	Julanne Johnston	Indianapolis
place of birth	Ysanne Spevack was raised in London, where she studied piano, violin and guitar.	Ysanne Spevack	London
place of birth	Leena Luhtanen (née Nikulainen; born February 12, 1941 in Kuopio) is a Finnish politician and a former member of the cabinet.	Leena Luhtanen	Kuopio
place of birth	Sunwoo Hwi was born on January 3, 1922 in Chongju, Pyeonganbuk-do, Korea (in what is now North Korea).	Sunwoo Hwi	Chongju
place of birth	Hugh Owen Thomas descended from a young boy who had been shipwrecked in Anglesey in 1745.	Hugh Owen Thomas	Anglesey
place of birth	Carmine Abbagnale (born January 5, 1962 in Pompei) is an Italian competition rower and Olympic champion.	Carmine Abbagnale	Pompei
place of birth	Ivan Buresh was born in Sofia, the capital of the Principality of Bulgaria, to the family of Czech zincographer and photographer Josef Bureš who had settled in Bulgaria after the Liberation in 1878.	Ivan Buresh	Sofia
place of birth	Bertrand Delanoë was born 30 May 1950 in Tunis, at that time a protectorate of the French colonial empire, to a French mother and a French-Tunisian father.	Bertrand Delanoë	Tunis
place of birth	Jose Mugrabi (Yosef Mugrabi) was born to a Syrian-Jewish family in Jerusalem.	Jose Mugrabi	Jerusalem
place of birth	Ann Compton (born January 19, 1947 in Chicago, Illinois) is an American former news reporter and White House correspondent for ABC News Radio.	Ann Compton	Chicago
place of birth	Alison King was born at Leicester Royal Infirmary to Alex and June King, who were both nurses at the hospital.	Alison King	Leicester
place of birth	Nicknamed the ``Mountain from Stone Mountain'', ``Crusher'' Jerry Blackwell began his career in the 1970s.	Jerry Blackwell	Stone Mountain
place of birth	Abd ar-Rahman IV Mortada (عبدالرحمن) was the Caliph of Córdoba in the Umayyad dynasty of the Al-Andalus, succeeding Suleiman II, in 1018.	Abd ar-Rahman IV	Córdoba
place of birth	Alexandros Terzian (born Alejandro Terzián on 24 June 1968 in Buenos Aires) is a retired Argentine-Greek sprinter.	Alexandros Terzian	Buenos Aires
place of birth	Serhiy Semenyuk (Ukrainian: Сергій Володимирович Семенюк; born as Ukrainian: Сергій Володимирович Заїка; born 27 January 1991 in Iziaslav, Khmelnytskyi Oblast, Ukrainian SSR) is a professional Ukrainian football midfielder who is currently playing for Dinamo Brest .	Serhiy Semenyuk	Iziaslav
place of birth	Norman Hobson (born 22 August 1933) is a former professional footballer who played as a right back for Shrewsbury Town.	Norman Hobson	Shrewsbury
place of birth	Irmtraud Morgner was born in 1933 in Chemnitz, the daughter of a railroad engineer.	Irmtraud Morgner	Chemnitz
place of birth	Eyre Crowe was born in Leipzig and educated at Düsseldorf and Berlin and in France.	Eyre Crowe	Leipzig
place of birth	Born in Shandong, China, Kara Hui moved to Hong Kong with her family as a toddler.	Kara Hui	Shandong
place of birth	Beside Marco Ruffo, at least three contemporary Italians had this nickname in Russia:	Marco Ruffo	Russia
place of birth	Andreas Heldal-Lund (born December 10, 1964 in Oslo) is a Norwegian anti-Scientology activist best known for operating the website Operation Clambake.	Andreas Heldal-Lund	Oslo
place of birth	Anne-Claire Coudray was born in Rennes in the department of Ille-et-Vilaine, and spent a part of her childhood in Locmariaquer, Morbihan, the native town of her maternal grandparents.	Anne-Claire Coudray	Rennes
place of birth	Anne Lagacé Dowson (born Toronto, Ontario) is a Canadian radio journalist.	Anne Lagacé Dowson	Toronto
place of birth	Marcin Lewandowski (born 13 June 1987 in Szczecin) is a Polish middle-distance runner who specializes in the 800 metres.	Marcin Lewandowski	Szczecin
place of birth	Scott Gorham (born William Scott Gorham, March 17, 1951, Glendale, California) is an American guitarist and songwriter who rose to international recognition as one of the twin lead guitarists of the Irish rock band, Thin Lizzy.	Scott Gorham	Glendale
place of birth	William High Keim (a nephew of George May Keim) was born near Reading, Pennsylvania.	William High Keim	Reading
place of birth	Samir Mallal (born in Halifax, Nova Scotia, Canada) is a filmmaker whose work touches commercials, virtual reality, and documentaries.	Samir Mallal	Halifax
place of birth	Abraham Beerstraaten (1643 in Amsterdam -- 1670s), was a Dutch Golden Age painter.	Abraham Beerstraaten	Amsterdam
place of birth	Heiðar Geir Júlíusson born (16 August 1987 in Akureyri) is an Icelandic footballer who plays as a midfielder.	Heiðar Geir Júlíusson	Akureyri
place of birth	Elita Veidemane (born December 9, 1955 in Riga) is a Latvian journalist, publicist and public worker.	Elita Veidemane	Riga
place of birth	Marco D'Altrui (25 April 1964 in Naples) is an Italian water polo player.	Marco D'Altrui	Naples
place of birth	Rabbi Yitzchak Yaacov Reines a descendant of Meir ben Isaac Katzenellenbogen, was born in Karolin (now a part of Pinsk, Belarus).	Yitzchak Yaacov Reines	Pinsk
place of birth	Raymond Steed, the son of steelworker Wilfred and his wife Olive (née Bright), was born on 1 October 1928, at Rimperley Terrace, St Mellons, Monmouthshire.	Raymond Steed	St Mellons
place of birth	Hendrik Godfried Duurkoop (5 May 1736, Dornum -- 27 July 1778, at sea) was a Dutch merchant-trader and VOC Opperhoofd in Japan.	Hendrik Godfried Duurkoop	Dornum
place of birth	Elizabeth Woodville was born about 1437, possibly in October, at Grafton Regis, Northamptonshire.	Elizabeth Woodville	Grafton Regis
place of birth	Raymond Briggs was born in Wimbledon, London, England, to parents Ernest and Ethel Briggs, a milkman and a former lady's maid-turned-housewife.	Raymond Briggs	Wimbledon
place of birth	Chui Man-kin (徐天佑, born May 16, 1983), better known as Chui Tien-you or Tien You or ``TY'', is an Hong Kong actor, singer, writer and director.	Chui Tien-you	Hong Kong
place of birth	Harley Cokeliss (born 1945) is an American director, producer, writer and actor born in San Diego.	Harley Cokeliss	San Diego
place of birth	P. Sreekumar was born on 28 February 1948, as the son of Parameshwaran Nair and Parukuttiyamma at Thiruvananthapuram.	P. Sreekumar	Thiruvananthapuram
place of birth	Gianni Da Ros (born 26 August 1986 in Pordenone) is an Italian professional road bicycle racer who rode one season for UCI ProTour team Liquigas.	Gianni Da Ros	Pordenone
place of birth	Marie Marguerite Françoise Hébert, née Goupil, (1756, Paris -- 1794) was a figure in the French Revolution.	Marie Marguerite Françoise Hébert	Paris
place of birth	Born in the Italian city of Seregno, Ettore Pozzoli began his career soon after he received his music diploma from the Milan Conservatory in 1895.	Ettore Pozzoli	Seregno
place of birth	Marcus Mepstead (born 11 May 1990, London) is a British foil fencer, team bronze medallist at the 2010 and 2013 European Championships, and team gold medallist at the 2015 European Games.	Marcus Mepstead	London
place of birth	Margriet Ehlen (Heerlen, 28 September 1943) is a Dutch poet and a composer, conductor and educator of classical music.	Margriet Ehlen	Heerlen
place of birth	Ronnie Baxter (born 5 February 1961 in Blackpool, Lancashire) is a former World No1 English professional darts player.	Ronnie Baxter	Blackpool
place of birth	Su Yu was born in Huitong County, Hunan province on August 10, 1907 to an ethnic Dong family, but he considered himself a Han Chinese.	Su Yu	Huitong County
place of birth	Michael E. Briant (born in Bournemouth, Hampshire, England on 14 February 1942) is best known as a British television director, but he is also a producer and actor.	Michael E. Briant	Bournemouth
place of birth	Joe Frank was born Joseph Langermann in Strasbourg, France, near the border of Germany to father Meier Langermann (then age 51) and mother Friederike (then age 27), while in transit from Germany, where they were living, although they were Polish citizens.	Joe Frank	Strasbourg
place of birth	Charles Bachman was born in Manhattan, Kansas in 1924, where his father, Charles Bachman Jr., was the head football coach at Kansas State College.	Charles Bachman	Manhattan
place of birth	Leonhard Tietz was born on 3 March 1849 in Birnbaum an der Warthe, Province of Posen, Prussia ( today Międzychód, Poland ) and died on 14 November 1914).	Leonhard Tietz	Międzychód
place of birth	Dr Gary Hartstein, M.D. (born 1955 in Staten Island, United States), is Clinical Professor of Anesthesia and Emergency Medicine at University of Liège Hospital, Liège, Belgium and former FIA Medical Delegate for the Formula One World Championship.	Gary Hartstein	Staten Island
place of birth	François Bayrou was born on 25 May 1951, in Bordères, Pyrénées-Atlantiques, a village located between Pau and Lourdes.	François Bayrou	Bordères
place of birth	Leon Ichaso was born in Havana August 3, 1948, into a family of well-known writers, journalists and artists.	Leon Ichaso	Havana
place of birth	Arnold Forstmann (born 16 June 1842 in Düsseldorf; died 1914 or later), German landscape-painter.	Arnold Forstmann	Düsseldorf
place of birth	Arthur Pic (born 5 October 1991 in Montélimar) is a French racing driver currently competing in the GP2 Series with Spanish outfit Campos.	Arthur Pic	Montélimar
place of birth	Carl Forberg (March 4, 1911 -- January 17, 2000) an American racecar driver from Omaha, Nebraska.	Carl Forberg	Omaha
place of birth	Krastyo Krastev was born in the Ottoman town of Pirot (then part of the empire's Niš district in Danube Province), today in eastern Serbia.	Krastyo Krastev	Pirot
place of birth	Vinícius Bergantin (born 31 July 1980 in Salto) is a Brazilian football player who last played for Brazilian Série B side Americana Futebol.	Vinícius Bergantin	Salto
place of birth	Peter York Solmssen (born January 24, 1955 in Philadelphia, PA) is an American lawyer and business executive who served as general counsel of Siemens AG, the German engineering company, until November 2013.	Peter York Solmssen	Philadelphia
place of birth	Dillie Keane was raised in Portsmouth as a Roman Catholic, and described her mother as something of a ``dragon''.	Dillie Keane	Portsmouth
place of birth	Kate Walbert (born August 13, 1961) is an American novelist and short story writer who lives in New York City.	Kate Walbert	New York City
place of birth	Paul Brush (born 22 February 1958 in Plaistow) is an English former professional footballer and coach who played in the Football League for West Ham United, Crystal Palace and Southend United.	Paul Brush	Plaistow
place of birth	Bridget Bevan was born at Derllys Court, Llannewydd in Carmarthenshire, Wales in 1698.	Bridget Bevan	Llannewydd
place of birth	Ilya Ulyanov was born in Astrakhan to a Chuvash father, Nikolai Vasilievich Ulyanov (1765--1838) (sometimes as Ulyanin), a port-city tailor and a former serf who came from Sergachsky District, Nizhny Novgorod Governorate.	Ilya Ulyanov	Astrakhan
place of birth	George Blackall Simonds (6 October 1843 -- 16 December 1929) was an English sculptor and director of H & G Simonds Brewery in Reading in the English county of Berkshire.	George Blackall Simonds	Reading
place of birth	Arsen Avakov was born to an Armenian family on January 2, 1964 in Kirov town (Kirovskiy district which is now Binagadinskiy district) of Baku, Soviet Azerbaijan.	Arsen Avakov	Baku
place of birth	Ivan Kharchenko was born on 23 September 1918 in Komarovka village of Nizhyn Uyezd in the Chernigov Governorate to the family of a worker.	Ivan Kharchenko	Chernigov Governorate
place of birth	Jeff Ratcliffe (born March 15, 1976 in Coquitlam, British Columbia) is a former lacrosse player for the New York Titans and the Philadelphia Wings in the National Lacrosse League.	Jeff Ratcliffe	Coquitlam
place of birth	Boris Elkis (born in Moscow) is a Russian composer.	Boris Elkis	Moscow
place of birth	Wen Huyi (Chinese: 文虎一) (born May 11, 1983 in Tumen, Jilin) is a Chinese footballer of Korean descent as a striker or midfielder.	Wen Huyi	Tumen
place of birth	Robert F. Carrozza also known as ``Bobby Russo'', (born January 9, 1940 East Boston, Massachusetts) is an Italian-American mobster from East Boston, Massachusetts who led a bloody internal rebellion against the leadership of the Providence-based Patriarca crime family.	Robert F. Carrozza	Boston
place of birth	Maija Tīruma (born November 28, 1983 in Riga) is a former Latvian luger who competed from 2000 to 2013.	Maija Tīruma	Riga
place of birth	Desmond Tachie-Mason (born May 1, 1984 in Vancouver, British Columbia) is a Canadian soccer player, who is currently playing and working as coach for the Vancouver Metro Soccer League club West Van FC.	Desmond Tachie	Vancouver
place of birth	Zoltán Kővágó (born 10 April 1979 in Szolnok) is a Hungarian discus thrower.	Zoltán Kővágó	Szolnok
place of birth	He was born Jean-Baptiste Pothier in Montreal in 1771, the son of Louis-Toussaint Pothier, a merchant and one of the founders of the North West Company.	Toussaint Pothier	Montreal
place of birth	Gordon Burn (16 January 1948 - 17 July 2009) was an English writer born in Newcastle upon Tyne and the author of four novels and several works of non-fiction.	Gordon Burn	Newcastle upon Tyne
place of birth	Richard Martineau became known for his column, Ondes de choc (English: shockwave), which appeared in the Montreal weekly newspaper, Voir until 1996.	Richard Martineau	Montreal
place of birth	Eleni Daniilidou (Greek: Ελένη Δανιηλίδου; (eleˈni ðaniˈiliðu); born 19 September 1982) is a Greek tennis player born in Chania, on the island of Crete.	Eleni Daniilidou	Chania
place of birth	Cooper was born on March 6, 1927, in Shawnee, Oklahoma, to parents Leroy Gordon Cooper, Sr. (Colonel, USAF, Ret.)	Gordon Cooper	Shawnee
place of birth	Filippo Civinini (1805--1844) was an Italian anatomist from Pistoia.	Filippo Civinini	Pistoia
place of birth	Dorothy Napangardi was the daughter of Indigenous Australians Jeannie Lewis Napururrla and Paddy Lewis Japanangka, born in the early 1950s in a location referred to as Mina Mina, near Lake Mackay in the Tanami Desert.	Dorothy Napangardi	Lake Mackay
place of birth	Melissa Scott (born 1960, Little Rock, Arkansas) is a science fiction and fantasy author noted for her science fiction novels featuring LGBT characters and elaborate settings.	Melissa Scott	Little Rock
place of birth	Mukesh Bhatt (born 5 June 1952 in Mumbai), is an Indian film producer, who has produced several Bollywood films.	Mukesh Bhatt	Mumbai
place of birth	Johann Carl Gehler (17 May 1732, Görlitz -- 6 May 1796, Leipzig) was a German physician, mineralogist and anatomist.	Johann Carl Gehler	Görlitz
place of birth	Mounir Majidi (full name Mohamed Mounir El Majidi, Arabic: منير الماجيدي‎ -- born January 19, 1965, Rabat) is a Moroccan businessman.	Mounir Majidi	Rabat
place of birth	Sergi Escobar Roure (born 22 September 1974 in Lleida) is a Spanish world champion track cyclist who specialises in individual and team pursuit.	Sergi Escobar	Lleida
place of birth	Volker Roemheld (born 22 November 1941 in Schwaig near Nuremberg, died 27 November 2013 in Stuttgart) was a German agricultural scientist, plant physiologist and soil biologist at Hohenheim University.	Volker Roemheld	Schwaig
place of birth	Edmund Trebus was born in Ostrowo near Danzig (Gdańsk), Germany, on 11 November 1918 -- the day of the Armistice.	Edmund Trebus	Gdańsk
place of birth	Cartagena (birth name:Modesto Cartagena de Jesús ) was born in a poor family, and raised in the mountains of Cayey, Puerto Rico during the Great Depression.	Modesto Cartagena	Cayey, Puerto Rico
place of birth	Frederick August Wenderoth was born in 1819, in Cassel, Germany, to Carl Wenderoth, a painter; his mother was a lady-in-waiting at the Hesse-Kassel court.	Frederick August Wenderoth	Kassel
place of birth	Menander Protector (Menander the Guardsman, Menander the Byzantian; Greek: Μένανδρος Προτήκτωρ or Προτέκτωρ), Byzantine historian, was born in Constantinople in the middle of the 6th century AD.	Menander Protector	Constantinople
place of birth	Gustavo Nascimento Bastos or simply Gustavo Bastos (born 15 July 1983 in Pelotas) is a Brazilian football Centre back.	Gustavo Bastos	Pelotas
place of birth	Enrico Giovannini (born 6 June 1957) is an Italian economist and statistician, member of the Club of Rome.	Enrico Giovannini	Rome
place of birth	Roger Legeay (born 8 August 1949, Beaufay) is a French former professional racing cyclist and cycling team manager.	Roger Legeay	Beaufay
place of birth	Adam Braidwood (born June 1, 1984 in Delta, British Columbia) is a Canadian professional Canadian football defensive end.	Adam Braidwood	Delta, British Columbia
place of birth	Heather McHugh, a poet, translator, educator and caregiver-respite provider, was born in San Diego, California, to Canadian parents.	Heather McHugh	San Diego
place of birth	Hans Günter Winkler (born 24 July 1926 in Barmen -- now part of Wuppertal) is a retired German show jumping rider.	Hans Günter Winkler	Barmen
place of birth	Alan Reilly (born 22 August 1980 in Dublin, Ireland), is an Irish football player who is currently unattached.	Alan Reilly	Dublin
place of birth	Nematollah Nassiri (1911 in Semnan -- 16 February 1979), was the director of SAVAK, the Iranian intelligence agency during the rule of Mohammad Reza Pahlavi.	Nematollah Nassiri	Semnan
place of birth	Rob Coombes (born Robert Joseph Coombes, 27 April 1972, Oxford, England) was the keyboard player for Supergrass.	Rob Coombes	Oxford
place of birth	Deryl Dodd was raised in Dallas, Texas, where he played football from an early age.	Deryl Dodd	Dallas
place of birth	Mirsad Bektašević (born 30 July 1987), alias Maximus, is a Swedish citizen born in Serbia who in 2005 was arrested in Sarajevo, Bosnia and Herzegovina, charged with planning a terrorist attack against an unnamed target.	Mirsad Bektašević	Sarajevo
place of birth	Guilherme Weisheimer (born October 22, 1981 in Porto Alegre) is a Brazilian striker who plays for Campeonato Gaúcho side Novo Hamburgo.	Guilherme Weisheimer	Porto Alegre
place of birth	Lucia Chase (24 March 1897; Waterbury, Connecticut - 9 January 1986; New York, USA) was an American dancer, actress, ballet director and also the co-founder of the American Ballet Theatre.	Lucia Chase	Waterbury
place of birth	Jan Svátek (born 24 May 1983 in Prague) is a Czech footballer (striker) playing currently for FK Jablonec 97.	Jan Svátek	Prague
place of birth	Bakari Koné (born 17 September 1981, in Abidjan) is an Ivorian footballer who plays for Qatar Stars League club Umm Salal as a winger.	Bakari Koné	Abidjan
place of birth	Ian Barford is an American stage and television actor, born in Bloomington, Indiana.	Ian Barford	Bloomington
place of birth	Bernardo Segall made his professional debut as a pianist at age 9 in his native Campinas, Brazil.	Bernardo Segall	Campinas
place of birth	Marc Gabolde (born 30 May 1957 in Nantes) is a French Egyptologist, specialist of the Eighteenth Dynasty and the Amarna period.	Marc Gabolde	Nantes
place of birth	Born in Cachoeira, Espírito Santo, Giva joined Santos FC's youth system in May 2012, after starting it out at EC Vitória.	Giva	Cachoeira
place of birth	Cindy Sander (born Sandmeier 31 March 1978 in Creutzwald) is a French singer.	Cindy Sander	Creutzwald
place of birth	Karl Rudolf Walden (December 1, 1878 in Helsinki -- October 25, 1946) was a Finnish industrialist and a military leader.	Rudolf Walden	Helsinki
place of birth	Forrest Smith was born February 14, 1886 near Hardin in Ray County, Missouri.	Forrest Smith	Ray County
place of birth	Edgardo Díaz (born 1947 in Panama City, Panama) is the creator of the ``boy band'' Menudo.	Edgardo Díaz	Panama City
place of birth	Monjett Graham, was born in Omaha, Nebraska where he obtained a bachelor's degree from the University of Nebraska.	Monjett Graham	Nebraska
place of birth	Valentin Eysseric (born 25 March 1992 in Aix-en-Provence) is a French football player who currently plays for Ligue 1 club Saint-Étienne, on loan from Nice.	Valentin Eysseric	Aix-en-Provence
place of birth	Alan Deakin (born 27 November 1941 in Balsall Heath, Birmingham) was an English footballer during the 1960s.	Alan Deakin	Balsall Heath
place of birth	Yoann Décimus (born November 30, 1987 in Paris) is a French sprint athlete.	Yoann Décimus	Paris
place of birth	Erasmo Carlos (born Erasmo Esteves on June 5, 1941, in Tijuca, Rio de Janeiro) is a Brazilian singer and songwriter, most closely associated with his friend and longtime collaborator Roberto Carlos (no relation).	Erasmo Carlos	Rio de Janeiro
place of birth	Freddy Sahin-Scholl (born December 21, 1953 in Heilbronn as Freddy Scholl) is a German-American-Turkish singer and composer.	Freddy Sahin-Scholl	Heilbronn
place of birth	General in Chief Gustavo Rangel Briceño (born 1956 in Maracaibo) is a Venezuelan Military Officer.	Gustavo Rangel Briceño	Maracaibo
place of birth	Karen Kondazian (born January 27, 1950 in Newton, Massachusetts) is an American award-winning actress and author.	Karen Kondazian	Newton
place of birth	Makhach Gadzhiyevich Gadzhiyev (Russian: Махач Гаджиевич Гаджиев; born October 18, 1987 in Kizilyurt) is a Russian professional footballer who last played in the Russian Football Premier League for FC Anzhi Makhachkala.	Makhach Gadzhiyev	Kizilyurt
place of birth	Luciano Vassalo (15 August 1935) (born in Asmara, Eritrea) is a former Ethiopian footballer of Eritrean and Italian origin.	Luciano Vassalo	Asmara
place of birth	Yoo Jae-suk was born as the eldest child out of three (he has two younger sisters) on August 14, 1972 in Seoul, South Korea.	Yoo Jae-suk	Seoul
place of birth	Amiya Charan Banerjee was born on 23 January 1891 in his maternal grandfather's house at Bhagalpur.	Amiya Charan Banerjee	Bhagalpur
place of birth	Aminta Buenaño Rugel (Santa Lucía Canton, Guayas Province, 1958) is an Ecuadorian writer and politician.	Aminta Buenaño	Santa Lucía Canton
place of birth	Jean Bondol, also known as Jean de Bruges or Jan Baudolf, was the author of the illuminations in a translation of the Vulgate which was presented to Charles V of France by his valet Jehan Vaudetar.	Jean Bondol	Bruges
place of birth	Lauro Delgado (December 10, 1932 -- January 15, 1978) was a Filipino actor, born as Loreto Porciuncula in Bocaue, Bulacan.	Lauro Delgado	Bocaue
place of birth	Charlie Cheever is from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania and still has family in the area.	Charlie Cheever	Pittsburgh
place of birth	Robert Eriksson was born 23 April in Levanger in Nord-Trøndelag county.	Robert Eriksson	Levanger
place of birth	Erick Walder (born November 5, 1971 in Mobile, Alabama) is an American former long jumper.	Erick Walder	Mobile
place of birth	Augustus Owsley Stanley was born in Shelbyville, Kentucky on May 21, 1867; he was the eldest of seven children of William and Amanda (Owsley) Stanley.	Augustus Owsley Stanley	Shelbyville, Kentucky
place of birth	Berthold Bartosch (December 29, 1893 -- November 13, 1968) was a film-maker, born in Polaun, in the Bohemia region of Austria-Hungary (now part of the Czech Republic).	Berthold Bartosch	Bohemia
place of birth	Jean-Pierre Mignard is a prominent French lawyer, lecturer, political advisor and author born in Saint-Cloud (Hauts-de-Seine) in 1951.	Jean-Pierre Mignard	Saint-Cloud
place of birth	Ivana Bašić (born 28 February 1976, Split, SR Croatia, Yugoslavia) is a Croatian actress who starred in the BBC medical drama Casualty as Serbian paramedic Snezana Lalovic.	Ivana Bašić	Split
place of birth	Nicola Lagnena (born 25 November 1986, in Torre del Greco) is an Italian football Defender who currently plays for S.S. Cavese 1919.	Nicola Lagnena	Torre del Greco
place of birth	Debora Greger (born 1949 Walsenburg, Colorado) is an American poet as well as a visual artist.	Debora Greger	Walsenburg
place of birth	Ági Szalóki (born Budapest, October 17, 1978) is a Hungarian folk singer.	Ági Szalóki	Budapest
place of birth	Billel Abdelkadous (born 22 May 1990 in Metz), is a French-born Algerian professional footballer.	Billel Abdelkadous	Metz
place of birth	Subash Singh (born 1 March 1987 in Imphal in Manipur) is an Indian footballer who plays as a defender in IMG RELIANCE.	Subash Singh	Imphal
place of birth	Fortunato Baliani (born 6 July 1974 in Foligno) is an Italian former road racing cyclist, who competed professionally between 1998 and 2014.	Fortunato Baliani	Foligno
place of birth	George Sigourney Acker (born December 25, 1835 in Rochester, Monroe County, New York, and died September 6, 1879 in Kalamazoo, Michigan) was a brigadier general in the Union.	George Sigourney Acker	Rochester
place of birth	Maureen Garrett (born Maureen Mason Garrett August 18, 1948 in Rocky Mount, North Carolina) is an American actress.	Maureen Garrett	Rocky Mount, North Carolina
place of birth	Alex To (born Alejandro Delfino on 10 February 1962) is a Hong Kong and Taiwan based singer and actor.	Alex To	Hong Kong
place of birth	Floyd Dell was born in Barry, Illinois on June 28, 1887 to Anthony Dell, a Civil War veteran and unsuccessful butcher, and Kate Crone, a home maker.	Floyd Dell	Barry
place of birth	Miroslav Rede (born 1938 in Kikinda) is a Croatian sports journalist and former football player.	Miroslav Rede	Kikinda
place of birth	Frederick Knefler (Knoepfler Frigyes) was born in Arad, Hungary, son of Nathan Knoepfler, a Hungarian Jew and a physician.	Frederick Knefler	Arad
place of birth	Jonathan Monk (born in 1969, in Leicester, UK) is an artist living and working in Berlin.	Jonathan Monk	Leicester
place of birth	Miguel Falabella (born October 10, 1956 in Rio de Janeiro) is a Brazilian TV, cinema and theater actor, producer, writer and director.	Miguel Falabella	Rio de Janeiro
place of birth	Halleh Ghorashi (also spelled Ghoreishi; born 30 July 1962 in Tehran) is an Iranian-born anthropologist who lives in the Netherlands.	Halleh Ghorashi	Tehran
place of birth	Rodrigo Riera was born in the township of Barrio Nuevo, in the city of Carora, in the state of Lara, in midwestern Venezuela.	Rodrigo Riera	Carora
place of birth	George Truman Morrell was born 29 January 1830 in Dinan, Brittany, France, a British subject.	George Truman Morrell	Dinan
place of birth	Erich Ponto was born in Lübeck as the son of a merchant.	Erich Ponto	Lübeck
place of birth	Chavdar Tsvetkov (Bulgarian: Чавдар Цветков; born 8 March 1953 in Svoge) is a former Bulgarian footballer who played as a winger.	Chavdar Tsvetkov	Svoge
place of birth	Karol Rómmel was born May 23, 1888, in Grodno (then in Russian Empire, now in Belarus) to family of Karol Aleksander Rummel, a general in Russian service and commanding officer of the 26th Artillery Brigade stationed in that town.	Karol Rómmel	Grodno
place of birth	Andrea Barlesi (born 15 June 1991 in Paris) is a Belgian-Italian racing driver, but runs with a Belgian racing license.	Andrea Barlesi	Paris
place of birth	Amadou Toumani Touré was born on 4 November 1948, in Mopti, where he attended primary school.	Amadou Toumani Touré	Mopti
place of birth	Jessica Steen was born in Toronto, Ontario, the daughter of Joanna Noyes, an actress, and Jan Steen, a director and actor.	Jessica Steen	Toronto
place of birth	Linda Marsh, an American actress of film, stage, and television, was born in New York City on February 8, 1939.	Linda Marsh	New York City
place of birth	Arsen Sargsyan (Armenian: Արսեն Սարգսյան, born 13 December 1984 in Vanadzor, Armenian SSR) is an Armenian long jumper.	Arsen Sargsyan	Vanadzor
place of birth	Julius Ludwig August Koch (/ˈkɔːx/; German: (ˈkɔχ); 4 December 1841, Laichingen, Württemberg -- 25 June 1908, Zwiefalten) was a German psychiatrist whose work influenced later concepts of personality disorders.	Julius Ludwig August Koch	Laichingen
place of birth	Kevin Tano (born 17 April 1993 in Amsterdam) is a Dutch footballer who plays for the Israeli Liga Leumit side Maccabi Herzliya.	Kevin Tano	Amsterdam
place of birth	Mahamet Diagouraga (born 8 January 1984 in Corbeil-Essonnes, Essonne) is a French-born Malian footballer who last played for Modena.	Mahamet Diagouraga	Corbeil-Essonnes
place of birth	Pierre Desgoutte was born at Saint-Hilaire-sous-Charlieu, in the arrondissement of Roanne in the Loire, son of Jean Desgoutte and Marie-Philiberte Plasse.	Pierre Desgoutte	Saint-Hilaire-sous-Charlieu
place of birth	Jules-Romain Tardieu was born on 28 January 1805 in Rouen, son of the painter Jean-Charles Tardieu.	Jules-Romain Tardieu	Rouen
place of birth	Alexis Paumier Frómeta (born 21 January 1975 in Baracoa, Guantánamo) is a Cuban shot putter.	Alexis Paumier	Baracoa
place of birth	Nato Vachnadze was born in Warsaw, then in the Russian Empire as the daughter of a Georgian father from the Andronikashvili family and a Polish mother.	Nato Vachnadze	Warsaw
place of birth	Litefoot was born in Upland, California, was raised in Tulsa, Oklahoma, and has lived in Seattle, Washington since 1997.	Litefoot	Upland
place of birth	Leonardo Grosso della Rovere was born in Savona in 1464, the son of Antonio Grosso and Maria della Rovere, a member of the House of della Rovere.	Leonardo Grosso della Rovere	Savona
place of birth	In September 2003, Cleveland, Oklahoma renamed its high school football stadium ``Billy Vessels Memorial Stadium'' in honor of Vessels.	Billy Vessels	Cleveland, Oklahoma
place of birth	Alger Hiss was one of five children born in Baltimore, Maryland, to Mary ``Minnie'' Lavinia (née Hughes) and Charles Alger Hiss.	Alger Hiss	Baltimore
place of birth	Rob van Boekel (born 22 February 1987 in Veldhoven) is a Dutch professional footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder who currently plays for UNA in the Dutch Topklasse.	Rob van Boekel	Veldhoven
place of birth	Giorgos Mazonakis born and raised in the neighbourhood of Nikaia, Athens.	Giorgos Mazonakis	Athens
place of birth	William Bingham (March 8, 1752 -- February 6, 1804) was an American statesman from Philadelphia.	William Bingham	Philadelphia
place of birth	Elizabeth Charleston was a San Francisco native who painted impressionist flower and landscape paintings.	Elizabeth Charleston	San Francisco
place of birth	Francesco Piranesi was born in Rome, the eldest son of Giovanni Battista Piranesi and his wife, Angela Pasquini.	Francesco Piranesi	Rome
place of birth	Darrin Hancock was born and raised in Birmingham, Alabama but relocated to the small community of Griffin, Georgia, south of Atlanta in Spalding County, when he was in sixth grade.	Darrin Hancock	Birmingham
place of birth	Yasser Shahen (Arabic: ياسر شاهين‎, born in Homs) is a Syrian footballer, who currently play for Al-Ahli SC in the Lebanese Second Division.	Yasser Shahen	Homs
place of birth	Martin Andersen Nexø was born to a large family (the fourth of eleven children) in Christianshavn, at the time an impoverished district of Copenhagen.	Martin Andersen Nexø	Copenhagen
place of birth	Thomas Henry Dyer (1804--1888),an English historical and antiquarian writer, was born in London on 4 May 1804.	Thomas Henry Dyer	London
place of birth	Karin Proia (born 14 March 1974 in Latina, Lazio) is an Italian actress who began acting in 1994.	Karin Proia	Latina
place of birth	Jean-Michel Dubois (born 27 August 1943 in Enghien-les-Bains, Val-d'Oise) is a French politician and a member of the far-right FN.	Jean-Michel Dubois	Enghien-les-Bains
place of birth	Jean Maurice Paul Jules de Noailles, 6th Duke of Ayen (Paris, 18 September 1893 -- Bergen-Belsen, 14 April 1945) was the son of Adrien de Noailles, 8th Duke of Noailles.	Jean Maurice Paul Jules de Noailles	Paris
place of birth	Laura Myntti (born 1962, Minnesota) is an American artist noted for her paintings, etchings, and in situ drawings; she also works with found objects, mosaics, and photo collage.	Laura Myntti	Minnesota
place of birth	Jonny Cruz was born Jonathan Willie Hernández in El Paso, Texas on December 1, 1982 and is the son of Maritza Pagan and Orlando Hernández, younger brother of two children with his sister Sharlene.	Jonny Cruz	El Paso
place of birth	George Peppard, Jr. was born in Detroit, Michigan, the son of building contractor George Peppard, Sr. and opera singer Vernelle Rohrer.	George Peppard	Detroit
place of birth	Pope Gelasius II (ca. 1060/1064 -- 29 January 1119), born Giovanni Caetani or Giovanni da Gaeta (also called Coniulo), was Pope from 24 January 1118 to his death in 1119.	Pope Gelasius II	Gaeta
place of birth	Jack Welch was born in Peabody, Massachusetts, the son of Grace (Andrews), a homemaker, and John Francis Welch, Sr, a Boston & Maine Railroad conductor.	Jack Welch	Peabody
place of birth	Esko Malm (23 August 1940, Valkeakoski) is a Finnish former footballer and manager who earned 1 cap at international level in 1963.	Esko Malm	Valkeakoski
place of birth	Jorge Villamil Cordovez (June 6, 1929 -- February 28, 2010) was a Colombian composer and song writer born in El Cedral, a large coffee plantation near Neiva (Huila).	Jorge Villamil	Neiva
place of birth	Christian Beldi (born in Bucharest) is a Romanian pianist.	Christian Beldi	Bucharest
place of birth	He was born in the Canadian community of Yorkton near Fredericton in York County, New Brunswick to Isaac Stephenson (1791--1874), a lumberman and farmer born in Ireland of Scotch-Irish ancestry, and Elizabeth (Watson) Stephenson (?--1838), who was born in London.	Isaac Stephenson	Fredericton
place of birth	Asia Muhammad (born April 4, 1991 in Long Beach) is an American professional tennis player.	Asia Muhammad	Long Beach
place of birth	Linda Finch is a businesswoman born in San Antonio, Texas, in 1951.	Linda Finch	San Antonio
place of birth	Mai Tiến Thành (born 16 March 1986) is a Vietnamese footballer who plays as a winger for Vietnamese club FLC Thanh Hóa and the Vietnamese national team.	Mai Tiến Thành	Thanh Hóa
place of birth	Emese Hunyady (born 4 March 1966 in Budapest, Hungary) is a former speed skater.	Emese Hunyady	Budapest
place of birth	Arthur Edeson, A.S.C. (October 24, 1891 -- February 14, 1970) was a film cinematographer, born in New York City.	Arthur Edeson	New York City
place of birth	Tatjana Vorobjova (Russian: Татьяна Воробьёва; born 26 July 1996 in Tallinn) is an Estonian tennis player.	Tatjana Vorobjova	Tallinn
place of birth	Walker McCall (born 29 March 1954 in Irvine) is a retired Scottish professional footballer who played in Scotland, the United States, and Hong Kong.	Walker McCall	Irvine
place of birth	Yves Simoneau (French pronunciation: ​(iv simɔno); born October 28, 1955 in Quebec City, Quebec) is a Canadian film and television director.	Yves Simoneau	Quebec City
place of birth	Paula Robison was born in Nashville, Tennessee, the daughter of David V. and Naomi Robison, an actor.	Paula Robison	Nashville
place of birth	Telman Hasanov was born in 1939 in Karkijahan village of Stepanakert.	Telman Hasanov	Stepanakert
place of birth	Born in Washington D.C., he was the son of Presbyterian minister John Shippen, Sr. and Eliza Spotswood Shippen.	John Shippen	Washington D.C.
place of birth	Johnny Dunn (February 19, 1897 -- August 20, 1937) was an American traditional jazz trumpeter and vaudeville performer, who was born in Memphis, Tennessee.	Johnny Dunn	Memphis
place of birth	Girma Bèyènè, born in Addis Ababa, is a popular Ethiopian lyricist, composer, arranger, vocalist and pianist, most active during the golden era of Ethiopian vinyl record (1969-78).	Girma Bèyènè	Addis Ababa
place of birth	Mohsin Razi (b. May 26, 1955 in Karachi) is a career diplomat from Pakistan.	Mohsin Razi	Karachi
place of birth	Tomáš Stráský (born April 15, 1987) is a Czech footballer who plays for SK České Budějovice.	Tomáš Stráský	České Budějovice
place of birth	Shani Mootoo, writer, visual artist and video maker, was born in Dublin, Ireland, in 1957 to Trinidadian parents.	Shani Mootoo	Dublin
place of birth	Joseph Karakis was born on 29 May 1902 in the town of Balta, Ukraine, to Julius Borisovich Karakis (1879--1943), co-owner and a worker of a sugar factory in Turbin and Karakis (maiden name Geybtman) Frida Jakovlevna (1882--1968).	Joseph Karakis	Balta
place of birth	Jerrold Immel (born 9 September 1936 in Los Angeles, California) is a United States television music composer, whose most famous works are the theme tune to the soap opera Dallas and to a lesser extent, Voyagers!.	Jerrold Immel	Los Angeles
place of birth	Violet Wilkey was born in St. Louis, Missouri to an English father named Arthur Wilkey and an American mother named Anna Dora (Winter) Wilkey.	Violet Wilkey	St. Louis
place of birth	Bojan Banjac (Serbian Cyrillic: Бojaн Бaњaц, born 24 October 1971 in Inđija) is a former Serbian association footballer.	Bojan Banjac	Inđija
place of birth	Raghuraj Singh Shakya (born 1 July 1968) is an Indian politician for the Etawah (Lok Sabha Constituency) in Uttar Pradesh.	Raghuraj Singh Shakya	Etawah
place of birth	Ulrich Kapolongo (born 31 July 1989 in Brazzaville) is a Congolese footballer who plays for Teplice in the Czech First League as a striker.	Ulrich Kapolongo	Brazzaville
place of birth	Klaus Richtzenhain (born November 1, 1934 in Berlin) was an East German athlete who competed mainly in the 1.500 metres.	Klaus Richtzenhain	Berlin
place of birth	The son of Colonel John Joseph O'Sullevan DSO, resident magistrate at Killarney, and Vera (née Henry), Peter O'Sullevan was born in Kenmare, County Kerry but brought up in Surrey, England.	Peter O'Sullevan	Kenmare
place of birth	Thapelo Tale played with Likhopo from Maseru before moving in August 2011 to Serbia to play with Likhopo FC.	Thapelo Tale	Maseru
place of birth	Hugo Baldomero Medina Garza was born in the Mexican city of San Fernando, Tamaulipas around the year 1958.	Hugo Baldomero Medina Garza	San Fernando
place of birth	Peter Pangerl (born February 22, 1981 in Linz), better known as Chakuza, is an Austrian rapper.	Chakuza	Linz
place of birth	Babette Hierholzer (born March 27, 1957 in Freiburg im Breisgau) is a German American pianist.	Babette Hierholzer	Freiburg im Breisgau
place of birth	Gopika was born as Girly Anto in a Syrian Christian family to Anto Francis and Tessy Anto in Ollur in Thrissur, Kerala.	Gopika	Ollur
place of birth	Antônio Lima dos Santos, known as Lima (born 18 January 1942 in São Sebastião do Paraíso) is a former Brazilian footballer.	Antônio Lima dos Santos	São Sebastião do Paraíso
place of birth	Kein Einaste (born February 22, 1985 in Pärnu) is an Estonian cross country skier who has competed since 2004.	Kein Einaste	Pärnu
place of birth	Michael Agazzi (Italian pronunciation: (ˈmaikol aˈɡattsi); born 3 July 1984 in Ponte San Pietro) is an Italian footballer who plays for Middlesbrough on loan from A.C. Milan.	Michael Agazzi	Ponte San Pietro
place of birth	Said Tayeb Jawad was born in Kandahar, and was educated at Lycée Esteqlal and at the School of Law and Political Sciences in Kabul University.	Said Tayeb Jawad	Kandahar
place of birth	Olesya Syreva (Russian: Олеся Сырева; b. 25 November 1983 in Novosibirsk) is a Russian middle/long-distance runner who specializes in the 1500 and 3000 metres.	Olesya Syreva	Novosibirsk
place of birth	He was son of Daniel Cresswell, a native of Crowden-le-Booth, in Edale, Derbyshire, who lived for many years at Newton, near Wakefield, Yorkshire.	Daniel Cresswell	Wakefield
place of birth	Born in Rome, Mario Montuori was the son of the cinematographer Carlo.	Mario Montuori	Rome
place of birth	Simon Gächter (born 8 March 1965 in Nenzing, Vorarlberg) is an Austrian economist.	Simon Gächter	Nenzing
place of birth	Tudor Mihail (born 17 August 1984 in Bucharest) is a Romanian professional footballer who played as an Attacking Midfielder.He is the son of the Romanian football manager Marian Mihail.	Tudor Mihail	Bucharest
place of birth	Mark Muller (born August 26, 1964 in Geneva) is a Swiss real estate lawyer and politician in the canton of Geneva.	Mark Muller	Geneva
place of birth	Monika Harms (born 29 September 1946 in Berlin) is a German lawyer.	Monika Harms	Berlin
place of birth	Brian Jude was born on August 21, 1971, in Long Branch, New Jersey and grew up in Howell Township, New Jersey, where he attended Howell High School with CBS sportscaster Bonnie Bernstein, talk radio personality Scott Allen Miller and fine artist Jay Alders.	Brian Jude	Long Branch
place of birth	Kaarlo Kalervo Toivonen (January 22, 1913, Salo -- July 25, 2006) was a Finnish athlete who mainly competed in the men's javelin throw during his career.	Kalervo Toivonen	Salo
place of birth	Manuel Corona Raimundo (Caibarién 17 June 1880 -- Marianao, Havana 9 January 1950) was a Cuban trova musician, and a long-term professional rival of Sindo Garay.	Manuel Corona	Caibarién
place of birth	Ben Wijnstekers (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈbɛn ˈʋɛi̯n.ˌsteː.kərs); born 31 August 1955 in Rotterdam) is a retired Dutch footballer who was active as a defender.	Ben Wijnstekers	Rotterdam
place of birth	Miklós Horthy was born at Kenderes to an old Calvinist noble family descended from István Horti, ennobled by King Ferdinand II in 1635.	Miklós Horthy	Kenderes
place of birth	Judy Rodman (born May 23, 1951 in Riverside, California) is an American Country Music Singer.	Judy Rodman	Riverside
place of birth	Igor Țîgîrlaș started his football career at the Youth Football School in Chișinău.	Igor Țîgîrlaș	Chișinău
place of birth	Albert Rusnák (born 14 January 1974 in Prešov) is a former football player from Slovakia and former manager of MFK Zemplín Michalovce.	Albert Rusnák	Prešov
place of birth	Marc Houalla was born on 10 February 1961 at Rueil-Malmaison, is a French public servant.	Marc Houalla	Rueil-Malmaison
place of birth	Born in Mirassol, São Paulo, Kléver joined Fluminense's youth system in 2006, aged 15.	Kléver	Mirassol
place of birth	Israel Hajaj is a retired Israeli footballer who is known for being the legendary captain of Maccabi Netanya in the late 1970s.	Israel Hajaj	Netanya
place of birth	Ali Mourade (born October 17, 1984, Marseille, France) is a Comorian football (soccer) player who plays as a Defender.	Ali Mourade	Marseille
place of birth	Gábor Wéber (born 4 December 1971 in Budapest) is a Hungarian auto racing driver who competed in one race of the 2003 Porsche Supercup.	Gábor Wéber	Budapest
place of birth	Born in San Diego, California, Sarah Roemer is of German, English, and smaller amounts of Scots-Irish and Scottish ancestry.	Sarah Roemer	San Diego
place of birth	Doug Pray was born in Denver, Colorado, he grew up in Madison, Wisconsin, has a BA in sociology from Colorado College, and an MFA from UCLA's School of Film and Television.	Doug Pray	Denver
place of birth	Gerry Dee (born December 31, 1968 in Scarborough, Ontario) is a Canadian actor and stand-up comedian.	Gerry Dee	Scarborough
place of birth	Anand Neelakantan was born in a village called Thrippunithura, on the outskirts of Cochin, Kerala.	Anand Neelakantan	Thrippunithura
place of birth	Artur Bugaj (born October 22, 1970) is a Polish football player who currently plays for Darzbór Szczecinek of the Polish fourth league.	Artur Bugaj	Szczecinek
place of birth	Phyllis Hyman was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, and grew up in St. Clair Village, the South Hills section of Pittsburgh.	Phyllis Hyman	Philadelphia
place of birth	Duncan Cummings (born 20 March 1958 in Manchester, England) is an Australian former association football player and coach.	Duncan Cummings	Manchester
place of birth	Ellie Haddington (born 17 February 1955 in Aberdeen) is a Scottish actress who had a starring role in 2005 and 2006 as Governing Governor Joy Masterton in the ITV1 prison drama Bad Girls.	Ellie Haddington	Aberdeen
place of birth	Marcus Hutton (born 1 April 1964 in Limavady, Northern Ireland) is an actor and voice over artist who trained at the Guildhall School of Music and Drama.	Marcus Hutton	Limavady
place of birth	Frederick Blantford Bate born in Virginia in 1886.	Frederick Blantford Bate	Virginia
place of birth	Evan McGuire (born 1995 in Claregalway) is an Irish voice actor, athlete, drama player and music teacher.	Evan McGuire	Claregalway
place of birth	Klaus Wedemeier (born January 12, 1944 in Hof an der Saale) is a German politician (SPD) and was President of the Senate and Mayor of the state Free Hanseatic City of Bremen (1985 to 1995).	Klaus Wedemeier	Hof
place of birth	Carlos Alberto Bianchezi, better known as Careca Bianchezi (born 25 August 1964 in São Paulo), is a retired Brazilian footballer who played for Brazilian sides Marília Atlético Clube, Guarani and Palmeiras, as well as in Italy for Atalanta and in Mexico for CF Monterrey.	Careca Bianchezi	São Paulo
place of birth	Zbigniew Bargielski, born 21 January 1937 in Łomża, is a Polish composer and teacher.	Zbigniew Bargielski	Łomża
place of birth	Luděk Sobota (born 27 May 1943, Prague) is a Czech stand-up comedian and actor.	Luděk Sobota	Prague
place of birth	Publius Minucius Augurinus (Latin, Publius Minucius Augurinus ) was a Roman Republican politician of the patrician gens Minucia during the beginning of the 5th century BC. He served as Consul of Rome in 492 BC	Publius Minucius Augurinus	Rome
place of birth	Jean-Jacques Lartigue, S.S., (June 20, 1777 -- April 19, 1840) was a Canadian Sulpician, who served as the first Catholic Bishop of Montreal.	Jean-Jacques Lartigue	Montreal
place of birth	Dave Sinardet (Antwerp, 6, October 1975) is a Belgian political scientist, author and columnist.	Dave Sinardet	Antwerp
place of birth	Roger Hale Sheaffe was born at Boston, Massachusetts, the third son and eighth child of William Sheaffe (1705--1771), a graduate of Harvard University who became Deputy Collector of Customs at Boston.	Roger Hale Sheaffe	Boston
place of birth	Noan Lelarge (born 23 June 1975 in Romilly-sur-Seine) is a former French road racing cyclist.	Noan Lelarge	Romilly-sur-Seine
place of birth	Charles Edward Russell (September 25, 1860 in Davenport, Iowa -- April 23, 1941 in Washington, DC) was an American journalist, opinion columnist, newspaper editor, and political activist.	Charles Edward Russell	Davenport
place of birth	Solomon Regenstreif, better known by the Anglo-Saxon name he later adopted, John Gates, was born in 1913 in New York City, the son of ethnic Jewish parents who hailed from Poland.	John Gates	New York City
place of birth	Nii Lamptey was born in Tema, but grew up in the two biggest Ghanaian cities, Accra and Kumasi.	Nii Lamptey	Tema
place of birth	Teri Ann Linn (born April 7, 1961, in Honolulu, Hawaii) is an American actress and singer who was also popular in Finland and Italy.	Teri Ann Linn	Honolulu
place of birth	Alessandro Cortinovis (born October 11, 1977 in Seriate) is a former Italian road racing cyclist who rode for Team Milram.	Alessandro Cortinovis	Seriate
place of birth	Ralph G. Anderson (born July 6, 1926 in Harrodsburg, Kentucky) was an engineer, farmer, and the founder of Belcan, one of America's largest engineering firms.	Ralph G. Anderson	Harrodsburg, Kentucky
place of birth	Vito Colonna (born Italy) is a retired Italian-American soccer player and coach.	Vito Colonna	Italy
place of birth	Jo-El Sonnier (/ʒoʊˌɛl sɒnˈjeɪ/; born October 2, 1946, in Rayne, Louisiana) is an American singer-songwriter and accordionist who performs country music and Cajun music.	Jo-El Sonnier	Rayne, Louisiana
place of birth	Hendrik Redant (born Ninove, 1 November 1962) is a former Belgian professional cyclist.	Hendrik Redant	Ninove
place of birth	Jackie Fields, who was Jewish, was born in Chicago, Illinois, USA on February 9, 1908 under the name Jacob Finkelstein.	Jackie Fields	Chicago
place of birth	Kirill Sidelnikov (born August 17, 1988) is a Russian professional mixed martial artist and grappler, fighting out of Stary Oskol, the same hometown as Fedor Emelianenko with whom he is a training partner.	Kirill Sidelnikov	Stary Oskol
place of birth	Robert A. Bernstein (born March 22, 1961 in Worcester, Massachusetts) is an American attorney and politician who represented the First Worcester District in the Massachusetts Senate from 1995--2001.	Robert A. Bernstein	Worcester
place of birth	Davide Frattini (born August 6, 1978 in Varese) is a retired Italian cyclist.	Davide Frattini	Varese
place of birth	James Mangold was born in New York City, and is the son of artists Robert Mangold and Sylvia Plimack Mangold.	James Mangold	New York City
place of birth	David V. Erdman (November 4, 1911, in Omaha, NE; died October 14, 2001 ) was an American literary critic, editor, and Professor Emeritus of English at the State University of New York at Stony Brook.	David V. Erdman	Omaha
place of birth	John James Fox (born 1980 in Liverpool) is an English director of music videos.	John James Fox	Liverpool
place of birth	Bonaventure Maruti (born 10 April 1976 in Nairobi) is a Kenyan football striker who is currently playing for Vollen UL in Norway.	Bonaventure Maruti	Nairobi
place of birth	Petra Lammert (born 3 March 1984 in Freudenstadt, Baden-Württemberg) is a former German shot putter and current bobsledder.	Petra Lammert	Freudenstadt
place of birth	Mikk Pahapill (born 18 July 1983 in Kuressaare) is an Estonian decathlete.	Mikk Pahapill	Kuressaare
place of birth	He was born at Fressingfield in Suffolk, England in 1814, the son of Robert Read, and came to Upper Canada in 1836, settling at Belleville.	Robert Read	Suffolk
place of birth	Karin Huttary (born May 23, 1977 in Innsbruck) is an Austrian freestyle skier who won a silver medal at the FIS Freestyle World Ski Championships 2009 in ski-cross.	Karin Huttary	Innsbruck
place of birth	Pierre François Olivier Aubert (1763 -- c.1830) was a French cellist and composer, born in Amiens.	Olivier Aubert	Amiens
place of birth	Ralph Dawson (born in Westborough, Massachusetts on April 18, 1897; died November 15, 1962) was a film editor who also did some acting, directing, and screenwriting.	Ralph Dawson	Massachusetts
place of birth	Stéphane Lhomme (born 4 November 1965 in Bordeaux) is president of Tchernoblaye association, and was speaker of ``Sortir du nucléaire'' Network during 2002-2010.	Stéphane Lhomme	Bordeaux
place of birth	Ger Robinson (born 9 June 1982 in Dunboyne) is an Irish football striker, who last played for Kildare County in the League of Ireland.	Ger Robinson	Ireland
place of birth	Marc Coucke (born Ghent in 1965) is a Belgian businessman, inventor and media figure.	Marc Coucke	Ghent
place of birth	Bob Mondello (Washington, D.C.) is an American film critic.	Bob Mondello	Washington, D.C.
place of birth	Omar da Fonseca (born 20 October 1959 in Buenos Aires) is an Argentine former football striker.	Omar da Fonseca	Buenos Aires
place of birth	Born in Thuringia of a French father and a German mother, Albert Raisner arrived in Paris at age 7.	Albert Raisner	Paris
place of birth	Marcello Gazzola (born 3 April 1985 in Borgo Val di Taro) is an Italian footballer who plays for Sassuolo Calcio in the Italian Serie A.	Marcello Gazzola	Borgo Val di Taro
place of birth	Lai Kin Hong is the President of the Tribunal de Segunda Instancia, an appellate court within the judiciary of Macau.	Lai Kin Hong	Macau
place of birth	Marina Berlusconi (Maria Elvira Berlusconi, born 10 August 1966 in Milan) is an Italian businesswoman, chairwoman of Fininvest Holding and of the Arnoldo Mondadori Editore publishing group.	Marina Berlusconi	Milan
place of birth	Anthonie Beerstraaten (1637, in Amsterdam -- 1664, in Amsterdam), was a Dutch Golden Age painter.	Anthonie Beerstraaten	Amsterdam
place of birth	Rolf Hoppe (born 6 December 1930 in Ellrich) is a German film and stage actor.	Rolf Hoppe	Ellrich
place of birth	Born and raised in Gateshead in north-eastern England, Don Hutchison consistently stated his desire to play for Scotland, citing a strong relationship with his Scottish father.	Don Hutchison	Gateshead
place of birth	Alonso Sánchez Coello was born in Benifairó de les Valls, near Valencia, and spent his childhood there, until the death of his father when he was around ten years old.	Alonso Sánchez Coello	Benifairó de les Valls
place of birth	Andreï Makine was born in Krasnoyarsk, Russian SFSR, Soviet Union on 10 September 1957 and grew up in the city of Penza about 440 miles south-east of Moscow.	Andreï Makine	Krasnoyarsk
place of birth	Koikili Lertxundi del Campo (born 23 December 1980 in Otxandio, Basque Country), known simply as Koikili or Koi for short, is a Spanish retired professional footballer who played as a left back.	Koikili Lertxundi	Otxandio
place of birth	Michele Castagnetti (born 27 December 1989 in Montecchio Emilia) is an Italian footballer who currently plays for the Lega Pro Prima Divisione club Carrarese Calcio.	Michele Castagnetti	Montecchio Emilia
place of birth	Alexander Rollett (14 July 1834 - 1 October 1903) was an Austrian physiologist and histologist born in Baden bei Wien, Niederösterreich.	Alexander Rollett	Baden bei Wien
place of birth	I. I. Chundrigar belonged to the Muslim Chundrigar Gujjar community, and was born in 1897 in Ahmedabad, Gujarat, and educated at Bombay University.	I. I. Chundrigar	Ahmedabad
place of birth	Kakhaber Tskhadadze (Georgian: კახაბერ ცხადაძე, born 7 September 1968 in Rustavi) is a Georgian football coach and former player.	Kakhaber Tskhadadze	Rustavi
place of birth	György Kozmann (born March 23, 1978 in Szekszárd) is a Hungarian sprint canoer who competed since the late 1990s.	György Kozmann	Szekszárd
place of birth	Jules Albert Louppe was born into a peasant family in Guny, in the French department of Aisne.	Albert Louppe	Guny
place of birth	William Edmund Scripps (May 6, 1882--1952) was a pioneer aviator and the publisher of The Detroit News.	William Edmund Scripps	Detroit
place of birth	Franco Cristaldi (Turin, 3 October 1924 -- Montecarlo, 1 July 1992) was an Italian film producer, credited with producing (or co-producing) feature films from the 1950s to the 1990s.	Franco Cristaldi	Turin
place of birth	At the age of 7, in 1973, Pavel Wolberg moved to Israel from Leningrad (Saint Petersburg) with his mother and grandmother, and grew up in the southern town of Beersheba in the Negev desert.	Pavel Wolberg	Saint Petersburg
place of birth	P. Diane Foster (born 3 March 1928 in Vancouver, British Columbia) is a Canadian track and field athlete, who mainly competed in the 100 metres.	Diane Foster	Vancouver
place of birth	Emilio Savonanzi, nicknamed il Reniano (1580-1666) was an Italian painter of the Baroque period, active mainly in and around his native Bologna.	Emilio Savonanzi	Bologna
place of birth	Peter Roquette (born October 8 1927 in Königsberg) is a German mathematician working in algebraic geometry, algebra, and number theory.	Peter Roquette	Königsberg
place of birth	Giulia Lacedelli (born 22 March 1971 in Cortina d'Ampezzo) is an Italian curler.	Giulia Lacedelli	Cortina d'Ampezzo
place of birth	Gabriel Iribarren (born 6 August 1981 in Lanús) is a retired Argentine football player who used to play for Zob Ahan in the Iran Pro League.	Gabriel Iribarren	Lanús
place of birth	Joseph Horowitz (born 1948, New York City) is an American cultural historian whose seven books mainly deal with the institutional history of classical music in the United States.	Joseph Horowitz	New York City
place of birth	Gisela Beyer (born 16 July 1960 in Eisenhüttenstadt) is a retired East German discus thrower.	Gisela Beyer	Eisenhüttenstadt
place of birth	Peter Kilabuk (born 27 September 1960 in Pangnirtung, Nunavut) is a Canadian politician, who was the Member of the Legislative Assembly (MLA) for the electoral district of Pangnirtung in the Legislative Assembly of Nunavut from 1999 to 2008.	Peter Kilabuk	Pangnirtung
place of birth	Andrew Claude de la Cherois Crommelin (6 February 1865 -- 20 September 1939) was an astronomer of French and Huguenot descent who was born in Cushendun, County Antrim, Ireland.	Andrew Claude de la Cherois Crommelin	Ireland
place of birth	Emmanuelle Bertrand (born 5 November 1971 in Firminy, Loire), is a French cellist.	Emmanuelle Bertrand	Firminy
place of birth	José Valle Román (June 19, 1920 in Buenos Aires -- September 16, 1997 in Buenos Aires) is a retired Argentine professional football player and coach.	José Valle	Buenos Aires
place of birth	Avery Brooks was born in Evansville, Indiana, the son of Eva Lydia (née Crawford), a chorale conductor and music instructor, and Samuel Brooks, a union official and tool and die worker.	Avery Brooks	Evansville
place of birth	Otávio Bulgarelli Didier (born 15 October 1984 in São Gonçalo do Sapucaí) is a Brazilian cyclist riding for Funvic Soul Cycles--	Otávio Bulgarelli	São Gonçalo do Sapucaí
place of birth	Eufrosinia Kersnovskaya was born in Odessa to a family of Russian gentry.	Eufrosinia Kersnovskaya	Odessa
place of birth	Carlo Crivelli ( Venice 1430? -- Ascoli Piceno 1495) was an Italian Renaissance painter of conservative Late Gothic decorative sensibility, who spent his early years in the Veneto, where he absorbed influences from the Vivarini, Squarcione and Mantegna.	Carlo Crivelli	Venice
place of birth	Ed Wasser (born March 26, 1964 in Roslyn Heights, New York) is an American actor, best known for his portrayal of Mr. Morden in 14 episodes of the US science fiction television series Babylon 5.	Ed Wasser	Roslyn Heights, New York
place of birth	Toni Santos Varela Monteiro (born 13 June 1986 in Santa Catarina, Cape Verde), simply known as Toni Varela, is a Cape Verdean footballer who currently plays for Excelsior in the Dutch Eredivisie.	Toni Varela	Santa Catarina
place of birth	Tang Hou Fai is a Macanese international footballer who plays for CD Lam Pak and the Macau national team.	Tang Hou Fai	Macau
place of birth	Ljubomir Tito Stjepan Babić was born in Jastrebarsko on 14 June 1890, the son of Judge Antun Babić and Milka (née Kovačić), and nephew of the author Ljubo Babić (better known as Ksaver Šandor Gjalski).	Ljubo Babić	Jastrebarsko
place of birth	Franz Mazura (born 22 April 1924 in Salzburg) is an Austrian bass-baritone opera singer and actor.	Franz Mazura	Salzburg
place of birth	Ferdinand Kirchhof (born 21 June 1950 in Osnabrück) is a German judge, jurisprudent and tax law expert.	Ferdinand Kirchhof	Osnabrück
place of birth	Sylvie Simmons is a London-born, US-based music journalist, named as a ``principal player'' in Paul Gorman's book on the history of the rock music press In Their Own Write (Sanctuary Publishing, 2001).	Sylvie Simmons	London
place of birth	Oliver Dunne (Dublin, 1977) is an Irish head chef and restaurant owner.	Oliver Dunne	Dublin
place of birth	Juan Gabriel Valdés Soublette (Santiago, June 2, 1947) is a Chilean political scientist, diplomat and former minister during the Eduardo Frei Ruiz-Tagle presidency.	Juan Gabriel Valdés	Santiago
place of birth	Emilios T. Harlaftis (Greek: Αιμίλιος Χαρλαύτης; 29 March 1965, Kiato -- 13 February 2005 Menalo) was an astrophysicist.	Emilios T. Harlaftis	Kiato
place of birth	Lily Castel (born Alice van Acker, 10 April 1937, Ghent) is a Belgian singer, best known for her participation with Jacques Raymond in the 1971 Eurovision Song Contest.	Lily Castel	Ghent
place of birth	Born James Evans in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, to Thomas Mellon Evans and Martha Jarnagin, his mother had his name changed to honor his recently deceased father in 1913.	Thomas Mellon Evans	Pittsburgh
place of birth	Gennady Chkhaidze (Georgian: გენნადი ჩხაიძე; Uzbek: Геннадий Чхаидзе; born June 19, 1974 in Tbilisi) is a retired amateur Georgian Greco-Roman wrestler, who competed in the men's heavyweight category.	Gennady Chkhaidze	Tbilisi
place of birth	William Shirley, the son of William and Elizabeth Godman Shirley, was born on 2 December 1694 at Preston Manor in East Sussex, England.	William Shirley	Preston
place of birth	Neil Ross was born in London, England, on 31 December 1944 and subsequently raised in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.	Neil Ross	London
place of birth	Tom Caron (born in Lewiston, Maine) is a sportscaster and anchor on New England's NESN network.	Tom Caron	Lewiston
place of birth	Robert Wylie (1839 - February 4, 1877), American artist, was born in the Isle of Man and relocated with his parents to the United States as a child.	Robert Wylie	Isle of Man
place of birth	Andreas von Gundelsheimer (ca. 1668 - 17 June 1715) was a German physician and botanist born in Feuchtwangen.	Andreas von Gundelsheimer	Feuchtwangen
place of birth	Llyn Foulkes (born 1934, 17 November, Yakima, Washington) is an American artist living and working in Los Angeles.	Llyn Foulkes	Yakima
place of birth	Marcelo D2 (born Marcelo Maldonado Peixoto, November 5, 1967, in Rio de Janeiro) is a Brazilian rapper.	Marcelo D2	Rio de Janeiro
place of birth	Bertie Johnston was born in Geraldton, Western Australia on 11 January 1880, the son of Harry Johnston, Surveyor-General of Western Australia.	Bertie Johnston	Geraldton
place of birth	Bo Nilsson (born 1 May 1937 in Skellefteå), is a Swedish composer and lyricist.	Bo Nilsson	Skellefteå
place of birth	Louise Le Baron (née Shepherd) was born in Winchester, Massachusetts in 1874 and at around the age of sixteen began singing with a church choir at Boston area engagements.	Louise Le Baron	Winchester
place of birth	Norman Dean (born Corby 13 September 1944) was a professional footballer, who started his professional career at Southampton, before spells at Cardiff City and Barnsley.	Norman Dean	Corby
place of birth	Patrick Pircher (born 7 April 1982, in Bregenz) is an Austrian footballer playing for FC Dornbirn.	Patrick Pircher	Bregenz
place of birth	Robert J. Reiley, AIA, (1878--1961) was an American architect practicing in New York City in the early and mid twentieth century.	Robert J. Reiley	New York City
place of birth	Charles C. Scruggs, better known by his stage name Wish Bone, is an American rapper and member of the Grammy Award-winning Cleveland rap group Bone Thugs-n-Harmony.	Wish Bone	Cleveland
place of birth	Maria Pitillo was born on January 8, 1965, in Elmira, New York, and grew up in Mahwah, New Jersey.	Maria Pitillo	Elmira
place of birth	Dénes Rósa (born 7 April 1977 in Budapest) is a Hungarian international footballer, who is currently playing for Hungarian First League club Ferencváros.	Dénes Rósa	Budapest
place of birth	Andrea Morassi (born August 30, 1988 in Tolmezzo) is an Italian ski jumper who has competed since 2003.	Andrea Morassi	Tolmezzo
place of birth	Exaucé Mayombo (born 23 August 1990 in Berlin) is a German-Congolese footballer who plays as a striker for Dynamo Dresden II.	Exaucé Mayombo	Berlin
place of birth	Panagiotis Danglis was born in Agrinio in 1853, the son of Major General Georgios Danglis (1809--1896).	Panagiotis Danglis	Agrinio
place of birth	Pietro Anderloni (Brescia, 1785--1849) was an Italian engraver of the 19th century.	Pietro Anderloni	Brescia
place of birth	Gaetano Chiaveri (1689 in Rome -- 5 March 1770) was an Italian Baroque architect and master builder, most notable for his work as part of the second phase of the Dresden Baroque.	Gaetano Chiaveri	Rome
place of birth	Karl Hartwig Gregor von Meusebach (June 6, 1781 - August 22, 1847) was a German lawyer and literary scholar born in Voigtstedt, Thuringia.	Karl Hartwig Gregor von Meusebach	Voigtstedt
place of birth	The only child of Betty M., a nurse and attorney, and Nathan R. Wadewitz, a Lutheran pastor, Adrianne Wadewitz was born on January 6, 1977, in Omaha, Nebraska.	Adrianne Wadewitz	Omaha
place of birth	Jitka Štenclová (* 10 December 1952, Opava) is a Czech painter and textile artist, member of famous Czech association of artists Umělecká beseda.	Jitka Štenclová	Opava
place of birth	Vytautas Andrius Graičiūnas (August 17, 1898 in Chicago -- January 9, 1952 in Olzheras, Siberia) was a Lithuanian management theorist, management consultant, and engineer.	Vytautas Andrius Graičiūnas	Chicago
place of birth	Geoffrey Kelley (born February 17, 1955 in Montreal, Quebec) is a Quebec politician, coach and teacher.	Geoffrey Kelley	Montreal
place of birth	Kyle Landas (born January 8, 1979 in Iowa City, Iowa) is a fine art artist who typically creates his artwork in leather.	Kyle Landas	Iowa City
place of birth	Steeve Gustan (born 26 January 1985 in Martinique) is a Martiniquais international footballer who plays for CS Bélimois Lamentin of the Martinique Promotion d'Honneur the second level of Martinique's football league system.	Steeve Gustan	Martinique
place of birth	Zbigniew Robert Promiński (b. 30 December 1978 in Tczew), stage name Inferno, is a Polish heavy metal musician, best known as the drummer for blackened death metal band Behemoth.	Zbigniew Robert Promiński	Tczew
place of birth	Sabine Busch (born 21 November 1962 in Erfurt) is a retired East German athlete, who specialized in the 400 metres and the 400 metres hurdles.	Sabine Busch	Erfurt
place of birth	Robert Quiroga (10 October 1969 in San Antonio, Texas -- 16 August 2004 in San Antonio) was the International Boxing Federation Super flyweight champion from 1990 to 1993.	Robert Quiroga	San Antonio
place of birth	Emanuele Arciuli (born in Galatone on June 26, 1965) is an Italian classical pianist.	Emanuele Arciuli	Galatone
place of birth	Anthony Cameron O'Reilly, generally known as Cameron O'Reilly, (born 28 April 1964) is a Dublin-born businessman with Irish and Australian citizenship, the son an Irish father, media magnate Tony O'Reilly and an Australian mother, Susan Cameron.	Cameron O'Reilly	Dublin
place of birth	Elizabeth Gill Lui (born Nancy Elizabeth Gill; 6 February 1951) in Yonkers, New York is an American photographer and artist.	Elizabeth Gill Lui	Yonkers
place of birth	Jaime Castrillón (born 5 April 1983 in Puerto Nare) is a Colombian footballer who most recently played for NASL club Jacksonville Armada.	Jaime Castrillón	Puerto Nare
place of birth	Akapei Latu (born November 3, 1978 in Nuku'alofa) is a Tongan judoka, who competed in the men's lightweight category.	Akapei Latu	Nuku'alofa
place of birth	Roxana Maracineanu or Mărăcineanu (born 7 May 1975 in Bucharest) is a Romanian-born French former backstroke swimmer.	Roxana Maracineanu	Bucharest
place of birth	Noël Ballay was born at Fontenay-sur-Eure on 14 July 1847, the younger son of a farm worker.	Noël Ballay	Fontenay-sur-Eure
place of birth	Maurice Bavaud (January 15, 1916 in Neuchâtel -- May 14, 1941 in Berlin-Plötzensee) was a Swiss theology student who in 1938 attempted to assassinate Adolf Hitler.	Maurice Bavaud	Neuchâtel
place of birth	Infanta Blanca of Spain was born in Graz, Styria, Austria-Hungary, the eldest child of Carlos, Duke of Madrid, the Carlist claimant to the throne of Spain under the name Carlos VII and of his wife Princess Margherita of Bourbon-Parma.	Infanta Blanca of Spain	Graz
place of birth	Xavier Grall was born in Landivisiau in Finistère, but moved to Paris.	Xavier Grall	Landivisiau
place of birth	Juma Mossi was born into a family in the town of Bujumbura and grew up in the town of Buyenzi at the westhen outskirts of the city Bujumbura.	Juma Mossi	Bujumbura
place of birth	Hayley Carline (born 22 November 1985), better known as Ava Leigh, is a British reggae singer from Chester, England.	Ava Leigh	Chester
place of birth	Davit Mchedlishvili (born 5 April 1988 in Tbilisi) is a Georgian footballer who plays for Ameri Tbilisi at Pirveli Liga.	Davit Mchedlishvili	Tbilisi
place of birth	Allene Ray (January 2, 1901 - May 5, 1979) was a motion pictures actress from San Antonio, Texas.	Allene Ray	San Antonio
place of birth	Giorgio Gorla (born August 7, 1944 in Novara) is an Italian sailor.	Giorgio Gorla	Novara
place of birth	Ilaria Bianco (born May 29, 1980 in Pisa) is an Italian sabre fencer.	Ilaria Bianco	Pisa
place of birth	Benjamin Owusu (July 20, 1989 -- November 10, 2010 in Accra) was a Ghanaian footballer.	Benjamin Owusu	Accra
place of birth	Jean-François Antonioli (b. Lausanne, February 25, 1959) is a Swiss pianist, conductor and piano pedagogue.	Jean-François Antonioli	Lausanne
place of birth	Justin Meldal-Johnsen (born March 26, 1970 in Eugene, Oregon) is an American producer, songwriter, bassist, multi-instrumentalist and musical director, best known for his work as a musician with Grammy Award-winning artists Beck and Nine Inch Nails, as well as Air and M83.	Justin Meldal-Johnsen	Eugene
place of birth	Valsala Menon was born in 1945 to Raman Menon and Devakiyamma in Thrissur District.	Valsala Menon	Thrissur
place of birth	Marcel Heller (born 12 February 1986 in Frechen) is a German footballer who plays as a Winger for SV Darmstadt 98 .	Marcel Heller	Frechen
place of birth	Alexander Zippelius (1797, Würzburg -- 31 December 1828, Kupang) was a Dutch horticulturalist and botanical collector in the East Indies.	Alexander Zippelius	Würzburg
place of birth	Vicente Wanchope Kelly (born 19 July 1946 in Limón) is a Costa Rican former footballer, who played most of his career at striker with Herediano.	Vicente Wanchope	Limón
place of birth	Ivan Šimko (born January 1, 1955, Bratislava) is Slovak politician and former Defence Minister.	Ivan Šimko	Bratislava
place of birth	Gary Walsh (born 21 March 1968 in Wigan) is an English football coach and former footballer who is the goalkeeping coach for Hull City.	Gary Walsh	Wigan
place of birth	Güner Ureya (born 6 January 1973 in Prizren, SFR Yugoslavia, today Kosovo) is a Kosovar diplomat.	Güner Ureya	Prizren
place of birth	Ludwig Passini was born on 9 July 1832 in Vienna, the son of the engraver Johann Nepomuk Passini -- the Passini family moved to Trieste in 1850.	Ludwig Passini	Vienna
place of birth	Tom Flannery (born July 12, 1966) is an American singer-songwriter and playwright from Scranton, Pennsylvania, United States.	Tom Flannery	Scranton
place of birth	Uroob was a prominent member of the literary circle that had formed in the 1930s in Ponnani.	Uroob	Ponnani
place of birth	Jean-Baptiste-Joseph Duchesne (1770, Gisors, Eure - 1856, Paris) was a French painter and miniaturist.	Jean-Baptiste-Joseph Duchesne	Gisors
place of birth	Alicja Trout is a Memphis-based American rock guitarist, singer, songwriter and artist.	Alicja Trout	Memphis
place of birth	Carlos Roberto Atehortúa born June 27, 1987 in Neiva, is a Colombian football Goalkeeper, who currently plays for Millonarios in the Copa Mustang.	Carlos Roberto Atehortúa	Neiva
place of birth	Arturo Carrera is an Argentine poet born on 27 March 1948 in Coronel Pringles, Buenos Aires Province.	Arturo Carrera	Coronel Pringles
place of birth	Granville Smith (born 4 February 1937) was a Welsh professional footballer, hailing from the small mining village of Penrhiwceiber.	Granville Smith	Penrhiwceiber
place of birth	Tamás Vető (Budapest, 1935) is a Hungarian-born Danish choral and opera conductor.	Tamás Vető	Budapest
place of birth	Muhammad Younis Butt was born in Gujranwala, a city in Punjab Province renowned for its healthy food and enriched culture, on 4 January 1962.	Muhammad Younis Butt	Gujranwala
place of birth	On June 7, 2008, Chad Hedrick and Lynsey Elizabeth Adams were married in Houston, Texas.	Chad Hedrick	Houston
place of birth	Robert William Sawyer Jr. was born in Bangor, Maine on May 12, 1880, the oldest child of Robert William Sawyer (1850-1918) and Martha Copp (Paul) Sawyer.	Robert William Sawyer	Bangor
place of birth	Florian Heller (born 10 March 1982 in Rosenheim) is a German football coach and former footballer.	Florian Heller	Rosenheim
place of birth	Owen McCarron (1929, Halifax, Nova Scotia -- June 27, 2005) was a Canadian cartoonist and publisher.	Owen McCarron	Halifax
place of birth	Attila Menyhárt (born 26 November 1984 in Budapest) is a Hungarian football player who currently plays for BFC Siófok (Hungarian first division).	Attila Menyhárt	Budapest
place of birth	Ingrīda Amantova (born June 21, 1960 in Cēsis) is a Latvian-born Soviet luger who competed during the early 1980s.	Ingrīda Amantova	Cēsis
place of birth	Rajesh S. Jala is a documentary filmmaker born in Kashmir in the 1970s who has been making films since his first short work with Tassaduq Hussain in 1996.	Rajesh S. Jala	Kashmir
place of birth	Vladyslav Helzin (Ukrainian: Владислав Григорович Гельзін; born 27 August 1973 in Donetsk, Ukrainian SSR) is a Ukrainian public figure, politician, footballer and football functionary, President of FC Olimpic Donetsk.	Vladyslav Helzin	Donetsk
place of birth	Beatrice Tomasson born in 1859 to William and Sarah Anne Tomasson, in Barnby Moor, Nottinghamshire; she was their second child.	Beatrice Tomasson	Nottinghamshire
place of birth	George Washington Cable (October 12, 1844 -- January 31, 1925) was an American novelist notable for the realism of his portrayals of Creole life in his native New Orleans, Louisiana.	George Washington Cable	New Orleans
place of birth	Johann Zahn (29 March 1641, Karlstadt am Main -- 27 June 1707) was the seventeenth-century German author of Oculus Artificialis Teledioptricus Sive Telescopium (Würzburg, 1685).	Johann Zahn	Karlstadt am Main
place of birth	Wendel Alex dos Santos, the Wendel born in Ribeirão Preto, is an attacking midfielder who plays in the Atlético Mineiro.	Wendel Alex dos Santos	Ribeirão Preto
place of birth	Shagun Chowdhary (born in 1983) is an Indian shooter from Jaipur, Rajasthan.	Shagun Chowdhary	Jaipur
place of birth	Prem Prakash is born to K.J.Joseph and Eliyamma Joseph at Kochi, Kerala.	Prem Prakash	Kochi
place of birth	Choe Myong-ho (Chosŏn'gŭl: 최명호; born 3 July 1988 in Pyongyang) is a North Korean footballer, who currently plays for National Defense Ministry in the Cambodian League.	Choe Myong-ho	Pyongyang
place of birth	Martha Medeiros (born August 20, 1961, in Porto Alegre) is a Brazilian writer and journalist.	Martha Medeiros	Porto Alegre
place of birth	Christopher George was born in Royal Oak, Michigan, on February 25, 1931, the son of Greek immigrants John and Vaseleke George.	Christopher George	Royal Oak, Michigan
place of birth	Pascal Lino (born in Sartrouville, Yvelines on August 13, 1966) is a French former road racing cyclist.	Pascal Lino	Sartrouville
place of birth	Don Amendolia (born February 1, 1945 in Woodbury, New Jersey) is an American actor most notably recognized from his recurring role as Big Al Kennedy in NBC's soap opera Sunset Beach, recurring role on Twin Peaks and many other guest roles.	Don Amendolia	Woodbury, New Jersey
place of birth	Oskar Eberhard Ulbrich (17 September 1879 in Berlin -- 4 November 1952) was a German botanist and mycologist.	Oskar Eberhard Ulbrich	Berlin
place of birth	Mario Severino, ``Marty Servo'' (November 3, 1919 in Schenectady, New York -- February 9, 1969 in Pueblo, Colorado) was the former world welterweight boxing champion.	Marty Servo	Schenectady
place of birth	Walter Percy Day was born in Luton (Bedfordshire) to Eli Day and Lucy Day, née Crawley, the second of three children.	Walter Percy Day	Luton
place of birth	Originating from Tongxiang, Zhejiang Province, Feng Zikai was a contemporary painter, writer, and teacher of music.	Feng Zikai	Tongxiang
place of birth	Pier Luigi Nervi was born in Sondrio and attended the Civil Engineering School of Bologna, from which he graduated in 1913.	Pier Luigi Nervi	Sondrio
place of birth	Klaas-Erik Zwering (born May 19, 1981 in Eindhoven, North Brabant) is a former Dutch swimmer and an Olympic medalist.	Klaas-Erik Zwering	Eindhoven
place of birth	Antony Penrose was born on 9 September 1947 in the London Clinic, central London.	Antony Penrose	London
place of birth	Monique de Roux (born 1946 in Boulogne-Billancourt) is a French painter and engraver.	Monique de Roux	Boulogne-Billancourt
place of birth	Taylor Branch (born January 14, 1947, in Atlanta, Georgia) is an American author and historian best known for his award-winning trilogy of books chronicling the life of Martin Luther King, Jr. and much of the history of the American Civil Rights Movement.	Taylor Branch	Atlanta
place of birth	Fritz Cremer (1906, Arnsberg, Westphalia - 1993) was a German sculptor of catholic extraction who turned to communism in the 1920s.	Fritz Cremer	Arnsberg
place of birth	Vivianne Pasmanter (May 24, 1971 in São Paulo) is a Brazilian actress.	Vivianne Pasmanter	São Paulo
place of birth	Anica Kovač (Croatian pronunciation: (ânit͡sa kǒʋaːt͡ʃ); née Martinović (martǐːnoʋit͡ɕ); born 3 March 1976 in West Berlin, West Germany) is a Croatian former model best known for being the First Runner-up in the Miss World 1995 competition and for her marriage to the Croatian football player Robert Kovač.	Anica Kovač	West Berlin
place of birth	Doctor Jaroslav Kacmarcyk or Jarosław Kaczmarczyk, also spelled Iaroslav Karchmarchyk (1885--1944) was born in Binczarowa, in the Kingdom of Galicia and Lodomeria (present-day Poland), and was the head of the Lemko-Rusyn Republic from 1918 to 1920.	Jaroslav Kacmarcyk	Binczarowa
place of birth	Vedran Jerković (born 13 October 1991, in Bugojno) is a Croatian footballer, currently playing for Istra 1961 in the Prva HNL.	Vedran Jerković	Bugojno
place of birth	Satyananda Saraswati was born 1923 at Almora, Uttaranchal, into a family of farmers and zamindars.	Satyananda Saraswati	Almora
place of birth	Mehdi Haghizadeh (born September 16, 1981 in Tehran, Iran) is an Iranian professional soccer player.	Mehdi Haghizadeh	Iran
place of birth	Lorenzo Barcelata (July 24, 1898 -- July 13, 1943) was a Mexican composer and actor born in Tlalixcoyan, Veracruz.	Lorenzo Barcelata	Veracruz
place of birth	László Mérő (December 11, 1949, Budapest -) is a Hungarian research psychologist and popular science author.	László Mérő	Budapest
place of birth	Hernán Buenahora Gutíerrez (born March 18, 1967 in Barichara, Santander) is a Colombian road racing cyclist, who was nicknamed El Cabrito de Barichara during his career.	Hernán Buenahora	Barichara
place of birth	Walter Pohl (born 27 December 1953, in Vienna) is an Austrian historian.	Walter Pohl	Vienna
place of birth	Alexandre Alves (full name Alexandre Alves da Silva; born 6 March 1981 in Paraná) is a former Brazilian football player.	Alexandre Alves da Silva	Paraná
place of birth	Upon the disbandment of the Streltsy regiments, General Avtonom Golovin and Adam Veyde were ordered to form 18 infantry and 2 Dragoon regiments in Moscow in the fall of 1699.	Adam Veyde	Moscow
place of birth	Marquinhos real name Marcos Corrêa dos Santos (born 2 October 1971 in Rio de Janeiro) is a Brazilian football player.	Marcos Corrêa dos Santos	Rio de Janeiro
place of birth	Elfi von Dassanowsky (also known as Elfi Dassanowsky or Elfriede Dassanowsky) was born Elfriede Maria Elisabeth Charlotte Dassanowsky in Vienna, the daughter of Franz Leopold von Dassanowsky, a civil servant in the Austrian Trade Ministry, and Anna (née Grünwald).	Elfi von Dassanowsky	Vienna
place of birth	Marcellin Gaha Djiadeu (born March 24, 1982 in Bafang) is a professional Cameroonian footballer currently playing as Player-Coach for Unisport de Bafang.	Marcellin Gaha Djiadeu	Bafang
place of birth	Achille Broutin (named Aquilès in Spain) is born in Metz in 1860.	Achille Broutin	Metz
place of birth	Krzysztof Kasztelan (born 10 August 1961 in Łódź) is a Polish former footballer who played mainly as a forward.	Krzysztof Kasztelan	Łódź
place of birth	Cheetah Chrome (born Eugene O'Connor, February 18, 1955, Cleveland, Ohio) is an American musician who achieved fame as a guitarist for Rocket From the Tombs and the punk rock band, The Dead Boys.	Cheetah Chrome	Cleveland
place of birth	Yunior Díaz Zayas (born 28 April 1987 in Sancti Spíritus) is a Cuban track and field athlete who specialises in the decathlon and long jump.	Yunior Díaz	Sancti Spíritus
place of birth	Julius L. Shaneson (born July 24, 1944, Richmond, Virginia) is an American mathematician.	Julius L. Shaneson	Richmond
place of birth	Born in Tiraspol, in the Moldovan SSR, Soviet Union, Vitalie Bulat started his senior career in the season 2003--04 by playing with FC Sheriff-2 Tiraspol in the Moldovan Second League.	Vitalie Bulat	Tiraspol
place of birth	Frederick Eaton (1856 -- March 11, 1934), known as Fred Eaton, was a major individual in the transformation and expansion of Los Angeles in the latter 19th century through early 20th century, in California.	Frederick Eaton	Los Angeles
place of birth	Brent Sancho CM (born 13 March 1977 in Port of Spain) is a Trinidadian former football player and politician.	Brent Sancho	Port of Spain
place of birth	Magnus Mills was born in Birmingham and brought up in Bristol.	Magnus Mills	Birmingham
place of birth	Stéphane Meer (born October 5, 1951 in Paris) is a French composer of film scores.	Stéphane Meer	Paris
place of birth	Barbora Dibelková (born 26 May 1983, in Čáslav) is a Czech race walker.	Barbora Dibelková	Čáslav
place of birth	Ed Setrakian (born October 1, 1928 in Anawalt, West Virginia, USA) is an American actor of film and television.	Ed Setrakian	Anawalt, West Virginia
place of birth	Isaac Rosenberg was born in Bristol, the second of six children and the eldest son of his parents (his twin brother died at birth), Barnett (formerly Dovber) and Hacha Rosenberg, who were Lithuanian Jewish immigrants to Great Britain from Dvinsk (now in Latvia).	Isaac Rosenberg	Bristol
place of birth	Vlado Jagodić (Serbian Cyrillic: Владо Јагодић; born March 22, 1964 in Bosanska Gradiška, SFR Yugoslavia) is a Bosnian Serb football manager and former player.	Vlado Jagodić	Gradiška
place of birth	Robert Kosch (5 April 1856 in Kłodzko-22 December 1942) was a Prussian General of the Infantry during World War I.	Robert Kosch	Kłodzko
place of birth	Kingdom Yuen (born 11 September 1962), also known as Yuen King-dan (苑瓊丹), is a Hong Kong actress with a long history working with TVB; she recently left TVB to focus on China-based dramas.	Kingdom Yuen	Hong Kong
place of birth	Romain Zingle (born January 29, 1987 in Lobbes) is a Belgian professional rider.	Romain Zingle	Lobbes
place of birth	Julius Mosen (Julius Moses) was born at Marieney in the Saxon Vogtland, the son of Johannes Gottlob Moses, the cantor and schoolmaster of Marieney.	Julius Mosen	Marieney
place of birth	Ulli Lust, born 1967 in Vienna, is an Austrian cartoonist who lives and works in Berlin.	Ulli Lust	Vienna
place of birth	Brandon Mroz was born in St. Louis, Missouri, one of four brothers.	Brandon Mroz	St. Louis
place of birth	Ann Richards was born Dorothy Ann Willis in Lakeview (now part of Lacy Lakeview), McLennan County, Texas, the only child of Robert Cecil Willis and Mildred Iona Warren.	Ann Richards	Lacy Lakeview
place of birth	Gigi Garanzini (Biella, 1948) is an Italian sports journalist.	Gigi Garanzini	Biella
place of birth	Raza Muhammad was born on 28 August 1957 in Havelian in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan.	Raza Muhammad	Havelian
place of birth	Bartolomeo Panizza (August 17, 1785 -- April 17, 1867) was an Italian anatomist born in Vicenza.	Bartolomeo Panizza	Vicenza
place of birth	Nicole Notat, born 26 July 1947 in Châtrices, Marne, is the former secretary general of the union CFDT.	Nicole Notat	Châtrices
place of birth	Brian Boyd (born 30 July 1952 in Belfast, Northern Ireland) is known primarily as an expert on the life and works of author Vladimir Nabokov and on literature and evolution.	Brian Boyd	Belfast
place of birth	James Victor Heinz (born February 6, 1983 in Long Island, U.S.A), better known by his stage name J57 is an American rapper, songwriter and record producer.	J57	Long Island
place of birth	Felipe Henrique Jose dos Santos, known as Felipe Fumaça or simply Felipe (born 8 July 1993 in Araraquara) is a Brazilian football player.	Felipe Henrique Jose dos Santos	Araraquara
place of birth	Reginald Shepherd (April 10, 1963 -- September 10, 2008) was an American poet, born in New York City and raised in the Bronx.	Reginald Shepherd	New York City
place of birth	Thomas Florschütz (born 20 February 1978 in Sonneberg) is a German bobsleder who has competed since 2006.	Thomas Florschütz	Sonneberg
place of birth	Heinrich Albertz was born in Breslau (present-day Wrocław, Poland), in the Prussian province of Silesia, to the court preacher and consistorial councilor Hugo Albertz and his second wife Elisabeth, née Meinhof.	Heinrich Albertz	Wrocław
place of birth	Li Fusheng was born in Ju County, Shandong but moved to Dalian to receive training in a Sports School where after he graduated he got a job in a petroleum factory to support his family after the death of his father.	Li Fusheng	Ju County
place of birth	Joe Robert Pemagbi (born 22 November 1945 in Bo) is a Sierra Leonean diplomat.	Joe Robert Pemagbi	Bo
place of birth	Dr. Saeed Sohrabpour (Persian: سعيد سهراب پور ‎, born in 1943 in Tehran) is an Iranian academic and the 15th chancellor of Sharif University of Technology from 1997 to 2010.	Saeed Sohrabpour	Tehran
place of birth	Michael Yani (born December 31, 1980 in Singapore) is an inactive Singaporean-American tennis player.	Michael Yani	Singapore
place of birth	James Dobson was born to Myrtle Georgia (née Dillingham) and James C. Dobson, Sr., on April 21, 1936, in Shreveport, Louisiana.	James Dobson	Shreveport
place of birth	Stefano Braschi (born 6 June 1957 in Barberino di Mugello, Florence) is a retired Italian football referee.	Stefano Braschi	Barberino di Mugello
place of birth	Artemisia I of Caria (Ancient Greek: Ἀρτεμισία; Persian: آرتمیس‎‎; fl. 480 BCE) was queen of Halicarnassus, a city of Dorian Greeks and Carians in the Achaemenid satrapy of Caria and of the nearby island of Kos, in about 480 BCE.	Artemisia I of Caria	Halicarnassus
place of birth	Morton Dean Joyce (1900--1989), of New York City, was a philatelist who specialized in the collection of United States revenue stamps and became known by his philatelic friends as the ``Dean of United States revenue collectors.''	Morton Dean Joyce	New York City
place of birth	Michalis Kapsis helped Ethnikos Piraeus achieve promotion to the Greek top flight in his first season at the club, 1993/94	Michalis Kapsis	Piraeus
place of birth	Gaelle Adisson is an urban, deep house, and downtempo singer/songwriter/producer born in New Jersey.	Gaelle Adisson	New Jersey
place of birth	Daniel Dewey (January 29, 1766 -- May 26, 1815) was a U.S. Representative from Sheffield, Massachusetts.	Daniel Dewey	Sheffield
place of birth	Serge Lang was born in Saint-Germain-en-Laye close to Paris.	Serge Lang	Saint-Germain-en-Laye
place of birth	Phil Roy (born February 28, 1959, Philadelphia) is an American musician, singer, and songwriter.	Phil Roy	Philadelphia
place of birth	Donnie Fritts (born November 8, 1942, Florence, Alabama) is an American session musician and songwriter.	Donnie Fritts	Florence
place of birth	Hans Westerhof (born 24 November 1948 in Terborg, Gelderland) is a Dutch football (soccer) coach and currently technical director at FC Pachuca.	Hans Westerhof	Terborg
place of birth	Born in Lens in 1905, André Hornez a passion early for architecture and writing.	André Hornez	Lens
place of birth	Abdul Hamid II was born at the Topkapı Palace in Istanbul (Constantinople), the capital of the Ottoman Empire, on 21 September 1842.	Abdul Hamid II	Topkapı Palace	Constantinople
place of birth	Wilbur Harden (December 31, 1924, Birmingham, Alabama -- June 10, 1969, New York City) was an American jazz trumpeter, flugelhornist and composer.	Wilbur Harden	Birmingham
place of birth	Walter J. Mahoney (March 10, 1908 Buffalo, New York - March 1, 1982) was an American lawyer and politician.	Walter J. Mahoney	Buffalo
place of birth	Dr. Kamala Sankrityayan was born on 15 August 1920 in Kalimpong in West Bengal.	Kamala Sankrityayan	Kalimpong
place of birth	Cem Uzan (born 26 December 1960, Adapazarı) is a Turkish businessman and politician of involved in the media and banking industries, while also chairing the right-populist Young Party.	Cem Uzan	Adapazarı
place of birth	Oku Mumeo was born the eldest daughter of a third-generation blacksmith in October 24, 1895 outside of Fukui.	Oku Mumeo	Fukui
place of birth	Murphy Lee, was born and raised in St. Louis, Missouri, and formed the St. Lunatics with fellow rappers Nelly, Ali, Kyjuan, and City Spud.	Murphy Lee	St. Louis
place of birth	Pablo Herrera Barrantes (born 14 February 1987, in Alajuela) is a Costa Rican professional footballer who currently plays for Cartaginés.	Pablo Herrera Barrantes	Alajuela
place of birth	Giorgio Lapazaya (c.1495 in Monopoli -- c.1570) was an Italian mathematician and musician.	Giorgio Lapazaya	Monopoli
place of birth	Thomas Silverstein was born in Long Beach, California, to Virginia Conway.	Thomas Silverstein	Long Beach
place of birth	As soon as the news of Alexander's death reached Athens, Leosthenes was despatched to Taenarus to engage the services of these 8,000 troops.	Leosthenes	Athens
place of birth	Siwan Morris (born in Glynneath on 7 February 1976) is a Welsh actress.	Siwan Morris	Glynneath
place of birth	Adolf Kainz (June 5, 1903, Linz -- July 12, 1948) was an Austrian sprint canoer who competed in the late 1930s.	Adolf Kainz	Linz
place of birth	Hasnain Qayyum Khan (born 15 January 1975 in Lahore) is a former Pakistani cricketer who played first-class cricket from 1994 to 2000.	Hasnain Qayyum	Lahore
place of birth	Topi Mattila (born 29 March 1946 in Helsinki) is a Finnish former ski jumper who competed from 1964 to 1969.	Topi Mattila	Helsinki
place of birth	Michael Lederer (born July 9, 1956 in Princeton, New Jersey) is an American novelist, short story writer, poet and playwright currently living in Berlin, Germany.	Michael Lederer	Princeton
place of birth	Bernard Lewis was born to middle-class Jewish parents in Stoke Newington, London.	Bernard Lewis	Stoke Newington
place of birth	Hassan Shirmohammadi (Persian: حسن شیرمحمدی) born May 22, 1968 in Tehran is a retired Iranian football player.	Hassan Shirmohammadi	Tehran
place of birth	Boudewijn Buckinx (born Lommel, 28 March 1945) is a Belgian composer and writer on music.	Boudewijn Buckinx	Lommel
place of birth	Dion Phaneuf was born April 10, 1985, in Edmonton, Alberta, to Paul, a construction worker, and Amber, a nurse, both originally from the province of Prince Edward Island.	Dion Phaneuf	Edmonton
place of birth	Barbara Frischmuth (born 5 July 1941 in Altaussee, Salzkammergut) is an Austrian writer of poetry and prose.	Barbara Frischmuth	Altaussee
place of birth	Dimitri Terzakis (Greek: Δημήτρης Τερζάκης; born March 12, 1938 in Athens) is a Greek composer.	Dimitri Terzakis	Athens
place of birth	Nihal Yalçın (born 29 March 1981, Istanbul), is a Turkish actress and occasional singer.	Nihal Yalçın	Istanbul
place of birth	Dr. Hans Gaffron was born in Lima, Peru, on May 17, 1902, and was a son of the German physician Eduard Gaffron and his wife Hedwig von Gevekot.	Hans Gaffron	Lima
place of birth	Bernhard Kontarsky (born 26 April 1937 in Iserlohn) is a German conductor, pianist, and teacher.	Bernhard Kontarsky	Iserlohn
place of birth	Otto Lasch was born in Pleß (now Pszczyna, Poland) as son of the master forester of the Prince of Pless in Silesia.	Otto Lasch	Pszczyna
place of birth	Kelly Anderson (born 20 April 1985, in Port Shepstone) is a former South African tennis player.	Kelly Anderson	Port Shepstone
place of birth	Hugo Haase was born on 29 September 1863 in Allenstein (today: Olsztyn), in the Province of East Prussia, the son of Jewish shoemaker and small businessman, Nathan Haase, and his wife Pauline (née Anker).	Hugo Haase	Olsztyn
place of birth	Ashanta Baghphukan (Assamese: অশান্ত বাঘফুকন) (born: 1963), real name Tarun Phukan, is the Chief Organising Secretary of ULFA, the banned terrorist group of Assam.	Ashanta Baghphukan	Assam
place of birth	Yang Pengfeng (simplified Chinese: 杨朋锋; traditional Chinese: 楊朋锋; pinyin: Yáng Péngfēng; Cantonese Yale: Yeung4 Pang4 Fung1; born February 9, 1979 in Guangzhou, Guangdong) is a football commentator and former Chinese footballer.	Yang Pengfeng	Guangzhou
place of birth	Yeşim Ağaoğlu (born January 21, 1966 in Istanbul, Turkey) is a multidisciplinary artist and a poet who works with various mediums, especially concentrating on installation, photography and video.	Yeşim Ağaoğlu	Istanbul
place of birth	Esteban Arias (born August 26, 1982 in Bakersfield, California) is an American soccer player of Mexican heritage, currently without a club.	Esteban Arias	Bakersfield
place of birth	Nick Farquharson (born September 7, 1988 in Coventry) is an English footballer who used to belong to Crewe Alexandra.	Nick Farquharson	Coventry
place of birth	Michał Bałasz (born January 22, 1924, in Vilnius) is an architect, specializing in sacred architecture, notably Orthodox and Roman Catholic churches.	Michał Bałasz	Vilnius
place of birth	Alfred Kast (25 July 1856, Illenau near Achern - 7 January 1903) was a German internist.	Alfred Kast	Achern
place of birth	Luis María Bandrés (Basque: Luis Mari Bandrés) (February 18, 1944 Pasaia - December 2, 2009) was a Spanish politician who served as the leader of the Basque Nationalist Party (PNV).	Luis María Bandrés	Pasaia
place of birth	Giuliano Terraneo (born October 16, 1953 in Briosco) is a retired Italian professional football player and the director of football of Fenerbahçe SK.	Giuliano Terraneo	Briosco
place of birth	Linda McCarriston (born Lynn, Massachusetts) and holding dual citizenship of Ireland and the United States, is a poet and Professor in the Department of Creative Writing and Literature at the University of Alaska Anchorage, teaching creative writing and literary arts since 1994.	Linda McCarriston	Lynn
place of birth	Gabriele Reinsch (23 September 1963 in Cottbus) is a German track and field athlete.	Gabriele Reinsch	Cottbus
place of birth	Mai Jiajian (Chinese: 麦嘉键; born 19 October 1995 in Guangzhou) is a Chinese professional football player who currently plays for Chinese Super League side Shanghai Shenxin as a Midfielder.	Mai Jiajian	Guangzhou
place of birth	Marc Kaschke was the previous mayor of North Platte, Nebraska.	Marc Kaschke	North Platte
place of birth	Lorna Vevers (born Dumfries, 31 January 1981) is a Scottish curler living in Lockerbie.	Lorna Vevers	Dumfries
place of birth	Roger Berry was born in 1948 in Huddersfield and educated at the Dalton County Primary School on Mayfield Avenue in Huddersfield;	Roger Berry	Huddersfield
place of birth	Adamos Chatzigeorgiou, sometimes transliterated as Adamos Hadjigeorgiou, (Greek: Αδάμος Χατζηγεωργίου; born 18 September 1992 in Larnaca) is a Cypriot football midfielder who currently plays for Anorthosis FC in the Cypriot First Division.	Adamos Chatzigeorgiou	Larnaca
place of birth	Henry Isaac (born 14 February 1980 in Owerri), formerly known as Henry Nwosu, is a Nigerian former footballer.	Henry Isaac	Owerri
place of birth	Brigita Bukovec (born May 21, 1970 in Ljubljana) is a retired Slovenian hurdler who won a surprising Olympic silver medal in 1996.	Brigita Bukovec	Ljubljana
place of birth	Brice Owona (born March 4, 1989 in Yaoundé) is a professional Cameroonian footballer currently playing for IR Tanger.	Brice Owona	Yaoundé
place of birth	Solaiman Solaiman (Arabic: سليمان سليمان‎) (born 6 May 1990 in Syria) is a Syrian footballer.	Solaiman Solaiman	Syria
place of birth	Jeff Fabry (born April 14, 1973 in Hanford, California) is an American amputee and Paralympic archer.	Jeff Fabry	Hanford
place of birth	Kermit Lynch is an American wine importer, author, and winemaker based in Berkeley, California.	Kermit Lynch	California
place of birth	André Hurst, born in 1940, in Geneva, is a Hellenist, professor and former Rector of the University of Geneva.	André Hurst	Geneva
place of birth	Born in Sines, Setúbal District, Mário Rui started his career at local Vasco da Gama Atlético Clube.	Mário Rui	Sines
place of birth	James Brydges, 1st Duke of Chandos, PC DL FRS (6 January 1673 in Dewsall, Herefordshire -- 9 August 1744 in Cannons) was the first of fourteen children of Sir James Brydges, 3rd Baronet of Wilton Castle, Sheriff of Herefordshire, 8th Baron Chandos; and Elizabeth Barnard.	James Brydges, 1st Duke of Chandos	Herefordshire
place of birth	Sally Wheeler, (born May 19, 1970 in Winter Haven, Florida), is an American television actress, probably best known for her role in short-running series Two of a Kind alongside Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen.	Sally Wheeler	Winter Haven
place of birth	Jorge Rando was born in Málaga, but when he was only twenty he moved to Germany in order to boost his philosophical studies: this is why the ties with this country run deeply.	Jorge Rando	Málaga
place of birth	Torsten Reuter (born 15 September 1982 in Kaiserslautern) is a German football player who is currently a free agent.	Torsten Reuter	Kaiserslautern
place of birth	Jay Wolpert (born in The Bronx, New York) is an American television producer and screenwriter.	Jay Wolpert	The Bronx
place of birth	Sejad Halilović (born 16 March 1969 in Doboj Istok, SFR Yugoslavia) is a Bosnian former professional footballer that has played in several clubs throughout Europe, including Dinamo Zagreb, Real Valladolid and Hapoel Be'er Sheva.	Sejad Halilović	Doboj
place of birth	Mićun Jovanić (29 July 1952 -- 26 July 2010) was a Croatian footballer best known for his 12-year spell with Hajduk Split, where he played between 1969 and 1981.	Mićun Jovanić	Split
place of birth	Saints Basilissa and Anastasia (died 68 AD) are early Christian martyrs of Rome.	Basilissa and Anastasia	Rome
place of birth	Catherine Hall (born 1946 in Kettering) is a British feminist historian.	Catherine Hall	Kettering
place of birth	Orazio Frezza was an Italian painter of the Baroque period, born and active in Naples, He was instructed by Giovanni Battista Benaschi.	Orazio Frezza	Naples
place of birth	David Hofstein (Yiddish: דוד האָפשטיין‎ Dovid Hofshteyn, Russian: Давид Гофштейн; 1889, Korostyshiv -- August 12, 1952) was a Yiddish poet.	David Hofstein	Korostyshiv
place of birth	Yvonne Hijgenaar (born 15 May 1980 in Alkmaar) is a Dutch racing cyclist and former national speed skater.	Yvonne Hijgenaar	Alkmaar
place of birth	Danielle von Zerneck (born December 21, 1965 in North Hollywood, Los Angeles) is an American actress and film producer.	Danielle von Zerneck	North Hollywood
place of birth	Arthur Rostron was born in Astley Bridge, north of Bolton, Lancashire, England to James and Nancy Rostron in 1869.	Arthur Rostron	Bolton
place of birth	Jaime Gili (born 1972, Caracas from Catalan parents) is an artist based in London since 1996.	Jaime Gili	Caracas
place of birth	Volodymyr Bileka (Ukrainian: Володимир Білека, born 6 February 1979 in Drohobych) is a Ukrainian professional road bicycle racer.	Volodymyr Bileka	Drohobych
place of birth	Barry De Vorzon (born July 31, 1934, New York City) is an American singer, songwriter, producer, and composer.	Barry De Vorzon	New York City
place of birth	Jeff Lyon won the Pulitzer Prize for Explanatory Journalism in 1987 for The Chicago Tribune.	Jeff Lyon	Chicago
place of birth	Roman Danylo (born in Calgary, Alberta) is a Canadian comedian, improviser and actor based out of Vancouver, British Columbia.	Roman Danylo	Calgary
place of birth	He was born in 1859 at 2 Peck's Cottage, All Saints, Newmarket, Cambridgeshire, the illegitimate son of Thomas Ashford, a boot maker and Emma Elsdon.	Thomas Ashford	Newmarket
place of birth	Antonio Rossi (born December 19, 1968 in Lecco) is an Italian sprint canoer who has competed since the early 1990s.	Antonio Rossi	Lecco
place of birth	Roy Barraclough MBE (born 12 July 1935 in Preston, Lancashire) is an English comic actor.	Roy Barraclough	Preston
place of birth	Jost Fitschen (1 January 1869, Brest (Lower Saxony) -- 26 January 1947, Hamburg-Altona) was a German botanist known for his work in the field of dendrology.	Jost Fitschen	Brest
place of death	Ola Elizabeth Winslow (January 5, 1885 in Grant City, Missouri -- September 27, 1977 in Damariscotta, Maine) was an American historian, biographer, and educator.	Ola Elizabeth Winslow	Maine
position played on team / speciality	Miroslav Šatan (Slovak pronunciation: (ˈmɪroslɑv ˈʃatan); born October 22, 1974) is a retired Slovak professional ice hockey right winger who most recently played for Slovan Bratislava of the Kontinental Hockey League.	Miroslav Šatan	winger
position played on team / speciality	Tobias Schilk (born 24 March 1992) is a German footballer who plays as a defender for 1.	Tobias Schilk	defender
position played on team / speciality	Saeid Mehdipour (Persian: سعید مهدی‌پور‎‎); is an Iranian football defender who currently plays for the Iranian football club Machine Sazi in the Azadegan League.	Saeid Mehdipour	defender
position played on team / speciality	Mele French (born June 15, 1984 in Mililani, Hawaii) is an American soccer forward who played for the NWSL's Seattle Reign FC and W-League's Seattle Sounders Women in 2015.	Mele French	forward
position played on team / speciality	Theodoros Voutiritsas (Greek: Θεόδωρος Βουτιρίτσας; born 27 July 1962) was a football midfielder.	Theodoros Voutiritsas	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Ivan Turina (3 October 1980 -- 2 May 2013) was a Croatian footballer who played at both professional and international levels as a goalkeeper.	Ivan Turina	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Vicente Mir Arnau (born 3 June 1968) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a forward, and the current coach of Hércules CF.	Vicente Mir	forward
position played on team / speciality	Miguel Pérez Cuesta (born 21 March 1986), known as Michu (Spanish pronunciation: (ˈmitʃu)), is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for UP Langreo as a forward or attacking midfielder.	Michu	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Agustín Villar Hernando (8 July 1982 -- 26 July 2013), known simply as Agustín, was a Spanish footballer who played as a midfielder.	Agustín Villar	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Patrik Brezina (born 28 April 1976) is a Slovak football retired goalkeeper.	Patrik Brezina	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Boubacar Mansaly (born February 4, 1988 in Guédiawaye) is a Senegalese professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Romanian club Astra Giurgiu.	Boubacar Mansaly	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Denny Herzig (born 13 November 1984) is a German footballer who plays as a defender or midfielder.	Denny Herzig	defender
position played on team / speciality	Rosen Kaptiev (Bulgarian: Росен Каптиев, born 23 September 1979) is a Bulgarian footballer currently playing for Dunav Ruse as a forward.	Rosen Kaptiev	forward
position played on team / speciality	Norair Aslanyan (Armenian: Նորայր Ասլանյան; né Norair Mamedov, born 25 March 1991) is an Armenian international footballer who plays as a winger for Almere City in the Dutch Eerste Divisie.	Norair Aslanyan	winger
position played on team / speciality	Nicos Panayiotou (born December 16, 1970) is a former international Cypriot football goalkeeper and current manager of Cyprus national u-17 football team.	Nicos Panayiotou	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Manuel Ruiz Pérez (born 3 December 1962 in Jerez de la Frontera, Cádiz, Andalusia) is a Spanish retired football goalkeeper and manager.	Manuel Ruiz	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Éric Deflandre (born 2 August 1973 in Rocourt) is a former Belgian football right fullback.	Éric Deflandre	fullback
position played on team / speciality	Martin Havlát (Czech pronunciation: (ˈmarcɪn ˈɦavlaːt); born April 19, 1981) is a Czech professional ice hockey left winger currently an unrestricted free agent who last played a brief stint with the St. Louis Blues of the National Hockey League (NHL).	Martin Havlát	winger
position played on team / speciality	Esteban José Navarro Navarro (born 22 March 1976), simply known as Esteban, is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a central midfielder, and the current manager of UD Almería's youth setup.	Esteban José Navarro	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Karl Darlow (born 8 October 1990) is an English professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Premier League club Newcastle United.	Karl Darlow	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Yunus Mallı (born 24 February 1992) is a Turkish footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for Bundesliga club 1.	Yunus Mallı	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Maicon Souza de Jesus or commonly known as Souza is a Brazilian association footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for Limeira.	Maicon Souza de Jesus	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Diego Matías Rodríguez (born 25 June 1989 in Buenos Aires) is an Argentine football goalkeeper who plays for Independiente.	Diego Matías Rodríguez	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Bruno Ferreira Bonfim (born 19 January 1989), commonly known as Dentinho (Portuguese for little tooth), is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a forward currently for Shakhtar Donetsk of the Ukrainian Premier League.	Dentinho	forward
position played on team / speciality	Renato Buso (born December 19, 1969 in Treviso) is an Italian professional football coach and a former player who was deployed as a forward or as a midfielder.	Renato Buso	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Eliseo Álvarez (9 August 1940 -- 1999) was an Uruguayan football defender who played for Uruguay in the 1962 and 1966 FIFA World Cups.	Eliseo Álvarez	defender
position played on team / speciality	Cerezo Fung a Wing (born September 24, 1983 in Paramaribo, Suriname) is a Dutch defender last played for Dutch Eerste Klasse outfit Ajax Zaterdag.	Cerezo Fung a Wing	defender
position played on team / speciality	Kerlon Moura Souza or simply Kerlon (born 27 January 1988 in Ipatinga) is a Brazilian professional footballer currently playing for Villa Nova-MG as an attacking midfielder.	Kerlon	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Ivan Benito (born 27 August 1976 in Aarau) is a Swiss retired professional footballer who played as goalkeeper.	Ivan Benito	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Valeriy Kurelyekh (Ukrainian: Валерій Юрійович Курелєх; born 12 August 1991 in Kremenchuk, Poltava Oblast, Ukrainian SSR) is a professional Ukrainian football defender who played for FC Kremin Kremenchuk in the Ukrainian Second League.	Valeriy Kurelyekh	defender
position played on team / speciality	Vinícius Aparecido Pereira de Santana Campos (born 3 November 1983 in São Paulo), known as Fininho, is a Brazilian football defender who last played for Metalist Kharkiv for whom he signed on February 2010.	Fininho	defender
position played on team / speciality	Mirsad Dedić (born 21 February 1968), is a Bosnian retired football goalkeeper and current manager.	Mirsad Dedić	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Patrik Ježek (born 28 December 1976) is a former Czech football midfielder who last played for Admira Wacker in the Austrian Bundesliga.	Patrik Ježek	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Mike Hercus (born June 6, 1979 in Falls Church, Virginia) is an American retired rugby union footballer who played at fly-half for the USA Eagles and several top level professional clubs around the globe.	Mike Hercus	fly-half
position played on team / speciality	Oleksiy Horodov (born 28 August 1978, Ukraine) is a professional Ukrainian football midfielder who plays for Kharkiv in the Ukrainian Premier League.	Oleksiy Horodov	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Soufian Echcharaf (born 19 May 1994 in Utrecht) is a Dutch professional footballer who currently plays as a midfielder.	Soufian Echcharaf	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Yohan Gomez (born September 25, 1981 in Lyon) is a football defender from France.	Yohan Gomez	defender
position played on team / speciality	Destin Makumbu (born 4 August 1982) is an English former professional footballer who played as a defender in the United States, Sweden and Norway.	Destin Makumbu	defender
position played on team / speciality	Vjeran Simunić (born 1954 in Split) is Croatian football manager and former goalkeeper.	Vjeran Simunić	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Roscoe Parrish (born July 16, 1982) is a former American football wide receiver and kick returner.	Roscoe Parrish	wide receiver
position played on team / speciality	Antonis Kapnidis, (Greek: Αντωνης Καπνιδης, born 15 August 1992) is a Greek footballer who plays as a forward for Aris F.C.	Antonis Kapnidis	forward
position played on team / speciality	Chad McCarty (born October 5, 1977 in Fresno, California) is a former U.S. soccer midfielder who spent six seasons in Major League Soccer.	Chad McCarty	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Federico Agliardi (born 11 February 1983) is an Italian football player currently playing as goalkeeper for Serie B side Cesena.	Federico Agliardi	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Cauley Woodrow (born 2 December 1994) is an English professional footballer who plays for as a forward for Championship club Fulham.	Cauley Woodrow	forward
position played on team / speciality	Luan Polli Gomes (born 6 April 1993), known as Luan Polli or simply Luan, is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Figueirense as a goalkeeper.	Luan Polli	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Nim Dorjee Tamang (born 30 October 1995) is an Indian professional footballer who plays as a centre back for Shillong Lajong in the I-League.	Nim Dorjee Tamang	centre back
position played on team / speciality	Albert Kanta Kambala (25 May 1958 -- 10 July 2008) was a Zaire international footballer, who played as a midfielder.	Albert Kanta Kambala	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Lucas Favalli (born 16 July 1985 in Córdoba) is an Italian Argentine football midfielder who plays for AEL Kalloni on loan from Levadiakos.	Lucas Favalli	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Richard Annang (born April 10, 1991 in Ghana) is a Ghanaian footballer who can play on the left wing, both as defender and as midfielder.	Richard Annang	defender
position played on team / speciality	Hervé Alicarte (born 7 October 1974 in Perpignan) is a retired French football defender.	Hervé Alicarte	defender
position played on team / speciality	Alioum Saidou (born 19 February 1978 in Maroua) is a Cameroonian football Defensive midfielder who is unattached.	Alioum Saidou	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Armando Vajushi (born 3 December 1991) is an Albanian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Italian club Livorno and the Albania national team.	Armando Vajushi	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Marisa Brunner is a retired Swiss football goalkeeper, who spent six years of her career playing for SC Freiburg in Germany's Bundesliga before moving to SC Sand where she in 2013 ended her playing career.	Marisa Brunner	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Jhersson Córdoba is a Colombian footballer who plays for Chiapas F.C. in Liga MX, as an defensive midfielder.	Jhersson Córdoba	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Gal Nir (Hebrew: גל ניר‎; born March 30, 1983) is an Israeli football (soccer) goalkeeper.	Gal Nir	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Jakub Jugas (born 5 May 1992) is a professional Czech football defender currently playing for FC Zbrojovka Brno on loan from FC Fastav Zlín.	Jakub Jugas	defender
position played on team / speciality	Hermawan (born in Pakisaji, Malang, East Java, May 9, 1983) is an Indonesian footballer who currently plays for Pelita Bandung Raya in the Indonesia Super League as a defender.	Hermawan	defender
position played on team / speciality	Mohammad Mohammadi (Persian: محمد محمدی‎, born September 20, 1977 in Shahr-e-Rey, Iran) is a retired Iranian football goalkeeper.	Mohammad Mohammadi	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Martin Laamers (born 2 August 1968) is a Dutch former international footballer who played as a midfielder.	Martin Laamers	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Mirosław Car (24 November 1960 - 7 June 2013) was a Polish professional football player who played as a defender.	Mirosław Car	defender
position played on team / speciality	Romildo Etcheverry (born 1907, date of death unknown) was a Paraguayan footballer that played either as a midfielder or defender.	Romildo Etcheverry	defender
position played on team / speciality	Alexander Jackson Møller (born 21 January 1990) is a Danish professional football defender who plays for B1908.	Alexander Jackson Møller	defender
position played on team / speciality	Karamoko Kéïta (born 21 September 1974) is a Malian international footballer who most recently played as a goalkeeper for Harrow Borough in England.	Karamoko Kéïta	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Dudley Lincoln Steinwall (born 9 November 1974) is a Sri Lankan defender.	Dudley Lincoln Steinwall	defender
position played on team / speciality	Enrique Guaita (11 July 1910 -- 18 May 1959) commonly known as ``Enrico Guaita'' was an Italian Argentine footballer who played for both Argentina and Italy as a forward.	Enrique Guaita	forward
position played on team / speciality	Renzo De Vecchi (Italian pronunciation: (ˈrɛntso de ˈvɛkki); February 3, 1894 in Milan -- May 14, 1967) was an Italian football player and coach who played as a defender.	Renzo De Vecchi	defender
position played on team / speciality	Glenn Dunlop (born 12 May 1968 in Belfast, Northern Ireland) is a retired Northern Irish footballer who played as a central defender.	Glenn Dunlop	defender
position played on team / speciality	Nikola Stijaković (Serbian Cyrillic: Hикoлa Cтиjaкoвић, born 10 March 1989 in Sarajevo) is a Bosnian Serb football goalkeeper.	Nikola Stijaković	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Jovan Anđelković (Serbian Cyrillic: Joвaн Aнђeлкoвић) (born 14 August 1942 in Pirot -- 27 April 1969 in Niš) was a Serbian football midfielder.	Jovan Anđelković	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Louis Scott Calabrese (born June 2, 1972) is an American former soccer goalkeeper who is currently the head men's soccer coach at Florida International University.	Scott Calabrese	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Cristian Zenoni (born 23 April 1977 in Trescore Balneario, Province of Bergamo) is an Italian football manager and former player, who played as a defender in the role of fullback.	Cristian Zenoni	defender
position played on team / speciality	Nikola Jevtović (Serbian Cyrillic: Никола Јевтовић, born 19 December 1989) is a Serbian professional basketball player, currently playing as a power forward for Metalac Farmakom of the Basketball League of Serbia.	Nikola Jevtović	power forward
position played on team / speciality	Federico Freire (born 6 November 1990) is an Argentine footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for Peruvian Primera División club USMP.	Federico Freire	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Darren Bastow (born 22 December 1981 in Torquay) is an English former professional footballer who played in the Football League as a midfielder for Plymouth Argyle.	Darren Bastow	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Cole Skuse (born 29 March 1986) is an English footballer who plays as a midfielder for Championship side Ipswich Town.	Cole Skuse	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Antonio Loi (born 25 August 1996) is an Italian footballer who plays as a attacking midfielder for Cagliari.	Antonio Loi	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Richard Pánik (born February 7, 1991) is a Slovak professional ice hockey right winger for the Chicago Blackhawks of the National Hockey League (NHL).	Richard Pánik	winger
position played on team / speciality	Bryce Wandler (born February 25, 1979) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey goaltender.	Bryce Wandler	goaltender
position played on team / speciality	Rolando Ugolini (4 June 1924 -- 10 April 2014) was a footballer, who played as a goalkeeper for a number of British clubs.	Rolando Ugolini	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Mario Muscat (born 18 August 1976 in Paola, Malta) is a professional footballer who plays for Maltese Premier League side Qormi F.C., where he plays as a goalkeeper.	Mario Muscat	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Ollie Cahill (born 29 September 1975 in Clonmel) is an Irish former professional footballer, primarily a left winger.	Ollie Cahill	winger
position played on team / speciality	Hansamu Yama Pranata (born in Mojokerto, Indonesia, 16 January 1995) is an Indonesian footballer who currently plays for Barito Putera as a defender.	Hansamu Yama	defender
position played on team / speciality	Bark Seghiri (born August 8, 1978 in Argenteuil, Val-d'Oise) is a French-born Algerian football player who last played as a defender for Panserraikos in the Greek Football League.	Bark Seghiri	defender
position played on team / speciality	Ilir Daja (born on 20 October 1949 in Tirana) is a former Albanian football midfielder.	Ilir Daja	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	José María Cases Hernández (born 23 November 1986 in Orihuela, Valencian Community) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Belgian club K.A.S. Eupen as a midfielder.	José María Cases	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Norberto Yácono (8 January 1919 -- November 1985) was an Argentine footballer defender who won six Argentine league championships with River Plate.	Norberto Yácono	defender
position played on team / speciality	Serhat Akyüz (born 10 August 1984 in Maçka) is a Turkish football defender of BB Erzurumspor.	Serhat Akyüz	defender
position played on team / speciality	Wim Mennes (born 25 January 1977 in Lommel, Belgium) is a professional football (soccer) midfielder, who plays for KFC Oosterzonen.	Wim Mennes	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Turner Battle (born January 11, 1983) is an American former basketball point guard for the University at Buffalo Bulls men's basketball team from 2001 to 2005.	Turner Battle	point guard
position played on team / speciality	Virgil van Dijk (born 8 July 1991) is a Dutch footballer who plays as a centre back for Premier League club Southampton and the Netherlands national football team.	Virgil van Dijk	centre back
position played on team / speciality	Edward Junior Wilson (born on September 22, 1984 in Monrovia) is a Liberian footballer (forward) playing currently for Perlis FA in Malaysia Premier League.	Edward Junior Wilson	forward
position played on team / speciality	Paul Fischl was an Austrian footballer who played as a defender.	Paul Fischl	defender
position played on team / speciality	Anestis Agritis (born 16 April 1981 in Mytilini), is a Greek footballer currently playing for Kalloni in Superleague Greece, as a forward and as a winger.	Anestis Agritis	forward
position played on team / speciality	Gilles Gratton (born July 28, 1952 in LaSalle, Quebec) is a retired ice hockey goaltender.	Gilles Gratton	goaltender
position played on team / speciality	Ally Hunter (born 4 October 1949 in Glasgow) is a Scottish former football goalkeeper, who played for Kilmarnock, Celtic, Motherwell, St. Mirren and Scotland.	Ally Hunter	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Luis María Aguirre Vidaurrázaga (born 27 April 1939), better known as Koldo Aguirre, is a Spanish retired football midfielder and coach.	Koldo Aguirre	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Uidemar Pessoa de Oliveira, usually known as Uidemar (born January 8, 1965), is a retired professional association footballer who played as a defensive midfielder and midfielder for Campeonato Brasileiro Série A clubs Goiás, Flamengo and Fluminense, and for the Brazilian national team.	Uidemar	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Ezequiel Videla (Spanish pronunciation: (eseˈkjel βiˈðela), born 15 January 1988) is an Argentine footballer that currently plays for Argentine Primera División club Racing Club as a defensive midfielder.	Ezequiel Videla	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Fabio Cudicini (born October 20, 1935) is an Italian former professional football (soccer) goalkeeper, who played from 1955 to 1973.	Fabio Cudicini	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Dilshod Vasiev (Tajik: Дилшод Васиев, Persian: دلشاد وصیف‎‎) (born 12 February 1988 in Dushanbe, Soviet Union) is a Tajikistani football midfielder, currently at Istiklol.	Dilshod Vasiev	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Khaled Haj Othman (Arabic: خالد حاج عثمان‎) (born 1 May 1987 in Aleppo, Syria) is a Syrian football goalkeeper.	Khaled Haj Othman	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Karim El Hany (born 12 January 1988) is a French footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for Belgian Second Division side FC Brussels.	Karim El Hany	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Hiralal Mukherjee (14 October 1886 -- 14 December 1962) was Indian professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper.	Hiralal Mukherjee	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Kay Voser (born 4 January 1987) is a footballer from Switzerland who plays as defender and is currently unattached.	Kay Voser	defender
position played on team / speciality	Duangnapa Sritala (Thai: ศิลาวรรณ อินต๊ะมี born 22 January 1994 ) is a Thai international footballer who plays as a midfielder.	Duangnapa Sritala	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Mitja Novinič (born 10 April 1991) is a Slovenian professional footballer who plays as midfielder, currently under contract for Italian Serie A club Milan.	Mitja Novinič	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Giovanni Scampini (born 8 November 1991) is an Italian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Seconda Divisione club Poggibonsi, on loan from Milan.	Giovanni Scampini	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	José Ortiz Bernal (born 4 August 1977) is a Spanish retired footballer who played usually as an attacking midfielder.	José Ortiz Bernal	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Armando Pantanelli (born June 1, 1971 in Turin) is a former Italian professional football goalkeeper.	Armando Pantanelli	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Shaun Rouse (born 28 February 1972 in Great Yarmouth) is an English former professional footballer who played in the Football League, as a midfielder.	Shaun Rouse	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Élton José Xavier Gomes (born 7 April 1986 in Palmeira dos Índios, Alagoas) is a Brazilian footballer who currently plays as a left midfielder or attacking midfielder for Al-Fateh.	Élton José Xavier Gomes	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Alan Luciano Ruschel (born 23 August 1989), known as Alan Ruschel, is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for Atlético Paranaense, on loan from Internacional, as a defender.	Alan Ruschel	defender
position played on team / speciality	Stefan Drašković (Serbian Cyrillic: Стефан Драшковић, simply known as Draško; born 27 July 1989) is a Serbian football defender who plays for Borac Čačak in the Serbian SuperLiga.	Stefan Drašković	defender
position played on team / speciality	Aleksandr Kirov (Russian: Алекса́ндр Серге́евич Ки́ров; born 4 September 1984 in Astana) is a Kazakh football defender who plays for FC Zhetysu, Primarily playing in the left-back position.	Aleksandr Kirov	defender
position played on team / speciality	Steeve Joseph-Reinette (born 2 December 1983 in Paris, France) is a French football defender, who last played for Russian side Krylia Sovetov Samara.	Steeve Joseph-Reinette	defender
position played on team / speciality	Josh Kassel (born September 3, 1985) is a former American college ice hockey goaltender for the Army Black Knights of the Atlantic Hockey League.	Josh Kassel	goaltender
position played on team / speciality	Etrit Berisha (Albanian pronunciation: (ɛtɾit bɛɾisha); born 10 March 1989) is an Albanian professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Italian club Lazio and the Albanian national team.	Etrit Berisha	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Željko Kuzmić (Serbian Cyrillic: Жељкo Kузмић, born 2 November 1984 in Aranđelovac) is a Serbian professional football goalkeeper playing with FK Rudar Prijedor.	Željko Kuzmić	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Marco Achilli (9 December 1948 -- 22 September 2009) was an Italian footballer who played as a midfielder for a number of Italian sides, including Inter Milan, Monza, Livorno and Albese.	Marco Achilli	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Richard Jareš (born 23 February 1981) is a Czech professional ice hockey defenceman who is currently an unrestricted free agent who most recently played with the Iserlohn Roosters of the Deutsche Eishockey Liga (DEL).	Richard Jareš	defenceman
position played on team / speciality	Ketlen Wiggers (born 7 January 1992), commonly known as Ketlen, is a Brazilian football forward who most recently played for National Women's Soccer League (NWSL) club Boston Breakers and the Brazil women's national football team.	Ketlen Wiggers	forward
position played on team / speciality	Dan Focht (born December 31, 1977 in Regina, Saskatchewan) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey defenceman.	Dan Focht	defenceman
position played on team / speciality	Julian Grundt (born June 21, 1988 in Heide, Schleswig-Holstein) is a German former footballer who played as a midfielder for Werder Bremen II.	Julian Grundt	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Emiliano Té (born April 15, 1983 in Bissau) is a Bissau-Guinean football midfielder, who plays for União de Leiria in the Portuguese Second Division.	Emiliano Té	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Milan Pršo (Serbian Cyrillic: Милан Пршо; born 29 June 1990) is a Serbian footballer who plays as a midfielder.	Milan Pršo	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Aleksandr Krutskevich (Олександр Круцкевич, born 13 November 1980) is a Ukrainian professional footballer who plays as a defender, most recently for Araz-Naxçıvan in the Azerbaijan First Division.	Aleksandr Krutskevich	defender
position played on team / speciality	Amine Linganzi (born 16 November 1989) is a professional Congolese footballer who most recently played for English club Gillingham as a midfielder.	Amine Linganzi	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Carlos Renato de Abreu, known as Renato or Renato Abreu (born June 9, 1978 in São Paulo), is a Brazilian association football centre midfielder.	Renato Abreu	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Agustín Valido (January 31, 1914 -- February 23, 1998) is a former Argentine football forward, who played in several Argentine and Brazilian top level clubs.	Agustín Valido	forward
position played on team / speciality	Hugo Veloso Oliveira Silva or simply Hugo (born May 25, 1984 in Poços de Caldas), is a Brazilian midfielder.	Hugo Veloso Oliveira Silva	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Jesper Kjærulff (born 7 October 1983) is a Danish professional football forward.	Jesper Kjærulff	forward
position played on team / speciality	Lee Baxter (born 17 June 1976) is a Scottish-Swedish football goalkeeper who has played for clubs in Sweden and England.	Lee Baxter	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Hsu Jen-feng (Chinese: 許人丰, born April 28, 1979) is a Taiwanese football goalkeeper.	Hsu Jen-feng	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Roland Juhász (Hungarian pronunciation: (ˈrolɒnd ˈjuhaːs); born 1 July 1983) is a Hungarian footballer who plays as a defender for Videoton.	Roland Juhász	defender
position played on team / speciality	Andreas Michl (born 29 January 1980) is an Austrian football goalkeeper who plays for Wacker Burghausen in the German 3.	Andreas Michl	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Baldeep Singh (born 6 February 1987 in Hoshiarpur, Punjab) is an Indian footballer who plays as a central midfielder for Prayag United in the I-League.	Baldeep Singh	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Harry McDonald (11 September 1926 -- 2004) was an English, retired professional footballer who played in the Football League for Crystal Palace as a defender.	Harry McDonald	defender
position played on team / speciality	Bakaye Traoré (born 6 March 1985) is a French-born Malian professional footballer who plays as a central midfielder for Turkish club Bursaspor.	Bakaye Traoré	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Radhouane Salhi (Arabic: رضوان صالحي‎) (born 18 December 1967) is a former Tunisian footballer who played as a goalkeeper.	Radhouane Salhi	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Amer Abdel Maksoud (Arabic: عامر عبد المقصود‎)? (Giza, -- Cairo, 14 August 2013) was a professional Egyptian football player playing midfielder.	Amer Abdel Maksoud	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Jeff Tambellini (born April 13, 1984) is a Canadian professional ice hockey winger currently playing for the Syracuse Crunch in the American Hockey League (AHL) while under contract to the Tampa Bay Lightning of the National Hockey League (NHL).	Jeff Tambellini	winger
position played on team / speciality	Elshan Gambarov (Azeri: Elşən Qəmbərov) (born 30 October 1972) is a former Azerbaijani footballer (midfielder) who last played for FK Gäncä.	Elshan Gambarov	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Ramahlwe Mphahlele (born 1 February 1990 in Ga Mphahlele, Limpopo) is a South African football (soccer) defender and midfielder for Premier Soccer League club Mamelodi Sundowns.	Ramahlwe Mphahlele	defender
position played on team / speciality	Ryan Gyaki (born 6 December 1985) is a Canadian former professional soccer player who played as an attacking midfielder.	Ryan Gyaki	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Tomas Tamošauskas (born 22 May 1983 in Gargždai) is a Lithuanian football midfielder, who last played for Klaipėdos Granitas in the Lithuanian A Lyga.	Tomas Tamošauskas	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Kyle McAusland (born 19 January 1993) is a Scottish footballer who plays as a defender for Scottish Championship club Alloa Athletic.	Kyle McAusland	defender
position played on team / speciality	Valerio Nasema (born 19 July 1972) is a Fijian former international footballer who played as a defender.	Valerio Nasema	defender
position played on team / speciality	José Vasco Proença Ferreira (born 21 March 1998 in Covilhã) simply Vasco or José Vasco, is a Portuguese footballer who plays for S.C. Covilhã, as a midfielder.	José Vasco Proença Ferreira	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	George Lowrie (19 December 1919 -- 3 May 1989) was a Welsh footballer, who played as a centre forward for several clubs including Coventry City and Newcastle United.	George Lowrie	forward
position played on team / speciality	Brian Blears was a footballer who played as a wing half in the Football League for Chester City.	Brian Blears	wing half
position played on team / speciality	Mesut Mert (born March 18, 1978 in Bulgaria) is a former midfielder who has last played professionally with the Montreal Impact of the USL First Division.	Mesut Mert	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Lee Featherstone (born 20 July 1983) is an English professional footballer who plays as a midfielder who plays for Woolley Moor United.	Lee Featherstone	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Doug O'Brien (born February 16, 1984) is a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman for HC Sparta in the Czech Extraliga.	Doug O'Brien	defenceman
position played on team / speciality	Christian Pouga (born 19 June 1986) is a footballer from Cameroon who plays as forward for Boavista.	Christian Pouga	forward
position played on team / speciality	Jesús Luis Álvarez de Eulate Güergue (born 4 September 1970), known as Koldo, is an Andorran retired footballer who played as a goalkeeper, and the current manager of the Andorran national team.	Koldo	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Juraj Chupač (born 17 March 1988) is a Slovak football central defender who currently plays for TJ Tatran Krásno nad Kysucou.	Juraj Chupač	defender
position played on team / speciality	Jimmy MacLaren (1921 -- 2004) was a footballer who played as a goalkeeper in the Football League for Chester City and Carlisle United.	Jimmy MacLaren	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Johan Lora (born 20 October 1982) is a Dominican international footballer who plays college soccer in the United States for Lincoln University, playing as a midfielder.	Johan Lora	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Blendi Nallbani also known as Tata (born 30 May 1971 in Tirana) is an Albanian retired goalkeeper.	Blendi Nallbani	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Diego Mateo Alustiza (born 7 August 1978) is an Argentine professional footballer who plays for Newell's Old Boys as a defensive midfielder.	Diego Mateo	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Jeremy Adduono (born August 4, 1978 in Thunder Bay, Ontario) is a former Canadian professional ice hockey winger.	Jeremy Adduono	winger
position played on team / speciality	Darren Wrack (born 5 May 1976 in Cleethorpes) is an English former professional footballer who played as a midfielder.	Darren Wrack	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Sibusiso Mahlangu (born May 17, 1982 in Daveyton, Gauteng) is a South African football (soccer) player who last played as a midfielder for Bidvest Wits in the Premier Soccer League.	Sibusiso Mahlangu	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Serjio Roberto Livingstone Pohlhammer (26 March 1920 -- 11 September 2012), later simply known as Sergio Livingstone, was a Chilean goalkeeper, who later became a well regarded journalist.	Sergio Livingstone	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	William Howard Matthews (29 November 1885 -- 9 February 1963) was an English football goalkeeper who played for Port Vale, Burton United, Oldham Athletic, Halifax Town, Chester, and Oswestry Town.	Howard Matthews	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Félix Lacuesta (born February 20, 1958 in Bayonne) is a French retired professional football midfielder.	Félix Lacuesta	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Rick Soderman is a retired American indoor soccer forward who played professionally in the Continental Indoor Soccer League and National Professional Soccer League.	Rick Soderman	forward
position played on team / speciality	Adílson Warken (born January 16, 1987 in Bom Princípio, Rio Grande do Sul) or simply Adílson, is a Brazilian defensive midfielder.	Adílson Warken	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Lúcio Flávio dos Santos or simply Lúcio Flávio (born February 3, 1979 in Curitiba), is a Brazilian attacking midfielder, he currently plays for ABC.	Lúcio Flávio dos Santos	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Jackson Mwanza (born 6 February 1987) is an Zambian professional footballer who currently plays as a forward.	Jackson Mwanza	forward
position played on team / speciality	Malcolm Comrie was a Scottish professional association footballer who played as an inside forward during the 1930s.	Malcolm Comrie	inside forward
position played on team / speciality	Geoff Crudgington (born 14 February 1952 in Wolverhampton) is an English former professional footballer who made 633 appearances in the Football League playing as a goalkeeper for Aston Villa, Bradford City, Toronto Metros, Crewe Alexandra, Swansea City and Plymouth Argyle.	Geoff Crudgington	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Chairman Andy Pilley appointed the Burnley youth team coach and former Blackpool midfielder Micky Mellon as manager on 23 September, succeeding Tony Greenwood.	Micky Mellon	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Milan Zahálka (born 13 March 1977 in Ostrov Ohre, Czechoslovakia) is a professional football goalkeeper.	Milan Zahálka	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Marko Lepik (born 9 April 1977) is a retired association football midfielder from Estonia.	Marko Lepik	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Jean-Pierre Papin (French pronunciation: ​(ʒɑ̃ pjɛʁ papɛ̃); born 5 November 1963 in Boulogne-sur-Mer) is a former French professional football player, who played as a forward, and who was named the European Footballer of the Year in 1991.	Jean-Pierre Papin	forward
position played on team / speciality	Nerijus Valskis (born 4 August 1987) is a Lithuanian footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for FK Trakai	Nerijus Valskis	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Martin Železník (born 9 November 1989) is a Slovak football midfielder who is free agent.	Martin Železník	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Tom Poole was a footballer who played as a goalkeeper for Burslem Port Vale between 1897 and 1901.	Tom Poole	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Mark Schwartz is a retired American soccer forward who played in the United Soccer League and the third American Soccer League.	Mark Schwartz	forward
position played on team / speciality	Johann Carrasso (born 7 May 1988) is a French football player who currently plays as a goalkeeper for Reims in Ligue 1.	Johann Carrasso	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Daniel McKinney (9 November 1898 -- 1956), also known as Dan McKinney and Danny McKinney, was an Irish international footballer who played professionally in England as a forward.	Daniel McKinney	forward
position played on team / speciality	Marcos Antônio Simão Pereira, commonly known as Marcos Bambam or simply Bambam (born 19 March 1991) is a Brazilian football player who plays as a forward.	Marcos Bambam	forward
position played on team / speciality	Rees Stephens (16 April 1922 -- 4 February 1998) was a Welsh international number 8 who played club rugby for Tonmawr RFC and Neath.	Rees Stephens	number 8
position played on team / speciality	Karl Goehring (born August 23, 1978 in Apple Valley, Minnesota) is a retired American professional ice hockey goaltender, who is currently an Goaltending coach with the University of North Dakota.	Karl Goehring	goaltender
position played on team / speciality	Jaroslav Kolbas (born 10 January 1985) is a professional Slovak football defender who currently plays for the DOXXbet liga club FK Haniska.	Jaroslav Kolbas	defender
position played on team / speciality	Flávio Augusto do Nascimento (born 29 June 1986 in Recife), commonly known as Flávio Caça-Rato or simply Caça-Rato, is a Brazilian forward.	Flávio Caça-Rato	forward
position played on team / speciality	Nidal Baba (born August 16, 1972 in Humble, Texas) is a retired U.S. soccer midfielder who was a member of the U.S. U-16 national team at the 1989 FIFA U-16 World Championship.	Nidal Baba	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Neto Baiano, real name Euvaldo José de Aguiar Neto (born September 17, 1982, in Salvador, Bahia) is a Brazilian footballer who plays for CRB as a forward.	Neto Baiano	forward
position played on team / speciality	Andrezinho, real name André Luiz Tavares, mostly called Tavares in Korea (born July 30, 1983 in Campinas, São Paulo), is a Brazilian footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for Vasco da Gama.	André Luiz Tavares	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Avihai Yadin (Hebrew: אביחי ידין‎; born 26 October 1986 in Hod Hasharon, Israel) is an Israeli football Defensive midfielder who currently plays for Hapoel Tel Aviv.	Avihai Yadin	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Euan McLean (born 9 January 1986) is a Scottish footballer who played as a goalkeeper.	Euan McLean	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	José Eduardo Rosa Vale e Castro (born 13 January 1983), commonly known as Zé Castro, is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays for Spanish club Rayo Vallecano as a central defender.	Zé Castro	defender
position played on team / speciality	Aleksey Korol (Ukrainian: Олексій Король; born 14 October 1977 in Kyiv) is a Ukrainian soccer forward and coach who has spent most of his career in the United States.	Aleksey Korol	forward
position played on team / speciality	Bruno Manuel Rodrigues Silva (born 5 August 1982 in Matosinhos), known as Bruno China, is a Portuguese footballer who plays for Leixões S.C. as a defensive midfielder.	Bruno China	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Orlando Perez (born July 12, 1977 in Pomona, California) is an American soccer defender, who played eight seasons in Major League Soccer.	Orlando Perez	defender
position played on team / speciality	Yeray Patiño Blasco (born 19 May 1991), simply known as Yeray, is a Spanish footballer who plays for Gibraltarian club Lincoln Red Imps FC as a midfielder.	Yeray Patiño	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Malcolm O'Kelly (born 19 July 1974) is a retired Irish rugby union player who played as a lock for Ireland and Leinster.	Malcolm O'Kelly	lock
position played on team / speciality	Phan Thanh Hậu (born 12 January 1997) is a Vietnamese footballer who plays as a Central midfielder for V-League (Vietnam) club Hoàng Anh Gia Lai F.C. He is a product of the Hoang Anh Gia Lai --	Phan Thanh Hậu	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Linton Brown (born 12 April 1968 in Hull, East Riding of Yorkshire) is an English former footballer who scored 27 goals from 155 games in the Football League playing as a forward for Halifax Town, Hull City, Swansea City and Scarborough.	Linton Brown	forward
position played on team / speciality	Alfredo Torres Pereira was a Portuguese footballer who played as forward.	Alfredo Torres Pereira	forward
position played on team / speciality	Warren Burrell (born 3 June 1990 in Sheffield) is an English footballer who currently plays for Harrogate Town as a midfielder.	Warren Burrell	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	André Niederhäuser (born August 21, 1977) is a Swiss football (soccer) defender who is retired.	André Niederhäuser	defender
position played on team / speciality	Richard Liburd (born 26 September 1973) is an English footballer who is a defender and plays for Hucknall Town.	Richard Liburd	defender
position played on team / speciality	Paweł Cyganek (1913--1995) was a soccer forward player of interwar Poland, who in one game played on the Polish National Team.	Paweł Cyganek	forward
position played on team / speciality	Cristiano Luís Rodrigues or simply Asprilla (born May 4, 1981 in São Gonçalo do Sapucaí-MG), is a Brazilian central defender.	Cristiano Luís Rodrigues	defender
position played on team / speciality	Bálint Bajner (born 18 November 1990 in Szombathely) is a Hungarian footballer who plays as a forward for the Nemzeti Bajnokság I club Paks.	Bálint Bajner	forward
position played on team / speciality	Armel N'Dinga Koulara Kwanyéllé (born 15 August 1989 in N'Djamena, Chad; known simply as Armel Koulara and occasionally Armel Kwanyéllé) is a footballer from Chad who plays as a goalkeeper for AS CotonTchad.	Armel Koulara	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Serge Honi (born 11 September 1973 in Douala) is a retired Cameroonian footballer who played as a forward.	Serge Honi	forward
position played on team / speciality	Panagiotis Vosniadis (Greek: Παναγιώτης Βοσνιάδης; born 27 July 1989) is a football goalkeeper who now plays for Iraklis F.C., in the Greek Football League.	Panagiotis Vosniadis	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Ahmed Mohamadina (born 10 March 1984 in Khemisset) is a Moroccan goalkeeper who plays for Difaâ El Jadida and Morocco's national football team.	Ahmed Mohamadina	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Olumide Oyedeji (born 11 May 1981) is a Nigerian-British professional basketball center who played in the NBA for 3 seasons.	Olumide Oyedeji	center
position played on team / speciality	William Roberto Figueroa Liborio (born December 14, 1980 in Atiquizaya, El Salvador) is a Salvadoran football midfielder who most recently played for A.D. Isidro Metapán.	William Roberto Figueroa	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Seyed Zia Arabshahi (Persian: ضیا عربشاهی ‎‎, born 1960) is a retired Iranian football midfielder.	Zia Arabshahi	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Ricardo Cavalcante Mendes or simply Ricardinho (born September 4, 1989 in São Paulo) is a Brazilian football player who currently plays for Al-Sharjah as a midfielder.	Ricardo Cavalcante Mendes	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Christian Aflenzer (born 31 March 1972 in Munich) is a German-born Austrian football midfielder.	Christian Aflenzer	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Achraf Lazaar (Arabic: أشرف لزعر‎; born 22 January 1992) is a Moroccan football defender currently playing for Palermo.	Achraf Lazaar	defender
position played on team / speciality	Pol Bueso Paradís (born 27 April 1985 in Moncofa, Castellón, Valencian Community) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for UCAM Murcia CF as a central defender.	Pol Bueso	defender
position played on team / speciality	Anderson Conceição Benedito (born October 24, 1989), is a Brazilian central defender.	Anderson Conceição	defender
position played on team / speciality	Walter De Vecchi (born February 18, 1955 in Milan, Italy) is an Italian professional football coach and a former player who played as a defender or midfielder.	Walter De Vecchi	defender
position played on team / speciality	Antti Ojanperä (born 6 April 1983 in Tampere) is a retired Finnish footballer, who plays as midfielder or defender.	Antti Ojanperä	defender
position played on team / speciality	Rrapo Taho (born 17 August 1959) was an Albanian professional football central defender with Flamurtari during the 1970s and 1980s.	Rrapo Taho	defender
position played on team / speciality	Juan Antonio (born 5 January 1988 in Trelew, Chubut) is an Argentine football forward who currently plays for Italian club FeralpiSalò on loan from Serie A club Parma.	Juan Antonio	forward
position played on team / speciality	Zlatko Kostić (Serbian Cyrillic: Златко Костић; born 9 August 1973) is a retired football player who played as a midfielder for clubs in Yugoslavia, Spain and Greece.	Zlatko Kostić	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Andreas Raudsepp (born 13 December 1993) is an Estonian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Estonian Meistriliiga club Levadia and the Estonia national football team.	Andreas Raudsepp	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Zoran Jevtović (born 20 April 1958) is a retired footballer who played as a midfielder for clubs in Yugoslavia and Greece.	Zoran Jevtović	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Rayllan Campos Santos is a Brazilian footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for Novorizontino.	Rayllan	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Ece Türkoğlu (born April 14, 1999) is a Turkish women's football midfielder currently playing in the Turkish Women's First League as captain for Kdz.	Ece Türkoğlu	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Fábio Deivson Lopes Maciel, simply known as Fábio (born 30 September 1980, in Nobres, Mato Grosso) is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Cruzeiro as a goalkeeper.	Fábio Deivson Lopes Maciel	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Manuel Carizza (born 23 August 1984 in Rosario) is an Argentine rugby union footballer who usually plays as a lock.	Manuel Carizza	lock
position played on team / speciality	Alain Fossoul (31 December 1928 -- 9 May 2012) was a Belgian footballer who played as a defender.	Alain Fossoul	defender
position played on team / speciality	Xavier Delisle (born May 24, 1977 in Quebec City, Quebec) is a former professional ice hockey centre.	Xavier Delisle	centre
position played on team / speciality	Martí Crespí Pascual (born 15 June 1987 in Sa Pobla, Majorca, Balearic Islands) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Chinese club Qingdao Huanghai F.C. as a central defender.	Martí Crespí	defender
position played on team / speciality	Andrea Merenda (born 10 June 1977 in Milan) is an Italian football midfielder who currently plays for Marconi Stallions in the NSW Premier League.	Andrea Merenda	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Óscar Valero Navarro (born 28 August 1985) is a Spanish footballer who plays for CD Guijuelo as a right defender.	Óscar Valero Navarro	defender
position played on team / speciality	Jarah Al Ateeqi (Arabic: جراح العتيقي‎, born 15 October 1981) is a Kuwaiti footballer who is a midfielder for the Kuwaiti Premier League club Al Kuwait.	Jarah Al Ateeqi	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Ivano Bordon (born 13 April 1951 in Venice) is an Italian former football (soccer) goalkeeper.	Ivano Bordon	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Mohamed Amine Najmi (born 8 May 1981), commonly known as Najmi, is a Moroccan footballer who currently plays for Kuwaiti Premier League club Al Arabi as defender.	Mohamed Amine Najmi	defender
position played on team / speciality	Wylie Rogers (born March 16, 1985) is an American ice hockey goaltender.	Wylie Rogers	goaltender
position played on team / speciality	Park Byeong-ju (Hangul: 박병주, Hanja: 朴炳柱; born 24 March 1985) is a South Korean footballer who plays as defender for Gwangju FC in the K League Challenge.	Park Byeong-ju	defender
position played on team / speciality	Charalambos Tabasis (Greek: Χαράλαμπος Ταμπάσης; born 15 May 1986) is a retired Greek football player who played as goalkeeper.	Charalambos Tabasis	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Ádám Bogdán (Hungarian pronunciation: (ˈaːdaːm ˈboɡdaːn); born 27 September 1987) is a Hungarian professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for English club Liverpool and the Hungary national team.	Ádám Bogdán	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Raphael Tessaro Schettino or simply Raphael (born September 22, 1985 in Castelo), is a Brazilian goalkeeper.	Raphael Tessaro Schettino	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Pierre-Alain Frau (born 15 April 1980 in Montbéliard, Doubs) is a French football forward who currently plays for FC Sochaux-Montbéliard.	Pierre-Alain Frau	forward
position played on team / speciality	Vallo Allingu (born 11 January 1978 in Jõgeva, Estonia) is a retired Estonian professional basketballer who last played for Tartu Ülikool/Rock at the center position.	Vallo Allingu	center
position played on team / speciality	Jimmy Whitfield (18 May 1919 -- 1984) was an English professional footballer who scored 38 goals from 161 appearances in the Football League playing as an inside forward for Grimsby Town, Scunthorpe United (in two separate spells) and Southport.	Jimmy Whitfield	forward
position played on team / speciality	Manuel Abreu (born 8 January 1959) is a former French-Portuguese football defender.	Manuel Abreu	defender
position played on team / speciality	Max Jean-Gilles (born November 19, 1983) is an American football guard who is currently a free agent.	Max Jean-Gilles	guard
position played on team / speciality	Hamza Zakari (born 4 July 1994) is a Ghanaian professional football midfielder who plays in 1.	Hamza Zakari	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Alessandro Frigerio Payán (15 November 1914 -- 10 January 1979) was a Swiss-Colombian footballer who played as a forward.	Alessandro Frigerio	forward
position played on team / speciality	Costică Toma (1 January 1928 -- 13 May 2008) was a Romanian international football goalkeeper and later manager.	Costică Toma	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Arsénio Trindade Duarte (16 October 1925 -- 11 February 1986), known simply as Arsénio, was a Portuguese footballer who played as a forward.	Arsénio Trindade Duarte	forward
position played on team / speciality	Guy Haimov (Hebrew: גיא חיימוב‎; born 9 March 1986) is an Israeli professional association football goalkeeper who currently plays for Ironi Kiryat Shmona.	Guy Haimov	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Artem Chorniy (Ukrainian: Артем Олександрович Чорній; born 23 October 1989 in Mykolaiv, Ukrainian SSR), is a professional Ukrainian football midfielder who plays for PFC Oleksandriya in the Ukrainian First League.	Artem Chorniy	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Duangnapa Sritala (Thai: ดวงนภา ศรีตะลา; rtgs: Duangnapha Si-tala; born 4 February 1986) is a Thai international footballer who plays as a defender.	Duangnapa Sritala	defender
position played on team / speciality	Jordan McKechnie (born 25 January 1992) is a Scottish association footballer who plays for Scottish Sun Lowland League side BSC Glasgow as a midfielder.	Jordan McKechnie	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Amadou Bakayoko (born 1 January 1996) is an English professional footballer who plays as a forward for National League North side Worcester City, on loan from Walsall.	Amadou Bakayoko	forward
position played on team / speciality	Dinélson dos Santos Lima, simply known as Dinélson, (born January 4, 1986) is a Brazilian footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder.	Dinélson	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Pablo Ndong Esi (1969 -- 15 December 2010), better known as Boyas, was an Equatoguinean football goalkeeper and manager.	Pablo Ndong Esi	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Tommy Lycén (born October 5, 1981 in Rångedala near Borås) is a Swedish football midfielder.	Tommy Lycén	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Morten Bakke (born 16 December 1968 in Hedalen, Oppland) is a retired Norwegian football goalkeeper.	Morten Bakke	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Christian Vieri (Italian pronunciation: (ˈkristjaɱ ˈvjɛːri); born 12 July 1973) is an Italian former professional footballer who played as a centre forward.	Christian Vieri	forward
position played on team / speciality	Ian Laperrière (born January 19, 1974) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey winger who played 16 seasons in the National Hockey League (NHL).	Ian Laperrière	winger
position played on team / speciality	Michal Neuvirth (/ˈnɔɪvɪrt/; born March 23, 1988) is a Czech professional ice hockey goaltender currently playing for the Philadelphia Flyers of the National Hockey League (NHL).	Michal Neuvirth	goaltender
position played on team / speciality	Jesé Rodríguez Ruiz (born 26 February 1993), simply known as Jesé (Spanish pronunciation: (xeˈse)), is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Real Madrid as a forward.	Jesé	forward
position played on team / speciality	Gabriel dos Santos Nascimento, or simply Gabriel Santos (born March 5, 1983 in Porto Alegre), is a Brazilian central defender who currently plays for Villa Nova-MG. He began his career with Ponte Preta.	Gabriel Santos	defender
position played on team / speciality	Vinícius Oliveira Franco, or simply Vinícius (born May 16, 1986) is a Brazilian footballer who plays for APOEL FC in the Cypriot First Division as a central midfielder.	Vinícius Oliveira Franco	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Tadas Kijanskas (born 6 September 1985 in Vilnius) is a Lithuanian international footballer who currently plays as a defender for Israeli club Hapoel Haifa.	Tadas Kijanskas	defender
position played on team / speciality	Katherine Alvarado (born 11 April 1991) is a Costa Rican footballer who play as a midfielder.	Katherine Alvarado	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Segundo Durandal (born 17 March 1912, date of death unknown) was a Bolivian football defender.	Segundo Durandal	defender
position played on team / speciality	Shi Jiayi (Chinese: 施佳懿 born 2 September 1983 in Shanghai, China) is a naturalized Singaporean football midfielder.	Shi Jiayi	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Oleh Boroday (Ukrainian: Олег Вадимович Бородай; born 7 January 1993 in Ukraine) is a professional Ukrainian football midfielder who played for Zorya Luhansk in the Ukrainian Premier League.	Oleh Boroday	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Sergio Rochet Álvarez (born 23 March 1993) is an Uruguayan footballer who plays for AZ in Netherlands as a goalkeeper.	Sergio Rochet	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Dino Stecher (born April 5, 1964) is a Swiss ice hockey coach and former goaltender.	Dino Stecher	goaltender
position played on team / speciality	Gordon Bulloch (born 26 March 1975 in Glasgow) is a rugby union player who is hooker for West of Scotland F.C. and formerly Scotland.	Gordon Bulloch	hooker
position played on team / speciality	Iván Vargas (born 5 June 1991) is a Paraguayan football left midfielder.	Iván Vargas	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Keamogetse Wolff (born August 19, 1988) is a South African football (soccer) defender who plays for Premier Soccer League club Bidvest Wits but is on loan to Amazulu FC in the Premier Soccer League.	Keamogetse Wolff	defender
position played on team / speciality	Hristiyan Hristov (Bulgarian: Християн Христов; born 9 April 1995 in Varna) is a Bulgarian footballer who plays for Inter Plachidol as a goalkeeper.	Hristiyan Hristov	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Tommy Sword (born 12 November 1957) is a former professional football defender, who played primarily for Stockport County and has since been inducted into their hall of fame.	Tommy Sword	defender
position played on team / speciality	Miroslav Antonov (Bulgarian: Мирослав Антонов; born on 10 March 1986) is a Bulgarian footballer who currently plays as a forward for Maccabi Yavne in Israel.	Miroslav Antonov	forward
position played on team / speciality	François Groleau (born January 23, 1973 in Longueuil, Quebec) is a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman currently playing for Thetford Mines Isothermic in the Ligue Nord-Américaine de Hockey.	François Groleau	defenceman
position played on team / speciality	Loïc Guillon (born 11 January 1982 in Limoges) is a French football defender, currently playing for French team Angers SCO.	Loïc Guillon	defender
position played on team / speciality	Albert Quixall (born 9 August 1933 in Sheffield, Yorkshire, England), was an English football player who played as an inside-forward.	Albert Quixall	inside-forward
present in work	Desmond Miles is a fictional character and the protagonist of the Assassin's Creed series of video games.	Desmond Miles	Assassin's Creed
publication date	The Olympic Champ is a 1942 Goofy cartoon which explains the events in Track and field at the Olympic Games	The Olympic Champ	1942
publication date	Dansh is a 2005 Hindi Drama film directed by Kanika Verma and produced by Anish Ranjan.	Dansh	2005
publication date	Carmen Sandiego Math Detective is a 1998 Carmen Sandiego video game.	Carmen Sandiego Math Detective	1998
publication date	The Story of Louis Pasteur is a 1936 American biographical film.	The Story of Louis Pasteur	1936
publication date	The Mummy Strikes (1943) is the fourteenth of seventeen animated Technicolor short films based upon the DC Comics character of Superman.	The Mummy Strikes	1943
publication date	¿Por qué ya no me quieres? (``Why don't you love me anymore?'') is a 1954 Mexican film.	¿Por qué ya no me quieres?	1954
publication date	Money as Debt is a 2006 animated documentary film by Canadian artist and filmmaker Paul Grignon about the monetary systems practised through modern banking.	Money as Debt	2006
publication date	Silent Story is a 2001 film which was written and directed by Eduardo Cisneros.	Silent Story	2001
publication date	A Man on the Beach (1955) is a British short fiction film.	A Man on the Beach	1955
publication date	My Love, Don't Cross That River premiered at the 2013 DMZ International Documentary Film Festival, where it won the Audience Award.	My Love, Don't Cross That River	2013
publication date	Vampire Secrets is a 2006 docudrama about the mythology and lifestyle of vampires, produced by Indigo Films for the History Channel, and narrated by Corey Burton.	Vampire Secrets	2006
publication date	Cruel Jaws, also known as The Beast, is a 1995 direct-to-video thriller film.	Cruel Jaws	1995
publication date	Planes, Trains and Eric is a documentary film about Eric Clapton's Mid and Far East Tour, which the British rock musician held in 2014.	Planes, Trains and Eric	2014
publication date	East Side Stories is a 2010 Hungarian drama film, which was composed of four short films, each with a different director.	East Side Stories	2010
publication date	Letters of Gold is a word puzzle game released by Cupcake Entertainment on October, 2013 for Facebook.	Letters of Gold	2013
publication date	Henri Henri is a Canadian film from Quebec, released in 2014.	Henri Henri	2014
publication date	HoverRace is a racing video game created by GrokkSoft in 1996 as shareware.	HoverRace	1996
publication date	31 North 62 East is an independent psychological thriller film released in September 2009.	31 North 62 East	2009
publication date	Bandhanam (English: Bondage) is a 1978 Indian Malayalam film, directed by MT Vasudevan Nair and produced by VBK Menon.	Bandhanam	1978
publication date	The Shock of the New is a 1980 documentary television series written and presented by Robert Hughes produced by the BBC in association with Time-Life Films and produced by Lorna Pegram.	The Shock of the New	1980
publication date	Two Days, One Night premiered at the 2014 Cannes Film Festival on 20 May 2014.	Two Days, One Night	20 May 2014
publication date	Dwando (English: The conflict) is a 2009 Bengali film.	Dwando	2009
publication date	The Cheerleaders (UK theatrical title: The 18 Year Old Schoolgirls) is a 1973 comedy film directed by Paul Glickler, starring Stephanie Fondue and Denise Dillaway.	The Cheerleaders	1973
publication date	Both films were completed in 1970, though Umbracle was not shown until 1972.	Umbracle	1972
publication date	Piratskattens hemlighet (``The Secret of the Pirate Treasure'') is the Sveriges Television's Christmas calendar in 2014.	Piratskattens hemlighet	2014
publication date	Pop opp i topp is a song written by Thore Skogman, and was originally recorded as a duet between Thore Skogman and Lill-Babs for the 1965 film Pang i bygget.	Pop opp i topp	1965
publication date	Scent of Love (국화꽃 향기 lit. Scent of Chrysanthemums) is a 2003 South Korean film, and the directorial debut of Lee Jeong-wook.	Scent of Love	2003
publication date	Balipeetam is a 1975 Telugu Drama film directed by Dasari Narayana Rao.It is produced by Battini Syam Prasad.	Balipeetam	1975
publication date	Hey, I'm Alive is a 1975 American television movie.	Hey, I'm Alive	1975
publication date	Khushi Khushiyagi is a 2015 Indian Kannada romantic comedy film directed by Yogi G. Raj, a former associate of directors Preetham Gubbi and Harsha, making his first attempt at the direction.	Khushi Khushiyagi	2015
publication date	Daljina, dim i prašina (trans. Distance, Smoke and Dust) is the ninth studio album from Serbian rock band Bajaga i Instruktori, released in 2012.	Daljina, dim i prašina	2012
publication date	A Killer Among Friends is a 1992 made-for-television movie that aired on CBS on December 8, 1992.	A Killer Among Friends	1992
publication date	Crush and Blush (Hangul: 미쓰 홍당무; RR: Misseu Hongdangmu; lit. ``Miss Hongdangmu'' or ``Miss Carrot'') is a 2008 South Korean film.	Crush and Blush	2008
publication date	Every Good Marriage Begins with Tears is a 2006 British documentary film produced, directed and written by Simon Chambers.	Every Good Marriage Begins with Tears	2006
publication date	Once Brothers (Serbian: Једном браћа/Jednom braća, Croatian: Jednom braća) is a 2010 sports documentary film written and directed by Michael Tolajian.	Once Brothers	2010
publication date	New Year Baby is a 2006 documentary film that tells the story of a family that survived the Cambodian genocide, and started a new life in the United States.	New Year Baby	2006
publication date	Glasha and Kikimora (Russian: Глаша и Кикимора) is a 1992 Russian Animation film by Alexander Mazaev.	Glasha and Kikimora	1992
publication date	Conduct Zero (also known as No Manners) is a 2002 South Korean film directed by Jo Keun-shik.	Conduct Zero	2002
publication date	J'ai rêvé sous l'eau (US title: I Dreamt Under the Water) is a 2008 French romantic drama film directed and written by Hormoz.	J'ai rêvé sous l'eau	2008
publication date	Tamizhuku En Ondrai Azhuthavum (also referred to as TEOA) is a 2015 Tamil social thriller film written and directed by Ramprakash Rayappa.	Tamizhuku En Ondrai Azhuthavum	2015
publication date	Puthradharmam is a 1954 Indian Malayalam film, directed by Vimal Kumar and produced by KV Koshy.	Puthradharmam	1954
publication date	Jul i främmande hamn is a Christmas song written by Sven Rüno, and recorded by Johnny Bode for Sonora, released in November 1938 as the B-side of ``Den sista julresan'' and by Erik Källqvist, released as an A-side for Columbia in December the same year.	Jul i främmande hamn	1938
publication date	Plan 9 from Outer Space (originally titled Grave Robbers from Outer Space) is a 1959 American black-and-white science fiction horror film released by Distributors Corporation of America (as Valiant Pictures).	Plan 9 from Outer Space	1959
publication date	The Great White Silence is a 1924 English documentary that contains brief cinematograph sequences taken during the Terra Nova Expedition of 1910--1913.	The Great White Silence	1924
publication date	Drive Me Crazy is a 1999 teen romantic comedy based on the novel How I Created My Perfect Prom Date by Todd Strasser.	Drive Me Crazy	1999
publication date	The Eden Formula, also known as Tyrannosaurus Wrecks, is a 2006 low budget made-for-TV film written and directed by John Carl Buechler for Syfy.	The Eden Formula	2006
publication date	The Miracle of Our Lady of Fatima is a Warner color feature film made in 1952.	The Miracle of Our Lady of Fatima	1952
publication date	Love in Our Time is a 1968 British film documentary about sex.	Love in Our Time	1968
publication date	National Priority (Spanish: Prioridad nacional) is a 1979 Argentine short film.	National Priority	1979
publication date	Von hier an blind (German for From here on blind) is the second album by Wir sind Helden, released on 4 April 2005 in Germany.	Von hier an blind	4 April 2005
publication date	Immortally Yours, also known as Kiss of The Vampire, is a 2009 American direct-to-DVD vampire romance film.	Immortally Yours	2009
publication date	Slumber Party Massacre II is a 1987 rock n' roll slasher film.	Slumber Party Massacre II	1987
publication date	Danielle Steel's A Perfect Stranger, also known as A Perfect Stranger (just like the name of the romance novel by Danielle Steel from which the film takes origin) is a 1994 American romantic-drama television film directed by Michael Miller, whose most important element is the love triangle which characterizes it.	Danielle Steel's A Perfect Stranger	1994
publication date	Thairiyam (English: Braveness) is a 2010 Indian Tamil-language drama film written and directed by P. Kumaran.	Thairiyam	2010
publication date	Emmanuelle in Space is an American erotic science fiction television series produced for cable and syndication in 1994.	Emmanuelle in Space	1994
publication date	George of the Jungle 2 is the 2003 direct-to-video sequel of the 1997 Disney film George of the Jungle.	George of the Jungle 2	2003
publication date	Bacon on the Side (French: Il reste du jambon?) is a French romantic comedy film, released in 2010.	Bacon on the Side	2010
publication date	Ye Wooing of Peggy is a 1917 British silent romantic comedy film directed by Bertram Phillips and starring Queenie Thomas, Jack Grey and Frank Petley.	Ye Wooing of Peggy	1917
publication date	Prehistorik Man is a platforming video game for the Super Nintendo Entertainment System developed by Titus Interactive and published by Kemco in Japan in 1995 as P-Man and by Titus Interactive elsewhere in 1996.	Prehistorik Man	1996
publication date	Magandang Hatinggabi (literally means Good Midnight) is a 1998 Filipino comedy-horror film directed by Laurenti Dyogi and release by Star Cinema.	Magandang Hatinggabi	1998
publication date	AirTaxi is a 1994 computer game for the Amiga platform, based on the Commodore 64 game Space Taxi.	AirTaxi	1994
publication date	Sirens of the Sea Remixed is the remix album of the 2008 debut album Sirens of the Sea by the British vocal trance group Above & Beyond presents OceanLab, released on 8 June 2009.	Sirens of the Sea Remixed	8 June 2009
publication date	Clear Blue Tuesday is a 2009 musical film directed by Elizabeth Lucas.	Clear Blue Tuesday	2009
publication date	S&Man (pronounced as Sandman) is a 2006 pseudo-documentary film that examines the underground subculture of horror films.	S&Man	2006
publication date	Please Don't Eat My Mother is a 1973 exploitation film directed by Carl J. Monson.	Please Don't Eat My Mother	1973
publication date	Scared of Nuclear Plant (Tr: Nükleerden Korkuyorum) is a 2012 Turkish animated short film written and directed by Gökhan Okur.	Scared of Nuclear Plant	2012
publication date	The Guyver (released in Europe as Mutronics) is a 1991 American science fiction film loosely based on the Japanese manga series of the same name by Yoshiki Takaya.	The Guyver	1991
publication date	Keshu ( Malayalam: കേശു) is a 2009 Indian Malayalam children's film directed by Sivan.	Keshu	2009
publication date	Rakhi Aur Hathkadi is a Hindi film that was released in 1972.	Rakhi Aur Hathkadi	1972
publication date	Me and Him (German: Ich und Er) is a 1988 comedy film.	Me and Him	1988
publication date	Night Is Day is a 2012 independent feature film shot in Glasgow, Scotland.	Night Is Day	2012
publication date	Dirty Tennis is a 1989 short comedy parody video about tennis instructional videos.	Dirty Tennis	1989
publication date	A Curious Dream is a 1907 short drama film based on Mark Twain's short story ``The Curious Dream''.	A Curious Dream	1907
publication date	Disaster on the Coastliner is 1979 television film about a disgruntled railroad employee who attempts to cause a collision between two passenger trains.	Disaster on the Coastliner	1979
publication date	Aicha è tornata is a 2011 Italian documentary film by Juan Martin Baigorria, Lisa Tormena and Gaia Vianello.	Aicha è tornata	2011
publication date	Professional Soldier is a 1935 adventure film based on a 1931 story by Damon Runyon, ``Gentlemen, the King!''	Professional Soldier	1935
publication date	Adrift in a Great City is a 1914 American silent short drama produced by the Thanhouser Film Corporation that stars Florence LaBadie.	Adrift in a Great City	1914
publication date	The Presumption of Stanley Hay, MP (1925) is a British silent drama film directed by Sinclair Hill and starring David Hawthorne, Betty Faire, Fred Raynham and Kinsey Peile.	The Presumption of Stanley Hay, MP	1925
publication date	Three Dark Horses was released 19 days before the actual 1952 United States presidential election.	Three Dark Horses	1952
publication date	Deyyam (English: Ghost) is a 1996 Telugu horror film, written, produced and directed by Ram Gopal Varma.The film is based on hollywood film Poltergeist	Deyyam	1996
publication date	Dear Mr. Gacy is a 2010 Canadian drama thriller film directed by Svetozar Ristovski, starring William Forsythe and Jesse Moss.	Dear Mr. Gacy	2010
publication date	2 Frogs in the West (French: 2 frogs dans l'ouest) is a Canadian comedy-drama film, released in 2010.	2 Frogs in the West	2010
publication date	Cookie and Bibi 3 is a clone of the Puzzle Bobble series developed by Semicom in 1997.	Cookie and Bibi 3	1997
publication date	A Short Stay in Switzerland is a 2009 British television film directed by Simon Curtis and written by Frank McGuinness.	A Short Stay in Switzerland	2009
publication date	When Women Had Tails (Italian: Quando le Donne Avevano la Coda) is a 1970 Italian comedy film set in pre-historic times when ``women had tails'' and were hunted by cavemen.	When Women Had Tails	1970
publication date	The movie version of Passage to Zarahemla, was released to theaters October 15, 2007.	Passage to Zarahemla	2007
publication date	Rise of the Dragon is a graphic adventure game released in 1990 for DOS and Macintosh, and later remade for the Sega CD (1993) as well as the Amiga.	Rise of the Dragon	1990
publication date	Wackiki Wabbit is a 1943 Warner Bros. Merrie Melodies cartoon, starring Bugs Bunny.	Wackiki Wabbit	1943
publication date	Young Policemen In Love (Chinese: 新紮師兄追女仔; Jyutping: Sun Jat Si Hing Zhui Nui Zi) is a 1995 joint Taiwan and Hong Kong action comedy film directed by Taiwanese director Chu Yin-ping and produced by Hong Kong director Wong Jing.	Young Policemen In Love	1995
publication date	At the Terminus (Czech: Tam na konečné) is a 1957 Czechoslovak film.	At the Terminus	1957
publication date	Meu Tio Matou um Cara (``My uncle killed a guy'' in Portuguese) is a 2004 Brazilian comedy film.	Meu Tio Matou um Cara	2004
publication date	Americanizing Shelley is a 2007 Hollywood romantic comedy film with some Bollywood elements.	Americanizing Shelley	2007
publication date	Mixed-Up Fairy Tales is a graphic adventure game released by Sierra On-Line in 1991.	Mixed-Up Fairy Tales	1991
publication date	Main Aisa Hi Hoon (English: I Am Like This) is a Bollywood film released in 2005.	Main Aisa Hi Hoon	2005
publication date	``Scrub Me Mama with a Boogie Beat'' is a 1941 hit boogie-woogie song written by Don Raye.	Scrub Me Mama with a Boogie Beat	1941
publication date	Bobbie's Girl is a 2002 comedy-drama television movie about two women leading a comfortable, quiet life running a pub in Dublin who are suddenly confronted with a series of health and family crises.	Bobbie's Girl	2002
publication date	The Queen Is in the Factory (Turkish: Kraliçe Fabrika'da) is a 2008 Turkish drama film, directed by Ali Kemal Güven, which follows the lives of homosexuality young living together in the underbelly of Istanbul.	The Queen Is in the Factory	2008
publication date	Golden Ivory is a 1954 British adventure film shot in Kenya.	Golden Ivory	1954
publication date	Aadu Magaadra Bujji (Telugu: ఆడు మగాడ్రా బుజ్జి) is a 2013 Telugu film directed by debutante director Krishna Reddy Gangadhasuu and starring Sudheer Babu, Asmita Sood and Poonam Kaur in the lead roles.	Aadu Magaadra Bujji	2013
publication date	Killer Crocodile is a 1989 horror film about a large crocodile that mutates when exposed to large quantities of toxic waste, which has been dumped in the water where it lives.	Killer Crocodile	1989
publication date	The Miracle of Kathy Miller is a 1981 television movie which is based on the real-life story of a Scottsdale, Arizona teenager who was critically injured in a 1977 car accident.	The Miracle of Kathy Miller	1981
publication date	Whispers of Dead Zone (Turkmen: Ölü Bölgeden Fısıltılar) is a 2012 drama in Turkish-French co-production, directed by Fırat Çağrı Beyaz.	Whispers of Dead Zone	2012
publication date	The Grave Dust is a 2015 Nigerian supernatural romantic thriller film, directed by Ikechukwu Onyeka, starring Ramsey Nouah, Joke Silva, Joseph Benjamin and Amaka Chukwujekwu.	The Grave Dust	2015
publication date	Dear Claudia is a 1999 Australian romantic comedy.	Dear Claudia	1999
publication date	De re metallica (Latin for On the Nature of Metals (Minerals)) is a book cataloguing the state of the art of mining, refining, and smelting metals, published a year posthumously in 1556 due to a delay in preparing woodcuts for the text.	De re metallica	1556
publication date	If Only Everyone (Armenian: Եթե բոլորը) is a 2012 Armenian drama film directed by Nataliya Belyauskene.	If Only Everyone	2012
publication date	The Guardsman is a 1931 film based on the play Testőr by Ferenc Molnár.	The Guardsman	1931
publication date	Like Dandelion Dust is a 2009 drama film directed by Jon Gunn and based on the novel by the same name by Karen Kingsbury.	Like Dandelion Dust	2009
publication date	Thunderbirds Are Go is a 1966 British science-fiction film based on Thunderbirds, a 1960s television series starring marionette puppets and featuring scale model effects in a filming process dubbed ``Supermarionation''.	Thunderbirds Are Go	1966
publication date	Escape from Sobibor is a 1987 British made-for-TV film which aired on CBS.	Escape from Sobibor	1987
publication date	Gravehopping (Slovene: Odgrobadogroba) is a 2005 Slovenian film directed by Jan Cvitkovič.	Gravehopping	2005
publication date	Kanchhi (Nepali: कान्छी) is a 1984 Nepali film directed by B.S. Thapa and produced by Bhagawan Das Shrestha.	Kanchhi	1984
publication date	Granny's Garden is an educational adventure game for the BBC Micro in 1983.	Granny's Garden	1983
publication date	Tarzan and the Mermaids is a 1948 adventure film based on the Tarzan character created by Edgar Rice Burroughs.	Tarzan and the Mermaids	1948
publication date	Kulimlim is a 2004 Philippine horror film directed by Maryo J. delos Reyes.	Kulimlim	2004
publication date	Return of Jewel Thief is an Indian Hindi film released in 1996.	Return of Jewel Thief	1996
publication date	Rashtram is a 2006 Indian Malayalam film, directed by Anil C Menon and produced by C Karunakaran.	Rashtram	2006
publication date	Clara Gibbings is a 1934 Australian film directed by F.W. Thring about the owner of a London pub who discovers she is the daughter of an earl.	Clara Gibbings	1934
publication date	Ombak Rindu (Love Waves) is a Malaysian 2011 romance drama film directed by Ali Osman.	Ombak Rindu	2011
publication date	Meet Baluyev! (Russian: Знакомьтесь, Балуев!, translit. Znakomtes, Baluyev!) is a 1963 Soviet drama film directed by Victor Komissarjevski and based on a 1960 novel by Vadim Kozhevnikov.	Meet Baluyev!	1963
publication date	It Happened in Pikesville is a 1916 silent comedy film short featuring Oliver Hardy.	It Happened in Pikesville	1916
publication date	La Fiesta de todos is a 1979 Argentine film produced by the Ente Autartico Mundial 1978 (EAM´78)organization in charge of the organization of the 1978 FIFA World Cup where with a cast of Argentine actors like Luis Sandrini and other shows the feeling of the Argentinian people towards the event.	La Fiesta de todos	1979
publication date	Knight Tyme is a computer game released for the ZX Spectrum, Amstrad CPC, Commodore 64 and MSX compatibles in 1986.	Knight Tyme	1986
publication date	Mandıra Filozofu (English: Dairy Philosopher) is a 2014 Turkish ecology comedy film.	Mandıra Filozofu	2014
publication date	The Most Secret Place on Earth is a 2008 film by German director Marc Eberle, dealing with the secret operation waged by the CIA throughout the sixties and early seventies against communist guerrillas in Laos, particularly in the city of Long Chen.	The Most Secret Place on Earth	2008
publication date	Horror Stories 2 (Hangul: 무서운 이야기 2; RR: Mu-seo-un Iyagi) is a 2013 horror omnibus film made up of four episodes by four South Korean directors.	Horror Stories 2	2013
publication date	Parmatma (परमात्मा) is a 1978 Bollywood adventure film directed by Chand.	Parmatma	1978
publication date	K-9000 is a 1991 sci-fi crime TV movie starring Chris Mulkey, Catherine Oxenberg, Dennis Haysbert, and Judson Scott.	K-9000	1991
publication date	Something Necessary is a 2013 Kenyan drama film directed by Judy Kibinge.	Something Necessary	2013
publication date	Handling Ships is a 1945 British stop motion animated film made by Halas and Batchelor.	Handling Ships	1945
publication date	Neenu Nakkare Haalu Sakkare (Kannada: ನೀನು ನಕ್ಕರೆ ಹಾಲು ಸಕ್ಕರೆ) is a 1991 Indian Kannada comedy film directed by the duo Dorairaj and S. K. Bhagavan.	Neenu Nakkare Haalu Sakkare	1991
publication date	Endrendrum (Tamil: என்றென்றும்; English: Forever) is a 2014 Tamil thriller movie written, directed, and produced by Sinish Sreedharan, and edited by Tirupattur Sathyanarayan Suresh.	Endrendrum	2014
publication date	Because of a Flower (Tagalog: Dahil sa isang bulaklak) is a 1967 Philippine drama film directed by Luis Nepomuceno.	Because of a Flower	1967
publication date	Willie Mays and the Say-Hey Kid is a 1972 American traditional animated comedy film produced by Rankin/Bass Productions.	Willie Mays and the Say-Hey Kid	1972
publication date	Dog Watch was a direct-to-video film released in 1996.	Dog Watch	1996
publication date	The Colour of the Chameleon (Bulgarian: Цветът на Хамелеона, translit. Tsvetat Na Chameleona) is a 2012 Bulgarian comedy film directed by Emil Hristov.	The Colour of the Chameleon	2012
publication date	Red Roses and Petrol is a 2003 drama film based on the stage play of the same name by Joseph O'Connor.	Red Roses and Petrol	2003
publication date	Bloodlust! is a 1961 American horror/thriller film about a group of young adults who visit a tropical island only to become prey for a sadistic hunter.	Bloodlust!	1961
publication date	Anatomy of a Love Seen is a 2014 American romance drama film written and directed by Marina Rice Bader.	Anatomy of a Love Seen	2014
publication date	Skaterdater is a 1965 American short film.	Skaterdater	1965
publication date	Here I Am a Stranger is a 1939 American drama film directed by Roy Del Ruth and written by Sam Hellman and Milton Sperling.	Here I Am a Stranger	1939
publication date	Alice to Nowhere is a 1986 Australian miniseries set in the outback in 1954.	Alice to Nowhere	1986
publication date	The PC shareware version of Rebel Moon Rising was included on disc 2 of the EIDOS Interactive game Blood, copyright 1997.	Rebel Moon Rising	1997
publication date	The Fabulous Bastard from Chicago is a 1969 feature film produced by David F. Friedman.	The Fabulous Bastard from Chicago	1969
publication date	Love Thy Nature is a 2014 documentary film directed by Sylvie Rokab and narrated by Liam Neeson.	Love Thy Nature	2014
publication date	Vetrivel Sakthivel is a 2005 Indian Tamil film directed by Lakshmi Priyan.	Vetrivel Sakthivel	2005
publication date	Mr. Unbelievable (Chinese: Unbelievable先生; pinyin: Unbelievable xiānshēng) is a 2015 Singaporean musical comedy film directed by Ong Kuo Sin, and starring Chen Tianwen as the titular protagonist.	Mr. Unbelievable	2015
publication date	Doom Troopers (Also called Mutant Chronicles: Doom Troopers) is a video game released in 1995 by Adrenalin Entertainment for the Super NES and Mega Drive/Genesis gaming systems.	Doom Trooper	1995
publication date	An Affair of Three Nations is a 1915 American silent film based on a story by John T. McIntyre.	An Affair of Three Nations	1915
publication date	La Foule (French pronunciation: ​(la ful); ``The Crowd'') is a song sung by famed French singer Édith Piaf, released in 1957.	La Foule	1957
publication date	Dialogue d'ombres (``dialogue of shadows'') is a 2013 French-Swiss short drama film directed by Jean-Marie Straub, starring Cornelia Geiser and Bertrand Brouder.	Dialogue d'ombres	2013
publication date	Big Bird in China was a 1983 television special produced by Sesame Workshop and CCTV.	Big Bird in China	1983
publication date	Adventures of Malia is a 2015 award-winning independent animation short film directed, animated and written by Shubhavi Arya.	Adventures of Malia	2015
publication date	To Love a Maori is a 1972 New Zealand film about an interracial romance.	To Love a Maori	1972
publication date	Shadow of the Comet (later repackaged as Call of Cthulhu: Shadow of the Comet) is an adventure game developed and released by Infogrames in 1993.	Shadow of the Comet	1993
publication date	Bunny the Killer Thing is a 2015 Finnish horror comedy film directed by Joonas Makkonen, based on his similarly titled short film.	Bunny the Killer Thing	2015
publication date	November Christmas is a 2010 American film based on a short story written by Greg Coppa.	November Christmas	2010
publication date	Rocky Mountain Express is a 45-minute IMAX film released in the fall of 2011.	Rocky Mountain Express	2011
publication date	Stranger at My Door is a 1991 American made for television film starring Robert Urich.	Stranger at My Door	1991
publication date	The Lilac Ball (Russian: Лиловый шар) is a 1987 Soviet science-fiction children's movie starring Natalya Guseva as Alisa Selezneva, a character she had previously played in the TV miniseries Guest from the Future.	Lilac Ball	1987
publication date	Eighteen and Anxious is a 1957 American drama film directed by Joe Parker and written by Katherine Eunson and Dale Eunson.	Eighteen and Anxious	1957
publication date	My Bunny Lies over the Sea, a Warner Bros. Merrie Melodies (Blue Ribbon reissued in the beginning, with the original Merrie Melodies ending card) cartoon, was released on December 4, 1948.	My Bunny Lies over the Sea	1948
publication date	Forgotten Sins was a 1996 television movie based on Lawrence Wright's New Yorker articles and his book Remembering Satan, which was in turn based on the actual case of Paul Ingram.	Forgotten Sins	1996
publication date	Thottal Thodarum is a 2015 Tamil romantic thriller film written and directed by noted critic and writer Cable Sankar.	Thottal Thodarum	2015
publication date	Jibon Niye Khela is a 1999 Bengali film dealing with corruption in the doctor profession.	Jibon Niye Khela	1999
publication date	The Immoral (Norwegian: De Umoralske) is a 2013 Norwegian comedy film directed by Lars Daniel Krutzkoff Jacobsen.	The Immoral	2013
publication date	Man in the Wilderness is a 1971 American Revisionist Western film about a scout for a group of mountain men who are traversing the Northwestern United States during the 1820s.	Man in the Wilderness	1971
publication date	The Fluteman is a 1982 Australian film which retells the Pied Piper of Hamelin.	Fluteman	1982
publication date	Can't Complain is a 2009 American independent comedy film written and produced by Corey Williams.	Can't Complain	2009
publication date	Shayar-e-Kashmir Mahjoor (Hindi: शेर-ए-कश्मीर महजूर, Urdu: شاعرِ کشمیر مہجور‎) is a 1972 Bollywood biographical drama film directed by Prabhat Mukherjee.	Shayar-e-Kashmir Mahjoor	1972
publication date	The Sexual Life of Savages in North-Western Melanesia (pl. Życie seksualne dzikich w północno-zachodniej Melanezji) is a 1929 book by anthropologist Bronisław Malinowski.	The Sexual Life of Savages in North-Western Melanesia	1929
publication date	The Josephine Baker Story is an American television film that first aired on HBO on March 16, 1991.	The Josephine Baker Story	1991
publication date	Desert Thieves is a 1914 American silent short western film directed by Scott Sidney and featuring Charles Ray, Gretchen Lederer, Tsuru Aoki, Frank Keenan and Ernest Swallow in lead roles.	Desert Thieves	1914
publication date	Thavarige Baa Thangi (Kannada: ತವರಿಗೆ ಬಾ ತಂಗಿ) is a 2002 Indian Kannada sentimental drama film directed by Om Sai Prakash and written by Ajay Kumar.	Thavarige Baa Thangi	2002
publication date	Vaadhyar (Malayalam: വാദ്ധ്യാർ, Vāadhyar ?; English: Teacher) is a 2012 Malayalam film directed by debutant Nidheesh Sakthi and written by Rajesh Raghavan, Produced by N Sudhish under the banner of Lakshminath Creations, and the music is composed by Manoj George and Rinil Gowtham.	Vaadhyar	2012
publication date	Kiladi Kitty (Kannada: ಕಿಲಾಡಿ ಕಿಟ್ಟಿ) is a 2012 Kannada comedy film directed by Anantha Raju and produced by Shivakumar under Sangama Films banner.	Kiladi Kitty	2012
publication date	Who Is Hope Schuyler? is a 1942 American action film directed by Thomas Z. Loring and written by Arnaud d'Usseau.	Who Is Hope Schuyler?	1942
publication date	New Wave Hookers is a popular 1985 pornographic film featuring a cast of established performers from the era and followed by several sequels and a remake.	New Wave Hookers	1985
publication date	Amada Bata (1964) (Odia: ଅମଡ଼ା ବାଟ, English The Untrodden Road) is a classic Odia film directed by Amar Ganguly based on eminent Odia woman writer of yester years Basant Kumari Patnaik's Novel master piece Amada Bata(1930), whose primary concern is the character Maya, before and after her marriage.	Amada Bata	1964
publication date	Hollywood Sex Wars was slated to be released by summer 2011.	Hollywood Sex Wars	2011
publication date	Destination Earth is a 1956 promotional cartoon created by John Sutherland.	Destination Earth	1956
publication date	Bangalore-based stage and screen star Honnappa Bhagavathar replaced M. K. Thyagaraja Bhagavathar, the first superstar of South-Indian cinema in Sri Murugan of 1946.	Sri Murugan	1946
publication date	Golemale Pirit Koro Na (sometimes Goley Maley Pirit Korona, Goley Maley Pirit Koro Na or Golemale Pirit Korona) is a 2013 Bengali film.	Golemale Pirit Koro Na	2013
publication date	Milenge Milenge (We Will Meet, We Will Meet) is a 2010 Bollywood romantic drama film.	Milenge Milenge	2010
publication date	Tiger Love is a 1977 Hong Kong martial arts film produced by Kan Yeung Film Company.	Tiger Love	1977
publication date	Thutta Mutta (Kannada: ತುತ್ತಾ ಮುತ್ತಾ) is a 1998 Indian Kannada romantic drama film directed by Kishore Sarja and produced by his brother, actor Arjun Sarja.	Thutta Mutta	1998
publication date	Al's Lads (released in the United States as Capone's Boys) is a 2002 British crime/drama film.	Al's Lads	2002
publication date	Jawai Maaza Bhala (Marathi: जावई माझा भला; translation: My Good Son-in-law) is a Marathi film that was released on 16 March 2008.	Jawai Maaza Bhala	2008
publication date	Grave Halloween (also known as The Suicide Forest) is a 2013 TV horror film.	Grave Halloween	2013
publication date	She's Dating the Gangster is a 2014 Filipino teen romantic comedy-drama film based on the best Pop Fiction book of the same name originally published on CandyMag.com's Teen Talk section and it was popularized on Wattpad by Bianca Bernardino (pen name: SGwannaB).	She's Dating the Gangster	2014
publication date	Through the Air (French title: La Résistance de l'air) is a 2015 French-Belgian drama film directed by Fred Grivois.	Through the Air	2015
publication date	Yaamirukka Bayamey is a 2014 Indian Tamil horror comedy film written and directed by debutant Deekay and produced by Elred Kumar.	Yaamirukka Bayamey	2014
publication date	Exploring the Reef (2003) is a humorous short documentary film included on the second disc of the Finding Nemo DVD.	Exploring the Reef	2003
publication date	Sing, Neighbor, Sing is a 1944 American musical film directed by Frank McDonald and written by Dorrell McGowan and Stuart E. McGowan.	Sing, Neighbor, Sing	1944
publication date	Gary Grigsby's Pacific War is a 1992 strategy wargame released by Strategic Simulations, Inc..	Gary Grigsby's Pacific War	1992
publication date	The Interrupters is a 2011 documentary film, produced by Kartemquin Films, that tells the story of three violence interrupters who try to protect their Chicago communities from the violence they once employed.	The Interrupters	2011
publication date	A Woman of Paris is a feature-length American silent film that debuted in 1923.	A Woman of Paris	1923
publication date	Horror House on Highway Five is a 1985 independent low budget slasher, concerning a sociopath dressed up as Richard Nixon, who goes rampaging through the night traveling down a highway to terrorize passing motorists.	Horror House on Highway Five	1985
publication date	George Who? (French: George qui?) is a 1973 French biographical film directed by Michèle Rosier and starring Anne Wiazemsky, Alain Libolt and Denis Gunsbourg.	George Who?	1973
publication date	Peoria Babylon is a 1997 comedy-genre film.	Peoria Babylon	1997
publication date	Together with Giustino and Berenice, Arminio is one of three operas Handel wrote within a period of half a year in 1736.	Arminio	1736
publication date	Fort Vengeance is a 1953 Northwestern shot in Cinecolor at the Corriganville movie ranch.	Fort Vengeance	1953
publication date	Tarzan the Magnificent is a 1960 British film, the follow-up to Tarzan's Greatest Adventure (1959).	Tarzan the Magnificent	1960
publication date	Vilayati Babu (Punjabi: ਵਿਲਾਇਤੀ ਬਾਬੂ), also spelled Walayati Babu, is a 1981 Punjabi film directed by Dharam Kumar, starring Mehar Mittal, Reena Roy, Nasir Hussain, Ved Goswami, Yogesh Chhabda with a special appearance of Amitabh Bachchan.	Vilayati Babu	1981
publication date	The Call of the Entrepreneur is a 2007 documentary produced by Acton Media, part of the Acton Institute, along with Cold Water Media.	The Call of the Entrepreneur	2007
publication date	Sweet Angel Mine is a 1996 thriller directed by Curtis Radclyffe	Sweet Angel Mine	1996
publication date	Design for Leaving is a 1954 Looney Tunes theatrical animated short, reissued as a Blue Ribbon Merrie Melodies cartoon in 1961, produced by Warner Bros. and released in 1954.	Design for Leaving	1954
publication date	The Human Tornado (also known as Dolemite II) is a 1976 American cult Blaxploitation film, was the sequel to Dolemite.	The Human Tornado	1976
publication date	Once in a Summer (Hangul: 그해여름) is a 2006 South Korean melodrama/romance film directed by Jo Keun-shik.	Once in a Summer	2006
publication date	The Languages of the Peoples of the USSR (Russian: Языки народов СССР) is a scholarly work in five volumes published in Moscow in 1967 by Nauka to celebrate the 50th anniversary of the October Revolution.	The Languages of the Peoples of the USSR	1967
publication date	Balkan Is Not Dead (Macedonian: Балканот не е мртов) is a 2012 Macedonian film.	Balkan Is Not Dead	2012
publication date	Die Hard with a Vengeance is a 1995 American action film and the third in the Die Hard film series.	Die Hard with a Vengeance	1995
publication date	Back Door to Hell is a 1964 film concerning a three-man team of United States soldiers preparing the way for Gen. MacArthur's World War II return to the Philippines by destroying a Japanese communications center.	Back Door to Hell	1964
publication date	The Old People (Spanish: Los viejos) is a 2011 Bolivian drama film directed by Martín Boulocq.	The Old People	2011
publication date	S.P.Q.R.: 2,000 and a Half Years Ago (Italian: S.P.Q.R. - 2000 e ½ anni fa) is an Italian film comedy released in 1994.	S.P.Q.R.: 2,000 and a Half Years Ago	1994
publication date	The Gene Generation is a 2007 Biopunk science fiction film about an assassin who battles DNA hackers.	The Gene Generation	2007
publication date	Money Idol Exchanger (also known as Money Puzzle Exchanger in the USA) is a puzzle game created in 1997 by Japanese video game developer Face for the Neo Geo MVS arcade system.	Money Idol Exchanger	1997
publication date	The Oh in Ohio is a 2006 comedy film directed by Billy Kent.	The Oh in Ohio	2006
publication date	No sé si cortarme las venas o dejármelas largas is a 2013 Mexican film directed by Manolo Caro.	No sé si cortarme las venas o dejármelas largas	2013
publication date	Super Force is an American action-adventure TV series which aired from October 1990 to May 1992.	Super Force	1990
publication date	Mutation Nation is a beat 'em up arcade game that was developed and released by SNK for the Neo Geo Japanese arcade and home systems in 1991 while the English versions were released in 1992.	Mutation Nation	1991
publication date	``It's Still Rock and Roll to Me'' is a hit 1980 song performed by Billy Joel, from the hit album Glass Houses.	It's Still Rock and Roll to Me	1980
publication date	Wavemakers (original French title Le chant des ondes) is a 2012 Quebec documentary film about the Ondes Martenot, directed by Caroline Martel.	Wavemakers	2012
publication date	They Made Her a Spy is a 1939 American spy drama film produced and distributed by RKO Radio Pictures.	They Made Her a Spy	1939
publication date	They Bite is a 1996 American science fiction/horror film directed by Brett Piper.	They Bite	1996
publication date	I, Anna is a 2012 noir thriller film written and directed by Barnaby Southcombe and based on Elsa Lewin's novel of the same name.	I, Anna	2012
publication date	Irish Eyes Are Smiling is a 1944 musical film which chronicles the life of popular Irish song composer Ernest R. Ball.	Irish Eyes Are Smiling	1944
publication date	Son of a Lion is a 2007 Australian-Pakistani drama film set in Darra Adam Khel, in Pakistan's Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province.	Son of a Lion	2007
publication date	Pater Damiaan terug is a 1936 silent documentary short directed by Clemens De Landtsheer.	Pater Damiaan terug	1936
publication date	The Klansman is a 1974 American motion picture drama based on the book of the same name by William Bradford Huie.	The Klansman	1974
publication date	Vinmeengal (English: Stars) is a 2012 Tamil film written and directed by Vignesh Menon.	Vinmeengal	2012
publication date	Kaalapani (English: Black Water) is a 1996 Indian epic film set in 1915 focusing the lives of Indian freedom fighters kept in prison during the British Raj.	Kaalapani	1996
publication date	Run Chrissie Run! is a 1986 Australian film, directed by Chris Langman.	Run Chrissie Run!	1986
publication date	Cold Trail (Icelandic: Köld slóð) is a 2006 Icelandic film directed by Birni Brynjúlfi Björnssyni.	Cold Trail	2006
publication date	Road Riot 4WD is a video game that was originally released in 1991 for video arcades.	Road Riot 4WD	1991
publication date	Balaraju (Telugu: బాలరాజు) is a 1948 Telugu film directed and produced by Ghantasala Balaramaiah.	Balaraju	1948
publication date	A paperback edition of The Conscience of a Liberal was released in January 2009.	The Conscience of a Liberal	January 2009
publication date	Shobhanam is a 1997 Indian Malayalam film directed by KS Sivachandran and starring MG Soman and Anusha in the lead roles.	Shobhanam	1997
publication date	Vidhi Vilasa (Kannada: ವಿಧಿ ವಿಲಾಸ) is a 1962 Indian Kannada film, directed by S. V. Mahesh and produced by N N Murugayyan.	Vidhi Vilasa	1962
publication date	Tuuliset tienoot is the second album by Finnish pop rock band Indica, released in 2005.	Tuuliset tienoot	2005
publication date	See Anthony Run (alternate title: The Sleepover) is a 2005 short film co-written and directed by Matthew Piacentini, a production assistant on the 1993--2005 ABC police drama NYPD Blue.	See Anthony Run	2005
publication date	The Great Kilapy (Portuguese: O Grande Kilapy) is a 2012 comedy-drama film directed by Zézé Gamboa.	The Great Kilapy	2012
publication date	Pavitra Prema (English: Divine Love) is a 1998 Telugu film produced by V. Srinivasa Reddy on Srinivasa Productions directed by Muthyala Subbaiah.	Pavitra Prema	1998
publication date	Tiyasha is an upcoming 2013 Bengali film directed by Animesh Roy starring Saswata Chatterjee and Chandrayee Ghosh.	Tiyasha	2013
publication date	The Major Lied 'Til Dawn is a Merrie Melodies cartoon released to theaters on August 13, 1938.	The Major Lied 'Til Dawn	1938
publication date	Let's Rock (known as Keep It Cool in the United Kingdom) is a 1958 rock and roll film starring Julius LaRosa as a crooner attempting to fight off the rival music rock and roll, Phyllis Newman as his songwriting girlfriend who convinces him to adapt rather than fight and Conrad Janis as LaRosa's manager.	Let's Rock	1958
publication date	Frog Baseball is the pilot episode of Beavis and Butt-head, created by Mike Judge in 1992 for Sick and Twisted Festival of Animation, which aired on MTV's Liquid Television.	Frog Baseball	1992
publication date	Kalari Vikraman is an unreleased 2003 Malayalam-language Indian feature film directed by Deepak Mohan, starring Mukesh and Vidya Balan in lead roles.	Kalari Vikraman	2003
publication date	Why Shoot the Teacher? is a 1977 Canadian comedy-drama film based on a book of the same name by Max Braithwaite.	Why Shoot the Teacher?	1977
publication date	Tennessee Johnson is a 1942 American film about Andrew Johnson, the 17th president of the United States, released by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.	Tennessee Johnson	1942
publication date	Man or Gun is a 1958 American Western film directed by Albert C. Gannaway and written by Vance Skarstedt and James J. Cassity.	Man or Gun	1958
publication date	Harmony Cats is a 1992 Canadian comedy film.	Harmony Cats	1992
publication date	Jahači magle (trans. Fog Riders) is the third studio album from Serbian and former Yugoslav rock band Bajaga i Instruktori, released in 1986.	Jahači magle	1986
publication date	Solo Trans is a concert film by Neil Young, released in 1984.	Solo Trans	1984
publication date	A Night at the Roxbury is a 1998 American comedy film based on a recurring skit on television's long-running Saturday Night Live called ``The Roxbury Guys''.	A Night at the Roxbury	1998
publication date	Released on 20 June 1966, the Yesterday and Today album's controversial cover (see section below) marked the first time the Beatles' judgement was criticised by the media and distributors.	Yesterday and Today	20 June 1966
publication date	Lend a Paw is an animated short film produced in Technicolor by Walt Disney Productions, distributed by RKO Radio Pictures and released to theaters on October 3, 1941.	Lend a Paw	1941
publication date	The Mistle-Tones is a made-for-TV movie musical that premiered on December 9, 2012 as part of ABC Family's 25 Days of Christmas.	The Mistle-Tones	2012
publication date	A Marine Story is a 2010 drama film written and directed by Ned Farr about the United States military's ``Don't ask, don't tell'' policy on gay, lesbian and bisexual people serving in the armed forces.	A Marine Story	2010
publication date	NBA Fastbreak '98 was a basketball simulator released for the Sony PlayStation in 1997.	NBA Fastbreak '98	1997
publication date	The Barber of Birmingham is a 2011 documentary film about James Armstrong, one of the unsung heroes of the U.S. Civil Rights Movement.	The Barber of Birmingham	2011
publication date	Kangalal Kaidhu Sei (English: Arrest by eyes) is a 2004 Tamil language film, written and directed by Bharathiraja.	Kangalal Kaidhu Sei	2004
publication date	Hobo Bobo is a Merrie Melodies cartoon short released by Warner Bros. on May 17, 1947, written by Warren Foster and directed by Robert McKimson, with narration by Robert C. Bruce, and Bobo's only line delivered by Stan Freberg.	Hobo Bobo	1947
publication date	The Faces of the Moon (Original title: Las caras de la luna) is a 2002 Mexican drama film directed by Guita Schyfter.	The Faces of the Moon	2002
publication date	Ravana Brahma is a 1986 Telugu action drama film directed by K. Raghavendra Rao and produced by Vadde Ramesh.	Ravana Brahma	1986
publication date	Brother Future is a 1991 science fiction movie.	Brother Future	1991
publication date	Bruce Lee's Secret (aka Secret of Bruce Lee and Bruce Lee's Deadly Kung Fu) is a 1976 Hong Kong martial arts action film directed by Chan Wa and William Cheung Ki, which is also a pseudo biopic of Bruce Lee.	Bruce Lee's Secret	1976
publication date	Fantasy Man is a 1984 Australian film about a man who has a mid life crisis and has fantasies.	Fantasy Man	1984
publication date	Miles of Smiles, Years of Struggle is a 1982 documentary film about a group of Pullman car porters who organized the Brotherhood of Sleeping Car Porters - claimed to be the first African American trade union.	Miles of Smiles, Years of Struggle	1982
publication date	Chaochow Guy is a 1972 Taiwanese and Hong Kong film of the Martial Arts genre.	Chaochow Guy	1972
publication date	Between Floors is a 2009 American independent drama film that was produced and directed by Jen White as her directorial debut.	Between Floors	2009
publication date	It's Everybody's War was a short dramatic propaganda film produced by 20th Century Fox and distributed by the Office of War Information in 1942.	It's Everybody's War	1942
publication date	Passionada is a 2002 romantic comedy film.	Passionada	2002
publication date	Ladda Land (Thai: ลัดดาแลนด์) is a 2011 Thai horror film directed and co-written by Sophon Sakdaphisit.	Ladda Land	2011
publication date	Orders (original title: Les Ordres, known in the United States as: Orderers) is a 1974 Quebec historical drama film about the incarceration of innocent civilians during the 1970 October Crisis and the War Measures Act enacted by the Canadian government of Pierre Trudeau.	Les Ordres	1974
publication date	K-911 is a motion picture comedy which was released direct-to-video in 1999.	K-911	1999
publication date	Fahrenhype 9/11 (stylized FahrenHYPE 9/11) is a 2004 documentary video made in response to Michael Moore's documentary Fahrenheit 9/11.	Fahrenhype 9/11	2004
publication date	Burn Cycle (stylized as Burn:Cycle) is a 1994 adventure video game for the CD-i that incorporates full motion video.	Burn Cycle	1994
publication date	Blast Vegas is a 2013 made-for-television disaster film about an Egyptian sandstorm curse that destroys Las Vegas, Nevada.	Blast Vegas	2013
publication date	Galaxy Wars is an arcade video game developed by Universal and manufactured by Taito in 1979.	Galaxy Wars	1979
publication date	Bava Bavamaridi is a 1993 Telugu drama film directed by Sarath and produced by M. V Lakshmi under M. M. Movie Arts.	Bava Bavamaridi	1993
publication date	The World According to Sesame Street is a 2006 documentary film created by Participant Productions, looking at the cultural impact of the children's television series Sesame Street, and the complexities of creating international adaptations.	The World According to Sesame Street	2006
publication date	The Long Island Incident is a 1998 American television film produced by Barbra Streisand's Barwood Films.	The Long Island Incident	1998
publication date	Vintage Violence was released on 25 March 1970 by record label Columbia.	Vintage Violence	25 March 1970
publication date	Quai des Orfèvres is a 1947 French police procedural drama based on the book Légitime défense by Stanislas-Andre Steeman.	Quai des Orfèvres	1947
publication date	The Beloved Rogue is a 1927 American silent film, loosely based on the life of the 15th century French poet, François Villon.	The Beloved Rogue	1927
publication date	For Washington is a 1911 American silent short historical fiction drama film produced by the Thanhouser Company.	For Washington	1911
publication date	Trekkies 2 is the 2004 sequel to the 1997 documentary film Trekkies.	Trekkies 2	2004
publication date	Half Serious is a 2013 Bengali language film directed by Utsav Mukherjee.	Half Serious	2013
publication date	Zatikon was released as demoware on November 7, 2008.	Zatikon	2008
publication date	Love, Lust and Violence (also known as Mafia Girls and Gangster Girls) is a 1975 pornographic film directed by Norbert Meisel, and written by Stan Kamber.	Love, Lust and Violence	1975
publication date	Usfahrt Oerlike (German: Ausfahrt Oerlikon) is a 2015 Swiss German-language film.	Usfahrt Oerlike	2015
publication date	Bloodsucking Cinema is a 2008 documentary about vampire movies and it has horror directors talking about the genre.	Bloodsucking Cinema	2008
publication date	A Buddha (Spanish: Un Buda) is a 2005 Argentine film written and directed by Diego Rafecas, a Zen teacher in Argentina It has Agustín Markert, Carolina Fal and Diego Rafecas himself in the lead roles.	A Buddha	2005
publication date	Ghosts of the Abyss is a 2003 documentary film released by Walt Disney Pictures and Walden Media.	Ghosts of the Abyss	2003
publisher	Splatoon is a third-person shooter video game developed and published by Nintendo for the Wii U, released worldwide in May 2015.	Splatoon	Nintendo
publisher	We Think, Therefore We Are (2009) is a science fiction anthology of new short stories edited by Peter Crowther, the sixth in his themed science fiction anthology series for DAW Books.	We Think, Therefore We Are	DAW Books
publisher	RAH-66 Comanche vs. KA-52 Hokum (2000) were developed by Razorworks and published by Empire Interactive, while Enemy Engaged 2 (2007) was developed and published by G2 Games.	Enemy Engaged	G2 Games
publisher	Rayman Raving Rabbids, known in French as Rayman contre les Lapins Crétins (literally meaning ``Rayman against the Moronic Rabbits''), is a spinoff in the Rayman series released by the company Ubisoft as a Wii launch title.	Rayman Raving Rabbids	Ubisoft
publisher	Stochastic Processes and their Applications is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Elsevier for the Bernoulli Society for Mathematical Statistics and Probability.	Stochastic Processes and their Applications	Elsevier
publisher	Architectural Heritage is an academic journal published by Edinburgh University Press on behalf of the Architectural Heritage Society of Scotland in November each year.	Architectural Heritage	Edinburgh University Press
publisher	The adventure of King Smurf first started in Spirou magazine in 1964 as Le Schtroumpfissime (cf. illustrissimo -- most illustrious -- a term sometimes used to flatter European monarchs of the medieval and Renaissance period).	King Smurf	Spirou
publisher	MapleStory DS (Korean: 메이플스토리 DS) (Japanese: メイプルストーリーDS) is a role-playing video game for the Nintendo DS. It is an adaptation of the original MMORPG game for Windows titled MapleStory.	MapleStory DS	Nintendo
publisher	Theoretical and Applied Climatology is a monthly journal published by Springer Science+Business Media which focuses on atmospheric sciences and climatology.	Theoretical and Applied Climatology	Springer Science+Business Media
publisher	Social Cognitive and Affective Neuroscience is a bimonthly peer-reviewed scientific journal covering social neuroscience published by Oxford University Press.	Social Cognitive and Affective Neuroscience	Oxford University Press
publisher	The New Green Consumer Guide is a practical lifestyle book written by Julia Hailes and published by Simon & Schuster on May 21, 2007.	The New Green Consumer Guide	Simon & Schuster
publisher	MVP Baseball 2005 is a baseball video game developed and published by Electronic Arts.	MVP Baseball 2005	Electronic Arts
publisher	Cell Metabolism, launched in January 2005, is one of the newer titles in the Cell Press family.	Cell Metabolism	Cell Press
publisher	Bart Simpson's Guide to Life is a humorous book published in the United States in 1993 by HarperCollins (imprint HarperPerennial).	Bart Simpson's Guide to Life	HarperCollins
publisher	The Quarterly Journal of Austrian Economics is a heterodox economics journal published quarterly by the Ludwig von Mises Institute.	Quarterly Journal of Austrian Economics	Ludwig von Mises Institute
publisher	Thea Realm Fighters was an Atari Jaguar game scheduled for Q3 1995 release.	Thea Realm Fighters	Atari
publisher	Charlie Murder was the third Ska Studios game published by Microsoft Studios.	Charlie Murder	Microsoft Studios
publisher	Fate/unlimited codes is a fighting video game planned by Cavia, developed by Eighting, and published by Capcom.	Fate/unlimited codes	Capcom
publisher	A History of Banking in all the Leading Nations, first published in 1896 by The Journal of Commerce, is a four-volume history of banking in North America, Europe, China and Japan.	A History of Banking in all the Leading Nations	The Journal of Commerce
publisher	We Couldn't Leave Dinah is a children's novel by Mary Treadgold, first published by Jonathan Cape in 1941 with illustrations by Stuart Tresilian.	We Couldn't Leave Dinah	Jonathan Cape
publisher	Old Possum's Book of Practical Cats (1939) is a collection of whimsical poems by T. S. Eliot about feline psychology and sociology, published by Faber and Faber.	Old Possum's Book of Practical Cats	Faber and Faber
publisher	Review of Research in Education is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by Sage Publications on behalf of the American Educational Research Association.	Review of Research in Education	Sage Publications
publisher	Deep Duck Trouble Starring Donald Duck, known in Japan as Donald Duck's Four Treasures (ドナルドダックの4つの秘宝 Donarudo Dakku no Yotsu no Hihō) is a Sega Master System and Sega Game Gear title originally released in 1993 It is a Disney-licensed game developed by Sega.The game was made in 1992.	Deep Duck Trouble Starring Donald Duck	Sega
publisher	It is published by Elsevier, which also publishes Bioorganic & Medicinal Chemistry for longer works.	Bioorganic & Medicinal Chemistry	Elsevier
publisher	The Florida Law Review (Bluebook abbreviation: Fla. L. Rev.) is a bimonthly law review published by the University of Florida's Fredric G. Levin College of Law.	Florida Law Review	Fredric G. Levin College of Law
publisher	They founded the Kesmai company in 1982 and in 1985 an enhanced version of Dungeons of Kesmai, Island of Kesmai, was launched on CompuServe.	Island of Kesmai	CompuServe
publisher	Letters in Mathematical Physics is a peer-reviewed scientific journal in mathematical physics published by Springer Science+Business Media.	Letters in Mathematical Physics	Springer Science+Business Media
publisher	Geek Love is a novel by Katherine Dunn, published completely by Alfred A. Knopf (a division of Random House) in 1989.	Geek Love	Random House
publisher	Cops 'n' Robbers is a game for home computers published by Atlantis Software originally in 1985 for the Commodore VIC-20 and in virtually identical form on the Commodore 64.	Cops 'n' Robbers	Atlantis Software
publisher	Critical Inquiry is a peer-reviewed academic journal in the humanities published by the University of Chicago Press.	Critical Inquiry	University of Chicago Press
publisher	Knight Lore is a 1984 action-adventure game by Ultimate Play the Game known for popularising isometric graphics in video games.	Knight Lore	Ultimate Play the Game
publisher	In Search of the Most Amazing Thing (ISOTMAT) is a computer game designed by Tom Snyder Productions and published by Spinnaker Software in 1983.	In Search of the Most Amazing Thing	Spinnaker Software
publisher	Aeria Games & Entertainment (AGE) had to comply with the IP ban, and as a result the player base of Project Torque dramatically decreased.	Project Torque	Aeria Games & Entertainment
publisher	Leggo was established by Caltagirone Editore, owned by Francesco Gaetano Caltagirone, in 2001.	Leggo	Caltagirone Editore
publisher	Tales from the Perilous Realm is a compilation of some of the lesser-known writings of J. R. R. Tolkien published in 1997 by HarperCollins without illustrations.	Tales from the Perilous Realm	HarperCollins
publisher	Hydrogeology Journal is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published eight times a year by Springer Science+Business Media.	Hydrogeology Journal	Springer Science+Business Media
publisher	Gateway to Apshai is an action-adventure game for the Commodore 64, ColecoVision and Atari 400/800 home computers, developed by The Connelley Group and published by Epyx as a prequel to Temple of Apshai.	Gateway to Apshai	Epyx
publisher	Sonic Dash is an endless runner platformer video game developed by Hardlight and published by Sega.	Sonic Dash	Sega
publisher	Major League Baseball 2K9 Fantasy All-Stars is a Nintendo DS spin-off of Major League Baseball 2K9 in the vein of MLB Power Pros, developed by Deep Fried Entertainment and published by 2K Sports.	Major League Baseball 2K9 Fantasy All-Stars	2K Sports
publisher	The Lie Tree is the seventh children's fantasy novel by Frances Hardinge, published in 2015 by Macmillan Publishers.	The Lie Tree	Macmillan Publishers
publisher	Springer Lecture Notes in Computer Science (LNCS) is a series of computer science books published by Springer Science+Business Media (formerly Springer-Verlag) since 1973.	Lecture Notes in Computer Science	Springer Science+Business Media
publisher	Linear Algebra and its Applications is a biweekly peer-reviewed mathematics journal published by Elsevier and covering matrix theory and finite-dimensional linear algebra.	Linear Algebra and its Applications	Elsevier
publisher	Rockman EXE Battle Chip Stadium is an arcade game in the Mega Man Battle Network sub-series of Mega Man games from Capcom.	Rockman EXE Battle Chip Stadium	Capcom
publisher	Daytona USA 2 is an arcade racing game released by Sega in 1998 as a follow-up to the extremely successful Daytona USA.	Daytona USA 2	Sega
publisher	Pages from the Mages was a soft-bound volume published by TSR.	Pages from the Mages	TSR
publisher	The Hong Kong Journal of Social Work is a bilingual academic journal published by the Hong Kong Social Workers Association Limited in collaboration with World Scientific in English and Chinese.	The Hong Kong Journal of Social Work	World Scientific
publisher	Call for the Saint is a collection of two mystery novellas by Leslie Charteris, first published in the United States in 1948 by The Crime Club, and later the same year in the United Kingdom by Hodder and Stoughton.	Call for the Saint	The Crime Club	Hodder and Stoughton
publisher	The Essential Charles Eastman (Ohiyesa) (2007, World Wisdom) is a compilation of the writings of Charles Eastman.	The Essential Charles Eastman (Ohiyesa)	World Wisdom
publisher	The Georgetown Law Journal is a student-edited scholarly journal published at Georgetown University Law Center.	Georgetown Law Journal	Georgetown University Law Center
publisher	Tetrisphere is a falling block puzzle video game for the Nintendo 64 (N64) console.	Tetrisphere	Nintendo
publisher	Clinical Chemistry and Laboratory Medicine is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal that is published by Walter de Gruyter in association with the International Federation of Clinical Chemistry and Laboratory Medicine.	Clinical Chemistry and Laboratory Medicine	Walter de Gruyter
publisher	A slightly modified port of the title, called Ecco Jr. and the Great Ocean Treasure Hunt!, was also available on the Sega Pico.	Ecco Jr.	Sega
publisher	The HSS Journal, the Musculoskeletal Journal of Hospital for Special Surgery is a peer-reviewed medical journal published by Springer Science+Business Media.	HSS Journal	Springer Science+Business Media
publisher	Annals of Rome is a turn-based strategy game from now-defunct Personal Software Services.	Annals of Rome	Personal Software Services
publisher	The Ghost of Thomas Kempe is a low fantasy novel for children by Penelope Lively, first published by Heinemann in 1973 with illustrations by Anthony Maitland.	The Ghost of Thomas Kempe	Heinemann
publisher	Mosaic in Green is a photographic encyclopedia project which attempts to portray a colourful illustration of the history, natural landscape, culture and people of Bangladesh.	Mosaic in Green	Bangladesh
publisher	The Sword of Conan is a collection of four fantasy short stories written by Robert E. Howard featuring his seminal sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian, first published in hardcover by Gnome Press in 1952.	The Sword of Conan	Gnome Press
publisher	Bubble Bobble Double Shot is a game in the Bubble Bobble series for the Nintendo DS. It was released in Europe on March 23, 2007 and Australia on April 5, 2007 by Rising Star Games.	Bubble Bobble Double Shot	Rising Star Games
publisher	The Prow Beast is the fourth and final novel of the Oathsworn series by Scottish writer of historical fiction, Robert Low, released on 5 August 2010 through Harper.	The Prow Beast	Harper
publisher	Writers on Comics Scriptwriting is book series published by Titan Books containing interviews from top comic book writers about their writing techniques and principle works.	Writers on Comics Scriptwriting	Titan Books
publisher	Ontamarama (おんたま♪おんぷ島へん Ontama Onputouhen) is a rhythm game published by Atlus for the Nintendo DS. It was released in Japan in July 2007, and in North America on November 6, 2007.	Ontamarama	Atlus
record label	Originally released in August 1941 on Okeh Records, Okeh Presents the Wayfaring Stranger (Okeh K-3) is an album consisting of four 10-inch records (78 rpm, 6315-6318) by Burl Ives.	Okeh Presents the Wayfaring Stranger	Okeh Records
record label	Eight Songs for Greg Sage and the Wipers is a Wipers tribute album released on Tim/Kerr Records in 1992.	Eight Songs for Greg Sage and the Wipers	Tim/Kerr
record label	``I'll Be in Trouble'' is a 1964 hit single by The Temptations for the Gordy (Motown) label.	I'll Be in Trouble	Motown
record label	Spanish Goat Dancer is an EP released by New Zealand band, HLAH in 1994 on Wildside Records.	Spanish Goat Dancer	Wildside Records
record label	``Love Is Here and Now You're Gone'' is a 1967 song recorded by The Supremes for the Motown label.	Love Is Here and Now You're Gone	Motown
record label	Vrisko To Logo Na Zo (Greek: Βρίσκω Το Λόγο Να Ζω; ) is the third Greek-language studio album and fifth studio album overall by Greek singer Elena Paparizou, released on June 12, 2008 by Sony BMG Greece.	Vrisko To Logo Na Zo	Sony BMG
record label	Bringing It All Back Home is the fifth studio album by American singer-songwriter Bob Dylan, released on March 22, 1965 by Columbia Records.	Bringing It All Back Home	Columbia Records
record label	Bathhouse Betty was Midler's debut album for Warner Bros. Records, after having parted ways with sister label Atlantic Records in 1995 following the moderate commercial success of her later-platinum certified album Bette of Roses.	Bathhouse Betty	Warner Bros. Records
record label	Released in 1995 on Epic Records, I Think About You was also Raye's fourth consecutive album to receive a platinum certification by the RIAA.	I Think About You	Epic Records
record label	Seal in Red is the eleventh and final studio album by funk band Rufus, their debut on the Warner Bros. Records label, released in 1983.	Seal in Red	Warner Bros. Records
record label	Cry Like a Rainstorm, Howl Like the Wind is a studio album by American singer/songwriter/producer Linda Ronstadt, released in October 1989 by Elektra Records.	Cry Like a Rainstorm, Howl Like the Wind	Elektra Records
record label	Oh My God, Charlie Darwin is the third studio album by American indie folk band The Low Anthem, self-released in 2008, and re-released on June 29, 2009 on Nonesuch Records and Bella Union.	Oh My God, Charlie Darwin	Nonesuch Records	Bella Union
record label	Standing on the Verge of Getting It On is the sixth studio album by Funkadelic, released on Westbound Records, released in 1974.	Standing on the Verge of Getting It On	Westbound Records
record label	The Miles Davis Collection, Vol. 1: 12 Sides of Miles is a compilation album by American jazz musician Miles Davis, released in 1981 by Columbia Records.	The Miles Davis Collection, Vol. 1: 12 Sides of Miles	Columbia Records
record label	Polydor Records had originally chosen ``Some Kind of Miracle'' to be released, but the plan was dropped after an overwhelming fan response to ``Life Got Cold''.	Life Got Cold	Polydor Records
record label	The Supremes Sing Rodgers & Hart is the eleventh studio album released by The Supremes for Motown in 1967.	The Supremes Sing Rodgers & Hart	Motown
record label	Amour Anarchie (English: Anarchy Love) is a double album by Léo Ferré, released in 1970 by Barclay Records.	Amour Anarchie	Barclay Records
record label	A Little Ain't Enough is the third full-length studio album by David Lee Roth, released in January 1991 through Warner Music Group.	A Little Ain't Enough	Warner Music Group
record label	Caseyology is the sixth, fifth full-length, studio album by American punk rock band D.I., released in 2002 on Cleopatra Records.	Caseyology	Cleopatra Records
record label	``The Composer'' is a 1969 song released for Diana Ross & the Supremes by the Motown label.	The Composer	Motown
record label	Rockabilly Blues is the 64th album by American country singer Johnny Cash, released on Columbia Records in 1980 (see 1980 in music).	Rockabilly Blues	Columbia Records
record label	Mule Variations is the twelfth studio album by American musician Tom Waits, released on April 16, 1999 on the ANTI- label.	Mule Variations	ANTI-
record label	Mama Drama is the third studio album released by American rapper Mia X, which was released on October 27, 1998, on No Limit Records, distributed by Priority/EMI Records, and featured production from Master P and Beats By the Pound.	Mama Drama	No Limit Records	EMI
record label	Based on Happy Times is Tommy Keene's third album, his second for major label Geffen Records.	Based on Happy Times	Geffen Records
record label	Purpose + Grace is a 2011 album recorded by the English guitarist and banjo player Martin Simpson and released on the Topic Records label.	Purpose + Grace	Topic Records
record label	Apathy and Exhaustion is the third album by the Chicago, Illinois punk rock band The Lawrence Arms, released in 2002 by Fat Wreck Chords.	Apathy and Exhaustion	Fat Wreck Chords
record label	The Sound of The Shadows is the fourth rock album by British instrumental (and sometimes vocal) group The Shadows, released in 1964 through EMI Records.	The Sound of The Shadows	EMI Records
record label	``I Can't Quit You Baby'' was a vehicle for arranger/producer Dixon to launch Rush and Cobra Records, as it was the first single for both.	I Can't Quit You Baby	Cobra Records
record label	Misplaced Childhood was released in the United Kingdom on 17 June 1985 by EMI Records on LP, 12`` picture disc and cassette and went on to be the band's biggest selling album.	Misplaced Childhood	EMI
record label	In August 2008, Reprise Records announced that it would distribute Dig Out Your Soul in North America.	Dig Out Your Soul	Reprise Records
record label	Night of Desirable Objects was Snakefinger's fourth and final studio album, recorded with the Vestal Virgins and released by Ralph Records in 1987.	Night of Desirable Objects	Ralph Records
record label	``Hide Away'' is credited to Freddie King and Sonny Thompson (pianist and A&R man at Federal Records).	Hide Away	Federal Records
record label	``You Can Do Athletics, btw'' was the third single by We Are The Physics and the first to be released from their debut album on new label This Is Fake DIY Records.	You Can Do Athletics, btw	This Is Fake DIY
record label	The Documentary is the debut studio album by American rapper The Game, released on January 18, 2005, through Aftermath Entertainment, G-Unit Records and Interscope Records.	The Documentary	Aftermath Entertainment
record label	Relayer is the seventh studio album from the English progressive rock band Yes, released in November 1974 on Atlantic Records.	Relayer	Atlantic Records
record label	Return of the Mac is the first collaboration studio album by American rapper Prodigy of Mobb Deep and producer The Alchemist, released on March 27, 2007 through E1 Music.	Return of the Mac	E1 Music
record label	Into Somewhere is a studio album by Don Lanphere released by Hep Records in 1983.	Into Somewhere	Hep Records
record label	``XXXO'''s official remixes included contributions from Riton, SBTRKT and a dirty mix by Blaqstarr appearing on the UK 12-inch single released by XL Recordings.	XXXO	XL Recordings
record label	``Eternal Blaze'' is the 12th single by J-Pop singer Nana Mizuki, released on October 19, 2005 by King Records.	Eternal Blaze	King Records
record label	The Lost Trident Sessions is a studio album by jazz fusion group the Mahavishnu Orchestra, released on 21 September 1999 through Sony Music Entertainment.	The Lost Trident Sessions	Sony Music Entertainment
record label	Time Together is a jazz vocal album by singer-songwriter Michael Franks released in 2011 with Shanachie Records.	Time Together	Shanachie Records
record label	``I'm Not Over You'' is a 1994 song by the musician CeCe Peniston, originally recorded for her album Thought 'Ya Knew on A&M Records.	I'm Not Over You	A&M Records
record label	Hell in a Handbasket is the 12th studio album by Meat Loaf, released September 30, 2011 in Australia and New Zealand, through Legacy Recordings (Sony Music Entertainment).	Hell in a Handbasket	Legacy Recordings
record label	Co-op Brewery is an album by the Australian band Mutiny, released by Missing Link Records in Australia and Fistolo Records in the U.S. Co-op Brewery reflects Mutiny's greater ability to pay for production - it was recorded at Birdland Studios and Lindsay Gravina mixed ``Digging for Gold.''	Co-op Brewery	Missing Link Records
record label	United Kingdoms is an experimental album released in 1993 by the British electronic band Ultramarine on Blanco y Negro Records.	United Kingdoms	Blanco y Negro Records
record label	Switch V is the fifth album by Switch and the last they recorded for Motown.	Switch V	Motown
record label	Little Miss Dangerous is the ninth studio album by American hard rock guitarist Ted Nugent, released in 1986, the third on Atlantic Records.	Little Miss Dangerous	Atlantic Records
record label	Planeta Paulina (Planet Paulina) is an album by Mexican singer Paulina Rubio released in 1996 and her final album with the EMI Latin record label.	Planeta Paulina	EMI
record label	Kokomemedada was first released in 2003 on Sonet Records and in 2004 in the United States on the Minty Fresh label.	Kokomemedada	Sonet Records
record label	Like the covers of many King Crimson albums produced by Discipline Global Mobile, the cover of A Scarcity of Miracles features a painting by P J Crook.	A Scarcity of Miracles	Discipline Global Mobile
record label	Prophecies of Beautiful Regression is the fourth studio album from The Deadweights, released August 4, 1987, on Slash Records.	Prophecies of Beautiful Regression	Slash Records
record label	Departure from the Northern Wasteland is the debut album of composer Michael Hoenig, released in 1978 through Warner Bros. Records.	Departure from the Northern Wasteland	Warner Bros. Records
record label	It is also his first solo album on the Planet Mu label (Making Orange Things, released roughly a month prior to Songs About My Cats on Planet Mu, was a collaboration with Speedranch).	Songs About My Cats	Planet Mu
record label	Zombie Dog is the fifth studio album by the rock group Scapegoat released through Tragic Hero Records on January 22, 2008.	Zombie Dog	Tragic Hero Records
record label	In a new biography on Roadrunner Records' official website, Jonathan Davis declares The Path of Totality as ``future metal.''	The Path of Totality	Roadrunner Records
record label	Coltrane Plays the Blues is an album credited to jazz musician John Coltrane, released in 1962 on Atlantic Records, catalogue SD 1382.	Coltrane Plays the Blues	Atlantic Records
record label	The Return of the Magnificent Seven is the second collaborative album between Motown label mates The Supremes and Four Tops, released in 1971.	The Return of the Magnificent	Motown
record label	Originally released on the independent label Republic Records, One Fierce Beer Coaster was later picked up by Geffen Records two months after its release due to word-of-mouth popularity.	One Fierce Beer Coaster	Republic Records
record label	Their Rock Is Not Our Rock is the third studio album by stoner rock band Fireball Ministry, released by Liquor And Poker Music in 2005.	Their Rock Is Not Our Rock	Liquor And Poker Music
record label	Matono (Greek: Ματώνω; English: I'm bleeding) is the title of the sixth studio album by the popular Greek artist Peggy Zina, released in 2004 by Minos EMI.	Matono	Minos EMI
record label	Hind Hind Legs is an album released by Montreal-based indie band The Lovely Feathers by Equator Records on April 18, 2006 (see 2006 in music).	Hind Hind Legs	Equator Records
record label	Bone Machine is a critically acclaimed and award-winning album by Tom Waits, released in 1992 on Island Records.	Bone Machine	Island Records
record label	Fiend Club Lounge is a tribute album to the horror punk band the Misfits, recorded by the Nutley Brass and released in 2005 by Misfits Records.	Fiend Club Lounge	Misfits Records
record label	On August 25, 2014, Raury released his first mixtape, Indigo Child and on the same year, he signed with Columbia Records.	Raury	Columbia Records
record label	The Satellite Years is the second full-length album, as well as the Trustkill Records debut, of the hardcore band Hopesfall.	The Satellite Years	Trustkill Records
record label	One year after Perto do Amanhecer, Apocalypse released Aurora dos Sonhos through Musea Records.	Aurora dos Sonhos	Musea
record label	This Time I'm Swingin'! is an album recorded by Dean Martin for Capitol Records.	This Time I'm Swingin'!	Capitol Records
record label	Living on Polka Time is an album by Jimmy Sturr, released through Rounder Records in 1997.	Living on Polka Time	Rounder Records
record label	Ghost to a Ghost/Gutter Town consisted of two of the four albums Hank Williams III simultaneously released on September 6, 2011 on Hank 3 Records (www.hank3.com), with distribution through Megaforce Records.	Ghost to a Ghost/Gutter Town	Megaforce Records
record label	``Baby, I'm for Real'' is a soul ballad written by Marvin Gaye and Anna Gordy Gaye, produced by Marvin and recorded and released by American Motown vocal group The Originals for the Soul label issued in 1969.	Baby, I'm for Real	Motown
record label	The Harsh Light of Day is the third album by pop-rock band Fastball, released in September 2000 by Hollywood Records.	The Harsh Light of Day	Hollywood Records
record label	Hello, Are You There? is the second album from Voom, and their first for Lil' Chief Records.	Hello, Are You There?	Lil' Chief Records
record label	Tyrants and Wraiths is an EP by Austrian melodic death metal band Hollenthon, released by Napalm Records in 2009.	Tyrants and Wraiths	Napalm Records
record label	Ashes of the Wake is the third studio album by American groove metal band Lamb of God, released in 2004 via Epic Records.	Ashes of the Wake	Epic Records
record label	R2K is the tenth studio album by Filipino singer-actress Regine Velasquez, released on November 24, 1999 by Viva Records in the Philippines in CD and cassette format and later as a digital download.	R2K	Viva Records
record label	Tanz is the second recording by American guitarist Tim Sparks on the Tzadik Records label, released in 2000.	Tanz	Tzadik Records
record label	Alice in Hell is the debut studio album by Canadian heavy metal band Annihilator, released on April 17, 1989 by Roadrunner Records.	Alice in Hell	Roadrunner Records
record label	In 1997, The Kentucky Headhunters signed to BNA Records to release its fourth non-collaborative studio album, Stompin' Grounds, with Doug on lead vocals.	The Kentucky Headhunters	BNA Records
record label	Mixing for ``Union of the Snake'' was done right up to the last minute before the tapes had to be turned over to EMI for pressing.	Union of the Snake	EMI
record label	Wyspa dzieci (English: The Island of Children) is the second studio album by Polish group 2 Plus 1, released in 1975 by Polskie Nagrania Muza.	Wyspa dzieci	Polskie Nagrania Muza
record label	Sitting Targets is an album by Peter Hammill, released on Virgin Records in June 1981.	Sitting Targets	Virgin Records
record label	Don't Be Saprize is the debut album by the Road Dawgs, released on March 23, 1999 through Virgin Records.	Don't Be Saprize	Virgin Records
record label	Four for Trane is a studio album by Archie Shepp released on Impulse! Records in 1964.	Four for Trane	Impulse! Records
record label	The Take Off and Landing of Everything is the sixth studio album by English alternative rock band Elbow, released in the UK, Europe, and Australia through Fiction Records and Polydor Records on 10 March 2014 and in the US on Concord Records on 11 March 2014.	The Take Off and Landing of Everything	Fiction Records
record label	Banging the Drum is an album by Scream released in 1986 through Dischord Records.	Banging the Drum	Dischord Records
record label	Released in the US on 10 December 1984 on Columbia Records, ''Do They Know It's Christmas?`` sold 1.9 million copies in its first eleven days on release but did not reach number 1 there, due to the more complex nature of the chart system, which counted airplay as well as sales.	Do They Know It's Christmas?	Columbia Records
record label	As the Spirit Wanes is the second studio album by English post-rock band Codes in the Clouds, released on 18 January 2011 on Erased Tapes Records.	As the Spirit Wanes	Erased Tapes Records
record label	Drinking Gasoline is an EP, released on Virgin Records in 1985 by Cabaret Voltaire as 2 x 12`` singles, consisting of four songs from the ''Gasoline in Your Eye`` videocassette that had not been previously issued on vinyl.	Drinking Gasoline	Virgin Records
record label	The Bittersweet Constrain is the fourth studio album by American dark cabaret artist Jill Tracy.	The Bittersweet Constrain	Jill Tracy
record label	Perfect Combination is a collaboration album by American contemporary R&B singers Stacy Lattisaw and Johnny Gill, released in February 1984 via Cotillion Records.	Perfect Combination	Cotillion Records
record label	Hot Day in Waco is a studio album by Dogbowl and Kramer, released on October 31, 1994 through Shimmy Disc.	Hot Day in Waco	Shimmy Disc
record label	Hello Fear is the eleventh album overall by Kirk Franklin released through Verity Records.	Hello Fear	Verity Records
record label	Zapp II is the second studio album by American funk band Zapp, released in 1982 via Warner Bros. Records.	Zapp II	Warner Bros. Records
record label	``I'll Make Love to You'' is a 1994 number-one hit single by R&B group Boyz II Men for the Motown label.	I'll Make Love to You	Motown
record label	Lo Que te Conté Mientras te Hacías la Dormida, (or What I Told You While You Were Pretending to Be Asleep) is the third studio album of the Spanish pop rock band La Oreja de Van Gogh issued by Sony Music Entertainment in April 2003.	Lo Que te Conté Mientras te Hacías la Dormida	Sony Music Entertainment
record label	Bahamas Is Afie is the third album from Canadian musician Bahamas, released August 19, 2014 on Brushfire Records.	Bahamas Is Afie	Brushfire Records
record label	Breathing Is Irrelevant is the debut studio album by the Canadian grindcore/mathcore band Ion Dissonance, released on September 2, 2003 through Willowtip Records.	Breathing Is Irrelevant	Willowtip Records
screenwriter	The Ancestor (Italian:L'antenato) is a 1936 Italian comedy film directed by Guido Brignone and starring Antonio Gandusio, Paola Barbara and Mercedes Brignone.	The Ancestor	Guido Brignone
series	``The Hellgramite Method'' is the forty-second episode and the seventh episode of the third season (1988--89) of the American television series The Twilight Zone.	The Hellgramite Method	The Twilight Zone
series	``No Compromises'' is the first episode of the fifth season of the science-fiction television series Babylon 5.	No Compromises	Babylon 5
series	``The Midnight Sun'' is episode 75 of the American television anthology series The Twilight Zone.	The Midnight Sun	The Twilight Zone
series	``The Last Recruit'' is the 13th television episode of the American Broadcasting Company's sixth season of the serial drama television series Lost and 116th episode overall.	The Last Recruit	Lost
series	Gare aux gaffes du gars gonflé, written and drawn by Franquin and Jidéhem, is an album of the original Gaston Lagaffe series, numbered R3.	Gare aux gaffes du gars gonflé	Gaston
series	``Everybody Hates Hugo'' is the fourth episode of the second season of the American drama television series Lost, and the show's 29th episode overall.	Everybody Hates Hugo	Lost
series	Birdy and the Beast is a 1944 Warner Bros. cartoon in the Merrie Melodies and Tweety series.	Birdy and the Beast	Merrie Melodies
series	The Lancia Kappa (Type 838) is an executive car produced by Italian automaker Lancia.	Lancia Kappa	executive car
series	``The Last Walt'' is the 20th episode of the third season of the American sitcom Modern Family and the series' 68th episode overall.	The Last Walt	Modern Family
series	``Living Witness'' is the 91st episode of the science fiction television series Star Trek: Voyager, the 23rd episode of the fourth season.	Living Witness	Star Trek: Voyager
series	``Summer of 4 Ft. 2'' is the twenty-fifth and last episode of The Simpsons' seventh season.	Summer of 4 Ft. 2	The Simpsons
series	``Attack of the Graske'' is an interactive mini-episode of the British science fiction television series Doctor Who that was first broadcast on the BBC Red Button service on 25 December 2005.	Attack of the Graske	Doctor Who
series	``Fry Am the Egg Man'' is the twenty-second episode of the sixth season of the animated sitcom Futurama, and originally aired August 11, 2011 on Comedy Central.	Fry Am the Egg Man	Futurama
series	``The Scorpion's Tale'' is the fifteenth episode of The Simpsons' twenty-second season.	The Scorpion's Tale	The Simpsons
series	Captain Vorpatril's Alliance is a science fiction novel by Lois McMaster Bujold, part of the Vorkosigan Saga.	Captain Vorpatril's Alliance	Vorkosigan Saga
series	``It's a SpongeBob Christmas!'' is the 23rd episode of the eighth season, and the 175th episode overall, of the American animated television series SpongeBob SquarePants.	It's a SpongeBob Christmas!	SpongeBob SquarePants
series	Somebody's Lion was the Thirty-First in the Huckleberry Hound cartoon series in the segment The Huckleberry Hound Show on October 10, 1959.	Somebody's Lion	The Huckleberry Hound Show
series	Jurassic World is a 2015 American adventure science fiction film and the fourth installment of the Jurassic Park series.	Jurassic World	Jurassic Park
series	``Cold Station 12'' is the fifth episode of the fourth season of the American science fiction television series Star Trek: Enterprise, the eighty-first episode overall.	Cold Station 12	Star Trek: Enterprise
series	The Unwilling Warlord is a fantasy novel by Lawrence Watt-Evans.	The Unwilling Warlord	Lawrence Watt-Evans
series	Pencil of Doom! is the second book of the Schooling Around series by Andy Griffiths.	Pencil of Doom!	Andy Griffiths
series	Lisa with an 'S' is the seventh episode of the twenty-seventh season of the animated television series The Simpsons, and the 581st episode of the series overall.	Lisa with an 'S'	The Simpsons
series	Sic Transit Vir is an episode from the third season of the science-fiction television series Babylon 5.	Sic Transit Vir	Babylon 5
series	``Ice Cream of Margie (with the Light Blue Hair)'' is the seventh episode of The Simpsons' eighteenth season, originally airing on the Fox network in the United States on November 26, 2006.	Ice Cream of Margie (with the Light Blue Hair)	The Simpsons
series	The Smugglers is the completely missing first serial of the fourth season in the British science fiction television series Doctor Who, which was first broadcast in four weekly parts from 10 September to 1 October 1966.	The Smugglers	Doctor Who
series	``Boyz 4 Now'' is the 21st episode of the third season of the American animated comedy series Bob's Burgers.	Boyz 4 Now	Bob's Burgers
series	The Infiltrators was the twenty-first novel in the spy series Matt Helm by Donald Hamilton.	The Infiltrators	Matt Helm
series	``Chef Aid'' is the fourteenth episode of the second season of the animated television series South Park, 27th episode of the series overall.	Chef Aid	South Park
series	Dragon Harper is a science fiction novel by the American-Irish author Anne McCaffrey and her son Todd McCaffrey, in the Dragonriders of Pern series that she initiated in 1967.	Dragon Harper	Dragonriders of Pern
series	``The Kids Run Away'' is the 19th episode of the fourth season of the animated comedy series Bob's Burgers and the overall 64th episode, and is written by Rich Rinaldi and directed by Boohwan Lim and Kyounghee Lim.	The Kids Run Away	Bob's Burgers
series	``6:02 AM EST'' is the 20th episode of the third season of the American science fiction drama television series Fringe, and the 63rd episode overall.	6:02 AM EST	Fringe
series	The Horns of Nimon is the fifth and final broadcast serial of the 17th season in the British science fiction television series Doctor Who, which was first broadcast in four weekly parts from 22 December 1979 to 12 January 1980.	The Horns of Nimon	Doctor Who
series	``Orchis Fatalis'' is the third episode of the eighth season of British television show Midsomer Murders and the thirty-eighth episode overall.	Orchis Fatalis	Midsomer Murders
series	``The Rebel Flesh'' is the fifth episode of the sixth series of the British science fiction television series Doctor Who, which was first broadcast on 21 May 2011 on BBC One and on BBC America in the United States.	The Rebel Flesh	Doctor Who
series	``The Butler's Escape'' is the 4th episode of the fourth season of the American sitcom Modern Family, and the series' 76th episode overall.	The Butler's Escape	Modern Family
series	``Roswell That Ends Well'' is the 19th episode of the third season of the animated television series Futurama.	Roswell That Ends Well	Futurama
series	``The Cutie Mark Chronicles'' is the twenty-third episode of the first season of the Canadian-American animated television series My Little Pony: Friendship Is Magic.	The Cutie Mark Chronicles	My Little Pony: Friendship Is Magic
series	``Red Man's Greed'' is the seventh episode of the seventh season and the 103rd overall episode of the Comedy Central series South Park, first broadcast on April 30, 2003.	Red Man's Greed	South Park
series	The Cobra Strikes is the first episode of the 1983 mini-series G.I. Joe: A Real American Hero.	The Cobra Strikes	G.I. Joe: A Real American Hero
series	``Won't You Pimai Neighbor?'' is the 78th episode in the Fox animated situation comedy series King of the Hill and was the 18th episode of the fourth season.	Won't You Pimai Neighbor?	King of the Hill
series	The Radiant Seas is a novel from the Saga of the Skolian Empire series of books by Catherine Asaro.	The Radiant Seas	Saga of the Skolian Empire
series	Falcondance is the third book in The Kiesha'ra Series by Amelia Atwater-Rhodes.	Falcondance	The Kiesha'ra Series
series	``The Big Goodbye'' is the 12th episode of the American science fiction television series Star Trek: The Next Generation.	The Big Goodbye	Star Trek: The Next Generation
series	If the Cap Fits... is the sixth episode of the fifth series of the British television sitcom Dad's Army that was originally transmitted on 10 November 1972.	If the Cap Fits...	Dad's Army
series	Familjen Anderssons sjuka jul (``The Andersson Family's Sick Christmas'') was the 1998 edition of Sveriges Radio's Christmas Calendar.	Familjen Anderssons sjuka jul	Sveriges Radio's Christmas Calendar
series	Traitor's Moon is the third book in Lynn Flewelling's Nightrunner series.	Traitor's Moon	Nightrunner
series	``The Bewitchin' Pool'' is the 156th and last episode of the American anthology television series The Twilight Zone.	The Bewitchin' Pool	The Twilight Zone
series	``But Can She Type?'' is the second segment of the thirteenth episode from the first season (1985--86) of the television series The Twilight Zone.	But Can She Type?	The Twilight Zone
series	``School Hard'' is episode three of season two of the television series Buffy the Vampire Slayer.	School Hard	Buffy the Vampire Slayer
series	Is There a Doctor in the Mouse? is a 1964 cartoon and is the 130th one-reel Tom and Jerry film directed and produced by Chuck Jones.	Is There a Doctor in the Mouse?	Tom and Jerry
series	``Proposition Infinity'' (``Proposition ∞'') is the fourth episode of the sixth season of the animated sitcom Futurama, and originally aired July 8, 2010 on Comedy Central.	Proposition Infinity	Futurama
series	The Battle of the Labyrinth is a 2008 fantasy-adventure novel based on Greek mythology; it is the fourth novel in the Percy Jackson & the Olympians series by Rick Riordan.	The Battle of the Labyrinth	Percy Jackson & the Olympians
series	The Dalek Invasion of Earth is the second serial of the second season in the British science fiction television series Doctor Who, which originally aired in six weekly parts from 21 November to 26 December 1964.	The Dalek Invasion of Earth	Doctor Who
series	The Sims Pet Stories is the second game released in The Sims Stories series.	The Sims Pet Stories	The Sims Stories
series	``Goodnight Gracie'' is the 24th and final episode of the fourth season of the American sitcom Modern Family, and the series' 96th episode overall.	Goodnight Gracie	Modern Family
series	``Ghost in the Machines'' is the nineteenth episode of the sixth season of the animated sitcom Futurama, and originally aired June 30, 2011, on Comedy Central.	Ghost in the Machines	Futurama
series	Chronicles of Avonlea is a collection of short stories by L. M. Montgomery, related to the Anne of Green Gables series.	Chronicles of Avonlea	Anne of Green Gables
series	``Sense & Sensitivity'' is episode 6 of season 1 in the television show Angel.	Sense & Sensitivity	Angel
sex or gender	Anna Sundström has been referred to as the first female chemist in Sweden.	Anna Sundström	female
sex or gender	Vida Nsiah (born 13 April 1976) is a retired female track and field sprinter and hurdler from Ghana.	Vida Nsiah	female
sex or gender	Pius Bazighe (born March 15, 1972) is a retired male javelin thrower from Nigeria, who represented his native country at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, Georgia.	Pius Bazighe	male
sex or gender	Kathy Segal is an American bodybuilding champion who rose to the top of the amateur ranks by winning the Ms. International Bodybuilding Championship, which was generally considered to be the second-most prestigious competition for female bodybuilders (behind only the Ms. Olympia competition).	Kathy Segal	female
sex or gender	Wu Yi-Fang (1893--1985) was one of the first women in China to hold accredited Bachelor of Arts degrees, and the first female university president in China.	Wu Yi-Fang	female
sex or gender	Choi Suk-jae (born November 7, 1966) is a male South Korean former handball player who competed in the 1988 Summer Olympics and in the 1992 Summer Olympics.	Choi Suk-jae	male
sex or gender	Leïla Maknoun (born 19 January 1992, Paris, France), is a French-Tunisian female footballer who plays as a forward for FF Issy in Division 1 Féminine of france.	Leïla Maknoun	female
sex or gender	Du Juan made her acting debut in the American Dreams in China , a highly-grossing film directed by Peter Chan in which she played Su Mei, the only female role in the movie.	Du Juan	female
sex or gender	Some of Madame Montour's female relatives were prominent local leaders in New York and Pennsylvania, and have often been confused with her by historians.	Madame Montour	female
sex or gender	Miroslava Kuciaková (born 31 January 1989) is a Slovak female former volleyball player, playing as an outside-spiker.	Miroslava Kuciaková	female
sex or gender	Ashton Chen Yong Zhao (Chinese: 陈勇肇) (born 9 September 1989) is a male Singaporean badminton player who competed at 2012 Japan Super Series.	Ashton Chen Yong Zhao	male
sex or gender	Opossunoquonuske (variant spelling: Oppussoquionuske) (died 1610) was a weroansqua, or female chief, of the Powhatan Confederacy.	Opossunoquonuske	female
sex or gender	Artem Pochtarev (Ukrainian: Артем Почтарьов) is a Ukrainian male badminton player.	Artem Pochtarev	male
sex or gender	Major Micky Colton is a female Canadian military pilot.	Micky Colton	female
sex or gender	Latanza Waters is a female house music singer who has been featured on several big club hits by various producers and remixers.	Latanza Waters	female
sex or gender	Virgil Hodge (born 17 November 1983) is a female sprinter from Saint Kitts and Nevis who specializes in the 200 metres.	Virgil Hodge	female
sex or gender	Wei Qiuyue (Chinese: 魏秋月; pinyin: Wèi Qiūyuè; born 26 September 1988 in Tianjin) is a female Chinese volleyball player.	Wei Qiuyue	female
sex or gender	Zhang Lifang (born January 3, 1982 in Henan) is a female Chinese softball player.	Zhang Lifang	female
sex or gender	Sue Day (born 29 October 1972) is an English female rugby union footballer who plays fullback for London Wasps Ladies and for England.	Sue Day	female
sex or gender	He Yingqiang (Chinese: 何英强; born 1965) is a male Chinese weightlifter.	He Yingqiang	male
sex or gender	Alviine-Johanna Kalep (26 June 1899 -- 15 August 1989), known as Elvy Kalep, was an Estonian aviator and the country's first female pilot, as well as an artist, toy designer and a one-time children's author.	Elvy Kalep	female
sex or gender	Veljko Basić (born 3 October 1959) is a French male former volleyball player and coach.	Veljko Basić	male
sex or gender	Kaye Bell was one of the first female jockeys in the history of US thoroughbred racing.	Kaye Bell	female
sex or gender	Céu reached unprecedented chart numbers for a Brazilian female artist--1 on Billboard's Heatseekers (New Artist) Chart, 57 on the Billboard Hot 100 and 1 on Billboard's World Music charts.	Céu	female
sex or gender	Mell (stylized as MELL, born August 1) is a female Japanese singer from Sapporo, Japan, who is signed to Geneon Universal Entertainment.	Mell	female
sex or gender	In 2003 Paulo Portas's name came up in connection with the Casa Pia Boys Orphanage sexual abuse scandal following a report in French newsmagazine Le Point about underage male prostitution in Lisbon.	Paulo Portas	male
sex or gender	Gao Fujin (Chinese: 高馥瑾; pinyin: Gāo Fùjǐn; born July 15, 1984 in Harbin, Heilongjiang) is a Chinese female ice hockey player.	Gao Fujin	female
sex or gender	Katy Sexton, MBE (born 21 July 1982) is a former female Olympic swimmer from Great Britain.	Katy Sexton	female
sex or gender	Ann Chernow, née Levy (born February 1, 1936 in New York City) is an American artist who is known for her portrait-style illustrations that evoke the images of female cinematic figures of the 1930s and 1940s.	Ann Chernow	female
sex or gender	Both Timur and Demir are popular male names in Turkey today.	Timur	male
sex or gender	Rema Namakula also known as Rema is a Ugandan female recording artist.	Rema Namakula	female
sex or gender	Faina Jyrkilä (1917-2008) was the first female Finnish sociologist.	Faina Jyrkilä	female
sex or gender	Nataliya Zolotukhina (Ukrainian: Наталія Золотухіна; born 4 January 1985 in Kharkiv, in the Ukrainian SSR of the Soviet Union) is a female hammer thrower from Ukraine.	Nataliya Zolotukhina	female
sex or gender	Petya Tsekova (Bulgarian: Петя Цекова) (born 13 October 1986) is a Bulgarian female volleyball player, playing as a right side hitter.	Petya Tsekova	female
sex or gender	Prateeksha Kashi is going to play the female lead role in Priyamanasam, A Sanskrit Movie based on Malayalam Poet Unnayi Variyar.	Prateeksha Kashi	female
sex or gender	On February 12, 1933, a 21-year-old female student, Kiyoko Matsumoto (松本 貴代子 Matsumoto Kiyoko), committed suicide by jumping into the crater of Mount Mihara, an active volcano on the island of Izu Ōshima, Japan.	Kiyoko Matsumoto	female
sex or gender	Kelly Forbes (born 26 December 1973) is a retired Canadian male skeleton racer, who took part in the 2005/2006 Skeleton World Cup trying to qualify for the 2006 Winter Olympics.	Kelly Forbes	male
sex or gender	Ren Cancan (Chinese: 任灿灿; pinyin: Rén Càncàn; born April 26, 1986) is a female Chinese boxer who has won three world championships.	Ren Cancan	female
sex or gender	Sahar Hussein al-Haideri (Arabic: سحر حسين الحيدري‎, July 15, 1962 Baghdad -- June 7, 2007 Mosul, Iraq) was an Iraqi female print and radio journalist.	Sahar Hussein al-Haideri	female
sex or gender	Maria Liktoras (born 20 February 1975) is a former female Polish volleyball player, a member of Poland women's national volleyball team in 2003--2008, a participant of the Olympic Games Beijing 2008, European Champion 2003, five-time Polish Champion (1999, 2000, 2001, 2002, 2005).	Maria Liktoras	female
sex or gender	Although he was male, Netjerkare Siptah is most likely the same person as the female ruler Nitocris mentioned by Herodotus and Manetho.	Netjerkare Siptah	male
sex or gender	Stefanija Statkuvienė (born September 5, 1962 in Kuršėnai, Lithuania) is a retired female long-distance runner from Lithuania.	Stefanija Statkuvienė	female
sex or gender	Huang Junqun (Chinese: 黄俊群) is a female former table tennis player from China.	Huang Junqun	female
sex or gender	Fumio Imamura (Japanese: 今村 文男; born November 5, 1966 in Chiba) is a retired male race walker from Japan.	Fumio Imamura	male
sex or gender	Senator Lady Evadne de Silva was one of the first female Senators in Ceylon (present-day Sri Lanka) and a prominent Philanthropist.	Evadne de Silva	female
sex or gender	Dalixia Fernández Grasset (born November 26, 1977 in Guantanamo) is a female beach volleyball player from Cuba, who won the gold medal in the women's beach team competition at the 2003 Pan American Games in Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic, partnering Tamara Larrea.	Dalixia Fernández	female
sex or gender	Gretchen Quintana Cordero (also Grechin Quintana; born June 30, 1984 in San Cristóbal, Pinar del Río) is a female heptathlete from Cuba, who competed for her native country at the 2008 Summer Olympics.	Gretchen Quintana	female
sex or gender	Victoria Wright (born 1 May 1974 in Pazardzhik as Victoria Hristova) is a Bulgarian born female badminton player from France.	Victoria Wright	female
sex or gender	Laslo Babits (born April 17, 1958 in Oliver, British Columbia, died June 12, 2013) was a male javelin thrower from Canada.	Laslo Babits	male
sex or gender	Rusmeris Villar Barboza (born 28 March 1983 in Cartagena) is a female weightlifter from Colombia.	Rusmeris Villar	female
sex or gender	Armando Becker (born June 9, 1966 in Caracas) is a retired male basketball player from Venezuela, who played as a forward during his career.	Armando Becker	male
sex or gender	Lady Megan Lloyd George CH (22 April 1902 -- 14 May 1966) was a Welsh-born British politician, who became the first female Member of Parliament (MP) for a Welsh constituency.	Megan Lloyd George	female
sex or gender	Bethany Donaphin (born on 1980 in New York, New York USA), is an American female basketball player.	Bethany Donaphin	female
sex or gender	Cécile Lignot-Maubert (née Lignot; born November 19, 1971 in Bastia, Corsica) is a retired female hammer thrower from France.	Cécile Lignot-Maubert	female
sex or gender	Visharada Neela Wickramasinghe is a veteran female singer and a musician in Sri Lanka, who mainly sings in Sinhalese.	Neela Wickramasinghe	female
sex or gender	Steen Fladberg is a retired male badminton player from Denmark, noted for his speed of foot, who excelled during the 1980s.	Steen Fladberg	male
sex or gender	Some of the male delegates from America sided with the women, including George Bradburn, Wendell Phillips, James Mott, William Adam, Isaac Winslow, J. P. Miller and Henry B. Stanton.	George Bradburn	male
sex or gender	Sanaa Seif is a female political activist who became actively involved in the Egyptian revolution in 2011.	Sanaa Seif	female
sex or gender	Divna Veković (1886--1944) is a notable woman from Montenegro who became the first female medical doctor in Montenegro.	Divna Veković	female
sex or gender	With over thirty-nine books Else Ury was not only one of the most productive female writers of her time, she was also one of the most successful.	Else Ury	female
sex or gender	Edwin Cassiani Tejedor (born October 28, 1972 in San Basilio de Palenque, Mahates) is a retired male boxer from Colombia, who competed in the light-welterweight division (-- 63.5 kg) during his career.	Edwin Cassiani	male
sex or gender	May Myat Noe was 15 years old during the time of competition, three years younger than the suggested minimum, which reads that potential contestants ``should be female, single between the ages of 18-27 years old.	May Myat Noe	female
sex or gender	Maria Christina Bruhn (1732--1802) was a Swedish inventor, likely to be the first patented female inventor of her country.	Maria Christina Bruhn	female
sex or gender	Silviu Casandra (born October 27, 1975) is a male race walker from Romania.	Silviu Casandra	male
sex or gender	Amy Vermeulen (born November 23, 1983 in Rosetown, Saskatchewan) is a female football (soccer) forward, who won the bronze medal with the Canadian women's national soccer team at the 2007 Pan American Games, she played with Vancouver Whitecaps.	Amy Vermeulen	female
sex or gender	Stacey Bentley (born 1958) is a registered nurse and former professional female bodybuilder of the late 1970s and early 1980s.	Stacey Bentley	female
sex or gender	LiveonRelease was the genesis of Colette Trudeau and Brittin Karroll who had decided to form an all female rock band at the age of 15.	Colette Trudeau	female
sex or gender	Hitomi Mitsunaga (born 3 June 1976) is a retired Japanese female volleyball player.	Hitomi Mitsunaga	female
sex or gender	Melisa Can (born May 12, 1984 in Iowa) aka Michelle Marie Campbell is U.S. born Turkish female basketball player at the power forward position who plays for Adana ASKİ.	Melisa Can	female
sex or gender	Qu Feifei (simplified Chinese: 曲飞飞; traditional Chinese: 曲飛飛; pinyin: Qǔ Fēifēi; born May 18, 1982 in Shenyang, Liaoning) is a female Chinese football (soccer) player who competed at the 2004 Summer Olympics.	Qu Feifei	female
sex or gender	Charlotte Teske (née Bernhardt; born November 23, 1949 in Sachsenhausen, a neighborhood in Waldeck, Hesse) is a former female long-distance runner from Germany, who represented West Germany at the 1984 Summer Olympics.	Charlotte Teske	female
sex or gender	Beya Bouabdallah (born December 24, 1944) is a former Tunisian female basketball player, female handball player, female volleyball player and female athletics player.	Beya Bouabdallah	female
sex or gender	Damon Galgut is openly homosexual and has stated that this leads him to focus on more male-oriented relationships in his writing.	Damon Galgut	male
sex or gender	Lorena Miranda Dorado (1991) is a Spanish female water polo player.	Lorena Miranda	female
sex or gender	Nicola Vizzoni (born 4 November 1973 in Pietrasanta, Province of Lucca) is a male hammer thrower from Italy.	Nicola Vizzoni	male
sex or gender	Alisa Harvey (temporarily Alisa Harvey-Hill; September 16, 1965) is a female middle distance runner from the United States.	Alisa Harvey	female
sex or gender	Martha Revuelta Jiménez (born September 6, 1986 in Mexico City) is a female beach volleyball and volleyball player from Mexico, who played during the Swatch FIVB World Tour 2005 playing with Teresa Galindo.	Martha Revuelta	female
sex or gender	Uneku Saliu-Atawodi (born 1987) commonly referred to as ``Neku Atawodi'', is a Nigerian female polo player.	Uneku Saliu-Atawodi	female
sex or gender	At Lichfield Honora Sneyd came under the influence of Canon Seward, who raised her, and his progressive views on female education, which he expressed in his poem The Female Right to Literature (1748).	Honora Sneyd	female
sex or gender	Liu Nannan (simplified Chinese: 刘南楠; traditional Chinese: 劉南楠; pinyin: Liú Nánnán; born June 19, 1983) is a former Chinese female tennis player.	Liu Nannan	female
sex or gender	Cosmas Rono Kipkorir (born 12 December 1984) is a male Kenyan middle-distance runner who specializes in the 800 metres.	Cosmas Rono Kipkorir	male
sex or gender	Chung So-young (born March 4, 1967) is a former female badminton player from South Korea.	Chung So-young	female
sex or gender	Beata Kaczmarska (born July 5, 1970 in Warsaw, Mazowieckie) is a former female racewalker from Poland, who represented her native country at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona, Spain.	Beata Kaczmarska	female
sex or gender	The first single, ``Mademoiselle Anne'', failed to replicate her cross-Canada success, but in 1991 the second single, ``Dis-moi, dis-moi'', put Mitsou back in the spotlight with a controversial video that showed her and several male and female models nude in a shower room.	Mitsou	female
sex or gender	Liu Ailing (simplified Chinese: 刘爱玲; traditional Chinese: 劉愛玲; pinyin: Liú Àilíng; born June 2, 1967 in Baotou, Inner Mongolia) is a female Chinese football (soccer) player who competed in the 1996 Summer Olympics and in the 2000 Summer Olympics.	Liu Ailing	female
sex or gender	1 May 2004 - Jacqueline Pang joined Radio 2 FM's long-running 'Morning Suite' Programme (06:00-10:00) enhancing the program and replacing the previous female Co-host.	Jacqueline Pang	female
sex or gender	Tian Jia (Chinese: 田佳; pinyin: Tián Jia; born 9 February 1981 in Tianjin) is a female Chinese professional beach volleyball player.	Tian Jia	female
sex or gender	Kay Thorpe explores many factors contributing to successful male-female intimate relationship, love and finally marriage and her writer's voice comes across strongly in each of her novels.	Kay Thorpe	female
sex or gender	Chung Myung-hee (Hangul: 정명희, Hanja: 鄭明熙) is a former female badminton player from South Korea.	Chung Myung-hee	female
sex or gender	Mindrolling Jetsün Khandro Rinpoche (birth name Tsering Paldrön; born August 19, 1967) is a rare example of a female lama in Tibetan Buddhism.	Khandro Rinpoche	female
sex or gender	Pakkawat Vilailak (Thai: ภควัฒน์ วิไลลักษณ์; born 30 October 1988) is a male Thai badminton player.	Pakkawat Vilailak	male
sex or gender	Alfred Jost resolved the controversy surrounding the mechanism of somatic sex differentiation by proving that male characteristics must be imposed on the fetus by the testicular hormones testosterone and AMH, respectively responsible for the virilization of the Wolffian ducts, urogenital sinus and external genitalia and for the regression of Müllerian ducts.	Alfred Jost	male
sex or gender	As William d'Évreux's older siblings are well documented to have had no surviving male heirs, William provides the only potential source of this connection.	William d'Évreux	male
sex or gender	Karen Tobin (born in Pennsylvania) is a female country music singer.	Karen Tobin	female
sex or gender	Amber Bowman (born January 28, 1985) is a female firefighter that has captured the world championships at the World Firefighter Challenge in 2012 and 2013.	Amber Bowman	female
spouse	On 15 February 2012 Basma Hassan married the political activist Amr Hamzawy, who was a Member of Parliament for the Freedom Egypt Party.	Basma Hassan	Amr Hamzawy
taxon rank	Wetlugasaurus (wet lizard) is an extinct genus of temnospondyl amphibian from the Early Triassic of northern Russia and Greenland.	Wetlugasaurus	genus
taxon rank	Morrosaurus is an extinct genus of herbivorous ornithischian dinosaur member of the Euornithopoda, that lived in the late Cretaceous in the Antarctica.	Morrosaurus	genus
taxon rank	Moolgarda is a genus of mugilid mullets found in coastal waters of the Indo-Pacific, including estuaries and rivers.	Moolgarda	genus
taxon rank	Ptychalaea dedecora is a species of very small air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Pupillidae.	Ptychalaea dedecora	species
taxon rank	Only one species has been described, Alkwertatherium webbi, from the Late Miocene of Northern Territory, Australia.	Alkwertatherium	species
taxon rank	Pritchardia lanaiensis, the Lānaʻi pritchardia, is a species of fan palm that is endemic to Hawaii in the United States.	Pritchardia lanaiensis	species
taxon rank	Celtis, commonly known as hackberries or nettle trees, is a genus of about 60--70 species of deciduous trees widespread in warm temperate regions of the Northern Hemisphere, in southern Europe, southern and eastern Asia, and southern and central North America, south to central Africa, and northern and central South America.	Celtis	genus
taxon rank	Scaptotrigona postica (also known locally in Brazil as mandaguari) is a species of stingless bee that lives mainly in Brazil.	Scaptotrigona postica	species
taxon rank	Rhacostoma atlanticum is a species of aequoreid hydrozoans.	Rhacostoma atlanticum	species
taxon rank	Peachia quinquecapitata, also known as the twelve-tentacled parasitic anemone, is a species of sea anemone in the family Haloclavidae.	Peachia quinquecapitata	species
taxon rank	Dynamine is a genus of nymphalid butterfly found in South America.	Dynamine	genus
taxon rank	Viviparus teschi is an extinct species of freshwater snail with an operculum, an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Viviparidae, the river snails.	Viviparus teschi	species
taxon rank	Melanoplus is a large genus of grasshoppers.	Melanoplus	genus
taxon rank	Hebanthe eriantha (suma or Brazilian ginseng) is a species of plant in the Amaranthaceae family.	Hebanthe eriantha	species
taxon rank	Marstonia agarhecta, common name Ocmulgee marstonia, is a species of freshwater snail with a gill and an operculum, aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Hydrobiidae.	Marstonia agarhecta	species
taxon rank	Alocasia fornicata is a plant species of many-nerved, broad-leaved, rhizomatous or tuberous perennials from the family Araceae, native to Indochina and to the Indian Subcontinent.	Alocasia fornicata	species
taxon rank	Halodule wrightii (shoalweed) is a plant species native to seacoasts of some of the warmer oceans of the world.	Halodule wrightii	species
taxon rank	Adcrocuta is an extinct genus of terrestrial carnivore the family Hyaenidae that lived during the Miocene period.	Adcrocuta	genus
taxon rank	Blochmannia is a genus of symbiotic bacteria found in carpenter ant.	Blochmannia	genus
taxon rank	Psychopyge is a genus of trilobite, that lived during the upper Emsian (or Upper Devonian) and has been found in Germany (P. psyche) and Morocco.	Psychopyge	genus
taxon rank	Probathyopsis is an extinct genus of Uintatheriidae.	Probathyopsis	genus
taxon rank	Nesoryzomys fernandinae, also known as the Fernandina nesoryzomys, Fernandina rice rat, or Fernandina Galápagos mouse, is a species of rodent in the genus Nesoryzomys of family Cricetidae.	Nesoryzomys fernandinae	species
taxon rank	Nectridea is the name of an extinct order of lepospondyl amphibians from the Carboniferous and Permian periods, including animals such as Diplocaulus.	Nectridea	order
taxon rank	Henricus contrastana, the contrasting henricus moth, is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae.	Henricus contrastana	species
taxon rank	Stromerichthys is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived during the Late Cretaceous epoch.	Stromerichthys	genus
taxon rank	Lyropupa microthauma is a species of gastropod in the Pupillidae family.	Lyropupa microthauma	species
taxon rank	Only a single species, Cyphornis magnus, is known to date.	Cyphornis	species
taxon rank	Pariotichus is an extinct genus of Permian Lepospondyls.	Pariotichus	genus
taxon rank	Frasera puberulenta (syn. Swertia puberulenta) is a species of flowering plant in the gentian family known by the common name Inyo frasera.	Frasera puberulenta	species
taxon rank	The Gnathorhizidae are an extinct family of lungfish that lived from the late Carboniferous until the middle Triassic.	Gnathorhizidae	family
taxon rank	Calystegia occidentalis is a species of morning glory known by the common name chaparral false bindweed.	Calystegia occidentalis	species
taxon rank	Anemone occidentalis, the white pasqueflower or western pasqueflower, is a herbaceous plant species in the genus Anemone and family Ranunculaceae.	Anemone occidentalis	species
taxon rank	Chlorolestes tessellatus, the forest malachite or mosaic sylph is a species of damselfly in the family Synlestidae.	Chlorolestes tessellatus	species
taxon rank	Inioteuthis japonica is a species of bobtail squid native to the western Pacific Ocean, specifically the waters off China, Taiwan, and southern Japan.	Inioteuthis japonica	species
taxon rank	Iniopterygiformes (``Nape Wing Forms'') is an extinct order of chimaera-like cartilaginous fish that lived from the Devonian to Carboniferous periods (345--280 million years ago).	Iniopterygiformes	order
taxon rank	Wiltonia is a genus of zoropsid spiders found in New Zealand.	Wiltonia	genus
taxon rank	Cylindroiulus punctatus (also known as the blunt-tailed snake millipede) is a species of millipede in the Julidae family.	Cylindroiulus punctatus	species
taxon rank	Sacoila is a genus of flowering plants from the orchid family, Orchidaceae, native to the Western Hemisphere.	Sacoila	genus
taxon rank	Cirsium ownbeyi is a rare North American species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name Ownbey's thistle.	Cirsium ownbeyi	species
taxon rank	Licuala spinosa, the Mangrove Fan Palm, is a species of palm in the genus Licuala.	Licuala spinosa	species
taxon rank	The Papuan bandicoot (Microperoryctes papuensis) is a species of marsupial in the family Peramelidae.	Papuan bandicoot	species
taxon rank	Strumigenys minutula is a species of ant found in Japan and Taiwan.	Strumigenys minutula	species
taxon rank	Planocrania is an extinct genus of crocodylians.	Planocrania	genus
taxon rank	Aphyosemion splendopleure is a species of freshwater fish belonging to the Nothobranchiidae family.	Aphyosemion splendopleure	species
taxon rank	Zaireichthys zonatus is a species of loach catfish endemic to the Democratic Republic of the Congo where it is found in the rapids just below Pool Malebo.	Zaireichthys zonatus	species
taxon rank	Centropomidae is a family of freshwater and marine fishes in the Perciformes.	Centropomidae	family
taxon rank	Romulea bulbocodium is one of the best-known species from the genus Romulea.	Romulea bulbocodium	species
taxon rank	Allium roylei is a plant species found high in the Himalayas of Pakistan, Afghanistan and India.	Allium roylei	species
taxon rank	Notholirion macrophyllum is a species of the genus Notholorion, in the Liliaceae (lily) family.	Notholirion macrophyllum	species
taxon rank	Pterostylis curta is a species of orchid found in New Caledonia and eastern and southeastern Australia.	Pterostylis curta	species
taxon rank	Allium acuminatum, also known as the tapertip onion or Hooker's onion, a species in the genus Allium and is native to the Western United States and Canada.	Allium acuminatum	species
taxon rank	Castilleja kaibabensis is a species of flowering plant in the broomrape family known by the common name Kaibab Plateau Indian paintbrush.	Castilleja kaibabensis	species
taxon rank	Ravoux's slavemaker ant (Myrmoxenus ravouxi) is a species of slave-making ant endemic to Europe.	Ravoux's slavemaker ant	species
taxon rank	Elacatinus evelynae, the Sharknose goby, is a species of goby native to the Western Atlantic Ocean from the Bahamas and the Lesser Antilles to the northern coast of South America, as well as the Antilles and western Caribbean.	Elacatinus evelynae	species
taxon rank	Agnostus is a genus of agnostid trilobites that lived during the upper Middle Cambrian--lower Upper Cambrian (approximately 506 to 492 million years ago).	Agnostus	genus
taxon rank	Nassarius reeveanus is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Nassariidae.	Nassarius reeveanus	species
taxon rank	Genista linifolia is a species of broom known by the common names Mediterranean broom, needle-leaved broom and flax broom.	Genista linifolia	species
taxon rank	Ariocarpus is a genus of 8 species of succulent, subtropical plants of the Cactaceae family.	Ariocarpus	genus
taxon rank	Atriplex confertifolia (shadscale) is a species of evergreen shrub in the Chenopodiaceae family, which is native to the western United States and northern Mexico.	Atriplex confertifolia	species
taxon rank	Penicillium olsonii is an anamorph, filamentous species of the genus of Penicillium which produces several polygalacturonases, xanthoepocin, asperphenamate, verrucolone, phthalate and olnacin.	Penicillium olsonii	species
taxon rank	Ptychagnostus is an extinct genus of blind trilobite that lived during the Cambrian period, part of the order Agnostida.	Ptychagnostus	genus
taxon rank	Pedicularis racemosa is a species of flowering plant in the broomrape family known by the common names sickletop lousewort and leafy lousewort.	Pedicularis racemosa	species
taxon rank	Volvariella volvacea (also known as paddy straw mushroom or straw mushroom) is a species of edible mushroom cultivated throughout East and Southeast Asia and used extensively in Asian cuisines.	Volvariella volvacea	species
taxon rank	Lagenidium is a genus of Oomycota.	Lagenidium	genus
taxon rank	Megasis rippertella is a species of snout moth.	Megasis rippertella	species
taxon rank	Lichenaula is a genus of Australian oecophorid moth.	Lichenaula	genus
taxon rank	Pseudoclitocybe cyathiformis, commonly known as the goblet funnel cap, is a species of fungus in the Tricholomataceae family, and the type species of the genus Pseudoclitocybe.	Pseudoclitocybe cyathiformis	species
taxon rank	Economidichthys trichonis, the Trichonis dwarf goby, is a species of goby endemic to Lake Trichonis, and oligotrophic lake in western Greece, where it can be found at depths down to 15 metres (49 ft) in vegetated areas.	Economidichthys trichonis	species
taxon rank	Semipodolaspis is an extinct genus of jawless vertebrate.	Semipodolaspis	genus
taxon rank	Agave parviflora is a species of succulent perennial flowering plant in the asparagus family, known by the common names Santa Cruz striped agave, smallflower century plant, and small-flower agave.	Agave parviflora	species
taxon rank	Chorigyne is a genus of plants first described as a genus in 1989.	Chorigyne	genus
taxon rank	The Alytidae are a family of primitive frogs.	Alytidae	family
taxon rank	Berberis bicolor is a shrub in the Berberidaceae described as a species in 1911.	Berberis bicolor	species
taxon rank	Acupalpus is a genus of insect-eating beetle species.	Acupalpus	genus
taxon rank	Earias vernana is a species of moth in the Nolidae family.	Earias vernana	species
taxon rank	Raranimus is an extinct genus of therapsid of the Middle Permian.	Raranimus	genus
taxon rank	Arbutus arizonica, commonly known as Arizona Madrone, is a tree species in the heath family family that is native to the southwestern United States and northwestern Mexico.	Arbutus arizonica	species
taxon rank	Pterostylis valida, commonly known as the Robust Greenhood, is a terrestrial orchid species that is endemic to Victoria, south-eastern Australia.	Pterostylis valida	species
taxon rank	The zona (Rheocles wrightae) is a species of fish in the Bedotiidae family.	Rheocles wrightae	species
taxon rank	Morimolamia fruhstorferi is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Morimolamia.	Morimolamia fruhstorferi	species
taxon rank	The Aptandraceae is a family of flowering plants in the sandalwood order.	Aptandraceae	family
taxon rank	The cigar jellyfish (Olindias phosphorica) is a species of jellyfish from the Central and East Atlantic, and the Mediterranean Sea, including off Malta.	Olindias phosphorica	species
taxon rank	Conus australis, common name the austral cone, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.	Conus australis	species
taxon rank	Habenaria roxburghii is a species of orchid found in southern India.	Habenaria roxburghii	species
taxon rank	Histioteuthis hoylei, commonly called the flowervase jewel squid, is a species of cock-eyed squid.	Histioteuthis hoylei	species
taxon rank	Allogalathea is a genus of squat lobsters, containing the following species:	Allogalathea	genus
taxon rank	Trillium underwoodii, the longbract wakerobin, is a plant species found only in the southeastern United States (Alabama, Georgia, and northern Florida).	Trillium underwoodii	species
taxon rank	Asymptoceras is an aipoceratid genus (Nautiloidea) similar to Aipoceras but tightly coiled and with only part of the body chamber divergent from the previous whorl.	Asymptoceras	genus
taxon rank	Fessonia brevicristata is a species of mite belonging to the family Smaridiidae.	Fessonia brevicristata	species
taxon rank	Bidens heterodoxa (Connecticut beggarticks) is a North American species of flowering plant in the daisy family.	Bidens heterodoxa	species
taxon rank	Sithon is a genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae.The members (species) of this genus are found in the Indomalaya ecozone.	Sithon	genus
taxon rank	Harmonia conformis (the large spotted ladybird) is a species of ladybird (the family Coccinellidae).	Harmonia conformis	species
taxon rank	Lapitaichthys frickei is a species of viviparous brotula found on reefs around New Caledonia.	Lapitaichthys frickei	species
taxon rank	Platyla microspira is a species of very small land snail with an operculum, a terrestrialgastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Aciculidae.	Platyla microspira	species
taxon rank	Vaginula rodericensis is a species of air-breathing land slug, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Veronicellidae, the leatherleaf slugs.	Vaginula rodericensis	species
taxon rank	Neuwiedia is a genus of primitive terrestrial orchids (family Orchidaceae), comprising 9 species native to China, Southeast Asia and certain Pacific Islands.	Neuwiedia	genus
taxon rank	Anaesthetis testacea is a species of longhorn beetle.	Anaesthetis testacea	species
taxon rank	Eutrema penlandii is a rare species of flowering plant in the mustard family known by the common names Penland's alpine fen mustard and Penland's eutrema.	Eutrema penlandii	species
taxon rank	Crepidodera aurata also known as willow flea beetle, is a species of flea beetles from the Chrysomelidae family, described by Marsham in 1802.	Crepidodera aurata	species
taxon rank	Typhlochactas mitchelli is a species of scorpion of the family Typhlochactidae.	Typhlochactas mitchelli	species
taxon rank	Ijima's leaf warbler (Phylloscopus ijimae) (also known as Izu leaf warbler, Ijima's willow warbler or Ijima's warbler) is a species of Old World warbler in the Phylloscopidae family.	Ijima's leaf warbler	species
taxon rank	Asaphus kowalewskii is one of the 35 species of trilobite of the genus Asaphus (this particular species is sometimes placed in its own genus, Neoasaphus).	Asaphus kowalewskii	species
taxon rank	Callionymus regani is a species of dragonet known only from the Saya de Malha Bank in the Indian Ocean at depths of around 148 metres (486 ft).	Callionymus regani	species
taxon rank	Somatochlora flavomaculata, also called yellow-spotted emerald, is a common species of dragonfly in the family Corduliidae.	Somatochlora flavomaculata	species
taxon rank	Malletiidae is a family of bivalves in the order Nuculanoida.	Malletiidae	family
taxon rank	Armillaria gemina is a species of mushroom in the family Physalacriaceae.	Armillaria gemina	species
taxon rank	Agnorhiza reticulata (syn. Wyethia reticulata), known by the common name El Dorado County mule's ears, is a rare species of flowering plant found only in a small region of north-central California.	Agnorhiza reticulata	species
taxon rank	Ponticola bathybius is a species of goby endemic to the Caspian Sea, where it occurs in depths down to 200 metres (660 ft).	Ponticola bathybius	species
taxon rank	Sphenopteris is a genus containing the foliage of various extinct plants.	Sphenopteris	genus
taxon rank	Aloe pearsonii (``Pearson's Aloe'') is very distinctive and unusual species of Aloe, that is naturally endemic to the arid Richtersveld area, on the border between South Africa and Namibia.	Aloe pearsonii	species
taxon rank	Mopaliidae is a taxonomic family of marine mollusks, polyplacophorans.	Mopaliidae	family
taxon rank	Gazania linearis is a species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common name treasure flower.	Gazania linearis	species
taxon rank	Halorubrum salsolis is a species of halobacteria which is known to live in the Great Salt Lake in the United States.	Halorubrum salsolis	species
taxon rank	Orthotylus minutus is a species of bug in the Miridae family that is can be found in Bulgaria, Croatia, Greece, Italy, Moldova, Portugal, Spain, Ukraine, and northwest Russia.	Orthotylus minutus	species
taxon rank	Taxandria juniperina commonly known as Wattle, Swamp Wattle, Warren River Cedar or Juniper Myrtle is a species of tree that grows in the south west corner of Western Australia.	Taxandria juniperina	species
taxon rank	Enchelyurus ater, the Black blenny, is a species of combtooth blenny found in the Pacific ocean.	Enchelyurus ater	species
taxon rank	Upis ceramboides is a species of beetle, one of many wood-living insects that benefit from forest fires.	Upis ceramboides	species
taxon rank	Iresine rhizomatosa is a species of plant in the amaranth family.	Iresine rhizomatosa	species
taxon rank	Racovitzia is a genus of Antarctic dragonfishes native to the Southern Ocean around Antarctica and the southern tip of Chile.	Racovitzia	genus
taxon rank	Etrumeus is a genus of round herrings in the family, Dussumieriidae.	Etrumeus	genus
taxon rank	Terebra protexta, common name the fine-ribbed auger, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Terebridae, the auger snails.	Terebra protexta	species
taxon rank	Prunus geniculata is a rare species of plum known by the common name scrub plum.	Prunus geniculata	species
taxon rank	Rhamnus davurica is a species of flowering plant in the buckthorn family known by the common name Dahurian buckthorn.	Rhamnus davurica	species
taxon rank	Buddleja soratae is a rare species endemic to one small area of Bolivia around Sorata, growing along forest edges at altitudes of 2,700 - 3,200 m; it was first described and named by Kraenzlin in 1913.	Buddleja soratae	species
taxon rank	Schagonaria is a genus of trilobite, an extinct group of marine arthropods.	Schagonaria	genus
taxon rank	Crataegus calpodendron is a species of hawthorn native to much of the eastern United States and to Ontario, Canada.	Crataegus calpodendron	species
taxon rank	Leptoptilos patagonicus is an extinct species of large bodied Leptoptilini stork that existed during the late Miocene epoch.	Leptoptilos patagonicus	species
taxon rank	Helianthus angustifolius is a species of sunflower known by the common name narrowleaf sunflower or swamp sunflower.	Helianthus angustifolius	species
taxon rank	Polygala smallii is a rare species of flowering plant in the milkwort family known by the common name tiny polygala, or tiny milkwort.	Polygala smallii	species
taxon rank	Melica brasiliana, is a grass species in the Poaceae family that is endemic to Brazil and southern South America.	Melica brasiliana	species
taxon rank	Mordellistena indistincta is a species of beetle in the family Mordellidae.	Mordellistena indistincta	species
taxon rank	Glyptagnostus reticulatus is a species of agnostid trilobite belonging to the genus Glyptagnostus.	Glyptagnostus reticulatus	species
taxon rank	Allium chodsha-bakirganicum is a plant species endemic to Kyrgyzstan.	Allium chodsha-bakirganicum	species
taxon rank	Agelena is a genus of agelenid spiders that trap their prey by weaving entangling non-sticky funnel webs.	Agelena	genus
taxon rank	Ophiacodon (meaning ``snake tooth'') is an extinct genus of synapsids belonging to the family Ophiacodontidae that lived from the Late Carboniferous to the Early Permian in North America and possibly Europe.	Ophiacodon	genus
taxon rank	Oxalis valdiviensis, the Chilean yellow-sorrel, is an Oxalis species found in Chile and Argentina.	Oxalis valdiviensis	species
taxon rank	Rosa nitida, also known as the shining rose due to its glossy leaves (nitidus is Latin for 'shining'), is a species in the plant genus Rosa in the plant family Rosaceae.	Rosa nitida	species
taxon rank	Siogamaia is a small genus of very small sea snails, pyramidellid gastropod mollusks or micromollusks.	Siogamaia	genus
taxon rank	Doliornis is a small genus of bird in the family Cotingidae.	Doliornis	genus
taxon rank	Quercus palmeri is a species of oak known by the common name Palmer oak, or Palmer's oak.	Quercus palmeri	species
taxon rank	Eunotosaurus is an extinct genus of reptile, possibly a close relative of turtles, from the late Middle Permian (Capitanian stage) Karoo Supergroup of South Africa.	Eunotosaurus	genus
taxon rank	Carmentina chrysosema is a species of sedge moths in the genus Carmentina.	Carmentina chrysosema	species
taxon rank	Litopterna (from Ancient Greek: λῑτή πτέρνα ``smooth heel'') is an extinct order of fossil hoofed mammals (ungulates) from the Cenozoic period that displayed toe reduction -- three-toed forms developed; there was even a one-toed horselike form.	Litopterna	order
taxon rank	Nyctophilus daedalus is a species of vesper bat native to northern Australia.	Nyctophilus daedalus	species
taxon rank	Trionyx messelianus is an extinct species of softshell turtle belonging to the family Trionychidae.	Trionyx messelianus	species
taxon rank	Myrmeciza is a perching bird genus in the family Thamnophilidae.	Myrmeciza	genus
taxon rank	Culmenella rezvoji is a species of air-breathing freshwater snail with sinistral shell, aquatic pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Planorbidae.	Culmenella rezvoji	species
taxon rank	Calystegia collina is a species of morning glory known by the common name coast range false bindweed.	Calystegia collina	species
taxon rank	Salvia guaranitica (Anise-scented sage, Hummingbird sage) is a species of Salvia native to a wide area of South America, including Brazil, Paraguay, Uruguay, and Argentina.	Salvia guaranitica	species
taxon rank	Cophylinae is a subfamily of microhylid frogs endemic to Madagascar.	Cophylinae	subfamily
taxon rank	Voacanga is a genus of plants in the Apocynaceae family found in Africa, Southeast Asia, New Guinea, and Australia.	Voacanga	genus
taxon rank	Pygmaeocereus is a genus of diminutive cacti (family Cactaceae).	Pygmaeocereus	genus
taxon rank	Saltopus (``hopping foot'') is a genus of very small bipedal dinosauriforms containing the single species S. elginensis from the late Triassic period of Scotland.	Saltopus	genus
taxon rank	Elvasia is a Neotropical genus of plant of family Ochnaceae.	Elvasia	genus
taxon rank	Prosolierius is an extinct genus of rove beetle which existed in what is now Lebanon, Myanmar and Spain during the Barremian through the Albian period.	Prosolierius	genus
taxon rank	Orius insidiosus, common name the insidious flower bug, is a species of minute pirate bug, a predatory insect in the order Hemiptera (the true bugs).	Orius insidiosus	species
taxon rank	Lithoxus surinamensis is a species of armored catfish endemic to Suriname where it is found in stony rivulets of the Gran Rio basin.	Lithoxus surinamensis	species
taxon rank	Leiosporoceros dussii is the only species in the hornwort genus Leiosporoceros.	Leiosporoceros	species
taxon rank	Mycobacterium africanum is a species of Mycobacterium that is most commonly found in West African countries.	Mycobacterium africanum	species
taxon rank	Trifolium campestre, commonly known as hop trefoil, field clover and low hop clover, is a species of clover native to Europe and western Asia, growing in most areas, but specifically thriving on dry, sandy grassland habitats, as well as in fields, woodland margins, roadsides, wastelands and cultivated land.	Trifolium campestre	species
taxon rank	Tristramella magdelainae is an extinct species of cichlid fish.	Tristramella magdelainae	species
taxon rank	Cepola is a genus of marine fish in the bandfish family Cepolidae.	Cepola	genus
taxon rank	Croton barahonensis is a species of plant of the genus Croton and the family of Euphorbiaceae, present in the Dominican Republic on the island of Hispaniola.	Croton barahonensis	species
taxon rank	Nebria picicornis is a species of ground beetle from Nebriinae subfamily that can be found in European countries such as Austria, Belgium, Czech Republic, France, Germany, Italy, Poland, Slovakia, Spain, Switzerland, and Ukraine.	Nebria picicornis	species
taxon rank	Oxycomanthus bennetti, common name Bennett's feather star, is a species of crinoids belonging to the family Comasteridae.	Oxycomanthus bennetti	species
taxon rank	Scomberomorus is a genus of ray-finned bony fish in the mackerel family, Scombridae.	Scomberomorus	genus
taxon rank	Basslerocerida is an order of nautiloid cephalopods from the Ordovician comprising exogastric longiconic cyrtocones, that is no longer in common use.	Basslerocerida	order
taxon rank	The genus Meketichoffatia (``no longer for Choffat''?) was named by Hahn G. in 1993 based on a single species.	Meketichoffatia	species
taxon rank	Agyneta saxatilis is a species of sheet weaver found in Europe and Russia.	Agyneta saxatilis	species
taxon rank	Polypogon interruptus, commonly known as ditch rabbitsfoot grass or ditch beard grass, is a species of grass.	Polypogon interruptus	species
taxon rank	Sarcophilus laniarius is an extinct species of large Tasmanian devil.	Sarcophilus laniarius	species
taxon rank	Unquillosaurus (meaning ``Unquillo river lizard'') is a genus of maniraptoran dinosaur from the late Cretaceous Period, discovered in Argentina.	Unquillosaurus	genus
taxon rank	Synthemiopsis gomphomacromioides, also known as the Tasmanian spotwing, is a species of dragonfly from southern and northwestern Tasmania, Australia.	Synthemiopsis	species
taxon rank	Nautichthys is a genus of sea ravens native to the Pacific Ocean.	Nautichthys	genus
taxon rank	Protomelas labridens is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Malawi where it prefers shallow, vegetated waters.	Protomelas labridens	species
taxon rank	The Shoe-lipped Dendrobium (Dendrobium crepidatum) is a species of orchid.	Dendrobium crepidatum	species
taxon rank	Semiplotus is a genus of cyprinid fishes found in south Asia.	Semiplotus	genus
taxon rank	Valdiviathyris is a genus of craniate brachiopods that has changed little since the Silurian, from when fossils are known.	Valdiviathyris	genus
taxon rank	Stenagra multipunctata is a moth in the Cossidae family, and the only species in the genus Stenagra.	Stenagra multipunctata	species
taxon rank	Erigeron foliosus, known by the common names leafy daisy and leafy fleabane, is a North American species of flowering plants in the daisy family.	Erigeron foliosus	species
taxon rank	The Henry's Cypripedium (Cypripedium henryi) is a species of orchid.	Cypripedium henryi	species
taxon rank	Mitrella dichroa is a species of small sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Columbellidae, the dove snails.	Mitrella dichroa	species
taxon rank	Alpheias bipunctalis is a species of snout moth in the genus Alpheias.	Alpheias bipunctalis	species
taxon rank	Brucepattersonius is a genus of rodents within the tribe Akodontini from southeastern South America.	Brucepattersonius	genus
taxon rank	Allocosa brasiliensis is a burrowing wolf spider species from southern South America.	Allocosa brasiliensis	species
taxon rank	Hydractiniidae is a cnidarian family of athecate hydroids.	Hydractiniidae	family
taxon rank	Gonatotrichus is a genus of millipedes in the order Siphonophorida, described in 1951 by Carl Attems.	Gonatotrichus	genus
taxon rank	Oedalechilus labiosus is a species of fish in the mullet fish	Oedalechilus labiosus	species
taxon rank	The American pika (Ochotona princeps), a diurnal species of pika, is found in the mountains of western North America, usually in boulder fields at or above the tree line.	American pika	species
taxon rank	Canavalia molokaiensis, commonly known as the Molokaʻi Jack-bean or puakauhi, is a rare species flowering plant in the legume family, Fabaceae, that is endemic to the island of Molokaʻi in Hawaii.	Canavalia molokaiensis	species
taxon rank	Allium fistulosum L. (Welsh onion, Japanese bunching onion, bunching onion) is a species of perennial onion.	Allium fistulosum	species
taxon rank	Ebrachosuchus is an extinct genus of basal phytosaur known from the Late Triassic (late Carnian stage) of Bavaria, southern Germany.	Ebrachosuchus	genus
taxon rank	Delphinium exaltatum is a species of flowering plant in the buttercup family known by the common name tall larkspur.	Delphinium exaltatum	species
taxon rank	Saga pedo is a species of bush cricket, spread throughout the European part of the Mediterranean, and Asia as far east as China.	Saga pedo	species
taxon rank	Vermicularia radicula, common name the northern wormsnail, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turritellidae.	Vermicularia radicula	species
taxon rank	Notodoris gardineri is a sea slug, a species of nudibranch, a shell-less marine gastropod mollusc in the family Aegiridae.	Notodoris gardineri	species
taxon rank	Synodontis ngouniensis is a species of upside-down catfish native to the Republic of the Congo and Gabon, where it occurs in the Ngounié and upper Nyanga river basins.	Synodontis ngouniensis	species
taxon rank	Hechtia glomerata, commonly known as guapilla, is a species of bromeliad that is native to southern Texas in the United States, Mexico, and Guatemala.	Hechtia glomerata	species
taxon rank	Eustichia is the only genus of moss in family Eustichiaceae.	Eustichia	genus
taxon rank	Crossarchus is a genus of mongoose, commonly referred to as kusimanse (often cusimanse), mangue, or dwarf mongoose.	Crossarchus	genus
taxon rank	Endybauna rapicara is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Endybauna.	Endybauna rapicara	species
taxon rank	Species There is only one known species, Karvandarina aphylla, native to Iran.	Karvandarina	species
taxon rank	Synthyris missurica is a species of flowering plant in the plantain family known by the common names tailed kittentails and mountain kittentails.	Synthyris missurica	species
taxon rank	Senecio brasiliensis or by its common name flor-das-almas, (flower-of-souls) a perennial species of Senecio genus and the family Asteraceae grows as a native in the fields and meadows of central South America.	Senecio brasiliensis	species
taxon rank	Romanzoffia sitchensis is a species of flowering plant in the borage family known by the common name Sitka mistmaiden.	Romanzoffia sitchensis	species
taxon rank	Cuyodynerus is a small andean genus of potter wasps.	Cuyodynerus	genus
taxon rank	Tetraodon duboisi is a species of pufferfish endemic to the Democratic Republic of the Congo where it is known only from Stanley Pool.	Tetraodon duboisi	species
taxon rank	Carissa is a genus of shrubs or small trees native to tropical and subtropical regions of Africa, Australia and Asia.	Carissa	genus
taxon rank	The sole species, Ixanthus viscosus, is endemic to Canary Islands laurel fields and displays small yellow flowers when in bloom.	Ixanthus	species
taxon rank	The species is named in honor of Ms. Jessie Hill of Hawaii and Philadelphia, and great-great-granddaughter of Ms. Jessie Barron, and in emphatic recognition of Jessie Hill's contribution to saving and inventorying the conserved ACG rain forest in which reside Dunama jessiehillae and four other new species of Dunama.	Dunama jessiehillae	species
taxon rank	Pleiospilos nelii (split rock or splitrock) is a species of flowering plant in the family Aizoaceae, native to the Cape of South Africa.	Pleiospilos nelii	species
taxon rank	Indirana semipalmata is a species of frog endemic to the Western Ghats region of southern India.	Indirana semipalmata	species
taxon rank	Gromia is a widespread genus of marine and freshwater amoeboids, closely resembling some foraminiferans.	Gromia	genus
taxon rank	Carex monostachya is a species of sedge native to the mountains of East Africa.	Carex monostachya	species
taxon rank	Puccinellia lemmonii is a species of grass known by the common name Lemmon's alkaligrass.	Puccinellia lemmonii	species
taxon rank	Hedgpethia is a genus of sea spider, in the family Colossendeidae.	Hedgpethia	genus
taxon rank	Pareutropius longifilis is a species of fish in the Schilbeidae family.	Pareutropius longifilis	species
taxon rank	Calathea lancifolia (rattlesnake plant) is a species of flowering plant in the Marantaceae family, native to Brazil.	Calathea lancifolia	species
taxon rank	Auriscalpium barbatum is a species of spine fungus in the family Auriscalpiaceae of the Russulales order.	Auriscalpium barbatum	species
taxon rank	Meyrickiella homosema is a species of snout moth in the genus Meyrickiella.	Meyrickiella homosema	species
taxon rank	Conus distans, common name the distant cone, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.	Conus distans	species
taxon rank	Hypsiglena unaocularis, commonly known as the Clarion nightsnake, is a species of small colubrid snake endemic to Clarion Island, initially described from a single specimen collected by William Beebe in 1936.	Hypsiglena unaocularis	species
taxon rank	Cirsium muticum (also known as swamp thistle, marsh thistle, dunce-nettle, and horsetops) is a North American species of plants in the sunflower family, native to central and eastern Canada and the central and eastern United States.	Cirsium muticum	species
taxon rank	Agapanthia hirsuticornis is a species of longhorn beetle in the Lamiinae subfamily that can be found only in Iran.	Agapanthia hirsuticornis	species
taxon rank	Arcangeliella crassa is a North American secotioid fungus species in the family Russulaceae.	Arcangeliella crassa	species
taxon rank	Formerly, L'Hoest's monkey included the taxon preussi from the Gulf of Guinea region as a subspecies, but it is now considered a separate species, Preuss's monkey (C. preussi).	L'Hoest's monkey	species
taxon rank	Glyptothorax cavia is a species of catfish that was first described by Hamilton 1822.	Glyptothorax cavia	species
taxon rank	Halocoryza whiteheadiana is a species of brown coloured ground beetle in the subfamily Scaritinae which is endemic to Baja California Sur, Mexico.	Halocoryza whiteheadiana	species
taxon rank	It is the only member of the Medusagyne genus of the Ochnaceae family of tropical trees and shrubs.	Medusagyne	genus
taxon rank	Scotinotylus bodenburgi is a species of sheet weaver found in Alaska.	Scotinotylus bodenburgi	species
taxon rank	Arthuria canariensis, commonly known as the yellow calcareous sponge, is a species of sponge in the family Clathrinidae.	Arthuria canariensis	species
taxon rank	Homunculus patagonicus is an extinct species of New World monkey that lived in Argentina during the Miocene.	Homunculus patagonicus	species
taxon rank	Conus milneedwardsi, known to collectors as the ``Glory of India'', is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.	Conus milneedwardsi	species
taxon rank	Spinarerpeton is an extinct genus of discosauriscid seymouriamorph known from the early Permian of Boskovice Furrow, in the Czech Republic.	Spinarerpeton	genus
taxon rank	Dendronotus venustus is a species of sea slug, a dendronotid nudibranch, a shell-less marine gastropod mollusc in the family Dendronotidae.	Dendronotus venustus	species
taxon rank	Vochysia is a genus of plant in the family Vochysiaceae.	Vochysia	genus
taxon rank	Hesperophanes pubescens is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Hesperophanes.	Hesperophanes	genus
taxon rank	Xanthichthys is a genus of triggerfishes native to reef environments from the western Atlantic Ocean through the Indian Ocean to the western Pacific Ocean.	Xanthichthys	genus
taxon rank	Musa viridis is a species of wild banana (genus Musa), native to northern Vietnam.	Musa viridis	species
taxon rank	Culcita schmideliana, commonly known as the spiny cushion star, is a species of pin-cushion star.	Culcita schmideliana	species
taxon rank	The Tenebrionoidea are a very large and diverse superfamily of beetles.	Tenebrionoidea	superfamily
taxon rank	The Hyalogyrinidae is a taxonomic family of sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the informal group Lower Heterobranchia.	Hyalogyrinidae	family
taxon rank	Dorstenia mannii is a plant species in the genus Dorstenia.	Dorstenia mannii	species
taxon rank	Berberis hayatana is a species of flowering plant in the family Berberidaceae, first described in 1952 the renamed in 1954.	Berberis hayatana	species
taxon rank	Agonum cupripenne is a species of ground beetle from Platyninae family that can be found in the United States and Canada.	Agonum cupripenne	species
taxon rank	Imaclava unimaculata, common name the brown-spot turrid, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Drilliidae.	Imaclava unimaculata	species
taxon rank	Hierodula grandis, common name giant Asian mantis, is a species of praying mantis native to the region around the Bay of Bengal in southern Asia.	Hierodula grandis	species
taxon rank	Galeommatidae is a family of small and very small saltwater clams, marine bivalve molluscs in the order Veneroida.	Galeommatidae	family
taxon rank	Pygopidae is an extinct family of Brachiopods.	Pygopidae	family
taxon rank	Quercus cornelius-mulleri is a North American species of oak known by the common name Muller oak, or Muller's oak.	Quercus cornelius-mulleri	species
taxon rank	Ichthyococcus are a genus of lightfishes.	Ichthyococcus	genus
taxon rank	Palaeoctonus is a genus of archosaur (possibly phytosaur) known only from isolated teeth.	Palaeoctonus	genus
taxon rank	Muhlenbergia richardsonis, known by the common name Mat muhly, is a species of grass.	Muhlenbergia richardsonis	species
taxon rank	Ichthyaetus is a genus of gulls.	Ichthyaetus	genus
taxon rank	The Platypezoidea are a superfamily of true flies of the section Aschiza.	Platypezoidea	superfamily
taxon rank	Lipogramma is a genus of basslets native to tropical and subtropical reefs of the western Atlantic Ocean.	Lipogramma	genus
taxon rank	The Ivory-colored Cymbidium (Cymbidium eburneum) is a species of orchid.	Cymbidium eburneum	species
taxon rank	Ctenaspis is an extinct genus of heterostracan cyathaspid agnathans from the early Devonian of Canada.	Ctenaspis	genus
taxon rank	Sepia sewelli is a species of cuttlefish native to the western Indian Ocean, from Cape Guardafui, Somalia (11°57′N 50°35′E to 05°40′S 39°17′E) to Zanzibar and probably Madagascar.	Sepia sewelli	species
taxon rank	Leopoldius signatus is a species of fly from the genus Leopoldius in the family Conopidae.	Leopoldius signatus	species
taxon rank	Ulva bifrons is a species of blackish-green coloured seaweed in Ulvaceae family that can be found in Sezimbra, Portugal, in France and Spain, and Balearic islands.	Ulva bifrons	species
taxon rank	Contrary to its genus name, Tetraceratops actually has six horns, one pair being on the premaxilla bones, one pair on the prefrontal bones, and one pair on the angular processes of the mandible.	Tetraceratops	genus
taxon rank	Trollius laxus is a flowering plant species in the Ranunculaceae (buttercup) family.	Trollius laxus	species
taxon rank	Triplophysa hsutschouensis is a species of stone loach endemic to the Ruo Shui river system in Gansu, China.	Triplophysa hsutschouensis	species
taxon rank	Ceratosphaeria is a genus of fungi in the Sordariomycetes class (subclass Sordariomycetidae) of the Ascomycota.	Ceratosphaeria	genus
taxon rank	Andamia heteroptera is a species of combtooth blenny found in the eastern Indian Ocean, around Christmas Island.	Andamia heteroptera	species
taxon rank	Eutropis allapallensis is a species of skink found in India.	Eutropis allapallensis	species
taxon rank	Cyathea cincinnata is a species of tree fern native to eastern New Guinea, where it grows at an altitude of 1300 m or higher.	Cyathea cincinnata	species
taxon rank	Neotragus is a genus of dwarf antelope comprising three species, native to Africa.	Neotragus	genus
taxon rank	Monosporascus cannonballus is a species of fungus in the Sordariales.	Monosporascus cannonballus	species
taxon rank	Nemophila pulchella, known by the common name Eastwood's baby blue-eyes, is a species of flowering plant in the borage family.	Nemophila pulchella	species
taxon rank	Solidago spathulata, the coast goldenrod or dune goldenrod, is a North American species of goldenrod in the sunflower family.	Solidago spathulata	species
taxon rank	Emporia melanobasis is a species of snout moth in the genus Emporia.	Emporia melanobasis	species
taxon rank	Confusingly, when the colocolo includes the Pampas cat and Pantanal cat as subspecies, the ``combined'' species is sometimes referred to as the Pampas cat.	Pampas cat	species
taxon rank	Ptychodontidae is a family of extinct hybodontiform sharks which lived from the Cretaceous to the Paleogene.	Ptychodontidae	family
taxon rank	Rhabdopelix (meaning ``rod pelvis'') is a genus of possible kuehneosaurid reptile, from the Late Triassic-age Lockatong Formation of Pennsylvania, USA.	Rhabdopelix	genus
taxon rank	Aspistor luniscutis is a species of sea catfish found along the coasts of French Guiana and Brazil.	Aspistor luniscutis	species
taxon rank	Gloeoporus dichrous is a species of fungus in the family Meripilaceae.	Gloeoporus dichrous	species
taxon rank	Harmonia stebbinsii (syn. Madia stebbinsii) is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name Stebbins' tarweed, or Stebbins' madia.	Harmonia stebbinsii	species
taxon rank	Puccinia hordei is a species of rust fungus.	Puccinia hordei	species
taxon rank	Pseudohemiodon laminus is a species of armored catfish endemic to Peru where it is found in the upper Amazon basin.	Pseudohemiodon laminus	species
taxon rank	Austrocossus minutus is a moth in the Cossidae family, and the only species in the genus Austrocossus.	Austrocossus minutus	species
taxon rank	Carabus alysidotus is a species of ground beetle from Carabidae family that can be found in France and Italy.	Carabus alysidotus	species
taxon rank	Trichoptilium is a monotypic genus containing the single species Trichoptilium incisum, which is known by the common names yellowdome and yellowhead.	Trichoptilium	species
taxon rank	Camitocomus nodosus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Camitocomus.	Camitocomus nodosus	species
taxon rank	Nothocalais is a genus of North American flowering plants in the dandelion tribe within the sunflower family.	Nothocalais	genus
taxon rank	Eurema is a widespread genus of grass yellow butterflies in the family Pieridae.	Eurema	genus
taxon rank	Acanthemblemaria mangognatha, the Revillagigedo barnacle blenny or the Revillagigedo barnacle in Mexico, is a species of chaenopsid blenny endemic to the Revillagigedo Islands of Mexico, in the eastern central Pacific ocean.	Acanthemblemaria mangognatha	species
taxon rank	Stratiomys chamaeleon, the clubbed general, is a European species of soldier fly.	Stratiomys chamaeleon	species
taxon rank	Malacoctenus hubbsi, the Redside blenny, is a species of labrisomid blenny native to the Gulf of California extending to the Pacific coast of southern Baja California.	Malacoctenus hubbsi	species
taxon rank	Pluteus is a large genus of fungi with over 300 species.	Pluteus	genus
taxon rank	Aphonopelma steindachneri is a species of spider in the family Theraphosidae, found in United States (California) and Mexico (Baja California).	Aphonopelma steindachneri	species
taxon rank	Ugni candollei is a species of shrub, 80 cm in height, with white, 5-petal flowers, endemic to Chile.	Ugni candollei	species
taxon rank	African giant squirrels (genus Protoxerus) form a taxon of squirrels under the subfamily Xerinae.	African giant squirrel	genus
taxon rank	Sankuchemys is an extinct genus of side-necked turtle which existed in India during the late Cretaceous period.	Sankuchemys	genus
taxon rank	Maxillaria, abbreviated as Max in the horticultural trade, is a large genus of orchids (family Orchidaceae).	Maxillaria	genus
taxon rank	Hypnodontopsis apiculata is a species of moss in the Rhachitheciaceae family.	Hypnodontopsis apiculata	species
taxon rank	Margarites bairdii, common name Baird's margarite, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Margaritidae.	Margarites bairdii	species
taxon rank	Penicillium mononematosum is an anamorph species of the genus of Penicillium which produces viriditoxin.	Penicillium mononematosum	species
taxon rank	Anomphalus jaggerius is an extinct species of Permian sea snail.	Anomphalus jaggerius	species
taxon rank	Baccharis dioica is a North American species of shrubs in the aster family known by the common name Broombush falsewillow.	Baccharis dioica	species
taxon rank	Agapeta zoegana is a species of moth known as the sulphur knapweed moth and the yellow-winged knapweed root moth.	Agapeta zoegana	species
taxon rank	Carex hassei is a species of sedge known by the common name salt sedge.	Carex hassei	species
taxon rank	Pleuricospora is a monotypic genus of flowering plants in the heath family containing the single species Pleuricospora fimbriolata, which is known by the common name fringed pinesap.	Pleuricospora	species
taxon rank	Paraplasmodium is a subgenus of the genus Plasmodium - all of which are parasitic protozoa.	Paraplasmodium	genus
taxon rank	Pandanus montanus is a species of monocots in the genus Pandanus, endemic to Réunion in wet forest and swamp at an elevation of 400-1700 meters.	Pandanus montanus	species
taxon rank	Atriplex paludosa, commonly known as Marsh Saltbush, is a species of saltbush endemic to Australia.	Atriplex paludosa	species
taxon rank	This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Ascitendus austriacus.	Ascitendus	species
taxon rank	Diplogastridae, formerly Diplogasteridae, are a family of nematodes (roundworms) known from a wide range of habitats, often in commensal or parasitic associations with insects.	Diplogasteridae	family
taxon rank	Angraecum doratophyllum is a species of comet orchid that is endemic to São Tomé and Príncipe.	Angraecum doratophyllum	species
taxon rank	The Heptageniidae (synonym: Ecdyonuridae) are a family of mayflies with over 500 described species mainly distributed in the Holarctic, Oriental, and Afrotropical regions, and also present in the Central American Tropics and extreme northern South America.	Heptageniidae	family
taxon rank	Agaricus abruptibulbus is a species of mushroom in the genus Agaricus.	Agaricus abruptibulbus	species
taxon rank	Phylloxeridae is family of Hemipterans closely related to aphids.	Phylloxeridae	family
taxon rank	Callionymus amboina, the Ambon darter dragonet, is a species of dragonet native to the Pacific waters around Indonesia where it occurs at depths of from 8 to 50 metres (26 to 164 ft).	Callionymus amboina	species
taxon rank	Malacoctenus zonifer, the Glossy blenny, is a species of labrisomid blenny native to the Pacific coast of Mexico from the south of the Gulf of California to Oaxaca.	Malacoctenus zonifer	species
taxon rank	Chaerophyllopsis huai is a species of flowering plant in the Apiaceae, the only member of the genus Chaerophyllopsis.	Chaerophyllopsis	genus
taxon rank	Agoseris aurantiaca is a species of plants in the sunflower family, commonly called orange agoseris or mountain dandelion.	Agoseris aurantiaca	species
taxon rank	Dimidiochromis strigatus is a species of freshwater fish in the Cichlidae family.	Dimidiochromis strigatus	species
taxon rank	Phasianotrochus apicinus, common name the pointed kelp shell, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Trochidae, the top snails.	Phasianotrochus apicinus	species
taxon rank	Campichoeta are a genus of flies, and are in the family Diastatidae.	Campichoeta	genus
taxon rank	Nebria cordicollis is a species of black coloured ground beetle from Nebriinae subfamily that can be found in Italy and Switzerland.	Nebria cordicollis	species
taxon rank	Parabuthus mossambicensis is a species of highly venomous scorpion found in southern Africa.	Parabuthus mossambicensis	species
taxon rank	Peribalus is a genus of shield bugs in the family Pentatomidae.	Peribalus	genus
taxon rank	Ceylanoparmena loebli is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Ceylanoparmena.	Ceylanoparmena loebli	species
taxon rank	The superfamily Chrysidoidea is a very large cosmopolitan group (some 6,000 described species, and many more undescribed), including many parasitoid or cleptoparasitic wasps.	Chrysidoidea	superfamily
taxon rank	Gorgonia ventalina, the purple sea fan, is a species of sea fan, an octocoral in the family Anthothelidae.	Gorgonia ventalina	species
taxon rank	Coilia, the Grenadier anchovies, is a genus of anchovies.	Coilia	genus
taxon rank	Penicillium elleniae is a species of the genus of Penicillium which was isolated from the Colombian Amazon forest.	Penicillium elleniae	species
taxon rank	Cordylanthus pilosus is a species of flowering plant in the broomrape family known by the common name hairy bird's beak.	Cordylanthus pilosus	species
taxon rank	The Schizophora are a section of true flies containing 78 families, which are collectively referred to as muscoids, although technically the term ``muscoid'' should be limited to flies in the superfamily Muscoidea; this is an example of informal, historical usage persisting in the vernacular.	Schizophora	section
taxon rank	Eugenia victoriana has the largest fruit of all known Eugenia species.	Eugenia victoriana	species
taxon rank	Croilia mossambica, the burrowing goby or naked goby, is a species of goby native fresh, brackish and marine waters of Mozambique, South Africa and Madagascar.	Croilia mossambica	species
taxon rank	Mendosoma lineatum, the telescope fish, is a species of trumpeter native to the subantarctic and cooler temperate waters of the Southern Ocean.	Mendosoma	species
taxon rank	Misumenops is a common genus of crab spider with more than 100 described species.	Misumenops	genus
taxon rank	Apiospora is a genus of fungi in the family Apiosporaceae.	Apiospora	genus
taxon rank	Chaenogaleus affinis is an extinct species of weasel shark which existed during the Miocene period.	Chaenogaleus affinis	species
taxon rank	Canavalia pubescens, commonly known as ʻĀwikiwiki or Lavafield Jack-bean, is a species of flowering plant in the legume family, Fabaceae, that is endemic to Hawaii.	Canavalia pubescens	species
taxon rank	Packera streptanthifolia is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name Rocky Mountain groundsel.	Packera streptanthifolia	species
taxon rank	Xenocalamus mechowii, or the elongate quill-snouted snake, is a species of venomous rear-fanged snake in the family Atractaspididae.	Xenocalamus mechowii	species
taxon rank	Eugnosta bimaculana, the narrow-patch carolella moth or two-spotted carolella, is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family.	Eugnosta bimaculana	species
taxon rank	Viola bertolonii is a species of violet known by the common name Bertoloni's pansy, belonging to the Violaceae family.	Viola bertolonii	species
taxon rank	Diaprepes abbreviatus is a species of weevil that is native to the Caribbean, where in Spanish it is colloquially called chichí.	Diaprepes abbreviatus	species
taxon rank	Geranium niveum is a plant species in the genus Geranium.	Geranium niveum	species
taxon rank	Repetobasidiaceae is a phylogenetically defined family encompassing resupinate, poroid, stereoid, clavarioid, and agaricoid fungi, among other forms.	Repetobasidiaceae	family
taxon rank	Bletia purpurea, common name Pine-pink or sharp-petaled bletia, is a species of orchid widespread across much of Latin America and the West Indies, and also found in Florida.	Bletia purpurea	species
taxon rank	Antarctobacter heliothermus is a Gram-negative, aerobic, pointed and budding bacteria, the type species of its genus.	Antarctobacter heliothermus	species
taxon rank	Capoeta damascina, the Levantine scraper, is a species of cyprinid fish from the Near East region.	Capoeta damascina	species
taxon rank	The Arthromygalidae are an extinct family of primitive spiders that bore some resemblance to the tarantulas, at its peak in the Carboniferous, some 280 million years ago.	Arthromygalidae	family
taxon rank	Calosphaeria is a genus of fungi in the family Calosphaeriaceae.	Calosphaeria	genus
taxon rank	Pyrrocoma uniflora is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name plantain goldenweed.	Pyrrocoma uniflora	species
taxon rank	Rubus pittieri is an uncommon Central American species of brambles in the rose family.	Rubus pittieri	species
taxon rank	Eleutherodactylus is a genus of frogs in the Eleutherodactylidae family.	Eleutherodactylus	genus
taxon rank	A monotypic genus, it contains the single species Phaeotomasellia ruwenzorensis.	Phaeotomasellia	species
taxon rank	Liometopum rhenana is an extinct species of Oligocene ant in the genus Liometopum.	Liometopum rhenana	species
taxon rank	Conus orion, common name the Orion cone, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.	Conus orion	species
taxon rank	Potamomya is an extinct genus of bivalve mollusk from the late Eocene of Europe.	Potamomya	genus
taxon rank	Phacelia egena is a species of phacelia known by the common name Kaweah River phacelia.	Phacelia egena	species
taxon rank	Paulasquama callis is a species of suckermouth armored catfish known only from Guyana where it was collected from the Waruma River which flows into the Mazaruni River.	Paulasquama callis	species
taxon rank	Teucrium cubense is a species of flowering plant in the mint family known by the common names small coastal germander and dwarf germander.	Teucrium cubense	species
taxon rank	Casmaria ponderosa, common name the heavy bonnet, is a species of large sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cassidae, the helmet snails and bonnet snails.	Casmaria ponderosa	species
taxon rank	Pediocactus (Greek: πεδίον (pedion) means ``plain'', ``flat'', ``field'') is a genus of cacti.	Pediocactus	genus
taxon rank	The leaping bonito (Cybiosarda elegans) is a species of saltwater finfish from the Scombridae (Mackerel) family.	Cybiosarda elegans	species
taxon rank	Coelichneumon cyaniventris is a species of the wasps belonging to the family Ichneumonidae.	Coelichneumon cyaniventris	species
taxon rank	Brenneria is a genus of Enterobacteria, containing mostly pathogens of woody plants.	Brenneria	genus
taxon rank	Astragalus coelestis, the celestial milkvetch, is a species of milkvetch that is endemic to Armenia, and is known from Mount Bug-Dag in the Sevan area.	Astragalus coelestis	species
taxon rank	Symphoricarpos palmeri, Palmer's snowberry, is a North American species of plants in the Honeysuckle Family.	Symphoricarpos palmeri	species
taxon rank	Murex trapa, common name the rare-spined murex, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc of the family Muricidae, the rock snails.	Murex trapa	species
taxon rank	Pamelina is an extinct genus of basal kuehneosaurid known from Early Triassic (Olenekian age) rocks of Czatkowice 1, Poland.	Pamelina	genus
taxon rank	Drosera huegelii, the bold sundew, is an erect perennial tuberous species in the carnivorous plant genus Drosera that is endemic to Western Australia.	Drosera huegelii	species
taxon rank	Taiwan Catkin Yew, Amentotaxus formosana, is a species of conifer in the Taxaceae family.	Amentotaxus formosana	species
taxon rank	The Manyas sprilin is a species of minnow that is endemic to the Simav River drainage of Lake Kuş, also known as Lake Manyas, in Turkey.	Manyas sprilin	species
taxon rank	Cephaloflexa is a genus of land planarians from Brazil.	Cephaloflexa	genus
taxon rank	Personales was an order of dicotyledons in the Hutchinson system.	Personales	order
taxon rank	Lesbra graueri is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Lesbra.	Lesbra graueri	species
taxon rank	Pisidium milium is a species of very small freshwater bivalve in the family Sphaeriidae, the fingernail clams and pea clams.	Pisidium milium	species
taxon rank	Thermales is an order of bacteria belonging to the Deinococcus--	Thermales	order
taxon rank	Falsacalolepta granulipennis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Falsacalolepta.	Falsacalolepta granulipennis	species
taxon rank	Oedipina paucidentata (common name: El Empalme worm salamander) is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae.	Oedipina paucidentata	species
taxon rank	Philonome clemensella is a species of moth of the Tineidae family found in North America.	Philonome clemensella	species
taxon rank	The Stripe-headed Threadtail, (Prodasineura sita) is a species of damselfly in the family Protoneuridae.	Prodasineura sita	species
taxon rank	Michaelshaffera beckeri is a species of snout moth in the genus Michaelshaffera.	Michaelshaffera beckeri	species
taxon rank	The Wekiwa hydrobe or Wekiwa springs aphaostracon, scientific name Aphaostracon monas, is a species of small freshwater snail, and aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Cochliopidae.	Aphaostracon monas	species
taxon rank	Meiacanthus vittatus, the One-striped fangblenny, is a species of combtooth blenny found in coral reefs in the western Pacific ocean.	Meiacanthus vittatus	species
taxon rank	Astragalus johannis-howellii is a species of milkvetch known by the common name Long Valley milkvetch.	Astragalus johannis-howellii	species
taxon rank	Matthiola maderensis is a flowering plant species in the Brassicaceae family, native and endemic to the Madeira Islands.	Matthiola maderensis	species
taxon rank	Penicillium sclerotigenum is a species of fungus in the family Trichocomaceae.	Penicillium sclerotigenum	species
taxon rank	Archips cerasivorana, the ugly-nest caterpillar moth, is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family.The caterpillars of this species are known to create nests by tying the leaves of their host plant together.	Archips cerasivorana	species
taxon rank	The Gelidiaceae is a small family of red algae containing seven genera.	Gelidiaceae	family
taxon rank	Parantennaria is a genus of Australian plants in the pussy's-toes tribe within the sunflower family.	Parantennaria	genus
taxon rank	Ceratina cyanea, common name blue carpenter bee, is a species of bee belonging to the family Apidae.	Ceratina cyanea	species
taxon rank	Polygyra septemvolva is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial gastropod mollusk in the family Polygyridae.	Polygyra septemvolva	species
taxon rank	Kerguelenella lateralis is a species of air-breathing sea snail or false limpet, a marine pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Siphonariidae, the false limpets.	Kerguelenella lateralis	species
taxon rank	Longitarsus allotrophus is a species of beetle from the Chrysomelidae family that is endemic to Israel.	Longitarsus allotrophus	species
taxon rank	Jocara trabalis is a species of snout moth in the genus Jocara.	Jocara trabalis	species
taxon rank	Polycyathus muellerae is a small species of coral in the family Caryophylliidae in the order Scleractinia, the stony corals.	Polycyathus muellerae	species
taxon rank	Banksia densa var. parva is a variety of Banksia densa.	Banksia densa var. parva	variety
taxon rank	Petrorhagia nanteuilii is a species of flowering plant in the carnation family, Caryophyllaceae.	Petrorhagia nanteuilii	species
taxon rank	Shepherdia argentea, commonly called silver buffaloberry, bull berry, or thorny buffaloberry, is a species of Shepherdia in the Russian olive family.	Shepherdia argentea	species
taxon rank	Rothschild's porcupine, Coendou rothschildi, is a species of rodent in the family Erethizontidae.	Rothschild's porcupine	species
taxon rank	Paradiplospinus is a genus of snake mackerels native to the southern oceans.	Paradiplospinus	genus
taxon rank	Homoranthus homoranthoides is a small shrub species in the myrtle family, Myrtaceae, endemic to Australia.	Homoranthus homoranthoides	species
taxon rank	The Ctenoluciidae (meaning ``comb light family''), also known as pike-characins, are a small family of freshwater fishes from Panama and South America.	Ctenoluciidae	family
taxon rank	Bigelowiella natans is a species of Chlorarachniophyte alga that is a model organism for the Rhizaria.	Bigelowiella natans	species
taxon rank	Pleurocoronis is a genus of North American shrubs or subshrubs native to the southwestern United States and northwestern Mexico.	Pleurocoronis	genus
taxon rank	Eupolymnia crasscornis is a tropical species of annelid, a spaghetti worm.	Eupolymnia crasscornis	species
taxon rank	Cryptofusus is a monospecific genus of large sea snails with a gill and an operculum, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Turbinellidae.	Cryptofusus	genus
taxon rank	Erigeron sivinskii is a North American species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common name Sivinski's fleabane..	Erigeron sivinskii	species
taxon rank	Lamprocystis hornbosteli is a species of small air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Euconulidae, the hive snails.	Lamprocystis hornbosteli	species
taxon rank	Cyathea semiamplectens is a species of tree fern in north-eastern New Guinea at 3300 to 3590 metres.	Cyathea semiamplectens	species
taxon rank	Hydroptila is a very large genus of microcaddisflies with a worldwide distribution.	Hydroptila	genus
taxon rank	The Asiloidea comprise a very large superfamily insects in the order Diptera, the true flies.	Asiloidea	superfamily
taxon rank	Platygyra lamellina, the hard brain coral, is a species of colonial stony coral in the family Merulinidae.	Platygyra lamellina	species
taxon rank	Cynorkis gibbosa is an orchid species in the genus Cynorkis, endemic to forest edges and shaded rocks at altitudes of 600-1500 meters in Madagascar.	Cynorkis gibbosa	species
taxon rank	Gouania meyenii is a rare species of flowering plant known by the common name smoothfruit chewstick.	Gouania meyenii	species
taxon rank	Gillellus jacksoni is a species of sand stargazer native to the Antilles where it can be found at depths of from 0 to 17 metres (0 to 56 ft).	Gillellus jacksoni	species
taxon rank	Rhynchospiza is a genus of American sparrows.	Rhynchospiza	genus
taxon rank	Anophthalmus is a genus of ground beetle endemic to Europe.	Anophthalmus	genus
taxon rank	Eleocharis bolanderi is a species of spikesedge known by the common name Bolander's spikerush.	Eleocharis bolanderi	species
taxon rank	Lalmohania velutina is a species of filefish known only from the Gulf of Mannar in India.	Lalmohania velutina	species
taxon rank	Ageratina riparia, commonly known as Mistflower or Creeping Croftonweed, is a species of flowering plant in the aster family, native to Mexico, Cuba and Jamaica.	Ageratina riparia	species
taxon rank	Tunita is an extinct genus of prehistoric mackerel that lived during the Upper Miocene subepoch of Southern California.	Tunita	genus
taxon rank	Penicillium megasporum is an anamorph species of the genus of Penicillium which produces megasporizine, phyllostine, asperphenamate and physcion.	Penicillium megasporum	species
taxon rank	Canistropsis billbergioides is a species in the genus Canistropsis.	Canistropsis billbergioides	genus
taxon rank	Russula obscura is a species of fungus in the genus Russula.	Russula obscura	species
taxon rank	Agaricus silvicola, also known as the wood mushroom, is a species of Agaricus mushroom related to the button mushroom.	Agaricus silvicola	species
taxon rank	Carabus italicus rostagnoi is a black coloured subspecies of ground beetle in the Carabinae subfamily, that is endemic to Central Italy.	Carabus italicus rostagnoi	subspecies
taxon rank	Pseudophilautus stellatus, commonly known as Kelaart's starry shrub frog, is a frog species in the Rhacophoridae family which is endemic to Sri Lanka.	Pseudophilautus stellatus	species
taxon rank	Paracentropogon longispinis, common name wispy waspfish or sailfin washfish, is a small fish species that belongs to the scorpionfishes family (Scorpaenidae).	Paracentropogon longispinis	species
taxon rank	Quercus peninsularis, common name peninsular oak, is a species of oak endemic to Baja California, Mexico.	Quercus peninsularis	species
taxon rank	Donacia semicuprea is a species of leaf beetles of the subfamily of Donaciinae.	Donacia semicuprea	species
taxon rank	Archips rileyanus, the southern ugly-nest caterpillar moth, is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family.	Archips rileyanus	species
taxon rank	The Pavoraja arenaria (common name: sandy skate, yellow skate) is a species of fish in Rajidae family.	Pavoraja arenaria	species
taxon rank	Renauldia lycopodioides is a species of moss in the family Pterobryaceae.	Renauldia lycopodioides	species
taxon rank	Papilio erithonioides is a species of swallowtail butterfly from the genus Papilio that is found in Madagascar.	Papilio erithonioides	species
taxon rank	Psychomastatix deserticola is a species of grasshopper in the family Eumastacidae.	Psychomastatix deserticola	species
taxon rank	Lasioglossum gotham, commonly known as the Gotham bee, is an extant species of sweat bee native to Eastern and Midwestern United States.	Lasioglossum gotham	species
taxon rank	Swiftia rosea is a species of gorgonian-type octocoral in the family Plexauridae.	Swiftia rosea	species
taxon rank	Streptomyces durhamensis is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which has been isolated from soil from a tomato plant.	Streptomyces durhamensis	species
taxon rank	Cathetosaurus is a dinosaur sauropod genus that contains one species:	Cathetosaurus	genus
taxon rank	Linanthus orcuttii is an uncommon species of flowering plant in the phlox family known by the common name Orcutt's linanthus.	Linanthus orcuttii	species
taxon rank	Astralium pileolum, common name the cap trochis shell, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turbinidae, the turban snails.	Astralium pileolum	species
taxon rank	Nambaroo is an extinct genus of macropod marsupial from the late Oligocene some 25 million years ago of Australia.	Nambaroo	genus
taxon rank	Erigeron elegantulus is a North American species of flowering plants in the daisy family known by the common names blue dwarf fleabane and volcanic daisy.	Erigeron elegantulus	species
taxon rank	Cottocomephoridae, or the bighead sculpins or Baikal sculpins, are a family of scorpaeniform fishes mostly endemic to Russia (one species ranges into Mongolia) where they are mostly found in Lake Baikal and surrounding lakes and rivers.	Cottocomephoridae	family
taxon rank	Manonichthys splendens, common name Splendid Dottyback, is a species of marine fish in the family Pseudochromidae, the dottybacks.	Manonichthys splendens	species
taxon rank	Gorgasia preclara, commonly called splendid garden eel or orange-barred garden eel, is a species of marine garden eel.	Gorgasia preclara	species
taxon rank	Warczewiczella amazonica is a species of orchid native to Colombia, Ecuador, Peru, and Brazil.	Warczewiczella amazonica	species
taxon rank	Eimeria acervulina is a species of Eimeria that causes coccidiosis in older poultry.	Eimeria acervulina	species
taxon rank	Megacephala foucarti is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae that was described by Naviaux and Richoux in 2006.	Megacephala foucarti	species
taxon rank	Coelodontognathus is an extinct genus of reptile from the Early Triassic of European Russia.	Coelodontognathus	genus
taxon rank	Zelus araneiformis is a species of true bug (harpactorinae) found in French Guyana.	Zelus araneiformis	species
taxon rank	Agyneta dentifera is a species of sheet weaver found in Angola and Nigeria.	Agyneta dentifera	species
taxon rank	Lampropeltis pyromelana, the Arizona mountain kingsnake, is a species of snake native to Arizona.	Lampropeltis pyromelana	species
taxon rank	Lasioglossum carinifrons, also known as the Lasioglossum (Evylaeus) carinifrons, is a species of bees in the genus Lasioglossum, of the family Halictidae.	Lasioglossum carinifrons	species
taxon rank	Plesiosaurus (Greek: πλησιος/plesios, near to + σαυρος/sauros, lizard) is a genus of extinct, large marine sauropterygian reptile that lived during the early part of the Jurassic Period, and is known by nearly complete skeletons from the Lias of England.	Plesiosaurus	genus
taxon rank	Tulipa gesneriana, the Didier's tulip or garden tulip, is a species of plants in the lily family, cultivated as an ornamental in many countries because of its large, showy flowers.	Tulipa gesneriana	species
taxon rank	Pisidium subtruncatum is a species of pill clam, a minute freshwater bivalve in the family Sphaeriidae.	Pisidium subtruncatum	species
taxon rank	Metaltella simoni is a species of spider, native to South America (Brazil, Uruguay and Argentina), and introduced into the United States and Canada.	Metaltella simoni	species
taxon rank	It was described by Reed in 1931, and the type species is Encrinuroides sexcostata, which was originally described under the genus Cybele by Salter in 1848.	Encrinuroides	genus
taxon rank	Bellastraea squamifera, the scaly star shell, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turbinidae, the turban snails.	Bellastraea squamifera	species
taxon rank	Alicia rhadina is a sea anemone species in the genus Alicia which can be found in Southern Ocean.	Alicia rhadina	species
taxon rank	Paradrymonia lacera is a species of plant in the Gesneriaceae family endemic to Ecuador.	Paradrymonia lacera	species
taxon rank	Seleniolycus is a genus of eelpouts containing just three species:	Seleniolycus	genus
taxon rank	Eupithecia valerianata inhabits wet meadows, ditch edges, forest edges and other locations where Valeriana species grow.	Eupithecia valerianata	species
taxon rank	Bothrocara is a genus of eelpouts.	Bothrocara	genus
taxon rank	Ribes aureum, known by the common names golden currant and buffalo currant, is a species in the genus Ribes.	Ribes aureum	species
taxon rank	Bidens laevis is a species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common names larger bur-marigold and smooth beggarticks.	Bidens laevis	species
taxon rank	Solanum linnaeanum is a nightshade species known as devil's apple and, in some places where it is introduced, apple of Sodom.	Solanum linnaeanum	species
taxon rank	Nedystoma is a genus of sea catfishes endemic to the island of New Guinea where they are found in fresh and brackish waters in both the Indonesian portion and in Papua New Guinea.	Nedystoma	genus
taxon rank	Coenochroa bipunctella, the sand dune panic grass moth, is a species of snout moth in the genus Coenochroa.	Coenochroa bipunctella	species
taxon rank	Bruktererpeton is an extinct genus of gephyrostegid reptiliomorph known from the Late Carboniferous of the Rhein-Ruhr-District, western Germany.	Bruktererpeton	genus
taxon rank	Leptecophylla juniperina is a species of flowering plant in the family Ericaceae.	Leptecophylla juniperina	species
taxon rank	The Japanese dwarf flying squirrel (Pteromys momonga; Japanese: ニホンモモンガ; Hepburn: Nihon momonga) is one of two species of Old World flying squirrels.	Japanese dwarf flying squirrel	species
taxon rank	Ceresa albescens, is a species of treehopper, of the genus Ceresa.	Ceresa albescens	species
taxon rank	Chicomurex superbus, common name : superb murex, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae, the murex snails or rock snails.	Chicomurex superbus	species
taxon rank	Arima brachyptera is a species of leaf beetle in the genus Arima.	Arima brachyptera	species
taxon rank	Heteropneustes, the airsac catfishes, is a genus of catfishes native to Asia.	Heteropneustes	genus
taxon rank	Dimocarpus gardneri is a species of plant related to the Longan.	Dimocarpus gardneri	species
taxon rank	Kentisuchus is an extinct genus of tomistomine crocodylian.	Kentisuchus	genus
taxon rank	Brachinus olgae is a species of ground beetle in the Brachinoaptinus subgenus that is endemic to Spain.	Brachinus olgae	species
taxon rank	The Florida scrub lizard (Sceloporus woodi) is a species of lizard endemic to Florida in the United States.	Florida scrub lizard	species
taxon rank	Rhodopechys is a genus of finches containing the following two species:	Rhodopechys	genus
taxon rank	Agelaia pallipes, a paper wasp, is a species of neotropical social wasp found from Costa Rica to Argentina and Paraguay and feeds on other insects like flies, moths, and ground crickets.	Agelaia pallipes	species
taxon rank	Rubus dissimilis, the bristly Oswego blackberry, is a rare North American species of flowering plant in the rose family.	Rubus dissimilis	species
taxon rank	Metarungia pubinervia is an Afrotropical plant species in the acanthus family, which is native to forest understorey in the Afromontane archipelago.	Metarungia pubinervia	species
taxon rank	Microlophus thoracicus, the Tschudi's Pacific iguana, is a species of lava lizard endemic to the Peru.	Microlophus thoracicus	species
taxon rank	Henicorhynchus is a genus of cyprinid fish that occurs in Southeast Asia with one species extending into China.	Henicorhynchus	genus
taxon rank	Hedeoma drummondii is a species of flowering plant in the mint family known by the common name Drummond's false pennyroyal.	Hedeoma drummondii	species
taxon rank	The Munididae are a family of squat lobsters erected in 2010.	Munididae	family
taxon rank	Roldana petasitis also known as velvet groundsel is a species of the genus Roldana and family Asteraceae that used to be a Senecio.	Roldana petasitis	species
taxon rank	Capparis lasiantha is an endemic Australian plant with a range that extends from The Kimberley through The Northern Territory and Queensland to Northern New South Wales, primarily in drier inland areas although the species extends to the coast in Central Queensland.	Capparis lasiantha	species
taxon rank	Donax hanleyanus, common name the wedge clam (in Argentina and Uruguay known as: berberecho; in Brazil (at least in Rio de Janeiro state), known as: sarnambi), is a marine bivalve mollusk species in the family Donacidae, the bean clams or wedge shells.	Donax hanleyanus	species
taxon rank	Hebeloma fastibile is a species of mushroom in the Hymenogastraceae family.	Hebeloma fastibile	species
taxon rank	Amietia ruwenzorica (Ruwenzori range frog or Ruwenzori river frog) is a species of frog in the Pyxicephalidae family.	Amietia ruwenzorica	species
taxon rank	Eubriinae is an aquatic beetle subfamily in the family Psephenidae.	Eubriinae	subfamily
taxon rank	Morenosaurus is an extinct genus of plesiosaur from the Cretaceous of what is now California.	Morenosaurus	genus
taxon rank	Pseudophallus is a genus of freshwater pipefishes native to Central and South America.	Pseudophallus	genus
taxon rank	Pyrenecosa rupicola is a wolf spider species found in France, Spain and Switzerland.	Pyrenecosa rupicola	species
taxon rank	Paeonia lactiflora (Chinese peony or common garden peony) is a species of herbaceous perennial flowering plant in the family Paeoniaceae, native to central and eastern Asia from eastern Tibet across northern China to eastern Siberia.	Paeonia lactiflora	species
taxon rank	The Fiji bush warbler (Horornis ruficapilla) is a species of bird in the Cettiidae family.	Fiji bush warbler	species
taxon rank	Platymaia alcocki is a species of crab in the family Inachidae	Platymaia alcocki	species
taxon rank	Rubus canadensis is a North American species of flowering plant in the rose family known by the common names smooth blackberry, Canadian blackberry, thornless blackberry and smooth highbush blackberry.	Rubus canadensis	species
taxon rank	Callionymus bifilum, the Northwestern Australian deepwater dragonet, is a species of dragonet native to the Indian Ocean off of western Australia.	Callionymus bifilum	species
taxon rank	Hosta (/ˈhɒstə/, syn. Funkia) is a genus of plants commonly known as hostas, plantain lilies (particularly in Britain) and occasionally by the Japanese name giboshi.	Hosta	genus
taxon rank	Cephalotaxus hainanensis is a species of conifer known by the common name Hainan plum-yew.	Cephalotaxus hainanensis	species
taxon rank	This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Mycomedusiospora flavida.	Mycomedusiospora	species
taxon rank	The Belluliina are a subtribe of moths of the Erebidae family.	Belluliina	subtribe
taxon rank	Taeniolethrinops praeorbitalis is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Malawi where it prefers shallow waters with sandy substrates but can occur as deep as approximately 50 metres (160 ft).	Taeniolethrinops praeorbitalis	species
taxon rank	Pyramidella terebelloides, common name the augur-like pyram, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.	Pyramidella terebelloides	species
taxon rank	Xylobolus subpileatus is a widely distributed species of crust fungus in the family Stereaceae.	Xylobolus subpileatus	species
taxon rank	Iris bulleyana is a species in the genus Iris, also the subgenus of Limniris and in the Iris series Sibiricae.	Iris bulleyana	species
taxon rank	Enigmonia aenigmatica, the mangrove jingle shell clam, is the only species in this monotypic genus.	Enigmonia	species
taxon rank	Archaster typicus is a species of starfish in the family Archasteridae.	Archaster typicus	species
taxon rank	Pyrilia is a genus of parrots in the family Psittacidae.	Pyrilia	genus
taxon rank	Labrisomus nigricinctus, the Spotcheek blenny, is a species of labrisomid blenny native to the western Atlantic Ocean from south Florida to Brazil.	Labrisomus nigricinctus	species
taxon rank	Perideridia californica is a species of flowering plant in the carrot family known by the common name California yampah.	Perideridia californica	species
taxon rank	Euchlaena deductaria, the forked euchlaena moth, is a species of moth of the family Geometridae.	Euchlaena deductaria	species
taxon rank	Cape genets are one of the genet species kept as exotic pets.	Cape genet	species
taxon rank	Starksia guadalupae, the Guadalupe blenny, is a species of labrisomid blenny native to the Pacific coast of Mexico where it is found at depths of from 9 to 18 metres (30 to 59 ft).	Starksia guadalupae	species
taxon rank	Grevillea infundibularis, commonly known as Fan-leaf Grevillea, is a rare shrub species endemic to Fitzgerald River National Park in south-western Western Australia.	Grevillea infundibularis	species
taxon rank	Penicillium islandicum is an anamorph species of the genus of Penicillium which produces luteoskyrin, simatoxin, cyclochlorotine, rugulosin, islanditoxin and chitosanase.	Penicillium islandicum	species
taxon rank	This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Ellurema indica.	Ellurema	species
taxon rank	The Central American pygmy owl (Glaucidium griseiceps) is a species of owl in the family Strigidae.	Central American pygmy owl	species
taxon rank	Cryptocercus garciai is a species of wood roach named after American musician Jerry Garcia.	Cryptocercus garciai	species
taxon rank	Atheniella is an agaric fungal genus that produces brightly colored (yellow, pink, orange, or red) mycenoid fruit bodies on small plant debris on forest floors, in fields and bogs.	Atheniella	genus
taxon rank	Notechidnopsis is a species of plants in the Apocynaceae first described as a genus in 1985.	Notechidnopsis	genus
taxon rank	Eremopterix is the genus of sparrow-larks, songbirds in the family Alaudidae.	Eremopterix	genus
taxon rank	Coburgosuchus is an extinct genus of pseudopalatine phytosaur.	Coburgosuchus	genus
taxon rank	Berg's tuco-tuco (Ctenomys bergi) is a species of rodent in the family Ctenomyidae, named after the Latvian-Argentine biologist Frederico Guillermo Carlos Berg.	Berg's tuco-tuco	species
taxon rank	Lathrostigma limbatofasciata is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Lathrostigma of the family Tephritidae.	Lathrostigma limbatofasciata	species
taxon rank	Mimoblennius atrocinctus, the banded blenny, is a species of combtooth blenny found in the western Pacific and eastern Indian oceans.	Mimoblennius atrocinctus	species
taxon rank	The family Azotobacteraceae contains aerobic diazotrophs with two genera, Azomonas and Azotobacter, distinguished by the ability to form cysts.	Azotobacteraceae	family
taxon rank	Eriogonum sphaerocephalum is a species of wild buckwheat known by the common name rock buckwheat.	Eriogonum sphaerocephalum	species
taxon rank	Brassica carinata (Ethiopian rape, Ethiopian mustard, Abyssinian mustard) is a member of the Triangle of U species (U, 1935) in the agriculturally significant Brassica genus.	Brassica carinata	species
taxon rank	Dusicyon cultridens or Dusicyon patagonicus cultridens is an extinct species in the genus Dusicyon.	Dusicyon cultridens	species
taxon rank	Notonecta irrorata is a species of backswimmer native to North America first described by Philip Reese Uhler in 1879.	Notonecta irrorata	species
taxon rank	Brychius elevatus is a species of beetle in the genus Brychius that was first described by Panzer in 1793.	Brychius elevatus	species
taxon rank	Decaisnina angustata is a species of flowering plant, an epiphytic hemiparasitic plant of the family Loranthaceae native to the Northern Territory and northern Western Australia.	Decaisnina angustata	species
taxon rank	Lobophyllia hemprichii, commonly called lobed brain coral, lobed cactus coral or largebrain root coral, is a species of large polyp stony coral in the family Lobophylliidae.	Lobophyllia hemprichii	species
taxon rank	Eugenia albida is a plant species in the Myrtaceae family.	Eugenia albida	species
taxon rank	Microstigma rotundatum, the Helicopter Damselfly, is a species of damselflies belonging to the family Pseudostigmatidae.	Microstigma rotundatum	species
taxon rank	Acalolepta speciosa is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family, that can be found in Asia in countries such as the China and Vietnam.	Acalolepta speciosa	species
taxon rank	Sphenosuchus is an extinct genus of sphenosuchian from the Elliot Formation (Early Jurassic) of South Africa, discovered and described early in the 20th century.	Sphenosuchus	genus
taxon rank	Carabus pingpong is a species of black and brown ground beetle in the Carabinae subfamily that is endemic to Gansu, province of China.	Carabus pingpong	species
taxon rank	Fendlera is a genus of shrubs in the Hydrangeaceae.	Fendlera	genus
taxon rank	Acleris britannia, the Brittania Moth, is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family.	Acleris britannia	species
taxon rank	Chiloglanis pretoriae, the shortspine suckermouth, is a species of upside-down catfish native to Mozambique, South Africa, Swaziland and Zimbabwe where it occurs in the Limpopo, Komati, Zambezi, Pungwe and Buzi River systems.	Chiloglanis pretoriae	species
taxon rank	Stahleckeriidae is a family of dicynodont therapsids whose fossils are known from the Triassic of North America, South America, Asia and Africa.	Stahleckeriidae	family
taxon rank	Cernuella cisalpina, sometimes known as the ``maritime gardensnail'', is a species of small air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Hygromiidae.	Cernuella cisalpina	species
taxon rank	Bromus secalinus is a species of bromegrass known as rye brome.	Bromus secalinus	species
taxon rank	Dracoglossum is a small genus of ferns in the family Polypodiaceae, subfamily Lomariopsidoideae.	Dracoglossum	genus
taxon rank	Eriodictyon californicum is a species of plant within the Boraginaceae family.	Eriodictyon californicum	species
taxon rank	Helophorus ís the only genus in the beetle family Helophoridae (traditionally included within Hydrophilidae as the subfamily Helophorinae).	Helophorus	genus
taxon rank	Pearson's tuco-tuco (Ctenomys pearsoni) is a species of rodent in the family Ctenomyidae.	Pearson's tuco-tuco	species
taxon rank	Lewisiopsis tweedyi is a flowering plant and sole species in genus Lewisiopsis.	Lewisiopsis	species
taxon rank	Hemiphora is a genus of plants of the family Lamiaceae, first described as a genus in 1882.	Hemiphora	genus
taxon rank	Phalanger, from the Greek Phalangion, meaning spider's web, from their webbed (fused) toes is a genus of possum.	Phalanger	genus
taxon rank	Epilobium anagallidifolium is a species of willowherb known by the common names pimpernel willowherb and alpine willowherb.	Epilobium anagallidifolium	species
taxon rank	Nothocestrum breviflorum, commonly known as smallflower ʻaiea, is a species of tree in the nightshade family, Solanaceae, that is endemic to the island of Hawaiʻi.	Nothocestrum breviflorum	species
taxon rank	Mimosa pigra, commonly known as giant sensitive tree, (pigra = lazy, slow), is a species of the genus Mimosa, in the family Fabaceae.	Mimosa pigra	species
taxon rank	Rhizomorpha subcorticalis is a fungus that is a plant pathogen that causes root rot in several species, including strawberries and avocado.	Rhizomorpha subcorticalis	species
taxon rank	Orovenator is an extinct genus of diapsid from Lower Permian (Sakmarian stage) deposits of Oklahoma, USA.	Orovenator	genus
taxon rank	Leidyula floridana, common name the Florida leatherleaf, is a species of tropical air-breathing land slugs, shell-less terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Veronicellidae.	Leidyula floridana	species
taxon rank	Mesopsocus blancae is a species of Psocoptera from Mesopsocidae family that is endemic to Spain.	Mesopsocus blancae	species
taxon rank	†Carelia knudseni was a species of small, air-breathing, land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Amastridae and superfamily Cochlicopoidea.	Carelia knudseni	species
taxon rank	Charaxes kahldeni is a member of the species group Charaxes zoolina.	Charaxes kahldeni	species
taxon rank	Tuber microspermum is a species of truffle in the family Tuberaceae.	Tuber microspermum	species
taxon rank	Kawingasaurus is an extinct genus of dicynodont therapsid from the Late Permian.	Kawingasaurus	genus
taxon rank	Malacothrix californica is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name California desertdandelion.	Malacothrix californica	species
taxon rank	Atriplex pacifica is a species of saltbush known by the common names Davidson's saltbush, South Coast saltbush, and Pacific orach.	Atriplex pacifica	species
taxon rank	Galeandra batemanii is a species of orchid native to Oaxaca and Central America.	Galeandra batemanii	species
taxon rank	Calliostoma hassler, common name Hassler's top shell, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calliostomatidae.	Calliostoma hassler	species
taxon rank	Tugalina plana is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fissurellidae, the keyhole limpets and slit limpets.	Tugalina plana	species
taxon rank	Myiozetetes is a small genus of passerine birds in the tyrant flycatcher family.	Myiozetetes	genus
taxon rank	Ravenea dransfieldii is a species of flowering plant in the Arecaceae family.	Ravenea dransfieldii	species
taxon rank	Coenobita perlatus, is a species of terrestrial hermit crab.	Coenobita perlatus	species
taxon rank	It was originally described as ``Kampecaris tuberculata'' by the Reverend Stanley Graham Brade-Birks, but was placed in its own new genus, Palaeodesmus, in 2004.	Palaeodesmus	genus
taxon rank	The yellow-throated frog, Trinidadian stream frog, Trinidad stream frog, or Trinidad poison frog (Mannophryne trinitatis) is a species of frog in the Aromobatidae family that is endemic to the island of Trinidad in the Republic of Trinidad and Tobago.	Mannophryne trinitatis	species
taxon rank	Trigonella is a genus from the family Fabaceae.	Trigonella	genus
taxon rank	Austrorossia is a genus of bobtail squid encompassing five species.	Austrorossia	genus
taxon rank	Ossinodus is an extinct genus of stem tetrapod.	Ossinodus	genus
taxon rank	Silene vulgaris, the bladder campion or maidenstears, is a plant species of the genus Silene of the pink family (Caryophyllaceae).	Silene vulgaris	species
taxon rank	Dystrophaeus is the name given to an extinct genus of eusauropod dinosaur from the early Kimmeridgian stage of the Late Jurassic that existed around 155.7 Ma.	Dystrophaeus	genus
taxon rank	Lachesilla pedicularia is a brown coloured species of Psocoptera from Stenopsocidae family that can be found in Europe.	Lachesilla pedicularia	species
taxon rank	Cenarchaeum symbiosum is a species of Archaea in the genus Cenarchaeum, and is one of the three species contained by the newly proposed phylum Thaumarchaeota in the domain Archaea.	Cenarchaeum symbiosum	species
taxon rank	Gryllus texensis is a species of field cricket identified by William H. Cade and Otte in (2000).	Gryllus texensis	species
taxon rank	Xerophyta scabrida is a plant species in the genus Xerophyta found in Africa.	Xerophyta scabrida	species
taxon rank	Monophyllus, the Antillean long-tongued bats, is a genus of bats in the family Phyllostomidae.	Monophyllus	genus
taxon rank	Dawkinsia assimilis is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Dawkinsia.	Dawkinsia assimilis	species
taxon rank	Oliver's warty pig or Mindoro warty pig (Sus oliveri) is a small species in the pig genus (Sus) which can only be found on the island of Mindoro in the central Philippines.	Oliver's warty pig	species
taxon rank	Scopolia japonica, the Japanese belladonna, is a flowering plant species in the genus Scopolia.	Scopolia japonica	species
taxon rank	Liobagrus chenghaiensis is a species of catfish in the Amblycipitidae family (the torrent catfishes) endemic to China, where it is only known from lake Chenghai in the province of Yunnan.	Liobagrus chenghaiensis	species
taxon rank	It was described by Barnes and McDunnough, in 1912, and contains the species Decaturia pectinalis.	Decaturia	species
taxon rank	Procambarus rathbunae is a species of crayfish in family Cambaridae.	Procambarus rathbunae	species
taxon rank	Phyllostegia wawrana is a rare species of flowering plant in the mint family known by the common name fuzzystem phyllostegia.	Phyllostegia wawrana	species
taxon rank	Spectracanthicus murinus is a species of suckermouth armored catfish endemic to Brazil where it is found in the Tapajós River basin.	Spectracanthicus murinus	species
taxon rank	Centropogon sodiroanus is a species of plant in the bellflower, Campanulaceae, family.	Centropogon sodiroanus	species
taxon rank	Batomena multispinis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Batomena.	Batomena multispinis	species
taxon rank	Kamera lens is a unicellular, flagellate organism and the only species in the genus Kamera.	Kamera lens	species
taxon rank	Pethia thelys is a species of cyprinid fish found in streams in Myitkyina and in Lake Indawgyi, Myanmar.	Pethia thelys	species
taxon rank	†Mautodontha subtilis was a species of small air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Charopidae.	Mautodontha subtilis	species
taxon rank	Systolosoma lateritium is a species of beetle in the genus Systolosoma.	Systolosoma lateritium	species
taxon rank	Otites bimaculata is a species of picture-winged fly in the genus Otites of the family Ulidiidae.	Otites bimaculata	species
taxon rank	Obdurodon is an extinct monotreme genus containing four species.	Obdurodon	genus
taxon rank	Alopecurus saccatus is a species of grass known by the common name Pacific foxtail, or Pacific meadow foxtail.	Alopecurus saccatus	species
taxon rank	Euscelis plebejus is a leafhopper species in the genus Euscelis.	Euscelis plebejus	species
taxon rank	Ocotea rivularis is a species of evergreen tree in the Ocotea genus of plants in the Lauraceae family.	Ocotea rivularis	species
taxon rank	The Rufous-bellied chachalaca (Ortalis wagleri) is a species of bird in the Cracidae family.	Rufous-bellied chachalaca	species
taxon rank	Gongora arcuata is a species of orchid found in Colombia.	Gongora arcuata	species
taxon rank	The Diapriidae are a family of insects belonging to the order Hymenoptera.	Diapriidae	family
taxon rank	Endogonales is an order of fungi within the phylum of Zygomycota.	Endogonales	order
taxon rank	Durevius is a small genus of assassin bugs restricted to the island of Madagascar.	Durevius	genus
taxon rank	Collinia oregonensis is a species of parasitoid ciliate of the Colliniidae family.	Collinia oregonensis	species
taxon rank	Penicillium dierckxii is a species of the genus of Penicillium which produces citreoviridin and citrinin.	Penicillium dierckxii	species
taxon rank	Hoplocorypha ugandana is a species of praying mantis found in Uganda.	Hoplocorypha ugandana	species
taxon rank	Philadelphus pekinensis (mock orange, 太平花 tai ping hua) is a species of deciduous shrub, 1--2 meters in height, endemic to northern and western China and Korea, with fragrant flowers up to 1`` across in small clusters.	Philadelphus pekinensis	species
taxon rank	Munditia tasmanica, common name the Tasmanian liotia, is a species of small sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk, in the family Liotiidae.	Munditia tasmanica	species
taxon rank	Dascilloidea is a superfamily of polyphagan beetles, comprising two families:	Dascilloidea	superfamily
taxon rank	Thespesia mossambicensis is a species of flowering plant in the mallow family, Malvaceae, that is endemic to Mozambique.	Thespesia mossambicensis	species
taxon rank	Monilinia fructicola is a species of fungus in the order Helotiales.	Monilinia fructicola	species
taxon rank	Senecio littoralis, the woolly ragwort, is a species of flowering plant in the Asteraceae family.	Senecio littoralis	species
taxon rank	Rhamphocetichthys savagei, Savage's bird-snouted whalefish, is a species of flabby whalefish found at depths of around 2,100 metres (6,900 ft).	Rhamphocetichthys savagei	species
taxon rank	Gobiodon citrinus, the Poison Goby, is a species of goby native to the Indian Ocean from the Red Sea and the coast of Africa to the western Pacific Ocean to Japan, Samoa and the Great Barrier Reef.	Gobiodon citrinus	species
taxon rank	Gray's Kukri Snake or Bengalese Kukri Snake, Oligodon dorsalis, is a species of snake.	Oligodon dorsalis	species
taxon rank	Barchatus is a genus of toadfish native to the western Indian Ocean, Somalia and the Red Sea.	Barchatus	genus
taxon rank	Bougainvillea spectabilis, also known as great bougainvillea, is a species of flowering plant.	Bougainvillea spectabilis	species
taxon rank	Conus sulcatus, common name the grooved shell, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.	Conus sulcatus	species
taxon rank	Coronaviridae is a family of enveloped, positive-stranded RNA viruses.	Coronaviridae	family
taxon rank	Hypseleotris tohizonae is a species of sleeper goby fish that is endemic to Madagascar, where it is found in fresh waters.	Hypseleotris tohizonae	species
taxon rank	Dosinia dunkeri is a species of saltwater clam, a marine bivalve mollusc in the family Veneridae.	Dosinia dunkeri	species
taxon rank	Kenkiidae is a family of freshwater triclads.	Kenkiidae	family
taxon rank	Blanus is a genus of amphisbaenians found in the Mediterranean region of Europe and North Africa.	Blanus	genus
taxon rank	Amauriopsis is a genus of North American plants in the Spanish needles tribe within the daisy family.	Amauriopsis	genus
taxon rank	Asystasia alba is a species of tropical herb in the Acanthaceae family.	Asystasia alba	species
taxon rank	Trichogenes is a genus of pencil catfishes.	Trichogenes	genus
taxon rank	Pachydesmoceras is a genus of ammonites belonging to the family Desmoceratidae.	Pachydesmoceras	genus
taxon rank	Stackhousia monogyna, commonly known as Creamy Stackhousia or Creamy Candles, is a perennial herb species in the family Celastraceae.	Stackhousia monogyna	species
taxon rank	Episemion krystallinoron is a species of African rivuline native to Equatorial Guinea and Gabon.	Episemion krystallinoron	species
taxon rank	Faveria subdasyptera is a species of moth in the snout moth family.	Faveria subdasyptera	species
taxon rank	Modiolus americanus, or the tulip mussel, is a species of bivalve mollusc in the family Mytilidae.	Modiolus americanus	species
taxon rank	Leptotyphlops collaris, or the Collared blind snake, is a species of snake in the Leptotyphlopidae family.	Leptotyphlops collaris	species
taxon rank	Allium passeyi is a plant species endemic to Box Elder County in northwestern Utah.	Allium passeyi	species
taxon rank	Oncidium bicolor is a species of orchid ranging from northeastern Venezuela to Brazil.	Oncidium bicolor	species
taxon rank	Ilex brasiliensis, ``Brazilian holly,'' is a species of Ilex genus in the Aquifoliaceae family.	Ilex brasiliensis	species
taxon rank	It consists of only one species, Intritenda tridentina, which is found in Ecuador (Loja Province).	Intritenda	species
taxon rank	Wolffia borealis is a species of flowering plant known by the common name northern watermeal.	Wolffia borealis	species
taxon rank	Citrobacter freundii is a species of facultative, anaerobic Gram-negative bacilli of the Enterobacteriaceae family.	Citrobacter freundii	species
taxon rank	Gagea lutea, the Yellow Star-of-Bethlehem, is a Eurasian plant species widespread from Spain and Norway to Siberia and Japan.	Gagea lutea	species
taxon rank	Mesoglossus caraibicus is a species of acorn worm in the family Harrimaniidae, which can be found on Bahamas, Greater Antilles, Southern Caribbean, and Gulf of Mexico.	Mesoglossus caraibicus	species
taxon rank	Melicope cruciata (also called pilo 'ula or cross-bearing pelea) was a species of plant in the Rutaceae family.	Melicope cruciata	species
taxon rank	Brachychampsa is an extinct genus of alligatoroid.	Brachychampsa	genus
taxon rank	Jardinella zeidlerorum is a species of small freshwater snails which have an operculum, aquatic gastropod mollusks in the family Hydrobiidae.	Jardinella zeidlerorum	species
taxon rank	Tatia is a genus of small South American catfishes belonging to Auchenipteridae, the driftwood catfish family.	Tatia	genus
taxon rank	Magicicada tredecula is a species of insect in family Cicadidae.	Magicicada tredecula	species
taxon rank	Muilla maritima is a species of flowering plant known by the common names sea muilla and common muilla.	Muilla maritima	species
taxon rank	Streptococcus mitis, previously known as Streptococcus mitior, is a mesophilic alpha-hemolytic species of Streptococcus that inhabits the human mouth.	Streptococcus mitis	species
taxon rank	Paraclodia besucheti is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Paraclodia.	Paraclodia besucheti	species
taxon rank	Acentrophryne is a genus of leftvents known from the eastern Pacific Ocean.	Acentrophryne	genus
taxon rank	Vertigo pseudosubstriata is a species of minute, air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusc or micromollusk in the family Vertiginidae, the whorl snails.	Vertigo pseudosubstriata	species
taxon rank	Zabalius apicalis is a species of katydid, native to Africa.	Zabalius apicalis	species
taxon rank	The Proboscidea (from the Greek προβοσκίς and the Latin proboscis) are a taxonomic order of afrotherian mammals containing one living family, Elephantidae, and several extinct families.	Proboscidea	order
taxon rank	Lepidocaryum is an unispecific genus of flowering plant in the palm family from South America where the lone species, Lepidocaryum tenue, is commonly called poktamui.	Lepidocaryum	species
taxon rank	Nymphes georgei is an extinct species of lacewing which existed in Washington during the Eocene period.	Nymphes georgei	species
taxon rank	Allium stamineum is a species of onion found in the Middle East (from the islands of the eastern Aegean south to Saudi Arabia and east to Iran).	Allium stamineum	species
taxon rank	Eureiandra balfourii is a species of plant in the Cucurbitaceae family.	Eureiandra balfourii	species
taxon rank	Powelliphanta rossiana, known as Ross' land snail, is a species of large, carnivorous land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusc in the family Rhytididae.	Powelliphanta rossiana	species
taxon rank	Liometopum miocenicum is an extinct species of ant in the genus Liometopum.	Liometopum miocenicum	species
taxon rank	The Thripinae are a subfamily of thrips, insects of the order Thysanoptera.	Thripinae	subfamily
taxon rank	Hesperozygis is a genus of shrubs or subshrubs in the family Lamiaceae.	Hesperozygis	genus
taxon rank	Digenea (Gr. Dis -- double, Genos -- race) is a subclass within the Platyhelminthes consisting of parasitic flatworms with a syncytial tegument and, usually, two suckers, one ventral and one oral.	Digenea	subclass
taxon rank	Delias levicki is a species of pierine butterfly endemic to Mindanao, in the Philippines.	Delias levicki	species
taxon rank	Pseudohemiodon platycephalus is a species of armored catfish native to Argentina and Brazil, particularly in the Paraguay River basin.	Pseudohemiodon platycephalus	species
taxon rank	Myrcia skeldingii was a species of plant in the Myrtaceae family.	Myrcia skeldingii	species
taxon rank	Ramanella nagaoi, sometimes known as the Nagao's pug-snout frog, is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.	Ramanella nagaoi	species
taxon rank	Ochrotrichia is a large genus of microcaddisflies.	Ochrotrichia	genus
taxon rank	Sepia carinata is a species of cuttlefish native to the western Pacific Ocean, specifically southern Japan, Sagami Bay, the South China Sea, and Vietnam.	Sepia carinata	species
taxon rank	(However, the latter species may no longer belong in the genus Otomys).	Otomys	genus
taxon rank	Carex pilulifera, the pill sedge, is a European species of sedge found in acid heaths, woods and grassland from Macaronesia to Scandinavia.	Carex pilulifera	species
taxon rank	Limonium solanderi is a species of sea lavender commonly known as Native Sea Lavender.	Limonium solanderi	species
taxon rank	Eschscholzia palmeri is a species of poppy native from Guadalupe Island in Mexico.	Eschscholzia palmeri	species
taxon rank	It is the only species in the genus Notiomys, although species of Chelemys and Geoxus were formerly included in that genus.	Notiomys	species
taxon rank	Miltonia regnellii, the Regnell's Miltonia, is a species of orchid occurring in southeastern and southern Brazil.	Miltonia regnellii	species
taxon rank	Amblesthidopsis areolata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Amblesthidopsis.	Amblesthidopsis areolata	species
taxon rank	Barbus lujae is an African species of freshwater fish.	Barbus lujae	species
taxon rank	Opuntia basilaris, the beavertail cactus or beavertail pricklypear, is a cactus species found in southwest United States.	Opuntia basilaris	species
taxon rank	Carex brunnescens, commonly known as the brownish sedge, is a species of sedge in the genus Carex.	Carex brunnescens	species
taxon rank	Banksieaeidites is a plant genus that encompasses fossil pollen that can be attributed to the Proteaceae tribe Banksieae, but cannot be attributed to a genus.	Banksieaeidites	genus
taxon rank	Pogonomyrmecini is a tribe of myrmicine ants with 2 extant genera, recently formed in 2015.	Pogonomyrmecini	tribe
taxon rank	Papilio moerneri is a rare species of butterfly in the family Papilionidae.	Papilio moerneri	species
taxon rank	Erigeron velutipes is a North American species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common names delicate fleabane and Chihuahuan fleabane.	Erigeron velutipes	species
taxon rank	Melanthera nivea, also known as pineland squarestem, snow squarestem and Spanish: yerba de cabra, is a species of flowering plant in the aster family.	Melanthera nivea	species
taxon rank	Snub-nosed monkeys are a group of Old World monkeys and make up the entirety of the genus Rhinopithecus.	Snub-nosed monkey	genus
taxon rank	The Hispaniolan pewee (Contopus hispaniolensis) is a species of bird in the Tyrannidae (flycatcher) family.	Hispaniolan pewee	species
taxon rank	Ophthalmotilapia boops is a species of fish in the cichlid endemic to Lake Tanganyika where it is only known from along the southern shore of the lake.	Ophthalmotilapia boops	species
taxon rank	Tenodera aridifolia is a species of praying mantis in the subfamily Mantinae of the family Mantidae.	Tenodera aridifolia	species
taxon rank	Centropyxis is a genus of Amoebozoa, including the species Centropyxis aculeata.	Centropyxis	genus
taxon rank	Cnemaspis kumarasinghei, commonly known as Kumarasinghe's day gecko, is a species of diurnal gecko endemic to the island of Sri Lanka.	Cnemaspis kumarasinghei	species
taxon rank	Notostira elongata is a species of bugs from a Miridae family, subfamily Mirinae.	Notostira elongata	species
taxon rank	Colus pygmaeus, common name the pygmy whelk, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae, the true whelks.	Colus pygmaeus	species
taxon rank	Rita gogra is a species of bagrid catfish endemic to India where it is found in the rivers of the Deccan Plateau up to the Krishna River system.	Rita gogra	species
taxon rank	Oecomys cleberi, also known as Cleber's oecomys or Cleber's arboreal rice rat, is a species of rodent in the genus Oecomys of family Cricetidae.	Oecomys cleberi	species
taxon rank	Ludwigia adscendens, with common name water primrose, is a species of flowering plant in the evening primrose family.	Ludwigia adscendens	species
taxon rank	It contains the single species Didymonyx infumata, which is found in South Africa.	Didymonyx	species
taxon rank	Squamicapilla arenata is a moth in the Cossidae family, and the only species in the genus Squamicapilla.	Squamicapilla arenata	species
taxon rank	Paragryllacris combusta or the striped raspy cricket is a species of cricket found in Australia.	Paragryllacris combusta	species
taxon rank	It contains the single species Horamella fassli, which is found in Colombia.	Horamella	species
taxon rank	Chimaphila menziesii, known by the common name little prince's pine, is a species of perennial wildflower in the heath family.	Chimaphila menziesii	species
taxon rank	Astrorhizata is a class within the foraminifera that comprises those species with primitive unilocular, (single chambered), tests composed of aggulinated material or microgranular calcite.	Astrorhizata	class
taxon rank	Conus abbas, common name the abbas cone, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.	Conus abbas	species
taxon rank	Malapterurus barbatus is a species of electric catfish native to Guinea, Sierra Leone and Liberia.	Malapterurus barbatus	species
taxon rank	Cirratulidae is a family of marine polychaete worms.	Cirratulidae	family
taxon rank	Astragalus austiniae is a species of milkvetch known by the common name Austin's milkvetch.	Astragalus austiniae	species
taxon rank	Pyroraptor is a genus of dromaeosaurid dinosaur from the late Cretaceous Period of France.	Pyroraptor	genus
taxon rank	Paracanthocobitis mooreh also known as the Maharashtra zipper loach is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Paracanthocobitis.	Paracanthocobitis mooreh	species
taxon rank	The only known species, Scaniornis lundgreni, lived in the MP 1--5 (Early Paleocene, perhaps Middle Paleocene: c. 65--59 million years ago).	Scaniornis	species
taxon rank	Cymopterus beckii is a rare species of flowering plant in the carrot family known by the common names featherleaf springparsley, Beck springparsley, and pinnate springparsley.	Cymopterus beckii	species
taxon rank	Cryptantha crinita is a rare species of flowering plant in the borage family known by the common names Sacramento cryptantha and silky cryptantha.	Cryptantha crinita	species
taxon rank	Mucuna bennettii, commonly known as New-Guinea creeper or scarlet jade vine, is a species of flowering plant in the family Fabaceae, that is native to Papua New Guinea.	Mucuna bennettii	species
taxon rank	Tegillarca granosa (also known as Anadara granosa) is a species of ark clam known as the blood cockle or blood clam due to the red haemoglobin liquid inside the soft tissues.	Tegillarca granosa	species
taxon rank	Pardosa roscai is a wolf spider species in the genus Pardosa found in Bulgaria, Romania and Turkey.	Pardosa roscai	species
taxon rank	Artemisia pygmaea is a North American species of sagebrush in the aster family known by the common name pygmy sagebrush.	Artemisia pygmaea	species
taxon rank	Sea devils are the family of deep-sea anglerfish known as the Ceratiidae, from the Greek keras, ``horn'', referring to the bioluminescent lure that projects from the fishes' forehead.	Ceratiidae	family
taxon rank	Oxybasis chenopodioides, (Syn. Chenopodium chenopodioides) is a species of flowering plant in the amaranth family known by the common name low goosefoot.	Oxybasis chenopodioides	species
taxon rank	Scapochariesthes nigroapicipennis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Scapochariesthes.	Scapochariesthes nigroapicipennis	species
taxon rank	Phaoniini is a tribe in the fly family Muscidae.	Phaoniini	tribe
taxon rank	Conus bairstowi, common name Bairstow's cone, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.	Conus bairstowi	species
taxon rank	Delevea naibensis is a species of beetle in the genus Delevea.	Delevea naibensis	species
taxon rank	Berberis sikkimensis is a plant species native to the high Himalayas at elevations of 2000--3000 m. It is known from Sikkim, Nepal, Bhutan, Tibet and Yunnan.	Berberis sikkimensis	species
taxon rank	Perittopus is a genus of Riffle bug.	Perittopus	genus
taxon rank	Parachariesthes marshalli is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Parachariesthes.	Parachariesthes marshalli	species
taxon rank	Tugarinovia is a genus of East Asian plants in the thistle tribe within the daisy family.	Tugarinovia	genus
taxon rank	Mycetophylax is a genus of fungus-growing ants.	Mycetophylax	genus
taxon rank	The Soroche (Pseudobombax argentinum) is a species of flowering plant in the Bombacaceae family.	Pseudobombax argentinum	species
taxon rank	Claea dabryi is a species of stone loach endemic to the Jinshajiang River basin in China.	Claea dabryi	species
taxon rank	Sagittaria sanfordii is an uncommon species of flowering plant in the water plantain family known by the common names valley arrowhead and Sanford's arrowhead.	Sagittaria sanfordii	species
taxon rank	Euphorbia milii (crown of thorns, Christ plant, Christ thorn) is a species of flowering plant in the spurge family Euphorbiaciae, native to Madagascar.	Euphorbia milii	species
taxon rank	Dendrochirus biocellatus, known commonly as the twospot turkeyfish or ocellated lionfish among other vernacular names, is a species of marine fish in the family Scorpaenidae.	Dendrochirus biocellatus	species
taxon rank	Chaenomeles is a genus of three species of deciduous spiny shrubs, usually 1--3 m tall, in the family Rosaceae.	Chaenomeles	genus
taxon rank	Parambassis pulcinella, the humphead glassfish or humphead perchlet, is a species of Asiatic glassfish native to fast-flowing streams in the Ataran basin (itself a part of the Salween basin) in southeast Myanmar and west Thailand.	Parambassis pulcinella	species
taxon rank	Symmorphus is a primarily holarctic genus of potter wasps.	Symmorphus	genus
taxon rank	Calamagrostis stricta (syn. C. neglecta), known as slim-stem small reed grass or narrow small-reed, is a species of bunchgrass in the family Poaceae which is native to wetlands of the Holarctic Kingdom.	Calamagrostis stricta	species
taxon rank	Lasioglossum amblypygus, also known as the Lasioglossum (Ctenomia) amblypygus, is a species of bees in the genus Lasioglossum, of the family Halictidae.	Lasioglossum amblypygus	species
taxon rank	The Coenobitidae are the family of terrestrial hermit crabs, widely known for their terrestrial habits, with 17 species in two genera:	Coenobitidae	family
taxon rank	Cyathea camerooniana is a species of tree fern native to Sierra Leone, Cameroon, northern Angola and western Uganda, where it grows in montane forest at an altitude of 900-1200 m. The trunk is erect and 2-3 m tall.	Cyathea camerooniana	species
taxon rank	Anthracodromeus is an extinct genus of Late Carboniferous (late Westphalian stage) protorothyridid known from Ohio.	Anthracodromeus	genus
taxon rank	Discocheilus is a genus of cyprinid fishes endemic to China.	Discocheilus	genus
taxon rank	Ceratophya is a genus of hoverflies, with five known species.	Ceratophya	genus
taxon rank	Helianthus porteri is a species of sunflower known by the common names Porter's sunflower and Confederate daisy.	Helianthus porteri	species
taxon rank	Cirsium andrewsii is an uncommon species of thistle known by the common name Franciscan thistle.	Cirsium andrewsii	species
taxon rank	Hoplomyzon atrizona is a species of banjo catfish endemic to the Lake Maracaibo basin in Venezuela.	Hoplomyzon atrizona	species
taxon rank	Leidyosuchus (meaning ``Leidy's crocodile'') is an extinct genus of alligatoroid from the Late Cretaceous of Alberta.	Leidyosuchus	genus
taxon rank	Eobania vermiculata also known as Helix vermiculata, common name the ``chocolate-band snail'' is a species of large, air-breathing, land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Helicidae, the true snails or typical snails.	Eobania vermiculata	species
taxon rank	Ramalina is a genus of greenish fruiticose lichens that grow in the form of flattened, strap-like branches.	Ramalina	genus
taxon rank	Cardamine oligosperma is a species of cardamine known by the common name little western bittercress.	Cardamine oligosperma	species
taxon rank	Asplenium aequibasis is a species of fern in the Aspleniaceae family.	Asplenium aequibasis	species
taxon rank	Marrubium (horehound or hoarhound) is a genus of flowering plants in the family Lamiaceae, native to temperate regions of Europe, North Africa, and Asia as far east as the Xinjiang region of western China.	Marrubium	genus
taxon rank	Paretroplus is a genus of fishes in the cichlid family, all of which are endemic to lakes and rivers of Madagascar.	Paretroplus	genus
taxon rank	Aprosphylus hybridus, also known as Namibian Black-kneed Katydid is a species of katydid that is endemic to southern Namibia.	Aprosphylus hybridus	species
taxon rank	Trillium maculatum, the spotted wakerobin or spotted trillium, is a plant species found only in the southeastern United States (Alabama, Georgia, South Carolina, and northern Florida).	Trillium maculatum	species
taxon rank	Musculus lateralis, common name the lateral mussel, is a small species of bivalve mollusc in the family Mytilidae.	Musculus lateralis	species
taxon rank	Millepora squarrosa, also known as Millepora striata, is a species of fire coral that can be found in the Caribbean Sea as well as in the West Atlantic.	Millepora squarrosa	species
taxon rank	Daphne bholua (Nepalese paper plant) is a species of flowering shrub in the genus Daphne of the family Thymelaeaceae.	Daphne bholua	species
taxon rank	Schwarzerium is a genus of long-horned beetle.	Schwarzerium	genus
taxon rank	Vegasaurus is an extinct genus of elasmosaurid plesiosaur known from the Late Cretaceous (early Maastrichtian stage) Snow Hill Island Formation of Vega Island, Antarctic Peninsula.	Vegasaurus	genus
taxon rank	Baleiichthys is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived during the Middle Jurassic epoch.	Baleiichthys	genus
taxon rank	The Elder Shoot Borer Moth or Spindle Worm (Achatodes zeae) is a moth species of the Noctuidae family.	Achatodes zeae	species
taxon rank	Marsilea drummondii is a species of fern known by the common name nardoo.	Marsilea drummondii	species
taxon rank	Rocio is a small genus of cichlid fishes from Mexico and northern Central America.	Rocio	genus
taxon rank	Sinum cymba, common name the concave ear moon snail, is a species of predatory sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Naticidae, the moon snails.	Sinum cymba	species
taxon rank	Enigmacanthus filamentosus is a species of filefish native to the Marshall Islands and the Seychelles.	Enigmacanthus filamentosus	species
taxon rank	Parablennius salensis is a species of combtooth blenny found in the eastern central Atlantic ocean near the coasts of Cape Verde.	Parablennius salensis	species
taxon rank	Bulimulus hirsutus is a species of gastropod in the Orthalicidae family.	Bulimulus hirsutus	species
taxon rank	Nuttall's blister beetle, Lytta nuttalli, is a species of beetle.	Lytta nuttalli	species
taxon rank	Phrydiuchus tau is a species of true weevil known as the Mediterranean sage root weevil.	Phrydiuchus tau	species
taxon rank	Amietophrynus danielae is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae and is known commonly as the Ivory Coast toad.	Amietophrynus danielae	species
taxon rank	It was described by Pribyl and Vanek in 1985, and the type species is Gabriceraurus gabrielsi, which was originally described under the genus Ceraurus by Ludvigsen in 1979.	Gabriceraurus	genus
taxon rank	Anthomyia quinquemaculata is a species of anthomyiid flies belonging to the family Anthomyiidae.	Anthomyia quinquemaculata	species
taxon rank	Anurogryllus muticus, also known as De Geer's short-tailed cricket or simply short-tailed cricket (a name common to many Anurogryllus species) is a species of cricket in the family Gryllidae.	Anurogryllus muticus	species
taxon rank	Aphyllanthes is a genus of flowering plants with only one species, Aphyllanthes monspeliensis, endemic to the western Mediterranean region.	Aphyllanthes	species
taxon rank	Microhedylidae are a taxonomic family of sea slugs, marine gastropod mollusks within the clade Acochlidiacea.	Microhedylidae	family
taxon rank	Rhoadsia is a genus of characins endemic to river basins in western Ecuador.	Rhoadsia	genus
taxon rank	Immoidea is a superfamily of pantropical moths containing only the family Immidae comprising ten genera with around 250 species, over half of them in the genus Imma.	Immidae	family
taxon rank	Aspidosperma is a genus of flowering plant in the family Apocynaceae, first described as a genus in 1824.	Aspidosperma	genus
taxon rank	Plateilema is a genus of flowering plants in the sneezeweed tribe within the sunflower family.	Plateilema	genus
taxon rank	Lolium is a genus of tufted grasses in the bluegrass subfamily of the grass family.	Lolium	genus
taxon rank	Salix discolor, the American pussy willow or glaucous willow, is a species of willow native to North America, one of two species commonly called pussy willow.	Salix discolor	species
taxon rank	Eosphagnum inretortum is the only species of genus Eosphagnum.	Eosphagnum	species
taxon rank	The order Hybodontiformes includes the families Polyarcodontidae, Hybodontidae and Ptychodontidae.	Hybodontiformes	order
taxon rank	Myrrhinium is a genus of plants in the Myrtaceae first described as a genus in 1827.	Myrrhinium	genus
taxon rank	Parolinia ornata is a species of flowering plants in the family Brassicaceae.	Parolinia ornata	species
taxon rank	Sphenarches nanellus is a species of moth in the genus Lioptilodes, known from Brazil and Peru.	Sphenarches nanellus	species
taxon rank	Lagopus is a small genus of birds in the grouse subfamily, commonly known as ptarmigans.	Lagopus	genus
taxon rank	Barnadesia ciliata is a species of flowering plant in the family Asteraceae.	Barnadesia ciliata	species
taxon rank	The Platypoda are a suborder of the monotremes; it includes three families and a single living species, the platypus.	Platypoda	suborder
taxon rank	Barbuligobius boehlkei, the Cryptic bearded goby, is a species of goby native to the Indian Ocean and the western Pacific Ocean where it can be found on sand-rubble substrates at depths of from 1 to 15 metres (3.3 to 49.2 ft).	Barbuligobius boehlkei	species
taxon rank	Diretmoides is a genus of spinyfins with one species (pauciradiatus) known from the eastern Atlantic Ocean and the other (veriginae) known from the eastern Indian Ocean.	Diretmoides	genus
taxon rank	Trifolium andersonii is a species of clover known by the common names fiveleaf clover and Anderson's clover.	Trifolium andersonii	species
taxon rank	Megalocentor echthrus is a species of catfish (order Siluriformes) of the family Trichomycteridae, and the only species of the genus Megalocentor.	Megalocentor echthrus	species
taxon rank	Camponotus indeflexus is a species of carpenter ant (genus Camponotus).	Camponotus indeflexus	species
taxon rank	Deherainia smaragdina is a species of bush in the Theophrastaceae family, endemic to Mexico, notable for its green flowers and unpleasant smell.	Deherainia smaragdina	species
taxon rank	Tiarella, foamflower, is a genus of wildflower and garden plants found in Asia and North America.	Tiarella	genus
taxon rank	Amastra subrostrata was a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Amastridae.	Amastra subrostrata	species
taxon rank	Erica margaritacea (or the Pearl Heath) is a species of erica that was naturally restricted to the city of Cape Town.	Erica margaritacea	species
taxon rank	Sycon raphanus is a species of marine invertebrate, a calcareous sponge belonging to the family Sycettidae.	Sycon raphanus	species
taxon rank	Elythranthera brunonis, also known as Purple Enamel Orchid, is a species of orchid which is endemic to Western Australia.	Elythranthera brunonis	species
taxon rank	Volvatellidae is a taxonomic family of sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Oxynooidea.	Volvatellidae	family
taxon rank	Videna electra is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Zonitidae, the true glass snails.	Videna electra	species
taxon rank	Murzinia karatauensis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Murzinia.	Murzinia karatauensis	species
taxon rank	The Andean pygmy owl (Glaucidium jardinii) is a species of owl in the family Strigidae.	Andean pygmy owl	species
taxon rank	Megarhyssa is a genus of large ichneumon wasps, with some species known for having the longest ovipositors of any insects.	Megarhyssa	genus
taxon rank	Transkeidectes multidentis, the Transkei Shieldback is a species of katydid in the family Tettigoniidae.	Transkeidectes multidentis	species
taxon rank	Polygonia (from Greek πολύς - polys, ``many'' and γωνία - gōnia, ``angle'') is a genus of butterflies with a conspicuous white mark on the underside of each hindwing, hence the common name Comma.	Polygonia	genus
taxon rank	Nebria fasciatopunctata is a species of ground beetle in the Nebriinae subfamily that can be found in Austria, Croatia, and Slovenia.	Nebria fasciatopunctata	species
taxon rank	Pycnoporellus alboluteus, commonly known as the orange sponge polypore, is a species of polypore fungus in the family Fomitopsidaceae.	Pycnoporellus alboluteus	species
taxon rank	Cymatona tomlini is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Ranellidae, the tritons.	Cymatona tomlini	species
taxon rank	Amolops viridimaculatus (common names: green-spotted torrent frog, Dahaoping sucker frog, Dahaoping cascade frog) is a species of frog found in Yunnan, China, northern Vietnam, northern Myanmar, and Nagaland, India; it is expected to occur in Laos too.	Amolops viridimaculatus	species
taxon rank	Niphoropica albipennis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Niphoropica.	Niphoropica albipennis	species
taxon rank	Heliamphora collina is a species of marsh pitcher plant known with certainty only from the Los Testigos Massif in Venezuela, although it may also occur on Ptari Tepui to the east.	Heliamphora collina	species
taxon rank	Rubus bifrons is a European species of flowering plant in the rose family.	Rubus bifrons	species
taxon rank	Araucariana queenslandica is a species of beetle in the family Buprestidae, the only species in the genus Araucariana.	Araucariana	genus
taxon rank	Stipa spartea - renamed Hesperostipa spartea, and commonly called Porcupine grass, is a bunchgrass species in the genus Stipa.	Stipa spartea	species
taxon rank	The Tofanellidae is an taxonomic family of fossil sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the informal group Lower Heterobranchia.	Tofanellidae	family
taxon rank	Bambusa is a large genus of clumping bamboos.	Bambusa	genus
taxon rank	Erigeron atticus is a European species of fleabane in the daisy family.	Erigeron atticus	species
taxon rank	Astragalus tidestromii is a species of milkvetch known by the common name Tidestrøm's milkvetch.	Astragalus tidestromii	species
taxon rank	Protemnodon is a genus of megafaunal macropods that existed in Australia, Tasmania, and Papua New Guinea in the Pleistocene.	Protemnodon	genus
taxon rank	† Hormotomidae is an extinct family of gastropods in the clade Vetigastropoda (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005).	Hormotomidae	family
taxon rank	Fibrobacteres is a small bacterial phylum which includes many of the major rumen bacteria, allowing for the degradation of plant-based cellulose in ruminant animals.	Fibrobacteres	phylum
taxon rank	Istiblennius steindachneri is a species of combtooth blenny found in the western Indian ocean.	Istiblennius steindachneri	species
taxon rank	Neopetrolisthes maculatus is a species of porcelain crab from the Indo-Pacific region.	Neopetrolisthes maculatus	species
taxon rank	Maylandia aurora is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Malawi where it is only known from the southern half of Likoma Island where it prefers habitats with rocky substrates close to sand.	Maylandia aurora	species
taxon rank	Chiloglanis orthodontus is a species of upside-down catfish that occurs in several greatly separated sites in the lower Malagarasi River in Tanzania, and is likely endemic to the basin.	Chiloglanis orthodontus	species
taxon rank	Hylarana aurata is a species of true frog in the genus Hylarana native to Indonesia.	Hylarana aurata	species
taxon rank	Murgisca cervinalis is a species of snout moth in the genus Murgisca.	Murgisca cervinalis	species
taxon rank	Tropidophis haetianus, or the Haitian dwarf boa, is a species of snake in the Tropidophiidae family.	Tropidophis haetianus	species
taxon rank	Anisopodus punctipennis is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family that was described by Monné & Martins in 1974.	Anisopodus punctipennis	species
taxon rank	Navajodactylus (meaning ``Navajo finger'') is an extinct genus of pterosaur from Late Cretaceous (late Campanian stage) deposits of San Juan Basin, New Mexico and Alberta, Canada.	Navajodactylus	genus
taxon rank	Oedothmia endopyrella is a species of snout moth, and the only species in the genus Oedothmia.	Oedothmia endopyrella	species
taxon rank	Chenopodium hians is a species of flowering plant in the amaranth family known by the common names hians goosefoot and gaping goosefoot.	Chenopodium hians	species
taxon rank	Crataegus orientalis, known as oriental hawthorn, is a species of hawthorn native to the Mediterranean region, Turkey, Caucasia, Crimea, and western Iran, with fruits that are orange or various shades of red.	Crataegus orientalis	species
taxon rank	Pristurus carteri is a species of gecko in the genus Pristurus known as rock geckos.	Pristurus carteri	species
taxon rank	Conasprella articulata, common name the Nada cone, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.	Conasprella articulata	species
taxon rank	Micropoecilia is a genus of poeciliids native to the Amazon Basin and Trinidad.	Micropoecilia	genus
taxon rank	Urticina piscivora, common names fish-eating anemone and fish-eating urticina, is a species of sea anemone in the family Actiniidae.	Urticina piscivora	species
taxon rank	Ephedra californica is a species of Ephedra, known by the common names California jointfir, California ephedra, desert tea, and cañatillo.	Ephedra californica	species
taxon rank	Hordeum jubatum, with common names foxtail barley, bobtail barley squirreltail barley, and intermediate barley, is a perennial plant species in the grass family Poaceae.	Hordeum jubatum	species
taxon rank	Rhododendron wrayi is a species of plant in the family Ericaceae.	Rhododendron wrayi	species
taxon rank	Metriorhynchus is an extinct genus of marine crocodyliform that lived in the oceans during the Middle to Late Jurassic.	Metriorhynchus	genus
taxon rank	Nototodarus is a genus of squid.	Nototodarus	genus
taxon rank	Diploporus is an extinct genus of conifer in the yew family Taxaceae, containing the single species Diploporus torreyoides known from the middle Eocene of north central Oregon and the Late Paleocene of south central North Dakota.	Diploporus	species
taxon rank	The duckbill eels or witch eels are a family, Nettastomatidae, of eels.	Nettastomatidae	family
taxon rank	Humpback dolphins are members of the genus Sousa.	Humpback dolphin	genus
taxon rank	Gervillaria is an extinct genus of saltwater clams, marine bivalve mollusks that lived from the Triassic to the Cretaceous in Asia, Europe, North America, and South America.	Gervillaria	genus
taxon rank	Retiskenea diploura is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the superfamily Neomphaloidea.	Retiskenea diploura	species
taxon rank	Vadonaxia peyrierasi is a species of beetle in the family Buprestidae, the only species in the genus Vadonaxia.	Vadonaxia peyrierasi	species
taxon rank	Mugilogobius adeia is a species of goby endemic to Lake Matano on the Indonesian island of Sulawesi where it inhabits areas with a number of shells of the gastropod Tylomelania gemmifera in which it seeks shelter.	Mugilogobius adeia	species
taxon rank	Isocrinida is an order of sea lilies which contains four extant families.	Isocrinida	order
taxon rank	†Neoplanorbis carinatus was a species of air-breathing freshwater snail, an aquatic pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Planorbidae, the ram's horn snails.	Neoplanorbis carinatus	species
taxon rank	Neocabreria is a genus of Brazilian flowering plants in the boneset tribe within the sunflower family.	Neocabreria	genus
taxon rank	Ceiba rosea is a species of plant in the Bombacaceae family.	Ceiba rosea	species
taxon rank	Cathayornis is a genus of enantiornithine birds from the Jiufotang Formation of Liaoning, People's Republic of China.	Cathayornis	genus
taxon rank	Brachyale pterolophioides is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Brachyale.	Brachyale pterolophioides	species
taxon rank	Cychrus bispinosus is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae that can be found in the following Chinese provinces:	Cychrus bispinosus	species
taxon rank	Callitris preissii (also C. gracilis) is a species of conifer in the Cupressaceae family, found only in Australia.	Callitris preissii	species
taxon rank	Tetraponera nigra, is a species of ant of the subfamily Myrmicinae, which can be found in Borneo, Philippines, Bangladesh, India, Sri Lanka, Thailand, China.	Tetraponera nigra	species
taxon rank	Xystridura is a genus of trilobite from the middle Cambrian of Australia.	Xystridura	genus
taxon rank	Melaleuca fulgens was one of the many species first formally described by the botanist Robert Brown, appearing in Hortus Kewensis in 1812.	Melaleuca fulgens	species
taxon rank	Pseudomonas alkanolytica is a Gram-negative soil bacterium that produces Coenzyme A. Because this organism is patented, it is not officially recognized as a legitimate Pseudomonas species, and therefore has no type strain.	Pseudomonas alkanolytica	species
taxon rank	Cardiocephalus is an extinct genus of leponspondyl amphibian from the Permian period.	Cardiocephalus	genus
taxon rank	Rhexia virginica, the handsome Harry or Virginia meadow-beauty, is a species of flowering plant in the family Melastomataceae.	Rhexia virginica	species
taxon rank	Pterocarpus rotundifolius, the round-leaved bloodwood, is a species of fabaceous tree that is native to mesic and well-watered woodlands of Africa south of the equator.	Pterocarpus rotundifolius	species
taxon rank	†Gastrocopta ogasawarana was a species of very small air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Vertiginidae, the whorl snails.	Gastrocopta ogasawarana	species
taxon rank	The genus Coronilla contains about 20 species of flowering plants native to Europe and North Africa.	Coronilla	genus
taxon rank	Xenodrepanites is an extinct ammonoid cephalopod genus belonging to the Ceratitida from the Upper Triassic of the Himalayas.	Xenodrepanites	genus
taxon rank	Parioglossus marginalis, the Blackmargin dartfish, is a species of dartfish native to the brackish waters of the coast of New South Wales, Australia and around the northern part of the North Island and Great Barrier Island, New Zealand.	Parioglossus marginalis	species
taxon rank	Rubus scambens is uncommon North American species of brambles in the rose family.	Rubus scambens	species
taxon rank	Hallothamus decorus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Hallothamus.	Hallothamus decorus	species
taxon rank	Benthophilus svetovidovi is a species of goby native to the eastern coasts of the Caspian Sea: near the capes Sagandyk, Melovyi, Peschany, Karasyngyr, off Türkmenbaşy, probably near Ogurja Ada.	Benthophilus svetovidovi	species
taxon rank	Myiacerapis villosus is a hoverfly, and the only species in the genus Myiacerapis.	Myiacerapis	species
taxon rank	Buddleja hieronymi is a species endemic to southern Bolivia and northern Argentina first described and named by Fries in 1905.	Buddleja hieronymi	species
taxon rank	Acanthanectes rufus is a species of triplefin blenny.	Acanthanectes rufus	species
taxon rank	It contains only one species, Neocrambus wolfschlaegeri, it is found in the Republic of Macedonia, Greece and Kurdistan.	Neocrambus	species
taxon rank	Phoenix pusilla (pusilla, Latin, tiny or weak) or Ceylon date palm is a species of flowering plant in the palm family, endemic to southern India and Sri Lanka (formerly Ceylon), they are found in lowlands, ridges and hills.	Phoenix pusilla	species
taxon rank	Furina is a genus of venomous, elapid snakes endemic to Australia.	Furina	genus
taxon rank	Trachelyichthys exilis is a species of driftwood catfish endemic to Peru where it is found in the Nanay River basin.	Trachelyichthys exilis	species
taxon rank	Hemibrycon is a genus of characins.	Hemibrycon	genus
taxon rank	Apotoforma mayumbeana is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family that is endemic to the Democratic Republic of the Congo.	Apotoforma mayumbeana	species
taxon rank	Yponomeuta is a large genus of moths of the Yponomeutidae family.	Yponomeuta	genus
taxon rank	Thalassodendron ciliatum, the sickle-leaved cymodocea, is a species of plant in the Thalassodendron genus of seagrasses in the family Cymodoceaceae.	Thalassodendron ciliatum	species
taxon rank	Centaurea dealbata (the Persian Cornflower or Whitewash Cornflower) is a species of Centaurea native to the Caucasus Mountains.	Centaurea dealbata	species
taxon rank	Bacillus boroniphilus is a species of highly boron-tolerant bacterium, hence its name.	Bacillus boroniphilus	species
taxon rank	Borassus heineanus is a species of a large solitary fan palm found only in northern New Guinea, in both Papua New Guinea and Indonesia, where it is threatened by habitat loss.	Borassus heineanus	species
taxon rank	Pyrops is a genus of planthopper that occurs primarily in southeast Asia, containing about 60 species.	Pyrops	genus
taxon rank	The strobila, rostellar hooks, location of the genital pore and the number of eggs in gravid uterus helped in differentiating Echinococcus shiquicus from the other species.	Echinococcus shiquicus	species
taxon rank	Notropis cahabae (Cahaba shiner) is a rare species of ray-finned fish in the family Cyprinidae.	Notropis cahabae	species
taxon rank	Ameiva plei, the Anguilla Bank ameiva or Caribbean ameiva, is a lizard species in the genus Ameiva.	Ameiva plei	species
taxon rank	Neobola fluviatilis (Athi sardine) is a species of ray-finned fish in the Cyprinidae family.	Neobola fluviatilis	species
taxon rank	Hoplocorypha boromensis is a species of praying mantis found in Zambia.	Hoplocorypha boromensis	species
taxon rank	Pahabengkakia piliceps is a species of true bug (harpactorinae) found in Thailand.	Pahabengkakia piliceps	species
taxon rank	Ero aphana is a species of pirate spider in the Mimetidae family.	Ero aphana	species
taxon rank	Quercus carmenensis, the Mexican oak, is a tree species native to Texas (Brewster County) and to Coahuila.	Quercus carmenensis	species
taxon rank	Conus stupella, common name the stupella cone, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.	Conus stupella	species
taxon rank	Listeria is a genus of bacteria that contains 10 species, each containing two subspecies.	Listeria	genus
taxon rank	Quercus cualensis is a rare Mexican species of oak in the beech family.	Quercus cualensis	species
taxon rank	Gongora fulva is a species of orchid found from Panama to Colombia.	Gongora fulva	species
taxon rank	Lopholepis is a genus of South Asian plants in the grass family.	Lopholepis	genus
taxon rank	Lepidosireniformes are an order of lungfish containing the families Lepidosirenidae (the South American lungfish) and Protopteridae (the African lungfish).	Lepidosireniformes	order
taxon rank	Breynia vitis-idaea or officinal breynia is a perennial tree-like species of Phyllanthaceae (Euphorbiaceae s.l.)	Breynia vitis-idaea	species
taxon rank	Ischnochiton luteoroseus is a minute species of chiton in the family Ischnochitonidae.	Ischnochiton luteoroseus	species
taxon rank	Vladichthys gloverensis is a species of toadfish known only from the Atlantic Coast of Belize and Honduras, where it is found on reefs.	Vladichthys gloverensis	species
taxon rank	Acer mandshuricum (Manchurian maple), is a species of maple native to China (southeastern Gansu, Heilongjiang, Jilin, Liaoning, southern Shaanxi), Korea and Russia (Primorsky Krai).	Acer mandshuricum	species
taxon rank	Fragaria viridis is a species of strawberry native to Europe and central Asia.	Fragaria viridis	species
taxon rank	Atemnidae is a family of pseudoscorpions, and contains the following genera:	Atemnidae	family
taxon rank	Trimucrodon (meaning ``three-pointed tooth'') is a genus of herbivorous dinosaur from the Late Jurassic or Early Cretaceous of what is now Portugal.	Trimucrodon	genus
taxon rank	Lonomia obliqua (or Giant Silkworm Moth, a name also used for a wide range of other Saturniid moths) is a species of Saturniid moths from South America.	Lonomia obliqua	species
taxon rank	Palinurus charlestoni is a species of spiny lobster which is endemic to the waters of Cape Verde.	Palinurus charlestoni	species
taxon rank	Ataxioceras is an extinct Ammonite cephalopod genus confined to the Upper Jurassic of Europe, included in the superfamily Perisphinctaceae.	Ataxioceras	genus
taxon rank	Cristorhodopina mussardi is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Cristorhodopina.	Cristorhodopina mussardi	species
taxon rank	Cirsium durangense, called Durango thistle , is Mexican species of plants in the thistle tribe within the sunflower family.	Cirsium durangense	species
taxon rank	Olivaichthys is a genus of velvet catfishes endemic to Argentina.	Olivaichthys	genus
taxon rank	Bullia rhodostoma, common name the smooth plough shell, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Nassariidae, the nassa mud snails or dog whelks.	Bullia rhodostoma	species
taxon rank	Sivaladapis is a genus of adapiform primate that lived in Asia during the middle Miocene.	Sivaladapis	genus
taxon rank	Plotosus is a genus of eeltail catfishes native to the Indian Ocean, the western Pacific Ocean and New Guinea.	Plotosus	genus
taxon rank	Spiraculata is an order of Blastoids containing at least one genus.	Spiraculata	order
taxon rank	Caesalpinia digyna, the Teri pod, is a plant species in the genus Caesalpinia.	Caesalpinia digyna	species
taxon rank	Rosenblattichthys is a genus of pearleyes.	Rosenblattichthys	genus
taxon rank	Gigantoraptor is a genus of giant oviraptorosaurian theropod dinosaur.	Gigantoraptor	genus
taxon rank	Phyllodesmium orientale is a species of small sea slug, an aolid nudibranch, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Facelinidae.	Phyllodesmium orientale	species
taxon rank	Lophatherum is a genus of Asian and Australian plants in the grass family.	Lophatherum	genus
taxon rank	Albanerpeton is an extinct genus of salamander-like lissamphibian found in North America and Europe.	Albanerpeton	genus
taxon rank	Hylarana raniceps, also known as the copper-cheeked frog, white-lipped frog, or Peters' Malaysian frog, is a species of true frog in the genus Hylarana.	Hylarana raniceps	species
taxon rank	Venus nux is a species of saltwater clam.	Venus nux	species
taxon rank	Tragulichthys jaculiferus also known as the Longspine burrfish, is a species of porcupinefish native to the Indo-Pacific where it occurs in reef environments at depths of from 26 to 137 metres (85 to 449 ft).	Tragulichthys jaculiferus	species
taxon rank	Philepitta is a genus of bird in the Philepittidae family.	Philepitta	genus
taxon rank	Grevillea parvula , commonly known as Genoa grevillea, is a species of the plant genus Grevillea.	Grevillea parvula	species
taxon rank	Paeonia peregrina is a species of flowering plant in the peony family Paeoniaceae, native to Southeastern Europe and Turkey.	Paeonia peregrina	species
taxon rank	Malvella is a small genus of flowering plants in the mallow family, Malvaceae.	Malvella	genus
taxon rank	Orthetrum austeni, the giant skimmer, is a species of dragonfly in the family Libellulidae.	Orthetrum austeni	species
taxon rank	Nebria navajo is a species of ground beetle in the Nebriinae subfamily that can be found in such US states as Alaska and Colorado.	Nebria navajo	species
taxon rank	Rita rita (Common names: Rita (English), রিঠা (Bengali)) is a species of bagrid catfish that is found across southern Asia.	Rita rita	species
taxon rank	Leioheterodon geayi or the speckled hognose snake is a species of mildly venomous snake native to southwestern Madagascar.	Leioheterodon geayi	species
taxon rank	Acropora grandis is a species of colonial stony coral.	Acropora grandis	species
taxon rank	Macrothelypteris torresiana is a species of fern which is native to tropical and subtropical Africa and Asia.	Macrothelypteris torresiana	species
taxon rank	Myrica hartwegii, known by the common names Sierra sweet bay and Sierra bayberry, is a species of shrub in the bayberry family.	Myrica hartwegii	species
taxon rank	Saurornithoides (/sɔːˌrɔrnɨˈθɔɪdiːz/ saw-ROR-ni-THOY-deez) is a genus of troodontid maniraptoran dinosaur, which lived during the Late Cretaceous period.	Saurornithoides	genus
taxon rank	Aphyodite grammica is a species of characin endemic to Guyana where it is found in the Essequibo River basin.	Aphyodite grammica	species
taxon rank	Cephalodynerus is a nearctic genus of potter wasps with six species.	Cephalodynerus	genus
taxon rank	Phacelia ramosissima is a species of phacelia known by the common name branching phacelia.	Phacelia ramosissima	species
taxon rank	Leptophis ahaetulla, commonly known as the lora or parrot snake, is a species of medium-sized slender snake of the Colubridae family.	Leptophis ahaetulla	species
taxon rank	Clarkia imbricata is a rare species of flowering plant in the evening primrose family known by the common name Vine Hill clarkia.	Clarkia imbricata	species
taxon rank	Erysimum arenicola, the Cascade wallflower, is a plant species native to British Columbia, Washington and Oregon.	Erysimum arenicola	species
taxon rank	Neviusia, the snow-wreaths, is a genus of ornamental plants, which are native to the United States, containing two extant species and one extinct species known from leaf fossils.	Neviusia	genus
taxon rank	It contains the single species Homoneuronia modesta, which is found in French Guiana.	Homoneuronia	species
taxon rank	Helophilus are a diverse genus of moderate to large hoverflies, that appear somewhat bee-like.	Helophilus	genus
taxon rank	Potamorhina is a genus of toothless characin from South America, with these currently described species:	Potamorhina	genus
taxon rank	Delphinium calthifolium, common name lu ti cao ye cui que hua, is a plant species endemic to Sichuan Province in China.	Delphinium calthifolium	species
taxon rank	Pyrgophorus coronatus is a species of very small aquatic snail, an operculate gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Hydrobiidae.	Pyrgophorus coronatus	species
taxon rank	The Manchurian hare (Lepus mandshuricus) is a species of hare found in northeastern China and Russia, the Amur River basin, and in the higher mountains of northern Korea.	Manchurian hare	species
taxon rank	Sclerocephalus is an extinct genus of temnospondyl amphibian from the lowermost Permian of Germany with four valid species, including the type species S. haeuseri.	Sclerocephalus	genus
taxon rank	Schizolecis guntheri is a species of loricariid catfish (order Siluriformes) and the only known member of the monotypic genus Schizolecis.	Schizolecis guntheri	species
taxon rank	Lachnaia is a genus of leaf beetles in the subfamily Clytrini.	Lachnaia	genus
taxon rank	Protopteryx is an extinct genus of bird and the most primitive enantiornithine, from the Cretaceous period.	Protopteryx	genus
taxon rank	Bolma modesta, common name the modest bolma, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turbinidae, the turban snails.	Bolma modesta	species
taxon rank	Gibasis oaxacana is species of flowering plants within the Gibasis genus, first described in 1972.	Gibasis oaxacana	species
taxon rank	Anastrangalia kasaharai is a species of beetle from Cerambycidae family that is endemic to Japan.	Anastrangalia kasaharai	species
taxon rank	Cobitis bilseli is a species of ray-finned fish in the Cobitidae family found only in Turkey.	Cobitis bilseli	species
taxon rank	Trichotosia is a genus of orchids with about 50 species distributed in China, the Himalayas, Southeast Asia (Indonesia, Indochina, Philippines etc.), New Guinea and various islands of the western Pacific (Solomon Islands, Vanuatu, etc.).	Trichotosia	genus
taxon rank	Colbertosaurus is a genus of traversodontid cynodont from the Middle Triassic of Argentina.	Colbertosaurus	genus
taxon rank	Morchella diminutiva is a species of fungus in the Morchellaceae family native to North America.	Morchella diminutiva	species
taxon rank	Plagiotremus ewaensis, the Ewa blenny, Ewa fangblenny or the Blue-stripe blenny, is a species of combtooth blenny found in coral reefs in the eastern central Pacific ocean.	Plagiotremus ewaensis	species
taxon rank	Yucca baccata (datil yucca or banana yucca) is a common species of yucca native to the deserts of the southwestern United States and northwestern Mexico, from southeastern California north to Utah, east to western Texas and south to Sonora and Chihuahua.	Yucca baccata	species
taxon rank	Paramblesthidopsis ochreosignata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Paramblesthidopsis.	Paramblesthidopsis ochreosignata	species
taxon rank	Betta pinguis is a species of gourami endemic to Indonesia.	Betta pinguis	species
taxon rank	Clytus is a genus of longhorn beetles in the family Cerambycidae containing the following species.	Clytus	genus
taxon rank	Cyrtandra calyptribracteata is a species of Cyrtandra of the family Gesneriaceae.	Cyrtandra calyptribracteata	species
taxon rank	Desulfuromonas michiganensis is a species of tetrachloroethene-reducing, acetate-oxidizing anaerobic bacteria.	Desulfuromonas michiganensis	species
taxon rank	Grevillea johnsonii (Johnson's Grevillea) is a shrub species which is endemic to New South Wales in Australia.	Grevillea johnsonii	species
taxon rank	Frankenia portulacifolia (also called Saint Helena Tea or Tea Plant) is a species of plant in the Frankeniaceae family.	Frankenia portulacifolia	species
taxon rank	Menegazzia castanea is a species of lichen from New Zealand and Australia.	Menegazzia castanea	species
taxon rank	Uroballus peckhami is a spider species of the Salticidae family (jumping spiders) that is known only from Vietnam.	Uroballus peckhami	species
taxon rank	Ficus maclellandii (common name Alii Fig or Banana-Leaf Fig) is a species of fig plant native to India, Southeast Asia and China.	Ficus maclellandii	species
taxon rank	Chaunacops is a genus of lophiiform fish (anglerfish) in the family Chaunacidae.	Chaunacops	genus
taxon rank	Tenellus trimaculatus is a species of thorny catfish native to Brazil, Colombia, Ecuador, Guyana, Peru and Venezuela.	Tenellus trimaculatus	species
taxon rank	Archaeopsylla is a genus of fleas.	Archaeopsylla	genus
taxon rank	Zhejiangosaurus (meaning ``Zhejiang lizard'') is an extinct genus of nodosaurid dinosaur from the Upper Cretaceous (Cenomanian stage) of Zhejiang, eastern China.	Zhejiangosaurus	genus
taxon rank	Anicetus communis is a parasitic wasp species in the genus Anicetus.	Anicetus communis	species
taxon rank	Pterophyllum leopoldi, also referred to as the teardrop angelfish, leopold's angelfish dwarf angelfish, or roman-nosed angelfish, is an angelfish species native to the Amazon River (between Manacapuru and Santarém), Essequibo River and Rupununi River.	Pterophyllum leopoldi	species
taxon rank	It is monotypic and includes the species Eocercomonas ramosa.	Eocercomonas	species
taxon rank	Austromegabalanus is a genus of giant barnacles.	Austromegabalanus	genus
taxon rank	Agyneta jiriensis is a species of sheet weaver found in Nepal.	Agyneta jiriensis	species
taxon rank	Endlicheria is a neotropical plant genus consisting of approximately 60 species, occurring mostly in northern South America and the Amazon region.	Endlicheria	genus
taxon rank	Carabus lefebvrei bayardi is a subspecies of bluish-black coloured ground beetle in the Carabinae subfamily that is endemic to Italy.	Carabus lefebvrei bayardi	subspecies
taxon rank	Sida mysorensis, common name in India Mysore fanpetals, is a plant species native to South and Southeast Asia.	Sida mysorensis	species
taxon rank	Bathydraco is a genus of Antarctic dragonfishes native to the Southern Ocean around Antarctica.	Bathydraco	genus
taxon rank	Quiabentia is a genus of cacti, closely related to Pereskiopsis.	Quiabentia	genus
taxon rank	Microseris sylvatica is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common names sylvan scorzonella and woodland silverpuffs.	Microseris sylvatica	species
taxon rank	According to the older taxonomy by Ponder and Lindberg the suborders within the order Sorbeoconcha are:	Sorbeoconcha	order
taxon rank	Aedes hensilli is a mosquito species originally collected in 1945 on Ulithi atoll in the Caroline Islands of the western Pacific Ocean, about 191 km (103 nautical mi) east of Yap State.	Aedes hensilli	species
taxon rank	Scarites is a genus of ground beetle native to the Palearctic, the Near East, North America and North Africa.	Scarites	genus
taxon rank	Chocolate pipefish, Syngnathus euchrous, is a species of the pipefishes.	Chocolate pipefish	species
taxon rank	The Palawan bearded pig (Sus ahoenobarbus) is a species of in the pig genus (Sus) endemic to the Philippines, where it can only be found on the archipelago of islands formed by Balabac, Palawan, and the Calamian Islands.	Palawan bearded pig	species
taxon rank	Proargentina is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish from the Eocene and the Oligocene.	Proargentina	genus
taxon rank	Scissurellidae, sometimes known by the common name little slit snails, are a taxonomic family of minute sea snails, marine gastropod molluscs or micromolluscs in the clade Vetigastropoda (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005).	Scissurellidae	family
taxon rank	Zabrus martensi is a species of ground beetle in the Himalayozabrus subgenus that is endemic to Nepal.	Zabrus martensi	species
taxon rank	Passalidae is a family of beetles known variously as ``bessbugs'', ``bess beetles'', ``betsy beetles'' or ``horned passalus beetles''.	Passalidae	family
taxon rank	Crataegus okanaganensis is a species of hawthorn native to western British Columbia, Washington state and Montana.	Crataegus okanaganensis	species
taxon rank	Picrophilus oshimae is a species of Archaea described in 1996.	Picrophilus oshimae	species
taxon rank	Philanthus ventilabris is a species of bee-hunting wasp (or ``beewolf'').	Philanthus ventilabris	species
taxon rank	Platygillellus altivelis, the Sailfin stargazer, is a species of sand stargazer native to the Pacific coast of Costa Rica and Panama where it can be found on sandy bottoms at depths of from 3 to 37 metres (9.8 to 121.4 ft).	Platygillellus altivelis	species
taxon rank	Callomphala lucida, common name the bright liotia, is a species of small sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Skeneidae.	Callomphala lucida	species
taxon rank	Truncatella vincentiana is a species of very small land snail that lives next to saltwater, a gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Truncatellidae.	Truncatella vincentiana	species
taxon rank	The genus contains only one species, Echinocereta strigalis, which is found in Arizona, California, Texas, Utah and Mexico.	Echinocereta	species
taxon rank	Rivetina excellens is a species of praying mantis in the genus Rivetina.	Rivetina excellens	species
taxon rank	The order Polypodiales encompasses the major lineages of polypod ferns, which comprise more than 80% of today's fern species.	Polypodiales	order
taxon rank	Paracryphia is a genus of a single species, Paracryphia alticola, a small tree or shrub endemic to New Caledonia.	Paracryphia	genus
taxon rank	Hyloscirtus bogotensis is a species of frog in the Hylidae family endemic to Colombia.	Hyloscirtus bogotensis	species
taxon rank	Glossodia is a genus of mostly purple orchids from Australia.	Glossodia	genus
taxon rank	Candida bracarensis is an anamorphic yeast species with type strain 153MT (=CBS 10154T =NCYC D3853T =CECT 12000T).	Candida bracarensis	species
taxon rank	Agonum canadense is a species of ground beetle in the Platyninae subfamily that can be found in Ontario, Canada and Pennsylvania, United States.	Agonum canadense	species
taxon rank	Polyspina piosae, commonly known as the orangebarred puffer, is a species of pufferfish endemic to the coast of western Australia.	Polyspina piosae	species
taxon rank	Eleutherodactylus modestus (Spanish: Rana-chirriadora Dedos Chatos) is a species of frog in the Eleutherodactylidae family.	Eleutherodactylus modestus	species
taxon rank	Senecioneae is the largest tribe of the Asteraceae, or the sunflower family, comprising approximately 150 genera and 3,000 species.	Senecioneae	tribe
taxon rank	Xysticus robustus is a ground crab spider species found from Europe to Central Asia.	Xysticus robustus	species
taxon rank	Lupinoblennius vinctus is a species of combtooth blenny found in the western central Atlantic ocean.	Lupinoblennius vinctus	species
taxon rank	Lysiosquillina maculata, the zebra mantis shrimp or striped mantis shrimp, is a species of mantis shrimp found across the Indo-Pacific region from East Africa to the Galápagos and Hawaiian Islands.	Lysiosquillina maculata	species
taxon rank	Nicotiana quadrivalvis is a species of wild tobacco known by the common name Indian tobacco.	Nicotiana quadrivalvis	species
taxon rank	Tulasnella is a genus of effused (patch-forming) fungi in the Tulasnellaceae family.	Tulasnella	genus
taxon rank	The Vespidae are a large (nearly 5000 species), diverse, cosmopolitan family of wasps, including nearly all the known eusocial wasps (such as Polistes fuscatus, Polistes annularis, and Vespula germanica) and many solitary wasps.	Vespidae	family
taxon rank	Euphiusa is a monotypic genus of moths in the Erebidae family.	Euphiusa	genus
taxon rank	Parodia is a genus of flowering plants in the cactus family Cactaceae, native to the uplands of Argentina, Peru, Bolivia, Brazil, Colombia and Uruguay.	Parodia	genus
taxon rank	Leptotyphlops peruvianus, or the Peru blind snake, is a species of snake in the Leptotyphlopidae family.	Leptotyphlops peruvianus	species
taxon rank	Mimulus laciniatus is an uncommon species of monkeyflower known by the common name Cutleaf monkeyflower.	Mimulus laciniatus	species
taxon rank	It contains a single species, Acheroraptor temertyorum.	Acheroraptor	species
taxon rank	Caralluma is a genus of flowering plants in the dogbane family, Apocynaceae, consisting of about 120 species.	Caralluma	genus
taxon rank	Commelina is a genus of approximately 170 species commonly called dayflowers due to the short lives of their flowers.	Commelina	genus
taxon rank	Lamiessa eumolpoides is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Lamiessa.	Lamiessa eumolpoides	species
taxon rank	Phacelia divaricata is a species of phacelia known by the common name divaricate phacelia.	Phacelia divaricata	species
taxon rank	Octopodoidea is a superfamily of the suborder Incirrata containing all octopods except for the argonauts (Alloposidae, Argonautidae, Ocythoidae and Tremoctopodidae) and the vampire squid.	Octopodoidea	superfamily
taxon rank	Hexarthrius mandibularis is a species of large stag beetle.	Hexarthrius mandibularis	species
taxon rank	Menegazzia caliginosa is a species of lichen from New Zealand, Australia and South America.	Menegazzia caliginosa	species
taxon rank	Bauera is a small genus of shrubs which are endemic to eastern Australia.	Bauera	genus
taxon rank	Amblypharyngodon melettinus is a species of carplet in the family Cyprinidae.	Amblypharyngodon melettinus	species
taxon rank	Cornus foemina is a species of flowering plant in the Cornaceae known by the common names stiff dogwood and swamp dogwood.	Cornus foemina	species
taxon rank	Photinia (/foʊˈtɪniə, fə-/) is a genus of about 40--60 species of small trees and large shrubs, but the taxonomy has recently varied greatly, with the genera Heteromeles, Stranvaesia and Aronia sometimes included in Photinia.	Photinia	genus
taxon rank	Senecio fremontii, the dwarf mountain ragwort, is a species of the genus Senecio and family Asteraceae.	Senecio fremontii	species
taxon rank	Polygonales was an order of flowering plants, recognized by several older systems, such as the Wettstein system, last revised in 1935, the Engler system, in its update of 1964, and the Cronquist system, 1981.	Polygonales	order
taxon rank	Nemacladus is a genus of flowering plants in the bellflower family known generally as threadplants.	Nemacladus	genus
taxon rank	Cynanchum acutum is a species of climbing vine swallowworts native to Europe, Africa, and Asia.	Cynanchum acutum	species
taxon rank	Leptocleidus is an extinct genus of pliosaurid plesiosaur, belonging to the family Leptocleididae.	Leptocleidus	genus
taxon rank	Trivia arctica, the northern cowrie, is a species of small sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Triviidae, the trivias.	Trivia arctica	species
taxon rank	Zhejiangopterus is a genus of azhdarchid pterosaur known from one species, which lived in China during the late Cretaceous Period.	Zhejiangopterus	genus
taxon rank	Chasmodes longimaxilla, the Stretchjaw blenny or Longjaw blenny, is a species of combtooth blenny found in the western central Atlantic ocean.	Chasmodes longimaxilla	species
taxon rank	Acer tegmentosum, Manchurian striped maple is a species of maple genus, which is natively found in the south of the Russian Far East (along the Amur and Ussuri rivers in Primorsky Krai), northeastern China (Heilongjiang, Jilin, Liaoning), and in Korea.	Acer tegmentosum	species
taxon rank	Ligustrum japonicum (Japanese privet ; Japanese: ネズミモチ) is a species of Ligustrum (privet) native to central and southern Japan (Honshū, Shikoku, Kyūshū, Okinawa) and Korea.	Ligustrum japonicum	species
taxon rank	Aphyocheirodon hemigrammus is a species of characin endemic to Brazil where it is found in the upper Paraná River basin.	Aphyocheirodon hemigrammus	species
taxon rank	The Hainan leaf warbler (Phylloscopus hainanus) is a species of Old World warbler in the Phylloscopidae family.	Hainan leaf warbler	species
taxon rank	Polarornis is a genus of prehistoric bird, possibly a loon.	Polarornis	genus
taxon rank	Traditionally they are included in the division Pteridophyta, the ferns, originally as a family and later as the order Ophioglossales.	Ophioglossales	order
taxon rank	Carmenelectra is an extinct genus of fly belonging to the family Mythicomyiidae and containing a single species Carmenelectra shechisme.	Carmenelectra	species
taxon rank	Carex adusta, commonly known as the lesser brown sedge or the browned sedge, is a species of sedge (Carex) in the section Ovales.	Carex adusta	species
taxon rank	Amorphoscelis ceylonica is a species of praying mantis found in Sri Lanka.	Amorphoscelis ceylonica	species
taxon rank	Isodontia mexicana, the Grass-carrying wasp, is a species belonging to the family Sphecidae.	Isodontia mexicana	species
taxon rank	Bossiaea buxifolia (Matted Bossiaea) is a species of flowering plant in the pea family (Fabaceae).	Bossiaea buxifolia	species
taxon rank	Eucarphia anomala is a species of snout moth in the genus Eucarphia.	Eucarphia anomala	species
taxon rank	Barbus anoplus, the chubbyhead barb, is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Barbus.	Barbus anoplus	species
taxon rank	It was named by Dany Azar, André Nel and Julian F. Petrulevicius in 2010, and the type species is Jerseyempheria grimaldii.	Jerseyempheria	species
taxon rank	Schizochiton is a genus of polyplacophoran mollusc.	Schizochiton	genus
taxon rank	†Pleurodonte desidens was a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Pleurodontidae.	Pleurodonte desidens	species
taxon rank	Vallesia is a genus of plants in the family Apocynaceae first described as a genus in 1794.	Vallesia	genus
taxon rank	Oxytropis podocarpa is a species of flowering plant in the legume family known by the common names stalkpod locoweed, stalked-pod crazyweed, and Gray's point-vetch.	Oxytropis podocarpa	species
taxon rank	Dupucharopa millestriata is a species of small, air-breathing land snails, terrestrial gastropod mollusks in the family Charopidae.	Dupucharopa millestriata	species
taxon rank	Medicago ciliaris or ciliate medick is a plant species of the genus Medicago.	Medicago ciliaris	species
taxon rank	Diodora parviforata, common name the conical keyhole limpet, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fissurellidae, the keyhole limpets.	Diodora parviforata	species
taxon rank	Dendronotus frondosus is a species of sea slug, specifically a dendronotid nudibranch, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Dendronotidae.	Dendronotus frondosus	species
taxon rank	Harpago arthritica, common name : the arthritic spider conch, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Strombidae, the true conchs.	Harpago arthritica	species
taxon rank	Ferocactus viridescens is a rare species of barrel cactus known by several common names, including Coast barrel cactus and San Diego barrel cactus.	Ferocactus viridescens	species
taxon rank	Telosentis is a genus of acanthocephalans.	Telosentis	genus
taxon rank	Acacia karroo, commonly known as the Sweet thorn, is a species of Acacia, native to southern Africa from southern Angola east to Mozambique, and south to South Africa.	Acacia karroo	species
taxon rank	Hymenodictyeae is a tribe of flowering plants in the Rubiaceae family and contains about 25 species in 2 genera.	Hymenodictyeae	tribe
taxon rank	Clavibacter michiganensis is an aerobic non-sporulating Gram-positive plant pathogenic actinomycete that currently constitutes the only species within the genus Clavibacter.	Clavibacter michiganensis	species
taxon rank	Tricholomopsis sulfureoides is a species of gilled mushroom found in the United States.	Tricholomopsis sulfureoides	species
taxon rank	The Valvulinidae is a family of Paleocene to recent benthic textulariid Foraminifera characterized by trochospiral tests in the early stage which may become uniserial in the later.	Valvulinidae	family
taxon rank	Spondylus varius, is a species of large saltwater clam, a marine bivalve mollusc in the family Spondylidae, the thorny oysters.	Spondylus varius	species
taxon rank	Mesoclemmys heliostemma is a species of turtle.	Mesoclemmys heliostemma	species
taxon rank	Chenopodium pallidicaule, known as qañiwa, qañawa or qañawi (Quechua, hispanicized spellings cañihua, canihua, cañahua, cañahui, also kaniwa, kañiwa) is a species of goosefoot, similar in character and uses to the closely related quinoa (Chenopodium quinoa).	Chenopodium pallidicaule	species
taxon rank	Trochus cariniferus is a species of small sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Trochidae, the top snails.	Trochus cariniferus	species
taxon rank	Theclinesthes albocincta is a species of butterfly native to most of Australia.	Theclinesthes albocincta	species
taxon rank	Iris bracteata, with common name is 'Siskiyou iris, is a species of iris.	Iris bracteata	species
taxon rank	Typha joannis is a plant species native to Mongolia and Amur.	Typha joannis	species
taxon rank	Teleosaurus was an extinct genus of teleosaurid crocodyliform that lived during the Middle Jurassic.	Teleosaurus	genus
taxon rank	The Geastrales are an order of gasterocarpic basidiomycetes (fungi) that relates to Cantharellales.	Geastrales	order
taxon rank	Osteochilichthys is a small genus of cyprinid fishes.	Osteochilichthys	genus
taxon rank	Pereskia, as traditionally circumscribed, is a genus of 17 tropical species and varieties of cacti that do not look much like other types of cacti, having substantial leaves and thin stems.	Pereskia	genus
taxon rank	Doriprismatica sibogae is a species of sea slug, a dorid nudibranch, a shell-less marine gastropod mollusk in the family Chromodorididae.	Doriprismatica sibogae	species
taxon rank	The Mareeba rock-wallaby (Petrogale mareeba) is a species of rock-wallaby found in northeastern Queensland, Australia.	Mareeba rock-wallaby	species
taxon rank	Ligularia (leopard plant) is a genus of robust Old World herbaceous perennial plants in the groundsel tribe within the sunflower family.	Ligularia	genus
taxon rank	Draculo is a genus of dragonets found mainly in the tropical waters of the western Indo-Pacific.	Draculo	genus
taxon rank	Ancotrema sportella, common name the beaded lancetooth, is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Haplotrematidae.	Ancotrema sportella	species
taxon rank	Xyris smalliana, Small's yelloweyed grass, is a North American species of flowering plants in the yellow-eyed-grass family.	Xyris smalliana	species
taxon rank	Afronemacheilus abyssinicus is a species of stone loach endemic to Ethiopia.	Afronemacheilus abyssinicus	species
taxon rank	Limonium limbatum, common names Trans-pecos sea-lavender or Desert sea-lavender, is a plant species native to the southwestern United States (Arizona, New Mexico, Texas and Oklahoma) and also in the Mexican State of Coahuila.	Limonium limbatum	species
taxon rank	Flaveria trinervia is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common names clustered yellowtops, speedyweed, and yellow twinstem.	Flaveria trinervia	species
taxon rank	Odontomachus bauri is a species of ponerinae ant known as trap jaw ants.	Odontomachus bauri	species
taxon rank	Margarella violacea is a species of small sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calliostomatidae, the top snails.	Margarella violacea	species
taxon rank	Typhlops angolensis, known commonly as the Angola blind snake, is a species of snake in the Typhlopidae family.	Typhlops angolensis	species
taxon rank	†Helenodiscus bilamellata was a species of small air-breathing land snail, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Charopidae.	Helenodiscus bilamellata	species
taxon rank	Anthurium hookeri, the Bird's Nest Anthurium, is a species of flowering plant in the Anthurium genus.	Anthurium hookeri	species
taxon rank	Jungermanniaceae is the namesake family of leafy liverworts.	Jungermanniaceae	family
taxon rank	Streptomyces badius is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which has been isolated from soil in Kaukasus in Russia.	Streptomyces badius	species
taxon rank	Minuartia howellii is an uncommon species of flowering plant in the pink family known by the common names Howell's stitchwort and Howell's sandwort.	Minuartia howellii	species
taxon rank	Polygonum utahense, the Utah knotweed, is a North American species of plants in the buckwheat family.	Polygonum utahense	species
taxon rank	Longiflagrum amphibium is an estuarine species of crustacean in the order Tanaidacea.	Longiflagrum amphibium	species
taxon rank	Gossypium arboreum, commonly called tree cotton, is a species of cotton native to India, Pakistan and other tropical and subtropical regions of the Old World.	Gossypium arboreum	species
taxon rank	Remains of its only known species, Siamoadapis maemohensis, were found in Thailand.	Siamoadapis	species
taxon rank	Magnolia cylindrica, or the Huangshan magnolia (named for Mount Huang, where it can be found naturally), is a species of plant in the Magnoliaceae family.	Magnolia cylindrica	species
taxon rank	Palafoxia integrifolia, commonly known as the coastalplain palafox and coastal plain palafox, is a species of palafox native to the southeastern United States.	Palafoxia integrifolia	species
taxon rank	Syzygium polyanthum, also called Indian bayleaf and Indonesian bayleaf, is a species of plant in the Myrtaceae family, native to Indochina and Malesia.	Syzygium polyanthum	species
taxon rank	Agrostis canina, known as brown bent or velvet bent, is a species of grass.	Agrostis canina	species
taxon rank	Panorpa communis, the common scorpionfly, is a species of scorpionfly native to Western Europe.	Panorpa communis	species
taxon rank	Holothele incei is a species of dwarf tarantula from Trinidad and Tobago, commonly called the Trinidad olive tarantula, exceeding 5 -- 7.5 cm (2 -- 3 in) when mature.	Holothele incei	species
taxon rank	Ctenophora elegans is a true crane fly species in the genus Ctenophora.	Ctenophora elegans	species
taxon rank	Cerithideopsilla conica is a species of small sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Potamididae.	Cerithideopsilla conica	species
taxon rank	Hypericum nagasawae is a species of the large genus Hypericum (St. John's wort) in the Hypericaceae family.	Hypericum nagasawae	species
taxon rank	Rubus biformispinus, the pasture dewberry, is an uncommon North American species of flowering plant in the rose family.	Rubus biformispinus	species
taxon rank	Haramiyavia was a genus of proto-mammals in the Haramiyida clade that existed about 200-million-years-ago in the Norian/Rhaetian period of the Triassic.	Haramiyavia	genus
taxon rank	Limonium sinuatum, commonly known as statice, sea lavender, notch leaf marsh rosemary, sea pink, wavyleaf sea lavender, is a Mediterranean plant species in the family Plumbaginaceae known for its papery flowers that can be used in dried arrangements.	Limonium sinuatum	species
taxon rank	Packera ionophylla is an uncommon species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name Tehachapi ragwort.	Packera ionophylla	species
taxon rank	Annandaliella travancorica is a species of tarantula spider found in the Western Ghats of India.	Annandaliella travancorica	species
taxon rank	Lasanius is a genus of basal anaspida from the Late Silurian.	Lasanius	genus
taxon rank	Lyophyllum eucalypticum is a species of fungus in the family Lyophyllaceae.	Lyophyllum eucalypticum	species
taxon rank	Neolamprologus niger is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Tanganyika where it is only found along the northern shores.	Neolamprologus niger	species
taxon rank	The Comal blind salamander or Honey Creek Cave blind salamander (Eurycea tridentifera) is a small species of aquatic, lungless salamander native to the United States.	Comal blind salamander	species
taxon rank	Thlaspi, or pennycress, is a genus of herbs of temperate regions of the Eurasian continent.	Thlaspi	genus
taxon rank	Neomoema cendi is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Neomoema cendi.	Neomoema cendi	species
taxon rank	Hemistropharia is a genus of agarics of unclear classification, though possibly related to the Hymenogastraceae or Tubarieae.	Hemistropharia	genus
taxon rank	Tuberculobasis tirio is a species of damselfly in the family Coenagrionidae first identified in Pará, Brazil.	Tuberculobasis tirio	species
taxon rank	Coahomasuchus is an extinct genus of aetosaurine stagonolepidid.	Coahomasuchus	genus
taxon rank	Pristimantis ridens, also known as the pygmy rain frog and the Rio San Juan robber frog, is a species of frog in the Craugastoridae family.	Pristimantis ridens	species
taxon rank	Congocharax is a genus of distichodontid fishes from tropical Africa, with these currently described species:	Congocharax	genus
taxon rank	Cervoglenea lata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Cervoglenea.	Cervoglenea lata	species
taxon rank	Damasonium californicum is a species of perennial wildflower in the water plantain family which is known by the common name Fringed Water-plantain, or Star Water-plantain.	Damasonium californicum	species
taxon rank	Hesperantha is a genus of cormous flowering plants in the family Iridaceae.	Hesperantha	genus
taxon rank	Babakina is a genus of sea slugs, aeolid nudibranchs, marine gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Flabellinoidea.	Babakina	genus
taxon rank	Archancistrocerus is an monotypic genus of potter wasps.	Archancistrocerus	genus
taxon rank	Tropheus duboisi, the white spotted cichlid, is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Tanganyika.	Tropheus duboisi	species
taxon rank	It contains only one species, Amphignostis nephelocentra.	Amphignostis	species
taxon rank	Rhododendron cuneatum (楔叶杜鹃) is a rhododendron species native to northern and western Yunnan and southwestern Sichuan in China, where it grows at altitudes of 2700-4300 meters.	Rhododendron cuneatum	species
taxon rank	Odontoglossum crocidipterum, the Saffron-yellow Two-winged Odontoglossum, is a species of orchid found from Colombia to northwestern Venezuela.	Odontoglossum crocidipterum	species
taxon rank	Neobatrachus is a genus of burrowing ground frogs native to Australia.	Neobatrachus	genus
taxon rank	Stoloteuthis leucoptera, also known as the Butterfly Bobtail Squid, is a widespread species of bobtail squid.	Stoloteuthis leucoptera	species
taxon rank	Acropora anthocercis is a species of acroporid coral that was first described by G. Brook in 1893.	Acropora anthocercis	species
taxon rank	Oligodon is genus of colubrid snakes that was first described by the Austrian zoologist Fitzinger in 1826.	Oligodon	genus
taxon rank	Cryptonectriella is a genus of fungi within the Diaporthales order, class Sordariomycetes.	Cryptonectriella	genus
taxon rank	It contains only one species, Aedoea decreta, which is found in Borneo and Australia.	Aedoea	species
taxon rank	Anoectochilus koshunensis is a species of plant in the Orchidaceae family native to Taiwan and to Nansei-shoto (Ryukyu Islands).	Anoectochilus koshunensis	species
taxon rank	Caecocypris basimi is a species of cyprinid fish endemic to Iraq, only occurring near Haditha.	Caecocypris basimi	species
taxon rank	Pythium is a genus of parasitic oomycotes.	Pythium	genus
taxon rank	The World Checklist of Selected Plant Families regards Agave angustifolia as an illegitimate synonym for Agave vivipara L. Other sources maintain them as distinct species with non-overlapping native distributions (García-Mendoza and Fernando Chiang 2003).	Agave angustifolia	species
taxon rank	Calathus ciliatus is a species of ground beetle from the Platyninae subfamily that is endemic to the Canary Islands.	Calathus ciliatus	species
taxon rank	Ornithogalum candicans, known as the summer hyacinth, is a species of flowering plant in the family Asparagaceae, native to moist grassland in South Africa (Limpopo, Mpumalanga, Free State, Kwazulu/Natal, Eastern Cape).	Ornithogalum candicans	species
taxon rank	Stegnaster is a genus of sea stars of the family Asterinidae, endemic to New Zealand.	Stegnaster	genus
taxon rank	Krascheninnikovia lanata is a species of flowering plant in the amaranth family (Amaranthaceae), known by the common name winterfat.	Krascheninnikovia lanata	species
taxon rank	Otsheria is an extinct genus of anomodont from the Permian of Russia.	Otsheria	genus
taxon rank	Cynoglossus attenuatus, commonly known as the Fourline tonguesole is a species of tonguefish.	Cynoglossus attenuatus	species
taxon rank	Doederleinia berycoides, the rosy seabass or blackthroat seaperch, is a species of fish in the family Acropomatidae, the temperate ocean-basses or lanternbellies.	Doederleinia berycoides	species
taxon rank	Aethalochroa spinipes, common name stick mantis, is a species of praying mantis native to Pakistan and India.	Aethalochroa spinipes	species
taxon rank	Ristella travancorica, commonly known as the Travancore cat skink or the Travancore Ristella, is a species of skink endemic to the Western Ghats in India.	Ristella travancorica	species
taxon rank	Euastacus is a genus of freshwater crayfish known as ``spiny crayfish''.	Euastacus	genus
taxon rank	Epitonium jukesianum is a species of very small predatory sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Epitoniidae, the wentletraps.	Epitonium jukesianum	species
taxon rank	Elminius is a genus of barnacles in the family Archaeobalanidae, containing these species:	Elminius	genus
taxon rank	Tarpons are large fish of the genus Megalops; one species is native to the Atlantic, and the other to the Indo-Pacific Oceans.	Tarpon	genus
taxon rank	Senecio pattersonensis is an uncommon species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common names Mono ragwort and Mount Patterson senecio.	Senecio pattersonensis	species
taxon rank	The Nobel Shadowdamsel, (Drepanosticta digna) is a species of damselfly in the family Platystictidae.	Drepanosticta digna	species
taxon rank	Compsomantis crassiceps is a species of praying mantis found in Borneo and Java.	Compsomantis crassiceps	species
taxon rank	Cyrtandra cleopatrae is a species of plant in the Gesneriaceae family endemic to the Philippines.	Cyrtandra cleopatrae	species
taxon rank	Adolphia is a genus of shrubs in the buckthorn family containing only two species.	Adolphia	genus
taxon rank	Euglandina rosea, common names the rosy wolfsnail or the cannibal snail, is a species of medium-sized to large predatory air-breathing land snail, a carnivorous terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Spiraxidae.	Euglandina rosea	species
taxon rank	Nothodiplax dendrophila, the canopy skimmer, is a species of dragonfly in the family Libellulidae.	Nothodiplax dendrophila	species
taxon rank	Aphanizomenon is an important genus of cyanobacteria that inhabits freshwater lakes and can cause dense blooms.	Aphanizomenon	genus
taxon rank	It contains only one species, Paragalasa exospinalis, which is found in Arizona.	Paragalasa	species
taxon rank	Chaetopleura apiculata is a species of small chiton in the family Chaetopleuridae.	Chaetopleura apiculata	species
taxon rank	Forstercooperia is an extinct genus of indricotheriine hyracodontid rhinoceros from the Middle to Late Eocene of Eurasia.	Forstercooperia	genus
taxon rank	Longitarsus violentus is a species of beetle in the subfamily Galerucinae that can be found in Azerbaijan, Georgia, Russian territories such as Buriatia and Dagestan, and in West China.	Longitarsus violentus	species
taxon rank	Tentasetae is a genus of moths of the Erebidae family containing only one species, Tentasetae cambodiana, which is only known from Cambodia.	Tentasetae	species
taxon rank	Rhoetosaurus (meaning ``Rhoetos lizard''), named after Rhoetus, a titan in Greek Mythology, is a genus of sauropod dinosaur from the Jurassic (?Middle Jurassic) of what is now eastern Australia.	Rhoetosaurus	genus
taxon rank	Synodontis longispinis is a species of upside-down catfish endemic to the Republic of the Congo where it is found in the Sangha River.	Synodontis longispinis	species
taxon rank	Bucanetes is a genus of passerine birds in the finch family.	Bucanetes	genus
taxon rank	Notoacmea pileopsis, common name black edged limpet, is a species of sea snail or true limpet, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Lottiidae, one of the families of true limpets.	Notoacmea pileopsis	species
taxon rank	Meyerophytum is a genus of succulent plants of the family Aizoaceae, indigenous to the arid region of the Namaqualand and Richtersveld, in the far north-west of South Africa.	Meyerophytum	genus
taxon rank	Juncus parryi is a species of rush known by the common name Parry's rush.	Juncus parryi	species
taxon rank	Forsskaolea is a small genus of 6 species of perennial herbs in the nettle family with non-stinging hairs and dot-like concretions of mineral matter on their green parts.	Forsskaolea	genus
taxon rank	Toxodontidae is an extinct family of notoungulate mammals known from the Oligocene through the Pleistocene of South America, with one genus, Mixotoxodon, also known from the Pleistocene of Central America and southwestern North America (Texas).	Toxodontidae	family
taxon rank	Artemisia michauxiana is a North American species of wormwood in the sunflower family.	Artemisia michauxiana	species
taxon rank	Tuberoschistura is a small genus of stone loaches found in Southeast Asia.	Tuberoschistura	genus
taxon rank	Rufosophronica rufoflava is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Rufosophronica.	Rufosophronica rufoflava	species
taxon rank	Lepidothamnus laxifolius, commonly known as the pygmy pine or mountain rimu, is a species of conifer in the Podocarpaceae family.	Lepidothamnus laxifolius	species
taxon rank	Neoepinnula is a genus of snake mackerels.	Neoepinnula	genus
taxon rank	Pararistolochia ceropegioides is a plant species of family Aristolochiaceae.	Pararistolochia ceropegioides	species
taxon rank	Oxyophthalmellus somalicus is a species of praying mantis found in Ethiopia, Kenya, Somalia, and Tanzania.	Oxyophthalmellus somalicus	species
taxon rank	Diospyros texana is a species of persimmon that is native to central, south and west Texas and southwest Oklahoma in the United States, and eastern Chihuahua, Coahuila, Nuevo León, and Tamaulipas in northeastern Mexico.	Diospyros texana	species
taxon rank	Aphaerema was formerly a genus of flowering plants in the Flacourtiaceae, consisting of one species of small shrubs, Aphaerema spicata, which is native to Brazil and Argentina.	Aphaerema	genus
taxon rank	Neacomys spinosus, also known as the common neacomys, common bristly mouse, or bristly mouse, is a nocturnal rodent species from South America in the genus Neacomys.	Neacomys spinosus	species
taxon rank	Dictyna szaboi is spider species found in Hungary, Czech Republic, Slovakia and Russia.	Dictyna szaboi	species
taxon rank	Cnidium cnidiifolium is a species of flowering plant in the parsley family, Apiaceae.	Cnidium cnidiifolium	species
taxon rank	Octopus tetricus is a species of octopus.	Octopus tetricus	species
taxon rank	Diplotaxis muralis is a species of flowering plant in the mustard family known by the common name annual wall-rocket.	Diplotaxis muralis	species
taxon rank	Cerobasis denticulata is a species of Psocoptera from Trogiidae family that is endemic to the Canary Islands.	Cerobasis denticulata	species
taxon rank	Histioteuthis heteropsis, the Cock-eyed Squid, also known as the Strawberry Squid, is a species of cock-eyed squid.	Histioteuthis heteropsis	species
taxon rank	Spergularia media (syn. S. maritima) is a species of flowering plant in the Caryophyllaceae (pink family) known by the common names media sandspurry and greater sea-spurrey.	Spergularia media	species
taxon rank	Oreochromis chungruruensis is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Chungruru, a crater lake in Tanzania.	Oreochromis chungruruensis	species
taxon rank	Rhinophylla is a genus of South American bats in the family Phyllostomidae containing these species:	Rhinophylla	genus
taxon rank	Xenotilapia leptura is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Tanganyika where it prefers areas with rocky substrates.	Xenotilapia leptura	species
taxon rank	Justicia cooleyi is a rare species of flowering plant in the acanthus family known by the common name Cooley's water-willow.	Justicia cooleyi	species
taxon rank	Acriopsis indica is a species of orchid in the genus Acriopsis.	Acriopsis indica	species
taxon rank	Aristocleidus is a genus of Monogenea erected by Justus F. Mueller in 1936.	Aristocleidus	genus
taxon rank	Lachnophyllum is a genus of Asian flowering plants in the sunflower family.	Lachnophyllum	genus
taxon rank	Gluta renghas (rengas) is a species of plant in the family Anacardiaceae.	Gluta renghas	species
taxon rank	Enteroctopus megalocyathus, also known as the southern red octopus, is a medium-sized octopus, and the type species for the genus Enteroctopus.	Enteroctopus megalocyathus	species
taxon rank	The Zygophyllales are an order of dicotyledon plants, comprising the following two families:	Zygophyllales	order
taxon rank	Limnephiloidea is a superfamily of Trichoptera, the caddisflies.	Limnephiloidea	superfamily
taxon rank	Ancylomenes holthuisi is a species of marine shrimp in the family Palaemonidae.	Ancylomenes holthuisi	species
taxon rank	Archodontes melanopus is a root-boring species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Archodontes.	Archodontes	genus
taxon rank	It contains only one species, Miarotagmata penetrata, which is found in South Africa and Zimbabwe.	Miarotagmata	species
taxon rank	Neobouteloua is a genus of Argentine and Chilean plants in the grass family.	Neobouteloua	genus
taxon rank	Nuthetes is the name given to a dubious, possibly dromaeosaurid, genus of theropod dinosaur, known only from fossil teeth and jaw fragments found in rocks of the middle Berriasian (Early Cretaceous) age in the Cherty Freshwater Member of the Lulworth Formation in England.	Nuthetes	genus
taxon rank	Penstemon laetus is a species of penstemon known by the common names mountain blue penstemon and gay penstemon.	Penstemon laetus	species
taxon rank	Castilleja arachnoidea is a species of Indian paintbrush known by the common name cobwebby Indian paintbrush.	Castilleja arachnoidea	species
taxon rank	Chimaphila (prince's pine or wintergreen; from Greek: cheima 'winter' and philos 'lover', hence 'winter lover') is a genus of five species of small, evergreen, flowering plants native to temperate regions of the Northern Hemisphere.	Chimaphila	genus
taxon rank	The brown-dotted clothes moth (Niditinea fuscella) is a species of tineoid moth.	Niditinea fuscella	species
taxon rank	Hydrophilidae, also called water scavenger beetles, is a family of chiefly aquatic beetles.	Hydrophilidae	family
taxon rank	Ancylostomia is a genus of moths of the Pyralidae family.	Ancylostomia	genus
taxon rank	Nephtyidae is a taxonomic family of worms.	Nephtyidae	family
taxon rank	Pseudochazara beroe (Herrich-Schaffer, (1844)) is a species of butterfly in the Nymphalidae family.	Pseudochazara beroe	species
taxon rank	Ischnochiton lineolatus, commonly known as the Lined Ischnochiton is a species of chiton in the Ischnochiton genus that lives under rocks in the intertidal waters of southern and south-western Australia, from Bass Strait to the central west coast.	Ischnochiton lineolatus	species
taxon rank	The type species is Tendaguripterus recki.	Tendaguripterus	species
taxon rank	Pseudobrienia is an extinct genus of beetles which existed in what is now Kazhakstan during the middle Late Jurassic epoch.	Pseudobrienia	genus
taxon rank	The Xiphocentronidae are a family of caddisflies.	Xiphocentronidae	family
taxon rank	Yimnashaniana jianfenglingensis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Yimnashaniana.	Yimnashaniana jianfenglingensis	species
taxon rank	Thysanolaena is a genus of plants in the grass family, the only genus in the tribe Thysanolaeneae.	Thysanolaena	genus
taxon rank	Pitcairnia staminea is a species of bromeliad in the genus Pitcairnia.	Pitcairnia staminea	species
taxon rank	Phasmomantis sumichrasti is a species of mantis of the family Mantidae.	Phasmomantis sumichrasti	species
taxon rank	The Umbrella Bulbophyllum (Bulbophyllum umbellatum) is a species of orchid.	Bulbophyllum umbellatum	species
taxon rank	The South Georgia pintail (Anas georgica georgica), also misleadingly known as the South Georgian teal, is the nominate subspecies of the yellow-billed pintail (Anas georgica), a duck in the dabbling duck subfamily Anatinae.	South Georgia pintail	subspecies
taxon rank	Rothschild's rock-wallaby (Petrogale rothschildi), sometimes known as the Roebourne rock-wallaby, is a species of macropod found in Western Australia, in the Pilbara district and the Dampier Archipelago.	Rothschild's rock-wallaby	species
taxon rank	Camponotus reburrus (from Latin, reburrus, meaning one with bristling hair, referring to the hairs on the head) is a species of carpenter ants in the subfamily Formicinae.	Camponotus reburrus	species
taxon rank	Christella cyatheoides is a species of fern found on islands of the central Pacific Ocean.	Christella cyatheoides	species
taxon rank	It consists of only one species, Morionia sciara, which is found in Taiwan.	Morionia	species
taxon rank	The Lami tuco-tuco (Ctenomys lami) is a species of rodent in the family Ctenomyidae.	Lami tuco-tuco	species
taxon rank	Ciliopagurus hawaiiensis is a species of hermit crab native to Hawaii.	Ciliopagurus hawaiiensis	species
taxon rank	Ansonia kraensis (Kra stream toad) is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae.	Ansonia kraensis	species
taxon rank	Crepis occidentalis is a North American species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common names western hawksbeard, or largeflower hawksbeard.	Crepis occidentalis	species
taxon rank	Paraxanthodes polynesiensis is a species of crab found in the French Polynesian Exclusive Economic Zone.	Paraxanthodes polynesiensis	species
taxon rank	Ferret-badgers are the five species of mustelids of the genus Melogale.	Ferret-badger	genus
taxon rank	Clavus exasperatus, common name the exasperating turrid, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Drilliidae.	Clavus exasperatus	species
taxon rank	Prototulbaghia siebertii is the only species in the monotypic genus Prototulbaghia.	Prototulbaghia	species
taxon rank	Melica californica is a species of grass known by the common name California melic.	Melica californica	species
taxon rank	Madia exigua is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common names small tarweed and threadstem madia.	Madia exigua	species
taxon rank	Thrissobrycon pectinifer is a species of characin endemic to Brazil.	Thrissobrycon pectinifer	species
taxon rank	Edentulina usambarensis a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Streptaxidae.	Edentulina usambarensis	species
taxon rank	Pseudocheirus is a genus of ringtail possums (family Pseudocheiridae).	Pseudocheirus	genus
taxon rank	Lusonectes (meaning ``Portuguese swimmer'') is an extinct genus of plesiosaurid from Lower Jurassic (Toarcian stage) deposits of Alhadas, Portugal.	Lusonectes	genus
taxon rank	Parnassius is a genus of northern circumpolar and montane (alpine and Himalayan) butterflies usually known as Apollos.	Parnassius	genus
taxon rank	Conus bengalensis, common name the Bengal cone, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.	Conus bengalensis	species
taxon rank	Eciton is a New World army ant genus that contains the most familiar species of army ants.	Eciton	genus
taxon rank	Krabisuchus is an extinct genus of alligatorine crocodylian that existed in what is now Thailand during the Eocene.	Krabisuchus	genus
taxon rank	Gyrodontium is a genus of fungi in the Boletaceae family.	Gyrodontium	genus
taxon rank	Entyloma is a genus of smut fungi in the family Entylomataceae.	Entyloma	genus
taxon rank	Dendropoma is a genus of irregularly-coiled sea snails known as ``worm shells'' or ``worm snails''.	Dendropoma	genus
taxon rank	Favositella is an extinct genus of bryozoan from the Ordovician, Silurian and Devonian periods.	Favositella	genus
taxon rank	Madurella grisea is a fungal species of the genus Madurella.	Madurella grisea	species
taxon rank	Dolichoderus laotius is a species of ant in the genus Dolichoderus.	Dolichoderus laotius	species
taxon rank	Lobelia cardinalis (syn. L. fulgens, cardinal flower) is a species of Lobelia native to the Americas, from southeastern Canada south through the eastern and southwestern United States, Mexico and Central America to northern Colombia.	Lobelia cardinalis	species
taxon rank	Paraplotosus is a genus of catfishes native to Australasia and South-east Asia.	Paraplotosus	genus
taxon rank	Houlletia is a genus of large-growing epiphytic orchids native to Mexico, and possibly also Guatemala through Central America to Bolivia.	Houlletia	genus
taxon rank	Balsamorhiza deltoidea is a species of flowering plant in the sunflower tribe of the plant family Asteraceae known by the common name deltoid balsamroot.	Balsamorhiza deltoidea	species
taxon rank	Wahiawa Mountain labordia (Labordia lydgatei) is a species of flowering plant in the Loganiaceae family.	Labordia lydgatei	species
taxon rank	Erosaria miliaris, common name the Millet Cowry or the Inocellate Cowry or the Military Cowry, is a species of sea snail, a cowry, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cypraeidae, the cowries.	Erosaria miliaris	species
taxon rank	Morimus funereus is a species of beetle in family Cerambycidae.	Morimus funereus	species
taxon rank	Simmondsiaceae or the jojoba family is a family of flowering plants.	Simmondsiaceae	family
taxon rank	Pholiota gummosa, commonly known as the sticky scalycap, is a common species of mushroom-forming fungus in the family Strophariaceae.	Pholiota gummosa	species
taxon rank	Ematops randalli is a species of viviparous brotula found in the Pacific Ocean around Samoa and Vanuatu where it inhabits reef environments.	Ematops randalli	species
taxon rank	Vanmanenia is a genus of loaches from China and mainland Southeast Asia.	Vanmanenia	genus
taxon rank	Petasina filicina is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Hygromiidae, the hairy snails and their allies.	Petasina filicina	species
taxon rank	Solidago drummondii, commonly called Drummond's goldenrod, is a North American species of flowering plants in the sunflower family.	Solidago drummondii	species
taxon rank	Elimia livescens, common name the liver elimia, is a species of freshwater snail with an operculum, an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Pleuroceridae.	Elimia livescens	species
taxon rank	The Sichuan sika deer (Cervus nippon sichuanicus) is one of the many subspecies of sika deer.	Sichuan sika deer	subspecies
taxon rank	Archaeophis is an extinct genus of snake from the Eocene of Monte Bolca.	Archaeophis	genus
taxon rank	Gordius robustus, a species of horsehair worm, is a parasite of the Mormon cricket, as is Ooencyrtus anabrivorus.	Mormon cricket	species
taxon rank	The Puerto Rican quail-dove (Geotrygon larva) is an extinct species of dove from the genus of quail-doves (Geotrygon).	Puerto Rican quail-dove	species
taxon rank	Tetraplatidae is a family of jellyfish in the order Narcomedusae.	Tetraplatidae	family
taxon rank	†Partula aurantia, common name the Moorean viviparous tree snail, was a species of air-breathing tropical land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Partulidae.	Partula aurantia	species
taxon rank	Asterina gibbosa, commonly known as the starlet cushion star, is a species of starfish in the family Asterinidae.	Asterina gibbosa	species
taxon rank	Calochortus gunnisonii (Gunnison's mariposa lily) is a North American species of flowering plant in the lily family.	Calochortus gunnisonii	species
taxon rank	This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Pleomassaria siparia.	Pleomassaria	species
taxon rank	The coral nudibranch, Phyllodesmium horridum, is a species of sea slug, specifically an aeolid nudibranch.	Phyllodesmium horridum	species
taxon rank	This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Anopeltis venezuelensis.	Anopeltis	species
taxon rank	Laccognathus is an extinct genus of amphibious lobe-finned fish from Europe and North America.	Laccognathus	genus
taxon rank	Hybosida lucida is a species of spider found on Mahe Island in Seychelles.	Hybosida lucida	species
taxon rank	Chamalychaeus miyazakii s a species of tropical land snails with an operculum, terrestrial gastropod mollusks in the family Cyclophoridae.	Chamalychaeus miyazakii	species
taxon rank	Maricopa coquimbella is a species of snout moth in the genus Maricopa.	Maricopa coquimbella	species
taxon rank	Flabellifera is a former suborder of isopod crustaceans.	Flabellifera	suborder
taxon rank	Citharexylum spinosum is a species of flowering plant in the verbena family, Verbenaceae, that is native to southern Florida in the United States, the Caribbean, Guyana, Suriname, and Venezuela.	Citharexylum spinosum	species
voice type	Walter Carringer (September 5, 1924 -- October 22, 2006) was an American classical tenor who had an active career in operas, concerts, and recitals during the 1950s and 1960s.	Walter Carringer	tenor
voice type	Patricia Neway (September 30, 1919 -- January 24, 2012) was an American operatic soprano and musical theatre actress who had an active international career during the mid-1940s through the 1970s.	Patricia Neway	soprano
voice type	Adèle Isaac (8 January 1854 -- 22 October 1915) was a French operatic soprano, active in Paris in the late 19th century.	Adèle Isaac	soprano
voice type	Karen Williams is an American concert and opera soprano.	Karen Williams	soprano
voice type	Raffaele Scalese (1800--1884) was an Italian operatic bass who specialized in the opera buffa repertoire.	Raffaele Scalese	bass
voice type	Domenico Ronconi (11 July 1772 - 13 April 1839) was an Italian operatic tenor who had an active international career in leading opera houses from 1796-1829.	Domenico Ronconi	tenor
voice type	Suzanne Danco (22 January 1911 -- 10 August 2000), was a Belgian soprano whose career encompassed the opera stages of Europe from Mozart to 20th century roles, recitals, recordings of opera and songs, and later teaching.	Suzanne Danco	soprano
voice type	Brandon Jovanovich is an American operatic tenor whose repertoire encompasses Wagner, Puccini, Strauss, Britten, and from early Baroque to world premiere operas.	Brandon Jovanovich	tenor
voice type	Bella Alten (June 30, 1877 - December 31, 1962) was an operatic soprano who performed at the Metropolitan Opera House (39th St) during the early 1900s.	Bella Alten	soprano
voice type	Giovanni Malipiero (April 20, 1906 -- April 10, 1970) was an operatic tenor who enjoyed a prominent career on stage and on radio in his native Italy during the 1930s and '40s.	Giovanni Malipiero	tenor
voice type	Aleksandra Kurzak (born 7 August 1977 in Brzeg Dolny) is a Polish operatic soprano.	Aleksandra Kurzak	soprano
voice type	Emilio Venturini (1878 - 1952) was an Italian operatic lyric tenor known for his portrayal of character roles.	Emilio Venturini	tenor
voice type	Sibyl Sanderson (December 7, 1864 -- May 16, 1903) was a famous American operatic soprano during the Parisian Belle Époque.	Sibyl Sanderson	soprano
voice type	Mario Ancona (28 February 1860 -- 23 February 1931), was a leading Italian baritone and master of bel canto singing.	Mario Ancona	baritone
voice type	Saramae Endich (November 11, 1928 - June 12, 1969) was an American classical soprano who had an active performance career in concerts and operas during the 1950s and 1960s.	Saramae Endich	soprano
voice type	Jane Eaglen (born 4 April 1960) is an English dramatic soprano particularly known for her interpretations of the works of Richard Wagner and the title roles in Bellini's Norma and Puccini's Turandot.	Jane Eaglen	soprano
voice type	Liliane Berton (11 July 1924, Bully-les-Mines, Pas-de-Calais - Paris, 22 April 2009) was a French soprano, known principally on the opera stage, but also active in radio recordings and as a teacher.	Liliane Berton	soprano
voice type	Giovanni Valesi (born Johann Evangelist Wallishauser, Walleshauser or Wellesberger; pseudonym also spelled Walesi or Vallesi) (28 April 1735, Hattenhofen -- 10 January 1816, Munich) was a German tenor.	Giovanni Valesi	tenor
voice type	Noël Ferdinand Lionel Daunais, OC (December 31, 1901 -- July 18, 1982) was a French Canadian baritone and composer.	Lionel Daunais	baritone
voice type	Ara Berberian (b. Detroit, Michigan, May 14, 1930; d. Boynton Beach, Florida, February 21, 2005) was an American bass and actor who had an active international career in operas, concerts, and musicals from the early 1960s until his retirement from the stage in 1997.	Ara Berberian	bass
voice type	Carlo Broccardi (1886-1953) was an Italian operatic tenor who had an active international career during the first third of the 20th century.	Carlo Broccardi	tenor
voice type	Wilhelmenia Fernandez, sometimes billed as Wilhelmenia Wiggins Fernandez, is an American soprano.	Wilhelmenia Fernandez	soprano
voice type	Andrei Bondarenko (born 1987) is a Ukrainian baritone opera singer.	Andrei Bondarenko	baritone
voice type	Risë Stevens (/ˈriːsə/; June 11, 1913 -- March 20, 2013) was an American operatic mezzo-soprano.	Risë Stevens	mezzo-soprano
voice type	Mirto Picchi (March 15, 1915, San Mauro, near Florence - September 25, 1980, Florence) was an Italian dramatic tenor, particularly associated with the Italian repertory, and with contemporary works.	Mirto Picchi	tenor
voice type	Lucy Isabelle Marsh (April 10, 1878 -- January 20, 1956) was an American lyric soprano who made her career as a professional recording artist for the Victor Talking Machine Company.	Lucy Isabelle Marsh	soprano
voice type	Loulie Jean Norman (born in Birmingham, Alabama, on March 12, 1913; died August 2, 2005 in Los Angeles) was a coloratura soprano who worked with arranger Gordon Jenkins.	Loulie Jean Norman	soprano
voice type	Josef Locke (23 March 1917 -- 15 October 1999) was the stage name of Joseph McLaughlin, an Irish tenor.	Josef Locke	tenor
voice type	Zurab Anjaparidze (Georgian: ზურაბ ანჯაფარიძე) (April 12, 1928 -- April 12, 1997) was a Georgian tenor.	Zurab Anjaparidze	tenor
voice type	Maartje Offers (27 February 1891, Koudekerk (aan den Rijn) -- 28 January 1944, Tholen) was a Dutch contralto classical singer.	Maartje Offers	contralto
voice type	Hermann Becht (19 March 1939, Karlsruhe -- 12 February 2009, Marxzell) was a German operatic bass-baritone.	Hermann Becht	baritone
voice type	Roberta Knie (born 1938) is an American dramatic soprano who had a prominent opera career in the United States and Europe that spanned from the mid-1960s through the early 1980s.	Roberta Knie	soprano
voice type	Giacomo Rimini (March 22, 1887 -- March 6, 1952) was an Italian-born, naturalized-American operatic baritone.	Giacomo Rimini	baritone
voice type	Guo Lanying (郭兰英; born December 1929 in Pingyao, Shanxi) is a noted Chinese operatic soprano best known for singing patriotic songs such as ``My Motherland'' (1956) and ``Nanniwan'' (1943).	Guo Lanying	soprano
voice type	Herbert Ernst Groh (27 May 1905 -- 28 July 1982) was a popular Swiss tenor.	Herbert Ernst Groh	tenor
voice type	Alan Crofoot (June 2, 1929 -- March 5, 1979) was a Canadian operatic Heldentenor, character tenor specialist, and actor.	Alan Crofoot	tenor
voice type	Theresia Singer (also known as Teresa Singer) was an operatic soprano.	Theresia Singer	soprano
voice type	Katia Plaschka is a German coloratura soprano who performs in opera, especially contemporary opera, and concert performances of oratorios.	Katia Plaschka	soprano
voice type	Samuel Slack (1757--1822), sometimes known as The Tideswell Vocalist, was a noted bass singer, a native of the Derbyshire Peak District and protégé of Georgiana Cavendish, Duchess of Devonshire.	Samuel Slack	bass
voice type	Reiner Goldberg (17 October 1939 in Crostau, Lusatia, Germany) is a German opera singer (heroic tenor).	Reiner Goldberg	tenor
voice type	Essie Ackland (27 March 1896 -- 14 February 1975) was an Australian contralto who performed ballads, songs and in oratorio and concerts.	Essie Ackland	contralto
voice type	Meta Seinemeyer (September 5, 1895 -- August 19, 1929) was a German opera singer with a spinto soprano voice.	Meta Seinemeyer	soprano
