author	La 628-E8 is a 'novel' by the French novelist and playwright Octave Mirbeau, published by Fasquelle in 1907.	La 628-E8	Octave Mirbeau
author	The Little Locksmith is a memoir by Katharine Butler Hathaway about the effects of spinal tuberculosis on her childhood and adult life.	The Little Locksmith	Katharine Butler Hathaway
author	Time for Bed is a 1996 novel by David Baddiel (ISBN 978-0751519785).	Time for Bed	David Baddiel
author	The Devils of Loudun is a 1952 non-fiction novel by Aldous Huxley.	The Devils of Loudun	Aldous Huxley
author	Mortal Engines is the first of four novels in Philip Reeve's quartet of the same name.	Mortal Engines	Philip Reeve
author	A Step From Heaven is the first novel by An Na, published in 2001 by Front Street Press.	A Step From Heaven	An Na
author	The Rise and Fall of the Confederate Government (1881) is a book written by Jefferson Davis, who served as President of the Confederate States of America during the American Civil War.	The Rise and Fall of the Confederate Government	Jefferson Davis
author	Charlie and the Great Glass Elevator is a children's book by British author Roald Dahl.	Charlie and the Great Glass Elevator	Roald Dahl
author	The Outermost House is a book by naturalist writer Henry Beston.	The Outermost House	Henry Beston
author	There's a Boy in the Girls' Bathroom is a juvenile fiction book from the author Louis Sachar.	There's a Boy in the Girls' Bathroom	Louis Sachar
author	Alphabet of Dreams (2006) is a novel by an American novelist Susan Fletcher.	Alphabet of Dreams	Susan Fletcher
author	Yellow Eyes is a novel in John Ringo's Legacy of the Aldenata series, co-authored with Tom Kratman.	Yellow Eyes	John Ringo	Tom Kratman
author	Seventeenth Summer is a novel written by Maureen Daly and published in 1942.	Seventeenth Summer	Maureen Daly
author	Swallows and Amazons is the first book in the Swallows and Amazons series by English author Arthur Ransome; it was first published in 1930, with the action taking place in the summer of 1929 in the Lake District.	Swallows and Amazons	Arthur Ransome
author	The Canon's Yeoman's Tale is one of The Canterbury Tales by Geoffrey Chaucer.	The Canon's Yeoman's Tale	Geoffrey Chaucer
author	A Child's Garden of Verses is a collection of poetry for children by the Scottish author Robert Louis Stevenson.	A Child's Garden of Verses	Robert Louis Stevenson
author	``The Cop and the Anthem'' is a December 1904 short story by the United States author O. Henry.	The Cop and the Anthem	O. Henry
author	Far from Medina (French: Loin de Médine) is a 1991 novel by the Algerian writer Assia Djebar.	Far from Medina	Assia Djebar
author	Beef, No Chicken is a two-act play by Caribbean playwright Derek Walcott, written in 1981.	Beef, No Chicken	Derek Walcott
author	The Ice People is a 1998 science fiction novel by Maggie Gee, set in a future world dominated by a new ice age.	The Ice People	Maggie Gee
author	The Southern Harmony, and Musical Companion is a shape note hymn and tune book compiled by William Walker, first published in 1835.	Southern Harmony	William Walker
author	Paul et Virginie (or Paul and Virginia) is a novel by Jacques-Henri Bernardin de Saint-Pierre, first published in 1788.	Paul et Virginie	Jacques-Henri Bernardin de Saint-Pierre
author	Pertemuan Jodoh ((pərtəˈmuan dʒɔˈdɔh); English: A Meeting of Soulmates) is an Indonesian novel by Abdul Muis originally published in 1932.	Pertemuan Jodoh	Abdul Muis
author	The Ballad of Abu Ghraib is a nonfiction book by American writer Philip Gourevitch.	The Ballad of Abu Ghraib	Philip Gourevitch
author	Superfudge is a children's novel by Judy Blume, published in 1980.	Superfudge	Judy Blume
author	God of Carnage (originally in French Le Dieu du carnage) is a play by Yasmina Reza.	God of Carnage	Yasmina Reza
author	Princess of the Midnight Ball is a 2009 young adult fantasy novel written by Jessica Day George.	Princess of the Midnight Ball	Jessica Day George
author	Remarks on Colour (German: Bemerkungen über die Farben) was one of Ludwig Wittgenstein last works written during a visit to Vienna in 1950 while dying of cancer.	Remarks on Colour	Ludwig Wittgenstein
author	What's Done in the Dark is a play written and directed by American playwright Tyler Perry.	What's Done in the Dark	Tyler Perry
author	The Diamond Brothers is a series of humorous children's detective books by Anthony Horowitz, the first of which was published in 1986.	The Diamond Brothers	Anthony Horowitz
author	The Sky Lords (1988) is a science fiction novel by Australian author, John Brosnan.	The Sky Lords	John Brosnan
author	Moment in Peking is a novel originally written in English by Chinese author Lin Yutang.	Moment in Peking	Lin Yutang
author	The New Woman (Polish: Emancypantki) is the third of four major novels by the Polish writer Bolesław Prus.	The New Woman	Bolesław Prus
author	The Nano Flower is a novel by Peter F. Hamilton, published on 10 March 1995.	The Nano Flower	Peter F. Hamilton
author	Too Many Magicians is a novel by Randall Garrett, an American science fiction author.	Too Many Magicians	Randall Garrett
author	The Godfather Returns is a novel written by author Mark Winegardner, published in 2004.	The Godfather Returns	Mark Winegardner
author	``Worms of the Earth'' is a short story by American fantasy fiction writer Robert E. Howard.	Worms of the Earth	Robert E. Howard
author	The Marxists is a 1962 book about Marxism by sociologist C. Wright Mills.	The Marxists	C. Wright Mills
author	From Potter's Field is a crime fiction novel by Patricia Cornwell.	From Potter's Field	Patricia Cornwell
author	What Color is Your Parachute? by Richard Nelson Bolles is a book for job-seekers that has been in print since 1970 and has been revised every year since 1975, sometimes substantially.	What Color is Your Parachute?	Richard Nelson Bolles
author	Mad White Giant: a journey to the heart of the Amazon jungle is a 1985 semi-autobiographical adventure novel by British explorer and author Benedict Allen.	Mad White Giant	Benedict Allen
author	``A Hunger Artist'' (``Ein Hungerkünstler'') is a short story by Franz Kafka first published in Die neue Rundschau in 1922.	A Hunger Artist	Franz Kafka
author	Damia's Children is a 1993 science fiction novel by Anne McCaffrey, forming part of the Talent series.	Damia's Children	Anne McCaffrey
author	The first story is ``The Parrot Who Met Papa'' by Ray Bradbury.	The Parrot Who Met Papa	Ray Bradbury
author	Rabindra Chitravali is a four-volume set of books by art historian R. Siva Kumar that contains paintings of Rabindranth Tagore.	Rabindra Chitravali	R. Siva Kumar
author	The Lydian Chromatic Concept of Tonal Organization is a 1953 jazz music theory book written by George Russell.	Lydian Chromatic Concept of Tonal Organization	George Russell
author	Of Whom the World was Not Worthy is an English-language novel written by award-winning American author and psychologist Marie Chapian.	Of Whom the World was Not Worthy	Marie Chapian
author	The Puppet Masters is a 1951 science fiction novel by Robert A. Heinlein in which American secret agents battle parasitic invaders from outer space.	The Puppet Masters	Robert A. Heinlein
author	The Taqwacores is the debut novel by Michael Muhammad Knight, depicting a fictitious Islamic punk rock scene.	The Taqwacores	Michael Muhammad Knight
author	``Once a Week Won't Kill You'' is a short story by American author J. D. Salinger.	Once a Week Won't Kill You	J. D. Salinger
author	Cola Cola jazz is a novel by Togolese author Kangni Alem.	Cola Cola jazz	Kangni Alem
author	Fearless, A Novel of Sarah Bowman is a 1998 novel of historical fiction by Lucia St. Clair Robson.	Fearless, A Novel of Sarah Bowman	Lucia St. Clair Robson
author	The Saxon Stories (also known as ``Saxon Tales''/``Saxon Chronicles'' in the USA and ``The Warrior Chronicles'' and since the BBC TV adaptation as ``The Last Kingdom Series'' in the UK) is a continuing historical novel series written by Bernard Cornwell about 9th and 10th century Britain.	The Saxon Stories	Bernard Cornwell
author	Extra Credit is a 2009 children's novel written by Andrew Clements.	Extra Credit	Andrew Clements
author	Casualties of Peace, published in 1966, is Irish writer Edna O'Brien's fifth novel.	Casualties of Peace	Edna O'Brien
author	The Rain Goddess is a novel by Peter Stiff (ISBN 978-1919854069), set in the war-torn area of Southern Rhodesia's (now Zimbabwe) north-east border.	The Rain Goddess	Peter Stiff
author	The Parasites is a novel by Daphne du Maurier, first published in 1949.	The Parasites	Daphne du Maurier
author	The Strange Death of Tory England is a book of political commentary by the journalist Geoffrey Wheatcroft, published in 2005.	The Strange Death of Tory England	Geoffrey Wheatcroft
author	The Space Merchants is a science fiction novel, written by Frederik Pohl and Cyril M. Kornbluth in 1952.	The Space Merchants	Frederik Pohl	Cyril M. Kornbluth
author	A Card from Morocco is a novel written by author and actor Robert Shaw.	A Card from Morocco	Robert Shaw
author	Hitler's War is a biographical book by David Irving.	Hitler's War	David Irving
author	The Golden Volcano (French: Le Volcan d'or) is a novel by Jules Verne, published posthumously and edited by his son Michel Verne.	The Golden Volcano	Jules Verne
author	El derecho de matar (``The Right To Kill'') is an Argentine novel by Raúl Barón Biza.	El derecho de matar	Raúl Barón Biza
author	NOS4A2 (pronounced Nosferatu) is the third novel by American author Joe Hill.	NOS4A2	Joe Hill
author	Barlowe's Guide to Extraterrestrials is a 1979 science fiction book by artist Wayne Barlowe, with Ian Summers and Beth Meacham (who provided the text).	Barlowe's Guide to Extraterrestrials	Wayne Barlowe
author	The Hot Kid is a novel written by popular, contemporary crime-fiction author Elmore Leonard.	The Hot Kid	Elmore Leonard
author	The Birth of Biopolitics is a part of a lecture series by French philosopher Michel Foucault at the Collège de France between 1978 and 1979 and published posthumously based on audio recordings.	The Birth of Biopolitics	Michel Foucault
author	Mémoires de deux jeunes mariées (Letters of Two Brides) is an epistolary novel by the French writer Honoré de Balzac.	Mémoires de deux jeunes mariées	Honoré de Balzac
author	Chuang Tse and the First Emperor is a novel by Italian writer Anna Russo.	Chuang Tse and the First Emperor	Anna Russo
author	Have You Been to the Beach Lately? is a young adult book of poetry by Ralph Fletcher with photographs by Andrea Sperling.	Have You Been to the Beach Lately?	Ralph Fletcher
author	The Tommyknockers is a 1987 science fiction novel by Stephen King.	The Tommyknockers	Stephen King
author	The Last Space Viking is a science fiction novel written by John F. Carr and Mike Robertson, a sequel to H. Beam Piper's Space Viking, and is set in Piper's Terro-Human future history.	The Last Space Viking	John F. Carr
author	My Son the Fanatic is a short story written by Hanif Kureishi first published in The New Yorker in 1994.	My Son the Fanatic	Hanif Kureishi
author	On Narcissism (German: Zur Einführung des Narzißmus) is a 1914 essay by Sigmund Freud, widely considered an introduction to Freud's theories of narcissism.	On Narcissism	Sigmund Freud
author	Hippias Minor (Greek: Ἱππίας ἐλάττων), or On Lying, is thought to be one of Plato's early works.	Hippias Minor	Plato
author	The Blind Man of Seville is a 2003 crime novel and thriller by British writer Robert Wilson.	The Blind Man of Seville	Robert Wilson
author	While I'm Dead Feed the Dog is a comedic novel written by Ric Browde, published by Harper Collins in 2000.	While I'm Dead Feed the Dog	Ric Browde
author	The Filocolo (orig. Il Filocolo) is a novel written by Giovanni Boccaccio between 1335-36.	The Filocolo	Giovanni Boccaccio
author	``The Inverted Forest'' is a novella by J. D. Salinger, first published in Cosmopolitan magazine in December 1947, and republished in Cosmopolitan's ``Diamond Jubilee'' issue in March 1961.	The Inverted Forest	J. D. Salinger
author	Državna Tajna (English: State Secret) is a book by Semir Halilović, son of Bosnian general Sefer Halilović, published in 2005.	Državna Tajna	Semir Halilović
author	If Women Counted (1988) by Marilyn Waring, former New Zealand Member of Parliament, is an influential book in academic feminism, political economy and feminist economics.	If Women Counted	Marilyn Waring
author	Giacomo Joyce is a posthumously-published work by Irish writer James Joyce.	Giacomo Joyce	James Joyce
author	The Four Reigns (Thai สี่แผ่นดิน, Si Phaen Din), a novel by Kukrit Pramoj, shows how individuals in Thai society adjust to change in the face of historic events.	Four Reigns	Kukrit Pramoj
author	Floating Dragon is the seventh novel by author Peter Straub, originally published by Underwood-Miller in November 1982 and G.P. Putnam's Sons in February 1983.	Floating Dragon	Peter Straub
author	You Must Be Kidding is a crime thriller novel of 1979 by English author James Hadley Chase.	You Must Be Kidding	James Hadley Chase
author	Geography Club is a 2003 young adult novel by American author Brent Hartinger.	Geography Club	Brent Hartinger
author	Amadis of Greece (Amadís de Grecia) is a tale of knight-errantry written by Feliciano de Silva, a ``sequel-specialist'' who continued the adventures of Amadis de Gaula in this ninth installment.	Amadis of Greece	Feliciano de Silva
author	A Shropshire Lad is a collection of sixty-three poems by the English poet Alfred Edward Housman (26 March 1859 -- 30 April 1936).	A Shropshire Lad	Alfred Edward Housman
author	The Cat Who Came to Breakfast (1994) is the sixteenth mystery novel by Lilian Jackson Braun, one of the Cat Who series.	The Cat Who Came to Breakfast	Lilian Jackson Braun
author	Jungle Lovers (1971) is the fifth novel by American author Paul Theroux and set in post-colonial Malawi.	Jungle Lovers	Paul Theroux
author	La Presqu’île (translated as The Peninsula, 1970) is the title of a collection of three short pieces by French writer Julien Gracq that takes its name from its second work, a novella, which is preceded by La Route and followed by Le Roi Cophetua.	La Presqu’île	Julien Gracq
author	La fièvre is the title of a set of short stories written in French by French Nobel laureate J. M. G. Le Clézio and translated into English by Daphne Woodward as Fever and published by Atheneum.	La fièvre	J. M. G. Le Clézio
author	The team first appears in Relative Heroes #1 (March 2000), by Devin K. Grayson and Yvel Guichet.	Relative Heroes	Devin K. Grayson
author	My Year is a book by Roald Dahl and was published in 1993.	My Year	Roald Dahl
author	The Three Evangelists (Debout les Morts) is a 1995 novel by French author Fred Vargas, translated into English in 2006.	The Three Evangelists	Fred Vargas
author	The Red Necklace is a young adult historical novel by Sally Gardner, published by Orion in 2007.	The Red Necklace	Sally Gardner
author	The Viscount of Adrilankha is a fantasy novel published in three volumes and written by Steven Brust.	The Viscount of Adrilankha	Steven Brust
author	Search for a Method or The Problem of Method (French: Questions de méthode) is a 1957 essay by Jean-Paul Sartre in which he attempts to reconcile Marxism with existentialism.	Search for a Method	Jean-Paul Sartre
author	The Eagle Has Landed is a book by British writer Jack Higgins, set during World War II and first published in 1975.	The Eagle Has Landed	Jack Higgins
author	Jack Cross was a comic book series written by Warren Ellis and drawn by Gary Erskine.	Jack Cross	Warren Ellis
author	Dream Stuff is a collection of short stories by the Australian writer David Malouf, published in 2000.	Dream Stuff	David Malouf
author	Modern Dance for Beginners is a play for two people written by British playwright Sarah Phelps.	Modern Dance for Beginners	Sarah Phelps
author	The Last Patriot is a thriller written by American novelist Brad Thor.	The Last Patriot	Brad Thor
author	Dacica (or De bello dacico) is a Latin work by Roman Emperor Trajan, written in the spirit of Julius Caesar's commentaries like De Bello Gallico, and describing Trajan's campaigns in Dacia.	Dacica	Trajan
author	Apartment 255 is a 2001 Ned Kelly Award winning novel by the Australian author Bunty Avieson.	Apartment 255	Bunty Avieson
author	Behind the Evidence is a science fiction novel by authors Amelia Reynolds Long and William L. Crawford writing under the pseudonym Peter Reynolds.	Behind the Evidence	Amelia Reynolds Long	William L. Crawford
author	``The Piece of String'' (French: La Ficelle) is an 1883 short story by Guy de Maupassant.	The Piece of String	Guy de Maupassant
author	The Supernatural Enhancements is a 2014 horror / mystery novel and the English language literary debut of Spanish cartoonist and author Edgar Cantero.	The Supernatural Enhancements	Edgar Cantero
author	The Boy in the Bush is a novel by D. H. Lawrence set in Western Australia, first published in 1924.	The Boy in the Bush	D. H. Lawrence
author	The King of Torts (2003) is a legal/suspense novel written by American author John Grisham.	The King of Torts	John Grisham
author	Mr Ponsonby is the fourth novel from noted New Zealand author Ian Middleton, and is described as ``his eulogy to a gentrifying Ponsonby''.	Mr Ponsonby	Ian Middleton
author	Crucial Instances is Edith Wharton's classic 1901 short story collection.	Crucial Instances	Edith Wharton
author	Sidereus Nuncius (usually Sidereal Messenger, also Starry Messenger or Sidereal Message) is a short astronomical treatise (or pamphlet) published in New Latin by Galileo Galilei on March 13th, 1610.	Sidereus Nuncius	Galileo Galilei
author	The Sheltering Sky is a 1949 novel of post-colonial alienation and existential despair by American writer and composer Paul Bowles.	The Sheltering Sky	Paul Bowles
author	Dark Congress is an original novel based on the American television series Buffy the Vampire Slayer, and is written by Christopher Golden.	Dark Congress	Christopher Golden
author	Jerusalem the Golden is a novel by Margaret Drabble published in 1967, and is a winner of the James Tait Black Memorial Prize in 1967.	Jerusalem the Golden	Margaret Drabble
author	The Power of Shazam! is a 1994 hardcover graphic novel, written and painted by Jerry Ordway for DC Comics.	The Power of Shazam!	Jerry Ordway
author	When Patty Went to College is Jean Webster's first novel, published in 1903.	When Patty Went to College	Jean Webster
author	The Pushcart War is a popular children's novel by the American writer Jean Merrill, illustrated by Ronni Solbert and published by Harper & Row in 1964.	The Pushcart War	Jean Merrill
author	Cutter and Bone is a 1976 thriller novel by Newton Thornburg about a Vietnam veteran, Alex Cutter, who tries to convince his friend, Richard Bone, that Bone witnessed a murder.	Cutter and Bone	Newton Thornburg
author	The Marzipan Pig (1986, ISBN 0-374-34859-6) is a children's book by Russell Hoban.	The Marzipan Pig	Russell Hoban
author	Miniatures Handbook was authored by Jonathan Tweet, Mike Donais, Skaff Elias, and Rob Heinsoo, and published by Wizards of the Coast in October 2003.	Miniatures Handbook	Jonathan Tweet
author	Versuch die Metamorphose der Pflanzen zu erklären, known in English as Metamorphosis of Plants, was published by German poet and philosopher Johann Wolfgang von Goethe in 1790.	Metamorphosis of Plants	Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
author	Family Devotions is a 1981 play by American playwright David Henry Hwang.	Family Devotions	David Henry Hwang
author	The Red Horse (Italian: Il cavallo rosso, 1983) is an epic novel written by Eugenio Corti that follows an industrial family, the Rivas, in Nomana starting from the end of May 1940 through World War II and the new democratic Italy.	The Red Horse	Eugenio Corti
author	The Magic School Bus In the Time of the Dinosaurs is the sixth book in Joanna Cole and Bruce Degan's The Magic School Bus series.	The Magic School Bus In the Time of the Dinosaurs	Joanna Cole
author	The Enemy in the Blanket (1958) is the second novel in Anthony Burgess's Malayan Trilogy The Long Day Wanes.	The Enemy in the Blanket	Anthony Burgess
author	The Comentarios Reales de los Incas is a book written by Inca Garcilaso de la Vega, the first published mestizo writer of colonial Andean South America.	Comentarios Reales de los Incas	Garcilaso de la Vega
author	The Continent of Circe (1965) is a book of essays written by Indian author Nirad C. Chaudhuri that was winner of the Duff Cooper Prize for 1966.	The Continent of Circe	Nirad C. Chaudhuri
author	The Subterraneans is a 1958 novella by Beat Generation author Jack Kerouac.	The Subterraneans	Jack Kerouac
author	Wartime Lies is a semi-autobiographical novel by Louis Begley first published in 1991.	Wartime Lies	Louis Begley
author	The Last American Vampire is an action horror novel by Seth Grahame-Smith and a sequel to Abraham Lincoln, Vampire Hunter, released on January 13, 2015, through New York--based publishing company Grand Central Publishing.	The Last American Vampire	Seth Grahame-Smith
author	Invaders from the Infinite is a science fiction novel by author John W. Campbell, Jr..	Invaders from the Infinite	John W. Campbell
author	``Tradition and the Individual Talent'' (1919) is an essay written by poet and literary critic T. S. Eliot.	Tradition and the Individual Talent	T. S. Eliot
author	My Ishmael is a 1997 novel by Daniel Quinn: a followup to Ishmael.	My Ishmael	Daniel Quinn
author	A Long Way from Chicago is a ``novel in stories'' (or short story cycle) by Richard Peck.	A Long Way from Chicago	Richard Peck
author	In eminenti apostolatus specula was a papal bull issued by Pope Clement XII on 28 April 1738, banning Catholics from becoming Freemasons.	In eminenti apostolatus	Clement XII
author	How German Is It (Wie Deutsch ist es) is a novel by Walter Abish, published in 1980.	How German Is It	Walter Abish
author	The Mangan Inheritance, published in 1979, is a novel by Northern Irish-Canadian writer Brian Moore.	The Mangan Inheritance	Brian Moore
author	The Athenian Murders is an historical mystery novel written by Spanish author José Carlos Somoza.	The Athenian Murders	José Carlos Somoza
author	What Maisie Knew is a novel by Henry James, first published as a serial in the Chap-Book and (revised and abridged) in the New Review in 1897 and then as a book later that year.	What Maisie Knew	Henry James
author	Middlemarch, A Study of Provincial Life is a novel by English author George Eliot, first published in eight instalments (volumes) during 1871--2.	Middlemarch	George Eliot
author	The Castaways of the Flag (French: Seconde patrie, lit. Second Fatherland, 1900) is an adventure novel written by Jules Verne.	The Castaways of the Flag	Jules Verne
author	Charlie Chan Carries On (1930) is the fifth novel in the Charlie Chan series by Earl Derr Biggers.	Charlie Chan Carries On	Earl Derr Biggers
author	Of Walking In Ice is the diary of German film director Werner Herzog published in 1978.	Of Walking In Ice	Werner Herzog
author	The Life and Loves of a She-Devil is a 1983 novel by British feminist author Fay Weldon about a highly unattractive woman who goes to great lengths to take revenge on her husband and his attractive lover.	The Life and Loves of a She-Devil	Fay Weldon
author	Offending the Audience is a play by Austrian writer Peter Handke.	Offending the Audience	Peter Handke
author	William's Doll is a 1972 children's picture book by Charlotte Zolotow about a boy who wants a doll even though dolls typically are considered a toy only for girls.	William's Doll	Charlotte Zolotow
author	Brideshead Revisited, The Sacred & Profane Memories of Captain Charles Ryder is a novel by English writer Evelyn Waugh, first published in 1945.	Brideshead Revisited	Evelyn Waugh
author	Philosophical Explanations is a 1981 metaphysical, epistemological, and ethical treatise by Robert Nozick.	Philosophical Explanations	Robert Nozick
author	The American Prisoner is a British novel written by Eden Phillpotts and published in 1904 and adapted into a film by the same name in 1929.	The American Prisoner	Eden Phillpotts
author	The Roads to Freedom (French: Les chemins de la liberté) is a series of novels by Jean-Paul Sartre.	The Roads to Freedom	Jean-Paul Sartre
author	Scotland's Story is book by Henrietta Elizabeth Marshall first published in 1906 in the United Kingdom and in 1910 in the United States.	Scotland's Story	Henrietta Elizabeth Marshall
author	Once Were Warriors is New Zealand author Alan Duff's bestselling first novel, published in 1990.	Once Were Warriors	Alan Duff
author	``A Legend of Old Egypt'' (Polish: ``Z legend dawnego Egiptu'') is a short story by Bolesław Prus, originally published January 1, 1888, in New Year's supplements to the Warsaw Kurier Codzienny (Daily Courier) and Tygodnik Ilustrowany (Illustrated Weekly).	A Legend of Old Egypt	Bolesław Prus
author	The Adventures of Jodelle (original title Les Aventures de Jodelle) is a 1966 French erotic comic drawn by Guy Peellaert and scripted by Pierre Bartier.	The Adventures of Jodelle	Guy Peellaert
author	``The Mirrors of Tuzun Thune'' is one of the original short stories about Kull of Atlantis, written by American author Robert E. Howard and first published in Weird Tales magazine c. 1929.	The Mirrors of Tuzun Thune	Robert E. Howard
author	Hamlet's Father is a 2008 novella by Orson Scott Card, which retells the story of Shakespeare's Hamlet in modernist prose, and which makes several changes to the characters' motivations and backstory.	Hamlet's Father	Orson Scott Card
author	In Praise of the Stepmother is an erotic novel by Peruvian writer Mario Vargas Llosa, winner of the Nobel Prize in Literature in 2010.	In Praise of the Stepmother	Mario Vargas Llosa
author	The Polysyllabic Spree is a 2004 collection of Nick Hornby's ``Stuff I've Been Reading'' columns in The Believer.	The Polysyllabic Spree	Nick Hornby
author	Lovecraft's Book is a historical novel by author Richard A. Lupoff.	Lovecraft's Book	Richard A. Lupoff
author	Die Hochzeit (The Wedding, WWV 31) is an unfinished opera by Richard Wagner which predates his completed works in the genre.	Die Hochzeit	Richard Wagner
author	Bill Bergson (original Swedish name: Kalle Blomkvist) is a fictional boy detective created by Swedish writer Astrid Lindgren.	Bill Bergson	Astrid Lindgren
author	Executive Orders is a political and military thriller novel by Tom Clancy.	Executive Orders	Tom Clancy
author	The Russian Debutante's Handbook was the debut novel by author Gary Shteyngart, published in 2002.	The Russian Debutante's Handbook	Gary Shteyngart
author	Principles of Mathematical Logic is the 1950 American translation of the 1938 second edition of David Hilbert's and Wilhelm Ackermann's classic text Grundzüge der theoretischen Logik, on elementary mathematical logic.	Principles of Mathematical Logic	David Hilbert	Wilhelm Ackermann
author	My Father's Wives is a novel by the Angolan author José Eduardo Agualusa published in 2008 by Arcadia Books (London, England).	My Father's Wives	José Eduardo Agualusa
author	The Tales of Ensign Stål (Swedish original title: Fänrik Ståls sägner, Finnish: Vänrikki Stoolin tarinat, or year 2007 translation Vänrikki Stålin tarinat) is an epic poem written in Swedish by the Finland-Swedish author Johan Ludvig Runeberg, the national poet of Finland.	The Tales of Ensign Stål	Johan Ludvig Runeberg
author	The Ultimate Revelations is an Islamic science fiction novel by Jamshed Akhtar.	The Ultimate Revelations	Jamshed Akhtar
author	Topless in Philadelphia is a one man comedy stage play by Miles Tredinnick.	Topless in Philadelphia	Miles Tredinnick
author	Missing Kissinger is a second book by Etgar Keret.	Missing Kissinger	Etgar Keret
author	The Hessian is a 1972 novel by Howard Fast set in the time of the American Revolution.	The Hessian	Howard Fast
author	King Leopold's Soliloquy is a 1905 pamphlet by Mark Twain.	King Leopold's Soliloquy	Mark Twain
author	A Christian Turn'd Turk (1612) is a play by the English dramatist Robert Daborne.	A Christian Turn'd Turk	Robert Daborne
author	Six Thinking Hats is a system designed by Edward de Bono which describes a tool for group discussion and individual thinking involving six colored hats.	Six Thinking Hats	Edward de Bono
author	Freaky Friday is a classic comedic children's novel written by Mary Rodgers, first published in the United States in 1972, and adapted for film several times.	Freaky Friday	Mary Rodgers
author	The Pirates! in an Adventure with the Romantics is the fifth novel in Gideon Defoe's The Pirates! series.	The Pirates! in an Adventure with the Romantics	Gideon Defoe
author	Listening for Lions is a children's novel by Gloria Whelan, first published in 2005.	Listening for Lions	Gloria Whelan
author	The Mark of Conte is a children's book written by American author Sonia Levitin.	The Mark of Conte	Sonia Levitin
author	Before I Go to Sleep is the first novel by S. J. Watson published in Spring 2011.	Before I Go to Sleep	S. J. Watson
author	Burning Buildings (full title: Burning Buildings. Lyric of the Modern Soul, Горящие здания. Лирика современной души) is the fifth book by Russian Silver Age modernist poet Konstantin Balmont.	Burning Buildings	Konstantin Balmont
author	The Asylum Seeker (Dutch: De asielzoeker) is a novel by Dutch author Arnon Grunberg.	The Asylum Seeker	Arnon Grunberg
author	Angel and the Ape was a humor comic book created by E. Nelson Bridwell published by DC Comics.	Angel and the Ape	E. Nelson Bridwell
author	The Oeconomicus (Greek: Οἰκονομικός) by Xenophon is a Socratic dialogue principally about household management and agriculture.	Oeconomicus	Xenophon
author	All the World's Mornings (French: Tous les matins du monde) is a 1991 novel by Pascal Quignard.	All the World's Mornings	Pascal Quignard
author	Del-Del is a psychological young adult novel written by Australian author Victor Kelleher and published in 1992.	Del-Del	Victor Kelleher
author	When Things of the Spirit Come First is Simone de Beauvoir's 'first' work of fiction.	When Things of the Spirit Come First	Simone de Beauvoir
author	Children of the River is a young adult novel by Linda Crew published in 1989.	Children of the River	Linda Crew
author	Going Down Fast (ISBN 0-449-24480-6) is a 1969 novel by Marge Piercy.	Going Down Fast	Marge Piercy
author	Phædo or Phaedo (/ˈfiːdoʊ/; Greek: Φαίδων, Phaidōn, Greek pronunciation: (pʰaídɔːn)), also known to ancient readers as On The Soul, is one of the best-known dialogues of Plato's middle period, along with the Republic and the Symposium.	Phaedo	Plato
author	Morning in the Burned House is a book of poetry by Canadian author Margaret Atwood, published by McClelland and Stewart in 1995.	Morning in the Burned House	Margaret Atwood
author	The Mighty Swordsmen is a 1970 anthology of fantasy short stories in the sword and sorcery subgenre, edited by Hans Stefan Santesson.	The Mighty Swordsmen	Hans Stefan Santesson
author	The Strode Venturer is a thriller by Hammond Innes published in 1965.	The Strode Venturer	Hammond Innes
author	In the Teeth of the Evidence is a collection of short stories by Dorothy L. Sayers first published by Victor Gollancz in 1939.	In the Teeth of the Evidence	Dorothy L. Sayers
author	Strangers in Paradise is a long-running, mostly self-published black-and-white comic book, written and drawn by Terry Moore.	Strangers in Paradise	Terry Moore
author	The Threateners is the title of a spy novel by Donald Hamilton first published in 1992.	The Threateners	Donald Hamilton
author	The Grammar of Science is a book by Karl Pearson first published in hardback in 1892.	The Grammar of Science	Karl Pearson
author	The Pacific Between is a romantic coming of age novel by Raymond K. Wong.	The Pacific Between	Raymond K. Wong
author	On the Crown (Ancient Greek: Ὑπὲρ Κτησιφῶντος περὶ τοῦ Στεφάνου) is the most famous judicial oration of the prominent Athenian statesman and orator Demosthenes, delivered in 330 BC.	On the Crown	Demosthenes
author	Mr Olim is a novel by Ernest Raymond, published to critical acclaim by Cassell in 1961.	Mr Olim	Ernest Raymond
author	The Porcelain Fat Lady (Spanish: La gorda de porcelana) is a children's story by the Chilean writer Isabel Allende.	The Porcelain Fat Lady	Isabel Allende
author	Demons of the Deep is a single-player roleplaying gamebook written by Steve Jackson (the American game designer, rather than the series co-creator), illustrated by Duncan Smith and originally published in 1984 by Puffin Books.	Demons of the Deep	Steve Jackson
author	The Road of Bones is a 2006 young adult novel written by Anne Fine.	The Road of Bones	Anne Fine
author	The Lives of Animals (1999) is a metafictional novella about animal rights by the South African novelist J. M. Coetzee, recipient of the 2003 Nobel Prize in Literature.	The Lives of Animals	J. M. Coetzee
author	The Perilous Gard is an American young adult novel by Elizabeth Marie Pope, published in 1974.	The Perilous Gard	Elizabeth Marie Pope
author	Night of Error is a First-person narrative novel written by English author Desmond Bagley, and was first published in 1984.	Night of Error	Desmond Bagley
author	Lost Laysen is a novella written by Margaret Mitchell in 1916, although it was not published until 1996.	Lost Laysen	Margaret Mitchell
author	Mr. Blettsworthy on Rampole Island is a 1928 novel by H. G. Wells.	Mr. Blettsworthy on Rampole Island	H. G. Wells
author	Figure Away, first published in 1937, is a detective story by Phoebe Atwood Taylor which features her series detective Asey Mayo, the ``Codfish Sherlock''.	Figure Away	Phoebe Atwood Taylor
author	Gods and Pawns (ISBN 0-765-31552-1) is a collection of stories written by Kage Baker and published by Tor Books.	Gods and Pawns	Kage Baker
author	A Further Range is a collection of poems by Robert Frost published in 1937.	A Further Range	Robert Frost
author	Dreamtigers, first published in 1960 as El Hacedor (``The Maker''), is a collection of poems, short essays, and literary sketches by the Argentine author Jorge Luis Borges.	Dreamtigers	Jorge Luis Borges
author	Tales from the Heart is the title of a series of comic books, written by Cindy Goff and Rafael Nieves and illustrated by Seitu Hayden.	Tales from the Heart	Rafael Nieves
author	The Wreck of the Zephyr is a children's book written and illustrated by the American author Chris Van Allsburg, first published by Houghton Mifflin in March 1983.	The Wreck of the Zephyr	Chris Van Allsburg
author	Fables and Parables (Bajki i przypowieści, 1779), by Ignacy Krasicki (1735--1801), is a work in a long international tradition of fable-writing that reaches back to antiquity.	Fables and Parables	Ignacy Krasicki
author	Borkmann's Point (Swedish: Borkmanns punkt ) is a prize-winning crime novel by Swedish writer Håkan Nesser, first published in Sweden in 1994 and translated into English by Laurie Thompson in 2006.	Borkmann's Point	Håkan Nesser
author	The Ambassador's Mission is a fantasy novel that was released on May 6, 2010 in hardback by author Trudi Canavan.	The Ambassador's Mission	Trudi Canavan
author	Eleanor Burns self-published her first book Make a Quilt in a Day:	Quilt in a Day	Eleanor Burns
author	Green Rider (titled The Green Rider in some later printings) is the first novel written by Kristen Britain and is the first book in its series.	Green Rider	Kristen Britain
author	Espresso Tales is a novel by Alexander McCall Smith, the author of The No. 1 Ladies' Detective Agency.	Espresso Tales	Alexander McCall Smith
author	The Voodoo Macbeth is a common nickname for the Federal Theatre Project's 1936 New York production of William Shakespeare's Macbeth.	Voodoo Macbeth	William Shakespeare
author	Biographia Literaria, or in full Biographia Literaria; or Biographical Sketches of MY LITERARY LIFE and OPINIONS, is an autobiography in discourse by Samuel Taylor Coleridge, which he published in 1817, in two volumes.	Biographia Literaria	Samuel Taylor Coleridge
author	The Tale of One Bad Rat is a 4-issue comic book limited series by Bryan Talbot.	The Tale of One Bad Rat	Bryan Talbot
author	The Last of Chéri (French: La Fin de Chéri) is a novel written by Colette.	The Last of Chéri	Colette
author	Girl Meets Ghost is a children's novel series launched in 2013 by author Lauren Barnholdt about a tween girl who can see and talk with ghosts as she helps them move on to the afterlife, though what happens when ghosts ``move on'' is unclear.	Girl Meets Ghost	Lauren Barnholdt
author	Moominland Midwinter (Swedish title Trollvinter) is the fifth in the series of Tove Jansson's Moomins books, published in 1957.	Moominland Midwinter	Tove Jansson
author	``Son of the White Wolf'' is an El Borak short story by Robert E. Howard.	Son of the White Wolf	Robert E. Howard
author	King Dork Approximately is a 2014 Young Adult Novel by Frank Portman.	King Dork Approximately	Frank Portman
author	The Lotus and the Storm is a novel about war and its casualties by Lan Cao.	The Lotus and the Storm	Lan Cao
author	A Contribution to the Critique of Political Economy (German: Kritik der Politischen Ökonomie) is a book by Karl Marx, first published in 1859.	A Contribution to the Critique of Political Economy	Karl Marx
author	Ashling is the third book in the Obernewtyn series by Isobelle Carmody.	Ashling	Isobelle Carmody
author	Probability Sun is a 2001 science fiction novel by Nancy Kress, a sequel to her 2000 publication Probability Moon.	Probability Sun	Nancy Kress
author	The Mentality of Apes by Wolfgang Köhler is a landmark work in ethology, cognitive psychology and the study of the anthropoid apes.	The Mentality of Apes	Wolfgang Köhler
author	Coming into the Country is a 1976 book by John McPhee about Alaska and McPhee's travels through much of the state with bush pilots, prospectors, and settlers, as well as politicians and businesspeople who each interpret the state in different ways.	Coming into the Country	John McPhee
author	Iron Empires is a science fiction comic series written and painted by the American artist Christopher Moeller.	Iron Empires	Christopher Moeller
author	``Barn Burning'' is a short story by the American author William Faulkner which first appeared in Harper's in 1939 and has since been widely anthologized.	Barn Burning	William Faulkner
author	Melting Stones, a fantasy novel by young adult author Tamora Pierce, was released by Full Cast Audio as an audiobook original in October 2007, and was released in print form by Scholastic in the summer of 2008.	Melting Stones	Tamora Pierce
author	The Colour of a Dog Running Away is a novel by the Welsh novelist Richard Gwyn published in 2005.	The Colour of a Dog Running Away	Richard Gwyn
author	When Gravity Fails is a cyberpunk science fiction novel by George Alec Effinger published in 1986.	When Gravity Fails	George Alec Effinger
author	The Empty City is a 2012 children's fantasy novel written under the pseudonym Erin Hunter.	The Empty City	Erin Hunter
author	Calico Joe is John Grisham's first baseball novel.	Calico Joe	John Grisham
author	Philosophy of Arithmetic (PA; German: Philosophie der Arithmetik. Psychologische und logische untersuchungen) is Edmund Husserl's first published book.	Philosophy of Arithmetic	Edmund Husserl
author	The Moral Obligation to Be Intelligent is an influential essay, part of the essay collection The Moral Obligation to Be Intelligent, and Other Essays published in 1915 by John Erskine, English professor at Columbia University.	The Moral Obligation to Be Intelligent	John Erskine
author	Place Called Estherville is a novel written by Erskine Caldwell, most famous for his novels Tobacco Road and God's Little Acre.	Place Called Estherville	Erskine Caldwell
author	Three Tales of Horror is an illustrated collection of stories by American author H. P. Lovecraft.	Three Tales of Horror	H. P. Lovecraft
author	Mariana Pineda is a play by the Spanish playwright and poet Federico García Lorca.	Mariana Pineda	Federico García Lorca
author	The novel The Story of the Last Thought (in German Das Märchen vom letzten Gedanken) of the German-Jewish writer Edgar Hilsenrath is about the Armenian Genocide in 1915.	The Story of the Last Thought	Edgar Hilsenrath
author	``Blue Tigers'' (Spanish: Tigres azules) is a short story by Argentine writer and poet Jorge Luis Borges.	Blue Tigers	Jorge Luis Borges
author	Blood Red, Snow White is a historical novel by Marcus Sedgwick published in 2007.	Blood Red, Snow White	Marcus Sedgwick
author	Just Tricking! is the first volume in the Just! series written by Andy Griffiths.	Just Tricking!	Andy Griffiths
author	Gil Jourdan is a Belgian detective comic strip created by Maurice Tillieux.	Gil Jourdan	Maurice Tillieux
author	Ídolos rotos (Broken Idols) is a novel by the Venezuelan writer Manuel Díaz Rodríguez that was published in 1901.	Ídolos rotos	Manuel Díaz Rodríguez
author	Inner Experience (French: L'expérience intérieure) is a 1943 book by Georges Bataille, his first lengthy philosophical treatise.	Inner Experience	Georges Bataille
author	Further Adventures of Lad, also known as Dog Stories Every Child Should Know, is a 1922 American novel written by Albert Payson Terhune and published by George H. Doran.	Further Adventures of Lad	Albert Payson Terhune
author	Silent Interviews is a 1995 collection of written interviews with author, professor, and critic Samuel R. Delany.	Silent Interviews	Samuel R. Delany
author	The Fourth Realm Trilogy refers to the trilogy of books written by pseudonymous author John Twelve Hawks and published between 2004 (in the UK, 2005 in the US) and 2009.	Fourth Realm Trilogy	John Twelve Hawks
author	Animal Ark is a children's book series written by a collection of authors under the direction of Ben M. Baglio using the pseudonym Lucy Daniels starting in 1994.	Animal Ark	Lucy Daniels
author	Studies in the Philosophy of Marxism (Russian: Очерки по философии Марксизма) was an account of a seminar held by Vladimir Bazarov, Alexander Bogdanov, Anatoly Lunacharsky, Jakov Berman, Osip Gelfond, Pavlov Yushkevich and Sergey Suvorov (1869 - 1918) published in St Petersburg in 1908.	Studies in the Philosophy of Marxism	Vladimir Bazarov	Alexander Bogdanov	Anatoly Lunacharsky
author	The Fight for Manod (ISBN 0701208090) is a 1979 novel by Raymond Williams.	The Fight for Manod	Raymond Williams
author	The Valorous Years is a serial novella by A. J. Cronin, initially published in 1940 in Good Housekeeping magazine.	The Valorous Years	A. J. Cronin
author	An Evening of Long Goodbyes is a 2003 comic novel by Irish author Paul Murray.	An Evening of Long Goodbyes	Paul Murray
author	It Happened in Boston? (1968) is a novel by Russell H. Greenan.	It Happened in Boston?	Russell H. Greenan
author	Jhegaala is the eleventh book in Steven Brust′s Vlad Taltos series, set in the fantasy world of Dragaera.	Jhegaala	Steven Brust
author	El Jetón is the final novel published by Salvadoran writer Arturo Ambrogi shortly before his death in 1936.	El Jetón	Arturo Ambrogi
author	Agnes of God is a play by John Pielmeier which tells the story of a novice nun who gives birth and insists that the child was the result of a virgin conception.	Agnes of God	John Pielmeier
author	Tribal Scars is a collection of short stories by Senegalese author Ousmane Sembène.	Tribal Scars	Ousmane Sembène
author	Three Lives (1909) was American writer Gertrude Stein's first published book.	Three Lives	Gertrude Stein
author	The Last Canadian is a 1974 science fiction novel by William C. Heine about the adventures of Eugene Arnprior after North America is devastated by a plague.	The Last Canadian	William C. Heine
author	``Annabel Lee'' is the last complete poem composed by American author Edgar Allan Poe.	Annabel Lee	Edgar Allan Poe
author	The Wanderground is a speculative fiction novel by Sally Miller Gearhart, published in 1979 by Persephone Books.	The Wanderground	Sally Miller Gearhart
author	London Under is a 2012 book by British biographer, novelist, and critic Peter Ackroyd about the history of underground London.	London Under	Peter Ackroyd
author	Haroun and the Sea of Stories is a 1990 children's book by Salman Rushdie.	Haroun and the Sea of Stories	Salman Rushdie
author	Koštana (Serbian: Коштана) is a popular play, written by Borisav Stanković.	Koštana	Borisav Stanković
author	Les Mauvais Rêves (English: Bad Dreams) is the first album in the French comic book (or bande dessinée) science fiction series Valérian and Laureline created by writer Pierre Christin and artist Jean-Claude Mézières.	Les Mauvais Rêves	Pierre Christin
author	The Dream of the Mad Monkey (Le rêve du singe fou) is a novel by Christopher Frank, published in 1976.	The Dream of the Mad Monkey	Christopher Frank
author	Night of the Grizzlies (1969) is a book by Jack Olsen which details events surrounding the night of August 13, 1967, when two young women were separately attacked in Glacier National Park, Montana, by grizzly bears.	Night of the Grizzlies	Jack Olsen
author	Asinaria, which has been translated as The One with the Asses, is a comic play written in Latin by the Roman playwright Titus Maccius Plautus and is known as one of the great works of ancient Roman comedy.	Asinaria	Plautus
author	Meteor! is a 1987 children's picture book by author Patricia Polacco.	Meteor!	Patricia Polacco
author	The Story of a Soul (l'Histoire d'une Âme) is the autobiography of Thérèse of Lisieux, a French Discalced Carmelite nun, later recognized as a saint.	The Story of a Soul	Thérèse of Lisieux
author	The Complete Peanuts is a series of books containing the entire run of Charles M. Schulz's long-running newspaper comic strip Peanuts.	The Complete Peanuts	Charles M. Schulz
author	Woodsong is a book of memoirs by Gary Paulsen.	Woodsong	Gary Paulsen
author	Honus & Me is a children's novel by Dan Gutman, published in 1997, and the first in the Baseball Card Adventures series.	Honus & Me	Dan Gutman
author	Dragonsdale is a fantasy novel written by The Two Steves (Steve Barlow and Steve Skidmore) under the pen name ``Salamanda Drake'' and published by Scholastic in 2007.	Dragonsdale	The Two Steves
author	Those Barren Leaves is a satirical novel by Aldous Huxley, published in 1925.	Those Barren Leaves	Aldous Huxley
author	The Illustrated Bible Dictionary, better known as Easton's Bible Dictionary, is a reference work on topics related to the Christian Bible compiled by Matthew George Easton.	Easton's Bible Dictionary	Matthew George Easton
author	Invasion of the Sea (French: L'Invasion de la mer) is an adventure novel written by Jules Verne.	Invasion of the Sea	Jules Verne
author	Balder Dead is a narrative poem with powerful tragic themes, first published in 1855 by Matthew Arnold.	Balder Dead	Matthew Arnold
author	Mrs. Eckdorf in O'Neill's Hotel is a novel written by William Trevor, first published by The Bodley Head in 1969.	Mrs. Eckdorf in O'Neill's Hotel	William Trevor
author	The Meditations of the Emperor Marcus Aurelius Antoninus.	Meditations	Marcus Aurelius Antoninus
author	Skallagrigg is a 1987 novel written by William Horwood and influenced by Horwood's relationship with his own daughter Rachel, who has cerebral palsy.	Skallagrigg	William Horwood
author	The English Spy is the fifteenth in Daniel Silva's Gabriel Allon series.	The English Spy	Daniel Silva
author	My Name Is Anne, She Said, Anne Frank is a 2003 memoir-book written by Jacqueline van Maarsen.	My Name Is Anne, She Said, Anne Frank	Jacqueline van Maarsen
author	Madame Two Swords is a fantasy novelette by Tanith Lee.	Madame Two Swords	Tanith Lee
author	The Beast House is a 1986 horror novel by American author Richard Laymon.	The Beast House	Richard Laymon
author	``Waterspider'' is a science fiction short story by Philip K. Dick, first published in 1964 in If magazine.	Waterspider	Philip K. Dick
author	The Salt Eaters is a 1980 novel, the first such work by Toni Cade Bambara.	The Salt Eaters	Toni Cade Bambara
author	Safari Adventure is a 1966 children's book by the Canadian-born American author Willard Price featuring his ``Adventure'' series characters, Hal and Roger Hunt.	Safari Adventure	Willard Price
author	The Ship Who Sang (1969) is a science fiction novel by Anne McCaffrey, a fix-up of five stories published 1961 to 1969.	The Ship Who Sang	Anne McCaffrey
author	The Monsters of Morley Manor (sometimes subtitled A Madcap Adventure) is a children's fantasy/sci-fi/horror novel written by Bruce Coville, published in 2001.	The Monsters of Morley Manor	Bruce Coville
author	The Trail of Blood (1931) is a booklet by the Baptist minister, James Milton Carroll.	The Trail of Blood	James Milton Carroll
author	Black Boy (1946) is a memoir by Richard Wright, detailing his youth and his eventual move to Chicago, where he establishes his writing career and becomes involved with the Communist Party.	Black Boy	Richard Wright
author	The Owl Service is a low fantasy novel for young adults by Alan Garner, published by Collins in 1967.	The Owl Service	Alan Garner
author	Zündels Abgang (Zündel's Departure) is the first novel of Swiss writer Markus Werner (1944 in Eschlikon), that was published in 1984 and became a bestseller and enjoys the status of cult novel for a lot of readers.	Zündels Abgang	Markus Werner
author	In the Mouth of the Whale is a 2012 science fiction novel by Paul J. McAuley, the third in his Quiet War sequence.	In the Mouth of the Whale	Paul J. McAuley
author	The Blue Man is a mystery, science fiction novel written by American author Kin Platt.	The Blue Man	Kin Platt
author	One Amazing Thing is a 2010 novel by award-winning novelist and poet Chitra Banerjee Divakaruni.	One Amazing Thing	Chitra Banerjee Divakaruni
author	``Critical Factor'' is a science fiction short story written by Hal Clement, and published in 1953.	Critical Factor	Hal Clement
author	The House of Lost Identity is a collection of short stories by Donald Corley, illustrated by the author.	The House of Lost Identity	Donald Corley
author	Pegasus in Space (2000) is a science fiction novel by Anne McCaffrey, set in her ``Talents Universe''.	Pegasus in Space	Anne McCaffrey
author	Territorial Rights is a novel by Scottish author Muriel Spark published in 1979.	Territorial Rights	Muriel Spark
author	A Lady of Quality is a novel published in 1896 by Frances Hodgson Burnett that was the second highest best-selling book in the United States in 1896.	A Lady of Quality	Frances Hodgson Burnett
author	Holiday at the Dew Drop Inn is the third and final book in the series by Eve Garnett which began with the award-winning The Family from One End Street in 1937, and continued with the long-delayed Further Adventures of the Family from One End Street (published in 1956).	Holiday at the Dew Drop Inn	Eve Garnett
author	The Wives of Israel will be the fourth novel in the Women of Genesis series by Orson Scott Card.	The Wives of Israel	Orson Scott Card
author	Delusion and Dream in Jensen's Gradiva (German: Der Wahn und die Träume in W. Jensens ``Gradiva'') is an essay written in 1907 by Sigmund Freud that subjects the novel Gradiva by Wilhelm Jensen, and especially its protagonist, to psychoanalysis.	Delusion and Dream in Jensen's Gradiva	Wilhelm Jensen
author	The Clean House is a play by Sarah Ruhl, which premiered in 2004 at Yale Repertory Theatre, was produced Off-Broadway in 2006, and has since been produced in many theaters.	The Clean House	Sarah Ruhl
author	Memoirs of Modern Philosophers is a novel by British author Elizabeth Hamilton published in 1800.	Memoirs of Modern Philosophers	Elizabeth Hamilton
author	Antic Hay is a comic novel by Aldous Huxley, published in 1923.	Antic Hay	Aldous Huxley
author	Against Leptines was a speech give by Demosthenes in which he called for the repeal of a law sponsored by Leptines which denied anyone a special exemption from paying public charges (leitourgiai).	Against Leptines	Demosthenes
author	A Decayed Family (Захуда′лый род, Zakhudaly rod) is an unfinished novel by Nikolai Leskov, subtitled ``The Family Chronicles of Princes Protazanov''.	A Decayed Family	Nikolai Leskov
author	The Search for the Red Dragon, by James A. Owen, is a fantasy novel released on January 1, 2008.	The Search for the Red Dragon	James A. Owen
author	Harlot's Ghost (1991) is a fictional chronicle of the Central Intelligence Agency by Norman Mailer.	Harlot's Ghost	Norman Mailer
author	Siebenkäs is a German Romantic novel by Jean Paul, published in Berlin in three volumes between 1796 and 1797.	Siebenkäs	Jean Paul
author	Love Creeps (2005) is the third novel by American writer Amanda Filipacchi.	Love Creeps	Amanda Filipacchi
author	Barbapapa is both the title character, and name of the ``species'' of said character, of a series of children's books written in the 1970s by Annette Tison and Talus Taylor, who resided in Paris, France.	Barbapapa	Annette Tison	Talus Taylor
author	Garden of the Purple Dragon is a children's fantasy novel by Carole Wilkinson, published in September 2005 by Macmillan Publishers.	Garden of the Purple Dragon	Carole Wilkinson
author	Strange Brother is a gay novel written by Blair Niles published in 1931.	Strange Brother	Blair Niles
author	The Last Dodo is a BBC Books original novel written by Jacqueline Rayner and based on the long running science fiction television series Doctor Who.	The Last Dodo	Jacqueline Rayner
author	The Fourth Bear is a mystery/fantasy novel by Jasper Fforde published in July 2006.	The Fourth Bear	Jasper Fforde
author	The Time Machine Did It (ISBN 0-9755799-0-8) is a comic novel by American author John Swartzwelder, known for his work on popular cartoon sitcom The Simpsons.	The Time Machine Did It	John Swartzwelder
author	A Study in Scarlet is an 1887 detective novel by British author Arthur Conan Doyle.	A Study in Scarlet	Arthur Conan Doyle
author	The Kitchen God's Wife is the second novel by Chinese-American author, Amy Tan.	The Kitchen God's Wife	Amy Tan
author	Baby Is Three is a science fiction novella by Theodore Sturgeon, first published in the October 1952 issue of Galaxy magazine.	Baby Is Three	Theodore Sturgeon
author	Shall We Tell the President? is a 1977 novel by English author Jeffrey Archer.	Shall We Tell the President?	Jeffrey Archer
author	A Rather English Marriage is a novel by Angela Lambert, first published in 1992, and later adapted for television by Andrew Davies for the BBC.	A Rather English Marriage	Angela Lambert
author	Scenes of Clerical Life is the title under which George Eliot's first published fictional work, a collection of three short stories, was released in book form; it was the first of her works to be released under her famous pseudonym.	Scenes of Clerical Life	George Eliot
author	Motl, Peysi the Cantor's Son subtitled The Writings of an Orphan Boy (מאָטל פּייסי דעם חזנס; כתבֿים פֿון אַ ייִנגל אַ יתום -- motl peysi dem khazns; ksovim fun a yingl a yosem) was the last novel by the Yiddish author Sholem Aleichem, and unfinished at the time of his death.	Motl, Peysi the Cantor's Son	Sholem Aleichem
author	The Under Dog and Other Stories is a short story collection written by Agatha Christie and first published in the United Kingdom in 1929 by The Reader's Library.	The Under Dog and Other Stories	Agatha Christie
author	The Rider is a short Ruritanian romance by Edgar Rice Burroughs.	The Rider	Edgar Rice Burroughs
author	Little Wizard Stories of Oz is a set of six short stories written for young children by L. Frank Baum, the creator of the Oz books.	Little Wizard Stories of Oz	L. Frank Baum
author	Seven Myths of the Spanish Conquest is a 2003 work by ethnohistorian Matthew Restall in which he posits that there are seven myths about the Spanish colonization of the Americas that have come to be widely believed to be true.	Seven Myths of the Spanish Conquest	Matthew Restall
author	The Killing Star is a hard science fiction novel by Charles R. Pellegrino and George Zebrowski, published in April, 1995.	The Killing Star	Charles R. Pellegrino	George Zebrowski
author	Amnesiascope is a 1996 novel by Steve Erickson.	Amnesiascope	Steve Erickson
author	Flyte is a 2006 children's novel by Angie Sage and the second book in the Septimus Heap series.	Flyte	Angie Sage
author	The Summer Son is a 2011 novel by Craig Lancaster, and the second novel by the author.	The Summer Son	Craig Lancaster
author	The Passionate Pilgrim (1599) is an anthology of 20 poems collected and published by William Jaggard that were attributed to ``W. Shakespeare'' on the title page, only five of which are considered authentically Shakespearean.	The Passionate Pilgrim	William Jaggard
author	Sam Steele's Adventures on Land and Sea is a juvenile adventure novel written by L. Frank Baum, famous as the creator of the Land of Oz. The book was Baum's first effort at writing specifically for an audience of adolescent boys, a market he would pursue in the coming years of his career.	Sam Steele's Adventures on Land and Sea	L. Frank Baum
author	My Father's Glory (French: La Gloire de mon père) is a 1957 autobiographical novel by Marcel Pagnol.	My Father's Glory	Marcel Pagnol
author	Becoming Madame Mao is a historical novel by Anchee Min detailing the life of Jiang Qing.	Becoming Madame Mao	Anchee Min
author	A Treatise on Money is a work on economics by English economist John Maynard Keynes.	A Treatise on Money	John Maynard Keynes
author	Chicken with Plums (Poulet aux prunes in the original French version) is a graphic novel by Iranian author Marjane Satrapi.	Chicken with Plums	Marjane Satrapi
author	The Robe is a 1942 historical novel about the Crucifixion of Jesus written by Lloyd C. Douglas.	The Robe	Lloyd C. Douglas
author	``The Three Clever Kings'' is a children's fairytale from the anthology The Necklace of Princess Fiorimonde that was written by Mary De Morgan.	The Three Clever Kings	Mary De Morgan
author	Midnight's Choice is a fantasy novel for young adults, by Kate Thompson.	Midnight's Choice	Kate Thompson
author	Max and the Cats is a 1981 novella by Brazilian writer and physician Moacyr Scliar.	Max and the Cats	Moacyr Scliar
author	The Octagonal Raven is a 2001 science fiction novel by L. E. Modesitt, Jr.	The Octagonal Raven	L. E. Modesitt, Jr.
author	Mary's Land, by Lucia St. Clair Robson, is a 1995 historical novel, set in the year 1638.	Mary's Land	Lucia St. Clair Robson
author	I Love You, Beth Cooper is a comedy novel written by former The Simpsons writer Larry Doyle.	I Love You, Beth Cooper	Larry Doyle
author	``The Yazoo Queen'' (2003) is a fantasy short story by Orson Scott Card set in his The Tales of Alvin Maker series.	The Yazoo Queen	Orson Scott Card
author	The New Annotated Sherlock Holmes is a series of three annotated books edited by Leslie S. Klinger, collecting all of Arthur Conan Doyle's short stories and novels about Sherlock Holmes.	The New Annotated Sherlock Holmes	Arthur Conan Doyle
author	Funny Money is a farce written by Ray Cooney.	Funny Money	Ray Cooney
author	The Fear Index is a 2011 novel by British author Robert Harris.	The Fear Index	Robert Harris
author	Touch the Dark is the first book in The Cassandra Palmer series, written by best-selling author Karen Chance.	Touch the Dark	Karen Chance
author	The Life Lottery, a futuristic eco-thriller, is the final book in Ian Irvine's Human Rites Sequence, set after the events in Terminator Gene, it is also only published in Australia and currently out of print, but will be re-released as a revised edition in March 2010.	The Life Lottery	Ian Irvine
author	The Fifth Head of Cerberus is the title of both a novella and a single-volume collection of three novellas, written by American science fiction and fantasy author Gene Wolfe, both published in 1972.	The Fifth Head of Cerberus	Gene Wolfe
author	A Sense of Where You Are, by John McPhee, profiles Bill Bradley during Bradley's senior year at Princeton University.	A Sense of Where You Are	John McPhee
author	Jewtopia is a comedic play by Bryan Fogel and Sam Wolfson.	Jewtopia	Bryan Fogel
author	Distrust That Particular Flavor is a collection of non-fiction writing by speculative fiction author William Gibson.	Distrust That Particular Flavor	William Gibson
author	The Ancestor Cell is a novel by Peter Anghelides and Stephen Cole, based on the science fiction television series Doctor Who.	The Ancestor Cell	Peter Anghelides	Stephen Cole
author	Golden Son is a 2015 science fiction novel by American author Pierce Brown, the second in his forthcoming Red Rising trilogy.	Golden Son	Pierce Brown
author	Murder in the Cassava Patch (1968) is a novella by Liberian Bai T. Moore.	Murder in the Cassava Patch	Bai T. Moore
author	Moon Tiger is a 1987 novel by Penelope Lively which spans the time before, during and after World War II. The novel won the 1987 Booker Prize.	Moon Tiger	Penelope Lively
author	Memories of a Catholic Girlhood is the autobiography of Mary McCarthy that was published in 1957.	Memories of a Catholic Girlhood	Mary McCarthy
author	Nerilka's Story is a science fiction novella by the American-Irish author Anne McCaffrey.	Nerilka's Story	Anne McCaffrey
author	``Planet of the Symbiotes'' is a five-issue comic book story-arc written by David Michelinie and published by Marvel Comics in 1995.	Planet of the Symbiotes	David Michelinie
author	Emus Can't Walk Backwards is the sequel to Robert Anwood's 2006 book Bears Can't Run Downhill.	Emus Can't Walk Backwards	Robert Anwood
author	The People of the Abyss (1903) is a book by Jack London about life in the East End of London in 1902.	The People of the Abyss	Jack London
author	Tonight, by Sea is a young adult novel written by Frances Temple, published in 1995.	Tonight, by Sea	Frances Temple
author	Space Viking is a science fiction novel written by H. Beam Piper and is set in his Terro-Human future history.	Space Viking	H. Beam Piper
author	The Theosophical Glossary by Helena Blavatsky was first published in 1892.	Theosophical Glossary	Helena Blavatsky
author	Waiting for Sunrise is a 2012 espionage novel by William Boyd.	Waiting for Sunrise	William Boyd
author	The Blair Years is a book by Alastair Campbell, featuring extracts from his diaries detailing the period during which he worked for Tony Blair.	The Blair Years	Alastair Campbell
author	A Key to the Suite is a novel by American author John D. MacDonald first published in 1962 by Fawcett Publications.	A Key to the Suite	John D. MacDonald
author	The Indigo Spell is a fiction novel written by the American author Richelle Mead.	The Indigo Spell	Richelle Mead
author	Deadman's Road is a collection of one novel and four novellas by American writer Joe R. Lansdale.	Deadman's Road	Joe R. Lansdale
author	Zuiweng Tingji (simplified Chinese: 醉翁亭记; traditional Chinese: 醉翁亭記; pinyin: Zùiwēng Tíng Jì; literally: ``An Account of the Old Toper's Pavilion'') is a semi-autobiographical poem by Ouyang Xiu (1007--1072 CE).	Zuiweng Tingji	Ouyang Xiu
author	My Lord John is an unfinished historical fiction novel by the British author Georgette Heyer, published posthumously in 1975 after her death the previous year.	My Lord John	Georgette Heyer
author	Steps to an Ecology of Mind is a collection of Gregory Bateson's short works over his long and varied career.	Steps to an Ecology of Mind	Gregory Bateson
author	Means of Evil is a collection of short stories by British writer Ruth Rendell.	Means of Evil	Ruth Rendell
author	Straight White Male, a novel by California writer Gerald Haslam, won the Western States Arts Federation Book Award for Fiction and the Foreword Magazine Award in 2000.	Straight White Male	Gerald Haslam
author	Anne of Geierstein, or The Maiden of the Mist (1829) is a novel by Sir Walter Scott.	Anne of Geierstein	Walter Scott
author	Brown Girl Dreaming is a 2014 adolescent novel told in verse by author Jacqueline Woodson.	Brown Girl Dreaming	Jacqueline Woodson
author	Quelques Portraits-Sonnets de Femmes is a poetry chapbook, by Natalie Clifford Barney, with watercolor illustrations by Alice Pike Barney.	Quelques Portraits-Sonnets de Femmes	Natalie Clifford Barney
author	DNA Repair and Mutagenesis is a college-level textbook about DNA repair and mutagenesis written by Errol Friedberg, Graham Walker, Wolfram Siede, Richard D. Wood, and Roger Schultz.	DNA Repair and Mutagenesis	Richard D. Wood
author	The Blue Air Compressor is a short story by Stephen King, first published in January 1971 in Onan Magazine (University of Maine).	The Blue Air Compressor	Stephen King
author	Magic Street (2005) is an urban fantasy novel by Orson Scott Card.	Magic Street	Orson Scott Card
author	Seven Little Monsters is a children's picture book by American author and illustrator Maurice Sendak.	Seven Little Monsters	Maurice Sendak
author	Contre Sainte-Beuve is an unfinished book of essays written by Marcel Proust.	Contre Sainte-Beuve	Marcel Proust
author	The Modern Corporation and Private Property is a book written by Adolf Berle and Gardiner Means published in 1932 regarding the foundations of United States corporate law.	The Modern Corporation and Private Property	Gardiner Means
author	Pirate Freedom (2007) is a fantasy novel by Gene Wolfe about a young man who is transported back in time and becomes a pirate.	Pirate Freedom	Gene Wolfe
author	``The Thriving Cult of Greed and Power'' is an article, written in 1991 by U.S. investigative journalist Richard Behar, which is highly critical of Scientology.	The Thriving Cult of Greed and Power	Richard Behar
author	Sentimental Education (French: L'Éducation sentimentale, 1869) is a novel by Gustave Flaubert, that is considered one of the most influential novels of the 19th century, being praised by contemporaries George Sand, Émile Zola, but criticised by Henry James.	Sentimental Education	Gustave Flaubert
author	The Fourth Philippic is a speech attributed to the Athenian statesman and orator, Demosthenes and given in 341 BC. It constitutes the last of the four philippics.	Fourth Philippic	Demosthenes
author	Arc d'X (1993), by Steve Erickson, is an Avantpop novel.	Arc d'X	Steve Erickson
author	Inside Himalaya is a large coffee-table style book containing pictures taken by Basil Pao, who was the stills photographer on the team that made the Himalaya with Michael Palin TV program for the BBC.	Inside Himalaya	Basil Pao
author	North to the Orient is a 1935 book by the American writer Anne Morrow Lindbergh.	North to the Orient	Anne Morrow Lindbergh
author	Alaler Gharer Dulal (published in 1857) is a Bengali novel by Peary Chand Mitra (1814-1883).	Alaler Gharer Dulal	Peary Chand Mitra
author	Good Morning, Holy Spirit is a best-selling book by Benny Hinn on the person of the Holy Spirit.	Good Morning, Holy Spirit	Benny Hinn
author	Nine Coaches Waiting is a then-contemporary suspense, Gothic Romance novel by Mary Stewart published originally in 1958.	Nine Coaches Waiting	Mary Stewart
author	A Change of Skin is a love story written by Carlos Fuentes about a Mexican writer, and his American Jewish wife.	A Change of Skin	Carlos Fuentes
author	The Shadow of Saganami is a science fiction novel by American writer David Weber, published in 2004.	The Shadow of Saganami	David Weber
author	Marino Faliero, Doge of Venice is a blank verse tragedy in five acts by Lord Byron, published and first performed in 1821.	Marino Faliero, Doge of Venice	Lord Byron
author	Anno Dracula is a 1992 novel by British writer Kim Newman, the first in the Anno Dracula series.	Anno Dracula	Kim Newman
author	7×7 Tales of a Sevensleeper (German: Siebenschläfergeschichten) is a 1985 children's book written by Hanna Johansen.	7×7 Tales of a Sevensleeper	Hanna Johansen
author	A Singular Life is a novel published in 1895 by Elizabeth Stuart Phelps Ward.	A Singular Life	Elizabeth Stuart Phelps Ward
author	Continuidad de los parques, or Continuity of the parks, is a short story in Spanish by Argentine writer Julio Cortázar (1914--1984).	Continuidad de los parques	Julio Cortázar
author	Among the Brave is a 2004 book by Margaret Peterson Haddix, about a time in which drastic measures have been taken to quell overpopulation.	Among the Brave	Margaret Peterson Haddix
author	On Overgrown Paths is the English title of a 1949 novel by Norwegian author Knut Hamsun, and is seen as the author's attempt at proving his soundness of mind after his sanity was called into question.	On Overgrown Paths	Knut Hamsun
author	The Copper Peacock and Other Stories is a short-story collection by British writer Ruth Rendell.	The Copper Peacock	Ruth Rendell
author	Sourcery is the fifth Discworld novel by Terry Pratchett, published in 1988.	Sourcery	Terry Pratchett
author	Inspired Talks (first published 1909) is book compiled from a series of lectures of Swami Vivekananda.	Inspired Talks	Swami Vivekananda
author	The Magic Item Compendium was written by Andy Collins with Eytan Bernstein, Frank Brunner, Owen K.C. Stephens, and John Snead.	Magic Item Compendium	Andy Collins	Owen K.C. Stephens
author	The Jucklins is an 1896 novel by Opie Read.	The Jucklins	Opie Read
author	The Law of Nations (French: Le droit des gens) is a work of political philosophy by Emerich de Vattel, published in 1758.	The Law of Nations	Emerich de Vattel
author	The Colour of Blood, published in 1987, is a political thriller by Northern Irish-Canadian novelist Brian Moore about Stephen Bem, a Cardinal in an unnamed East European country who is in conflict with the Roman Catholic Church hierarchy and finds himself caught in the middle of an escalating revolution.	The Colour of Blood	Brian Moore
author	All Aboard for Ararat is a 1940 allegorical novella by H. G. Wells that tells a modernized version of the story of Noah and the Flood.	All Aboard for Ararat	H. G. Wells
author	Hothouses (or Hot House Blooms, French: Serres chaudes) (1889) is a book of symbolist poetry by Belgian Nobel Laureate Maurice Maeterlinck.	Hothouses	Maurice Maeterlinck
author	Havana Storm is a 2014 mystery novel written by international best-selling author Clive Cussler.	Havana Storm	Clive Cussler
author	The Six Sacred Stones is a novel by Australian thriller author Matthew Reilly.	The Six Sacred Stones	Matthew Reilly
author	The Witchery of Archery, written by Maurice Thompson in 1878, was the first book in English about hunting with a bow ever published.	The Witchery of Archery	Maurice Thompson
author	The Tragedy of the Korosko (1898) is a novel by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle.	The Tragedy of the Korosko	Arthur Conan Doyle
author	Kylie / Fashion is an official fashion photography book about the career of Australian pop singer Kylie Minogue.	Kylie / Fashion	Kylie Minogue
author	What a Week Omnibus Books 4-6 is the second omnibus in What a Week series by Rosie Rushton.	What a Week Omnibus Books 4-6	Rosie Rushton
author	Life Begins at Forty is a 1932 American self-help book by Walter B. Pitkin.	Life Begins at Forty	Walter B. Pitkin
author	The Between is the first novel by writer Tananarive Due.	The Between	Tananarive Due
author	The Tulsi Peeth edition of the Ramcharitmanas is a critical edition of the Ramcharitmanas edited by Jagadguru Rambhadracharya and published by the Tulsi Peeth.	Tulsi Peeth edition of the Ramcharitmanas	Rambhadracharya
author	Boży bojownicy (Warriors of God) is a historical novel with fantasy elements, written by Andrzej Sapkowski.	Boży bojownicy	Andrzej Sapkowski
author	As You Like It is a pastoral comedy by William Shakespeare believed to have been written in 1599 and first published in the First Folio, 1623.	As You Like It	William Shakespeare
author	Curious Notions is an alternate history novel by Harry Turtledove.	Curious Notions	Harry Turtledove
award received	Konstantin Sakaev (Russian: Константин Сакаев; born 13 April 1974 in Leningrad) is a Russian chess Grandmaster (1993), chess author and Russian champion in 1999.	Konstantin Sakaev	Grandmaster
award received	John Hopkinson, FRS, (27 July 1849 -- 27 August 1898) was a British physicist, electrical engineer, Fellow of the Royal Society and President of the IEE (now the IET) twice in 1890 and 1896.	John Hopkinson	Fellow of the Royal Society
award received	Rebati Mohan Dutta Choudhury (1924--2008) was a noted Assamese litterateur, Sahitya Akademi Award winner and an academician basically from Gauripur in Assam, India.	Rebati Mohan Dutta Choudhury	Sahitya Akademi Award
award received	William Sully Beebe (February 14, 1841 -- October 12, 1898) was a Union officer who received the Medal of Honor on June 30, 1897 for his action at Cane River Crossing, Louisiana on April 23, 1864.	William Sully Beebe	Medal of Honor
award received	Italo Gariboldi (20 April 1879 -- 3 February 1970) was a senior officer in the Italian Royal Army (Regio Esercito) before and during World War II. He was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross by German Führer Adolf Hitler, for his leadership of Italian forces in the Battle of Stalingrad.	Italo Gariboldi	Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross
cast member	Sadanandante Samayam is a 2003 Malayalam satirical film directed by Akbar-Jose and starring Dileep and Kavya Madhavan.	Sadanandante Samayam	Dileep	Kavya Madhavan
cast member	The Friends of Eddie Coyle is a 1973 crime film directed by Peter Yates and starring Robert Mitchum and Peter Boyle.	The Friends of Eddie Coyle	Robert Mitchum	Peter Boyle
cast member	It is an adaptation of the iconic 1950s television series The Phil Silvers Show, often informally called Sgt. Bilko, or simply Bilko, and stars Steve Martin, Dan Aykroyd and Phil Hartman.	Sgt. Bilko	Steve Martin	Dan Aykroyd	Phil Hartman
cast member	The Devonsville Terror is a 1983 horror film, directed by Ulli Lommel and starring Suzanna Love, Donald Pleasence, and Robert Walker.	The Devonsville Terror	Suzanna Love
cast member	It is supplemented by CNN World News Asia and CNN World News Europe The show's traditional time run is 24-hours if it is followed by CNN World News Middle East The show's regular presenters include Errol Barnett.	CNN World News	Errol Barnett
cast member	Bone Tomahawk is a 2015 American horror western film directed and written by S. Craig Zahler, and stars Kurt Russell, Patrick Wilson, Matthew Fox, Richard Jenkins, Lili Simmons, David Arquette, Sid Haig and Sean Young.	Bone Tomahawk	Patrick Wilson
cast member	Daring Youth is a 1924 American silent comedy drama film directed by William Beaudine, starring Bebe Daniels, Norman Kerry, and Lee Moran.	Daring Youth	Bebe Daniels
cast member	Blanche Fury is a 1948 British Technicolor drama film directed by Marc Allégret and starring Valerie Hobson, Stewart Granger and Michael Gough.	Blanche Fury	Valerie Hobson	Stewart Granger	Michael Gough
cast member	Lola Montez, the King's Dancer (German: Lola Montez, die Tänzerin des Königs) is a 1922 German silent historical drama film directed by Willi Wolff and starring Ellen Richter, Arnold Korff and Fritz Kampers.	Lola Montez, the King's Dancer	Ellen Richter
cast member	Rajotto is an Dhallywood crime action thriller film directed by Iftakar Chowdhury and produced by Fatman Films.The film stars Shakib Khan and Bobby in lead roles.	Rajotto	Shakib Khan
cast member	Mukhamudra is a 1992 Malayalam-language Indian feature film directed by Ali Akbar, starring Thilakan, Siddhique, Sunitha in lead roles.	Mukhamudra	Thilakan
cast member	Tu Hi Re is a 2015 romantic drama Marathi language film directed by Sanjay Jadhav.Tu Hi Re stars Swapnil Joshi, Sai Tamhankar and Tejaswini Pandit in the leading roles.	Tu Hi Re	Swapnil Joshi
cast member	Kokowääh 2 is a 2013 German film directed by Til Schweiger and is a sequel to the 2011 film Kokowääh.	Kokowääh 2	Til Schweiger
cast member	The Young Philadelphians is a 1959 drama film starring Paul Newman, Barbara Rush and Alexis Smith, and directed by Vincent Sherman.	The Young Philadelphians	Paul Newman	Barbara Rush	Alexis Smith
cast member	Kalangarai Vilakkam (Tamil: கலங்கரை விளக்கம் English: Light House) is a Tamil language psychological thriller film starring M. G. Ramachandran and B. Saroja Devi in the lead role.	Kalangarai Vilakkam	M. G. Ramachandran	B. Saroja Devi
cast member	Periyanna is a 1999 Tamil film directed by S. A. Chandrasekhar featuring Vijaykanth and Suriya in the lead roles.	Periyanna	Suriya
cast member	The Rabanser Case (German:Der Fall Rabanser) is a 1950 West German crime film directed by Kurt Hoffmann and starring Hans Söhnker, Richard Haussler and Carola Höhn.	The Rabanser Case	Hans Söhnker	Carola Höhn
cast member	Subhalekha (English: Wedding Invitation) is a 1982 Telugu comedy drama film which stars Chiranjeevi in the lead role and was made by K. Viswanath.	Subhalekha	Chiranjeevi
cast member	Thirumanassu K. R. Vijaya ...	Thirumanassu	K. R. Vijaya
cast member	It Happened One Sunday is a 1944 British romantic comedy film directed by Karel Lamac and starring Robert Beatty, Barbara White, Marjorie Rhodes, Kathleen Harrison and Moore Marriott.	It Happened One Sunday	Robert Beatty	Marjorie Rhodes	Kathleen Harrison	Moore Marriott
cast member	Affair with a Stranger is a 1953 American comedy-drama starring Jean Simmons and Victor Mature.	Affair with a Stranger	Jean Simmons	Victor Mature
cast member	The Black Bird is a 1975 film released December 25, 1975 starring George Segal and Stéphane Audran.	The Black Bird	George Segal	Stéphane Audran
cast member	The Prairie Pirate is a 1925 American Western film featuring Harry Carey.	The Prairie Pirate	Harry Carey
cast member	Kusruthi is a 2004 Indian Malayalam film, directed by P Anil, Babu Narayanan, starring Jayaram and Kanaka in the lead role.	Kusruthi	Jayaram
cast member	Sathyavan Savithri (Kannada: ಸತ್ಯವಾನ್ ಸಾವಿತ್ರಿ) is a 2007 Kannada comedy film directed by Ramesh Aravind and produced by Ajay Chandani for Ajay Films banner.	Sathyavan Savithri	Ramesh Aravind
cast member	Trooper Hook is a 1957 Western film starring Joel McCrea as the title character and Barbara Stanwyck as the woman he frees from the Indians.	Trooper Hook	Joel McCrea	Barbara Stanwyck
cast member	Twins of Evil is a 1971 horror film by Hammer Film Productions starring Peter Cushing, with Damien Thomas and the real-life twins and former Playboy Playmates Mary and Madeleine Collinson.	Twins of Evil	Peter Cushing
cast member	Love '47 (German: Liebe 47) is a 1949 German drama film directed by Wolfgang Liebeneiner and starring Dieter Horn, Hilde Krahl and Sylvia Schwarz.	Love '47	Hilde Krahl
cast member	Stealing Candy is a 2003 thriller film directed by Mark L. Lester and starring Daniel Baldwin.	Stealing Candy	Daniel Baldwin
cast member	Lily in Love (alternative English title: Playing for Keeps, Hungarian title: Játszani kell) is a 1984 Hungarian-American co-production in English based on a play by Ferenc Molnár, starring Christopher Plummer, Maggie Smith and Elke Sommer.	Lily in Love	Christopher Plummer	Maggie Smith	Elke Sommer
cast member	Double Fattiness (Chinese: 雙肥臨門) is a 1988 Hong Kong comedy film directed by David Chiang and starring Bill Tung, Lydia Shum, Eric Tsang and Maggie Cheung.	Double Fattiness	Bill Tung	Lydia Shum	Eric Tsang	Maggie Cheung
cast member	The Feature is a collaboration between filmmakers Michel Auder and Andrew Neel.	The Feature	Michel Auder
cast member	Wives of Men is a 1918 American silent drama film directed by John M. Stahl and starring Florence Reed.	Wives of Men	Florence Reed
cast member	Smokey and the Bandit is a 1977 American action comedy film starring Burt Reynolds, Sally Field, Jackie Gleason, Jerry Reed, Pat McCormick, Paul Williams and Mike Henry.	Smokey and the Bandit	Burt Reynolds	Sally Field	Jackie Gleason	Jerry Reed	Pat McCormick	Paul Williams	Mike Henry
cast member	Garden of Evil (1954) is a Western film about three somewhat disreputable 19th-century soldiers of fortune, played by Gary Cooper, Richard Widmark, and Cameron Mitchell, who are hired by a woman, portrayed by Susan Hayward, to rescue her husband.	Garden of Evil	Gary Cooper	Richard Widmark	Cameron Mitchell	Susan Hayward
cast member	The Lady and the Hooligan (original title: Барышня и хулиган) is a 1918 Russian silent film directed by Vladimir Mayakovsky and Yevgeni Slavinsky.	The Lady and the Hooligan	Vladimir Mayakovsky
cast member	Ice Kacang Puppy Love (Chinese: 初恋红豆冰) is a Malaysian film directed by and starring Ah Niu.	Ice Kacang Puppy Love	Ah Niu
cast member	The Viking Sagas is an American film from 1995, directed by Michael Chapman, starring Ralf Möller and Sven-Ole Thorsen.	The Viking Sagas	Ralf Möller
cast member	Queen of the Amazons is a 1947 adventure film directed by Edward Finney and featuring Robert Lowery, Patricia Morison and J. Edward Bromberg.	Queen of the Amazons	Robert Lowery	Patricia Morison	J. Edward Bromberg
cast member	The Desert Scorpion (originally titled The Last of the Open Range) is a 1920 western silent film directed by Otis B. Thayer and starring Edmund Cobb and Vida Johnson.	The Desert Scorpion	Otis B. Thayer	Edmund Cobb
cast member	Ilzaam (English: Accusation) is a 1986 Bollywood film starring Govinda in his film debut alongside Neelam, Shatrughan Sinha, Shashi Kapoor, Prem Chopra and Anita Raj.	Ilzaam	Govinda	Shatrughan Sinha	Shashi Kapoor
cast member	Faith Ford as Maggie Winters Shirley Knight as Estelle Winters Jenny Robertson as Robin Foster Alex Kapp Horner as Lisa Harte Brian Haley as Tom Vanderhulst Clea Lewis as Rachel Tomlinson Robert Romanus as Jeff Foster	Maggie Winters	Shirley Knight	Jenny Robertson	Alex Kapp Horner	Brian Haley	Clea Lewis
cast member	A Maori Maid's Love (Originally titled The Surveyor's Daughter) is a 1916 Australian silent film directed by Raymond Longford about an interracial romance between a white man and a Māori girl.	A Maori Maid's Love	Raymond Longford
cast member	City Rats is a feature film set in London, UK , released on 24 April 2009 and starring Tamer Hassan, Ray Panthaki, Susan Lynch, Kenny Doughty, MyAnna Buring, James Lance and Natasha Williams and Danny Dyer.	City Rats	Tamer Hassan	Ray Panthaki	Susan Lynch	Kenny Doughty	MyAnna Buring	James Lance	Natasha Williams	Danny Dyer
cast member	Caged In Paradiso (alternate title Maximum Security) is a 1990 American action film starring Irene Cara, Peter Kowanko, Paula Bond and directed by Mike Snyder.	Caged In Paradiso	Irene Cara
cast member	Vater sein dagegen sehr is a 1957 West German film directed by Kurt Meisel.	Vater sein dagegen sehr	Kurt Meisel
cast member	A Friend of Cupid is a 1925 silent-era British comedy film directed by Leslie S. Hiscott and featuring Sydney Fairbrother and Irene Tripod.	A Friend of Cupid	Sydney Fairbrother	Irene Tripod
cast member	Medusa Challenger (1977) is an award-winning dramatic short film that was Joe Mantegna's first film.	Medusa Challenger	Joe Mantegna
cast member	Make Mine Mink is a 1960 British comedy farce film directed by Robert Asher and featuring Terry-Thomas, Athene Seyler, Hattie Jacques and Billie Whitelaw.	Make Mine Mink	Terry-Thomas	Athene Seyler	Hattie Jacques
cast member	Maharaja Talkies (Malayalam: മഹാരാജ ടാക്കീസ് ) is 2011 Malayalam film, directed by debutante Devidas Chelanatt, starring Mukesh and Urvashi in the lead roles.	Maharaja Talkies	Mukesh	Urvashi
cast member	Snowboard Academy is a 1997 independent slapstick comedy film, starring Corey Haim, Jim Varney and Brigitte Nielsen.	Snowboard Academy	Corey Haim
cast member	Crazy Loka is a 2012 Kannada film starring V. Ravichandran and Daisy Bopanna in the lead roles.	Crazy Loka	V. Ravichandran	Daisy Bopanna
cast member	Siddhu +2 is an Indian Tamil-language romance film written and directed by K. Bhagyaraj, starring his son Shanthnoo Bhagyaraj and newcomer Chandini Tamilarasan in lead roles.	Siddhu +2	K. Bhagyaraj	Chandini Tamilarasan
cast member	I, a Lover (Swedish: Jag - en älskare, Danish: Jeg - en elsker) is a 1966 Swedish-Danish comedy film directed by Börje Nyberg and starring Jørgen Ryg.	I, a Lover	Jørgen Ryg
cast member	The BabaKiuerian government's paternalistic policies are defended by Wagwan, the Minister for White Affairs (Bob Maza) who was based on the then Premier of Queensland, Sir Joh Bjelke-Petersen.	BabaKiueria	Bob Maza
cast member	Operation Petticoat is a 1959 American color comedy film from Universal-International, produced by Robert Arthur, directed by Blake Edwards, and starring Cary Grant and Tony Curtis.	Operation Petticoat	Cary Grant	Tony Curtis
cast member	You're Never Too Young (1955) is a comedy film starring the team of Martin and Lewis, released on August 25, 1955 by Paramount Pictures, and co-starring Diana Lynn, Nina Foch, and Raymond Burr.	You're Never Too Young	Diana Lynn	Nina Foch	Raymond Burr
cast member	Polish Blood (German:Polenblut) is a 1934 musical film directed by Carl Lamac and starring Anny Ondra, Hans Moser and Iván Petrovich.	Polish Blood	Anny Ondra
cast member	Mancuso, F.B.I. stars Robert Loggia as Nick Mancuso, a hardened veteran of the Bureau now assigned to Washington, D.C., where he was largely regarded by his superiors and bureaucratic types as a maverick with little regard for agency rules and procedures.	Mancuso, F.B.I.	Robert Loggia
cast member	Lindsay Hollister as Blubberella Uwe Boll as Adolf Hitler Michael Paré as Commandart Brendan Fletcher as Nathaniel Gregor Arved Birnbaum as Director Willam Belli as Vadge Clint Howard as Dr. Mangler Steffen Mennekes as Lt. Caspar Jaegar Safiya Kaygin as Slutlana	Blubberella	Lindsay Hollister
cast member	Blodsbröder is a Swedish crime film directed by Daniel Fridell starring Liam Norberg , Thorsten Flinck, Sofia Helin, Thomas Hedengran and Noomi Rapace.	Blodsbröder	Thorsten Flinck	Sofia Helin	Thomas Hedengran	Noomi Rapace
cast member	The Girl from Fano (German:Das Mädchen von Fanö) is a 1941 German drama film directed by Hans Schweikart and starring Brigitte Horney, Joachim Gottschalk and Gustav Knuth.	The Girl from Fano	Brigitte Horney
cast member	Street Girl is a 1929 Pre-Code musical comedy-drama film directed by Wesley Ruggles and starring Betty Compson, John Harron and Jack Oakie.	Street Girl	Betty Compson	John Harron
cast member	The Crimson Rivers (French: Les Rivières Pourpres) is a 2000 French psychological horror film starring Jean Reno and Vincent Cassel.	The Crimson Rivers	Jean Reno	Vincent Cassel
cast member	The Blackbird is a 1926 drama film directed by Tod Browning and starring Lon Chaney.	The Blackbird	Lon Chaney
cast member	Sensational Kidnapping (Spanish:Secuestro sensacional) is a 1942 Argentine comedy film directed by Luis Bayón Herrera and starring Luis Sandrini, Elsa O'Connor and Osvaldo Miranda.	Sensational Kidnapping	Luis Sandrini
cast member	The Devil's Hairpin is a 1957 feature film about car racing, filmed in Technicolor and VistaVision, written and directed by Cornel Wilde, who also stars.	The Devil's Hairpin	Cornel Wilde
cast member	Young and Willing is a 1943 American comedy film produced and directed by Edward H. Griffith and starring William Holden, Eddie Bracken, Robert Benchley, and Susan Hayward.	Young and Willing	William Holden	Eddie Bracken	Robert Benchley	Susan Hayward
cast member	The Phantom from 10,000 Leagues is a 1955 science fiction film, directed by Dan Milner, produced by Dan and Jack Milner (two former film editors), starring Kent Taylor.	The Phantom from 10,000 Leagues	Kent Taylor
cast member	Gun Fury is a 1953 3-D western film directed by Raoul Walsh and starring Rock Hudson and Donna Reed, with major supporting roles for Philip Carey and Leo Gordon.	Gun Fury	Rock Hudson	Donna Reed	Philip Carey	Leo Gordon
cast member	Terror in the Sky starred Doug McClure, Lois Nettleton, Roddy McDowall, Leif Erickson, Kenneth Tobey, and Keenan Wynn.	Terror in the Sky	Doug McClure	Lois Nettleton	Roddy McDowall	Leif Erickson	Kenneth Tobey	Keenan Wynn
cast member	Messages Deleted is a 2009 Canadian horror thriller film starring Matthew Lillard.	Messages Deleted	Matthew Lillard
cast member	Robinson in Ruins is a 2010 British documentary film by Patrick Keiller and narrated by Vanessa Redgrave.	Robinson in Ruins	Vanessa Redgrave
cast member	Mark of the Vampire (also known as Vampires of Prague) is a 1935 horror film, starring Lionel Barrymore, Elizabeth Allan, Bela Lugosi, Lionel Atwill, and Jean Hersholt, and directed by Tod Browning.	Mark of the Vampire	Lionel Barrymore	Elizabeth Allan	Bela Lugosi	Lionel Atwill	Jean Hersholt
cast member	Diary of a Mad Housewife is a 1970 comedy-drama film about a frustrated wife portrayed by Carrie Snodgress.	Diary of a Mad Housewife	Carrie Snodgress
cast member	The Sword of the Barbarians (Italian: Sangraal, la spada di fuoco , also known as Barbarian Master) is a 1983 Italian sword and sorcery film written and directed by Michele Massimo Tarantini and starring Peter McCoy and Sabrina Siani.	The Sword of the Barbarians	Sabrina Siani
cast member	True Confession is a 1937 American screwball comedy film starring Carole Lombard, Fred MacMurray, and John Barrymore.	True Confession	Carole Lombard	Fred MacMurray	John Barrymore
cast member	Super Speedway is a 1997 documentary racing film chronicling one man's quest to get his new Champ Car Lola chassis up to speed, and another's goal of rebuilding an old 1964 roadster once driven by the legendary Mario Andretti.	Super Speedway	Mario Andretti
cast member	Starring Sohrab Modi, Khoon Ka Khoon was also the debut in films of Naseem Banu who played Ophelia.	Khoon Ka Khoon	Naseem Banu
cast member	O Teri is a Hindi comedy film released on 28 March 2014 directed by Umesh Bisht and produced by Atul Agnihotri, featuring Pulkit Samrat, Bilal Amrohi, Sarah-Jane Dias, and Mandira Bedi.	O Teri	Pulkit Samrat
cast member	Soldiers and Women is a 1930 Columbia Pictures sound crime, mystery and romance film directed by Edward Sloman and starring Aileen Pringle and Grant Withers.	Soldiers and Women	Aileen Pringle
cast member	The Frankenstein Theory is a 2013 American horror film directed by Andrew Weiner and stars Kris Lemche, Joe Egender, Timothy V. Murphy, and Eric Zuckerman.	The Frankenstein Theory	Kris Lemche
cast member	Sex Positive is a 2008 documentary film directed by Daryl Wein about Richard Berkowitz.	Sex Positive	Richard Berkowitz
cast member	Abosheshey (At the End of it All) is a 2011 Indian film in Bengali starring Rupa Ganguly, Raima Sen and Ankur Khanna in lead roles.	Abosheshey	Raima Sen
cast member	Strawberry Roan is a 1945 British drama film directed by Maurice Elvey and starring William Hartnell - later to become famous as television's first Doctor on the British Sci-Fi series Doctor Who - and Carol Raye.	Strawberry Roan	William Hartnell	Carol Raye
cast member	Aag Aur Chingari is 1994 Hindi language Movie directed by Kanti Shah and starring Asrani, Shakti Kapoor, Paresh Rawal, Kiran Kumar, Ravi Kishan and Sripradha.	Aag Aur Chingari	Asrani	Shakti Kapoor	Paresh Rawal
cast member	The Apparition is a 2012 American supernatural horror film written and directed by Todd Lincoln and starring Ashley Greene, Sebastian Stan, Tom Felton, Julianna Guill and Rick Gomez.	The Apparition	Ashley Greene	Sebastian Stan	Tom Felton	Julianna Guill
cast member	Death to Smoochy is a 2002 American black comedy film directed by Danny DeVito, and starring Robin Williams, Edward Norton, Catherine Keener, Jon Stewart and DeVito.	Death to Smoochy	Danny DeVito	Robin Williams	Edward Norton	Catherine Keener	Jon Stewart
cast member	Legend of the Wolf, alternatively known as The New Big Boss in American and British DVD releases, is a 1997 Hong Kong action-martial arts film directed and produced by, and starring Donnie Yen.	Legend of the Wolf	Donnie Yen
cast member	Broken Bridges is a 2006 film starring Toby Keith, Lindsey Haun, Burt Reynolds and Kelly Preston.	Broken Bridges	Toby Keith	Lindsey Haun	Burt Reynolds	Kelly Preston
cast member	The Empty Gun is a 1917 American silent Western film directed by Joe De Grasse and featuring Lon Chaney	The Empty Gun	Lon Chaney
cast member	Thakshashila is a 1995 Malayalam-language Indian feature film directed by K Sreekuttan, starring Suresh Gopi in lead role.	Thakshashila	Suresh Gopi
cast member	My Bebe Love: #KiligPaMore is a 2015 Filipino film romantic comedy directed by Jose Javier Reyes starring Ai-Ai de las Alas and Vic Sotto with Alden Richards and Maine Mendoza.	My Bebe Love	Ai-Ai de las Alas	Vic Sotto	Alden Richards
cast member	George Washington Slept Here is a 1942 comedy film starring Jack Benny and Ann Sheridan.	George Washington Slept Here	Jack Benny	Ann Sheridan
cast member	Thunder Afloat is a 1939 World War I naval film starring Wallace Beery and Chester Morris.	Thunder Afloat	Wallace Beery	Chester Morris
cast member	After Boston Public was canceled, Chi McBride reprised the role of Steven Harper on an episode of The Practice spin-off series Boston Legal in the episode ``Let Sales Ring'' (season 1, episode 16).	Boston Public	Chi McBride
cast member	On the Downlow is the 2004 debut film of director Tadeo Garcia, a low-budget film starring Michael Cortez and Tony Sancho.	On the Downlow	Tony Sancho
cast member	It was a spin-off from Man About the House and starred Brian Murphy and Yootha Joyce as an ill-matched married couple, George and Mildred Roper.	George and Mildred	Brian Murphy	Yootha Joyce
cast member	He & She stars real-life married couple Richard Benjamin and Paula Prentiss as Dick and Paula Hollister, a successful cartoonist and his wife, a social worker.	He & She	Richard Benjamin	Paula Prentiss
cast member	Half-A-Dollar-Bill is a surviving 1924 silent film drama directed by W. S. Van Dyke and starring Anna Q. Nilsson.	Half-A-Dollar-Bill	Anna Q. Nilsson
cast member	Dhokha is a Hindi film that stars Muzammil Ibrahim and Tulip Joshi in the lead roles.	Dhokha	Muzammil Ibrahim
cast member	Tomb of the Werewolf is the twelfth and last in a long series about the werewolf Count Waldemar Daninsky, played by Paul Naschy.	Tomb of the Werewolf	Paul Naschy
cast member	The Boogie Man Will Get You is a 1942 comedy horror film, directed by Lew Landers and starring Boris Karloff and Peter Lorre.	The Boogie Man Will Get You	Boris Karloff	Peter Lorre
cast member	Hell River, also known as Partizani and The Last Guerilla is a 1974 Yugoslavian partisan film starring Rod Taylor as a Yugoslav raised in America who returns home to fight the Germans as a partisan in World War Two.	Hell River	Rod Taylor
cast member	Anna Karina as Lamiel Michel Bouquet as Le docteur Sansins Denise Gence as La duchesse de Miossens Marc Eyraud as M. Hautemare Denise Péron as Mme.	Lamiel	Denise Gence	Marc Eyraud	Denise Péron
cast member	Unto the Weak is a 1914 American silent short drama film starring Charlotte Burton, William Bertram, Ed Coxen, George Field, and Ida Lewis.	Unto the Weak	Charlotte Burton	William Bertram
cast member	Sila Nerangalil Sila Manithargal (English: Sometimes some people...) is a 1976 Tamil film directed by A. Bhimsingh, based on the same-titled novel by Jayakanthan, starring Lakshmi, Sreekanth and Nagesh.	Sila Nerangalil Sila Manithargal	Lakshmi
cast member	Some of the songs in the film had been created for the original 1931 Broadway musical by Schwartz and Dietz which was also called The Band Wagon, with a book by George S. Kaufman and starring Fred Astaire and his sister Adele.	The Band Wagon	Fred Astaire
cast member	Based on the Imperium Comics series of the same name, Trailer Park of Terror follows six troubled high schoolers and their leader, the optimistic youth ministries pastor, Lewis (Matthew Del Negro).	Trailer Park of Terror	Matthew Del Negro
cast member	The Fortune Code (Chinese: 富貴兵團) is a 1990 Hong Kong action film directed by Kent Cheng, starring Sammo Hung, Andy Lau, Alan Tam, and Anita Mui.	The Fortune Code	Sammo Hung	Andy Lau	Alan Tam	Anita Mui
cast member	They Only Kill Their Masters is a 1972 mystery film starring James Garner and Katharine Ross, with a supporting cast featuring Hal Holbrook, June Allyson, Tom Ewell, Peter Lawford, Edmond O'Brien, and Arthur O'Connell.	They Only Kill Their Masters	James Garner	Katharine Ross	Hal Holbrook	June Allyson	Tom Ewell
cast member	Women for Golden Hill (German:Frauen für Golden Hill) is a 1938 German drama film directed by Erich Waschneck and starring Kirsten Heiberg, Viktor Staal and Elfie Mayerhofer.	Women for Golden Hill	Kirsten Heiberg
cast member	Why Would I Lie? is a 1980 American comedy/drama film about a compulsive liar named Cletus (Treat Williams).	Why Would I Lie?	Treat Williams
cast member	Hollow Triumph ( Reissued as The Scar) is a 1948 American film noir directed by Steve Sekely and starring Paul Henreid and Joan Bennett.	Hollow Triumph	Paul Henreid	Joan Bennett
cast member	Killer Force, also known as The Diamond Mercenaries, is a 1976 thriller film directed by Val Guest and starring Telly Savalas, Peter Fonda and Christopher Lee.	Killer Force	Telly Savalas	Peter Fonda	Christopher Lee
cast member	East of Sumatra is a 1953 Technicolor Universal-International adventure film directed by Budd Boetticher and starring Jeff Chandler and Anthony Quinn.	East of Sumatra	Jeff Chandler	Anthony Quinn
cast member	Say It with Babies is a 1926 American silent comedy film starring Glenn Tryon and featuring Oliver Hardy.	Say It with Babies	Glenn Tryon	Oliver Hardy
cast member	The Amazing Dobermans (re-release title: Lucky) is a 1976 American comedy-crime film starring Fred Astaire, James Franciscus and Barbara Eden.	The Amazing Dobermans	Fred Astaire
cast member	The Imaginatively Titled Punt & Dennis Show, known simply as Punt and Dennis throughout its second series, is a British stand-up and sketch show written by and starring comedians Steve Punt and Hugh Dennis.	The Imaginatively Titled Punt & Dennis Show	Steve Punt	Hugh Dennis
cast member	The film features Rodrigo Noya as Valentín and Carmen Maura as the grandmother.	Valentín	Rodrigo Noya	Carmen Maura
cast member	Asylum of the Damned, Columbia Tristar (2004), also known as Hellborn, CDA Entertainment, is a 2003 horror film written by Matt McCombs, directed by Philip J Jones and starring Matt Stasi and Bruce Payne.	Asylum of the Damned	Bruce Payne
cast member	The Private War of Major Benson is 1955 comedy film starring Charlton Heston, Julie Adams, Sal Mineo and Tim Hovey, about a tough-talking U.S. Army Officer who must shape up the JROTC program at Sheridan Academy, a Catholic boys' military school, or be forced out of the Army.	The Private War of Major Benson	Charlton Heston	Julie Adams	Tim Hovey
cast member	Cain's Hundred follows the life of Nicholas Cain (Peter Mark Richman) a former lawyer for the mob.	Cain's Hundred	Peter Mark Richman
cast member	Nakshatratharattu is a 1998 Malayalam film directed by K. Shankar, and starring Kunchacko Boban and Shalini in the lead roles.	Nakshatratharattu	Kunchacko Boban
cast member	The Passionate Adventure (1924) is a British silent film drama, directed by Graham Cutts and starring Clive Brook and Alice Joyce.	The Passionate Adventure	Clive Brook	Alice Joyce
cast member	The Punk Rock Movie was assembled from Super 8 camera footage shot by Don Letts, the disc jockey at The Roxy club during the early days of the UK punk rock movement, principally during the 100 days in 1977 in which punk acts were featured at The Roxy club in London.	The Punk Rock Movie	Don Letts
cast member	White Heat is a 1949 film noir starring James Cagney, Virginia Mayo and Edmond O'Brien and featuring Margaret Wycherly and Steve Cochran.	White Heat	James Cagney	Virginia Mayo	Edmond O'Brien	Margaret Wycherly	Steve Cochran
cast member	Wrong Side of Town is a 2010 American action film written, produced and directed by David DeFalco, and scored by Jim Kaufman, and starring Rob Van Dam and David Bautista.	Wrong Side of Town	Rob Van Dam
cast member	Montana Moon is a 1930 Pre-Code comedy, drama, musical, western film starring Joan Crawford, Johnny Mack Brown, and Ricardo Cortez.	Montana Moon	Joan Crawford	Johnny Mack Brown	Ricardo Cortez
cast member	Women in Trouble is a 2009 American comedy film, written and directed by Sebastián Gutiérrez, and starring a cast consisting of Carla Gugino, Adrianne Palicki, Marley Shelton, Connie Britton and Emmanuelle Chriqui.	Women in Trouble	Carla Gugino	Adrianne Palicki	Marley Shelton	Connie Britton	Emmanuelle Chriqui
cast member	Her Gallant Knights is a 1913 American silent short romantic comedy film starring William Garwood, Riley Chamberlin, James Cruze, Florence La Badie and Frank Urson.	Her Gallant Knights	William Garwood	Riley Chamberlin	James Cruze	Florence La Badie
cast member	The Caterpillar Wish (also known as Caterpillar Wish) is a 2006 Australian coming-of-age film, directed by Sandra Sciberras and starring and ensemble cast including Victoria Thaine, Susie Porter and Philip Quast.	The Caterpillar Wish	Victoria Thaine	Susie Porter	Philip Quast
cast member	Tragic Spell (Italian:Incantessimo Tragico) is a 1951 Italian historical drama film directed by Mario Sequi and starring María Félix, Rossano Brazzi and Massimo Serato.	Tragic Spell	María Félix	Rossano Brazzi	Massimo Serato
cast member	The Hate That Hate Produced included interviews between Lomax and Elijah Muhammad, the leader of the Nation of Islam.	The Hate That Hate Produced	Elijah Muhammad
cast member	Sindooracheppu is a 1971 Indian Malayalam film, directed by Madhu and produced by Yusufali Kecheri.	Sindooracheppu	Madhu
cast member	His Sudden Recovery is a 1914 American silent comedy film featuring Oliver Hardy.	His Sudden Recovery	Oliver Hardy
cast member	When the Kellys Were Out is an Australian feature-length film directed by Harry Southwell about Ned Kelly.	When the Kellys Were Out	Harry Southwell
cast member	Murder in Soho is a 1939 British crime film directed by Norman Lee and starring Jack La Rue, Sandra Storme, Googie Withers and Bernard Lee.	Murder in Soho	Jack La Rue	Googie Withers	Bernard Lee
cast member	She Couldn't Take It is a 1935 comedy film made at Columbia Pictures, directed by Tay Garnett, written by C. Graham Baker, Gene Towne and Oliver H.P. Garrett, and starring George Raft and Joan Bennett.	She Couldn't Take It	George Raft	Joan Bennett
cast member	I Love You, Don't Touch Me! is a 1997 independent film starring Marla Schaffel and Mitchell Whitfield and written and directed by Julie Davis.	I Love You, Don't Touch Me!	Marla Schaffel	Mitchell Whitfield
cast member	Raja Aur Runk is a 1968 Bollywood film, directed by Kotayya Pratyagatma and starring Sanjeev Kumar and Kumkum.	Raja Aur Runk	Sanjeev Kumar	Kumkum
cast member	Frankie and Johnny Are Married is a 2003 comedy film written and directed by Michael Pressman, starring Pressman as well as Lisa Chess and Alan Rosenberg.	Frankie and Johnny Are Married	Alan Rosenberg
cast member	Live, Love and Learn is a 1937 romantic comedy film starring Robert Montgomery, Rosalind Russell, and Robert Benchley.	Live, Love and Learn	Robert Montgomery	Rosalind Russell	Robert Benchley
cast member	The Midnight Story (also known as Appointment with a Shadow in the UK and The Eyes of Father Tomasino in Australia) is a 1957 film noir starring Tony Curtis about a traffic cop who becomes obsessed with finding the murderer of a beloved priest.	The Midnight Story	Tony Curtis
cast member	Solaikuyil is a 1989 Indian Tamil film, directed by Rajan, starring Karthik, Ragini Karthik and Radha Ravi in lead roles.	Solaikuyil	Karthik
cast member	The Devil Commands is a 1941 American horror film directed by Edward Dmytryk and starring Boris Karloff.	The Devil Commands	Boris Karloff
cast member	Westward the Women is a 1951 western film directed by William A. Wellman and starring Robert Taylor, Denise Darcel and John McIntire.	Westward the Women	Robert Taylor	Denise Darcel	John McIntire
cast member	Aadamkhor is 1986 Hindi language movie directed by Joginder and starring C S Aasie, Sunil Dhawan, Ranjeet, Pinchoo Kapoor, Shahid Bijnori, Iqbal Durrani, Ved Goswami, Jogdarshan, Jaggu, Uma Khosla, Sadhana Khote, Kundan, Nazneen, Neelam Mehra, Randhawa.	Aadamkhor	Ranjeet
cast member	Northern Pursuit is a 1943 World War II film directed by Raoul Walsh and starring Errol Flynn as a member of the Royal Canadian Mounted Police who tries to uncover a Nazi plot against the Allied war effort.	Northern Pursuit	Errol Flynn
cast member	King of Beggars is a 1992 Hong Kong martial arts comedy film directed by Gordon Chan, starring Stephen Chow, Sharla Cheung, Ng Man-tat and Norman Tsui.	King of Beggars	Stephen Chow	Sharla Cheung	Ng Man-tat
cast member	Saviour of the Soul is the first film produced by star Andy Lau's film company Teamwork Motion Pictures, and was a critical and commercial success, grossing over HK$20 million at the Hong Kong box office.	Saviour of the Soul	Andy Lau
cast member	Taryanche Bait (Marathi: ताऱ्यांचे बेट, English: Island of Stars) is a 2011 Marathi film directed by Kiran Yadnyopavit starring Sachin Khedekar, Vinay Apte, Ashwini Giri and Ashmita Joglekar in lead roles.	Taryanche Bait	Vinay Apte
cast member	Uyirodu Uyiraga (Tamil: உயிரோடு உயிராக) is a 1998 Tamil film directed by Sushma Ahuja starring Ajith Kumar and Richa Ahuja in the main roles.	Uyirodu Uyiraga	Ajith Kumar
cast member	Live at the Sugar Club is the name of a DVD and CD set released by singer/songwriter Sinéad O'Connor in 2008.	Live at the Sugar Club	Sinéad O'Connor
cast member	Proud and Confident is a 1989 Hong Kong action film directed by King Lee and starring Andy Lau, Rosamund Kwan and Michael Miu.	Proud and Confident	Andy Lau
cast member	Princess Trulala (German: Prinzessin Trulala) is a 1926 German silent comedy film directed by Erich Schönfelder and Richard Eichberg and starring Lilian Harvey, Dina Gralla and Harry Halm.	Princess Trulala	Lilian Harvey
cast member	Fires of Innocence is a 1922 British silent drama film directed by Sidney Morgan and starring Joan Morgan, Bobby Andrews and Arthur Lennard.	Fires of Innocence	Joan Morgan
cast member	Youth Runs Wild is a 1944 B movie about unattentive parents and juvenile delinquency, produced by Val Lewton, directed by Mark Robson and starring Bonita Granville, Kent Smith, Jean Brooks, Glen Vernon and Vanessa Brown.	Youth Runs Wild	Bonita Granville	Kent Smith	Jean Brooks	Vanessa Brown
cast member	Thank You Mask Man is an animated short film based upon a comedy routine by Lenny Bruce involving The Lone Ranger and Tonto.	Thank You Mask Man	Lenny Bruce
cast member	Wiseguy featured Ken Wahl as Vinnie Terranova, a deep cover operative for the fictional Organized Crime Task Force division of the FBI.	Wiseguy	Ken Wahl
cast member	Soledad's Shawl (Spanish:El rebozo de Soledad) is a 1952 Mexican western film directed by Roberto Gavaldón and starring Arturo de Córdova, Pedro Armendáriz and Estela Inda.	Soledad's Shawl	Arturo de Córdova
cast member	Splinters in the Navy (1931) is a British comedy film directed by Walter Forde and starring Sydney Howard, Alf Goddard, and Helena Pickard.	Splinters in the Navy	Sydney Howard	Alf Goddard	Helena Pickard
cast member	Aparichita (Kannada: ಅಪರಿಚಿತ) is a 1978 Kannada, suspense oriented, thriller movie directed by Kashinath, starring Suresh Heblikar, Sobha, M. V. Vasudeva Rao and Mohan.	Aparichita	Suresh Heblikar
cast member	Truman X (voiced by Jansen Panettiere) - The X's youngest son and technology expert.	The X's	Jansen Panettiere
cast member	Pagan Love Song is a musical romance film released by MGM in 1950 and starring Esther Williams and Howard Keel.	Pagan Love Song	Esther Williams	Howard Keel
cast member	Women Talking Dirty is a 1999 Scottish comedy film starring Helena Bonham Carter and Gina McKee.	Women Talking Dirty	Helena Bonham Carter	Gina McKee
cast member	Seven Times Seven (Italian: Sette volte sette) is a 1968 Italian crime comedy caper directed by Michele Lupo and starring Gastone Moschin.	Seven Times Seven	Gastone Moschin
cast member	Calling Dr. Gillespie is a 1942 drama film directed by Harold S. Bucquet, starring Lionel Barrymore, Donna Reed and Philip Dorn.	Calling Dr. Gillespie	Lionel Barrymore	Donna Reed	Philip Dorn
cast member	Man on a Ledge is a 2012 American thriller film directed by Asger Leth, starring Sam Worthington, Elizabeth Banks, Jamie Bell, Edward Burns, Anthony Mackie, Génesis Rodríguez and Ed Harris.	Man on a Ledge	Sam Worthington	Elizabeth Banks	Jamie Bell	Edward Burns	Anthony Mackie	Génesis Rodríguez	Ed Harris
cast member	Fool Circle (French: Tristesse Club) is a 2014 French comedy-drama film directed by Vincent Mariette and starring Ludivine Sagnier, Laurent Lafitte and Vincent Macaigne.	Fool Circle	Ludivine Sagnier	Laurent Lafitte	Vincent Macaigne
cast member	My Big Father is a Malayalam movie by Mahesh P. Sreenivasan starring Jayaram and Guinness Pakru.	My Big Father	Jayaram	Guinness Pakru
cast member	The Adventures of Barry McKenzie is a 1972 Australian film starring Barry Crocker, telling the story of an Australian 'yobbo' on his travels to the United Kingdom.	The Adventures of Barry McKenzie	Barry Crocker
cast member	Violent Saturday is a 1955 American crime drama directed by Richard Fleischer and starring Victor Mature, Lee Marvin, Richard Egan and Stephen McNally.	Violent Saturday	Victor Mature	Lee Marvin	Richard Egan	Stephen McNally
cast member	Night Key is a science fiction crime film starring Boris Karloff and released by Universal Pictures in 1937.	Night Key	Boris Karloff
cast member	Khuda Kay Liye (Urdu: خُدا کے لیئے‎, literal translation: For God's Sake, English title: In The Name Of God) is a 2007 Pakistani Urdu-language drama film written, directed and produced by Shoaib Mansoor, starring Shaan, Iman Ali, Fawad Afzal Khan and Hameed Sheikh.	Khuda Kay Liye	Iman Ali	Fawad Afzal Khan	Hameed Sheikh
cast member	We Were Seven Sisters (Italian: Eravamo sette sorelle) is a 1939 Italian romance film directed by Mario Mattoli and starring Antonio Gandusio.	We Were Seven Sisters	Antonio Gandusio
cast member	Picnic at Hanging Rock is a 1975 Australian mystery drama film directed by Peter Weir and starring Anne-Louise Lambert, Helen Morse, Rachel Roberts, Vivean Gray and Dominic Guard.	Picnic at Hanging Rock	Anne-Louise Lambert	Helen Morse	Rachel Roberts	Vivean Gray	Dominic Guard
cast member	The series stars character actor Dabney Coleman as Jack ``Madman'' Buckner, an outspoken newspaper columnist who had written a popular column, Madman of the People, in Your Times magazine for 30 years.	Madman of the People	Dabney Coleman
cast member	Affair in Trinidad is a 1952 film noir produced by Hayworth's Beckworth Corporation, released by Columbia Pictures, and starring Rita Hayworth and Glenn Ford.	Affair in Trinidad	Rita Hayworth	Glenn Ford
cast member	633 Squadron is a 1964 British film, which depicts the exploits of a fictional Second World War British fighter-bomber squadron and stars Cliff Robertson, George Chakiris and Maria Perschy.	633 Squadron	Cliff Robertson	George Chakiris	Maria Perschy
cast member	Oru Kaidhiyin Diary (English: A Prisoner's Diary) is a 1985 Tamil-language Indian feature film directed by Bharathiraaja, starring Kamal Haasan in the lead role of the protagonist.	Oru Kaidhiyin Diary	Kamal Haasan
cast member	The Thunderstorm is a 1957 Hong Kong drama film directed by Ng Wui and starring Bruce Lee based on the play Thunderstorm by Chinese dramatist Cao Yu.	The Thunderstorm	Bruce Lee
cast member	The Green Glove (aka The White Road) is a 1952 French/American international co-production film noir directed by Rudolph Maté and starring Glenn Ford, Geraldine Brooks, Sir Cedric Hardwicke and George Macready.	The Green Glove	Glenn Ford	Geraldine Brooks	Cedric Hardwicke	George Macready
cast member	Nice Bombs is a 2006 documentary film directed by Iraqi-American filmmaker Usama Alshaibi about his return to his home country to visit his family after the 2003 invasion of Iraq.	Nice Bombs	Usama Alshaibi
cast member	The Doorway to Hell is a 1930 American Pre-Code crime film directed by Archie Mayo and starring Lew Ayres and James Cagney, in his second film role.	The Doorway to Hell	Lew Ayres	James Cagney
cast member	The Sleeping Dictionary is a 2003 American romantic drama film written and directed by Guy Jenkin and starring Hugh Dancy, Jessica Alba, Brenda Blethyn, Emily Mortimer, and Bob Hoskins.	The Sleeping Dictionary	Hugh Dancy	Jessica Alba	Brenda Blethyn	Emily Mortimer	Bob Hoskins
cast member	The Golden Eye is a 1948 American film directed by William Beaudine and starring Roland Winters in his fourth appearance as Charlie Chan.	The Golden Eye	Roland Winters
cast member	The film is directed by Vikram Bhatt and stars Amitabh Bachchan, John Abraham, Bipasha Basu and Supriya Pilgaonkar.Business tycoon Ratan Tata entered Bollywood by producing Aetbaar.	Aetbaar	Amitabh Bachchan	John Abraham	Bipasha Basu
cast member	Enter Nowhere (also known as The Haunting of Black Wood) is a 2011 psychological thriller film directed by Jack Heller and starring Scott Eastwood, Sara Paxton and Katherine Waterston.	Enter Nowhere	Scott Eastwood
cast member	Curse of the Undead is a 1959 American vampire/Western film directed by Edward Dein and starring Eric Fleming, Michael Pate, Kathleen Crowley, John Hoyt, Bruce Gordon, and Jimmy Murphy.	Curse of the Undead	Eric Fleming	Michael Pate	John Hoyt	Bruce Gordon
cast member	Les Diables (English: The Devils) is a 2002 French drama film from director Christophe Ruggia starring Adèle Haenel and Vincent Rottiers.	Les Diables	Adèle Haenel	Vincent Rottiers
cast member	Little Monsters is a 1989 American fantasy comedy film starring Fred Savage as Brian Stevenson, a sixth-grader who has recently moved to a new town, and Howie Mandel as Maurice, the monster under the bed.	Little Monsters	Fred Savage	Howie Mandel
cast member	The Master Detective (German:Der Meisterdetektiv) is a 1944 German comedy film directed by Hubert Marischka and starring Rudolf Platte who plays a private detective.	The Master Detective	Rudolf Platte
cast member	Educated Evans is a 1936 British comedy film, directed by William Beaudine and starring Max Miller.	Educated Evans	Max Miller
cast member	The Naked Edge is a 1961 thriller film starring Gary Cooper and Deborah Kerr.	The Naked Edge	Gary Cooper	Deborah Kerr
cast member	The Lady Is a Square is a 1959 British comedy musical film directed by Herbert Wilcox and featuring Anna Neagle, Frankie Vaughan and Janette Scott.	The Lady Is a Square	Anna Neagle	Frankie Vaughan	Janette Scott
cast member	Buccaneer's Girl is a 1950 American romantic adventure film directed by Frederick De Cordova and starring Yvonne De Carlo, Philip Friend and Robert Douglas.	Buccaneer's Girl	Yvonne De Carlo	Philip Friend	Robert Douglas
cast member	Our Willi Is the Best (German:Unser Willi ist der Beste ) is a 1971 German comedy film directed by Werner Jacobs and starring Heinz Erhardt, Ruth Stephan and Rudolf Schündler.	Our Willi Is the Best	Heinz Erhardt	Ruth Stephan	Rudolf Schündler
cast member	A Very Special Favor is a 1965 romantic comedy film directed by Michael Gordon, and starring Rock Hudson and Leslie Caron.	A Very Special Favor	Rock Hudson	Leslie Caron
cast member	Double Wedding is a 1937 American romantic comedy film starring William Powell and Myrna Loy, and featuring Florence Rice, John Beal, Jessie Ralph and Edgar Kennedy.	Double Wedding	William Powell	Myrna Loy	Florence Rice	John Beal	Jessie Ralph	Edgar Kennedy
cast member	You, Me and Dupree is a 2006 American romantic comedy film directed by Anthony Russo and Joe Russo, written by Mike LeSieur, and produced by Mary Parent, Scott Stuber, and Owen Wilson.	You, Me and Dupree	Owen Wilson
cast member	Strait-Jacket marks the first big-screen appearance of Lee Majors in the uncredited role of Crawford's husband.	Strait-Jacket	Lee Majors
cast member	Told cinéma vérité-style, Haunted Poland depicts the contents of recorded tape filmed by a couple Ewelyn played by Ewelina Lukaszewska, and Pau played by Pau Masó who visited Poland to meet and visit family.	Haunted Poland	Ewelina Lukaszewska	Pau Masó
cast member	The Fall and Rise of Reginald Perrin is a series of novels that developed into a British sitcom starring Leonard Rossiter in the title role.	The Fall and Rise of Reginald Perrin	Leonard Rossiter
cast member	Chokh (English: The Eyes) is a 1982 Indian Bengali film directed by Utpalendu Chakrabarty, with Om Puri, Anil Chatterjee, Shyamanand Jalan and Sreela Majumdar in lead roles.	Chokh	Om Puri
cast member	Three Days Confined to Barracks (German: Drei Tage Mittelarrest) is a 1930 German comedy film directed by Carl Boese and starring Max Adalbert, Ida Wüst and Gretl Theimer.	Three Days Confined to Barracks	Max Adalbert
cast member	Andy Hardy's Blonde Trouble is a 1944 romantic comedy, the fourteenth starring Mickey Rooney as Andy Hardy.	Andy Hardy's Blonde Trouble	Mickey Rooney
cast member	Candlelight in Algeria is a 1944 British war film directed by George King and starring James Mason, Carla Lehmann and Raymond Lovell.	Candlelight in Algeria	James Mason	Carla Lehmann	Raymond Lovell
cast member	No. 5 John Street is a 1921 British silent drama film directed by Kenelm Foss and starring Zena Dare and Mary Odette and Lionelle Howard.	No. 5 John Street	Zena Dare
cast member	Charlie on Parole is a short film starring T.J. Miller (She's Out of My League, How to Train Your Dragon), Joe Wengert (UCB, Funny or Die), Molly Ryman, and Bobby Moynihan (Saturday Night Live).	Charlie on Parole	Bobby Moynihan
cast member	Blonde Cobra is a 1963 short film directed by experimental filmmaker Ken Jacobs.	Blonde Cobra	Ken Jacobs
cast member	Johnny Doughboy is a 1942 film directed by John H. Auer for Republic Pictures and starring Jane Withers, and featuring cameos by numerous former child stars.	Johnny Doughboy	Jane Withers
cast member	Tom Hobbes (Scott Bairstow) Lieutenant Thomas F. Hobbes was just days away from being discharged from the Army when he was called upon for one last mission and sent into the virtual reality simulation known as Harsh Realm.	Harsh Realm	Scott Bairstow
cast member	Nata Sarvabhouma (Kannada: ನಟ ಸಾರ್ವಭೌಮ) is a 1968 documentary film on Rajkumar directed by Aaruru Pattabhi.	Nata Sarvabhouma	Rajkumar
cast member	Cenere is a 1916 silent film directed by and starring Febo Mari.	Cenere	Febo Mari
cast member	Ciao, ciao bambina! is a 1959 Italian comedy film directed by Sergio Grieco and starring Elsa Martinelli and Antonio Cifariello.	Ciao, ciao bambina!	Elsa Martinelli	Antonio Cifariello
cast member	The Sea Bat is a 1930 American thriller film directed by Lionel Barrymore and Wesley Ruggles, starring Raquel Torres and featuring Boris Karloff.	The Sea Bat	Raquel Torres	Boris Karloff
cast member	I Know Who Killed Me is a 2007 American psychological horror thriller directed by Chris Sivertson and starring Lindsay Lohan.	I Know Who Killed Me	Lindsay Lohan
cast member	You Can't Cheat an Honest Man is a 1939 American comedy film starring W. C. Fields.	You Can't Cheat an Honest Man	W. C. Fields
cast member	Da Thadiya (Malayalam: ടാ തടിയാ, Hey Fatso) is a 2012 Malayalam romantic comedy film directed by Aashiq Abu, and starring Sekhar Menon, Sreenath Bhasi and Ann Augustine in the lead roles.	Da Thadiya	Sekhar Menon	Sreenath Bhasi	Ann Augustine
cast member	Poor Jake's Demise is a 1913 American silent short slapstick comedy film directed by Allen Curtis and featuring Max Asher and Lon Chaney.	Poor Jake's Demise	Lon Chaney
cast member	Dil To Pagal Hai was the second of Chopra's four movies to star Shah Rukh Khan in the lead role.	Dil To Pagal Hai	Shah Rukh Khan
cast member	Sweden Live is a concert video by the Swedish pop duo Roxette, released on VHS and Laserdisc on February 17, 1989.	Sweden Live	Roxette
cast member	Champagne in paradiso (Italian for 'Champagne in Paradise') is a 1984 Italian musicarello film directed by Aldo Grimaldi and starring Al Bano and Romina Power.	Champagne in paradiso	Romina Power
cast member	Vestire gli ignudi (Italian pronunciation: (veˈstiːre ʎʎ iɲˈɲuːdi)) is a 1953 Italian drama film directed by Marcello Pagliero and starring Gabriele Ferzetti.	Vestire gli ignudi	Gabriele Ferzetti
cast member	Lanton Mills is an American comedy short film written and directed by Terrence Malick and starring Malick, Warren Oates, Harry Dean Stanton, and Paula Mandel.	Lanton Mills	Warren Oates	Harry Dean Stanton
cast member	Patham Adhyayam is a 2010 Malayalam film directed by P. K. Radhakrishnan having Bala in the lead role.	Patham Adhyayam	Bala
cast member	Pallavur Devanarayanan is a 1999 Malayalam drama film written by late Gireesh Puthenchery and directed by V. M. Vinu in which Mammootty plays the lead role Pallavur Devanarayanan.	Pallavur Devanarayanan	Mammootty
cast member	Curse of the Deserted is a 2010 Chinese horror film directed by Law Chi-leung and written by Cheung Chi-Kwong and Cai Jun, and starring Shawn Yue, Zhang Yuqi, Fu Miao, and Yue Xiaojun.	Curse of the Deserted	Shawn Yue
cast member	Fresh Fields is a British sitcom starring Julia McKenzie and Anton Rodgers.	Fresh Fields	Julia McKenzie	Anton Rodgers
cast member	You Can't Fool Antoinette (French:On ne roule pas Antoinette) is a 1936 French comedy film directed by Paul Madeux and starring Armand Bernard, Paul Pauley and Simone Renant.	You Can't Fool Antoinette	Armand Bernard
cast member	Magda Expelled (Hungarian:Magdát kicsapják) is a 1938 Hungarian comedy film directed by Ladislao Vajda and starring Ida Turay, Klári Tolnay and Antal Páger.	Magda Expelled	Ida Turay
cast member	Silvermannen (lit. ``The Silver Man'') is a 1996 Swedish mini series in 3 episodes directed by Ulf Malmros and starring Kjell Bergqvist.	Silvermannen	Kjell Bergqvist
cast member	Magnificent Warriors (pinyin: Zhong hua zhan shi) is a 1987 Hong Kong martial arts action adventure film directed by David Chung, and starring Michelle Yeoh, Tung-shing Yee, Richard Ng Yiu-hon and Hwang Jang Lee.	Magnificent Warriors	Michelle Yeoh	Richard Ng
cast member	Johnny Eager is a 1941 film noir directed by Mervyn LeRoy and starring Robert Taylor, Lana Turner and Van Heflin.	Johnny Eager	Robert Taylor	Lana Turner	Van Heflin
cast member	Sunshine Daydream is a music documentary film starring the rock band the Grateful Dead.	Sunshine Daydream	Grateful Dead
cast member	Preminchi Choodu (Telugu: ప్రేమించి చూడు) is a 1965 Telugu comedy film directed and produced by P. Pullaiah starring Akkineni Nageshwara Rao, Kongara Jaggaiah, Relangi Venkataramaiah, Rajasree, Kanchana and others.	Preminchi Choodu	Rajasree	Kanchana
cast member	Panneer Pushpangal is a love story between Suresh and Shantikrishna supported by their teacher Prathap Pothen.	Panneer Pushpangal	Suresh
cast member	Tipped Off is a 1920 American short Western film directed by Albert Russell and featuring Hoot Gibson.	Tipped Off	Hoot Gibson
cast member	Miss Bonaparte (French: Mam'zelle Bonaparte) is a 1942 French historical drama film directed by Maurice Tourneur and starring Edwige Feuillère, Monique Joyce and Raymond Rouleau.	Miss Bonaparte	Edwige Feuillère	Raymond Rouleau
cast member	Build Thy House (1920) is a British silent film directed by Fred Goodwins and starring Henry Ainley, Ann Trevor, and Reginald Bach.	Build Thy House	Henry Ainley	Ann Trevor
cast member	Secret Moments is a film by Swiss filmmaker Steff Gruber.	Secret Moments	Steff Gruber
cast member	Lady in the Iron Mask is a 1952 film directed by Ralph Murphy, produced by Walter Wanger and starring Louis Hayward as D'Artagnan and Patricia Medina in the titular role.	Lady in the Iron Mask	Louis Hayward
cast member	Whistling in Brooklyn (1943) is the third and last film starring comedian Red Skelton as radio personality and amateur detective Wally ``The Fox'' Benton, following Whistling in the Dark and Whistling in Dixie.	Whistling in Brooklyn	Red Skelton
cast member	The Beautiful Adventure is a 1917 American silent drama film starring Ann Murdock, a stage star.	The Beautiful Adventure	Ann Murdock
cast member	Street Kings is a 2008 American action thriller film directed by David Ayer, and starring Keanu Reeves, Forest Whitaker, Hugh Laurie, Chris Evans, Common and The Game.	Street Kings	Keanu Reeves	Forest Whitaker	Hugh Laurie	Chris Evans	Common	Game
cast member	Dangerous Exile is a 1957 British historical drama film directed by Brian Desmond Hurst and starring Louis Jourdan, Belinda Lee, Anne Heywood and Richard O'Sullivan.	Dangerous Exile	Louis Jourdan	Belinda Lee	Anne Heywood	Richard O'Sullivan
cast member	No Impact Man is a 2009 American documentary film directed by Laura Gabbert and Justin Schein, based on the book by Colin Beavan.	No Impact Man	Colin Beavan
cast member	While the Attorney Is Asleep (Danish: Mens sagføreren sover) is a 1945 Danish crime film directed by Johan Jacobsen and starring Gunnar Lauring.	While the Attorney Is Asleep	Gunnar Lauring
cast member	Get Away, Get Away is a 1992 Australian film which was the directorial debut of actor Murray Fahey.	Get Away, Get Away	Murray Fahey
cast member	Carnival Story is a 1954 film directed by Kurt Neumann, produced by Frank King and Maurice King, starring Anne Baxter and Steve Cochran, and released by RKO Radio Pictures.	Carnival Story	Anne Baxter	Steve Cochran
cast member	Er kann's nicht lassen (English: He can't stop doing it) is a 1962 German mystery film directed by Axel von Ambesser and starring Heinz Rühmann, Rudolf Forster and Grit Boettcher.	Er kann's nicht lassen	Heinz Rühmann	Rudolf Forster	Grit Boettcher
cast member	Christmas Do-Over is a TV movie starring Jay Mohr and Daphne Zuniga.	Christmas Do-Over	Daphne Zuniga
cast member	Play Dirty is a 1969 British war film starring Michael Caine, Nigel Green and Harry Andrews.	Play Dirty	Michael Caine	Nigel Green	Harry Andrews
cast member	Day of the Fight shows Irish-American middleweight boxer Walter Cartier during the height of his career, on the day of a fight with black middleweight Bobby James, which took place on April 17, 1950.	Day of the Fight	Walter Cartier
cast member	Hustling for Health is a 1919 American silent film featuring Stan Laurel.	Hustling for Health	Stan Laurel
cast member	Nau Do Gyarah (Hindi: नौ दो ग्यारह; English: Nine Two Eleven, the Hindi idiom means 'to run away') is a 1957 Hindi film produced by Dev Anand.	Nau Do Gyarah	Dev Anand
cast member	Biyer Phool is a 1996 Indian Bengali romantic comedy film, directed by Ram Mukherjee, starring Prosenjit Chatterjee, Rani Mukerji, Indrani Haldar and Sabyasachi Chakraborty in the lead roles.	Biyer Phool	Prosenjit Chatterjee
cast member	Port of Seven Seas is a 1938 drama film starring Wallace Beery and featuring Frank Morgan and Maureen O'Sullivan.	Port of Seven Seas	Wallace Beery	Frank Morgan	Maureen O'Sullivan
cast member	The Dirty Outlaws, also known as Big Ripoff, King of the West and The Desperado (in original Italian, El desperado), is a 1967 Italian spaghetti western starring Andrea Giordana.	The Dirty Outlaws	Andrea Giordana
cast member	Night Has a Thousand Eyes is a 1948 film noir, starring Edward G. Robinson and directed by John Farrow.	Night Has a Thousand Eyes	Edward G. Robinson
cast member	Somewhere in Georgia is a 1917 silent film, starring baseball great Ty Cobb.	Somewhere in Georgia	Ty Cobb
cast member	The Girl and the Greaser is a 1913 American silent short film directed by Allan Dwan starring Charlotte Burton, J. Warren Kerrigan, Louise Lester, George Periolat, Jack Richardson and Vivian Rich.	The Girl and the Greaser	Charlotte Burton	J. Warren Kerrigan	Louise Lester
cast member	Kay Panabaker as Moondance Alexander Don Johnson as Dante Longpre Lori Loughlin as Gelsey Alexander James Best as Mr.McClancy Sasha Cohen as Fiona Hughes Whitney Sloan as Megan Montgomery Joe Norman Shaw as Ben Wilson Aedan Tomney as Josh Wilson Mimi Gianopulos as Bella Landon Liboiron as Freddie	Moondance Alexander	James Best	Landon Liboiron
cast member	The Steel Trail is a 1923 American drama film serial directed by and starring William Duncan.	The Steel Trail	William Duncan
cast member	Vienna Tales (German:Wiener G'schichten) is a 1940 musical comedy film directed by Géza von Bolváry and starring Marte Harell, Olly Holzmann and Hans Moser.	Vienna Tales	Marte Harell	Olly Holzmann	Hans Moser
cast member	Breaking Glass is a 1980 British film starring Hazel O'Connor, Phil Daniels and Jonathan Pryce and co-produced by Dodi Fayed and written and directed by Brian Gibson.	Breaking Glass	Hazel O'Connor	Phil Daniels
cast member	Bears and Bad Men is a 1918 American silent comedy film directed by Larry Semon and featuring Stan Laurel.	Bears and Bad Men	Larry Semon	Stan Laurel
cast member	Like Sunday, Like Rain is a 2014 American drama independent film written and directed by Frank Whaley, and starring Leighton Meester, Debra Messing, Billie Joe Armstrong, and Julian Shatkin.	Like Sunday, Like Rain	Leighton Meester
cast member	La Choca (``The Bump'') is a 1974 Mexican drama film directed by Emilio Fernández and starring Pilar Pellicer.	La Choca	Pilar Pellicer
cast member	Yathumaagi is a 2010 Indian Tamil-language romance film written and directed by S. Balakumar that stars newcomer Sachin and Sunaina in lead roles.	Yathumaagi	Sunaina
cast member	Life and Lyrics is a 2006 British film directed by Richard Laxton and starring Ashley Walters, a former member of the garage band So Solid Crew.	Life and Lyrics	Ashley Walters
cast member	The Burning Question (Danish: Det brændende spørgsmål) is a 1943 Danish drama films directed by Alice O'Fredericks and starring Poul Reumert and Grethe Holmer.	The Burning Question	Poul Reumert
cast member	When Willie Comes Marching Home is a 1950 World War II comedy film directed by John Ford and starring Dan Dailey and Corinne Calvet.	When Willie Comes Marching Home	Dan Dailey	Corinne Calvet
cast member	Nazareno Cruz and the Wolf (Spanish: Nazareno Cruz y el lobo) is a 1975 Argentine fantasy film directed by Leonardo Favio and starring Juan José Camero and Alfredo Alcón.	Nazareno Cruz and the Wolf	Juan José Camero	Alfredo Alcón
cast member	Champions Juniors, is a French comedy film from 1951, directed by Pierre Blondy, written by Roger Cauvin, starring Louis de Funès.	Champions Juniors	Louis de Funès
cast member	Sympathy for the Lobster (Italian: Le ragioni dell'aragosta) is a 2007 Italian mockumentary film written, directed and starred by Sabina Guzzanti.	Sympathy for the Lobster	Sabina Guzzanti
cast member	Mirattal (English:Threatening) is a 2012 action comedy film directed by R. Madhesh starring Vinay Rai, Sharmila Mandre and Prabhu in the lead roles with Rishi in a cameo.	Mirattal	Vinay Rai
cast member	Raghupati Naidu selected his fourth son Ezhumalai(Arjun Sarja) as his family's contribution towards the security of the village.	Ezhumalai	Arjun Sarja
cast member	Black Octopus (Spanish: El pulpo negro) is a 1985 Argentine TV mini-series (624 min) directed by Marta Reguera and written by Luis Murillo with Narciso Ibáñez Menta in the main role.	Black Octopus	Narciso Ibáñez Menta
cast member	Not Like Everyone Else is a 2006 TV movie that aired on Lifetime Television and starred Alia Shawkat, Illeana Douglas and Eric Schweig.	Not Like Everyone Else	Illeana Douglas
cast member	Exterminator 2 is a 1984 action film written and directed by Mark Buntzman, starring Robert Ginty and Mario Van Peebles, with cameos by Arye Gross in his debut role, and John Turturro in his second role.	Exterminator 2	Robert Ginty	Mario Van Peebles
cast member	Thazhvaram (English: The Valley) is a 1990 Indian Malayalam revenge-thriller film directed by Bharathan and written by M. T. Vasudevan Nair, starring Mohanlal, Salim Ghouse, Anju, Sumalatha, and Sankaradi in the lead roles.	Thazhvaram	Mohanlal	Salim Ghouse	Sankaradi
cast member	In the Dough is a 1932 American Pre-Code comedy film starring Fatty Arbuckle and featuring Shemp Howard of the Three Stooges.	In the Dough	Shemp Howard
cast member	Assignment to Kill is a 1968 American drama film directed by Sheldon Reynolds and starring Patrick O'Neal, Joan Hackett, John Gielgud, Herbert Lom and Oskar Homolka.	Assignment to Kill	Patrick O'Neal
cast member	``The Perfect Kiss'' is a song by the English rock band New Order.	The Perfect Kiss	New Order
cast member	Bedtime with Rosie is a 1975 British comedy-drama film directed by Wolf Rilla and starring Una Stubbs, Ivor Burgoyne and Diana Dors.	Bedtime with Rosie	Una Stubbs	Diana Dors
cast member	The Hucksters is a 1947 MGM film directed by Jack Conway and starring Clark Gable that marked the debut of Deborah Kerr in an American film.	The Hucksters	Clark Gable	Deborah Kerr
cast member	The Outlaw is a 1943 American Western film, directed by Howard Hughes and starring Jane Russell.	The Outlaw	Jane Russell
cast member	Blood Red is a 1989 American-British Western drama film directed by Peter Masterson and starring Eric Roberts, Giancarlo Giannini, Burt Young, Lara Harris and Dennis Hopper.	Blood Red	Eric Roberts
cast member	Panam Padaithavan (Tamil: பணம் படைத்தவன்)is a Tamil language film starring M. G. Ramachandran in the lead role.	Panam Padaithavan	M. G. Ramachandran
cast member	Hundra is a 1983 Italian-Spanish fantasy film directed by Matt Cimber and starring Laurene Landon.	Hundra	Laurene Landon
cast member	Ammanilavu is a 2010 Malayalam film directed by M. D. Rajendran starring Sasi Ayyanchira, Aparna, and Mallika.	Ammanilavu	Mallika
cast member	Un grand cri d'amour (A great cry of love) is a 1998 French comedy film directed by Josiane Balasko.	Un grand cri d'amour	Josiane Balasko
cast member	The Desert Outlaw is a 1924 American silent Western film directed by Edmund Mortimer and starring Evelyn Brent.	The Desert Outlaw	Evelyn Brent
cast member	The Halfway House is a 1944 British drama film directed by Basil Dearden and starring Tom Walls, Françoise Rosay and Mervyn Johns (who appears with his own daughter, actress Glynis Johns).	The Halfway House	Tom Walls	Françoise Rosay	Mervyn Johns	Glynis Johns
cast member	Godhi Banna Sadharana Mykattu (Kannada: ಗೋಧಿ ಬಣ್ಣ ಸಾಧಾರಣ ಮೈಕಟ್ಟು) is an upcoming Indian Kannada drama film written and directed by Hemanth Rao making his debut, and stars Anant Nag and Rakshit Shetty in the lead roles.	Godhi Banna Sadharana Mykattu	Anant Nag
cast member	The Resolve is a 1915 American silent short drama film directed by Henry Otto starring Ed Coxen, Lizette Thorne, and Winifred Greenwood.	The Resolve	Winifred Greenwood
cast member	Karunamayudu (Telugu: కరుణామయుడు; Hindi: Daya Sagar; Tamil: Karunamoorthy; English: Ocean of Mercy) is a 1978 Telugu film directed by A. Bhimsingh and starred Vijayachander as Jesus Christ.	Karunamayudu	Vijayachander
cast member	Al-Yateematain (Arabic: اليتيمتين‎, The Two Orphans) is a 1949 Egyptian drama film written by Abo El Seoud El Ebiary directed by Hassan Al Imam starring Egyptian actress Faten Hamama.	Al-Yateematain	Faten Hamama
cast member	A Gentleman of France is a 1921 British silent adventure film directed by Maurice Elvey and starring Eille Norwood, Madge Stuart and Hugh Buckler.	A Gentleman of France	Eille Norwood	Madge Stuart	Hugh Buckler
cast member	Une nuit agitée (aka: An Agitated Night)is a 1912 short film directed by and starring Max Linder.	Une nuit agitée	Max Linder
cast member	Amman Kovil Kizhakale (Tamil: அம்மன் கோயில் கிழக்காலே; English: East side of Goddess temple) is a 1986 Indian Tamil language film starring Vijayakanth, Radha	Amman Kovil Kizhakale	Vijayakanth
cast member	Hardi Pardaillan! is a 1964 French-Italian adventure film directed by Bernard Borderie and starring Gérard Barray, Valérie Lagrange, Philippe Lemaire, Sophie Hardy, and Guy Delorme.	Hardi Pardaillan!	Gérard Barray	Valérie Lagrange	Philippe Lemaire	Sophie Hardy	Guy Delorme
cast member	Miss March is a 2009 comedy film directed by and starring Trevor Moore and Zach Cregger, stars of the IFC show The Whitest Kids U' Know.	Miss March	Trevor Moore	Zach Cregger
cast member	A Dangerous Summer is a 1982 Australian crime film drama film directed by Quentin Masters and starring Tom Skerritt, Ian Gilmour, Guy Doleman and James Mason.	A Dangerous Summer	Tom Skerritt
cast member	Eye of the Devil is a 1966 British crime/horror film with occult and supernatural themes directed by J. Lee Thompson and starring Deborah Kerr and David Niven.	Eye of the Devil	Deborah Kerr	David Niven
cast member	How to Beat the High Cost of Living is a 1980 comedy film, starring Jane Curtin, Susan Saint James and Jessica Lange.	How to Beat the High Cost of Living	Jane Curtin	Susan Saint James	Jessica Lange
cast member	Let's Make Music is a 1941 musical starring Bob Crosby and written by Nathanael West.	Let's Make Music	Bob Crosby
cast member	Hearts Up is a 1921 American Western film starring Harry Carey.	Hearts Up	Harry Carey
cast member	The Thundering Mantis (Chinese: 癲螳螂) (Also known as Mantis Fist Fighter in USA) is a 1980 Hong Kong martial arts action film directed by Teddy Yip, starring Bryan Leung, Cheng Feng and Eddy Ko Hung.	The Thundering Mantis	Bryan Leung
cast member	Who Wants to Sleep? (German:Das Liebeskarussell) is a 1965 German comedy film directed by Rolf Thiele, Axel von Ambesser and Alfred Weidenmann and starring Curd Jürgens, Gert Fröbe and Catherine Deneuve.	Who Wants to Sleep?	Axel von Ambesser	Curd Jürgens	Gert Fröbe	Catherine Deneuve
cast member	The Amazing Mrs. Holliday is a 1943 American comedy drama film produced and directed by Bruce Manning and starring Deanna Durbin, Edmond O'Brien, and Barry Fitzgerald.	The Amazing Mrs. Holliday	Deanna Durbin	Edmond O'Brien	Barry Fitzgerald
cast member	Charlie Chan at the Circus is the 11th film produced by Fox starring Warner Oland as Charlie Chan.	Charlie Chan at the Circus	Warner Oland
cast member	It Came from Beneath the Sea is a 1955 American black-and-white science fiction giant monster film from Columbia Pictures, produced by Sam Katzman and Charles Schneer, directed by Robert Gordon, and starring Kenneth Tobey, Faith Domergue, and Donald Curtis.	It Came from Beneath the Sea	Kenneth Tobey	Faith Domergue	Donald Curtis
cast member	God Is Great and I'm Not (French: Dieu est grand, je suis toute petite) is a light romantic comedy directed by Pascale Bailly starring Audrey Tautou and Edouard Baer.	God Is Great and I'm Not	Audrey Tautou
cast member	Hooray for the Blue Hussars (Danish: Hurra for de blå husarer) is a 1970 Danish comedy film directed by Annelise Reenberg and starring Emil Hass Christensen.	Hooray for the Blue Hussars	Emil Hass Christensen
cast member	'Renovation Nation' was a green home building show starring Steve Thomas, formerly airing on the now-defunct Planet Green channel in the US.	Renovation Nation	Steve Thomas
cast member	Fantasy Romance is a 1991 Hong Kong romantic fantasy comedy film directed by Taylor Wong and starring Joey Wong, Tony Leung and Deanie Ip.	Fantasy Romance	Joey Wong
cast member	Going Berserk is a 1983 comedy film starring John Candy, Joe Flaherty, and Eugene Levy and directed by David Steinberg.	Going Berserk	John Candy	Joe Flaherty	Eugene Levy
cast member	2by4 or 2 x 4 (Two by Four) is a 1998 American drama film directed by and starring Jimmy Smallhorne.	2by4	Jimmy Smallhorne
cast member	The Glimmer Man is a 1996 American action film directed by John Gray, and produced by Steven Seagal, who also starred in the film.	The Glimmer Man	Steven Seagal
cast member	The Relative of His Excellency (Hungarian:A kegyelmes úr rokona) is a 1941 Hungarian comedy film directed by Félix Podmaniczky and starring László Szilassy, Erzsi Simor and Artúr Somlay.	The Relative of His Excellency	Erzsi Simor	Artúr Somlay
cast member	The Nine Ages of Nakedness is a 1969 British sex film, directed by Harrison Marks, and also starring Marks as himself and several of his (fictional) ancestors.	The Nine Ages of Nakedness	Harrison Marks
cast member	The Twonky is an independently made 1953 American black-and-white science fiction film comedy, produced by A.D. Nast, Jr., Arch Oboler, and Sidney Pink, written and directed by Arch Oboler, and starring Hans Conried, Gloria Blondell, Billy Lynn, and Edwin Max.	The Twonky	Hans Conried	Gloria Blondell	Billy Lynn
cast member	5 marines per 100 ragazze is a 1962 Italian comedy film directed by Mario Mattoli and starring Virna Lisi.	5 marines per 100 ragazze	Virna Lisi
cast member	Vileness Fats is an unfinished film project of avant-garde band The Residents, filmed primarily from 1972 to 1976.	Vileness Fats	The Residents
cast member	Mickey One is a 1965 surrealistic dramatic film starring Warren Beatty and directed by Arthur Penn from a script by Alan Surgal.	Mickey One	Warren Beatty
cast member	Girl on the Bridge (French: La fille sur le pont) is a 1999 French film shot in black and white and directed by Patrice Leconte, starring Daniel Auteuil and Vanessa Paradis.	Girl on the Bridge	Daniel Auteuil	Vanessa Paradis
cast member	Tumbokis a 2011 Filipino Horror Film starring Cristine Reyes and Carlo Aquino produced by Viva Films.	Tumbok	Cristine Reyes	Carlo Aquino
cast member	The River King is a 2005 film starring Edward Burns, Rachelle Lefèvre and Jennifer Ehle as a policeman, student and teacher all searching for the truth behind the apparent suicide of a young man at a small private school.	The River King	Edward Burns	Jennifer Ehle
cast member	Madanolsavam is a Malayalam film written and directed by N. Shankaran Nair starring Kamal Haasan and Zarina Wahab in lead roles.	Madanolsavam	Kamal Haasan
cast member	Wolves of the Rail is a 1918 American silent western film produced, directed by, and starring William S. Hart.	Wolves of the Rail	William S. Hart
cast member	Return of the Lucky Stars (Alternative: ``Lucky Stars Triad Society'') is a 1989 Hong Kong action comedy film directed by Stanley Fung.	Return of the Lucky Stars	Stanley Fung
cast member	Ved kongelunden... is a 1953 Danish comedy film directed by Poul Bang and starring Dirch Passer.	Ved kongelunden...	Dirch Passer
cast member	Last Passenger is a 2013 British suspense thriller film directed by Omid Nooshin and starring Dougray Scott, Kara Tointon and Iddo Goldberg.	Last Passenger	Dougray Scott
cast member	The Scourge of the Desert (also known as Reformed Outlaw ) is a 1915 American silent short Western starring William S. Hart and Rhea Mitchell.	The Scourge of the Desert	William S. Hart	Rhea Mitchell
cast member	Old Enough to Be Her Grandpa is a 1914 American silent short comedy film directed by Tom Ricketts starring Charlotte Burton and William Garwood.	Old Enough to Be Her Grandpa	Charlotte Burton	William Garwood
cast member	The Shadow of the Eagle is a 1932 American Pre-Code Mascot film serial, starring John Wayne in his first serial role.	The Shadow of the Eagle	John Wayne
cast member	Chased by the Devil (German:Vom Teufel gejagt) is a 1950 West German crime film directed by Viktor Tourjansky and starring Hans Albers, Willy Birgel and Lil Dagover.	Chased by the Devil	Hans Albers	Willy Birgel	Lil Dagover
cast member	Half Shot Shooters marked the inaugural appearance of Vernon Dent, who appeared in more Stooge shorts than any other supporting actor.	Half Shot Shooters	Vernon Dent
cast member	The Final Season is a 2007 baseball film starring Sean Astin, Rachael Leigh Cook, Tom Arnold, Powers Boothe, Brett Claywell, Michael Angarano, and Marshall Bell and directed by David Mickey Evans.	The Final Season	Sean Astin	Rachael Leigh Cook	Tom Arnold	Powers Boothe	Michael Angarano
cast member	A Hoosier Romance is an 1918 Selig Polyscope film, featuring silent film actress Colleen Moore.	A Hoosier Romance	Colleen Moore
cast member	Old Clothes is a 1925 American silent drama film, starring Jackie Coogan and Joan Crawford.	Old Clothes	Jackie Coogan	Joan Crawford
cast member	Walls of Glass, also known as Flanagan is a 1985 comedy-romance film directed by Scott D. Goldstein, and starring Philip Bosco as the protagonist James Flanagan.	Walls of Glass	Philip Bosco
cast member	Makkal Mahatmyam is a 1992 Malayalam comedy film directed by Paulson, written by Siddique-Lal, and starring Mukesh, Saikumar, Innocent, Jagadish, Vaishnavi, K. P. A. C. Lalitha, Zeenath, Sukumari and Suchitra.	Makkal Mahatmyam	Mukesh	Saikumar	Innocent	Jagadish
cast member	The Broken Pledge is a 1915 American silent comedy film starring Wallace Beery and Gloria Swanson.	The Broken Pledge	Wallace Beery	Gloria Swanson
cast member	The Day Mars Invaded Earth (aka Spaceraid 63) is an independently made 1963 black-and-white CinemaScope science fiction film produced and directed by Maury Dexter and starring Kent Taylor, Marie Windsor, and William Mims.	The Day Mars Invaded Earth	Kent Taylor	Marie Windsor
cast member	Unbowed (Hangul: 부러진 화살; RR: Bureojin Hwasal; lit. ``Broken Arrow'') is a 2011 South Korean courtroom drama film starring Ahn Sung-ki and Park Won-sang.	Unbowed	Park Won-sang
cast member	The Adventures of Martin Eden is a 1942 black-and-white Adventure film based on Jack London's novel Martin Eden, starring Glenn Ford and Claire Trevor and directed by Sidney Salkow.	The Adventures of Martin Eden	Glenn Ford	Claire Trevor
cast member	The Bandit of Tropico is a 1912 American silent short adventure film starring Harry von Meter as ``The Bandit'' and Vivian Rich his daughter.	The Bandit of Tropico	Harry von Meter	Vivian Rich
cast member	Mr. Hobbs Takes a Vacation is a 1962 American comedy film directed by Henry Koster and starring James Stewart and Maureen O'Hara.	Mr. Hobbs Takes a Vacation	James Stewart	Maureen O'Hara
cast member	Love That Boy is a 2003 Canadian film and romantic comedy directed by Andrea Dorfman and starring Nadia Litz and Adrien Dixon.	Love That Boy	Nadia Litz
cast member	Tango with Me is a Nigerian romantic drama film written by Femi Kayode, produced and directed by Mahmood Ali-Balogun and starring Genevieve Nnaji, Joseph Benjamin and Joke Silva.	Tango with Me	Genevieve Nnaji
cast member	Hell's House is a 1932 American Pre-Code drama film starring Junior Durkin, featuring Bette Davis and directed by Howard Higgin.	Hell's House	Bette Davis
cast member	Manal Naharam is a 2015 Tamil language Indian feature film written and produced by M.I.Vasanthkumar and directed by Oru Thalai Ragam Shankar starring Prajin Padmanabhan, Gautham Krishna, Thanishka, Varuna Shetty, Vinod Kumar (VK), Jaise Jose, Jijesh Menon and Shankar himself.	Manal Naharam	Prajin
cast member	A Great New Star is a 1952 musical sponsored film starring Dinah Shore, with her singing ``See the U.S.A. in Your Chevrolet'' (at the time, she starred in a twice-weekly 15-minute musical interlude for Chevrolet on NBC-TV).	A Great New Star	Dinah Shore
cast member	Through the Dark is a 1924 American silent mystery/crime drama film directed by George W. Hill, and starring Colleen Moore and Forrest Stanley as the popular detective character Boston Blackie.	Through the Dark	Colleen Moore	Forrest Stanley
cast member	Calais-Dover (French:Calais-Douvres) is a 1931 French-German comedy film directed by Jean Boyer and Anatole Litvak and starring Lilian Harvey, André Roanne and Armand Bernard.	Calais-Dover	Lilian Harvey
cast member	The Interview is a 2014 American political satire comedy film directed by Seth Rogen and Evan Goldberg.	The Interview	Seth Rogen
cast member	The Adventures of Mark Twain is a 1944 American biographical film starring Fredric March as Samuel Clemens (Mark Twain) and Alexis Smith as his wife, Olivia.	The Adventures of Mark Twain	Fredric March	Alexis Smith
cast member	At Gunpoint is an American 1955 Western film directed by Alfred L. Werker and starring Fred MacMurray, Dorothy Malone and Walter Brennan.	At Gunpoint	Fred MacMurray	Dorothy Malone	Walter Brennan
cast member	Newsfront is a 1978 Australian drama film starring Bill Hunter, Wendy Hughes, Chris Haywood and Bryan Brown, directed by Phillip Noyce.	Newsfront	Bill Hunter	Wendy Hughes	Bryan Brown
cast member	How to Get Ahead in Advertising is a 1989 British film written and directed by Bruce Robinson and starring Richard E. Grant and Rachel Ward.	How to Get Ahead in Advertising	Richard E. Grant	Rachel Ward
cast member	Lee Rock (Chinese: 五億探長雷洛傳: 雷老虎) is a 1991 Hong Kong crime film directed by Lawrence Ah Mon, and starring Andy Lau as the title character.	Lee Rock	Andy Lau
cast member	Maisie Goes to Reno is the eighth film starring Ann Sothern as Maisie Ravier, preceded by Swing Shift Maisie and followed by Up Goes Maisie.	Maisie Goes to Reno	Ann Sothern
cast member	Alarm in Peking is a 1937 German adventure film directed by Herbert Selpin and starring Gustav Fröhlich, Leny Marenbach and Peter Voß.	Alarm in Peking	Gustav Fröhlich	Leny Marenbach	Peter Voß
cast member	The first three seasons of Charmed focus on the three Halliwell sisters, Prue (Shannen Doherty), Piper (Holly Marie Combs) and Phoebe (Alyssa Milano).	Charmed	Shannen Doherty	Holly Marie Combs	Alyssa Milano
cast member	Behrouz Vossoughi as Dash Akol Mary Apick as Marjan Bahman Mofid as Kaka Rostam Jahangir Forouhar as Dash Akol's friend Manuchehr Ahmadi as Chelingar Mansoor Matin as Haj Samad Ebrahim Naderi as Kaka Rostam's friend Jalal Pishvaian as Kaka Rostam's friend Shahrzad Zhaleh Olov Kan'an Kiani	Dash Akol	Behrouz Vossoughi
cast member	The Traveling Executioner is a 1970 American film starring Stacy Keach, Bud Cort, Stefan Gierasch and Marianna Hill and directed by Jack Smight.	The Traveling Executioner	Stacy Keach	Bud Cort	Stefan Gierasch	Marianna Hill
cast member	J.B. Warner - Tex Gardy Marin Sais - The Hellion Aline Goodwin - The Daughter Boris Karloff - The Outlaw William A. Berke - The Father (as William Lester)	The Hellion	Marin Sais
cast member	'If Only' Jim is a 1920 western silent film starring Harry Carey.	'If Only' Jim	Harry Carey
cast member	Seven Were Saved is a 1947 American film directed by William H. Pine and starring Richard Denning, Catherine Craig and Russell Hayden.	Seven Were Saved	Richard Denning	Russell Hayden
cast member	A Haunting in Salem is a 2011 3D horror film directed by Shane Van Dyke and starring Bill Oberst Jr., Courtney Abbiati, Jenna Stone and Nicholas Harsin.	A Haunting in Salem	Bill Oberst Jr.
cast member	The Tied Up Balloon (Bulgarian: Привързаният балон / Privarzaniyat balon) is a Bulgarian satirical comedy-drama film released in 1967, directed by Binka Zhelyazkova, starring Georgi Partsalev, Grigor Vachkov, Georgi Kaloyanchev, Konstantin Kotsev and Georgi Georgiev-Getz.	The Tied Up Balloon	Georgi Partsalev	Grigor Vachkov	Georgi Kaloyanchev	Konstantin Kotsev	Georgi Georgiev-Getz
cast member	Dr. Kildare's Wedding Day is a 1941 American drama film directed by Harold S. Bucquet, starring Lew Ayres, Lionel Barrymore and Laraine Day.	Dr. Kildare's Wedding Day	Lew Ayres	Lionel Barrymore	Laraine Day
cast member	Chore Chore Mastuto Bhai is a 2005 Bengali-language Indian feature film directed by Anup Sengupta, starring Mithun Chakraborty, Chiranjit, Jisshu Sengupta, Koel Mallick and Dipankar Dey in the main roles.	Chore Chore Mastuto Bhai	Mithun Chakraborty
cast member	Fort Dobbs is a 1958 western, the first of three directed by Gordon Douglas to star Clint Walker.	Fort Dobbs	Clint Walker
cast member	Chef! is a British situation comedy starring Lenny Henry that aired as twenty episodes over three series from 1993 to 1996 on the BBC.	Chef!	Lenny Henry
cast member	Penthouse North (also known as Atrapada en la oscuridad and Blindsided) is a 2014 thriller film directed by Joseph Ruben and starring Michael Keaton and Michelle Monaghan.	Penthouse North	Michael Keaton	Michelle Monaghan
cast member	The Rare Breed is a 1966 American western film starring James Stewart, Maureen O'Hara, Brian Keith, Juliet Mills and Ben Johnson and directed by Andrew V. McLaglen.	The Rare Breed	James Stewart	Maureen O'Hara	Brian Keith	Juliet Mills	Ben Johnson
cast member	One Tough Bastard, also known as One Man's Justice, is a 1995 film written by Steven Selling, directed by Kurt Wimmer and starring Brian Bosworth and Bruce Payne.	One Tough Bastard	Brian Bosworth	Bruce Payne
cast member	The King of the Kitchen is a 1918 American silent comedy film featuring Oliver Hardy.	The King of the Kitchen	Oliver Hardy
cast member	Tropical Nights (German: Tropennächte) is a 1931 American German language drama film directed by Leo Mittler and starring Dita Parlo, Robert Thoeren and Fritz Greiner.	Tropical Nights	Dita Parlo
conflict	Walter Schimana (12 March 1898, Troppau - 12 September 1948, Salzburg) was an Austrian Nazi Party and SS member, who rose to General rank (SS-Gruppenführer und Generalleutnant der Waffen-SS und Polizei) during World War II, and was HSSPF in occupied Greece from October 1943.	Walter Schimana	World War II
conflict	At the outbreak of World War I Walerian Czuma joined the Piłsudski's Polish Legions.	Walerian Czuma	World War I
conflict	Joseph Lonsway (March 17, 1844 -- January 22, 1925) was a Private in the Union Army and a Medal of Honor recipient for his actions in the American Civil War.	Joseph Lonsway	American Civil War
conflict	Upton Hays, sometimes spelled Hayes, (March 29, 1832 -- September 15, 1862) was a colonel of the Confederate States Army during the American Civil War.	Upton Hays	American Civil War
conflict	Eugène-Casimir Villatte, Comte d'Oultremont (14 April 1770 - 14 May 1834) fought in the French army during the Wars of the French Revolution and the Napoleonic Wars.	Eugène-Casimir Villatte	Napoleonic Wars
conflict	Raymond Abescat (September 10, 1891 in Paris -- August 15, 2001 in Rueil-Malmaison) was one of the last surviving veterans of World War I in France, its oldest man and the oldest veteran in France at the time of his death.	Raymond Abescat	World War I
conflict	Peter Kappesser was a soldier in the United States Army who received the Medal of Honor for his actions during the American Civil War.	Peter Kappesser	American Civil War
conflict	In part because of aid from leaders such as Awashonks, the English defeated Metacomet in King Philip's War.	Awashonks	King Philip's War
conflict	Charles W. Ray (August 6, 1872 - March 23, 1959) was an sergeant in the United States Army and a Medal of Honor recipient for his actions in the Philippine-American War.	Charles W. Ray	Philippine-American War
conflict	Brian Shul (born 1948), is a Vietnam War-era attack pilot and a retired major in the United States Air Force (USAF).	Brian Shul	Vietnam War
conflict	Edwin Vose Sumner, Jr. (August 16, 1835 -- August 23, 1912) was an American Union brevet brigadier general during the period of the American Civil War.	Edwin Vose Sumner, Jr.	American Civil War
conflict	Lieutenant-Colonel Severus William Lynam Stretton (7 November 1783 -- 22 November 1884) was a British Army officer who served in the Napoleonic Wars.	Severus William Lynam Stretton	Napoleonic Wars
conflict	Jane Whorwood, née Ryder (1612 -- September 1684) was a Royalist agent during the English Civil War.	Jane Whorwood	English Civil War
conflict	William Henry Harman (February 17, 1828 -- March 2, 1865) was a brigadier general in the Virginia militia and colonel in the Confederate States Army during the American Civil War (Civil War).	William Henry Harman	American Civil War
conflict	Günther Schemmel (22 December 1904 -- 18 November 1990) was Oberstleutnant in the Wehrmacht during World War II and a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross.	Günther Schemmel	World War II
conflict	Hermann Graf (24 October 1912 -- 4 November 1988) was a German Luftwaffe World War II fighter ace.	Hermann Graf	World War II
conflict	James Allen Taylor (born December 31, 1937) is a retired United States Army officer and a recipient of the United States military's highest decoration--the Medal of Honor--for his actions in the Vietnam War.	James Allen Taylor	Vietnam War
conflict	Achim Wunderlich (17 July 1912 -- 25 March 2012) was a highly decorated Major in the Wehrmacht during World War II, and a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross.	Achim Wunderlich	World War II
conflict	When World War I began, Emile John Lussier claimed Medicine Hat as his home.	Emile John Lussier	World War I
conflict	Henry J. Stainrook, occasionally spelled Steinrock, led a regiment of the Army of Virginia and the Army of the Potomac in the American Civil War.	Henry J. Stainrook	American Civil War
conflict	William Lechmere (1752 -- 12 December 1815) was an officer of the Royal Navy who served during the American War of Independence and the French Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars.	William Lechmere	Napoleonic Wars
conflict	Hasan Tahsin Pasha (1845--1918) was a senior Ottoman military officer, who served in Yemen and in the First Balkan War.	Hasan Tahsin Pasha	First Balkan War
conflict	Jonathan Eddy (c. 1726--1804) served for the British in the French and Indian War and for the American Patriots in the American Revolution.	Jonathan Eddy	French and Indian War
conflict	Israel Putnam (January 7, 1718 -- May 29, 1790) was an American army general officer and Freemason, popularly known as ``Old Put'', who fought with distinction at the Battle of Bunker Hill (1775) during the American Revolutionary War (1775--1783).	Israel Putnam	American Revolutionary War
conflict	Willy Bachor (4 May 1921 -- 20 March 2008) was a highly decorated Oberwachtmeister in the Wehrmacht during World War II, and a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross.	Willy Bachor	World War II
conflict	Ernst Voß (3 November 1899 -- 11 October 1943) was a highly decorated Generalmajor in the Wehrmacht during World War II. Between World War I and World War II he was a Police Officer.	Ernst Voß	World War I
conflict	Captain Hilliard Brooke Bell (9 March 1897 -- 16 September 1960) was a Canadian-born World War I flying ace credited with 10 aerial victories.	Hilliard Brooke Bell	World War I
conflict	Lieutenant Norman Roberts (1896--1980) was a British World War I flying ace credited with five aerial victories.	Norman Roberts	World War I
conflict	Arnold Meri (1 July 1919 -- 27 March 2009) was a Soviet Red Army veteran of World War II and Hero of the Soviet Union who was charged with genocide for his role in the deportation of Estonians to the inhospitable regions of the USSR.	Arnold Meri	World War II
conflict	José Santiago Albarracín 1 (23 July 1800 - 20 April 1869 ) was an Argentine soldier who fought on the Unitarian side in many engagements in the Argentine Civil Wars, especially in the struggles against Chacho Peñaloza.	Santiago Albarracín	Argentine Civil Wars
conflict	Morgan Lewis Smith (March 8, 1822 -- December 29, 1874) was a Union general in the American Civil War	Morgan Lewis Smith	American Civil War
conflict	John E. Wilkes (May 26, 1895 -- July 20, 1957) was a vice admiral in the United States Navy, who served in World War I and World War II. In December 1941 he was appointed Commander of Submarines, Asiatic Fleet.	John E. Wilkes	World War I
conflict	Charles Marquette (1845--1907) was a Sergeant in the United States Army and a Medal of Honor recipient for his role in the American Civil War.	Charles Marquette	American Civil War
conflict	Lieutenant Evander Shapard was a World War I flying ace from the United States serving in the Royal Air Force and credited with six aerial victories.	Evander Shapard	World War I
conflict	The Stevens Model 77E was the most widely used shotgun of the Vietnam War.	Stevens Model 77E	Vietnam War
conflict	William Stacy (February 15, 1734 -- August 1802) was an officer of the Continental Army during the American Revolutionary War, and a pioneer to the Ohio Country.	William Stacy	American Revolutionary War
conflict	Jean-André Valletaux (born 23 November 1773 in Hiersac; † 23 June 1811 Cogorderos) was a French military commander during the French Revolutionary Wars and Napoleonic Wars, Brig-General in the Peninsular War, and Commander of the Legion of Honour.	Jean-André Valletaux	Napoleonic Wars
conflict	Gerhard Fieseler (April 15, 1896 -- September 1, 1987) was a German World War I flying ace, aerobatics champion, and aircraft designer and manufacturer.	Gerhard Fieseler	World War I
conflict	Daniel Weisiger Adams (May 1, 1821 -- June 13, 1872) was a lawyer and a brigadier general in the Confederate States Army during the American Civil War (Civil War).	Daniel Weisiger Adams	American Civil War
conflict	Major James Armand Meissner (1896--1936) was a World War I flying ace credited with eight aerial victories and awarded two Distinguished Service Crosses.	James Armand Meissner	World War I
conflict	Antoine Morlot (5 May 1766 - 23 March 1809) was a French division commander during the French Revolutionary Wars and Napoleonic Wars.	Antoine Morlot	Napoleonic Wars
conflict	The Flammenwerfer 35, or FmW 35 (flame thrower) was a one-man German flamethrower used during World War II to clear out trenches and buildings.	Flammenwerfer 35	World War II
conflict	William de la Pole, 1st Duke of Suffolk, KG (16 October 1396 -- 2 May 1450), was an English commander in the Hundred Years' War and Lord High Admiral of England from 1447 until 1450.	William de la Pole, 1st Duke of Suffolk	Hundred Years' War
conflict	Karl-Ernst Schroeter (3 December 1912 -- 23 May 1943) was a Korvettenkapitän with the Kriegsmarine during World War II and commander of U-121 and U-752.	Karl-Ernst Schroeter	World War II
conflict	Captain Eric Douglas Cummings (13 April 1896 -- 27 October 1979) was an Australian World War I flying ace credited with nine aerial victories while flying for the Australian Flying Corps.	Eric Douglas Cummings	World War I
conflict	Augustus Louis Chetlain (December 26, 1824 -- March 15, 1914) was an United States Army soldier -- the first man in Illinois to volunteer at the outbreak of the American Civil War.	Augustus Louis Chetlain	American Civil War
conflict	Eberhard Wolfram (24 July 1882 -- 6 January 1947) was a Vizeadmiral with the Kriegsmarine during World War II and recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross (German: Ritterkreuz des Eisernen Kreuzes).	Eberhard Wolfram	World War II
conflict	USS Clover (1863) was a steam operated gunboat acquired by the Union Navy during the American Civil War.	USS Clover (1863)	American Civil War
conflict	Gottfried Heinrich Graf zu Pappenheim (29 May 1594 -- 7 November 1632) was a field marshal of the Holy Roman Empire in the Thirty Years' War.	Gottfried Heinrich Graf zu Pappenheim	Thirty Years' War
conflict	Giorgio Basta, Count of Huszt (1544--1607) was an Arbëreshë general employed by the Holy Roman Emperor Rudolf II to command Habsburg forces in the Long War of 1591--1606.	Giorgio Basta	Long War
conflict	Maurice Graham English was a World War I Irish aviator who was shot down by German flying ace Hans Goerth.	Maurice Graham English	World War I
conflict	Lieutenant General Alan Shapley (February 9, 1903 - May 13, 1973) was a United States Marine Corps officer who survived the sinking of the USS Arizona during the World War II Attack on Pearl Harbor, and went on to serve with distinction in the Pacific Theater and later in the Korean War.	Alan Shapley	World War II	Korean War
conflict	Luis González de Ubieta y González del Campillo (1899 -- 1950) was an admiral of the Spanish Republican Navy during the Spanish Civil War.	Luis González de Ubieta	Spanish Civil War
conflict	Fred Godfrey (17 September 1880 -- 22 February 1953) was the pen name of Llewellyn Williams, a World War I songwriter.	Fred Godfrey	World War I
conflict	Colonel Sir William Howe De Lancey KCB (1778 -- 26 June 1815) was an officer in the British Army during the Napoleonic Wars.	William Howe De Lancey	Napoleonic Wars
conflict	Lloyd Tilghman (January 26, 1816 -- May 16, 1863) was a Confederate general in the American Civil War.	Lloyd Tilghman	American Civil War
conflict	Anastasios Karatasos (Greek: Αναστάσιος Καρατάσος; 1764 -- 21 January 1830) was a Greek military commander during the Greek War of Independence was born in the village of Dovras (Δοβράς or Δορβρά), Imathia and is considered to be the most important revolutionary from Macedonia.	Anastasios Karatasos	Greek War of Independence
conflict	Major-General Daniel Hoghton (27 August 1770 -- 16 May 1811) was a talented and experienced British Army officer who served during the Napoleonic Wars with distinction until his death during combat with the French at the Battle of Albuera in the Peninsula War.	Daniel Hoghton	Napoleonic Wars
conflict	Edward R. Hanford (1845--1890) was a private in the 2nd U.S. Cavalry, Company H, during the American Civil War.	Edward R. Hanford	American Civil War
constellation	85 Ceti is an older Flamsteed designation for a star that is now within the borders of the northern constellation of Aries, the ram.	85 Ceti	Aries
constellation	HD 220035 is variable star in the equatorial constellation of Aquarius.	HD 220035	Aquarius
constellation	HD 126128/9 is a triple star in the northern constellation of Boötes.	HD 126128	Boötes
constellation	42 Cancri (42 Cnc or HD 73785) is a star in the constellation Cancer.	42 Cancri	Cancer
constellation	EQ Virginis is a flare star in the constellation of Virgo.	EQ Virginis	Virgo
constellation	HD 143361 b is an extrasolar planet located approximately 194 light-years away in the constellation of Norma, orbiting the 9th magnitude G-type main sequence star HD 143361.	HD 143361 b	Norma
constellation	11 Comae Berenices b, (11 Com b) is an extrasolar planet orbiting the star 11 Comae Berenices, approximately 360.79lys away in the constellation of Coma Berenices.	11 Comae Berenices b	Coma Berenices
constellation	11 Ursae Minoris b is an extrasolar planet which orbits the K-type giant star 11 Ursae Minoris, located approximately 390 light years away in the constellation Ursa Minor.	11 Ursae Minoris b	Ursa Minor
constellation	V838 Monocerotis (V838 Mon) is a red variable star in the constellation Monoceros about 20,000 light years (6 kpc) from the Sun. The previously unknown star was observed in early 2002 experiencing a major outburst, and was possibly one of the largest known stars for a short period following the outburst.	V838 Monocerotis	Monoceros
constellation	Eta Capricorni (η Cap, η Capricorni) is a binary star in the constellation Capricornus.	Eta Capricorni	Capricornus
constellation	NGC 55 is a Magellanic type barred spiral galaxy located about 7 million light-years away in the constellation Sculptor.	NGC 55	Sculptor
constellation	HD 164712 is a giant star in the southern constellation of Apus.	HD 164712	Apus
constellation	NGC 6818 (also known as Little Gem Nebula) is a planetary nebula located in the constellation of Sagittarius.	NGC 6818	Sagittarius
constellation	LHS 292 is a red dwarf in the constellation Sextans.	LHS 292	Sextans
constellation	78 Pegasi (78 Peg) is a star in the constellation Pegasus.	78 Pegasi	Pegasus
constellation	19 Monocerotis (19 Mon) is a star in the constellation Monoceros.	19 Monocerotis	Monoceros
constellation	NGC 3621 is a field spiral galaxy about 22 Mly (6.7 Mpc) away in the constellation of Hydra (The Sea Snake).	NGC 3621	Hydra
constellation	NGC 2915 is a blue dwarf galaxy located 12 million light-years away in the southern constellation Chamaeleon, right on the edge of the Local Group.	NGC 2915	Chamaeleon
constellation	Kappa Scorpii (κ Sco, κ Scorpii) is a binary star system in the southern constellation of Scorpius.	Kappa Scorpii	Scorpius
constellation	Chi Virginis b (also known as HD 110014 b) is an extrasolar planet which orbits the K-type giant star Chi Virginis, located approximately 294 light years away in the constellation Virgo.	Chi Virginis b	Virgo
constellation	NGC 4700 is a spiral galaxy located 50 million light years away in the constellation of Virgo.	NGC 4700	Virgo
constellation	36 Aquarii (abbreviated 36 Aqr) is a yellow main sequence star in the constellation of Aquarius.	36 Aquarii	Aquarius
constellation	Epsilon Delphini (ε Del, ε Delphini) is a blue-white giant star approximately 358 light-years away in the constellation Delphinus.	Epsilon Delphini	Delphinus
constellation	NGC 6871 is a small, young open cluster in the constellation of Cygnus.	NGC 6871	Cygnus
constellation	WASP-4 is a G-type main sequence star approximately 1,000 light-years away in the constellation of Phoenix.	WASP-4	Phoenix
constellation	104 Aquarii (abbreviated 104 Aqr) is a star in the equatorial constellation of Aquarius.	104 Aquarii	Aquarius
constellation	NGC 5477 is a dwarf galaxy located in the constellation of Ursa Major, 20 million light years away from Earth.	NGC 5477	Ursa Major
constellation	SN 2006X was a Type Ia supernova about 65 million light-years away in Messier 100, a spiral galaxy in the constellation Coma Berenices.	SN 2006X	Coma Berenices
constellation	NML Cygni is a part of the Cygnus OB2 association, one of the closest massive associations to the Sun, spanning nearly 2° on the sky or ∼30 pc in radius at the distance of 1.74 ± 0.2 kpc.	NML Cygni	Cygnus
constellation	PSR J0855-4644 is a pulsar in the constellation Vela, and could be associated with supernova remnant RX J0852.0-4622 which may have exploded about 1200 years ago.	PSR J0855-4644	Vela
constellation	134 Tauri (134 Tau) is a blue subgiant star in the constellation Taurus.	134 Tauri	Taurus
constellation	The Flame Nebula, designated as NGC 2024 and Sh2-277, is an emission nebula in the constellation Orion.	Flame Nebula	Orion
constellation	Phi Centauri (φ Cen, φ Centauri) is a star in the constellation Centaurus.	Phi Centauri	Centaurus
constellation	Delta Cephei (δ Cep, δ Cephei) is the Bayer designation for a quadruple star system located approximately 887 light-years away in the northern circumpolar constellation of Cepheus, the King.	Delta Cephei	Cepheus
constellation	HD 37124 c is an extrasolar planet approximately 108 light-years away in the constellation of Taurus.	HD 37124 c	Taurus
constellation	2M1207b is a planetary-mass object orbiting the brown dwarf 2M1207, in the constellation Centaurus, approximately 170 light-years from Earth.	2M1207b	Centaurus
constellation	Lambda Caeli, (λ Cae, λ Caeli), also known as HD 1989 is an optical double star in the constellation Caelum.	Lambda Caeli	Caelum
constellation	HD 15920 is a 5th magnitude star in the constellation Cassiopeia, approximately 260 light years away from Earth.	HD 15920	Cassiopeia
constellation	Iota Serpentis (ι Ser, ι Serpentis) is a star system in the constellation Serpens, in its head (Serpens Caput).	Iota Serpentis	Serpens
constellation	HD 188385 is a star in the equatorial constellation of Aquila.	HD 188385	Aquila
constellation	HD 86264 is a 7th magnitude F-type main sequence star located approximately 224 light years away in the constellation Hydra.	HD 86264	Hydra
constellation	Chi Tauri (χ Tau, χ Tauri) is a binary star in the constellation Taurus.	Chi Tauri	Taurus
constellation	NGC 4323 is a galaxy about 52.5 million light-years away in the constellation Coma Berenices.	NGC 4323	Coma Berenices
constellation	HD 108541, is a star located in the constellation Centaurus.	HD 108541	Centaurus
constellation	39 Aquarii (abbreviated 39 Aqr) is a star in the constellation of Aquarius.	39 Aquarii	Aquarius
constellation	HD 49674 b is an extrasolar planet located approximately 134 light-years away in the constellation of Auriga, orbiting the star HD 49674.	HD 49674 b	Auriga
constellation	COROT-6 is a magnitude 13.9 star located in the Ophiuchus constellation.	COROT-6	Ophiuchus
constellation	NGC 7635, also called the Bubble Nebula, Sharpless 162, or Caldwell 11, is a H II region emission nebula in the constellation Cassiopeia.	NGC 7635	Cassiopeia
constellation	HD 148156 b (also known as HIP 80680 b) is an extrasolar planet which orbits the G-type main sequence star HD 148156, located approximately 168 light years away in the constellation Norma.	HD 148156 b	Norma
constellation	HD 111968, also known by the Bayer designation n Centauri (n Cen), is a star in the constellation Centaurus.	HD 111968	Centaurus
constellation	V831 Centauri (V831 Cen) is a star in the constellation Centaurus.	V831 Centauri	Centaurus
constellation	RR Ursae Minoris (RR UMi, also this is, probably, Tau Ursae Minoris) is a star in the constellation Ursa Minor.	RR Ursae Minoris	Ursa Minor
constellation	47 Tauri (47 Tau) is a yellow giant star in the constellation Taurus.	47 Tauri	Taurus
constellation	55 Ursae Majoris (55 UMa) is a star in the constellation Ursa Major.	55 Ursae Majoris	Ursa Major
constellation	HD 70573 b is a superjovian planet orbiting the youngest RV host star HD 70573 approximately 149 light-years away in the constellation of Hydra.	HD 70573 b	Hydra
constellation	AM Canum Venaticorum is a cataclysmic variable binary star in the constellation of Canes Venatici.	AM Canum Venaticorum	Canes Venatici
constellation	NGC 19 is a spiral galaxy in the Andromeda constellation.	NGC 19	Andromeda
constellation	18 Monocerotis (18 Mon) is a star in the constellation Monoceros.	18 Monocerotis	Monoceros
constellation	NGC 2158 is an open cluster in the constellation of Gemini.	NGC 2158	Gemini
constellation	HD 145377 is a G type star that is a little hotter and a little larger than the Sun. It is located in the southern constellation Scorpius.	HD 145377	Scorpius
constellation	NGC 1187 is a spiral galaxy located about 60 million light-years away in the constellation of Eridanus.	NGC 1187	Eridanus
constellation	The M74 Group (also known as the NGC 628 Group) is a small group of galaxies in the constellation Pisces.	M74 Group	Pisces
constellation	WASP-16 is a magnitude 11 yellow dwarf main sequence star, with characteristics similar to our Sun, located in the Virgo constellation.	WASP-16	Virgo
constellation	NGC 518 is a spiral galaxy located in the Pisces constellation.	NGC 518	Pisces
constellation	HR 3833 is an orange, type K1III, giant star in the constellation of Antlia that shines with a vis mag of 5.62 from a distance of 279 ly at RA 9h 37m 9.9s, Dec -32° 10' 43``.	HR 3833	Antlia
constellation	35 Comae Berenices (35 Com) is a yellow giant star in the constellation Coma Berenices.	35 Comae Berenices	Coma Berenices
constellation	NGC 6200 is an open cluster in the constellation Ara, lying close to the galactic equator.	NGC 6200	Ara
constellation	HR 6806 is a solitary, orange, main sequence (K2 V) star located thirty-six light-years away, in the constellation Hercules.	HR 6806	Hercules
constellation	52 Arietis (abbreviated 52 Ari) is a triple star system in the northern constellation of Aries.	52 Arietis	Aries
constellation	NGC 6087 is an open cluster of 40 or more stars centered on the Cepheid variable S Normae in the constellation Norma.	NGC 6087	Norma
constellation	Supernova 1604, also known as Kepler's Supernova, Kepler's Nova or Kepler's Star, was a supernova of Type Ia that occurred in the Milky Way, in the constellation Ophiuchus.	Kepler's Supernova	Ophiuchus
constellation	Kappa Geminorum (κ Gem, κ Geminorum) is a Class G8, fourth-magnitude star in the constellation Gemini.	Kappa Geminorum	Gemini
constellation	OGLE-TR-56 is a dim, distant, magnitude 17 Sun-like star located approximately 1500 parsecs away in the constellation of Sagittarius.	OGLE-TR-56	Sagittarius
continent	Green Spur (64°43′S 63°20′W) is a green colored spur extending from Copper Peak, on the southeast side of Anvers Island, in the Palmer Archipelago of Antarctica.	Green Spur	Antarctica
continent	The Vee Cliffs are steep, mainly ice-covered cliffs, 7 km (4 nautical miles) long, between Aurora and the Terror Glacier on the south shore of Ross Island, Antarctica.	Vee Cliffs	Antarctica
continent	Huma Nunatak (Bulgarian: нунатак Хума, ``Nunatak Huma'' \'nu-na-tak 'hu-ma\) is the rocky hill rising to 580 m in the west part of Zavera Snowfield, in the northeast foothills of Detroit Plateau on southern Trinity Peninsula in Graham Land, Antarctica.	Huma Nunatak	Antarctica
continent	Shanklin Glacier (84°37′S 176°40′E) is a glacier in the Hughes Range of Antarctica, flowing southeast from Mount Waterman to enter Muck Glacier at a point 8 km (5 mi) west of Ramsey Glacier.	Shanklin Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Johnstone Glacier (71°52′S 163°53′E) is a small glacier located 1 nautical mile (2 km) east of Zenith Glacier, draining from the southern extremity of the Lanterman Range in the Bowers Mountains of Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Johnstone Glacier	Antarctica
country	Dandıx (also, Dandykh and Dandıq) is a village in the Qabala Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Dandıx	Azerbaijan
country	The Rayong Aquarium (Thai: สถานแสดงพันธุ์สัตว์น้ำระยอง) is a public aquarium in the town of Rayong, Rayong Province, Thailand.	Rayong Aquarium	Thailand
country	Abbeydorney railway station served the village of Abbeydorney in County Kerry, Ireland.	Abbeydorney railway station	Ireland
country	Agualeguas is both a city and a municipality located in the northeastern part of the state of Nuevo León, Mexico, (26°19′N 99°32′W).	Agualeguas	Mexico
country	The Humanist Party of Ontario (HPO) is an unregistered political party in Ontario, Canada.	Humanist Party of Ontario	Canada
country	The Estadio León, unofficially known as Nou Camp, is a mid-sized football stadium with a seating capacity of 28,759 built in 1967, and located in the city of León, Guanajuato, in the Bajío region of central Mexico.	Estadio León	Mexico
country	The Trascău Mountains are located in the Apuseni mountain range of the Western Romanian Carpathians, in Romania.	Trascău Mountains	Romania
country	Csömör (Hungarian pronunciation: (ˈtʃømør)) is a village in Hungary, in Pest county, Budapest metropolitan area in the Gödöllő subregion (kistérség).	Csömör	Hungary
country	Tymce (ˈtɨmt͡sɛ) (Ukrainian: Тимці, Tymtsi) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubaczów, within Lubaczów County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine.	Tymce	Poland
country	Mount Sikaram is a mountain in the Spin Ghar range on the Afghanistan--	Mount Sikaram	Afghanistan
country	The Bat Yam Municipal Stadium (Hebrew: האצטדיון העירוני בת ים‎, HaEtztadion HaIroni Bat Yam) is a football stadium in Bat Yam in central Israel.	Bat Yam Municipal Stadium	Israel
country	Coal Banks Trail is a 30-kilometre multipurpose recreational path in Lethbridge, Alberta, Canada.	Coal Banks Trail	Canada
country	The University of Haifa (Hebrew: אוניברסיטת חיפה‎, Arabic: جامعة حيفا‎) is a public research university in Haifa, Israel.	University of Haifa	Israel
country	Fengxin County (simplified Chinese: 奉新县; traditional Chinese: 奉新縣; pinyin: Fèngxīn Xiàn) is a county of Jiangxi province, People's Republic of China.	Fengxin County	People's Republic of China
country	Lac Dumoine is a lake in Abitibi-Témiscamingue region, in southern Quebec, Canada.	Lac Dumoine	Canada
country	Raposeira is a former civil parish in the municipality of Vila do Bispo, in the southern Algarve, Portugal.	Raposeira	Portugal
country	Moradabad-e Abu ol Qasem (Persian: مرادابادابوالقاسم‎, also Romanized as Morādābād-e Abū ol Qāsem) is a village in Bahadoran Rural District, in the Central District of Mehriz County, Yazd Province, Iran.	Moradabad-e Abu ol Qasem	Iran
country	The Otay Formation is a geologic formation in San Diego County, California (U.S.) and northern Baja California state (Mexico).	Otay Formation	Mexico
country	Lazina (pronounced (ˈlaːzina)) is a small village east of Hinje in the Municipality of Žužemberk in southeastern Slovenia.	Lazina	Slovenia
country	Unified Lumumbist Party (French: Parti Lumumbiste Unifié or PALU) is a political party in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.	Unified Lumumbist Party	Democratic Republic of the Congo
country	Cublize is a commune in the Rhône department in eastern France.	Cublize	France
country	Vinaròs (Valencian pronunciation: (vinaˈɾɔs)) is a town and municipality in eastern Spain, in the province of Castellón and part of the autonomous Valencian Community.	Vinaròs	Spain
country	Grønlands torg is a square in Grønland, Oslo, Norway.	Grønlands torg	Norway
country	Kufr Rakeb (Arabic: كفر راكب) is a town in Irbid Governorate in Jordan.	Kufr Rakeb	Jordan
country	Pelynt (Cornish: Pluwnennys, Pluwnonna) is a civil parish and village in Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.	Pelynt	United Kingdom
country	The Seoul Capital Area (SCA) is the metropolitan area of Seoul located in the north-west of South Korea.	Seoul Capital Area	South Korea
country	Okanghudi is a small settlement in the Ohangwena Region in Namibia, which is noted for being the birthplace of Namibian President Hifikepunye Pohamba.	Okanghudi	Namibia
country	Alexander Falls is a waterfall on Madeley Creek, a tributary of Callaghan Creek in the Callaghan Valley area of the Sea to Sky Country of southwestern British Columbia, Canada.	Alexander Falls	Canada
country	Metropolitan Mall opened on 1993, is a shopping and entertainment center in Bekasi city, Indonesia.	Metropolitan Mall	Indonesia
country	Trapezitsa (Greek: Τραπεζίτσα) is a village and a community of the Voio municipality in Greece.	Trapezitsa	Greece
country	The Apurímac River (Spanish: Río Apurímac, IPA: (ˈri.o apuˈɾimak); from Quechua apu 'divinity' and rimaq 'oracle, talker') rises from glacial meltwater of the ridge of the Mismi, a 5,597-metre-high (18,363 ft) mountain in the Arequipa Province in southern Peru.	Apurímac River	Peru
country	The Rinža (German: Rinse, Rinnse) is a river of Slovenia.	Rinža	Slovenia
country	Jleeb Al-Shuyoukh (Arabic: جليب الشيوخ Transliteration: Jalīb Al-Shuyūkh) is a town in Kuwait.	Jleeb Al-Shuyoukh	Kuwait
country	Riedlingsdorf (Hungarian: 'Rödöny') is a municipality in Burgenland in the district Oberwart in Austria.	Riedlingsdorf	Austria
country	Dvorovi (Cyrillic: Дворови) is a town located just north of the city of Bijeljina in Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Dvorovi	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Takht-e Tuk (Persian: تخت توك‎, also Romanized as Takht-e Tūḵ) is a village in Seyyedvaliyeddin Rural District, Sardasht District, Dezful County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Takht-e Tuk	Iran
country	Hesarooie Motor-e Nazar Narooyi Ahmad (Persian: حصاروئیه موتور نظر نارویی احمد ‎) is a village in Nosratabad Rural District (Sistan and Baluchestan Province), in the Mirjaveh of Zahedan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Hesarooie Motor-e Nazar Narooyi Ahmad	Iran
country	Loutra Elenis (Greek: Λουτρά Ελένης, also: Λουτρά Ωραίας Ελένης Loutra Oraias Elenis, lit. the Baths of beautiful Helen) is a village in Corinthia, Greece.	Loutra Elenis	Greece
country	Anjerak (Persian: انجرك‎, also Romanized as Anjerak; also known as Anjīrak) is a village in Rud Ab-e Gharbi Rural District, Rud Ab District, Narmashir County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Anjerak	Iran
country	The 2012 Michoacán earthquake occurred in Mexico on 11 April with a moment magnitude of 6.5.	2012 Michoacán earthquake	Mexico
country	Kalamata International Airport (Greek: Κρατικός Αερολιμένας Καλαμάτας) (IATA: KLX, ICAO: LGKL) ``Captain Vassilis Constantakopoulos'' is an airport in the city of Kalamata, Greece.	Kalamata International Airport	Greece
country	Yale Atlético Clube, usually called Yale, was one of the first sports club in Belo Horizonte, Minas Gerais, Brazil.	Yale Atlético Clube	Brazil
country	Hornby Lighthouse, also known as South Head Lower Light, is an active lighthouse located on the tip of South Head, New South Wales, Australia, a headland to the north of the suburb Watsons Bay.	Hornby Lighthouse	Australia
country	Nising or Nisang is a town near Karnal, Haryana (India) on Karnal-Kaithal highway.	Nising	India
country	Ranchi University is a university in Jharkhand state of India.	Ranchi University	India
country	Johanneberg Science Park was established in December 2009 by the Chalmers University of Technology Foundation and the City of Gothenburg to create better conditions for regional sustainable growth, based on the activities currently conducted within Chalmers University of Technology at Campus Johanneberg in Gothenburg, Sweden.	Johanneberg Science Park	Sweden
country	The Parañaque River (Filipino: Ilog Parañaque) is a river in Metro Manila in the Philippines.	Parañaque River	Philippines
country	Ikh Bogd (Mongolian: Их Богд, lit. ``great saint''), also known as Tergun Bogd, is the highest mountain of the Gobi-Altai Mountains and located in the Bayankhongor Province in Mongolia.	Ikh Bogd	Mongolia
country	The Tourism Association of Koh Samui is a tourism organisation on Ko Samui, Thailand.	Tourism Association of Koh Samui	Thailand
country	The BDC Building, 22-storey office tower (91.0 m), is the 5th tallest building in Hamilton, Ontario, Canada.	BDC Building	Canada
country	Even in these times, Mödling grew grapes; after Langenlois, it was the largest grape-growing community in Lower Austria.	Mödling	Austria
country	Krietzschwitz is a village in the municipality of Pirna, in Saxony, Germany.	Krietzschwitz	Germany
country	Züsch is a municipality located in Trier-Saarburg county, in the state of Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.	Züsch	Germany
country	Pribeta (Hungarian: Perbete, Hungarian pronunciation:(ˈpɛrbɛtɛ)) is a village and municipality in the Komárno District in the Nitra Region of south-west Slovakia.	Pribeta	Slovakia
country	Bar Aftab-e Sipeh (Persian: برافتاب سيپه‎, also Romanized as Bar Āftāb-e Sīpeh) is a village in Hati Rural District, Hati District, Lali County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Bar Aftab-e Sipeh	Iran
country	The Jatigede Dam is an embankment dam on the Cimanuk River in Sumedang Regency, West Java, Indonesia.	Jatigede Dam	Indonesia
country	Kongsberg Mesotech Ltd, based in Port Coquitlam, BC, Canada, is informally operated by Kongsberg Gruppen.	Kongsberg Mesotech	Canada
country	Jiayin County (simplified Chinese: 嘉荫县; traditional Chinese: 嘉蔭縣; pinyin: Jiāyīn Xiàn) is a county of eastern Heilongjiang province, People's Republic of China.	Jiayin County	People's Republic of China
country	The Östra Torp Church (Swedish: Östra Torps kyrka) is a church building in Smygehamn, Sweden.	Östra Torp Church	Sweden
country	Analamazaotra Forest Station is a community-managed protected area adjacent to Analamazaotra Reserve and Andasibe-Mantadia National Park in the Alaotra-Mangoro region of east-central Madagascar.	Analamazaotra Forest Station	Madagascar
country	Hanson Bay is a large bay which comprises almost the entire east coast of Chatham Island/Rekohu, the largest island in New Zealand's Chatham Islands archipelago.	Hanson Bay	New Zealand
country	Lake Tissongo is a lake of western Cameroon.	Lake Tissongo	Cameroon
country	The Centro de Eventos Valle del Pacifico (Pacific Valley Events Center) is a convention center located in the city of Cali, Colombia on the highway between Yumbo and Cali.	Centro de Eventos Valle del Pacifico	Colombia
country	Vernéřovice (German: Deutsch Wernersdorf) is a village in the Náchod District of the Hradec Králové Region, Czech Republic.	Vernéřovice	Czech Republic
country	The Britz Canal, or Britzer Verbindungskanal in German, is a 3.4-kilometre (2.1 mi) long canal in Berlin, Germany.	Britz Canal	Germany
country	Kengun Shrine is the oldest traditional shrine in Kumamoto City, Kumamoto Prefecture, Japan.	Kengun Shrine	Japan
country	Oddesund Bridge (Danish: Oddesundbroen) is a road and railway bascule bridge that crosses the Oddesund strait between the peninsulas of Jutland and Thyholm in Denmark.	Oddesund Bridge	Denmark
country	The Erramala (Telugu: ఎఱ్ఱమల) are a range of low hills in southern India, in Kurnool district of Andhra Pradesh state.	Erramala	India
country	Olocuilta is a municipality in the La Paz department of El Salvador, just a few kilometers down the highway from Santo Tomás.	Olocuilta	El Salvador
country	The Francois Lake Group is a stratigraphical unit of the Nechako Plateau in the central Interior of British Columbia, Canada.	Francois Lake Group	Canada
country	Kutsayoki River (Russian: Кутсайоки) is a river in the south of the Kola Peninsula in Murmansk Oblast, Russia.	Kutsayoki River	Russia
country	The Port of Zhongshan is a natural estuary port located on the coast of Zhongshan Prefectural Level city, Guangdong, People's Republic of China.	Port of Zhongshan	People's Republic of China
country	Tepe Yahya is an archaeological site in Kermān Province, Iran, some 220 km south of Kerman city, 90 km south of Baft city and 90 km south-west of Jiroft.	Tepe Yahya	Iran
country	Wormeldange (Luxembourgish: Wuermeldeng, German: Wormeldingen) is a commune and small town in eastern Luxembourg.	Wormeldange	Luxembourg
country	Ab Beli Zilayi (Persian: اب بلي زيلائي‎, also Romanized as Āb Belī Zīlāyī) is a village in Margown Rural District, Margown District, Boyer-Ahmad County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Ab Beli Zilayi	Iran
country	Zherizhah (Persian: ژريژه‎‎, also Romanized as Zherīzhah and Zherīzheh; also known as Zhelīzheh) is a village in Zherizhah Rural District, in the Central District of Sarvabad County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Zherizhah	Iran
country	Deir ez-Zor Airport (Arabic: مطار دير الزور‎) (IATA: DEZ, ICAO: OSDZ) is an airport serving Deir ez-Zor, a city in northeastern Syria.	Deir ez-Zor Airport	Syria
country	Great Plain and North (Hungarian: Alföld és Észak) is a statistical (NUTS 1) region of Hungary.	Great Plain and North	Hungary
country	A Calandreta (Occitan pronunciation: (kalanˈdɾɛtɔ)) is a bilingual school in Occitania in the South of France where the Occitan language is taught alongside the French language.	Calandreta	France
country	The Lanjak Entimau Wildlife Sanctuary is situated on the island of Borneo, in Malaysia.	Lanjak Entimau Wildlife Sanctuary	Malaysia
country	Sheykh Chupan (Persian: شيخ چوپان‎, also Romanized as Sheykh Chūpān; also known as Shaikh Chapān) is a village in Tamugheh Rural District, in the Central District of Saqqez County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Sheykh Chupan	Iran
country	Dehmolla (Persian: دهملا‎, also Romanized as Dehmollā, Deh-e Mollā, and Deh-i-Mulla; also known as Kalāteh-ye Mollā) is a village in Dehmolla Rural District, in the Central District of Shahrud County, Semnan Province, Iran.	Dehmolla	Iran
country	Divjakë is a town and a municipality in Fier County, western Albania.	Divjakë	Albania
country	Monte Pruno is a mountain in the southern Cilento region of the Province of Salerno, in the Campania region, of southern Italy.	Monte Pruno	Italy
country	Bolpur-Santiniketan is a municipality in Birbhum District in the state of West Bengal, India.	Bolpur	India
country	Oulhaça El Gheraba (English: Ulhasa) is a municipality in north-western Algeria.	Oulhaça El Gheraba	Algeria
country	King Street Wharf (covering approximately five hectares), is a former maritime industrial area on the eastern shore of Darling Harbour, an inlet of Sydney Harbour, Australia, that has been redeveloped into a mixed use tourism, commercial, residential and maritime development as part of the extensive redevelopment in the general area.	King Street Wharf	Australia
country	Cham Khun (Persian: چمخون‎, also Romanized as Cham Khūn) is a village in Babuyi Rural District, Basht District, Basht County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Cham Khun	Iran
country	Mosman Rowing Club is an all-level competitive and recreational rowing club on the North Shore of Sydney, Australia.	Mosman Rowing Club	Australia
country	Blathur is a village in Kannur, Kerala, India, located approximately 38 kilometres north-east of the district headquarters, Kannur.	Blathur	India
country	Loyettes Airfield is an abandoned World War II United States Army Air Forces military airfield in France, which was located approximately 1 km north of Loyettes (Département de l'Ain,Rhone-Alpes), 28 km east of Lyon.	Loyettes Airfield	France
country	Skiby (ˈskibɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chęciny, within Kielce County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Skiby	Poland
country	The Astoria River is a short river in Jasper National Park, Alberta, Canada.	Astoria River	Canada
country	Hispar Pass (or Hispar La) (el. 5,128 m./16,824 ft.) is a high-altitude, non-technical mountain pass in the Karakoram Range in Pakistan.	Hispar Pass	Pakistan
country	Fondettes is a commune in the suburbs of Tours in the Indre-et-Loire department in central France.	Fondettes	France
country	Zamin Shahi (Persian: زمين شاهي‎, also Romanized as Zamīn Shāhī; also known as Zamīn Shāh) is a village in Qaleh Qafeh Rural District, in the Central District of Minudasht County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Zamin Shahi	Iran
country	San Jose Adventist Academy Inc. (SJAA) is a private non-sectarian institution in San Jose, Occidental Mindoro, Philippines.	San Jose Adventist Academy Inc.	Philippines
country	The Isiboro River is a river of Bolivia.	Isiboro River	Bolivia
country	Awatapu College is a State Co-Educational Secondary School in Awapuni, Palmerston North, New Zealand.	Awatapu College	New Zealand
country	The Sacred Mount Calvary of Domodossola (also known as Sacro Monte Calvario) is a Roman Catholic sanctuary on the Mattarella Hill, overlooking Domodossola (Piedmont, northern Italy).	Sacred Mount Calvary of Domodossola	Italy
country	Baix Maestrat (Valencian pronunciation: (ˈbajʒ maesˈtɾat), Spanish: Bajo Maestrazgo) is a comarca in the province of Castellón, Valencian Community, Spain.	Baix Maestrat	Spain
country	Bad Lausick (German pronunciation: (ˈbaːt ˈlaʊzɪk)) is a town in the Leipzig district, in the Free State of Saxony, Germany.	Bad Lausick	Germany
country	The Standseilbahn Stuttgart or Stuttgart Cable Car is a funicular railway in the city of Stuttgart, Germany.	Standseilbahn Stuttgart	Germany
country	Jagdgeschwader 11 (JG 11) was a German fighter wing () of the Luftwaffe during World War II. Its primary role was the defense of Northern Germany against Allied day bomber raids.	Jagdgeschwader 11	Germany
country	Fathabad-e Shur (Persian: فتح اباد شور‎, also Romanized as Fatḩābād-e Shūr; also known as Fatḩābād) is a village in Yazdanabad Rural District, Yazdanabad District, Zarand County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Fathabad-e Shur	Iran
country	Ravne pri Cerknem (pronounced (ˈraːu̯nɛ pɾi ˈtseːɾknɛm)) is a settlement west of Cerkno in the traditional Littoral region of Slovenia.	Ravne pri Cerknem	Slovenia
country	The Bismarck Range is a mountain range in the central highlands of Papua New Guinea.	Bismarck Range	Papua New Guinea
country	Penville or Pennville is a village in Dominica's Saint Andrew Parish.	Penville	Dominica
country	Burlington Transit is the public transport provider in the city of Burlington, Ontario, Canada.	Burlington Transit	Canada
country	The Museo delle Mura (``museum of the walls'') is an archaeological museum in Rome, Italy.	Museo delle Mura	Italy
country	Neglinnaya Street (Russian: Неглинная улица) is a street inside the Garden Ring of Moscow, Russia.	Neglinnaya Street	Russia
country	Port Owen is a marina in the town of Velddrif, 145 km from Cape Town on the West Coast of the Cape Province of South Africa.	Port Owen	South Africa
country	Gmina Iwaniska is a rural gmina (administrative district) in Opatów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Gmina Iwaniska	Poland
country	Salla Jaqhi or Sallajaqhi (Aymara salla rock, cliff, jaqhi cliff, ``rock cliff'', hispanicized spelling Sallajaque) is a mountain in the Andes of southern Peru, about 5,180.1 metres (16,995 ft) high.	Salla Jaqhi	Peru
country	Saint Vincent Passage is a strait in the Caribbean, at 13.5°N 61°W. It separates the Saint Lucia and Saint Vincent.	Saint Vincent Passage	Saint Lucia
country	Notaresco is a town and commune in the Teramo province in the Abruzzo region of eastern central Italy.	Notaresco	Italy
country	Kfeir is a small village nestled 900 m above sea level along the steep slopes of the top of the air in Lebanon.	Kfeir	Lebanon
country	Tarimul is a small village on the banks of Sendhei River in the Kendujhar District of Orissa, India.	Tarimul	India
country	The Naranjo de Bulnes (known as Picu Urriellu in Asturian) is a limestone peak dating from the paleozoic era, located in the Macizo Central region of the Picos de Europa, Asturias (Spain).	Naranjo de Bulnes	Spain
country	St. Mary's College Kisubi (SMACK) is a boys-only boarding middle and high school located in Wakiso District in the Central Region of Uganda.	St. Mary's College Kisubi	Uganda
country	The Hellenic Statistical Authority (Greek: Ελληνική Στατιστική Αρχή, IPA: (eliniˈci statistiˈci arˈçi)), known by its acronym ELSTAT (Greek: ΕΛ.ΣΤΑΤ), is the national statistical service of Greece.	Hellenic Statistical Authority	Greece
country	The Stoclet Palace (French: Palais Stoclet, Dutch: Stocletpaleis) is a mansion in Brussels, Belgium.	Stoclet Palace	Belgium
country	Mane Braz is a Megalithic tomb located 2 km southeast of Erdeven, Brittany, France.	Mane Braz	France
country	Meyami (Persian: Mayāmey‎, also Romanized as Mayāmī, Maiāmai) is a city in and capital of Meyami County, Semnan Province, Iran.	Meyami	Iran
country	Hersvik Church (Norwegian: Hersvik kyrkje) is a parish church in Solund Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county, Norway.	Hersvik Church	Norway
country	Danviksbron or, alternatively, Danviksbro (``Danvik Bridge'') is a bascule bridge in central Stockholm, Sweden, connecting the eastern end of Södermalm to the eastern municipality Nacka.	Danviksbro	Sweden
country	Hengchun Airport (Chinese: 恆春機場; pinyin: Héngchūn Jīchǎng) (IATA: HCN, ICAO: RCKW) is an airport in Renshou Village, Hengchun Township, Pingtung County, Taiwan.	Hengchun Airport	Taiwan
country	Buckie is in the Moray (Westminster) constituency of The United Kingdom Parliament which returns a Member of Parliament (MP) to the House of Commons, at Westminster.	Buckie	United Kingdom
country	Plesetsk (Russian: Плесе́цк) is an urban locality (a work settlement) and the administrative center of Plesetsky District, Arkhangelsk Oblast, Russia, situated about 800 kilometers (500 mi) northeast of Moscow and 180 kilometers (110 mi) south of Arkhangelsk.	Plesetsk	Russia
country	Branco River (Acre) (engl. White River) is a river of Acre state in western Brazil.	Branco River (Acre)	Brazil
country	Zartonk (Armenian: Զարթոնք), is a village in the Armavir Province of Armenia.	Zartonk	Armenia
country	India census, Tekari had a population of 17,615.	Tekari	India
country	Korneuburg (German pronunciation: (kɔʁˈnɔʏbʊʁk)) is a town in Austria.	Korneuburg	Austria
country	St Petersburg Classical Gymnasium is a coeducational public school (# 610) established in 1989 in St Petersburg, Russia.	St Petersburg Classical Gymnasium	Russia
country	Halfway Bush is a suburb of the New Zealand city of Dunedin.	Halfway Bush	New Zealand
country	Trešnjevac (Serbian Cyrillic: Трешњевац, Hungarian: Oromhegyes) is a village in Serbia.	Trešnjevac	Serbia
country	Józsefváros (German: Josefstadt) is the 8th district of Budapest, Hungary.	Józsefváros	Hungary
country	Rimkai is a village in Jonava district municipality, Kaunas County, central Lithuania.	Rimkai	Lithuania
country	Bukowina Bobrzańska (bukɔˈvina bɔˈbʐaɲska) (German: Buchwald bei Sagan) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żagań, within Żagań County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.	Bukowina Bobrzańska	Poland
country	Vyoshenskaya (Russian: Вёшенская) or Veshenskaya, colloquially known as Vyoshki, is a rural locality (a stanitsa) and the administrative center of Sholokhovsky District of Rostov Oblast, Russia, located in the northern reaches of the Don River on its left bank.	Vyoshenskaya	Russia
country	The Caños Dorados Prizes (Premio Caños Dorados) are annual international prizes awarded in Spain to an original short story and an original poem written in the Spanish language.	Caños Dorados Prize	Spain
country	Olachiq (Persian: آلاچيق‎, also Romanized as Olāchīq) is a village in Sarcheshmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Rafsanjan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Olachiq	Iran
country	Lake Poerua is a shallow lake located in the West Coast region of New Zealand's South Island roughly 13 km southeast from Lake Brunner.	Lake Poerua	New Zealand
country	Rejczuchy (rɛi̯ˈt͡ʂuxɨ) (German: Karolinenhof) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Barczewo, within Olsztyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Rejczuchy	Poland
country	Druzhkivka (Ukrainian: Дружківка, Russian: Дружковка, Druzhkovka) is a city of oblast significance in Donetsk Oblast (province) of Ukraine.	Druzhkivka	Ukraine
country	Neft Daşları (Azerbaijani: Neft Daşları, Russian: Нефтяные Камни, also known as the Oil Rocks) is an industrial settlement in Baku, Azerbaijan.	Neft Daşları	Azerbaijan
country	Pagan Records is an independent extreme metal record label based in Poland.	Pagan Records	Poland
country	Palacio de Deportes de la Comunidad de Madrid (English: Community of Madrid Sports Centre), since July 2014 called Barclaycard Center for sponsorship reasons, is an indoor sporting arena located in the City of Madrid, Spain.	Palacio de Deportes de la Comunidad de Madrid	Spain
country	The Buddhist Kushans ruled parts of Afghanistan and northern India, including Kashmir, during the first three centuries CE. The Chinese traveler Xuanzang passed this area in the 7th century; he described Ushkur as a flourishing centre of Buddhism.	Ushkur	India
country	Soleyman Bolaghi (Persian: سليمان بلاغي‎, also Romanized as Soleymān Bolāghī; also known as Soleymān Bolāgh, Soleymānbūlāghī, Sulaimanbulāqi, and Suleyman-Bulag) is a village in Qareh Poshtelu-e Pain Rural District, Qareh Poshtelu District, Zanjan County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Soleyman Bolaghi	Iran
country	Babine River Corridor Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia, Canada, located to the north of Hazelton.	Babine River Corridor Provincial Park	Canada
country	Tigdidine (also written Tiguedidine) is a village in the commune of Djamaa, in El Oued Province, Algeria.	Tigdidine	Algeria
country	The Giardino Botanico e Arboreto Appenninico del Parco Nazionale d'Abruzzo is a botanical garden and arboretum located in the Parco Nazionale d'Abruzzo, Lazio e Molise at via Santa Lucia, 67032 Pescasseroli, Province of L'Aquila, Abruzzo, Italy.	Giardino Botanico e Arboreto Appenninico del Parco Nazionale d'Abruzzo	Italy
country	Étaples Military Cemetery is a Commonwealth War Graves Commission cemetery in Étaples, near Boulogne on the north-west coast of France.	Étaples Military Cemetery	France
country	Galyat (Urdu: گلیات ‎) region, or hill tract, (also written Galliat and Galiyat) is a narrow strip or area roughly 50--80 km north-east of Islamabad, Pakistan, extending on both sides of the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa-Punjab border, between Abbottabad and Murree.	Galyat	Pakistan
country	The Seven Rila Lakes (Bulgarian: Седемте рилски езера, transliterated: Sedemte rilski ezera) are a group of lakes of glacial origin (glacial lakes), situated in the northwestern Rila Mountains in Bulgaria.	Seven Rila Lakes	Bulgaria
country	Bicol Regional Science High School (Filipino: Mataas na Paaralan ng Agham Panrehiyon ng Bicol) (colloquially BreSci) is the Regional Science High School for Bicol Region (Region V) in the Philippines.	Bicol Regional Science High School	Philippines
country	Fredersdorfer Mühlenfließ is a river of Brandenburg and Berlin, Germany.	Fredersdorfer Mühlenfließ	Germany
country	The 1992 German Grand Prix was a Formula One motor race held at the Hockenheimring in Hockenheim, Germany on July 26, 1992.	1992 German Grand Prix	Germany
country	Qajariyeh-ye Do (Persian: قجريه دو‎, also Romanized as Qajarīyeh-ye Do and Qajarīyeh Do; also known as Qājāniyeh, Qājār, and Qajarīyeh) is a village in Esmailiyeh Rural District, in the Central District of Ahvaz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Qajariyeh-ye Do	Iran
country	Siedmiorogów Pierwszy (ɕɛdmjɔˈrɔɡuf ˈpjɛrfʂɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Borek Wielkopolski, within Gostyń County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Siedmiorogów Pierwszy	Poland
country	Péhunco or Péhonko is a town, arrondissement and commune located in the Atakora Department of Benin.	Péhunco	Benin
country	Stardumb Records is a small independent record label based in Rotterdam, The Netherlands that was launched in 2000.	Stardumb Records	Netherlands
country	Hundvin or Hundven is a village in Lindås municipality in Hordaland county, Norway.	Hundvin	Norway
country	The Palace of the Kings of Majorca (French: Palais des Rois de Majorque), is a palace and a fortress with gardens overlooking the city of Perpignan in Pyrenees-Orientales, Languedoc-Roussillon, France.	Palace of the Kings of Majorca	France
country	The Windsor Police Pipe Band is a non-profit organization of bagpipe players and drummers based in Windsor, Ontario, Canada.	Windsor Police Pipe Band	Canada
country	Ybbs an der Donau (German pronunciation: (ˈɪps)) is a city in Austria.	Ybbs an der Donau	Austria
country	Consilient was a privately held company located in St. John's, Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada.	Consilient	Canada
country	Residence Brusilia is a curved building in the Schaerbeek district of Brussels, Belgium, next to Josaphat Park.	Brusilia	Belgium
country	Mangla Cantonment is an army garrison near Mangla Dam in Jhelum District of Pakistan.	Mangla Cantonment	Pakistan
country	Tankwa Karoo National Park is a Scientific National Park in South Africa.	Tankwa Karoo National Park	South Africa
country	The De La Salle Araneta University (DLSAU) is the seventh campus of De La Salle Philippines.	De La Salle Araneta University	Philippines
country	Chelsorsor (Azerbaijani: Çöl Sorsor) is a village in the Kurdamir Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Chelsorsor	Azerbaijan
country	UAS7 established a liaison office in the ``German House`` in New York. The New York office provides information and assistance to North American students and scholars who are interested in study (or a combination of study and internship) in Germany.	UAS7	Germany
country	Grmuša (Cyrillic: Грмуша) is a village in the municipality of Bihać, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Grmuša	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Radešine (Cyrillic: Радешине) is a village in the municipality of Konjic, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Radešine	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Saidapur is a village in Karimnagar district in the state of Telangana in India, near Huzurabad.	Saidapur	India
country	Fimmvörðuháls ( listen ; Icelandic for ``five cairns pass'') is the area between the glaciers Eyjafjallajökull and Mýrdalsjökull in southern Iceland.	Fimmvörðuháls	Iceland
country	The Ontario Provincial Police (OPP) is the Provincial Police service for the province of Ontario, Canada.	Ontario Provincial Police	Canada
country	Skowarcz-Kolonia (ˈskɔvart͡ʂ kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pszczółki, within Gdańsk County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Skowarcz-Kolonia	Poland
country	Ambrolauri (Georgian: ამბროლაური) is a city in Georgia, located in the western part of the country, on both banks of the Rioni river, at the elevation of 550 m above sea level.	Ambrolauri	Georgia
country	Vojens Municipality (German: Woyens), was a municipality (Danish, kommune) in the former South Jutland County on the Jutland peninsula in south Denmark.	Vojens Municipality	Denmark
country	Balasaz (Kazakh: Баласаз) is a village in Almaty Region of south-eastern Kazakhstan.	Balasaz	Kazakhstan
country	Sadówka (saˈdufka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stryków, within Zgierz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Sadówka	Poland
country	The Centre de Documentació i Museu de les Arts Escèniques (Documentation Centre and Museum of the Performing Arts of the Institut del Teatre), also known as MAE, is a centre for information and research on the performing arts in Catalonia, Spain.	Centre de Documentació i Museu de les Arts Escèniques	Spain
country	Trablice (traˈblit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kowala, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Trablice	Poland
country	Gorenje Blato (pronounced (ɡɔˈɾeːnjɛ ˈblaːtɔ)) is a settlement in the Municipality of Škofljica in central Slovenia.	Gorenje Blato	Slovenia
country	The Vivari Channel (Albanian: Kanali i Butrintit, also known as Butrinto River) links Lake Butrint in Albania with the Straits of Corfu, and forms a border of the peninsula of Butrint.	Vivari Channel	Albania
country	Schröcken is located in the western province of Austria, Vorarlberg, Bregenz in the district south-south-east of the Bodensee.	Schröcken	Austria
country	The Yavne West Railway Station is a passenger railway station in Yavne, Israel and is one of two railway stations in the city (the other being Yavne East).	Yavne West Railway Station	Israel
country	Jach'a Waracha (Aymara, jach'a big, waracha wooden camp bed, hispanicized spelling Jacha Huaracha) is a mountain in the Apolobamba mountain range in Bolivia, about 5,540 metres (18,176 ft) high.	Jach'a Waracha	Bolivia
country	The Polevskoy Copper Smelting Plant (Russian: Полевской медеплавильный завод, tr. Polevskoj medeplavilnyj zavod), also known as Polevaya or Poleva, was one of the major metallurgical facilities located in Polevskoy, in Sverdlovsk Oblast of Russia.	Polevskoy Copper Smelting Plant	Russia
country	St. Paul's Secondary School (SPSS, Chinese: 聖保祿中學) is a Catholic girls' secondary school situated on Ventris Road in Happy Valley, Hong Kong.	St. Paul's Secondary School	Hong Kong
country	Abzar (Persian: ابزار‎, also Romanized as Ābzār) is a village in Rudar Rural District, Central District, Sirvan County, Ilam Province, Iran.	Abzar	Iran
country	Khvorneh-ye Sofla (Persian: خورنه سفلي‎, also Romanized as Khvorneh-ye Soflá and Khūrneh-ye Soflá) is a village in Sanjabi Rural District, Kuzaran District, Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Khvorneh-ye Sofla	Iran
country	The Moranbong Theatre is a theatre located in North Korea.	Moranbong Theatre	North Korea
country	Laleh Zar (Persian: لاله زار‎, also Romanized as Lāleh Zār; also known as Ghārat Mālgeh) is a village in Zarrin Dasht Rural District, in the Central District of Darreh Shahr County, Ilam Province, Iran.	Laleh Zar	Iran
country	Tang Sa (Persian: تنگ سا‎, also Romanized as Tang Sā) is a village in Jowzar Rural District, in the Central District of Mamasani County, Fars Province, Iran.	Tang Sa	Iran
country	Pongara National Park is a national park in Gabon near the capital Libreville along the Komo estuary and the Atlantic Ocean.	Pongara National Park	Gabon
country	Rəzdərə (also, Raza-Dara, Razdere, and Rozdere) is a village in the Zangilan Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Rəzdərə	Azerbaijan
country	Śnieżnik Landscape Park (Śnieżnicki Park Krajobrazowy) is a protected area (Landscape Park) in south-western Poland, established in 1981, and covering an area of 288.00 square kilometres (111.20 sq mi).	Śnieżnik Landscape Park	Poland
country	The Abraj Al Lulu is a large residential project located in Manama, the capital city of Bahrain.	Abraj Al Lulu	Bahrain
country	The Matanoagawa Dam (俣野川ダム) is a concrete gravity dam on a tributary of the Hino River located 2.3 km (1 mi) south of Kōfu in Tottori Prefecture, Japan.	Matanoagawa Dam	Japan
country	Gumbuloq (Persian: گُم‌بلاغ ‎) is a town and jamoat in Tajikistan.	Gumbuloq	Tajikistan
country	The Orkesta Runestones are 11th century runestones engraved in Old Norse with the younger futhark that are located at the church of Orkesta north-east of Stockholm in Sweden.	Orkesta Runestones	Sweden
country	Niesułowo-Pach (ɲesuˈwɔvɔ ˈpax) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krasnosielc, within Maków County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Niesułowo-Pach	Poland
country	Chapo Lake (Spanish: Lago Chapo) is a lake of Chile located in Los Lagos Region.	Chapo Lake	Chile
country	Basque, British Columbia, is located in the province of British Columbia, Canada, near the village of Ashcroft.	Basque, British Columbia	Canada
country	Halimeh Jan (Persian: حليمه جان‎, also Romanized as Ḩalīmeh Jān; also known as Halīmjān and Khalimdzhakh) is a village in Blukat Rural District, Rahmatabad and Blukat District, Rudbar County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Halimeh Jan	Iran
country	`Omarz is a village in Panjshir Province, Afghanistan.	Omarz	Afghanistan
country	Okuniowiec (ɔkuˈɲɔvjɛt͡s) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Suwałki, within Suwałki County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Okuniowiec	Poland
country	Gach Allahqoli (Persian: گچ اله قلي‎, also Romanized as Gach Allahqolī) is a village in Mahur Rural District, Mahvarmilani District, Mamasani County, Fars Province, Iran.	Gach Allahqoli	Iran
country	Raumati collectively refers to two neighbouring places on the Kapiti Coast of New Zealand's North Island.	Raumati	New Zealand
country	The Gran Vía de Don Diego López de Haro is the main avenue of the city of Bilbao, Basque Country (Spain).	Gran Vía de Don Diego López de Haro	Spain
country	Harrington Lake (French: La résidence du lac Mousseau) estate is the name of the summer residence and all-season retreat of the Prime Minister of Canada and also the name of the land which surrounds it.	Harrington Lake	Canada
country	Asociación Civil Impacta Salud y Educación is a non-profit organization which promotes public health in the Andean region of Peru.	Asociación Civil Impacta Salud y Educación	Peru
country	Raškovci (Cyrillic: Рашковци) is a village in the municipality of Doboj, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Raškovci	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Kasumbalesa or sometimes Kasile is a border town in the province of Katanga in the Democratic Republic of the Congo about 96 km south-south-east of Lubumbashi.	Kasumbalesa	Democratic Republic of the Congo
country	Abraum salts is the name given to a mixed deposit of salts, including halite (sodium chloride), carnallite, and kieserite (magnesium sulfate), found in association with rock salt at Aschersleben-Staßfurt in Germany.	Abraum salts	Germany
country	The Sliprännor i Gantofta (Swedish: Grooves of the Giant) in the Helsingborg region in Scania in Sweden are located on the escarpment of a river valley in a sandstone outcrop.	Sliprännor i Gantofta	Sweden
country	The Deutsches Geodätisches Forschungsinstitut (German Geodetic Research Institute), commonly abbreviated as ``DGFI'', is a research institute located in Munich Germany, dedicated to the study of Geodesy.	Deutsches Geodätisches Forschungsinstitut	Germany
country	Kranj (pronounced (ˈkɾàːn); also known by other alternative names) is the fourth-largest city in Slovenia, with a population of 54,500 (2010).	Kranj	Slovenia
country	Adjarra I is an arrondissement in the Ouémé department of Benin.	Adjarra I	Benin
country	The Fourth Battle of the Isonzo was fought between the armies of Kingdom of Italy and those of Austria-Hungary on the Italian Front in World War I, between November 10 and December 2, 1915.	Fourth Battle of the Isonzo	Italy
country	Zgłobień (ˈzɡwɔbjɛɲ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boguchwała, within Rzeszów County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Zgłobień	Poland
country	Commonwealth of the Bahamas Trade Union Congress is a central trade union federation in The Bahamas.	Commonwealth of the Bahamas Trade Union Congress	The Bahamas
country	The Ivindo River is the most important tributary of the Ogooué river, which flows in Gabon.	Ivindo River	Gabon
country	The Canal through Walcheren in the Netherlands crosses the east of Walcheren.	Canal through Walcheren	Netherlands
country	Mazraeh-ye Mir (Persian: مزرعه مير‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Mīr and Mazra``eh Mīr) is a village in Pishkuh-e Mugui Rural District, in the Central District of Fereydunshahr County, Isfahan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 116, in 27 families.	Mazraeh-ye Mir	Iran
country	Raseiniai ( pronunciation ) (Polish: Rosienie, Yiddish: ראַסיין‎) is a city in Lithuania.	Raseiniai	Lithuania
country	Darreh Khvoshi (Persian: دره خوشي‎, also Romanized as Darreh Khvoshī) is a village in Kuhdasht-e Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Kuhdasht County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Darreh Khvoshi	Iran
country	Baliguian Island (variously Baliguian Islet and unofficially called ``Miracle Island'' by the locals, due to its experiences with Typhoon Haiyan) is an inhabited island in northeastern Iloilo, Philippines.	Baliguian Island	Philippines
country	Kfar Zoharim (Hebrew: כְּפַר זָהֳרִים, lit. Village of Lights), officially Ramot Yehuda-Zoharim (Hebrew: רמות יהודה-זוהרים‎, lit. Judea Heights-Lights), is a village and treatment centre for drug addiction in central Israel.	Kfar Zoharim	Israel
country	Pukehiki is a small locality on Otago Peninsula, within the city of Dunedin in the South Island of New Zealand.	Pukehiki	New Zealand
country	The Hill 50 Gold Mine is a gold mine located 4 km north-west of Mount Magnet, Western Australia.	Hill 50 Gold Mine	Australia
country	Mattarello (German: Madrell) is a small town in Trentino, Italy.	Mattarello	Italy
country	The Haute Touche Zoological Park (Réserve de la Haute-Touche) is a zoo and safari park in France.	Haute Touche Zoological Park	France
country	The Richmond temperate forests are an ecoregion covering the northern part of New Zealand's South Island.	Richmond temperate forests	New Zealand
country	Fjelberg Church (Norwegian: Fjelberg kyrkje) is a parish church in Kvinnherad municipality in Hordaland county, Norway.	Fjelberg Church	Norway
country	Moškanjci (pronounced (mɔˈʃkaːntsi)) is a settlement in the Municipality of Gorišnica in northeastern Slovenia.	Moškanjci	Slovenia
country	Pitareti Monastery (Georgian: ფიტარეთი მონასტერი) is a medieval Orthodox Christian monastery in Georgia, approximately 26 km southwest of the town of Tetritsq'aro, Kvemo Kartli, southwest of the nation's capital Tbilisi.	Pitareti Monastery	Georgia
country	Yakhtul is a large coastal fishing village in the Taiz Governorate of southwestern Yemen.	Yakhtul	Yemen
country	The Party of Progress and Socialism (Arabic: حزب التقدم والاشتراكية‎ Hizb Al-Taqadoum Wal-Ishtirakiyeh; French: Parti du Progrès et du Socialisme) is a political party in Morocco.	Party of Progress and Socialism	Morocco
country	Cerros de Tocorpuri is a volcanic complex located along the border between Bolivia and Chile.	Tocorpuri	Bolivia	Chile
country	Baarn (baːrn) is a municipality and a town in the Netherlands, in the province of Utrecht.	Baarn	Netherlands
country	The Labourer's Friend Society was a society founded by Lord Shaftesbury in the United Kingdom in 1830 for the improvement of working class conditions.	Labourer's Friend Society	United Kingdom
country	Brvnište (Hungarian: Boronás) is a village and municipality in Považská Bystrica District in the Trenčín Region of north-western Slovakia.	Brvnište	Slovakia
country	Terracina is a town and comune of the province of Latina - (until 1934 of the province of Rome), Italy, 76 kilometres (47 miles) southeast of Rome by rail and 56 kilometres (35 mi) by the Via Appia by car.	Terracina	Italy
country	Fortune Araames is an approved 45-floor tower to be built in the Jumeirah Lake Towers Free Zone in Dubai, United Arab Emirates.	Fortune Araames	United Arab Emirates
country	The Bundesstraße 87 (Abbreviation: B 87) is a Bundesstraße in Germany.	Bundesstraße 87	Germany
country	Chato Volcano, sometimes called ``Cerro Chato'' (Spanish for, literally, ``Flat Hill''), is an inactive volcano in north-western Costa Rica north-west of San José, in the province of Alajuela, canton of San Carlos, and district of La Fortuna.	Chato Volcano	Costa Rica
country	Mont Maudit (4,465 m) is a mountain in the Mont Blanc massif in France and Italy.	Mont Maudit	France	Italy
country	In August 2009, the United Kingdom suspended the Turks and Caicos Islands' self-government after allegations of ministerial corruption.	Turks and Caicos Islands	United Kingdom
country	Bruzaholm is a locality situated in Eksjö Municipality, Jönköping County, Sweden with 250 inhabitants in 2010.	Bruzaholm	Sweden
country	Kalvebod Brygge (literally ``Kalvebod Quay'') is a waterfront area in the Vesterbro district of Copenhagen, Denmark.	Kalvebod Brygge	Denmark
country	Bratya Daskalovi (Bulgarian: Братя Даскалови, pronounced (ˈbratjə dəskəˈlɔvi); also transliterated Bratja Daskalovi or Bratia Daskalovi) is a village in southern Bulgaria, part of Stara Zagora Province with a population of 750 inhabitants as of December 2009.	Bratya Daskalovi	Bulgaria
country	Benito Salas Airport (IATA: NVA, ICAO: SKNV) is an airport that serves the city of Neiva, the capital of the Huila Department in Colombia.	Benito Salas Airport	Colombia
country	The University of Gothenburg (Swedish: Göteborgs universitet) is a university in Sweden's second largest city, Gothenburg.	University of Gothenburg	Sweden
country	The Riversdale Business Improvement District (RBID) is a Business Improvement District (BID) located in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, Canada.	Riversdale Business Improvement District	Canada
country	Fabara (Spanish: (faˈβaɾa)) or Favara de Matarranya (Catalan: (fəˈβaɾə ðə mətəˈraɲə), locally: (faˈβaɾa ðe mataˈraɲa)) is a municipality located in the province of Zaragoza, Aragon, Spain.	Fabara	Spain
country	The Order of the Oak Crown (French: Ordre de la couronne de Chêne, German: Eichenlaubkronenorden, Luxembourgish: Eechelaafkrounenuerden) is an order of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg.	Order of the Oak Crown	Luxembourg
country	Boizenburg-Land is an Amt in the Ludwigslust-Parchim district, in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany.	Boizenburg-Land	Germany
country	Kochkurovsky District (Russian: Кочку́ровский райо́н; Erzya: Кочкурбуе; Moksha: Кочкуровань аймак) is an administrative and municipal district (raion), one of the twenty-two in the Republic of Mordovia, Russia.	Kochkurovsky District	Russia
country	Trypiti (Greek: Τρυπητή) is a small town in the island of Milos, Greece (400 citizens).	Trypiti	Greece
country	Gornje Ležeče (pronounced (ˈɡoːɾnjɛ lɛˈʒeːtʃɛ)) is a small village in the Municipality of Divača in the Littoral region of Slovenia.	Gornje Ležeče	Slovenia
country	The Cross of Recognition (Latvian: Atzinības krusts) is a state decoration of Latvia, founded in 1938, but tracing its historical origins to 1710.	Cross of Recognition	Latvia
country	Kato Zachlorou (Greek: Κάτω Ζαχλωρού) is a village and a community in eastern Achaea, Greece.	Zachlorou	Greece
country	Mimosa Public School, is a school located in Frenchs Forest Sydney, New South Wales, Australia.	Mimosa Public School	Australia
country	Beaver Pass House is an unincorporated locality and former roadhouse on the Cariboo Wagon Road (now the Barkerville Highway) in the Cariboo Country of the Central Interior of British Columbia, Canada.	Beaver Pass House	Canada
country	Mištar (Cyrillic: Миштар) is a village in the municipality of Čajniče, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Mištar	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Malikpur is a village in Gujrat District, in the Punjab province of Pakistan.	Malikpur	Pakistan
country	The Leopold Museum, housed in the Museumsquartier in Vienna, Austria, is home to one of the largest collections of modern Austrian art, featuring artists such as Egon Schiele, Gustav Klimt, Oskar Kokoschka and Richard Gerstl.	Leopold Museum	Austria
country	Høyforsmoen Chapel (Norwegian: Høyforsmoen kapell) is a parish church in the municipality of Beiarn in Nordland county, Norway.	Høyforsmoen Chapel	Norway
country	The Memorial to the Civilian Victims of the Japanese Occupation, usually called the Civilian War Memorial (Chinese: 日本占领时期死难人民纪念碑; Malay: Tugu Peringatan Bagi Mangsa Awam Pemerintahan Jepun) is one of Singapore's most famous heritage landmarks.	Civilian War Memorial	Singapore
country	The Esplanade Bridge is a 261-metre-long (850 ft.) road bridge that spans across the mouth of the Singapore River in Singapore with the Esplanade - Theatres on the Bay on its northern abutment and the Merlion on the southern.	Esplanade Bridge	Singapore
country	Rio Sidra is a town in Kuna Yala territory, Panama.	Rio Sidra	Panama
country	Waingapu is the largest town on the island of Sumba, East Nusa Tenggara, Indonesia.	Waingapu	Indonesia
country	Waldsieversdorf is a municipality in the district Märkisch-Oderland of Brandenburg (a Land of the Federal Republic of Germany).	Waldsieversdorf	Germany
country	Nagykovácsi (whose name in English translates as ``Great Smithy'') is a small town in the Pilisvörösvári kistérség district of Hungary situated some 15 km (9 mi) north-east of the centre of Budapest, in a valley, at an altitude of 340 metres.	Nagykovácsi	Hungary
country	Maciejowice (mat͡ɕejɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in Garwolin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Maciejowice	Poland
country	President Elpidio Quirino Avenue, more commonly known as Quirino Avenue, is a 6-10 lane divided highway in Manila, Philippines.	Quirino Avenue	Philippines
country	The Huddersfield Narrow Canal Pylon, (National Grid tower designation 4ZO251B), is a transmission tower which stands with its feet over the Huddersfield Narrow Canal near Heyrod, Stalybridge, Greater Manchester, United Kingdom.	Huddersfield Narrow Canal Pylon	United Kingdom
country	Indian Bay (Parsons Point) is located in Newfoundland, Canada.	Indian Bay	Canada
country	The St. Thomas and Eastern Railway (reporting mark TRRY) was a shortline railway division of the Trillium Railway, operating near St. Thomas, Ontario, Canada.	St. Thomas and Eastern Railway	Canada
country	Hajguiyeh (Persian: هجگوئيه‎, also Romanized as Hajgū’īyeh and Hajgūeeyeh; also known as Ajgū’īyeh) is a village in Kavirat Rural District, Chatrud District, Kerman County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Hajguiyeh	Iran
country	VictoriArena is a football stadium in Rosport, in eastern Luxembourg and is currently the home stadium of FC Victoria Rosport.	VictoriArena	Luxembourg
country	Vermilion Bay Airport, (TC LID: CKQ7), is located near to Machin, Ontario, Canada.	Vermilion Bay Airport	Canada
country	The Yangon General Hospital (YGH) (Burmese: ရန်ကုန် ပြည်သူ့ ဆေးရုံကြီး) is a major public hospital in Yangon, Myanmar.	Yangon General Hospital	Myanmar
country	Aygezard (Armenian: Այգեզարդ; formerly, Aygedzor, Anastasavan, and Dargalu) is a town in the Ararat Province of Armenia.	Aygezard	Armenia
country	Arrastaria is a town former municipality located in the municipality of Amurrio province of Álava (Araba), in the autonomous community of Basque Country, northern Spain.	Arrastaria	Spain
country	Lanvaudan (Breton: Lanvodan) is a commune in the Morbihan department of Brittany in north-western France.	Lanvaudan	France
country	There are 160 local groups of UFC Que Choisir in France.	UFC Que Choisir	France
country	Mount Samat (Tagalog pronunciation: (samat)) is a historic mountain in the town of Pilár, Province of Bataan, in the Republic of the Philippines.	Mount Samat	Philippines
country	Deutsches Theater München (``German Theatre'') is a theatre in Munich, Bavaria, Germany.	Deutsches Theater München	Germany
country	Kfar Shmuel (Hebrew: כְּפַר שְׁמוּאֵל, lit. Shmuel Village) is a moshav in central Israel.	Kfar Shmuel	Israel
country	Stelvio National Park (Italian: Parco nazionale dello Stelvio; German: Nationalpark Stilfser Joch) is a national park in the north-east of Italy, founded in 1935.	Stelvio National Park	Italy
country	Akraifnia (Greek: Ακραιφνία) is a former municipality in Boeotia, Greece.	Akraifnia	Greece
country	Sajama National Park is a national park located in the Oruro Department, Bolivia.	Sajama National Park	Bolivia
country	El Chorro (``The Spurt'') is a small village located in Málaga (Andalusia) in southern Spain, near the town of Álora.	El Chorro	Spain
country	The Red Beds of Hermiin Tsav is a geological formation in Mongolia whose strata date back to the Late Cretaceous.	Red Beds of Hermiin Tsav	Mongolia
country	Stadion Bergholz is a football stadium in Wil, Switzerland.	Stadion Bergholz	Switzerland
country	Qaleh-ye Azodi (Persian: قلعه عضدي‎, also Romanized as Qal``eh-ye ``Aẕodī) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Shahrud County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 43, in 11 families.	Qaleh-ye Azodi	Iran
country	Ogere (also referred to as Ogere Remo or Ogere-Remo or Ogere - Remo), is an ancient town in the present Remo Division of Ogun State, Nigeria.	Ogere Remo	Nigeria
country	Għarb (Maltese: L-Għarb) is a village located at the westernmost point of the island of Gozo, Malta, with a population of 1,539 people as of March 2014.	Għarb	Malta
country	Novi Marof (Kajkavian: Nuovi Narof) is a town in north-western Croatia, located south of Varaždin and east of Ivanec, in the Varaždin County.	Novi Marof	Croatia
country	Dulay Qarqi (Persian: دولاي قارقي‎, also Romanized as Dūlāy Qārqī and Dūlā-ye Qārqī; also known as Dūlāy Qārī) is a village in Qomrud Rural District, in the Central District of Qom County, Qom Province, Iran.	Dulay Qarqi	Iran
country	Southern University College (also known as Southern UC) is the first non-profit higher education institute and private university college in Skudai, Johor, Malaysia.	Southern University College	Malaysia
country	Ježce (pronounced (ˈjeːʃtsɛ)) is a small settlement in the Primskovo area of the Municipality of Šmartno pri Litiji in central Slovenia.	Ježce	Slovenia
country	Ayer Bemban (Currently also known as Air Bemban) is a small village in the north of Kulai District, Johor, Malaysia.	Ayer Bemban	Malaysia
country	Tlapanaloya is a town inside municipality of Tequixquiac in Mexico State in Mexico.	Tlapanaloya	Mexico
country	Fort Macleod, originally named Macleod, is a town in the southwest corner of the province of Alberta, Canada.	Fort Macleod	Canada
country	Pinal de Amoles is a town located in Pinal de Amoles Municipality in the state of Querétaro in central Mexico.	Pinal de Amoles	Mexico
country	Al Gari (Persian: ال گری ‎) is a village in Cheshmeh Ziarat Rural District, in the Central District of Zahedan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Al Gari	Iran
country	Steiri (Greek: Στείρι) is a village in Boeotia, Greece.	Steiri	Greece
country	American University of Technology (AUT), is a private university established in Lebanon.	American University of Technology	Lebanon
country	The Mercury Islands are a group of seven islands off the northeast coast of New Zealand's North Island.	Mercury Islands	New Zealand
country	Sfakera, is a village, on the north coast of the island of Corfu, Greece.	Sfakera	Greece
country	Bird Islands Conservation Park is a 369-hectare (910-acre) protected area in eastern Spencer Gulf, South Australia.	Bird Islands Conservation Park	Australia
country	Dash Arasi (Persian: داش اراسي‎, also Romanized as Dāsh Ārāsī and Dasharasy; also known as Dasharehsī and Mīān Sang) is a village in Minjavan-e Sharqi Rural District, Minjavan District, Khoda Afarin County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Dash Arasi	Iran
country	Floorshoogte Pass is a mountain pass situated in the Western Cape province of South Africa, on the Regional road R43 (Western Cape) between Bot River and Villiersdorp.	Floorshoogte Pass	South Africa
country	Karigador (Italian: Carigador d'Istria) is a village in the Brtonigla municipality in Istria County, Croatia.	Karigador	Croatia
country	Civita d'Antino (Latin: Antinum) is a comune and town in the province of L'Aquila, in the Abruzzo region of central Italy.	Civita d'Antino	Italy
country	Vargeru (Persian: وارگرو‎, also Romanized as Vārgerū) is a village in Tayebi-ye Garmsiri-ye Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Kohgiluyeh County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Vargeru	Iran
country	Bassas de Pedro, also known as Munyal Par or Padua Bank, is a submerged bank or sunken atoll belonging to the Amindivi Subgroup of islands of the Union Territory of Lakshadweep, India, at 13°05′N 72°25′E.	Bassas de Pedro	India
country	Basudeb Chap is a village of Gosairhat Upazila under Shariatpur District in the Dhaka Division of southern-central Bangladesh.	Basudeb Chap	Bangladesh
country	Kitsissuarsuit Heliport (IATA: QJE, ICAO: BGKT) is a heliport in Kitsissuarsuit, a Disko Bay island village in the Qaasuitsup municipality in western Greenland.	Kitsissuarsuit Heliport	Greenland
country	Baveleh-ye Seyyedan (Persian: باوله سيدان‎, also Romanized as Bāveleh-ye Seyyedān) is a village in Mangur-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Piranshahr County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Baveleh-ye Seyyedan	Iran
country	Sankeng Station (Chinese: 三坑車站; pinyin: Sānkēng Chēzhàn) is a railway station on the Taiwan Railways Administration (TRA) Western Line located in Ren'ai District, Keelung City, Taiwan.	Sankeng Station	Taiwan
country	Seacliff Lunatic Asylum (often Seacliff Asylum, later Seacliff Mental Hospital) was a psychiatric hospital in Seacliff, New Zealand.	Seacliff Lunatic Asylum	New Zealand
country	Bar Aftab-e Kashkeli (Persian: برافتاب كاشكلي‎, also Romanized as Bar Āftāb-e Kāshkelī; also known as Bar Āftāb-e Kāshgelī, Kūshkelī, and Shahrak-e Kāshgelī) is a village in Pian Rural District, in the Central District of Izeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Bar Aftab-e Kashkeli	Iran
country	The Central Cardamom Mountains is a designated area of protected forest in Cambodia, covering a large area of the Cardamom Mountains and stretching across three provinces.	Central Cardamom Mountains	Cambodia
country	Bacău (Romanian pronunciation: (baˈkəw); German: Barchau, Hungarian: Bákó) is the main city in Bacău County, Romania.	Bacău	Romania
country	Dobrodo (Serbian Cyrillic: Добродо) is a village located in the Užice municipality of Serbia.	Dobrodo	Serbia
country	Tomb KV15, located in the Valley of the Kings in Egypt, was used for the burial of Pharaoh Seti II of the Nineteenth Dynasty.	KV15	Egypt
country	Ankayuq K'uchu (Quechua anka black-chested buzzard-eagle or eagle, k'uchu corner, inside corner or outward angle, ``corner with an eagle'', hispanicized spelling Ancayoc Cucho) is a mountain in the Andes of Peru, about 5,000 metres (16,404 ft) high.	Ankayuq K'uchu	Peru
country	Attaiyeh (Persian: عطائيه‎, also Romanized as ``Aţţā’īyeh) is a village in Eshqabad Rural District, Miyan Jolgeh District, Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 801, in 200 families.	Attaiyeh	Iran
country	Teouma is a major archaeological site on the island of Éfaté in Vanuatu.	Teouma	Vanuatu
country	Piesau is a municipality in the district Saalfeld-Rudolstadt, in Thuringia, Germany close to the Thuringian Rennsteig.	Piesau	Germany
country	Samastipur is a town and a municipality (nagar parishad) in Bihar, India.	Samastipur	India
country	Sardabeh (Persian: سردابه‎, also Romanized as Sardābeh) is a village in Sardabeh Rural District, in the Central District of Ardabil County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Sardabeh	Iran
country	Puyupatamarca or Phuyupatamarca is an archaeological site along the Inca Trail in the Urubamba Valley of Peru.	Puyupatamarca	Peru
country	Avdi Square (Greek: Πλατεία Λέοντος Αυδή) is a public gathering place located in the Metaxourgeio neighbourhood of Athens, Greece, bounded by Leonidou, Kerameikou, Giatrakou and Germanikou streets.	Avdi Square	Greece
country	Qeshlaq-e Badeyr (Persian: قشلاق بدير‎, also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Badeyr) is a village in Anjirlu Rural District, in the Central District of Bileh Savar County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Qeshlaq-e Badeyr	Iran
country	Łupków Pass or Lupkov Pass (Polish: Przełęcz Łupkowska, Slovak: Lupkovský priesmyk) is a significant mountain pass in the Carpathian mountains on the border between Poland and Slovakia, and close to the western border of Ukraine.	Łupków Pass	Slovakia
country	Cehal (Hungarian: Oláhcsaholy, Hungarian pronunciation: (ˈolaːhtʃɒhoj)) is a commune of 1,573 inhabitants situated in Satu Mare County, Romania.	Cehal	Romania
country	Miskolc-Bükkszentlászló (Slovak: Stará Huta) is a small village in Borsod-Abaúj-Zemplén county, Northern Hungary.	Bükkszentlászló	Hungary
country	Cape Kormakitis (Greek: Ακρωτήριο Κορμακίτη, Akrotírio Kormakíti, Turkish: Koruçam Burnu) is a promontory on the north-western coast of the Mediterranean island of Cyprus, located in the self-proclaimed republic of Northern Cyprus.	Cape Kormakitis	Cyprus
country	The Weißwandspitze (Italian: Parete Bianca; German: Weißwandspitze) is a mountain in the Stubai Alps on the border between Tyrol, Austria, and South Tyrol, Italy.	Weißwandspitze	Italy
country	Krstinja (Serbian Cyrillic: Крстиња) is a village in Croatia.	Krstinja	Croatia
country	Méagui is a city in south-western Ivory Coast.	Méagui	Ivory Coast
country	Azm Palace (Arabic: قصر العظم‎) is a palace in Damascus, Syria which was originally built in 1750 as a residence for the Ottoman governor of Damascus As'ad Pasha al-Azm.	Azm Palace	Syria
country	Raiguer is a comarca (county) located in the north-central part of Majorca, one of the Balearic Islands of Spain.	Raiguer	Spain
country	On March 29, 1848, the Belgian army needed to intervene near Mouscron against a troop of French republican sympathizers who were ready to invade Belgium, in what was known as the Risquons-Tout incident.	Mouscron	Belgium
country	Sedef Island, (Turkish: Sedef Adası, literally ``Mother-of-Pearl Island''; Greek: Τερέβυνθος Terebinthos, and in ancient times also Androvitha or Andircuithos) is one of the nine islands consisting the Princes' Islands in the Sea of Marmara, near Istanbul, Turkey.	Sedef Island	Turkey
country	Masu'ot Yitzhak (Hebrew: מְשּׂוּאוֹת יִצְחָק, lit. Yitzhak's Beacons) is a moshav shitufi in southern Israel.	Masu'ot Yitzhak	Israel
country	Supaul district (Hindi: सुपौल जिला) is one of the thirty-eight districts of Bihar state, India, and Supaul town is the administrative headquarters of this district.	Supaul district	India
country	Tekovská Breznica (German: Bresnitz an der Gran, Hungarian: Barsberzence) is a municipality in the Žarnovica District, Banská Bystrica Region in Slovakia.	Tekovská Breznica	Slovakia
country	Las Danna is a tourist resort in Bagh District, Azad Kashmir, Pakistan.	Las Danna	Pakistan
country	Mazy (in Walloon Mazi) is a village on the Orneau (a tributary of the Sambre), located about 5 kilometres (3.1 mi) south of the city of Gembloux, in province of Namur in the Walloon region of Belgium.	Mazy	Belgium
country	Carronade Island lies off the northern (Kimberley) coast of Western Australia (13°56′42``S 126°36′09''E).	Carronade Island	Australia
country	Sobinka (Russian: Собинка) is a town and the administrative center of Sobinsky District in Vladimir Oblast, Russia, located on the right bank of the Klyazma River (Oka's tributary), 37 kilometers (23 mi) southwest of Vladimir, the administrative center of the oblast.	Sobinka	Russia
country	Kalateh Rudbar (Persian: کلاته رودبار‎, also Romanized as Kalāteh Rūdbār; formerly, Kalateh (Persian: كلاته‎), also Romanized as Kalāteh) is a city in the Central District of Damghan County, Semnan Province, Iran.	Kalateh Rudbar	Iran
country	Tung Wah Group of Hospitals Fung Yiu King Hospital (Chinese: 東華三院馮堯敬醫院, TWGHs Fung Yiu King Hospital in short) is a geriatric hospital under the Tung Wah Group of Hospitals in Sandy Bay on the Hong Kong Island in Hong Kong.	Tung Wah Group of Hospitals Fung Yiu King Hospital	Hong Kong
country	Government Science College, Matale ( GSC ) ( Sinhala : රජයේ විද්‍යා විද්‍යාලය ) is a co-educational government secondary school located in Matale, Sri Lanka.	Government Science College, Matale	Sri Lanka
country	Fjord of the Mountains, also known as ``Channel of the Mountains'' (Spanish Canal de las Montañas), is located to the west of Puerto Natales, Chile and inside the boundaries of the Alacalufes National Reserve.	Fjord of the Mountains	Chile
country	Jaźwie (ˈjaʑvjɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tłuszcz, within Wołomin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Jaźwie	Poland
country	Aetolia (Greek: Αιτωλία) is a mountainous region of Greece on the north coast of the Gulf of Corinth, forming the eastern part of the modern regional unit of Aetolia-Acarnania.	Aetolia	Greece
country	Löcknitz is a municipality in the Vorpommern-Greifswald district, in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany, located 12 km west of the German-Polish border and 25 km west of Szczecin (German: Stettin).	Löcknitz	Germany
country	Zasanie Synagogue, (Polish: Synagoga Zasańska), located in Przemyśl, Poland, was the only synagogue in Przemyśl built on the western bank of the San River.	Zasanie Synagogue	Poland
country	Ka River (also known as Gulbin Ka River) is a river in the northern part of Nigeria.	Ka River	Nigeria
country	Gateway Boulevard is a one-way major arterial in south Edmonton, Alberta, Canada.	Gateway Boulevard	Canada
country	Dalby hage is an area located 10 km east of Lund municipality in South Sweden.	Dalby hage	Sweden
country	Pyhäjokilaakso is the basin of the Pyhäjoki river, located in Northern Ostrobothnia, Finland.	Pyhäjokilaakso	Finland
country	Saint-Michel-de-Bannières is a commune in the Lot department in south-western France.	Saint-Michel-de-Bannières	France
country	Yaguine is a small town and principal settlement (chef-lieu) of the commune of Toya in the Cercle of Yélimané in the Kayes Region of south-western Mali.	Yaguine	Mali
country	The Mare aux Songes swamp is a lagerstätte located close to the sea in south eastern Mauritius.	Mare aux Songes	Mauritius
country	Zenab (Persian: زناب‎, also Romanized as Zenāb; also known as Zenyāb, Zinab, and Zīnat) is a village in Sanjabad-e Jonubi Rural District, Firuz District, Kowsar County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Zenab	Iran
country	Raisio (Finnish pronunciation: (ˈrɑisio); Swedish: Reso) is a town and municipality in south-western Finland and an important junction of major roads.	Raisio	Finland
country	Cape Torokina is a promontory at the north end of Empress Augusta Bay, along the central part of the western coast of Bougainville, in Papua New Guinea.	Cape Torokina	Papua New Guinea
country	Saudasjøen Chapel (Norwegian: Saudasjøen kapell) is a chapel in Sauda in Rogaland county, Norway.	Saudasjøen Chapel	Norway
country	The Breede River (Afrikaans: Breederivier), also known as Breë River, is a river in the Western Cape Province of South Africa.	Breede River	South Africa
country	Safiabad Agricultural and Horticultural Centre (Persian: مركزكشاورزي ودامپروري صفي اباد‎ -- Marḵaz Keshāvarzī va Dāmparūrī Safīābād) is a village and agricultural centre in Shamsabad Rural District, in the Central District of Dezful County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Safiabad Agricultural and Horticultural Centre	Iran
country	The Abu Bakar Royal Mosque or Masjid Diraja Abu Bakar is Pahang's royal mosque which is located in Pekan, Pahang, Malaysia.	Abu Bakar Royal Mosque	Malaysia
country	San Cristóbal Canton is a canton of Ecuador in the Galápagos Islands archipelago and one of the oldest in this insular geological formation.	San Cristóbal Canton	Ecuador
country	Camilo Daza International Airport (Spanish: Aeropuerto Internacional Camilo Daza) (IATA: CUC, ICAO: SKCC) is a civil airport located in Cúcuta, Colombia.	Camilo Daza International Airport	Colombia
country	The Nicolaus Copernicus Monument in Kraków (Polish: Pomnik Mikołaja Kopernika) is a notable landmark of Kraków, Poland.	Nicolaus Copernicus Monument in Kraków	Poland
country	Greek National Road 13 (Greek: Εθνική Οδός 13, abbreviated as EO13) is a single carriageway road in northern Greece.	Greek National Road 13	Greece
country	The Dartry Mountains are a range in the north west of Ireland.	Dartry Mountains	Ireland
country	Stöðvarfjörður (formerly Kirkjuból) is a village in east Iceland.	Stöðvarfjörður	Iceland
country	The Milan Passante railway, (Italian: Passante ferroviario di Milano), is an underground railway which runs through Milan, Italy.	Milan Passante railway	Italy
country	Senadole (pronounced (sɛnaˈdoːlɛ); Italian: Sinadole) is a village in the Municipality of Divača in the Littoral region of Slovenia.	Senadole	Slovenia
country	Mbacké is a city in central Senegal, located 190 km (118 mi) east of Dakar.	Mbacké	Senegal
country	The Kota Kinabalu City Mosque (Malay: Masjid Bandaraya Kota Kinabalu) is the second main mosque in Kota Kinabalu, Sabah, Malaysia, after State Mosque in Sembulan.	Kota Kinabalu City Mosque	Malaysia
country	Molodohvardiysk (Ukrainian: Молодогвардійськ, translit. Molodohvardiys’k, Russian: Молодогвардейск, translit. Molodogvardeysk) is a city in southeastern Ukraine.	Molodohvardiysk	Ukraine
country	Combolcha Airport (IATA: DSE , ICAO: HADC ) is a new airport serving Kombolcha and Dessie in Ethiopia.	Combolcha Airport	Ethiopia
country	Nongalbibra is a small town in South Garo Hills, Meghalaya, India, famous for its coal mines.	Nongalbibra	India
country	Stepanivka (Ukrainian: Степанівка), sometimes transcribed as Stapanovka (Russian: Степановка), in Ukraine, is the site of an ancient settlement dating to 5000 - 4300 B.C. belonging to the Cucuteni-Trypillian culture.	Stepanivka	Ukraine
country	There are several communities named Bush Lot in Guyana.	Bush Lot	Guyana
country	Qeris (Persian: قريس‎, also Romanized as Qerīs) is a village in Sokmanabad Rural District, Safayyeh District, Khoy County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Qeris	Iran
country	Arctic Red River Water Aerodrome (TC LID: CES6) was a seasonal airstrip adjacent to Arctic Red River, Northwest Territories, Canada on the MacKenzie River and was open from the middle of June until the middle of October.	Arctic Red River Water Aerodrome	Canada
country	The Grand Erg Occidental (Arabic: العرق الغربي الكبير‎, al-ʿIrq al-Gharbī al-Kabīr), (also known as the Western Sand Sea) is the second largest erg in northern Algeria after the Grand Erg Oriental.	Grand Erg Occidental	Algeria
country	Isön is a small island in lake Storsjön, Jämtland, Sweden.	Isön	Sweden
country	Zalun Township (Burmese: ဇလွန်မြို့နယ်) is a township of Hinthada District in the Ayeyarwady Division of Myanmar.	Zalun Township	Myanmar
country	Pasiene (aka Pasīne or Posīne) is a settlement in Pasiene Parish, Zilupe Municipality, Latvia.	Pasiene	Latvia
country	Buriram Pittayakhom School (Thai: โรงเรียนบุรีรัมย์พิทยาคม) is a secondary school located in downtown Buriram Province, Thailand.	Buriram Pittayakhom School	Thailand
country	Untermosel is a former Verbandsgemeinde (``collective municipality'') in the district Mayen-Koblenz, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.	Untermosel	Germany
country	Leutra (Saale) is the name of two tributary streams of the river Saale in Jena, Thuringia, Germany.	Leutra (Saale)	Germany
country	Tebedu (also known as Tepedu) is a border town in the Serian division of southwestern Sarawak, Malaysia, on the Indonesia-Malaysia border.	Tebedu	Malaysia
country	Šentjanž nad Dravčami (pronounced (ʃɛnˈtjaːnʃ nad ˈdɾaːu̯tʃami)) is a settlement in the Pohorje Hills in the Municipality of Vuzenica in northern Slovenia.	Šentjanž nad Dravčami	Slovenia
country	Bokwang Phoenix Park (보광 휘닉스 파크) is a ski resort in South Korea.	Bokwang Phoenix Park	South Korea
country	The Çetin Dam is a rock-fill dam with an asphalt-concrete core, currently being constructed on the Botan River in Siirt Province, Turkey.	Çetin Dam	Turkey
country	The Freiheitshalle is a building in Hof, Germany.	Freiheitshalle	Germany
country	Babashlar (also, Babashlyar) is a village in the Kalbajar Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Babashlar	Azerbaijan
country	Carrefour Laval (branded ``CF Carrefour Laval'') is a super regional mall located in Laval, Quebec, Canada at the intersection of the Laurentian Highway (A-15) and Laval Freeway (A-440).	Carrefour Laval	Canada
country	Růžená (Czech pronunciation: (ˈruːʒɛnaː)) is a village and municipality (obec) in Jihlava District in the Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic.	Růžená	Czech Republic
country	Żabiny (ʐaˈbinɨ) (German: Seeben) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rybno, within Działdowo County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Żabiny	Poland
country	Tromsdalen (Northern Sami: Romssavággi or Sálašvággi) is a valley in the city of Tromsø in Troms county, Norway.	Tromsdalen	Norway
country	L'Haÿ-les-Roses (pronounced (lai le ʁoz)) is a commune in the southern suburbs of Paris, France.	L'Haÿ-les-Roses	France
country	Norički Vrh (pronounced (nɔˈɾiːtʃki ˈʋəɾx)) is a settlement in the suburbs of Gornja Radgona in northeastern Slovenia.	Norički Vrh	Slovenia
country	Bučići is a village in the vicinity of Novi Travnik, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Bučići	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Covilhã Airport (Portuguese: Aeroporto de Covilhã) (IATA: COV, ICAO: LPCV) was an airport serving Covilhã, Portugal.	Covilhã Airport	Portugal
country	The Maurzyce Bridge over the Słudwia River (tributary of Bzura) in Central Poland is the first entirely welded road bridge and the second welded bridge of any category in the world.	Maurzyce Bridge	Poland
country	Lunavada or Lunawada is a taluka and city in the Mahisagar, former Panchmahal District, in the Northern part of Gujarat state of India.	Lunavada	India
country	Oskooh, Zahedan (Persian: اسکوه‎) is a village in Nosratabad Rural District, in the Nosratabad of Zahedan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Oskooh, Zahedan	Iran
country	Riders Palace is a ski and snowboard hotel in the town of Laax, Switzerland.	Riders Palace	Switzerland
country	Mazargues is a former village and now a neighbourhood of the 9th arrondissement in Marseille, Bouches-du-Rhône, France.	Mazargues	France
country	Siu Lam Hospital (Chinese: 小欖醫院), located in Tuen Mun, is the only hospital in Hong Kong providing comprehensive rehabilitation and infirmary services exclusively for patients with severe intellectual disability aged 16 or above.	Siu Lam Hospital	Hong Kong
country	The Brooker Highway (sometimes referred to as the Northern Outlet) is a highway in the State of Tasmania, Australia.	Brooker Highway	Australia
country	Dishmok (Persian: ديشموك‎; also Romanized as Dīshmok; also known as Dīshmook and Dīshmūk) is a city in and the capital of Dishmok District, in Kohgiluyeh County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Dishmok	Iran
country	Samtredia (Georgian: სამტრედია) is a town in Imereti, Georgia, lying in a lowland between the rivers Rioni and Tskhenis-Tsqali, 244 km (152 mi) west of Tbilisi, and 27 km (17 mi) west of Kutaisi, the nation's capital and the second largest city respectively.	Samtredia	Georgia
country	The Revash funerary complex is located in Peru's Santo Tomás District, part of Luya Province, which is approximately 60 km to the south of Chachapoyas.	Revash	Peru
country	Konstanz (pronounced (ˈkɔnstants), locally (ˈkɔnʃtants); English: Constance, Latin: Constantia) is a university city with approximately 80,000 inhabitants located at the western end of Lake Constance in the south-west corner of Germany, bordering Switzerland.	Konstanz	Germany
country	Volgograd State Medical University is located in a city called Volgograd which is situated in the southern part of Russia on the west bank of the Volga River.	Volgograd State Medical University	Russia
country	Monte Alén National Park is located near the center of Equatorial Guinea.	Monte Alén National Park	Equatorial Guinea
country	Abakuasimbo is a village in North Kivu in eastern Democratic Republic of the Congo.	Abakuasimbo	Democratic Republic of the Congo
country	Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel, one of India's greatest leaders in the Indian Independence Movement grew up in Karamsad.	Karamsad	India
country	Knox Atoll (Marshallese: Ņadikdik, (ɳˠɑɑ̯r̪ʲi͡ɯɡ(ɯ͡i)r̪ʲi͡ɯk)) is an uninhabited coral atoll of 18 islands in the Pacific Ocean, and is the southernmost atoll of the Ratak Chain of the Marshall Islands.	Knox Atoll	Marshall Islands
country	Spremberg (Lower Sorbian: Grodk) is a city near to the Saxon city of Hoyerswerda in the Spree-Neiße district of Brandenburg, Germany.	Spremberg	Germany
country	Dzbanów (ˈd͡zbanuf) (German: Banau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bardo, within Ząbkowice Śląskie County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Dzbanów	Poland
country	Gobind Pura is also the old name of a village (now Quaid Abad) located in Tehsil Nowshera Virkan, Gujranwala District, Punjab, Pakistan.	Gobind Pura	Pakistan
country	Kuchkam (Persian: كوچكام‎, also Romanized as Kūchkām) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Masal County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Kuchkam	Iran
country	Wiluna Airport (IATA: WUN, ICAO: YWLU) is an airport located 2.5 nautical miles (4.6 km; 2.9 mi) south south of Wiluna, Western Australia with a two runways (one sealed and one unsealed) and landing lights.	Wiluna Airport	Australia
country	Dunavecse is a town and municipality in Bács-Kiskun county in southern Hungary.	Dunavecse	Hungary
country	Flinsberg is a suburb of Heilbad Heiligenstadt, district of Eichsfeld, Thuringia, Germany.	Flinsberg	Germany
country	Bahía Soledad Airstrip was a private dirt airstrip located in Bahía Soledad, a private beach located 30 km south of Ensenada, Municipality of Ensenada, Baja California, Mexico, on the Pacific Ocean coast.	Bahía Soledad Airstrip	Mexico
country	Dimaina (Greek: Δήμαινα) is a small village with 435 residents in Argolis, Greece.	Dimaina	Greece
country	María Elena Airport (ICAO: SCNE) is a public use airport located 7 kilometres (4 mi) northwest of María Elena, Antofagasta, Chile.	María Elena Airport	Chile
country	Tarmount is a town and commune in M'Sila Province, Algeria.	Tarmount	Algeria
country	Jalan Kuching-Bau, Federal Route and is a federal road in Kuching Division, Sarawak, Malaysia.	Jalan Kuching-Bau	Malaysia
country	Židikai (Samogitian: Žėdėkā) is a village in Mažeikiai district municipality, Lithuania.	Židikai	Lithuania
country	Yew Tee is an area situated in the north-western part of Singapore.	Yew Tee	Singapore
country	Besshø (official form on maps: Besshøe), is a mountain in Vågå, Oppland, Norway, and is part of the Jotunheimen mountain range.	Besshø	Norway
country	Breg pri Polzeli (pronounced (ˈbɾeːk pɾi ˈpoːu̯zɛli)) is a settlement in the Municipality of Polzela in Slovenia.	Breg pri Polzeli	Slovenia
country	Ariha (Arabic: أريحا‎, also called Rīḥā, ريحا) is a town in northern Syria, administratively part of the Idlib Governorate, located south of Idlib.	Ariha	Syria
country	Látrabjarg, is a promontory and the westernmost point in Iceland.	Látrabjarg	Iceland
country	Køge Huskors was the name for a witch trial in the city of Køge in Denmark, which took place in 1608--1615.	Køge Huskors	Denmark
country	Lubok parish (also known as ``Mukim 1'' in Malay Mukim Lubok) is a parish, located in Batu Pahat district of Johor, Malaysia.	Lubok parish	Malaysia
country	Reckahn Solar Park is a photovoltaic power station in Reckahn, Southwest of Berlin, Germany.	Reckahn Solar Park	Germany
country	Garmabdar (Persian: گرمابدر‎, also Romanized as Garmābdar and Garmābadar) is a village in Rudbar-e Qasran Rural District, Rudbar-e Qasran District, Shemiranat County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Garmabdar	Iran
country	Hiunchuli (हिउँचुली) is a peak in the Himalayas of central Nepal.	Hiunchuli	Nepal
country	Godewaersvelde is a commune in the Nord department in northern France, near the Belgium border.	Godewaersvelde	France
country	Taburao is a village on Abaiang, atoll in Kiribati.	Taburao	Kiribati
country	El Cantón de San Pablo is a municipality and town in the Chocó Department, Colombia.	El Cantón de San Pablo	Colombia
country	Estanys de Baiau (Catalan pronunciation: (əsˈtaɳz də βəˈjaw), locally: (esˈtaɳz de βaˈjaw)) is a pair of lakes in Catalonia, Spain approximately 1 kilometre from the border with Andorra.	Estanys de Baiau	Spain	Andorra
country	Kaftanzoglio Stadium (Greek: Καυτανζόγλειο στάδιο) is a sports stadium in Thessaloniki, Greece.	Kaftanzoglio Stadium	Greece
country	Sanjurge is a small rural village in the north of Portugal.	Sanjurge	Portugal
country	The NED University of Engineering and Technology, is a public research university located in the urban area of Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan.	NED University of Engineering and Technology	Pakistan
country	Star Mosque (Bengali: তারা মসজিদ; also known as Tara Masjid), is a mosque located in Armanitola area, Dhaka, Bangladesh.	Star Mosque	Bangladesh
country	The Atlantic Salmon Conservation Foundation (ASCF) is a registered charitable organization whose focus is the conservation of wild Atlantic salmon and its habitat in Atlantic Canada and Quebec.	Atlantic Salmon Conservation Foundation	Canada
country	The Cangiani Chapel or Cappella Cangiani is a modern Roman Catholic church in Rione Alto, on via Mariano Semmola in the quartiere Arenella of Naples, Italy.	Cappella Cangiani	Italy
country	Shalyar Rural District (Persian: دهستان شاليار‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Uraman District, Sarvabad County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Shalyar Rural District	Iran
country	Pārogre Station is the only railway station in Latvia, from which the next station (Ogre Station) is visible.	Pārogre Station	Latvia
country	The Goldisthal Pumped Storage Station is a pumped-storage power station in the Thüringer Mountains at the upper run of the river Schwarza in Goldisthal, Germany.	Goldisthal Pumped Storage Station	Germany
country	Salluyu (Aymara, salla rocks, cliffs, uyu corral, ``rock corral'', also spelled Salluyo) is a mountain in the Apolobamba mountain range at the border of Bolivia and Peru, about 5,650 metres (18,537 ft) high.	Salluyu	Bolivia
country	Wunstorf Air Base is a German Air Force military air base, located 6 km south-southwest of Neustadt am Rübenberge or 4 km north-northwest of Wunstorf in Lower Saxony, Germany.	Wunstorf Air Base	Germany
country	Sopotnia Wielka (sɔˈpɔtɲa ˈvjɛlka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jeleśnia, within Żywiec County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Sopotnia Wielka	Poland
country	The Sieben Steinhäuser is a group of five dolmens on the Lüneburg Heath in the NATO training area of Bergen-Hohne, in the state of Lower Saxony in northern Germany.	Sieben Steinhäuser	Germany
country	Tērvete parish (Latvian: Tērvetes pagasts) is an administrative unit of the Tērvete Municipality, Latvia.	Tērvete parish	Latvia
country	Mosjøen Station (Norwegian: Mosjøen stasjon) is a railway station located in the town of Mosjøen in the municipality of Vefsn in Nordland county, Norway.	Mosjøen Station	Norway
country	Aux Rochers River, in French Rivière aux Rochers (Rocky River), is a river in Sept-Rivières Regional County Municipality, Côte-Nord, Quebec, Canada.	Aux Rochers River	Canada
country	Apacunca Genetic Reserve is a nature reserve in Nicaragua.	Apacunca Genetic Reserve	Nicaragua
country	Şabanlı (also, Shabanly) is a village and municipality in the Jalilabad Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Şabanlı	Azerbaijan
country	La Répara-Auriples (Occitan: La Reparaa-Auriple) is a commune in the Drôme department in southeastern France.	La Répara-Auriples	France
country	Knokke Casino (French: Casino de Knokke; Dutch: Casino Knokke) is a sea-front casino in the town of Knokke, in the administrative community Knokke-Heist, in the province of West Flanders in Flanders, Belgium.	Knokke Casino	Belgium
country	Esenguly (formerly Gasan-Kuli) is a town in Turkmenistan, part of the Balkan Province.	Esenguly	Turkmenistan
country	Benafti (Persian: بنافتي‎, also Romanized as Benāftī) is a village in Tang Chenar Rural District, in the Central District of Mehriz County, Yazd Province, Iran.	Benafti	Iran
country	Sar Shamir Road railway station (Urdu: سر شامر روڈ ریلوے اسٹیشن ‎) is located on Sar Shamir road, Faisalabad district of Punjab province of the Pakistan.	Sar Shamir Road railway station	Pakistan
country	The 2015 World Artistic Gymnastics Championships was held in Glasgow, United Kingdom at The SSE Hydro from 23 October -- 1 November 2015.	2015 World Artistic Gymnastics Championships	United Kingdom
country	Ljan Church (Norwegian:: Ljan kirke) is a parish church of the Church of Norway in the district of Nordstrand in Oslo, Norway.	Ljan Church	Norway
country	The Arboretum of Craonne (French Arboretum de Craonne) is a 7-hectare arboretum located near Craonne, Aisne, Picardy, France.	Arboretum of Craonne	France
country	Angoumé (Occitan En Gomèr) is a commune of the Landes department in Aquitaine in southwestern France.	Angoumé	France
country	Puntaru is a village on Pantar Island in the Alor Regency in East Nusa Tenggara province of Indonesia.	Puntaru	Indonesia
country	The Kalimashi 1 mine is a large mine located near the village Kalimash in northern Albania in Kukës County, 80 kilometres (50 mi) north-east of the capital, Tirana.	Kalimashi 1 mine	Albania
country	The 1986 World Exposition on Transportation and Communication, or simply Expo 86, was a World's Fair held in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada from Friday, May 2 until Monday, October 13, 1986.	Expo 86	Canada
country	Agbalépédogan is a northern suburb of Lomé, Togo.	Agbalépédogan	Togo
country	Habana del Este (Spanish for ``Havana of the East'' or Eastern Havana), also spelled La Habana del Este, is one of the 15 municipalities or boroughs (municipios in Spanish) forming the city of Havana, Cuba.	Habana del Este	Cuba
country	The Ellé is a river in the region of Brittany, western France.	Ellé	France
country	Nýrsko (Czech pronunciation: (ˈniːrsko); German: Neuern) is a town in the Plzeň Region of the Czech Republic.	Nýrsko	Czech Republic
country	Subeda is a market center in Jaya Prithvi Municipality of Bajhang District in the Seti Zone of north-western Nepal.	Subeda	Nepal
country	Manama Souq (Arabic: سوق المنامة‎) is the old bazaar (souq) of Bahrain's capital, Manama.	Manama Souq	Bahrain
country	Mecca District is one of four districts of Bomi County, Liberia.	Mecca District	Liberia
country	Bernardo de Irigoyen Airport (Spanish: Aeropuerto Bernardo de Irigoyen, IATA: IRI, ICAO: SATI) is a public use airport located 2 kilometres (1 mi) east of Bernardo de Irigoyen, Misiones, Argentina.	Bernardo de Irigoyen Airport	Argentina
country	Tavira (Portuguese pronunciation: (tɐˈviɾɐ)) is a Portuguese city and municipality, situated in the east of the Algarve on the south coast of Portugal.	Tavira	Portugal
country	Agios Kirykos (Greek: Άγιος Κήρυκος) is a town and a former municipality on the island of Ikaria, North Aegean, Greece.	Agios Kirykos	Greece
country	Pechory (Russian: Печо́ры; Estonian and Seto: Petseri) is a town and the administrative center of Pechorsky District in Pskov Oblast, Russia.	Pechory	Russia
country	Bad Flirt is an indie pop band from Montreal, Canada, originally formed as a solo project.	Bad Flirt	Canada
country	German submarine U-877 was a Type IXC/40 U-boat of Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine during the Second World War.	German submarine U-877	Nazi Germany
country	Dodoni (Greek: Δωδώνη) is a village and a municipality in the Ioannina regional unit, Epirus, Greece.	Dodoni	Greece
country	Additionally, in 2005, Kardinal released his third album, Fire and Glory, on Black Jays through a co-venture with Virgin Music Canada.	Black Jays	Canada
country	The Shuvoyka River (Russian: Шувойка), also known as Suvoya River (Шувоя) is a river in Moscow Oblast, Russia.	Shuvoyka River	Russia
country	Lasaki (laˈsaki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rudnik, within Racibórz County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Lasaki	Poland
country	Rengit (龙引) is a town in the Batu Pahat District of Johor, Malaysia.	Rengit	Malaysia
country	The Remember Bhopal Museum is a museum in Bhopal, Madhya Pradesh, India that commemorates the Bhopal disaster.	Remember Bhopal Museum	India
country	Perg is a city in the Austrian state of Upper Austria, capital of the district of the same name.	Perg	Austria
country	Fourah Bay College is a public university in the neighborhood of Mount Aureol in Freetown, Sierra Leone.	Fourah Bay College	Sierra Leone
country	Platerówka (platɛˈrufka) (German: Ober Linda) is a village in Lubań County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Platerówka	Poland
country	The Boul Mic River is a headwater of the Pârâul Boului in Romania.	Boul Mic River	Romania
country	Print Radio Tasmania was the first RPH station to go on-air in Australia on 26 June 1982, originally broadcasting on 1620AM.	Print Radio Tasmania	Australia
country	The Faschivska coal mine (Ukrainian: Шахта ``Фащівська'') is a large coal mine located in the south-east of Ukraine in Luhansk Oblast.	Faschivska coal mine	Ukraine
country	The Perth Cultural Centre is an area of central Perth, Western Australia centred on the James Street Mall.	Perth Cultural Centre	Australia
country	Sorkheban-e Olya (Persian: سرخ بان عليا‎, also Romanized as Sorkhebān-e ``Olyā; also known as Sorkhbān) is a village in Sharvineh Rural District, Kalashi District, Javanrud County, Kermanshah Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 67, in 17 families.	Sorkheban-e Olya	Iran
country	Busdorf (Danish: Bustrup) is a municipality in the district of Schleswig-Flensburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.	Busdorf	Germany
country	The Gouffre Berger is now ranked 28th deepest cave in the world, and the 4th in France.	Gouffre Berger	France
country	Restarzew Cmentarny (rɛsˈtaʐɛf t͡smɛnˈtarnɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Widawa, within Łask County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Restarzew Cmentarny	Poland
country	Sontecomapan Lagoon (Laguna Sontecomapan also Laguna de Sontecomapan) occupies an alluvial plain in the center of the Sierra de Los Tuxtlas, 18°33′N 95°1′W, in southeast central Veracruz, east central Mexico on the edge of the Gulf of Mexico.	Sontecomapan Lagoon	Mexico
country	Zanoah (Hebrew: זָנוֹחַ) is a moshav in central Israel, adjacent to Beit Shemesh.	Zanoah	Israel
country	Adanim Youth Village (Hebrew: כפר נוער עדנים‎, Kfar No'ar Adanim) is a youth village in the northwestern Negev desert of southern Israel.	Adanim Youth Village	Israel
country	Bagh Lingampally has grown into a well known commercial and residential suburb of Hyderabad, Telangana, India.	Bagh Lingampally	India
country	The Mannerheim Park is a small urban park in Vanhatulli district of Oulu, Finland.	Mannerheim Park	Finland
country	The University of Ngaoundéré (French: Université de Ngaoundéré) is a public university located in Ngaoundéré, Adamawa Region in Cameroon.	University of Ngaoundéré	Cameroon
country	Şarlawuk (pronounced: sharlawuck) is a town in far south-western Turkmenistan in Balkan Province.	Şarlawuk	Turkmenistan
country	Seskar (Finnish: Seiskari) (Russian: Сескар) is an island in the Gulf of Finland, part of the Leningrad Oblast of Russia.	Seskar	Russia
country	The Malir River Bridge (Urdu: ملير ريور برج‎) is to date Pakistan's largest bridge which spans 5,000 metres (16,000 ft).	Malir River Bridge	Pakistan
country	The Copenhagen Tunnel is a set of three parallel railway tunnels in the United Kingdom carrying the main line tracks out of London's Kings Cross terminus under the rising ground at Barnsbury, about a mile north of the station.	Copenhagen Tunnel	United Kingdom
country	Hatzic Island is an island located in the centre of Hatzic Lake, an oxbow lake formation adjoining the Fraser River just east of Mission, British Columbia, Canada.	Hatzic Island	Canada
country	Muyombe is a rural community town in Mafinga a new district east of Isoka, Zambia, and it is the biggest settlement in the region.	Muyombe	Zambia
country	Lago di Poschiavo is a natural lake in the Poschiavo valley in the canton of Grisons, Switzerland.	Lago di Poschiavo	Switzerland
country	Barrytown is a town in the West Coast region of New Zealand's South Island.	Barrytown	New Zealand
country	According to the 2001 United Kingdom national census, the Bracon Ash and Hethel Parish covered an area of 9.84 km2 and had a population of 446 people, spread between 171 households..	Bracon Ash	United Kingdom
country	Hitachinaka City Stadium is a multipurpose athletic stadium in Hitachinaka, Ibaraki, Japan opened in 1978.	Hitachinaka City Stadium	Japan
country	Nuwara Eliya Racecourse in Nuwara Eliya, Sri Lanka is the only remaining horse racing venue in Sri Lanka.	Nuwara Eliya Racecourse	Sri Lanka
country	Darreh Shirin (Persian: دره شيرين‎, also Romanized as Darreh Shīrīn) is a village in Bahmayi-ye Sarhadi-ye Gharbi Rural District, Dishmok District, Kohgiluyeh County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Darreh Shirin	Iran
country	Kresnice (German: Kreßnitz) is a settlement on the right bank of the Sava River in the Municipality of Litija in central Slovenia.	Kresnice	Slovenia
country	Runcorn State High School is a government funded school located in Brisbane, Queensland, Australia.	Runcorn State High School	Australia
country	Tipaza Longwave Transmitter is a Broadcast transmitter of Algeria's Entreprise nationale de Radiodiffusion sonore.	Tipaza Longwave Transmitter	Algeria
country	Duiwenhoks River, located in Western Cape, South Africa, drains the Langeberg Mountains and flows south to the coast, entering the sea west of Mossel Bay in the Southern Cape.	Duiwenhoks River	South Africa
country	Breiðdalsvík is a young fishing town in Iceland.	Breiðdalsvík	Iceland
country	Krajná Bystrá (Rusyn: Крайня Быстра, Hungarian: Bátorhegy) is a village and municipality in Svidník District in the Prešov Region of north-eastern Slovakia.	Krajná Bystrá	Slovakia
country	Poncri Auxiliary Aerodrome is a former airport in Panama.	Poncri Auxiliary Aerodrome	Panama
country	Hala Stulecia Sopotu (Polish: 100 Years of Sopot Hall) is a basketball arena in Sopot, Poland, which hosts the Polish domestic league matches of the professional club Asseco Prokom Gdynia.	Hala Stulecia Sopotu	Poland
country	Piispajärvi is a medium-sized lake in the Oulujoki main catchment area in Kainuu region, in Finland.	Piispajärvi	Finland
country	The Huntsman Marine Science Centre (acronym: HMSC; previously Huntsman Marine Laboratory) is located on Lower Campus Road in St. Andrews, New Brunswick, Canada.	Huntsman Marine Science Centre	Canada
country	Brenner Pass (German: Brennerpass (ˈbʁɛnɐpas); Italian: Passo del Brennero (ˈpasso del ˈbrɛnnero)) is a mountain pass through the Alps along the border between Italy and Austria.	Brenner Pass	Italy	Austria
country	Zalissia (Ukrainian: Залісся) is a village (selo) in Brodivskyi Raion, Lviv Oblast, in western Ukraine.	Zalissia	Ukraine
country	Quíquel is a rural area in the Dalcahue commune, on Chiloé Island in the Los Lagos Region of Chile.	Quíquel	Chile
country	Lac de Derborence is a mountain lake in the municipality of Conthey, Valais, Switzerland, located near the hamlet of Derborence.	Lac de Derborence	Switzerland
country	Knodara (Greek: Κνώδαρα, Turkish: Gönendere) is a village in the Famagusta District of Cyprus, located 8 km west of Lefkoniko on the mian Nicosia-Trikomo highway.	Knodara	Cyprus
country	Just Another Snake Cult is a bizarrely imaginative Icelandic troupe based out of Reykjavík, Iceland.	Just Another Snake Cult	Iceland
country	Salgesch (French: Salquenen) is a municipality in the district of Leuk in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.	Salgesch	Switzerland
country	Tagokura Dam (田子倉ダム) is a gravity dam on the Tadami River in Fukushima Prefecture, Japan.	Tagokura Dam	Japan
country	The Canadian Home Builders' Association (CHBA), founded in 1943, is the national organization that represents Canada's residential construction industry.	Canadian Home Builders' Association	Canada
country	Dragobraća (Cyrillic: Драгобраћа ) is a settlement located in the Stanovo municipality, in the Šumadija District of Serbia.	Dragobraća	Serbia
country	Heliópolis (or Cidade Nova Heliópolis) is a favela in the district of Sacomã, in the southeast area of São Paulo, Brazil.	Heliópolis	Brazil
country	Tugu Keris (Kris Monument) is a huge monument in the shape of a kris in Klang, Selangor, Malaysia.	Tugu Keris	Malaysia
country	Mingajik (Mengajīk, Mengeh Jek, Mingajek, Mungajik) is a village and the center of Mingajik District, Jowzjan Province, Afghanistan.	Mingajik	Afghanistan
country	The Autovía A-76 is a proposed initial upgrade of the N-120, a highway in northern Spain.	Autovía A-76	Spain
country	Civitella Marittima is a village in southern Tuscany, in central Italy, administratively part of the municipality of Civitella Paganico, of which it houses the seat.	Civitella Marittima	Italy
country	Pegunungan Bintang Regency, or Bintang Mountains Regency is one of the regencies (kabupaten) in Papua province of Indonesia.	Pegunungan Bintang Regency	Indonesia
country	Foldnes Church (Norwegian: Foldnes kyrkje) is a parish church in Fjell municipality in Hordaland county, Norway.	Foldnes Church	Norway
country	Heathcote County was one of the former counties of New Zealand.	Heathcote County	New Zealand
country	Palaikythro (Greek: Παλαίκυθρο, Turkish: Balıkesir) is a village in the Nicosia District of Cyprus, located 6 km south of Kythrea, on the main Nicosia-Famagusta highway.	Palaikythro	Cyprus
country	According to the Geological Survey of India total reserves (including proved, indicated and inferred reserves) of non-coking coal in the Mand Raigarh Coalfield is 18,532.93 million tonnes.	Mand Raigarh Coalfield	India
country	Nofekh (Hebrew: נֹפֶךְ, נופך) is a community settlement in central Israel.	Nofekh	Israel
country	Doziny (dɔˈʑinɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szreńsk, within Mława County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Doziny	Poland
country	Kobyłczyce (kɔbɨu̯ˈt͡ʂɨt͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mstów, within Częstochowa County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Kobyłczyce	Poland
country	Gündüzqala (also, Gyunduzkala and Gyundyuzkala) is a village and municipality in the Qusar Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Gündüzqala	Azerbaijan
country	Jebel Zem-Zem (Spanish: Monte Sem-Sem) is the name given to a mountain located north of M'diq below Fnideq in northern Morocco below the Spanish enclave of Ceuta.	Jebel Zem-Zem	Morocco
country	Grabino (ɡraˈbinɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koronowo, within Bydgoszcz County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Grabino	Poland
country	Kebeloba (also, Khebel’oba) is a village in the Zaqatala Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Kebeloba	Azerbaijan
country	Zaminowo (zamiˈnɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dziadkowice, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Zaminowo	Poland
country	Edificio Olympo is a skyscraper in the city of Santa Cruz on the Tenerife, Canary Islands, Spain.	Edificio Olympo	Spain
country	Móricz Zsigmond körtér (``Zsigmond Móricz circus'') is a square in Budapest, Hungary.	Móricz Zsigmond körtér	Hungary
country	The Reformed Theological College (RTC) is the theological college supported by the Christian Reformed Churches of Australia, the Reformed Churches of New Zealand, and the Reformed Presbyterian Church of Australia.	Reformed Theological College	Australia
country	Bronka (ˈbrɔŋka) (Ukrainian: Бронка, Bronka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brańsk, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Bronka	Poland
country	San Juan y Todos los Santos (St John and All Saints), also known as Iglesia de la Trinidad (Trinity Church), is a Catholic church located on the Plaza de la Trinidad in Córdoba, Spain.	San Juan y Todos los Santos	Spain
country	Enschede Airport Twente (IATA: ENS, ICAO: EHTW) is located 2 NM (3.7 km; 2.3 mi) outside of Enschede, Twente, Netherlands.	Enschede Airport Twente	Netherlands
country	Keft Kalkhanek (Persian: كفت كلخنك‎) is a village in Sadat Rural District, in the Central District of Lali County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Keft Kalkhanek	Iran
country	Podstudenec (pronounced (pɔtstuˈdɛːnəts)) is a small settlement on Black Creek (Slovene: Črna), a tributary of the Kamnik Bistrica River, in the Municipality of Kamnik in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Podstudenec	Slovenia
country	Vysokogorsk (Russian: Высокого́рск, lit. high mountain) is a rural locality (a selo) in Kavalerovsky District of Primorsky Krai, Russia, located in the Sikhote-Alin Mountains, 30 kilometers (19 mi) northeast of the district's administrative center of Kavalerovo.	Vysokogorsk	Russia
country	Soleyman Aghol (Persian: سليمان عاقل‎, also Romanized as Soleymān Āghol) is a village in Avajiq-e Shomali Rural District, Dashtaki District, Chaldoran County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Soleyman Aghol	Iran
country	Toulouse Cathedral (Cathédrale Saint-Étienne de Toulouse) is a Roman Catholic cathedral, and a national monument of France, located in the city of Toulouse.	Toulouse Cathedral	France
country	Eidstod is the centre of the village Vrådal in Kviteseid municipality, Telemark county, Norway.	Eidstod	Norway
country	The Swiss Vapeur Parc is a miniature park in Le Bouveret, a village on Lac Léman, Switzerland.	Swiss Vapeur Parc	Switzerland
country	Ruboc Lake (Albanian: Liqeni i Rubocit, Serbian: Језеро Robovac) is a very small lake in Kosovo.	Ruboc Lake	Kosovo
country	Howard S. Billings Regional High School is an English-language public secondary school located in Châteauguay, Quebec, Canada.	Howard S. Billings Regional High School	Canada
country	The Government High School Urban Area Sahiwal is a public school offering primary and secondary education to Grade 12, in Punjab, Pakistan.	Government High School Urban Area Sahiwal	Pakistan
country	Məmməduşağı (also, Mamedushagy) is a village in the Kalbajar Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Məmməduşağı	Azerbaijan
country	Avrasya University (Turkish: Avrasya Üniversitesi), is the first private university in Trabzon, of Turkey.	Avrasya University	Turkey
country	Mazraeh-ye Kurshabad (Persian: مزرعه كورش آباد‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Kūrshābād) is a village in Dezh Gah Rural District, Dehram District, Farashband County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 157, in 27 families.	Mazraeh-ye Kurshabad	Iran
country	Haykadzor (Armenian: Հայկաձոր, also Romanized as Aykadzor; formerly, Koshavank; until 1930, Ghzlkilisa) is a village in the Shirak Province of Armenia.	Haykadzor	Armenia
country	Midlands State University is a government owned university in Zimbabwe offering courses mainly in the commercial and arts sector.	Midlands State University	Zimbabwe
country	Tic Toc Airport (Spanish: Aeropuerto Tic Toc, ICAO: SCHT) is a public use airport located near Chaitén, Los Lagos, Chile.	Tic Toc Airport	Chile
country	Sówka (ˈsufka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Srokowo, within Kętrzyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland, close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.	Sówka	Poland
country	The Homburg Watchtower (German: Homburgswarte) is an observation tower on the site of a Germanic refuge castle (Fliehburg) near the Hexentanzplatz above the town of Thale in the Harz Mountains of central Germany.	Homburg Watchtower	Germany
country	Founded on November 5, 1969, Collège Montmorency is a Francophone public college in Chomedey, Laval, Quebec, Canada, near the Montmorency Metro station.	Collège Montmorency	Canada
country	The Canton of Auchel is one of the cantons of the Pas-de-Calais department, in northern France.	Canton of Auchel	France
country	The Tissino River is a small watercourse of eastern Umbria in Italy.	Tissino	Italy
country	Green Lake Water Aerodrome (TC LID: CBY6) is located on Green Lake east of 70 Mile House in the Cariboo region of British Columbia, Canada.	Green Lake Water Aerodrome	Canada
country	Jumeirah Beach Residence (also known as JBR) is a 1.7 kilometres (1.1 mi) long, 2 square kilometres (0.77 sq mi) gross floor area waterfront community located against the Persian Gulf in Dubai Marina in Dubai, United Arab Emirates.	Jumeirah Beach Residence	United Arab Emirates
country	Stary Dzierzgoń (ˈstarɨ ˈd͡ʑeʐɡɔɲ) (German: Alt Christburg) is a village in Sztum County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Stary Dzierzgoń	Poland
country	Lieutenant General Best Barracks (Dutch: Luitenant-generaal Bestkazerne), formerly De Peel Air Base (Dutch: Luchtmachtbasis De Peel), is a Royal Netherlands Army guided missile base in the Netherlands.	Lieutenant General Best Barracks	Netherlands
country	Taraqeh (Persian: طراقه‎, also Romanized as Tarāqeh; also known as Torgheh) is a village in Il Teymur Rural District, in the Central District of Bukan County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Taraqeh	Iran
country	Vrsta (Cyrillic: Врста) is a village in the municipality of Bihać, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Vrsta	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Velikiye Luki Airport (Russian: Аэропорт Великие Луки) (IATA: VLU, ICAO: ULOL) is an airport in Russia located 7 km northeast of Velikiye Luki.	Velikiye Luki Airport	Russia
country	The Jardin des Serres d'Auteuil (French pronunciation: ​(ʒaʁdɛ̃ de sɛʁ dotøj)) is a botanical garden set within a major greenhouse complex located at the southern edge of the Bois de Boulogne in the 16th arrondissement, with entry at 1 avenue Gordon-Bennett, Paris, France.	Jardin des Serres d'Auteuil	France
country	Temanggung Regency (Kabupaten Temanggung) is a regency in the Central Java Province of Indonesia.	Temanggung Regency	Indonesia
country	The Nevada County Traction Company was an interurban electrified railway in Nevada County, part of the U.S. State of California in the United States of America.	Nevada County Traction Company	United States of America
country	Patardzeuli (Georgian: პატარძეული), is a village in Eastern Georgia, in Sagarejo District, of Kakheti Region, located about 50 kilometers from Tbilisi, the capital.	Patardzeuli	Georgia
country	Prężyna (prɛ̃ˈʐɨna) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała, within Prudnik County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Prężyna	Poland
country	The Pyongyang Ice Rink is an indoor ice hockey venue on the bank of Pothong river in Pyongyang, North Korea.	Pyongyang Ice Rink	North Korea
country	Malmö Academy of Music (Swedish: Musikhögskolan i Malmö) is a music conservatory located in Malmö in southern Sweden, and is a part of Lund University.	Malmö Academy of Music	Sweden
country	Tehran ( pronunciation ; Persian: Tehrān -- تهران‎‎) is the capital of Iran and Tehran Province.	Tehran	Iran
country	The Vyoksa River (Russian: Вёкса) is a river running in the western part of the Kostroma Oblast in the Central Russia.	Vyoksa River	Russia
country	Taylor Island (sometimes referred to as Taylor's Island) is the largest in a group of seven islands located between the Eyre Peninsula mainland and Thistle Island in the mouth of Spencer Gulf, South Australia.	Taylor Island	Australia
country	Ailtirí na hAiséirghe (Irish pronunciation: (ˈalʲtʲiːɾʲi na ˈhaʃeːɾʲjə), meaning ``Architects of the Resurrection'') was a minor radical nationalist and fascist political party in Ireland, founded by Gearóid Ó Cuinneagáin in 1942.	Ailtirí na hAiséirghe	Ireland
country	Klerkegade (lit. ``Clergy Street'') is a street in central Copenhagen, Denmark.	Klerkegade	Denmark
country	Bull Canyon Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia, Canada, protecting Bull Canyon on the Chilcotin River, which is 7 km (4 mi) below the confluence of the Chilko River with the Chilcotin.	Bull Canyon Provincial Park	Canada
country	Kazerun Fire temple (Persian: آتشکده کازرون‎) was a Fire temple in Kazerun, Fars Province, Iran.	Kazerun Fire temple	Iran
country	In the Netherlands, ProRail (Dutch pronunciation: (proːˈreːl)) is a government task organisation that takes care of maintenance and extensions of the national railway network infrastructure (not the metro or tram), of allocating rail capacity, and of traffic control.	ProRail	Netherlands
country	Espoonlahti Church is a Lutheran church situated in Espoonlahti, Espoo, Finland.	Espoonlahti Church	Finland
country	Gabowe Grądy (ɡaˈbɔvɛ ˈɡrɔndɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Augustów, within Augustów County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Gabowe Grądy	Poland
country	The Chinese High School Clock Tower Building in Singapore is situated in what is now the campus of the integrated Hwa Chong Institution after the merger of The Chinese High School with Hwa Chong Junior College on 1 January 2005.	The Chinese High School Clock Tower Building	Singapore
country	Longpré-les-Corps-Saints is a commune in Somme department in Picardy in northern France.	Longpré-les-Corps-Saints	France
country	Jet Rescue is a steel launched jet ski roller coaster made by Intamin that opened on 26 December 2008 at Sea World on the Gold Coast, Australia.	Jet Rescue	Australia
country	Nagytőke is a village in Csongrád county, in the Southern Great Plain region of southern Hungary.	Nagytőke	Hungary
country	The Vassako Bolo Strict Nature Reserve (Réserve Intégrale de la Vassako-Bolo) is an 860-square-kilometre (330 sq mi) nature reserve within Bamingui-Bangoran National Park and Biosphere Reserve in the northern region of the Central African Republic.	Vassako Bolo Strict Nature Reserve	Central African Republic
country	Płock Cathedral, or the Cathedral of the Blessed Virgin Mary of Masovia, in Płock, is a Roman Catholic cathedral in Poland, an example of Romanesque architecture.	Płock Cathedral	Poland
country	Wilczanka best wieś(vilˈt͡ʂaŋka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żyrzyn, within Puławy County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Wilczanka	Poland
country	The Si Phan Don (Lao: ສີ່ພັນດອນ; meaning The 4000 islands) is a riverine archipelago located in the Mekong River, Champasak Province in southern Laos.	Si Phan Don	Laos
country	Kolonaki Square (Greek: Πλατεία Κολωνακίου), is located in central Athens, Greece.	Kolonaki Square	Greece
country	Baarlo (51°20′N 6°6′E) (Limburgish: Baolder) is a town in the southeastern Netherlands.	Baarlo	Netherlands
country	Pangri Zampa Monastery is a Buddhist monastery in Bhutan.	Pangri Zampa Monastery	Bhutan
country	Excavations by the Archaeological Survey of India yielded some more Remnants along these Ramateertham hills comprising Buddhist Relics and jaina Figures.This site is now under the maintenance of Archaeological Survey of India, Hyderabad circle.	Ramateertham	India
country	RSPCA NSW is a not-for-profit charity operating in New South Wales, Australia that promotes animal welfare.	RSPCA NSW	Australia
country	Davlos (Greek: Δαυλός, Turkish: Kaplıca) is a village in Cyprus, located on the northern coast, east of Kyrenia, near Kantara Castle.	Davlos	Cyprus
country	Koramşalı (former Kirazlı) is a village in Mersin Province, Turkey.	Koramşalı	Turkey
country	Punta El Chiquirín is the easternmost point of the mainland of El Salvador (not counting the land border with Honduras).	Punta El Chiquirín	El Salvador
country	Stulno (ˈstulnɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wola Uhruska, within Włodawa County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine.	Stulno	Poland
country	Centre of Sports in Jonava is an indoor sporting center in Jonava, Lithuania.	Centre of Sports in Jonava	Lithuania
country	Emerson's Brewery Limited is a microbrewery located in Dunedin, New Zealand established in 1993.	Emerson's Brewery	New Zealand
country	Munyange is a Sub-Location in Mahiga Location of Kenya's Nyeri County, in the former Central Province.	Munyange	Kenya
country	Chekya-Byas (Russian: Чекя-Бясь) is a rural locality (a selo), one of two settlements, in addition to Asyma, in Kirovsky Rural Okrug of Gorny District in the Sakha Republic, Russia.	Chekya-Byas	Russia
country	The Choloki River (Georgian: ჩოლოქი, also Cholok River or Çolok River) in Georgia forms the border between the autonomous province of Ajaria and the province of Guria.	Choloki River	Georgia
country	Moraleja de Matacabras is a municipality located in the province of Ávila within the autonomous community Castile and León, Spain.	Moraleja de Matacabras	Spain
country	Botum Sakor National Park is the biggest national park of Cambodia.	Botum Sakor National Park	Cambodia
country	Deh Kahan Rural District (Persian: دهستان ده كهان‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Aseminun District, Manujan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Deh Kahan Rural District	Iran
country	Glim (Arabic: جليم‎) is a neighborhood in Alexandria, Egypt.	Glim	Egypt
country	Naqishiat-e Yek (Persian: نقيشيات يك‎, also Romanized as Naqīshīāt-e Yek; also known as Naghīshīāt, Nagh-i-Shiyāt, and Naqshīāt) is a village in Miyan Ab Rural District, in the Central District of Shushtar County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Naqishiat-e Yek	Iran
country	Rasinja is a settlement and an eponymous municipality in northern Croatia in the Koprivnica--	Rasinja	Croatia
country	The Gare de Chépy-Valines (Chépy-Valines station) is a railway station located in the commune of Chépy, and near Valines, both in the Somme department, France.	Gare de Chépy-Valines	France
country	The Leduc Formation is a stratigraphic unit of Late Devonian (Frasnian) age in the Western Canada Sedimentary Basin.	Leduc Formation	Canada
country	Terebezhi (Ukrainian: Теребежі) is a village (selo) in Brodivskyi Raion, Lviv Oblast, in western Ukraine.	Terebezhi	Ukraine
country	Castello di Vezio is a castle located nearby Varenna and Perledo, northern Italy.	Castello di Vezio	Italy
country	It gave its name to the former constituency of the United Kingdom Parliament, Glasgow Camlachie.	Camlachie	United Kingdom
country	Changliu Railway Station is a railway station of Hainan Eastern Ring Railway, serving the Changliu township, located in Hainan, People's Republic of China.	Changliu Railway Station	People's Republic of China
country	The Aachener Domchor (Aachen Cathedral Choir) is the oldest boys' choir in Germany and one of the oldest in the world.	Aachener Domchor	Germany
country	Dörpling, a municipality in the district of Dithmarschen in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany, was first mentioned in a document in 1320.	Dörpling	Germany
country	Palaiopyrgos (Greek: Παλαιόπυργος, ``Old Tower'', before 1957: Μποντιά - Bontia or Bodia) is a village in the municipal unit Levidi, Arcadia in Greece.	Palaiopyrgos	Greece
country	Didi Abuli (Georgian: დიდი აბული) is one of the highest peak of the Lesser Caucasus Mountains in the nation of Georgia.	Didi Abuli	Georgia
country	Nanded district (Marathi: नांदेड जिल्हा) is a district of Maharashtra state in central India.	Nanded district	India
country	Nishiotaki Dam (Japanese: 西大滝ダム) is a dam in the Nagano Prefecture, Japan.	Nishiotaki Dam	Japan
country	Krásnohorské Podhradie (Hungarian: Krasznahorkaváralja) is a village and municipality in the Rožňava District in the Košice Region of middle-eastern Slovakia.	Krásnohorské Podhradie	Slovakia
country	The Olympia Terminal (Finnish: Olympiaterminaali, Swedish: Olympiaterminalen) is a dock in the South Harbour of Helsinki, Finland.	Olympia Terminal	Finland
country	Lelkowo (lɛlˈkɔvɔ) (German: Lichtenfeld) is a village in Braniewo County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland, close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.	Lelkowo	Poland
country	Long Semado (also known as Semado, Long Semadoh or Long Semabo) is a settlement in the Lawas division of Sarawak, Malaysia.	Long Semado	Malaysia
country	Vercelli railway station (Italian: Stazione di Vercelli) is the main station serving the city and comune of Vercelli, in the Piedmont region, northwestern Italy.	Vercelli railway station	Italy
country	The Deboyne Islands are an atoll, composed of a group of reefs and islands in the north of the Louisiade Archipelago, Papua New Guinea.	Deboyne Islands	Papua New Guinea
country	The Dubara Palace is located in Kasr EL-Ainy street in the Garden City district in downtown Cairo, Egypt.	Dubara Palace	Egypt
country	Andørja Church (Norwegian: Andørja kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Ibestad in Troms county, Norway.	Andørja Church	Norway
country	Doornkop (literally ``thorn hill'') is a ridge and locality southwest of Johannesburg, close to Krugersdorp, in Gauteng Province, South Africa.	Doornkop	South Africa
country	The Municipality of Mirna Peč (Slovene: Občina Mirna Peč) is a municipality in southeast Slovenia, located in the traditional region of Lower Carniola.	Municipality of Mirna Peč	Slovenia
country	Mag Ari is a town in the northeastern Nugal region of Somalia.	Mag Ari	Somalia
country	Saint-Narcisse is a parish municipality located in the regional county municipality (MRC) Chenaux, in the administrative region of Mauricie, in the province of Quebec, in Canada.	Saint-Narcisse	Canada
country	Waskaganish Airport, (IATA: YKQ, ICAO: CYKQ), is located near the town of Waskaganish, Quebec, Canada.	Waskaganish Airport	Canada
country	The Carpathian Flysch Belt is connected to the flysch belt of the Alps (Rhenodanubian Flysch) and continues through the territory of Bohemia, Slovakia, Poland, Ukraine and Romania.	Carpathian Flysch Belt	Slovakia
country	Stëblevë (Macedonian: Стеблево) is a village and a former municipality in the Elbasan County in eastern Albania.	Stëblevë	Albania
country	Peñarroya de Tastavins (Spanish: (peɲaˈroʝa ðe tastaˈβins)) or Pena-roja (Catalan: (ˈpenə ˈrɔʒə), locally: (ˈpena ˈrɔtʃa)) is a municipality located in the Matarranya comarca, province of Teruel, Aragon, Spain.	Peñarroya de Tastavins	Spain
country	Quatre Cocos is a village in the District of Flacq on the East of the island of Mauritius, the main island of the Republic of Mauritius.	Quatre Cocos	Mauritius
country	Horeke is a settlement in the upper reaches of the Hokianga Harbour in Northland, New Zealand.	Horeke	New Zealand
country	Cracroft Caverns, also known as the Cashmere Caverns, are a series of large chambers in the hill of the Cashmere suburb of Christchurch, New Zealand.	Cracroft Caverns	New Zealand
country	Jaun (French: Bellegarde) is a municipality in the district of Gruyère in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland.	Jaun	Switzerland
country	Tazehabad-e Chomaqestan (Persian: تازه ابادچماقستان‎, also Romanized as Tāzehābād-e Chomāqestān; also known as Tāzehābād-e Soflá) is a village in Amlash-e Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Amlash County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Tazehabad-e Chomaqestan	Iran
country	Gradiček (pronounced (ɡɾaˈdiːtʃək); German: Pergradu) is a small settlement northwest of Krka in the Municipality of Ivančna Gorica in central Slovenia.	Gradiček	Slovenia
country	Moliro is a community in the east of the Democratic Republic of the Congo beside Lake Tanganyika on the border with Zambia.	Moliro	Democratic Republic of the Congo
country	The Museum of Fine Arts of Córdoba is a museum founded in 1844 in Córdoba (Spain).	Museum of Fine Arts of Córdoba	Spain
country	Bullendale is an abandoned mining settlement in Otago, New Zealand.	Bullendale	New Zealand
country	Bolhrad (Ukrainian: Болград Bolhrad; Bulgarian and Russian: Болград Bolgrad; Romanian: Bolgrad), sometimes known as Bolgrad, is a small city in Odessa Oblast (province) of southwestern Ukraine, in the historical region of Budjak.	Bolhrad	Ukraine
country	Nowa Dziedzina (ˈnɔva d͡ʑeˈd͡ʑina) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Barlinek, within Myślibórz County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Nowa Dziedzina	Poland
country	The Lac Alfred Wind Project is a wind project developed by EDF EN Canada and owned by EDF EN Canada and Enbridge.	Lac Alfred Wind Project	Canada
country	The Ventspils International Radio Astronomy Centre (Latvian: Ventspils Starptautiskais Radioastronomijas Centrs -- VIRAC) is an ex-Soviet radio astronomy installation 30 km north of Ventspils, Latvia, on the coast of the Baltic Sea in Ance parish.	Ventspils International Radio Astronomy Centre	Latvia
country	Karlovac County (Croatian: Karlovačka županija) is a county in central Croatia, with the administrative center in Karlovac.	Karlovac County	Croatia
country	Springhills is a locality in the central Southland region of New Zealand's South Island.	Springhills	New Zealand
country	Barzaljin (Persian: برزلجين‎, also Romanized as Barzaljīn, Borzelajīn, Borzolajīn, Būraz Lājīn, Būrzolājīn, and Būrzūlājīn) is a village in Afshariyeh Rural District, Khorramdasht District, Takestan County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Barzaljin	Iran
country	Mala Usora (English: Little Usora) is a river in central-northern Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Mala Usora	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Ano Lechonia (Greek: Άνω Λεχώνια) is a town in the Magnesia regional unit, Greece.	Ano Lechonia	Greece
country	Sansapor Airfield (also known as Mar Airfield) is a former World War II airfield located in the village of Mar, in West Irian Jaya Province, Indonesia.	Sansapor Airfield	Indonesia
country	Grand-Baie (or sometimes Grand Bay) is a coastal village in Mauritius located in Rivière du Rempart District, the western part also lies in the Pamplemousses District.	Grand-Baie	Mauritius
country	Shur Rud (Persian: شوررود‎, also Romanized as Shūr Rūd) is a village in Eshqabad Rural District, Miyan Jolgeh District, Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Shur Rud	Iran
country	Pordim (Bulgarian: Пордим) is a town in Pleven Province in central northern Bulgaria and the administrative centre of Pordim municipality.	Pordim	Bulgaria
country	Heathrow Terminal 3 is an airport terminal at Heathrow Airport, serving London, the capital city of the United Kingdom.	Heathrow Terminal 3	United Kingdom
country	Beyarjomand (Persian: بيارجمند‎, Beyārjomand, Bīārjmand, Bīārjomand, and Bīyārjomand; also known as Beyār) is a city in and capital of Beyarjomand District, Shahrud County, Semnan Province, Iran.	Beyarjomand	Iran
country	Baba Dineh (Persian: بابادينه‎, also Romanized as Bābā Dīneh) is a village in Pachehlak-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Azna County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Baba Dineh	Iran
country	Kyuyorelyakh (Russian: Кюёрелях) is a rural locality (a selo), the only inhabited locality, and the administrative center of Oktyabrsky Rural Okrug of Gorny District in the Sakha Republic, Russia, located 68 kilometers (42 mi) from Berdigestyakh, the administrative center of the district.	Kyuyorelyakh	Russia
country	Kauklahti railway station (Finnish: Kauklahden rautatieasema, Swedish: Köklax järnvägstation) is a station on the Helsinki commuter rail network located in Espoo, Finland.	Kauklahti railway station	Finland
country	The Pitalkhora Caves, in the Satamala range of the Western Ghats of Maharashtra, India, are an early Buddhist site consisting of 14 rock-cut cave monuments which date back to the third century BCE, making them one of the earliest examples of rock-cut architecture in India.	Pitalkhora	India
country	Abou El Hassan District is a district of Chlef Province, lying situated on the Mediterranean Sea, northern Algeria.	Abou El Hassan District	Algeria
country	Lanzer See is a lake in Kreis Herzogtum Lauenburg, Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.	Lanzer See	Germany
country	Sansiri is one of the largest real estate developers in Thailand offering a full range of housing units; single-detached houses, semi-detached houses, townhouses, and condominiums.	Sansiri	Thailand
country	Kolonia Łysowa (kɔˈlɔɲa wɨˈsɔva) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przesmyki, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Kolonia Łysowa	Poland
country	Quillebeuf-sur-Seine is a commune in the north-western part of the Eure department in Haute-Normandie in northern France.	Quillebeuf-sur-Seine	France
country	El Lencero Airport (IATA: JAL, ICAO: MMJA) is an airport located at Xalapa, Veracruz, Mexico.	El Lencero Airport	Mexico
country	Bokhtariyon (Persian: باختریان‎) is a town and jamoat in Tajikistan.	Bokhtariyon	Tajikistan
country	Bełdów (ˈbɛu̯duf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Aleksandrów Łódzki, within Zgierz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Bełdów	Poland
country	Horadiz (variously Goradiz, Gorodiz, and Geradiz) is a city and municipality in the Fizuli Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Horadiz	Azerbaijan
country	The Skawahlook First Nation, formerly the Tait Indian Band is a band government of the Sto:lo people whose reserves and communities are located in the Upper Fraser Valley region of British Columbia, Canada, near the community of Ruby Creek, which is at the eastern end of the District of Kent.	Skawahlook First Nation	Canada
country	The Helpmann Award for Best Direction of an Opera is an award presented by Live Performance Australia (LPA), an employers' organisation which serves as the peak body in the live entertainment and performing arts industries in Australia.	Helpmann Award for Best Direction of an Opera	Australia
country	Hıdırlık Tower (Turkish: Hıdırlık Kulesi) is a landmark tower of tawny stone in Antalya, Turkey, where Kaleiçi meets Karaalioglu Park.	Hıdırlık Tower	Turkey
country	Świlcza (ˈɕfilt͡ʂa) is a village in Rzeszów County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Świlcza	Poland
country	Sado Airport (Japanese: 佐渡空港) (IATA: SDS, ICAO: RJSD) is a public aerodrome located 4 km (2.5 mi) southwest of Ryōtsu in Sado, Niigata Prefecture, Japan.	Sado Airport	Japan
country	Dzoravank (Armenian: Ձորավանք, also Romanized as Dzoravank'' and Dzoravanq; formerly, Karakaya and Gharaghaya) is a small village in the Gegharkunik Province of Armenia.	Dzoravank	Armenia
country	Meherabad (meher flourishing: ``abad'' meaning a prosperous settlement, or a flourishing colony) was originally an ashram established by Meher Baba near Arangaon Village, India in 1923 about 9 kilometres (6 mi) south of Ahmednagar.	Meherabad	India
country	Yamparáez is the seat of Yamparáez Municipality located in the Yamparáez Province in the Chuquisaca Department of Bolivia.	Yamparáez	Bolivia
country	Valcheta is a village and municipality in Río Negro Province in Argentina, seat of government of Valcheta Department.	Valcheta	Argentina
country	The Chaco National Park (Spanish: Parque Nacional Chaco) is a national park of Argentina, located in the province of Chaco.	Chaco National Park	Argentina
country	Meucon (Breton: Meukon) is a commune in the Morbihan department of Brittany in north-western France.	Meucon	France
country	Abbottabad Tehsil (Urdu: تحصیل ایبٹ آباد‎) is an administrative subdivision (tehsil) of Abbottabad District in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan.	Abbottabad Tehsil	Pakistan
country	The Læborg or Laeborg Runestone, listed as DR 26 in the Rundata catalog, is a Viking Age memorial runestone located outside of the village hall or Forsamlinghus in Læborg, which is about 3 kilometers north of Vejen, Denmark.	Laeborg Runestone	Denmark
country	LMS Center (Language-Mind-Society Center) is a centre for the study of language, mind and society established at the Faculty of Arts of the University of Hradec Králové, Czech Republic, EU in 2009 with support from the ESF.	LMS Center	Czech Republic
country	Mohamed Boudiaf International Airport (IATA: CZL, ICAO: DABC), also known as Mohamed Boudiaf Airport, is an airport in Algeria, located approximately 9 kilometres (5.6 mi) south of Constantine; about 320 kilometres (200 mi) east-southeast of Algiers.	Mohamed Boudiaf International Airport	Algeria
country	Ras Qartas Energy Plant (also known as Ras Laffan C power and desalination plant) is a power generation and water desalination plant located in Ras Laffan Industrial City, Qatar.	Ras Qartas Energy Plant	Qatar
country	Chorzyna (xɔˈʐɨna) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osjaków, within Wieluń County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Chorzyna	Poland
country	The Cameron Highway is an arterial road in South Australia, connecting Alawoona on the Karoonda Highway to Paruna on the Browns Well Highway.	Cameron Highway	Australia
country	Sisir Mancha is an auditorium located in A.J.C. Bose Road, Kolkata, West Bengal, India.	Sisir Mancha	India
country	Verkehrsverbund Rhein-Neckar (VRN) is a public transport network covering parts of the German states of Baden-Württemberg, Rhineland-Palatinate and Hesse in south-west Germany.	Verkehrsverbund Rhein-Neckar	Germany
country	Ochoża-Pniaki (ɔˈxɔʐa ˈpɲaki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbica, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Ochoża-Pniaki	Poland
country	Club Atlético Piraña is a sports club from Parque Patricios, Buenos Aires, Argentina.	Club Atlético Piraña	Argentina
country	The school board of the Kaufmännische Schule Tauberbischofsheim is the Main-Tauber-Kreis and the school campuses in Tauberbischofsheim, in Baden-Württemberg, Southern Germany.	Kaufmännische Schule Tauberbischofsheim	Germany
country	Bang Khun Thien Museum (Also Bang Khun Thian) is a museum in Bangkok, Thailand.	Bang Khun Thien Museum	Thailand
country	Sdot Negev Regional Council (Hebrew: מועצה אזורית שדות נגב‎, Mo'atza Azorit Sdot Negev, lit. Negev Fields Regional Council), formerly known as Azata Regional Council (Hebrew: מועצה אזורית עזתה‎, Mo'atza Azorit Azata) is a regional council in the northwestern Negev desert in the Southern District of Israel.	Sdot Negev Regional Council	Israel
country	Unterrheintal District (German: Bezirk Unterrheintal) is a former district of the canton of St. Gallen in Switzerland.	Unterrheintal District	Switzerland
country	Khvajeh Rowshanai (Persian: خواجه روشنايي‎, also Romanized as Khvājeh Rowshanā’ī; also known as Khājeh Rowshanā’ī, Khvājeh Roshnai, and Khwāja Roshnai) is a village in Pasakuh Rural District, Zavin District, Kalat County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Khvajeh Rowshanai	Iran
country	The PAL Gaming Network (PALGN) was an Australian-based video game news and reviews website that focused on the videogame industry and culture in PAL territories, particularly Australia and the UK.	PALGN	Australia
country	Khauxas is a small settlement in the Hardap Region of central Namibia.	Khauxas	Namibia
country	Nilamel is a town located in Kollam District of Kerala, India.	Nilamel	India
country	Langstrand (Afrikaans and German for ``Long Beach'', which the town is often called, too, among English-speaking tourists) is a small beach resort on the Atlantic coast in western Namibia.	Langstrand	Namibia
country	Pečje (pronounced (pɛˈtʃjɛ)) is a settlement in the Municipality of Sevnica in central Slovenia.	Pečje	Slovenia
country	Vašca (pronounced (ˈʋaːʃtsa); in older sources also Vašce, German: Waschze) is a settlement in the Municipality of Cerklje na Gorenjskem in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Vašca	Slovenia
country	The Marina Sky Towers was a residential complex under construction in the Dubai Marina area, Dubai, United Arab Emirates.	Marina Sky Towers	United Arab Emirates
country	Choquequirao (in hispanicized spelling), Chuqi K'iraw or Chuqik'iraw (Quechua chuqi metal, every kind of precious metal/gold (<Aymara), k'iraw crib, cot, also spelled Choqek'iraw) is an Incan site in south Peru, similar in structure and architecture to Machu Picchu.	Choquequirao	Peru
country	Udzungwa Mountains National Park is a national park in Tanzania with a size of 1,990 km² (770 miles²).	Udzungwa Mountains National Park	Tanzania
country	Sreekanteswaram is a place in Thiruvananthapuram city (Trivandrum), India.	Sreekanteswaram	India
country	Bikács is a small village in Tolna (county) in Hungary.	Bikács	Hungary
country	Mount Lucania is the third highest mountain located entirely in Canada.	Mount Lucania	Canada
country	Orašje is a town and municipality in the northern part of Bosnia and Herzegovina, located on the river Sava on the border with Croatia.	Orašje	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Yelujeh (Persian: يلوجه‎, also Romanized as Yelūjeh and Yellūjeh; also known as Hija, Ilidzha, Ilija, Īljeh, and Yelījeh) is a village in Khanandabil-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Khalkhal County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Yelujeh	Iran
country	Ternate City (Indonesian: Kota Ternate) is the largest town in the province of North Maluku in Indonesia.	Ternate City	Indonesia
country	Çuxurməhlə (also, Chukhur-Magla and Chukhurmakhla) is a village in the Agdam Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Çuxurməhlə	Azerbaijan
country	The Maungataniwha Range is a volcanic mountain range located halfway between Kaitaia and Okaihau in Northland of New Zealand.	Maungataniwha Range	New Zealand
country	The Cauca River (Spanish: Río Cauca) is a river in Colombia that lies between the Occidental and Central cordilleras.	Cauca River	Colombia
country	RTV Noord is a regional radio and television public broadcaster in Groningen, the Netherlands.	RTV Noord	Netherlands
country	Pörtschach am Wörthersee (Slovene: Poreče) is a municipality in the district of Klagenfurt-Land in Carinthia, Austria.	Pörtschach am Wörthersee	Austria
country	Ebsdorfergrund is a community consisting of 11 villages in the southeast of Marburg-Biedenkopf district in Hesse, Germany.	Ebsdorfergrund	Germany
country	Founded in 1918, The Ubyssey is the largest student-run paper in Western Canada, and the second largest in Canada.	The Ubyssey	Canada
country	The Scottish Green Party (Scottish Gaelic: Pàrtaidh Uaine na h-Alba; Scots: Scots Green Pairty) is a green, left wing political party in Scotland.	Scottish Green Party	Scotland
country	The Kaikorai Stream is a short river which runs through the city of Dunedin, in New Zealand's South Island.	Kaikorai Stream	New Zealand
country	Finca 63 is a town nearby Río Claro, Costa Rica, located 2 miles south on Costa Rica Highway 14 in Puntarenas Province.	Finca 63	Costa Rica
country	Toporec (Hungarian: Toporc, German: Topporz) is a village and municipality in Kežmarok District in the Prešov Region of north Slovakia.	Toporec	Slovakia
country	New Thebes (Arabic: طيبة الجديدة‎) is a city in Red Sea Governorate, Egypt.	New Thebes	Egypt
country	Breng is the name of a public transportation concept in the Stadsregio Arnhem-Nijmegen in the Netherlands.	Breng	Netherlands
country	Eidsfos Verk (English: Eidsfos Iron Works) was an ironworks located at Eidsfoss in Vestfold, Norway.	Eidsfos Verk	Norway
country	The Chapel of Our Lady of Europe (Spanish: Capilla de Nuestra Señora de Europa) is a Roman Catholic chapel located in the High Square (Spanish: Plaza Alta) of Algeciras (Spain).	Chapel of Our Lady of Europe	Spain
country	Miradź (ˈmirat͡ɕ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Człopa, within Wałcz County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Miradź	Poland
country	The Arboretum du Puy Chabrol (38 hectares) is an arboretum located near the community of Barsanges, northwest of Meymac, Corrèze, Limousin, France.	Arboretum du Puy Chabrol	France
country	The Château de La Palice is a castle, developed into a château, in the commune of Lapalisse in the Allier département of the Auvergne région of France.	Château de La Palice	France
country	Kiryat Gat Railway Station is a station on the Israel Railways lines between Tel Aviv (and points north) and Be'er Sheva, serving Kiryat Gat.	Kiryat Gat Railway Station	Israel
country	Cerro Solo is a large stratovolcano on the border between Argentina and Chile, west of Ojos del Salado.	Cerro Solo	Argentina	Chile
country	Progressive Democratic Tribune (Arabic: جمعية المنبر الديمقراطي التقدمي, jam'iyyat al-minbar ad-dimuqrati at-taqadummi, often referred to as al-Minbar) is a political outfit launched by returning exiles from the underground communist National Liberation Front - Bahrain in 2001.	Progressive Democratic Tribune	Bahrain
country	Aiyura is the name of a valley located in the Eastern Highlands of Papua New Guinea.	Aiyura	Papua New Guinea
country	Rojnai (Persian: رجنعي‎, also Romanized as Rojnaʿī; also known as Rūjneh’ī, Roshanai, Rowshanā’ī, Rowshaneh, and Rowshangān) is a village in Darmian Rural District, in the Central District of Darmian County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Rojnai	Iran
country	The Kästeklippen, often shortened to Käste, is a rocky tor above the Oker valley in the Upper Harz mountains of central Germany.	Kästeklippen	Germany
country	The Trans-Mongolian Railway follows an ancient tea-caravan route from China to Russia and connects Ulan-Ude, on the Trans-Baikal (Trans-Siberian) railway in Russia, with the Chinese city of Jining, by way of Ulaanbaatar in Mongolia.	Trans-Mongolian Railway	Russia
country	Avdur (also, Avdour and Avdurr) is a village in the Khojavend Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Avdur	Azerbaijan
country	Mokhsogollokh (Russian: Мохсоголло́х; Yakut: Мохсоҕоллоох) is an urban locality (an urban-type settlement) in Khangalassky District of the Sakha Republic, Russia, located on the left bank of the Lena River, 24 kilometers (15 mi) from Pokrovsk, the administrative center of the district.	Mokhsogollokh	Russia
country	Hølonda Church (Norwegian: Hølonda kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Melhus in Sør-Trøndelag county, Norway.	Hølonda Church	Norway
country	Steam Brewing Company's beers have won numerous awards in New Zealand and Australia.	Steam Brewing Company	New Zealand
country	Alberona is an upland village and comune of the province of Foggia and region of Apulia, in southeast Italy.	Alberona	Italy
country	Sélestat (pronounced: (selɛsta); Alsatian: Schlettstàdt; German: Schlettstadt) is a commune in the North-East of France.	Sélestat	France
country	Iguaçu National Park (Portuguese pronunciation: (iɡwaˈsu)) is a national park in Paraná State, Brazil.	Iguaçu National Park	Brazil
country	Čelarevo (Serbian Cyrillic: Челарево) is a village located in the Bačka Palanka municipality, in the South Bačka District of Serbia.	Čelarevo	Serbia
country	Bergschenhoek ((ˌbɛrxsə(n)ˈɦuk)) is a town and former municipality in the Netherlands.	Bergschenhoek	Netherlands
country	Vangsvik Chapel (Norwegian: Vangsvik kapell) is a parish church in the municipality of Tranøy in Troms county, Norway.	Vangsvik Chapel	Norway
country	Pico del Caballo, Cerro del Caballo or simply Caballo (``horse'') is 3,011 m high mountain in the Sierra Nevada, Spain.	Pico del Caballo	Spain
country	Adhurst (also known as Adhurst St Mary) is a hamlet in Hampshire, United Kingdom.	Adhurst	United Kingdom
country	Goryachiye Ruchyi (Russian: Горя́чие Ручьи́) was a rural locality (an inhabited locality) in the administrative jurisdiction of the Closed Administrative-Territorial Formation of Alexandrovsk in Murmansk Oblast, Russia, located beyond the Arctic Circle at a height of 3 meters (9.8 ft) above sea level.	Goryachiye Ruchyi	Russia
country	Weikendorf is a town in the district of Gänserndorf in the State of Lower Austria, in northeast Austria.	Weikendorf	Austria
country	New Island (Spanish: Isla de Goicoechea) is one of the Falkland Islands, lying north of Beaver Island.	New Island	Falkland Islands
country	DSR Proteus-Eretes (Dutch: Delftse Studenten Roeivereniging - Delft Student Rowing Club) is a student rowing club in Delft, Netherlands, with more than 550 members.	DSR Proteus-Eretes	Netherlands
country	Öttevény is a village in Győr-Moson-Sopron county, Hungary.	Öttevény	Hungary
country	Turkmen Agricultural University Named after S.A. Niyazov (Turkmen: S.A.Nyýazow adyndaky Türkmen oba hojalyk Uniwersitety) is the largest higher education institution in Turkmenistan.	Turkmen Agricultural University Named after S.A. Niyazov	Turkmenistan
country	The R292 road is a regional road in Ireland that runs from Sligo town via Strandhill to Ballysadare, all in County Sligo.	R292 road	Ireland
country	Ban Pla Khao is a village in Tambon Pla Khao, Thailand, 20 kilometres from Amnat Charoen city.	Ban Pla Khao	Thailand
country	The Our Lady of Kazan Orthodox Cathedral (Spanish: Catedral Ortodoxa Nuestra Señora de Kazán) (Russian: Православный Собор Богоматери Казанской Transliteration: Pravoslavnyĭ Sobor Bogomateri Kazanskoĭ), is a Russian Orthodox cathedral located in historic old town of Havana, Cuba, under the jurisdiction of the Russian Orthodox Church.	Our Lady of Kazan Orthodox Cathedral	Cuba
country	CAO Central Allocation Office GmbH is the joint auction office allocating cross border electricity transmission capacity for borders between Austria, Czech Republic, Germany, Hungary, Poland, Slovakia and Slovenia.	CAO Central Allocation Office	Germany
country	Inwałd (ˈinvau̯t) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Andrychów, within Wadowice County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Inwałd	Poland
country	The Royal Pantheon of the House of Braganza (Portuguese: Panteão Real da Casa de Bragança), located in the Monastery of São Vicente de Fora in Lisbon, Portugal, is the final resting place for the majority of the Braganza monarchs of Portugal and their families.	Royal Pantheon of the House of Braganza	Portugal
country	Estakhr-e Posht (Persian: استخرپشت‎, also Romanized as Estakhr-e Posht; also known as Esţalkh Posht) is a village in Estakhr-e Posht Rural District, Hezarjarib District, Neka County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Estakhr-e Posht	Iran
country	Wielopole Skrzyńskie (vjɛlɔˈpɔlɛ ˈskʂɨɲskʲɛ) is a village (town in 1348 - 1933) in Ropczyce-Sędziszów County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Wielopole Skrzyńskie	Poland
country	Sanga-Sanga is an island in the southwestern Philippines, part of the Sulu Archipelago between the Sulu Sea and Celebes Sea.	Sanga-Sanga	Philippines
country	The Cachoeira da Fumaça (``Smoke Falls'', once known as ``Glass Falls'') is 340 m tall waterfall in Bahia, Brazil.	Cachoeira da Fumaça	Brazil
country	Radon Labs was a video game developer based in Germany.	Radon Labs	Germany
country	Wafangdian (Chinese: 瓦房店; pinyin: Wǎfángdiàn), formerly Fuxian or Fu County (Chinese: 复县), is one of the two ``northern county-level cities'', the other being Zhuanghe, under the administration of Dalian, located in the south of Liaoning province, People's Republic of China.	Wafangdian	People's Republic of China
country	The Manila Thermal Power Plant (MTPP) is a decommissioned power plant found in Isla de Provisor, Paco, Manila (Philippines), along the Pasig River.	Manila Thermal Power Plant	Philippines
country	Ahmad Rasul (Persian: احمدرسول‎, also Romanized as Aḩmad Rasūl) is a village in Dasht Rural District, Silvaneh District, Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Ahmad Rasul	Iran
country	Daguessa is a town in the Sila Region of eastern Chad, on Chad's border with Sudan.	Daguessa	Chad
country	Lagodekhi is in the Kakheti district of Georgia.	Lagodekhi	Georgia
country	Charlottenlund Palace (Danish: Charlottenlund Slot) is a former royal summer residence in Charlottenlund, some 10 km north of central Copenhagen, Denmark.	Charlottenlund Palace	Denmark
country	Toro sub-region is a region in Uganda that is coterminous with Toro Kingdom in Western Uganda.	Toro sub-region	Uganda
country	Sintiki (Greek: Σιντική) is a municipality in the Serres regional unit, Central Macedonia, Greece.	Sintiki	Greece
country	Chippewas of Rama First Nation, also known as Chippewas of Mnjikaning and Chippewas of Rama Mnjikaning First Nation, is an Anishinaabe (Ojibway) First Nations reserve located in the province of Ontario in Canada.	Chippewas of Rama First Nation	Canada
country	Cape Hollman is a headland in the north-central of the island of New Britain, Papua New Guinea, at 4.98333°S 150.1°E.	Cape Hollman	Papua New Guinea
country	Royères (Occitan: Roiéra) in a commune in the Haute-Vienne department in the Limousin region in west-central France.	Royères	France
country	Basingstoke College of Technology (BCoT) is a further education college in Basingstoke, Hampshire, United Kingdom.	Basingstoke College of Technology	United Kingdom
country	Lyutitsa (Bulgarian: Лютица) is one of the largest and best preserved castles in the easternmost part of the Eastern Rhodopes, located 3.5 hours' walk south-west of Ivaylovgrad, in southernmost Bulgaria.	Lyutitsa	Bulgaria
country	The Godøy Tunnel (Norwegian: Godøytunnelen) is a subsea road tunnel which runs between the islands of Giske and Godøy in Giske Municipality, Møre og Romsdal county, Norway.	Godøy Tunnel	Norway
country	Dorset Collegiate (officially called Dorset Collegiate High School) is a school in Pilley's Island, Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada.	Dorset Collegiate	Canada
country	Sandvík (pronounced (ˈsanvʊik), Faroese: Sandy Bay) is the northernmost village of the island of Suðuroy in the Faroe Islands.	Sandvík	Faroe Islands
country	Augusta Raurica is a Roman archaeological site and an open-air museum in Switzerland located on the south bank of the Rhine river about 20 km east of Basel near the villages of Augst and Kaiseraugst.	Augusta Raurica	Switzerland
country	The Toronto Harbour Light is an automated lighthouse at Vicki Keith Point on the Leslie Street Spit in Toronto, Canada.	Toronto Harbour Light	Canada
country	Ouakam is a commune d'arrondissement in the city of Dakar, Senegal.	Ouakam	Senegal
country	Cerro Duida, also known as Cerro Yennamadi, is a very large tepui in Amazonas state, Venezuela.	Cerro Duida	Venezuela
country	High Tone is a dub band from Lyon, France.	High Tone	France
country	Domps (Occitan: Doms) is a commune in the Haute-Vienne department in the Limousin region in western France.	Domps	France
country	Sērene Parish (Latvian: Sērenes pagasts) is an administrative unit of the Aizkraukle District, Latvia.	Sērene Parish	Latvia
country	VIEW Conference is a computer graphics event in Italy and is held yearly in Turin, between October and November.	VIEW Conference	Italy
country	The Graphex National Design Awards is a biennial competition in Canada to celebrate and showcase the best examples of visual communication design.	Graphex	Canada
country	Elewijt Castle, also known as ``Castle of Het Steen'' or ``Rubenskasteel'', is a castle in Elewijt, Belgium, which was owned by Peter Paul Rubens from 1635 to his death in 1640, and features in some of his paintings.	Elewijt Castle	Belgium
country	Kurodani Dam (Japanese: 黒谷ダム) is a dam in the Okayama Prefecture, Japan, completed in 1931.	Kurodani Dam	Japan
country	The Waitotara River in New Zealand's North Island stretches approximately 100 km in length from its headwaters in the Matemateaonga Ranges to its mouth on the South Taranaki Bight.	Waitotara River	New Zealand
country	The Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) is a financial regulatory body in the United Kingdom, but operates independently of the UK government, and is financed by charging fees to members of the financial services industry.	Financial Conduct Authority	United Kingdom
country	Teie is a part of the urban area of Tønsberg, located on the island Nøtterøy, as well as in Nøtterøy municipality, Norway.	Teie	Norway
country	Basabari is an area of the town of Bagerhat in southwestern Bangladesh.	Basabari	Bangladesh
country	CFKS-DT is the V owned-and-operated television station in Sherbrooke, Quebec, Canada, operating as a de facto semi-satellite of Montreal owned-and-operated station CFJP-DT. It broadcasts a high-definition digital signal on UHF channel 30 from a transmitter in Orford.	CFKS-DT	Canada
country	Burnaby North Secondary School is the largest secondary school in British Columbia, Canada, as well as the largest in Western Canada.	Burnaby North Secondary School	Canada
country	The Col du Grand Ballon (elevation 1,343 m (4,406 ft)) is a mountain pass situated close to the summit of the Grand Ballon (1,424 m (4,672 ft)) in the Vosges Mountains of France.	Col du Grand Ballon	France
country	Martinovo (Bulgarian: Мартиново) is a village in northwestern Bulgaria, part of Chiprovtsi Municipality, Montana Province.	Martinovo	Bulgaria
country	Kilmaley (Irish: Cill Mháille) is civil parish and a village situated 12 kilometres (7.5 mi) west of the town of Ennis, County Clare, Ireland.	Kilmaley	Ireland
country	Catoira is a municipality in Galicia, Spain, located in the province of Pontevedra.	Catoira	Spain
country	Mizoram Presbyterian Church Synod (Mizoram Presbyterian Kohhran Synod in Mizo) is the largest Christian denomination in Mizoram, northeast India.	Mizoram Presbyterian Church Synod	India
country	Khosrow Beyk Rural District (Persian: دهستان خسروبيك‎‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Milajerd District, Komijan County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Khosrow Beyk Rural District	Iran
country	Heiglkopf, also spelled Heigelkopf, (1205 m) is a mountain near the village of Wackersberg in Upper Bavaria, Germany, close to the Austrian border.	Heiglkopf	Germany
country	Drapetsona (Greek: Δραπετσώνα) is a suburb and a former municipality in the southwestern part of the Athens-Piraeus agglomeration, Greece.	Drapetsona	Greece
country	German submarine U-563 was a Type VIIC U-boat of Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine during World War II. She carried out eight patrols and sank three ships, totalling 14,689 gross register tons (GRT), as well as one warship of 1,870 GRT.	German submarine U-563	Nazi Germany
country	Hasan Ali Darreh Forkh (Persian: حسنعلي دره فرخ‎, also Romanized as Ḩasan ʿAlī Darreh Forkh) is a village in Lalar and Katak Rural District, Chelo District, Andika County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Hasan Ali Darreh Forkh	Iran
country	Gəgiran (also, Gegeran and Gegiran) is a village and municipality in the Lankaran Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Gəgiran	Azerbaijan
country	Makueni County (formerly Makueni District) is a county in the former Eastern Province of Kenya.	Makueni County	Kenya
country	Corlough (Irish: Corr Locha, meaning ``lake of the herons'') is a Roman Catholic parish situated in the Barony of Tullyhaw, County Cavan, Ireland.	Corlough	Ireland
country	Žurkov Dol (pronounced (ˈʒuːɾkɔu̯ ˈdoːl)) is a settlement in the hills above Sevnica in central Slovenia.	Žurkov Dol	Slovenia
country	Pontoise Cathedral (French: Cathédrale Saint-Maclou de Pontoise) is a Roman Catholic cathedral, and national monument of France, located in the town of Pontoise, now on the outskirts of Paris, in the Val d'Oise.	Pontoise Cathedral	France
country	Te Wharekura o Ruatoki is a school in the Eastern Bay of Plenty, New Zealand, serving years 1 through 13.	Te Wharekura o Ruatoki	New Zealand
country	Gitgit Waterfall is a waterfall on Bali, Indonesia.	Gitgit Waterfall	Indonesia
country	Karvan-e Olya Rural District (Persian: دهستان كرون عليا‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Karvan District, Tiran and Karvan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Karvan-e Olya Rural District	Iran
country	Podole Wielkie (pɔˈdɔlɛ ˈvjɛlkʲɛ) (German: Groß Podel) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Główczyce, within Słupsk County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Podole Wielkie	Poland
country	Carling Avenue is a major east-west arterial road in the west end of Ottawa, Ontario, Canada.	Carling Avenue	Canada
country	Mrđenovac (Serbian: Мрђеновац) is a village in Serbia.	Mrđenovac	Serbia
country	Coronado (São Romão e São Mamede) is a civil parish in the municipality of Trofa, Portugal.	Coronado (São Romão e São Mamede)	Portugal
country	The Crowes railway line was a 2 ft 6 in (762 mm) narrow gauge railway located in the Otway Ranges in south-western Victoria, Australia, running from the main line to Port Fairy at Colac to Beech Forest and later Crowes.	Crowes railway line	Australia
country	Czarnostów (t͡ʂarˈnɔstuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Karniewo, within Maków County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Czarnostów	Poland
country	Waza National Park (French: Parc National de Waza) is a national park in the Department of Logone-et-Chari, in Far North Region, Cameroon.	Waza National Park	Cameroon
country	Gnuni (Armenian: Գնունի) was a noble family of old Armenia c. 300--800.	Gnuni	Armenia
country	Björlanda is a locality situated in Göteborg Municipality, Västra Götaland County, Sweden.	Björlanda	Sweden
country	Khorma (Persian: خرما‎, also Romanized as Khormā) is a village in Otaqvar Rural District, Otaqvar District, Langarud County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Khorma	Iran
country	The University of Bonn (German: Rheinische Friedrich-Wilhelms-Universität Bonn) is a public research university located in Bonn, Germany.	University of Bonn	Germany
country	Marghdari-ye Akarmian Basraha (Persian: مرغداري اكرميان بصره ائ‎, also Romanized as Marghdārī-ye Ākarmīān Başrahā'') is a village in Neyasar Rural District, Neyasar District, Kashan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Marghdari-ye Akarmian Basraha	Iran
country	Estakhru (Persian: استخرو‎, also Romanized as Estakhrū; also known as Estārū) is a village in Nazil Rural District, Nukabad District, Khash County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Estakhru	Iran
country	Strożyska (strɔˈʐɨska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Korczyn, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Strożyska	Poland
country	The Nueva Granada Military University (Spanish: Universidad Militar Nueva Granada), also called UMNG, is a public, auto sufficient, national, coeducational university based in the city of Bogotá, Colombia.	Nueva Granada Military University	Colombia
country	Chojnice (xɔjˈɲit͡sɛ) (Kashubian/Pomeranian: Chònice, German: Konitz) is a town in northern Poland with approximately 40 447 inhabitants (2011), near the famous Tuchola Forest and many other natural reservoirs.	Chojnice	Poland
country	Margate Airport is an airport in Margate, KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa (IATA: MGH, ICAO: FAMG).	Margate Airport	South Africa
country	Nassau Castle, located in Nassau, Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany, was the original seat of the House of Nassau.	Nassau Castle	Germany
country	Voufrades (Greek: Βουφράδες) is a former municipality in Messenia, Peloponnese, Greece.	Voufrades	Greece
country	Annapol (anˈnapɔl) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jarocin, within Jarocin County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Annapol	Poland
country	Lausanne District (French: District de Lausanne) is a district in the canton of Vaud, Switzerland.	Lausanne District	Switzerland
country	Invincible Snowfields is a private ski resort near Glenorchy in the South Island of New Zealand.	Invincible Snowfields	New Zealand
country	Metro Axomulco was a planned station that would serve Line 8 and Line 12 of the Mexico City Metro, but due to service issues the station construction was cancelled, leaving instead the Atlalilco station as the correspondence between these lines.	Metro Axomulco	Mexico
country	Derviçan (Greek: Δερβιτσ(ι)άνη, Dervits(i)ani, also known as Dervician) is a settlement in the former Dropull i Poshtëm municipality, Gjirokastër County, southern Albania.	Derviçan	Albania
country	Tilley's Devine Café Gallery is a well-known café in the suburb of Lyneham in Canberra, Australia.	Tilley's	Australia
country	Brzozowo-Chabdy (bʐɔˈzɔvɔ ˈxabdɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Poświętne, within Białystok County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Brzozowo-Chabdy	Poland
country	Račišće (pronounced (rǎtʃiːʃtɕɛ)) is a village on the island of Korčula, part of the Dubrovnik-Neretva county in Croatia.	Račišće	Croatia
country	Mirabella Fortress (Peovica) is a fortress located above town of Omiš in Split-Dalmatia County, in Dalmatia, Croatia.	Mirabella Fortress (Peovica)	Croatia
country	Louis Trichardt (formerly Trichardtsdorp) is a town at the foot of the Soutpansberg mountain range in the Limpopo province of South Africa.	Louis Trichardt	South Africa
country	Adjumani is a town in Adjumani District in the Northern Region of Uganda and the site of the district headquarters.	Adjumani	Uganda
country	Rybina (rɨˈbina) (German: Fischerbabke) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stegna, within Nowy Dwór Gdański County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Rybina	Poland
country	Guider (sometimes spelled Guidder) is a city situated in Cameroon's North Province, close to the border with Chad.	Guider	Cameroon
country	The National Dental Centre of Singapore (NDC; Chinese: 国牙科中心) is a facility in Singapore for specialist oral healthcare services.	National Dental Centre	Singapore
country	In 2012, Rio das Flores has launched a 6-year plan to explore the opportunities created by the World Cup 2014 and the 2016 Olympics that are to be hosted in Brazil.	Rio das Flores	Brazil
country	Witbank Dam is a buttress type dam located on the Olifants River in South Africa.	Witbank Dam	South Africa
country	Dubai (/duːˈbaɪ/ doo-BY; Arabic: دبي‎ Dubayy, Gulf pronunciation: (dʊˈbɑj)) is the most populous city in the United Arab Emirates (UAE).	Dubai	United Arab Emirates
country	Villa Crespo y San Andrés is a small town or populated centre in the Canelones Department of southern Uruguay.	Villa Crespo y San Andrés	Uruguay
country	Altheim (Alb) is a municipality in the Alb-Donau district, in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.	Altheim (Alb)	Germany
country	Baucau is the second-largest city in East Timor, after Dili, the capital, which lies 122 km east of Dili.	Baucau	East Timor
country	Kuchek Bisheh-ye Mahalleh (Persian: كوچك بيشه محله‎, also Romanized as Kūchek Bīsheh Maḩalleh; also known as Bīsheh Maḩalleh-ye Kūchak) is a village in Emamzadeh Abdollah Rural District, Dehferi District, Fereydunkenar County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Kuchek Bisheh-ye Mahalleh	Iran
country	Havij (Persian: هويج‎, also Romanized as Havīj) is a village in Qaleh Asgar Rural District, Lalehzar District, Bardsir County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Havij	Iran
country	Douaumont (French pronunciation: ​(dwomɔ̃)) is a commune in the Meuse department in Lorraine in north-eastern France.	Douaumont	France
country	NSS College of Engineering Palakkad is one of the earliest engineering educational institutions in Kerala, India.	NSS College of Engineering	India
country	The Main Suburban railway line is the technical name for the trunk railway line between Redfern railway station and Parramatta railway station in Sydney, Australia, but now generally refers to the section between Redfern and where the Old Main South Line branches off at Granville Junction.	Main Suburban railway line	Australia
country	The river Helpe Majeure (Helpe Major) runs through the Nord department, in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais Region of France.	Helpe Majeure	France
country	Lower Quarry Cascade is a 4 metre high complex ribbon cascade found on private property, (private without permission to access), in Burlington, Ontario, Canada.	Lower Quarry Cascade	Canada
country	Bonar Shadali (Persian: بنارشهدالي‎, also Romanized as Bonār Shadālī) is a village in Chin Rural District, Ludab District, Boyer-Ahmad County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Bonar Shadali	Iran
country	Arevashat (Armenian: Արևաշատ) known as Varmaziar until 1946, is a village in the Armavir Province of Armenia.	Arevashat	Armenia
country	The Mergellina Funicular (Italian: Funicolare Mergellina), is a funicular railway line that forms part of the public transport system for the city of Naples, Italy.	Mergellina Funicular	Italy
country	The Mailiao Power Plant (Chinese: 麥寮電廠; pinyin: Màiliáo Diànchǎng) is a coal-fired power plant in Mailiao, Yunlin, Taiwan.	Mailiao Power Plant	Taiwan
country	Mieussy is a commune in the Haute-Savoie department in the Rhône-Alpes Regions of France Mieussy is a traditional unspoiled Alpine farming village in the Vallée du Giffre.	Mieussy	France
country	The Ninh Thuận 2 Nuclear Power Plant is a planned nuclear power plant at Vĩnh Hải, Ninh Hải District, Ninh Thuận Province, Vietnam.	Ninh Thuận 2 Nuclear Power Plant	Vietnam
country	Tarnawatka (tarnaˈvatka) is a village in Tomaszów Lubelski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Tarnawatka	Poland
country	Aghurabad (Persian: اغوراباد‎, also Romanized as Āghūrābād; also known as Ūghūrābād) is a village in Ujan-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Bostanabad County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Aghurabad	Iran
country	The area known as Rózsadomb (German: Rosenhügel, Turkish: Gültepe, lit.:``Rose Hill'') is a wealthy area of the Buda side of Budapest, the capital of Hungary.	Rózsadomb	Hungary
country	Anzal District (Persian: بخش انزل‎) is a district (bakhsh) in Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Anzal District	Iran
country	Fariman (Persian: فريمان‎; also Romanized as Farīmān; also known as Farīmūn) is a city in and the capital of Fariman County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Fariman	Iran
country	Makindye is a hill in Kampala, Uganda's largest city and capital.	Makindye	Uganda
country	Angyalföld (German: Engelsfeld; literally: ``Angel's Field'') is a neighbourhood in Budapest, Hungary.	Angyalföld	Hungary
country	Aapua is a village in the county of Norrbotten in Sweden.	Aapua	Sweden
country	Villar del Pozo is a municipality in located in the province of Ciudad Real, Castile-La Mancha, Spain.	Villar del Pozo	Spain
country	Hurghada International Airport (IATA: HRG, ICAO: HEGN) is the international airport of Hurghada in Egypt.	Hurghada International Airport	Egypt
country	Hajjah (Arabic: حجة‎) is the capital city of Hajjah Governorate in north-western Yemen.	Hajjah	Yemen
country	Ľubotice (Hungarian: Kellemes) is a village and municipality in Prešov District in the Prešov Region of eastern Slovakia.	Ľubotice	Slovakia
country	Currently, the Carmañola Americana is the anthem for the Vargas State, Venezuela.	Carmañola Americana	Vargas
country	Wola Prosperowa (ˈvɔla prɔspɛˈrɔva) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Oporów, within Kutno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Wola Prosperowa	Poland
country	The Barelang Bridge (Jembatan Barelang) is a chain of 6 bridges of various types that connect the islands of Batam, Rempang, and Galang (Indonesia).	Barelang Bridge	Indonesia
country	Peruc (German: Perutz) is a market town in the Ústí nad Labem Region of the Czech Republic.	Peruc	Czech Republic
country	Banie (ˈbaɲe) (German Bahn) is a village in Gryfino County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Banie	Poland
country	Gudhem is a locality situated in Falköping Municipality, Västra Götaland County, Sweden.	Gudhem	Sweden
country	Tapsa (Pagoda Temple) and the Stone Pagodas of Mount Mai is a small Korean Buddhist Temple complex found in the Maisan (Horse Ear Mountain) in Jinan County, North Jeolla Province, South Korea.	Tapsa	South Korea
country	Bogojević Selo (Serbian Cyrillic: Богојевић Село) is a village in the municipality of Trebinje, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Bogojević Selo	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Mar del Plata is one of the major fishing ports and the biggest seaside beach resort in Argentina.	Mar del Plata	Argentina
country	The Dusit Residence Dubai Marina also known as the Roshana Tower, is a 35-floor hotel apartment tower with 146 apartments in the Dubai Marina in Dubai, United Arab Emirates.	Dusit Residence	United Arab Emirates
country	Paniri (Aymara) is a stratovolcano located in El Loa Province, Antofagasta Region, Chile, and near the border with Bolivia.	Paniri	Chile
country	Charles de Gaulle Plaza is a ``class A'' office building in the Charles de Gaulle Square, Bucharest, Romania.	Charles de Gaulle Plaza	Romania
country	Hamrahlid College (Icelandic: Menntaskólinn við Hamrahlíð) or MH is a public gymnasium (Icelandic: menntaskóli), located in Hlíðahverfi, Reykjavík, Iceland.	Hamrahlid College	Iceland
country	The Großer Knechtsand is a large sandbank beyond the Weser and Elbe estuaries (in the Elbe-Weser Triangle) in the eastern part of Lower Saxony's Wadden Sea off the coast of North Germany.	Großer Knechtsand	Germany
country	Kfar Yam (Hebrew: כפר ים‎) was a small outpost and one of the Gaza Strip Israeli Settlements abandoned in Israel's 2005 disengagement plan.	Kfar Yam	Israel
country	Kara-Kavak (Uzbek, Uighur and Turkish = Black poplar or Populous nigra L)is a village in Osh Region of Kyrgyzstan.	Kara-Kavak	Kyrgyzstan
country	Gujarat Arts & Science College popularly and earlier known as Gujarat College is one of the oldest educational institution of India and second arts and science college of Gujarat, near Ellis Bridge, Ahmedabad.	Gujarat College	India
country	Ghor University (Persian: دانشگاه غور‎) is located in Ghor province, northern Afghanistan.	Ghor University	Afghanistan
country	FK Dečić (Cyrillic: ФК Дечић, Albanian: KF Deçiqi) is a football club from Tuzi, Montenegro, currently competing in the Montenegrin First League.	FK Dečić	Montenegro
country	The Drususstein (Drusus stone) is a nearly 20 metres high masonry block of Roman origin on the grounds of the citadel of Mainz, Germany.	Drususstein	Germany
country	Saranti (Greek: Σαράντη) is a small village in the Nicosia District of Cyprus, located near Lagoudera.	Saranti	Cyprus
country	Ørsjøen is a lake in the municipality of Halden in Østfold county, Norway.	Ørsjøen	Norway
country	Sau Mau Ping Estate (Chinese: 秀茂坪邨) is one of the earliest public housing estates in Kwun Tong District, New Kowloon, Hong Kong.	Sau Mau Ping Estate	Hong Kong
country	Four states in the United States of America and Korea specifically list Adam Smith University as unaccredited.	Adam Smith University	United States of America
country	Częstocin (t͡ʂɛ̃sˈtɔt͡ɕin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przywidz, within Gdańsk County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Częstocin	Poland
country	Bidu Bidu Forest Reserve is in the Beluran district in Sandakan Division, Sabah, Malaysia.	Bidu Bidu Forest Reserve	Malaysia
country	Špindlerův Mlýn (Czech pronunciation: (ˈʃpɪndlɛruːv ˈmliːn); German: Spindlermühle) is a town in the Czech Republic in the Krkonoše.	Špindlerův Mlýn	Czech Republic
country	Eu Tong Sen Street (Chinese: 余东旋街) is a one-way road located in the central part of Singapore in the planning areas of Outram, Singapore River and Bukit Merah.	Eu Tong Sen Street	Singapore
country	Masjed Bin Rahi Avqaf (Persian: مسجدبين راهي اوقاف‎, also Romanized as Masjed Bīn Rāhī Āvqāf) is a village in Tirjerd Rural District, in the Central District of Abarkuh County, Yazd Province, Iran.	Masjed Bin Rahi Avqaf	Iran
country	Tafunsak (formerly transliterated as Tahfuhnsahk) is the largest settlement on the island of Kosrae in the Federated States of Micronesia.	Tafunsak	Federated States of Micronesia
country	The Saba National Marine Park encompasses the waters and sea bed encircling the Caribbean island of Saba, Kingdom of the Netherlands, from the high water mark to 200 feet (60 meters) deep.	Saba National Marine Park	Netherlands
country	Gangotri Glacier (Sanskrit, Nepali and Hindi: गंगोत्री) is located in Uttarkashi District, Uttarakhand, India in a region bordering China.	Gangotri Glacier	India
country	The Ducal Palace of Pastrana (Spanish: Palacio Ducal de Pastrana) is a palace located in Pastrana, Spain.	Ducal Palace of Pastrana	Spain
country	Teater Momentum is a small theatre in Odense, Denmark.	Teater Momentum	Denmark
country	The Hochschule für Musik Saar is a music conservatory located in Saarbrücken, Germany.	Hochschule für Musik Saar	Germany
country	Eshkevar-e Sofla Rural District (Persian: دهستان اشكورسفلي‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Rahimabad District, Rudsar County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Eshkevar-e Sofla Rural District	Iran
country	Asbqaran (Persian: اسبقران‎, also Romanized as Asbqarān) is a village in Razliq Rural District, in the Central District of Sarab County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Asbqaran	Iran
country	Estación Tapia or Tapia is a village or populated centre in the Canelones Department of southern Uruguay.	Estación Tapia	Uruguay
country	Ligao, often referred to as Ligao City, is a fourth class city in the province of Albay, Philippines, 500 kilometres (310 mi) south-east of Manila.	Ligao	Philippines
country	Almere Poort is a borough (stadsdeel) of Almere, Netherlands.	Almere Poort	Netherlands
country	Kosobudz (kɔˈsɔbut͡s) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łagów, within Świebodzin County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.	Kosobudz	Poland
country	Märkische Schweiz Nature Park is a nature park and reserve in the district Märkisch-Oderland, state Brandenburg, Germany.	Märkische Schweiz Nature Park	Germany
country	Räpina (Võro: Räpinä, German: Rappin) is a town in Põlva County, Estonia.	Räpina	Estonia
country	Prądno (ˈprɔndnɔ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Barlinek, within Myślibórz County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Prądno	Poland
country	Adareh Ghaleh-ye Kuhdasht (Persian: اداره غله کوهدشت‎, also Romanized as Ādāreh Ghaleh-ye Kūhdasht) is a village in Kuhdasht-e Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Kuhdasht County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Adareh Ghaleh-ye Kuhdasht	Iran
country	Bishopsworth is the name of both a council ward of the city of Bristol in the United Kingdom, and a suburb of the city which lies within that ward.	Bishopsworth	United Kingdom
country	Bicol River is the eight largest river in the Philippines in terms of drainage basin size with an estimated catchment area of 3,770 km².	Bicol River	Philippines
country	Tazeh Kand Gandomabad (Persian: تازه كندگندم اباد‎, also Romanized as Tāzeh Kand Gandomābād; also known as Taza-Kend and Tāzeh Kand) is a village in Shal Rural District, Shahrud District, Khalkhal County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Tazeh Kand Gandomabad	Iran
country	Itacoatiara is one of the 48 official neighborhoods into which the city of Niterói, Rio de Janeiro in Brazil is divided.	Itacoatiara	Brazil
country	Kangaba is a town and commune and seat of the Cercle of Kangaba in the Koulikoro Region of south-western Mali.	Kangaba	Mali
country	The Institut Catholique de Paris (ICP), known in English as the Catholic University of Paris (and in Latin as Universitas catholica Parisiensis), is a private university located in Paris, France.	Institut Catholique de Paris	France
country	Palak Dil or Pala Tipo (Mara language for ``swallowing lake'') is the largest lake in southern Mizoram, northeast India.	Palak Dil	India
country	It is the capital of the Province of Catania, and is the second-largest city in Sicily, the tenth in Italy, and the hundredth-largest city in the European Union.	Catania	Italy
country	Rancho Magaña Airstrip is a privately owned public-use dirt airstrip located North of San Quintín, Municipality of Ensenada, Baja California, Mexico, just on the East side of the Federal Highway 1.	Rancho Magaña Airstrip	Mexico
country	Snehatheeram Beach or Love Shore is beach in Thalikulam of Thrissur District in Kerala State of India.	Snehatheeram Beach	India
country	Ain Ebel (Arabic: (عين إبل) ar:عين إبل‎) is a village located in the Caza of Bint Jbeil in the Nabatiye Governorate in Lebanon.	Ain Ebel	Lebanon
country	Enoteca Pinchiorri is an Italian restaurant in Florence, Italy.	Enoteca Pinchiorri	Italy
country	Mazraeh-ye Banak Keshavarzi (Persian: مزرعه بانك كشاورزي‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Bānak Keshāvarzī) is a village in Qareh Chay Rural District, in the Central District of Saveh County, Markazi Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 70, in 18 families.	Mazraeh-ye Banak Keshavarzi	Iran
country	International Convention Center Jeju (ICC Jeju) opened in 2003 on Jeju Island, South Korea, in the Jungmun Resort near the city of Seogwipo.	International Convention Center Jeju	South Korea
country	Metni Vrh (pronounced (ˈmeːtni ˈʋəɾx)) is a dispersed settlement in the hills north of Sevnica in east-central Slovenia.	Metni Vrh	Slovenia
country	Vojevac (Cyrillic: Војевац) is a village in the municipality of Bosanska Krupa, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Vojevac	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Skæring is a suburb of Aarhus in Denmark.	Skæring	Denmark
country	Chitrawan Municipality is a Municipality in Chitwan District in the Narayani Zone of southern Nepal.	Chitrawan Municipality	Nepal
country	The Palace of Villahermosa (Spanish: Palacio de Villahermosa) is a palace located in Madrid, Spain.	Palace of Villahermosa	Spain
country	The Small Airplane Revitalization Act of 2013 (H.R. 1848) is a bill related to airplane regulations in the United States of America that was introduced into the United States House of Representatives during the 113th United States Congress.	Small Airplane Revitalization Act of 2013	United States of America
country	Seodaejeon Station, meaning ``West Daejeon Station'', is on South Korea's high-speed KTX railway network, 161 km south of Yongsan Station.	Seodaejeon Station	South Korea
country	Evans Shire was a local government area which encircled the City of Bathurst in New South Wales, Australia.	Evans Shire	Australia
country	Struisbaai is a coastal settlement in the Overberg region of South Africa's Western Cape province.	Struisbaai	South Africa
country	Slănic (Romanian pronunciation: (sləˈnik)) is one of the 14 towns of Prahova County, Romania, historically and currently known as a salt extraction center, as well as a spa town, with salt lakes.	Slănic	Romania
country	Birnin Kebbi is a city located in northwestern Nigeria.	Birnin Kebbi	Nigeria
country	The ICHEC Brussels Management School (French: Institut Catholique des Hautes Etudes Commerciales) is an elite Catholic college in Brussels (Belgium, Europe).	ICHEC Brussels Management School	Belgium
country	Zarrineh-ye Varmazyar (Persian: زرينه ورمزيار‎, also Romanized as Zarrīneh-ye Varmazyār; also known as Zarrīneh) is a village in Qaratureh Rural District, in the Central District of Divandarreh County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Zarrineh-ye Varmazyar	Iran
country	Jalan Puchong-Petaling Jaya (Selangor state route ) is a major roads in Klang Valley regions, Selangor, Malaysia	Jalan Puchong-Petaling Jaya	Malaysia
country	The Geomdeok mine is one of the largest lead and zinc mines in North Korea and in the world.	Geomdeok mine	North Korea
country	Stary Wiązów (ˈstarɨ ˈvjɔ̃zuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiązów, within Strzelin County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Stary Wiązów	Poland
country	Jasło (ˈjaswɔ) (German: Jassel) is a county town in south-eastern Poland with 36,641 inhabitants, as of 31 December 2012.	Jasło	Poland
country	Chahar Qeshlaq (Persian: چهارقشلاق‎, also Romanized as Chahār Qeshlāq) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Garmsar County, Semnan Province, Iran.	Chahar Qeshlaq	Iran
country	The Děčínský Sněžník (German: Hoher Schneeberg) is a mountain in the Czech Republic and, at 722.8 m (2,371 ft) above sea level, the highest peak in the Elbe Sandstone Mountains.	Děčínský Sněžník	Czech Republic
country	Kyebando is a neighborhood within Kampala, the capital and largest city in Uganda.	Kyebando	Uganda
country	Trier (German pronunciation: (ˈtʀiːɐ̯); Luxembourgish: Tréier), formerly known in English as Treves (French: Trèves, IPA: (tʁɛv)), is a city in Germany on the banks of the Moselle.	Trier	Germany
country	Wat Rong Khun (Thai: วัดร่องขุ่น), perhaps better known to foreigners as the White Temple, is a contemporary, unconventional, privately owned, art exhibit in the style of a Buddhist temple in Chiang Rai Province, Thailand.	Wat Rong Khun	Thailand
country	Dequey is one of the Batanes Islands, in the province of Batanes, in Luzon Strait, the Philippines.	Dequey	Philippines
country	The Canadian Labour Congress, or CLC (French: Congrès du travail du Canada or CTC) is a national trade union centre, the central labour body in English Canada to which most Canadian labour unions are affiliated.	Canadian Labour Congress	Canada
country	Holy Name Preparatory School is a public primary school located in Port of Spain, Trinidad and Tobago Originally associated with Holy Name Convent secondary school and Sacred Heart Boys, the school became an independent entity in 1965.	Holy Name Preparatory	Trinidad and Tobago
country	Ytri-Rangá is a river in Iceland popular for salmon fishing.	Ytri-Rangá	Iceland
country	Maevatanana is a city and commune urbaine (Malagasy: kaominina) in Madagascar.	Maevatanana	Madagascar
country	Daharan (Persian: دهاران‎, also Romanized as Dahārān; also known a Cherāghābād and Dahārūn) is a village in Deh Kahan Rural District, Aseminun District, Manujan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Daharan	Iran
country	Meremäe Town Hall (Estonian: Meremäe vallamaja) is a building in Estonia, the site of the office of the Meremäe rural municipality.	Meremäe Town Hall	Estonia
country	Qala K'umu (Aymara qala stone, k'umu hunchback ``stone hump'', also spelled Ccalacumu, Jalacumu) is a mountain in the north of the Apolobamba mountain range in the Andes of Peru, about 5,200 metres (17,060 ft) high.	Qala K'umu	Peru
country	Tanjung Ringgit is a cape located on the eastern coast line of Lombok Island, Indonesia.	Tanjung Ringgit	Indonesia
country	The University of Raparin is a public university in Ranya, in the Sulaymaniyah Governorate of the Kurdistan Region of Iraq.	University of Raparin	Iraq
country	The University of Caldas (Spanish: Universidad de Caldas), is a public, coeducational, research university based in Manizales, Caldas, Colombia.	University of Caldas	Colombia
country	The Mogamma (Arabic: مجمع التحرير, also spelled Mugamma) is a government building in Cairo, Egypt.	The Mogamma	Egypt
country	Çaybaşı, formerly Çilader, is a town and district of Ordu Province in the Black Sea region of Turkey.	Çaybaşı	Turkey
country	Faleolo International Airport (IATA: APW, ICAO: NSFA) is an airport located 40 kilometres (25 mi) west of Apia, the capital of Samoa.	Faleolo International Airport	Samoa
country	Korochansky Uyezd (Russian: Корочанский уезд) was one of the uyezds (administrative units) of Kursk Governorate of the Russian Empire and then of the Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic with its center in Korocha until its formal abolition in 1924 by Soviet authorities.	Korochansky Uyezd	Russian Empire
country	Lake Parangi is a small supertrophic (i.e. saturated in phosphorus and nitrogen, with excessive phytoplankton growth after a few weeks of calm, sunny weather), dune-dammed lake 3 km north of Kawhia in the Waikato region of New Zealand.	Lake Parangi	New Zealand
country	Ignacio Escudero District is one of eight districts of the province Sullana in Peru, part of the region of Piura.	Ignacio Escudero District	Peru
country	Jalan Kuala Dungun, or Jalan Haji Zainal Abidin, Federal Route 127, is a federal road in Terengganu, Malaysia.	Jalan Kuala Dungun	Malaysia
country	Qarah Ayaq (Persian: قره اياق‎, also Romanized as Qarah Āyāq and Qarah Ayāq) is a village in Yowla Galdi Rural District, in the Central District of Showt County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Qarah Ayaq	Iran
country	Long Tungan (also known as Kenyah Jamok) is a settlement in the Marudi division of Sarawak, Malaysia.	Long Tungan	Malaysia
country	Kayl (Luxembourgish: Keel) is a commune and town in south-western Luxembourg.	Kayl	Luxembourg
country	The Epigraphical Museum (Greek: Επιγραφικόν μουσείον) of Athens, Greece, is unique in Greece and the largest of its kind in the world.	Epigraphical Museum	Greece
country	Nirab-e Olya (Persian: نيراب عليا‎, also Romanized as Nīrāb-e ``Olyā) is a village in Soleyman Rural District, Soleyman District, Zaveh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 225, in 43 families.	Nirab-e Olya	Iran
country	The Pensions Appeal Tribunal was a judicial tribunal in the United Kingdom which had jurisdiction to hear and decide appeals against decisions of the Secretary of State in connection with applications for war pensions by former members of the military services.	Pensions Appeal Tribunal	United Kingdom
country	Eaglesham (South) Aerodrome (TC LID: CGL4) is located 8 nautical miles (15 km; 9.2 mi) south southwest of Eaglesham, Alberta, Canada.	Eaglesham (South) Aerodrome	Canada
country	George Pearson Centre is a long term residential care facility located in the Marpole neighbourhood of Vancouver, B.C., Canada and is currently owned and operated by Vancouver Coastal Health.	George Pearson Centre	Canada
country	Nezlobnaya (Russian: Незлобная) is a rural locality (a stanitsa) in Georgiyevsky District of Stavropol Krai, Russia, located 6 kilometers (3.7 mi) from Georgiyevsk, the administrative center of the district.	Nezlobnaya	Russia
country	Rytwiany (rɨtˈfjanɨ) is a village in Staszów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Rytwiany	Poland
country	Ga'ash (Hebrew: גַּעַשׁ, lit. Storm) is a kibbutz in central Israel.	Ga'ash	Israel
country	XXL (Also called XXL Sport & Villmark) is a Norwegian sporting goods retailer operating stores in Norway, Sweden and Finland.	XXL Sport & Villmark	Sweden
country	Khulin Darreh (Persian: خولين دره‎, also Romanized as Khūlīn Darreh; also known as Kholīn Darreh and Ḩalīn Darreh) is a village in Estarabad Rural District, Kamalan District, Aliabad County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Khulin Darreh	Iran
country	The Canadian National Police Service (commonly referred to as the CN Police) is a private railroad police force protecting the property, personnel, and rail infrastructure of Canadian National Railway in Canada and the United States.	CN Police	Canada
country	Kurbnesh (definite Albanian form: Kurbneshi) is a small town in Lezhë County, Albania.	Kurbnesh	Albania
country	Waihi is a town in Hauraki District in the North Island of New Zealand, especially notable for its history as a gold mine town.	Waihi	New Zealand
country	Albu Shelug (Persian: ابوشلوگ‎, also Romanized as Ālbū Shelūg; also known as Abū Chalāk, Abū Shalūk, and Abū Sholūg) is a village in Jaffal Rural District, in the Central District of Shadegan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Albu Shelug	Iran
country	Tsinga or Singa is a village in Indonesia located in Western New Guinea, in the kabupaten of Mimika Regency.	Tsinga	Indonesia
country	Ipatiev House (Russian: Дом Ипатьева) was a merchant's house in Yekaterinburg where the former Emperor Nicholas II of Russia, his family and members of his household were executed following the Bolshevik Revolution.	Ipatiev House	Russia
country	Walker Street Cinema was an independently run repertory cinema located at 121 Walker St, North Sydney, New South Wales, Australia.	Walker Street Cinema	Australia
country	Malleco Province is known for having the emblematic Malleco Viaduct and the Las Raíces Tunnel, Chile's longest tunnel that links the eastern part of Malleco province to the rest of the province.	Malleco Province	Chile
country	The Beirut Governorate (Arabic: محافظة بيروت‎, Muhāfazat Bayrūt) is the only Lebanese governorate that consists of one district and one city, Beirut, which is also its capital, and the capital of Lebanon.	Beirut Governorate	Lebanon
country	Salmiyarvi (Russian: Сальмиярви, Finnish: Salmijärvi) is the rural locality (a Posyolok) in Pechengsky District of Murmansk Oblast, Russia.	Salmiyarvi	Russia
country	Perumal Peak or Perumal Malai Peak is a high peak at Kodaikanal in the Perumalmalai hills, that are a part of the greater Western Ghat mountain range in Tamil Nadu, India, having an elevation of 2,440 metres (8,005 ft).	Perumal Peak	India
country	Bolshaya Sosnova (Russian: Большая Соснова) is a rural locality (a selo) and the administrative center of Bolshesosnovsky District of Perm Krai, Russia, located 134 kilometers (83 mi) southwest from Perm.	Bolshaya Sosnova	Russia
country	The Concordiasee (concordia being Latin for ``harmony'') is an artificial lake in Saxony-Anhalt, Germany.	Concordiasee	Germany
country	The Museums of the Far East (French: Musées d'Extrême-Orient, Dutch: Musea van het Verre Oosten) is the name of a complex of three museums in Laken, Belgium dedicated to Oriental art and culture, specifically that of China and Japan.	Museums of the Far East	Belgium
country	Chamanlu (Persian: چمنلو‎, also Romanized as Chamanlū) is a village in Qaleh Darrehsi Rural District, in the Central District of Maku County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Chamanlu	Iran
country	Boa Esperança do Sul is located in the southern-subtropical part of Brazil, at 21 degrees, 59 minutes, 33 second south, and 48 degrees, 23 minutes, 27 seconds west, at an altitude of 490 metres (1,610 ft), in the internal part of the State of São Paulo.	Boa Esperança do Sul	Brazil
country	La Kabylie française was a French language radical socialist weekly newspaper published from Tizi-Ouzou, Algeria.	La Kabylie française	Algeria
country	Banqiao District (Chinese: 板橋區; pinyin: Bǎnqiáo Qū) is a district and the seat of New Taipei in northern Taiwan.	Banqiao District	Taiwan
country	Dori Dager (Hindi: ) is a village located in the Jammu district in the state of Jammu & Kashmir, India.	Dori Dager	India
country	Büregkhangai (Mongolian: Бүрэгхангай) is a sum (district) of Bulgan Province in northern Mongolia.	Büregkhangai	Mongolia
country	Maja e Papingut is a peak of the Nemërçkë mountain ridge located in the south of Albania, near the Vjosë river.	Maja e Papingut	Albania
country	Petroșani (Romanian pronunciation: (petroˈʃanʲ); German: Petroschen; Hungarian: Petrozsény) is a city in Hunedoara County, Romania, with a population of 34,331 (2011).	Petroșani	Romania
country	The Widderfeld is a mountain in the Emmental Alps, located west of the Pilatus in Central Switzerland.	Widderfeld	Switzerland
country	Olimpijka was an informal name for the remnants of an uncompleted motorway that was under construction in the 1970s in Poland.	Olimpijka	Poland
country	Shuwaikh Island (Arabic: جزيرة الشويخ‎), also known as Akkaz Island, is a former island of Kuwait within Kuwait Bay.	Shuwaikh Island	Kuwait
country	In 1871 Rome became the capital of the Kingdom of Italy, and in 1946 that of the Italian Republic.	Rome	Kingdom of Italy
country	Klępnica (klɛmpˈɲit͡sa) (German: Glietzig) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łobez, within Łobez County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Klępnica	Poland
country	Stompdrift Dam is a combined multi-arch and gravity type dam located on the Olifants River near De Rust, Western Cape, South Africa.	Stompdrift Dam	South Africa
country	Ras Al Khaimah Academy is a co-educational school located in Ras al-Khaimah, United Arab Emirates.	Ras Al Khaimah Academy	United Arab Emirates
country	The Tel Aviv Performing Arts Center (TAPAC, Hebrew: המשכן לאומנויות הבמה‎) is a performing arts center at King Saul Boulevard in Tel Aviv, Israel.	Tel Aviv Performing Arts Center	Israel
country	Kravany nad Dunajom (Hungarian: Karva) is a village and municipality in the Komárno District in the Nitra Region of south-west Slovakia.	Kravany nad Dunajom	Slovakia
country	The Baffinland Iron Mines Corporation is working to develop a large open pit iron mine in the Mary River area of Baffin Island, Nunavut, Canada.	Baffinland Iron Mine	Canada
country	Kistarcsa (Hungarian pronunciation: (ˈkiʃtɒɾtʃɒ)) is a town in Pest county, Budapest metropolitan area, Hungary.	Kistarcsa	Hungary
country	Paramaribo (Dutch pronunciation: (ˌpaːraːˈmaːriboː), nickname: Par′bo) is the capital and largest city of Suriname, located on banks of the Suriname River in the Paramaribo District.	Paramaribo	Suriname
country	Saghamo Lake (Georgian: საღამოს ტბა) is a lake of Samtskhe-Javakheti, southeastern Georgia, just south of Gamdzani.	Saghamo Lake	Georgia
country	Tulice Małe (tuˈlit͡sɛ ˈmawɛ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Stary Targ, within Sztum County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Tulice Małe	Poland
country	Essingeleden is a motorway that goes from Solna to Stockholm, Sweden, crossing the westmost parts of central Stockholm, by going over Kungsholmen, Lilla Essingen, and Stora Essingen.	Essingeleden	Sweden
country	Barra del Río Bueno or La Barra is a hamlet (Spanish: caserío) located at coast of Osorno Province, southern Chile.	Barra del Río Bueno	Chile
country	Kolugan (Persian: كلوگان‎, also Romanized as Kolūgān; also known as Golūkān) is a village in Rudbar-e Qasran Rural District, Rudbar-e Qasran District, Shemiranat County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Kolugan	Iran
country	Gazchat (Persian: گزچات‎, also Romanized as Gazchāt) is a village in Negur Rural District, Dashtiari District, Chabahar County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Gazchat	Iran
country	The Lichtenfels Forest (German: Lichtenfelser Forst) is a forest northwest of the town of Lichtenfels in Upper Franconia in northern Bavaria, Germany.	Lichtenfels Forest	Germany
country	Oragadam is a town and industrial area located on the outcircuits of Chennai, India.	Oragadam	India
country	ANZ Bank Centre is a Premium Grade commercial office building in Sydney, Australia.	ANZ Bank Centre	Australia
country	Abu Qubays (Arabic: أبو قبيس‎ also spelled Abu Qobeis, Abu Qubais or Bu Kubais; also known as Qartal) is a former medieval castle and currently an inhabited village in northwestern Syria, administratively part of the Hama Governorate, northwest of Hama.	Abu Qubays	Syria
country	The Semenic-Cheile Carașului National Park (Romanian: Parcul Naţional Semenic-Cheile Caraşului) is a protected area (national park category II IUCN) situated in southwest Romania, in Caraş-Severin County.	Semenic-Cheile Carașului National Park	Romania
country	Nunligran (Russian: Нунлигран) is a village (selo) in Iultinsky District of Chukotka Autonomous Okrug, in the Far Eastern Federal District of Russia.	Nunligran	Russia
country	Nogometni Klub Istra 1961 (English: Istra 1961 Football Club), commonly referred to as NK Istra 1961 or simply Istra 1961, is a football club from Pula, Croatia, currently playing in the Croatian First Division.	NK Istra 1961	Croatia
country	As of May 17th , 2014 Defensa y Justicia has been promoted to the Primera Division of the Argentina Football (the highest level in the country)	Defensa y Justicia	Argentina
country	Nam Long Hospital (Chinese: 南朗醫院) was a hospital in Hong Kong specializing in cancer treatment that closed in 2003.	Nam Long Hospital	Hong Kong
country	Pichoy Airport (Spanish: Aeródromo Pichoy) (IATA: ZAL, ICAO: SCVD) is an airport located 32 kilometres (20 mi) northeast of Valdivia, a city in the Los Ríos Region of Chile.	Pichoy Airport	Chile
country	Yosorejo is a coastal village in Batang Regency, Central Java, Indonesia.	Yosorejo	Indonesia
country	Polańczyk (pɔˈlaɲt͡ʂɨk) (Ukrainian: Полянчик, Polianchyk) is a village in Lesko County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Polańczyk	Poland
country	Kose Parish (Estonian: Kose vald) is a rural municipality in northern Estonia.	Kose Parish	Estonia
country	The Old Providence McBean Lagoon National Natural Park (Spanish: Parque Nacional Natural Old Providence McBean Lagoon) is a national park located on the northeast side of Providencia Island in the Archipelago of San Andrés, Providencia and Santa Catalina, Colombia.	Old Providence McBean Lagoon National Natural Park	Colombia
country	Rzadkwin (ˈʐatkfin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzelno, within Mogilno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Rzadkwin	Poland
country	Zhigansk Airport (IATA: ZIX, ICAO: UEVV) is an airport serving the urban locality of Zhigansk, Zhigansky District, in the Sakha Republic of Russia.	Zhigansk Airport	Russia
country	Ralsko Solar Park is the largest photovoltaic power plant in the Czech Republic while also being one of the 50 largest photovoltaic power plants in the world.	Ralsko Solar Park	Czech Republic
country	The Marika Kotopouli Museum is a modern art museum in Zografou, Athens, Greece.	Marika Kotopouli Museum	Greece
country	Whitehorse Creek is a significant stream in western Alberta, Canada.	Whitehorse Creek	Canada
country	Dębia Góra (ˈdɛmbja ˈɡura) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Osiek, within Starogard County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Dębia Góra	Poland
country	Fetisov Arena (Russian: Фетисов-Арена) is an indoor arena located in Vladivostok, Russia.	Fetisov Arena	Russia
country	Ingegerdsleden (``the Ingegerd trail'') is a pilgrimage route in the province of Uppland in Sweden, between Stockholm Cathedral (Storkyrkan) and Uppsala Cathedral (Uppsala domkyrka).	Ingegerdsleden	Sweden
country	Moti Bagh is official residence to senior civil servants, members and Chairman of the Railway Board, other employees serving in the Government of India and several officers of the Indian Armed Forces.	Moti Bagh	India
country	Gulf of Tehuantepec (Spanish: Golfo de Tehuantepec) is a large body of water on the Pacific coast of the Isthmus of Tehuantepec, southwestern Mexico, at 16°N 95°W. Many (but not all) Pacific hurricanes form in or near this body of water.	Gulf of Tehuantepec	Mexico
country	The Durance (Durença in Occitan or Durènço in Mistralian) is a major river in south-eastern France.	Durance	France
country	The Christchurch Southern Motorway is a motorway to the south-west of Christchurch, New Zealand linking the inner-city suburb of Addington, New Zealand to the southern Christchurch suburb of Hornby, New Zealand.	Christchurch Southern Motorway	New Zealand
country	The Sam Rainsy Party (Khmer: គណបក្ស សម រង្ស៊ី; SRP) is a personalist liberal party in Cambodia.	Sam Rainsy Party	Cambodia
country	Pachmarhi is a hill station in Madhya Pradesh state of central India.	Pachmarhi	India
country	Those seeking to reach the port of Veracruz by railroad from Mexico City must travel through Apizaco.	Apizaco	Mexico
country	Selvigny is a former commune in the Nord department in northern France, merged in 1972 with Walincourt to create Walincourt-Selvigny	Selvigny	France
country	Grodzisk Wielkopolski (ˈɡrɔd͡ʑisk vʲɛlkɔˈpɔlskʲi) is a town in western Poland, in Greater Poland Voivodeship (Wielkopolskie), with a population of 13,703 (2006).	Grodzisk Wielkopolski	Poland
country	St James the Great, St Kilda East, is an Anglican parish church in the City of Glen Eira, Victoria, Australia.	St James the Great, St Kilda East	Australia
country	Whangaruru is a locality and harbour on the east coast of Northland, New Zealand.	Whangaruru	New Zealand
country	Lürən (also, Lyuran) is a village and municipality in the Masally Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Lürən	Azerbaijan
country	Kardeh (Persian: كارده‎, also Romanized as Kārdeh; also known as Chahār Deh) is a village in Kardeh Rural District, in the Central District of Mashhad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Kardeh	Iran
country	Posankka is a statue located in Turku, Finland.	Posankka	Finland
country	Bawadi tehsil is a tehsil in Jodhpur District of Rajasthan state in western India.	Bawadi tehsil	India
country	The Sofiensaal is a concert hall and recording venue located in Vienna, Austria.	Sofiensaal	Austria
country	Carribie Conservation Park is a protected area located in the Yorke Peninsula of South Australia about 32 kilometres (20 mi) west of Warooka.	Carribie Conservation Park	Australia
country	Dymitrów Mały (dɨˈmʲitruf ˈmawɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Baranów Sandomierski, within Tarnobrzeg County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Dymitrów Mały	Poland
country	Skouriotissa (Greek: Σκουριώτισσα) is a village in the Nicosia District of Cyprus and the site of the former Skourotissa mines.	Skouriotissa	Cyprus
country	Causeland railway station (Cornish: Tir an Buhes) is an intermediate station 5 miles (8.0 km) south of Liskeard on the scenic Looe Valley Line in Cornwall, United Kingdom, which serves the hamlet of Causeland.	Causeland railway station	United Kingdom
country	Lufu-Toto, formerly known as Cattier after Félicien Cattier, is a locality in the province of Bas-Congo in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.	Lufu-Toto	Democratic Republic of the Congo
country	Fanling Highway (traditional Chinese: 粉嶺公路; simplified Chinese: 粉岭公路; pinyin: Fěnlǐng Gōnglù; Cantonese Yale: fan2 leng5 gung1 lou6) is a part of Route 9 in Hong Kong.	Fanling Highway	Hong Kong
country	The Treaty of Greenville (1814) was called A treaty of peace and friendship between the United States of America and the tribes of Native Americans called the Wyandots, Delawares, Shawanoese, Senacas and Miamies.	Treaty of Greenville (1814)	United States of America
country	Chak 667/8 GB (Urdu: چک ۶۶۷/۸ گ ب) is a small village of Pir Mahal City, Tehsil is Pir Mahal and District is Toba Take Singh in the Punjab Province of Pakistan.	Chak 667/8 GB	Pakistan
country	Vasileia (Greek: Bασίλεια; Turkish: Karşıyaka) is a village in Kyrenia District of Cyprus.	Vasileia	Cyprus
country	Tarnaszentmária is a village at the foot of the Mátra Mountains in Hungary.	Tarnaszentmária	Hungary
country	Aviapolis is a business, retail, entertainment, and housing marketing brand area in central Vantaa, Finland, covering roughly 40 square kilometres (15 sq mi), including Finland's main airline hub and airport, Helsinki Airport.	Aviapolis	Finland
country	North Canberra, also known as the Inner North, is a district of Canberra, the capital city of Australia, comprising 14 suburbs with 21,111 dwellings housing 48,030 people of the 357,222 people in the Australian Capital Territory (2011 Census).	North Canberra	Australia
country	Thoothukudi Municipal Corporation is a civic body that governs Thoothukudi (Tuticorin) city, India.	Thoothukudi Municipal Corporation	India
country	The Dominican Priory, Viborg, or Blackfriars (Sortebrødrekloster) was an important Dominican monastery in Viborg, Denmark, during the Middle Ages.	Dominican Priory, Viborg	Denmark
country	The Agreement on Internal Trade is an intergovernmental agreement between the federal government and the provinces and territories to reduce and eliminate barriers to free movement of people, goods, services and investments within Canada.	Agreement on Internal Trade	Canada
country	The Cool Climate Oenology and Viticulture Institute (CCOVI) at Brock University in St. Catharines, Ontario, Canada, was established in 1996 and is a partnership with the Wine Council of Ontario (WCO) and the Ontario Grape Growers Marketing Board, now the Grape Growers of Ontario (GGO).	Cool Climate Oenology and Viticulture Institute	Canada
country	The Computer Science High School of Bicolandia is an information and communication technology high school and a university-administered high school located at Pili, Camarines Sur, Philippines.	Computer Science High School of Bicolandia	Philippines
country	Željova (Serbian: Жељова) is a village in the municipality of Banovići, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Željova	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	The Canton of Guichen is a canton of France, in the Ille-et-Vilaine département, located in the southwest of the department.	Canton of Guichen	France
country	Tinakula is a conical stratovolcano which forms an island north of Nendo in Temotu Province, the Solomon Islands.	Tinakula	Solomon Islands
country	Miholjevine (Serbian: Михољевине) is a village in the municipality of Srebrenica, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Miholjevine	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Pridacha Airport (Russian: Аэропорт Придача) (also given as Repnoe, or Voronezh East) (ICAO: UUOD) is an airport in Russia located 5 km east of Voronezh.	Pridacha Airport	Russia
country	Rollag Stave Church (Norwegian: Rollag stavkirke) is a stave church in Rollag, Norway.	Rollag Stave Church	Norway
country	Foussana (Arabic: فوسانة‎) is a town and commune in the Kasserine Governorate, Tunisia.	Foussana	Tunisia
country	Gamalama is a near-conical stratovolcano that comprises the entire Ternate island in Indonesia.	Gamalama	Indonesia
country	The Katwe craters or Katwe-Kikorongo explosion craters is a group of volcanic craters within Queen Elizabeth National Park in Toro, Uganda.	Katwe craters	Uganda
country	Kozji Vrh nad Dravogradom (pronounced (ˈkoːzji ˈʋəɾx nad ˈdɾaːʋɔgɾadɔm)) is a dispersed settlement in the hills northeast of Dravograd in the Carinthia region in northern Slovenia, on the border with Austria.	Kozji Vrh nad Dravogradom	Slovenia
country	The Isuledda (Sardinian for Little Island), also called Isola dei Gabbiani (Italian for Island of Seagulls), is an almost-island in northern Sardinia, Italy, facing the Sardinian channel.	Isola dei Gabbiani	Italy
country	The Castle of Clavijo, one of the most famous in the area of La Rioja, Spain, is located on top of an imposing rock, dominating the surrounding land in the municipality of the same name in La Rioja, 15 km from the capital, Logroño.	Castle of Clavijo	Spain
country	Costoya is a small city in the municipality of Lalin, Pontevedra, Spain.	Costoya	Spain
country	Asia Square (Chinese: 亚洲广场; pinyin: Yà Zhōu Guǎng Chǎng) is a retail and office building located along Marina View at Marina Bay in Singapore.	Asia Square	Singapore
country	Novi Bečej (Serbian Cyrillic: Нови Бечеј), is a town and municipality in Central Banat District of Vojvodina, Serbia.	Novi Bečej	Serbia
country	Owch Darreh (Persian: اوچ دره‎, also Romanized as Ūchdarreh) is a village in Hulasu Rural District, in the Central District of Shahin Dezh County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Owch Darreh	Iran
country	Hotel Tryp Habana Libre is one of the larger hotels in Cuba, situated in Vedado, Havana.	Hotel Tryp Habana Libre	Cuba
country	The United Kingdom local elections, 2013 saw UKIP become the second largest party in Norfolk County Council and the Labour Party third; toppling the Conservative majority for the first time since 1997.	Norfolk County Council	United Kingdom
country	Teide National Park (Spanish: Parque nacional del Teide, pronounced: (ˈpaɾke naθjoˈnal de ˈtei̯.ðe)) is a national park located in Tenerife (Canary Islands, Spain).	Teide National Park	Spain
country	The Gimnasio Moderno is a private all-male traditional and liberal, primary and secondary school located in Bogotá, Colombia.	Gimnasio Moderno	Colombia
country	Ølen Church (Norwegian: Ølen kyrkje) is a parish church in Vindafjord municipality in Rogaland county, Norway.	Ølen Church	Norway
country	Qasr-e Qomsheh (Persian: قصرقمشه‎, also Romanized as Qaşr-e Qomsheh; also known as Kasr-e Gūmīsheh and Qasr-i-Qumisheh) is a village in Derak Rural District, in the Central District of Shiraz County, Fars Province, Iran.	Qasr-e Qomsheh	Iran
country	Chineke (Russian: Чинеке; Yakut: Чинэкэ) is a rural locality (a selo), the only inhabited locality, and the administrative center of Chernyshevsky Rural Okrug of Vilyuysky District in the Sakha Republic, Russia, located 20 kilometers (12 mi) from Vilyuysk, the administrative center of the district.	Chineke	Russia
country	Saltivka or the Saltivka Massyv (Ukrainian: Салтiвка; Russian: Салтовка) is large residential area located in the northeastern region of Kharkiv in eastern Ukraine.	Saltivka	Ukraine
country	Toužim (Czech pronunciation: (ˈtou̯ʒɪm); German: Theusing) is a town in the Czech Republic, upper the river Střela.	Toužim	Czech Republic
country	The Museu Nacional de Belas Artes (MNBA, Portuguese for National Museum of Fine Arts) is a national art museum located in the city of Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.	Museu Nacional de Belas Artes	Brazil
country	Podjelše (pronounced (pɔdˈjeːu̯ʃɛ)) is a small settlement between Mekinje and Godič in the Municipality of Kamnik in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Podjelše	Slovenia
country	Swargate is a central area of Pune, Maharashtra, India.	Swargate	India
country	Platanar is a volcanic centre in the Cordillera Central (Costa Rica).	Platanar	Costa Rica
country	Resolute Bay Airport (IATA: YRB, ICAO: CYRB) is located at Resolute, Nunavut, Canada, and is operated by the government of Nunavut.	Resolute Bay Airport	Canada
country	Carleton-sur-Mer is the fifth largest town of the Gaspésie's south shore, in southeastern Quebec, Canada, located on Route 132, along the Baie des Chaleurs.	Carleton-sur-Mer	Canada
country	The Aldabra Group are part of the Outer Islands of the Seychelles, lying in the southwest of the island nation, 1000 kilometres from the capital, Victoria, on Mahé Island.	Aldabra Group	Seychelles
country	Confederation Heights is an area in south Ottawa, Canada, made up of mostly government buildings.	Confederation Heights	Canada
country	Bruitparif is a non-profit organisation accredited by the région Île-de-France, and the Ministry of Environment to monitor the environmental noise in Île-de-France.	Bruitparif	France
country	Giglio Castello is a village in Tuscany, central Italy, administratively a frazione of the comune of Isola del Giglio, province of Grosseto.	Giglio Castello	Italy
country	The Komadugu Gana River or Misau River is a river in the Chad Basin in northeastern Nigeria that joins the Yobe River at Damasak, in the Mobbar Local Government Area of Borno State.	Komadugu Gana River	Nigeria
country	The Canton of Guillon is a former canton in the Department of Yonne, France.	Canton of Guillon	France
country	The 2015 Buenos Aires ePrix, formally the 2015 FIA Formula E Buenos Aires ePrix was a Formula E motor race held on 10 January 2015 at the Puerto Madero Street Circuit in Puerto Madero, Buenos Aires, Argentina.	2015 Buenos Aires ePrix	Argentina
country	Shah Alam Expressway, SAE, E5 (Abbreviation: KESAS, Malay: Lebuhraya Shah Alam), is part of a comprehensive network of road links in the Klang Valley, Malaysia.	Shah Alam Expressway	Malaysia
country	Nukulaelae is an atoll that is part of the nation of Tuvalu, and has a population (2002 census) of 393.	Nukulaelae	Tuvalu
country	Queen's Quay Terminal is a condominium apartment and shopping mall complex on Queen's Quay in Toronto, Canada.	Queen's Quay Terminal	Canada
country	Blacktown ISP Oval is a AFL and cricket facility located in Rooty Hill, a suburb in Sydney, Australia.	Blacktown ISP Oval	Australia
country	St. Johann in Tirol is a market town in Tyrol, Austria, in the Kitzbühel district.	St. Johann in Tirol	Austria
country	Çaldaş (also, Chaldash) is a village and municipality in the Gadabay Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Çaldaş	Azerbaijan
country	The St. Michael School is a secondary school in Barbados.	The St. Michael School	Barbados
country	The Whitesail Range is a subrange of the Tahtsa Ranges, located north of Whitesail River in northern British Columbia, Canada.	Whitesail Range	Canada
country	Government College of Women are public Junior Women's colleges in Pakistan.	Government College of Women	Pakistan
country	Corbeni is a commune in Argeş County, south central Romania.	Corbeni	Romania
country	Lalabad-e Huti (Persian: لال اباد هوتي‎, also Romanized as Lālābād-e Hūtī; also known as Lālābād) is a village in Nazil Rural District, Nukabad District, Khash County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Lalabad-e Huti	Iran
country	Nogokpo is a small village located in the Ketu South Municipal of the Volta Region of Ghana along the Trans--	Nogokpo	Ghana
country	The Tjeldsund Bridge (Norwegian: Tjeldsundbrua) is a suspension road bridge that crosses the Tjeldsundet strait between the mainland and the island of Hinnøya in Troms county, Norway.	Tjeldsund Bridge	Norway
country	Kathleen Island is a steeply cliffed island that lies within Port Davey, an oceanic inlet, located in the south west region of Tasmania, Australia.	Kathleen Island	Australia
country	Poljavnice (Cyrillic: Пољавнице) is a village in the municipality of Novi Grad, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Poljavnice	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Jazina (Serbian Cyrillic: Јазина) is a village in the municipality of Trebinje, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Jazina	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	White Rock Christian Academy (W.R.C.A.) is a Christian private school in Surrey, British Columbia, Canada with a student population of 310 and a staff population of 21, as well as an ESL School with 12 students and 1 staff member as of September 2006.	White Rock Christian Academy	Canada
country	The Higher Education Authority (HEA) is the authority in Ireland with responsibility for higher education since 1968 and placed on a statutory basis in 1971.	Higher Education Authority	Ireland
country	The Hamilton Police Service (HPS) is the police service of the City of Hamilton, Ontario, Canada.	Hamilton Police Service	Canada
country	Ruotsinsalmi sea fortress is a fortification system in Kotka, Finland.	Ruotsinsalmi sea fortress	Finland
country	Guy Nik (Persian: گوي نيك‎, also Romanized as Gūy Nīk and Gūynak) is a village in Raz Rural District, Raz and Jargalan District, Bojnord County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Guy Nik	Iran
country	Juliusruh is a village on the northern coast of the island of Rügen in northeastern Germany.	Juliusruh	Germany
country	Ławice (waˈvit͡sɛ) (German Hansdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Iława, within Iława County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Ławice	Poland
country	As of 2011 India census, Robertsganj is a Nagar Palika Parishad in district of Sonbhadra, Uttar Pradesh.	Robertsganj	India
country	Loqueffret (Breton: Lokeored) is a commune in the Finistère department of Brittany in north-western France.	Loqueffret	France
country	Voghera (Vogherese dialect of Emilian: Vughera; Latin: Forum Iulii Iriensium) is a town and comune of 39400 people located in Lombardy, Italy, in the province of Pavia.	Voghera	Italy
country	The Battle of Pontvallain was an important battle in the Hundred Years' War between France and England.	Battle of Pontvallain	France
country	The Feldherrnhalle (Field Marshall's Hall) is a monumental loggia on the Odeonsplatz in Munich, Germany.	Feldherrnhalle	Germany
country	Gornji Humac is a village in Croatia on the island of Brač.	Gornji Humac	Croatia
country	The Rupel Formation (abbreviation: RU) is a geologic formation in the subsurface of the Netherlands that consists of Oligocene marine sands and clays.	Rupel Formation	Netherlands
country	Migori County is a county in the former Nyanza Province of southwestern Kenya.	Migori County	Kenya
country	Abbottabad Airport (IATA: AAW, ICAO: OPAB) is an airport located near Abbottabad, a city located in the province of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa in Pakistan.	Abbottabad Airport	Pakistan
country	São Mamede de Infesta, or simply Infesta, is a former civil parish in the municipality of Matosinhos in the Greater Porto area, Portugal.	São Mamede de Infesta	Portugal
country	Mount Bintumani (also known as Loma Mansa) is the highest peak in Sierra Leone and the Loma Mountains, at 1,945 metres (6,381 ft).	Mount Bintumani	Sierra Leone
country	The 1976 Summer Olympics, officially called the Games of the XXI Olympiad (French: Les XXIes olympiques d'été), was an international multi-sport event in Montreal, Quebec, Canada, in 1976; the first Olympic Games hosted by Canada.	1976 Summer Olympics	Canada
country	Abchuiyeh (Persian: اب چوئيه‎, also Romanized as Ābchū’īyeh; also known as Āb Chūbeh and Āb Chuya) is a village in Tudeshk Rural District, Kuhpayeh District, Isfahan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Abchuiyeh	Iran
country	The Liwa Oasis (Arabic: واحة ليوا‎, Wāḥḥat Līwā) is a large oasis area in Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates.	Liwa Oasis	United Arab Emirates
country	Great Andaman is the main archipelago of the Andaman Islands of India.	Great Andaman	India
country	The Sarganserland is a constituency (Wahlkreis) of the canton of St. Gallen, Switzerland, with a population of 36,892 (as of 2008).	Sarganserland	Switzerland
country	Bogusławów (bɔɡuˈswavuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wielgomłyny, within Radomsko County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Bogusławów	Poland
country	Sandferhus Station (Norwegian: Sandferhus holdeplass) was a railway station on the Nordland Line at Værnes in Stjørdal, Norway.	Sandferhus Station	Norway
country	BCWest Air was a small airline based in Abbotsford, British Columbia, Canada.	BCWest Air	Canada
country	Anepuram is a village in the Maripeda mandal in Warangal district, Telangana, India.	Anepuram	India
country	Godhra is widely known in India and internationally for being the starting point of the 2002 Gujarat violence.	Godhra	India
country	Enghave Plads is a central public square of the Vesterbro district in Copenhagen, Denmark.	Enghave Plads	Denmark
country	The Arckaringa Basin is an endorheic basin in Australia.	Arckaringa Basin	Australia
country	The Rufiji River lies entirely within the African nation of Tanzania.	Rufiji River	Tanzania
country	Martinsa-Fadesa, S.A. was one of the main real estate and construction groups of Spain before the crash of the Spanish property bubble.	Martinsa-Fadesa	Spain
country	Circumferential Road 3 is the 3rd Circumferential road in Metro Manila, in the Philippines.	Circumferential Road 3	Philippines
country	Jalan Penyabong or Jalan Haji Ariffin (Johor state route ) is a major road in Johor, Malaysia	Jalan Penyabong	Malaysia
country	The Ossolineum or the National Ossoliński Institute (Polish: Zakład Narodowy im. Ossolińskich, ZNiO) is a non-profit foundation located in Wrocław, Poland since 1947, and subsidized from the state budget.	Ossolineum	Poland
country	Simichaur is a town in Resunga Municipality in Gulmi District in the Lumbini Zone of central Nepal.	Simichaur	Nepal
country	The peak of Mount Hillaby is the highest point on the Eastern Caribbean island of Barbados.	Mount Hillaby	Barbados
country	Lutrowskie (luˈtrɔfskʲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzepice, within Kłobuck County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Lutrowskie	Poland
country	The Diocese of Helsinki (Finnish: Helsingin hiippakunta; Swedish: Helsingfors stift) is a diocese of the Evangelical Lutheran Church of Finland, and the seat of the Bishop of Helsinki.	Diocese of Helsinki	Finland
country	Hnyla Lypa (Ukrainian: Гнила Липа, Polish: Gniła Lipa) is a river in Ukraine.	Hnyla Lypa	Ukraine
country	The Ryugase Group is a geological formation on Sakhalin Island in far eastern Russia whose strata date back to the Late Cretaceous.	Ryugase Group	Russia
country	Kapelski Vrh (pronounced (ˈkaːpɛlski ˈʋəɾx)) is a settlement in the Municipality of Radenci in northeastern Slovenia.	Kapelski Vrh	Slovenia
country	Pigeon House Mountain (Aboriginal: Didthul) is a mountain at an elevation of 720 metres (2,360 ft) AHD on the Budawang Range that is situated within the Morton National Park, located on the South Coast region of New South Wales, Australia.	Pigeon House Mountain	Australia
country	Chojnów Landscape Park (Chojnowski Park Krajobrazowy) is a protected area (Landscape Park) in east-central Poland, established in 1993, covering an area of 67.96553 square kilometres (26.24164 sq mi).	Chojnów Landscape Park	Poland
country	Lgoczanka (lɡɔˈt͡ʂanka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janów, within Częstochowa County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Lgoczanka	Poland
country	Sèvres (French pronunciation: (sɛvʁə)) is a commune in the southwestern suburbs of Paris, France.	Sèvres	France
country	Mikluševci (Rusyn: Миклошевци) is a village in Croatia.	Mikluševci	Croatia
country	Kaunas Mosque or Vytautas the Great Mosque (Lithuanian: Vytauto Didžiojo Mečetė) is one of four remaining mosques in Lithuania.	Kaunas Mosque	Lithuania
country	Risøysundet is a strait between the islands of Andøya and Hinnøya in the Vesterålen archipelago in Norway.	Risøysundet	Norway
country	Lake Waikareiti, also spelt Lake Waikare Iti, is located in Te Urewera National Park in the North Island of New Zealand.	Lake Waikareiti	New Zealand
country	Kavos (Greek: Κάβος) is a seaside village on the island of Corfu in Greece, in the municipal district and the municipality of Lefkimmi.	Kavos	Greece
country	Qassab Kola (Persian: قصاب كلا‎, also Romanized as Qaşşāb Kolā) is a village in Karipey Rural District, Lalehabad District, Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Qassab Kola	Iran
country	Omladinski Stadium (Serbian Cyrillic: Омладински стадион) is a multi-purpose stadium in Belgrade, Serbia.	Omladinski Stadium	Serbia
country	Asmild Abbey was a house of Augustinian nuns with a close connection to the Augustinian canons at Viborg Cathedral in north central Jutland, Denmark.	Asmild Abbey	Denmark
country	La Flèche Wallonne (pronounced: (la flɛʃ walɔn), French for ``The Walloon Arrow'') is a major men's professional cycle road race held in April each year in Wallonia, Belgium.	La Flèche Wallonne	Belgium
country	Bohomandji is a village in the Lobaye region in the Central African Republic southwest of the capital, Bangui and near the border with the Democratic Republic of the Congo.	Bohomandji	Central African Republic
country	Międzyłęż (mjɛnˈd͡zɨwɛ̃ʂ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pelplin, within Tczew County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Międzyłęż	Poland
country	Palas de Rei is a town in the province of Lugo, Galicia in northwestern Spain.	Palas de Rei	Spain
country	Frederiksværk is a town with a population of 12,076 (1 January 2015) in Halsnæs Municipality on Zealand in Region Hovedstaden in Denmark.	Frederiksværk	Denmark
country	The South Swedish highlands (Swedish: Sydsvenska höglandet) is a hilly area covering large parts of Götaland in the southern parts of Sweden.	South Swedish highlands	Sweden
country	Łbowo (ˈwbɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czerwińsk nad Wisłą, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Łbowo	Poland
country	Sørlandssenteret is among the largest shopping centres in Norway and Northern Europe.	Sørlandssenteret	Norway
country	Gonderange (Luxembourgish: Gonnereng, German: Gonderingen) is a town in the commune of Junglinster, in central Luxembourg.	Gonderange	Luxembourg
country	Zali Breg (pronounced (ˈzaːli ˈbɾeːk)) is a small dispersed settlement northeast of Dobrovo in the Municipality of Brda in the Littoral region of Slovenia.	Zali Breg	Slovenia
country	Umm al Ahrar or Umm al Aḩrār (Arabic: أم الأحرار‎) is a Saharan desert oasis town in the Fezzan region of southwest Libya.	Umm al Ahrar	Libya
country	The Indus Basin Project is a water control project that resulted from a treaty, Indus Waters Treaty, signed between India and Pakistan in 1960 that guaranteed that Pakistan would receive water from the Indus River independent from upstream control by India.	Indus Basin Project	Pakistan
country	Qaqan (Persian: قاقان‎, also Romanized as Qāqān; also known as Borj Qāqān) is a village in Kuhsar Rural District, in the Central District of Shazand County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Qaqan	Iran
country	Lozova Raion (Ukrainian: Лозівський район) is a raion in Kharkiv Oblast in eastern Ukraine.	Lozova Raion	Ukraine
country	The Institute of Public Accountants (IPA) is one of the three legally recognised professional bodies for accountants in Australia.	Institute of Public Accountants	Australia
country	Fugloyarfjørður is the firth separating Svínoy from Fugloy in the Faroe Islands.	Fugloyarfjørður	Faroe Islands
country	The China National Space Administration (CNSA) is the national space agency of the People's Republic of China.	China National Space Administration	People's Republic of China
country	The Stockholm metro (Swedish: Stockholms tunnelbana, literally: Stockholm's Tunnel Rail) is a metro system in Stockholm, Sweden.	Stockholm metro	Sweden
country	Madiya is a small village situated in the Pool Department (South Region) in the Republic of the Congo.	Madiya	Republic of the Congo
country	Yablanitsa Municipality (Bulgarian: Община Ябланица) is a small municipality (obshtina) in Lovech Province, Central-North Bulgaria, located in the area of the so-called Fore-Balkan, north of Stara Planina mountain.	Yablanitsa Municipality	Bulgaria
country	Ostrowitko (ɔstrɔˈvitkɔ) (German: Kleinosterwerder) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipno, within Lipno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Ostrowitko	Poland
country	Gabriela Mistral University (Spanish: Universidad Gabriela Mistral) is a privately funded university in Santiago, Chile.	Gabriela Mistral University	Chile
country	The Partido State University is a state university in Partido Area at the province of Camarines Sur, Philippines.	Partido State University	Philippines
country	Kagiso is a township situated in the Krugersdorp area west of Johannesburg in Gauteng Province, South Africa.	Kagiso	South Africa
country	J-Popcon is the oldest and largest convention in Denmark with focus on anime, manga, cosplay and other aspects of the Japanese popular culture.	J-Popcon	Denmark
country	Kani Zard (Persian: كاني زرد‎, also Romanized as Kānī Zard) is a village in Baryaji Rural District, in the Central District of Sardasht County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Kani Zard	Iran
country	Huntly College is a state-owned school located in the Waikato, New Zealand town of Huntly.	Huntly College	New Zealand
country	Crib Goch is one of the wettest spots in the United Kingdom, with an average of 4,473 millimetres (176.1 in) rainfall a year over the past 30 years.	Crib Goch	United Kingdom
country	Krasnovishersk (Russian: Краснови́шерск) is a town and the administrative center of Krasnovishersky District in Perm Krai, Russia, located on the western slopes of the Northern Urals, 315 kilometers (196 mi) north of Perm, the administrative center of the krai.	Krasnovishersk	Russia
country	Putatan is a town and a suburb of Kota Kinabalu in the state of Sabah, East Malaysia.	Putatan	Malaysia
country	The Albert Park tunnels are found largely beneath Albert Park, in central Auckland, New Zealand.	Albert Park tunnels	New Zealand
country	Cuneo (Italian: (ˈkuːneo) listen ; Piemontese: Coni; French: Coni (kɔni)) is a city and comune in Piedmont, Northern Italy, the capital of the province of Cuneo, the third largest of Italy's provinces by area.	Cuneo	Italy
country	Trutch Island is an island on the North Coast of British Columbia, Canada.	Trutch Island	Canada
country	The Tartagal River is a river in the north of the province of Salta, Argentina.	Tartagal River	Argentina
country	Betyuntsy (Russian: Бетюнцы) is a rural locality (a selo) and the administrative center of Betyunsky Rural Okrug of Amginsky District in the Sakha Republic, Russia, located 9 kilometers (5.6 mi) from Amga, the administrative center of the district.	Betyuntsy	Russia
country	Sånga Church (Swedish: Sånga kyrka) is a medieval Lutheran church on Färingsö island, close to Svartsjö Palace in the Diocese of Stockholm in Stockholm County, Sweden.	Sånga Church	Sweden
country	Daş Salahlı (also, Aschurly, Dash Salagdi, and Dash-Salakhly) is a village and the most populous municipality in the Qazakh Rayon of Azerbaijan, except for the capital Qazax.	Daş Salahlı	Azerbaijan
country	Vincarje (pronounced (ˈʋiːntsaɾjɛ)) is a settlement in the Municipality of Škofja Loka in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Vincarje	Slovenia
country	The Serra de Crevillent (Valencian pronunciation: (ˈsɛra ðe kɾeviˈʎent), Spanish: Sierra de Crevillente) is a mountain range in the Baetic System, southern Spain.	Serra de Crevillent	Spain
country	Jalan Lencongan Barat or Sungai Petani Western Bypass, Federal Route 257, is a major highway bypass in Sungai Petani, Kedah, Malaysia.	Jalan Lencongan Barat	Malaysia
country	Okinawa Athletic Stadium (沖縄県総合運動公園陸上競技場) is a multi-purpose stadium in Okinawa, Okinawa, Japan.	Okinawa Athletic Stadium	Japan
country	Örskär was one of the first lightstations to be built in Sweden.	Örskär	Sweden
country	The Sartang River (Russian: Сартанг) is a river in the Republic of Sakha in Russia.	Sartang River	Russia
country	Kasese is a town in the Western Region of Uganda, lying north of Lake George.	Kasese	Uganda
country	The Tahumming River is a river in the Pacific Ranges of the Coast Mountains in British Columbia, Canada, flowing southeast into Toba Inlet near that inlet's head.	Tahumming River	Canada
country	Qarah Aqaj-e Pain (Persian: قره اقاج پائين‎, also Romanized as Qarah Āqāj-e Pā’īn and Qarah Āghāj-e Pā’īn) is a village in Atrak Rural District, Maneh District, Maneh and Samalqan County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Qarah Aqaj-e Pain	Iran
country	Sagres Point (Ponta de Sagres, Portuguese pronunciation: (ˈsaɣɾɨʃ), from the Latin Promontorium Sacrum ``Holy Promontory'') is a windswept shelf-like promontory located in the southwest Algarve region of southern Portugal.	Sagres Point	Portugal
country	Pevno (pronounced (ˈpeːu̯nɔ); in older sources also Peven, German: Pewen) is a small village in the Municipality of Škofja Loka in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Pevno	Slovenia
country	The Six Dravidians were six Tamil Chiefs apparently from the Pandyan Dynasty who ruled the Anuradhapura Kingdom from 436 to 452.	The Six Dravidians	Anuradhapura Kingdom
country	The Marina Bay Financial Centre (abbreviation: MBFC; Chinese: 滨海湾金融中心; pinyin: Bīnhǎiwān Jīnróng Zhōngxīn) is a mixed-use development located along Marina Boulevard and Central Boulevard at Marina Bay, Singapore.	Marina Bay Financial Centre	Singapore
country	Neve Ilan (Hebrew: נְוֵה אִילָן, lit. Oasis of Ilan) is a moshav shitufi in central Israel.	Neve Ilan	Israel
country	Meiningen is a town in the southern part of the state of Thuringia, Germany.	Meiningen	Germany
country	Covaci Solar Park, which will be one of the world's largest thin-film photovoltaic (PV) power systems, is being built on a 60-hectare (148-acre) plot of land to the north of Timişoara in Romania.	Covaci Solar Park	Romania
country	The Västra Nöbbelöv Runestone, listed as DR 278 in the Rundata catalog, is a Viking Age memorial runestone located in Västra Nöbbelöv, which is about 3 kilometers east of Skivarp, Skåne County, Sweden, and was in the historic province of Scania.	Västra Nöbbelöv Runestone	Sweden
country	Rototuna Wind Farm is a proposed wind farm in the Rototuna Forest in Northland, New Zealand.	Rototuna Wind Farm	New Zealand
country	Mount Olive Cathedral is a Christian Methodist Episcopal cathedral in Memphis, Tennessee, United States of America.	Mount Olive Cathedral	United States of America
country	Omsukchan is an urban locality (an urban-type settlement) and the administrative center of Omsukchansky District of Magadan Oblast, Russia, located 576 kilometers (358 mi) north of Magadan.	Omsukchan	Russia
country	Birabad (Persian: بيراباد‎, also Romanized as Bīrābād) is a village in Nakhlestan Rural District, in the Central District of Kahnuj County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Birabad	Iran
country	The Depression of Ronda (Spanish: Depresión de Ronda; also Hoya de Ronda and occasionally Vega de Ronda) is a sedimentary basin in the form of a plateau located within the Cordillera Penibética, in the autonomous community of Andalusia, Spain.	Depression of Ronda	Spain
country	The Melbourne School of Engineering at the University of Melbourne is the oldest engineering faculty in Australia.	Melbourne School of Engineering	Australia
country	Sérent (Breton: Serent) is a commune in the Morbihan department of Brittany in north-western France.	Sérent	France
country	Perniki (pronounced (pɛɾˈniːki)) is a small settlement on the Mežakla Plateau in the Municipality of Gorje in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Perniki	Slovenia
country	Croissant Club de Sig, known as CC Sig for short, is an Algerian football club located in Sig, Algeria, Algeria.	CC Sig	Algeria
country	Desenzano del Garda is a town and comune in the province of Brescia, in Lombardy, Italy, on the southwestern shore of Lake Garda.	Desenzano del Garda	Italy
country	Askio (Greek: Άσκιο) is a mountain range in the northwestern part of the Kozani and the eastern part of the Kastoria regional units in northern Greece.	Askio	Greece
country	Sośno (ˈsɔɕnɔ) is a village in Sępólno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Sośno	Poland
country	Heartland Mall (Chinese: 心邻坊) is a shopping mall in Singapore.	Heartland Mall	Singapore
country	Sar Zanguleh (Persian: سرزنگوله‎‎, also Romanized as Sar Zangūleh; also known as Zangūleh) is a village in Koregah-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Sar Zanguleh	Iran
country	Lumbier (Irunberri in Basque language) is a village in Spain and a municipality of the Chartered Community of Navarre ( Comunidad Foral de Navarra), in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, in the north of Spain, 38 km from the capital of the community Pamplona.	Lumbier	Spain
country	Pabbi railway station (Urdu: پببی ریلوے اسٹیشن ‎) is located in Pabbi village, Nowshera district of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of the Pakistan.	Pabbi railway station	Pakistan
country	Loncoche (Mapudungun: head of an important person) is a city and commune in the Araucanía Region, southern Chile.	Loncoche	Chile
country	Chiren (Bulgarian: Чирен) is a village located in northwestern Bulgaria.	Chiren	Bulgaria
country	Bo Sang (Thai: บ่อสร้าง) is a village in San Kamphaeng district in the outskirts of Chiang Mai in northern Thailand.	Bo Sang	Thailand
country	The Group Bravery Citation is a bronze gilt sprig of wattle, Australia's floral emblem, positioned in the centre of a silver rectangle.	Group Bravery Citation	Australia
country	Bafruiyeh Rural District (Persian: دهستان بفروئيه‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Meybod County, Yazd Province, Iran.	Bafruiyeh Rural District	Iran
country	Vianden Castle (French: Château de Vianden, German: Burg Vianden Luxembourgish: Buerg Veianen), located in Vianden in the north of Luxembourg, is one of the largest fortified castles west of the Rhine.	Vianden Castle	Luxembourg
country	Bużka (ˈbuʂka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sarnaki, within Łosice County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Bużka	Poland
country	Malmö Synagogue (Swedish: Malmö synagoga) is the only synagogue in Malmö, Sweden.	Malmö Synagogue	Sweden
country	Qurqurak (Persian: قورقورك‎, also Romanized as Qūrqūrak and Qorqūrīk) is a village in Zahray-ye Pain Rural District, in the Central District of Buin Zahra County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Qurqurak	Iran
country	The Tagewaldhorn (Italian: Corno di Tramin; German: Tagewaldhorn) is a mountain in the Sarntal Alps in South Tyrol, Italy.	Tagewaldhorn	Italy
country	Gerogery was at the eastern-most extent of nineteenth-century German immigration up the Murray River from South Australia.	Gerogery	Australia
country	Mónosbél is a municipality (Hungarian: község) in Heves county, Hungary.	Mónosbél	Hungary
country	Chehel Hesar (Persian: چهل حصار‎, also Romanized as Chehel Ḩeşār) is a village in Rezqabad Rural District, in the Central District of Esfarayen County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Chehel Hesar	Iran
country	Chhora is a census town under Andal police station of Durgapur subdivision in Barddhaman district in the state of West Bengal, India.	Chhora	India
country	The Spa of Nuestra Señora de la Palma y del Real (Spanish: Balneario de Nuestra Señora de la Palma y del Real) is a spa located in Cádiz, Spain.	Spa of Nuestra Señora de la Palma y del Real	Spain
country	Eyn Savleh (Persian: عين صوله‎, also Romanized as ``Eyn Şavleh and ``Eyn oş Şūleh) is a village in Dasht-e Abbas Rural District, Musian District, Dehloran County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 361, in 67 families.	Eyn Savleh	Iran
country	Lagkadikia (Greek: Λαγκαδίκια) is a village located in the regional unit of Thessaloniki, in Greece, north-east of Mount Chortiatis.	Lagkadikia	Greece
country	Gujarat Solar Park is the name used for a group of solar parks being constructed in Gujarat, India.	Gujarat Solar Park	India
country	Thirunakkara is the name of an area of Kottayam town in Kerala, India.	Thirunakkara	India
country	Mudl (Persian: مودل‎, also Romanized as Mūdl) is a village in Zalaqi-ye Gharbi Rural District, Besharat District, Aligudarz County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Mudl	Iran
country	Iglesia de San Andrés (Bedriñana) is a church in the parish of Bedriñana, Asturias, Spain.	Iglesia de San Andrés (Bedriñana)	Spain
country	Byglandsfjord Station in the village of Byglandsfjord, Norway, was the terminus station for Setesdalsbanen that trafficked the stretch (Kristiansand-) Grovane - Byglandsfjord until the track was closed in 1962.	Byglandsfjord Station	Norway
country	Lebanese Olympic Committee (IOC code: LIB) is the National Olympic Committee representing Lebanon.	Lebanese Olympic Committee	Lebanon
country	Casinum was an ancient town of Italy, probably of Volscian origin.	Casinum	Italy
country	Ramsau am Dachstein is a municipality in the district of Liezen, state of Styria, Austria.	Ramsau am Dachstein	Austria
country	Montertelot (Breton: Mousterdelav) is a commune in the Morbihan department in Brittany in north-western France.	Montertelot	France
country	Bückeburg is a town in Lower Saxony, Germany, on the border with North Rhine Westphalia.	Bückeburg	Germany
country	The Amundsen-Nobile Climate Change Tower (CCT) is a 34-meter research tower installed in Ny-Ålesund, Svalbard, Norway, for the study of various physical parameters in the boundary layer of the lower troposphere.	Amundsen-Nobile Climate Change Tower	Norway
country	The Mahardah Dam, also spelled Mhardeh Dam, is an embankment dam on the Orontes River in the city of Mahardah, Hama Governorate, Syria.	Mahardah Dam	Syria
country	The Poronay River (Russian: Поронай) is the longest river on the island of Sakhalin in Russia.	Poronay River	Russia
country	The Italian Chemical Society (Italian: Società Chimica Italiana) is the national association in Italy representing the chemical sciences.	Italian Chemical Society	Italy
country	Tour du Limousin is a 4-day road bicycle race held annually in Limousin, France.	Tour du Limousin	France
country	The University of Szczecin (Polish: Uniwersytet Szczeciński) is a public university in Szczecin, western Poland.	University of Szczecin	Poland
country	Manapad is a coastal village in far south India, 60 kilometres (37 mi) from Tuticorin and 18 km (11 mi) south of Tiruchendur.	Manapad	India
country	The County of Auburn is a county (a cadastral division) in the Darling Downs region of Queensland, Australia.	County of Auburn	Australia
country	Stadionul CPSM since 2002, is the technical center of national football association of Moldova.	Stadionul CPSM	Moldova
country	Remada (Tunisian Arabic: رمادة‎) is a town in Tunisia, close to the border with Libya.	Remada	Tunisia
country	Ariha District (Arabic: منطقة أريحا‎, translit. manṭiqat Arīh̨ā) is a district of the Idlib Governorate in northwestern Syria.	Ariha District	Syria
country	Övertorneå Municipality (Swedish: Övertorneå kommun, Meänkieli: Matarengi, Finnish: Ylitornion kunta; sometimes also referred to as Matarengin kunta by northern Finnish press to avoid confusion with the similarly named Finnish municipality Ylitornio) is a municipality in Norrbotten County in northern Sweden, bordering Finland.	Övertorneå Municipality	Sweden
country	Mount Lichada and Cape Lichada (Λιχάδα) is a mountain and cape forming the northwest tip of the island of Euboea, Greece.	Mount Lichada	Greece
country	The Brașov Olympic Ice Rink (Romanian: Patinoarul Olimpic Brașov) is a multi-purpose ice rink in Brașov, Romania.	Brașov Olympic Ice Rink	Romania
country	The Lower Chenab Canal is a canal in Pakistan.	Lower Chenab Canal	Pakistan
country	The mission of the Canadian Red Cross is to improve the lives of vulnerable people by mobilizing the power of humanity in Canada and around the world.	Canadian Red Cross	Canada
country	Mu Se District (Burmese: မူစယ်ခရိုင်) is a district of the Shan State in Burma (Myanmar).	Mu Se District	Myanmar
country	Rjavče (pronounced (ˈɾjaːu̯tʃɛ); Italian: Eriacci) is a small village in the hills northwest of Ilirska Bistrica in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.	Rjavče	Slovenia
country	Brummana (Arabic: برمانا‎) is a town in the Matn District of the Mount Lebanon Governorate in Lebanon.	Brummana	Lebanon
country	Vrhpolje pri Kamniku (pronounced (ˈʋəɾxpɔljɛ pɾi ˈkaːmniku); German: Oberfeld) is a settlement in the Municipality of Kamnik in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Vrhpolje pri Kamniku	Slovenia
country	Beginning in 2010, Bobs & LoLo music videos have aired regularly on Treehouse TV across Canada and Disney Junior (formerly Playhouse Disney) across the U.S.	Bobs & LoLo	Canada
country	At-Tafilah (Arabic: الطفيلة‎), also spelled Tafila, is a town with a population of 39,000 people in southern Jordan, located 183 kilometers (114 mi) southwest of Amman.	Tafilah	Jordan
country	Firozpur, also known as Ferozepur, is a city on the banks of the Sutlej River in Firozpur District, Punjab, India.	Firozpur	India
country	Boubanzegue is a village in the Lobaye region in the Central African Republic southwest of the capital, Bangui.	Boubanzegue	Central African Republic
country	Oral Ak Zhol Airport (formerly known as Uralsk Ak Zhol and Podstepnyy during the Soviet era) (IATA: URA, ICAO: UARR) is an airport in Kazakhstan located 12 km (7 mi) southeast of Oral (Uralsk).	Oral Ak Zhol Airport	Kazakhstan
country	Dolné Zahorany (earlier Maďarské Záhorany; Hungarian: Hegymeg, earlier Magyarhegymeg) is a village and municipality in the Rimavská Sobota District of the Banská Bystrica Region of Slovakia.	Dolné Zahorany	Slovakia
country	Hohburg is a former municipality in the Leipzig district in Saxony, Germany.	Hohburg	Germany
country	Santa Pau is a village and municipality in the province of Girona and autonomous community of Catalonia, Spain.	Santa Pau	Spain
country	Al-Raji is a location in Saudi Arabia near al-Najdiyya.	Al-Raji	Saudi Arabia
country	Pyhäsalmi Mine, the second deepest metal mine in Europe (having depth of 1,444 metres or 4,738 feet) is located at the Pyhäjärvi municipality in the south of Oulu province, Finland.	Pyhäsalmi Mine	Finland
country	Pusar (Persian: پوسار‎, also Romanized as Pūsār; also known as Posa) is a village in Irandegan Rural District, Irandegan District, Khash County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Pusar	Iran
country	Reducz (ˈrɛdut͡ʂ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łęki Szlacheckie, within Piotrków County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Reducz	Poland
country	The Mariina skála, (German: Marienfels) is a 428 m rocky hill in the Czech Republic, located in the region of Bohemian Switzerland not far from Jetřichovice (Dittersbach).	Mariina skála	Czech Republic
country	Assumption Island is a small island located at 9°45′S 46°29′E in the Indian Ocean north of Madagascar and is part of the country of the Seychelles that have been leased to India.	Assumption Island	Seychelles
country	Brezovica pri Gradinu (pronounced (ˈbɾeːzɔʋitsa pɾi ɡɾaˈdiːnu); Italian: Bresovizza) is a small settlement in the City Municipality of Koper in the Littoral region of Slovenia close to the Croatian border.	Brezovica pri Gradinu	Slovenia
country	Fuengirola (/fʊˌɛnhiˈrɒlə/ fuu-EN-hee-ROL-ə; Spanish: (fweŋxiˈɾola)), in ancient times known as Suel and then Suhayl, is a large town and municipality on the Costa del Sol in the province of Málaga in the autonomous community of Andalusia in southern Spain.	Fuengirola	Spain
country	Assiniboine Valley Railway (AVR) is a private 1:7.5 (1.6`` to the foot) scale ridable miniature railway located in the community of Charleswood near Assiniboine Park in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada.	Assiniboine Valley Railway	Canada
country	Zagrič (pronounced (zaˈgɾiːtʃ); formerly Lačni Vrh or Lačenberg, German: Latschenberg) is a small dispersed settlement in the hills northwest of Čatež in the historical region of Lower Carniola in Slovenia.	Zagrič	Slovenia
country	Ulcinj Airport (Albanian: Aeroporti Ulqini, Serbian: Aerodrom Ulcinj, Cyrillic: Аеродром Улцињ) was an airport in the Ulcinj Municipality in Montenegro.	Ulcinj Airport	Montenegro
country	The Route nationale 3 is a trunk road (nationale) in France connecting Paris to the frontier of Germany.	Route nationale 3	France
country	Ucheran (Persian: اوچران‎, also Romanized as ``Ūcherān) is a village in Maraveh Tappeh Rural District, in the Central District of Maraveh Tappeh County, Golestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 234, in 47 families.	Ucheran	Iran
country	The Landes forest (La forêt des Landes in French) or the Landes of Gascony (las Lanas de Gasconha in the Gascon language), in the historic Gascony natural region of southwestern France now known as Aquitaine, is the largest maritime-pine forest in Europe.	Landes forest	France
country	Xallanlı (also, Khailanly, Khallanly, and Khanlanly) is a village in the Kalbajar Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Xallanlı	Azerbaijan
country	Asoda is a village in Jalgaon District, Maharashtra state in western India, which itself is located on the northern Deccan Plateau.	Asoda	India
country	The Dieringhausen Railway Museum (Eisenbahnmuseum Dieringhausen) is a railway history museum in Dieringhausen in the district of Oberbergischer Kreis in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.	Dieringhausen Railway Museum	Germany
country	Triewaldsgränd is an alley in Gamla stan, the old town in central Stockholm, Sweden.	Triewaldsgränd	Sweden
country	Kipalapala is a community in Tanzania close to Tabora.	Kipalapala	Tanzania
country	Dwikozy (dviˈkɔzɨ) is a village in Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Dwikozy	Poland
country	Derawal Nagar (Saraiki, Urdu: ڈیریوال نگر, Hindi: डेरावाल नगर) is a colony in Delhi, India in which people of the Derawal ethnic group reside.	Derawal Nagar	India
country	Sonta (Serbian Cyrillic: Сонта) is a village located in the Apatin municipality, in the West Bačka District of Serbia.	Sonta	Serbia
country	Amyntaio (Greek: Αμύνταιο) is a town and municipality in the Florina regional unit of Macedonia, Greece.	Amyntaio	Greece
country	Ağva, aka Yeşilçay, is a populated place and resort destination in the Şile district of İstanbul Province, Turkey.	Ağva	Turkey
country	Punrasar Balaji is a holy site dedicated to the Hindu deity Hanuman in Rajasthan, India.	Punrasar Balaji	India
country	Coal in India was first discovered around Sitarampur.	Sitarampur	India
country	Skepptuna Church (Swedish: Skepptuna kyrka) is a medieval Lutheran church in the Archdiocese of Uppsala in Stockholm County, Sweden.	Skepptuna Church	Sweden
country	Rasskazovo (Russian: Расска́зово) is a town in Tambov Oblast, Russia, located on the Lesnoy Tambov River (Tsna's tributary) at its confluence with the Arzhenka River 40 kilometers (25 mi) east of Tambov.	Rasskazovo	Russia
country	Kozub (ˈkɔzup) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lututów, within Wieruszów County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Kozub	Poland
country	Sportpark Oberwerth is a sports complex in Koblenz, Germany.	Sportpark Oberwerth	Germany
country	Les Éditions de Minuit was founded by writer and illustrator Jean Bruller and writer Pierre de Lescure (1891--1963) in 1941 in Paris, during the German occupation of northern France (by November 1942, German forces occupied all of France).	Les Éditions de Minuit	France
country	Subic Bay is a bay on the west coast of the island of Luzon in the Philippines, about 100 kilometres (62 mi) northwest of Manila Bay.	Subic Bay	Philippines
country	The Região das Hortênsias, in English ``Hydrangea Flower Region'', is a tourist destination in the Serra Gaúcha region of the state of Rio Grande do Sul, Brazil.	Região das Hortênsias	Brazil
country	Pinki Hall (Serbian Cyrillic: Хала Пинки) is an indoor multi-sports venue located in Belgrade's municipality of Zemun, Serbia.	Pinki Hall	Serbia
country	Rəncbərlər (also, Randzhbarlar and Randzhbarlyar) is a village and municipality in the Aghjabadi Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Rəncbərlər	Azerbaijan
country	Sterlibashevo (Russian: Стерлибашево) is a rural locality (a selo) and the administrative center of Sterlibashevsky District in the Republic of Bashkortostan, Russia.	Sterlibashevo	Russia
country	Babylon Fortress (Coptic: ⲃⲁⲃⲓⲗⲱⲛ, ⲡⲁⲃⲓⲗⲱⲛ) was an ancient fortress city or castle in the Delta of Egypt, located at Babylon in the area today known as Coptic Cairo.	Babylon Fortress	Egypt
country	Quetico Provincial Park is a large wilderness park in Northwestern Ontario, Canada, renowned for its excellent canoeing and fishing.	Quetico Provincial Park	Canada
country	Podgorje pod Čerinom (pronounced (pɔdˈɡoːɾjɛ pɔt tʃɛˈɾiːnɔm)) is a settlement in the Municipality of Vojnik in eastern Slovenia.	Podgorje pod Čerinom	Slovenia
country	Cadbury Sixth Form College is a sixth form college in Kings Norton, Birmingham, United Kingdom.	Cadbury Sixth Form College	United Kingdom
country	The Rock carvings at Møllerstufossen in Nord-Sinni in Nordre Land municipality in Oppland county of Norway comprise several carvings of moose and one other animal.	Rock carvings at Møllerstufossen	Norway
country	Birinci Udullu (also, Tava, Udula, Uduli, Uduli Pervyye, Udullu Pervoye, Udulu, and Uduly) is a village and municipality in the Hajigabul District of Azerbaijan.	Birinci Udullu	Azerbaijan
country	Körfez railway station is located in Atalar Mh, in the Körfez district of Kocaeli Province in Turkey.	Körfez railway station	Turkey
country	Alexandrina Council is a local government area in the Fleurieu and Kangaroo Island region of South Australia.	Alexandrina Council	Australia
country	Warrnambool Institute of Advanced Education was a college of advanced education in Warrnambool, Victoria, Australia.	Warrnambool Institute of Advanced Education	Australia
country	Mount Samsari (Georgian: სამსარი) is a peak of the Abul-Samsari Range in Southern Georgia.	Mount Samsari	Georgia
country	Greifensee Castle (German: Schloss Greifensee) is a castle in the municipality of Greifensee and the canton of Zurich in Switzerland.	Greifensee Castle	Switzerland
country	Heletz (Hebrew: חֶלֶץ) is a moshav in southern Israel.	Heletz	Israel
country	Arab al-Aramshe (Arabic: عرب العرامشة‎, Hebrew: עַרַבּ אל-עַרָמִשָׁה), officially Aramsha (Hebrew: עַרָמִשָׁה, עראמשה), is a Bedouin village in the Western Galilee in Israel.	Arab al-Aramshe	Israel
country	Čezsoča (pronounced (tʃɛˈsoːtʃa); Italian: Oltresonzia) is a settlement in the Municipality of Bovec in the Littoral region of Slovenia.	Čezsoča	Slovenia
country	Mount Gimie is the tallest mountain on the island of Saint Lucia.	Mount Gimie	Saint Lucia
country	Karamoullides (Greek: Καραμουλλήδες, Turkish: Kervanyolu) is a village in the Paphos District of Cyprus, located 4 km (2.5 mi) south of Polis.	Karamoullides	Cyprus
country	Thuli Parks and Wildlife Land is a protected area in south-western Zimbabwe.	Thuli Parks and Wildlife Land	Zimbabwe
country	Fourvière is a district of Lyon, France and also a hill immediately west of the old part of the town, rising abruptly from the river Saône and then gently sloping down to the north-west.	Fourvière	France
country	The Nizamat Imambara is a Shia Muslim congregation hall in Murshidabad, India.	Nizamat Imambara	India
country	Riverstage is an outdoor entertainment venue in Brisbane, Australia.	Riverstage	Australia
country	The Bazhang River, also spelled Pachang River, (Chinese: 八掌溪; pinyin: Bāzhǎng Xī; Wade--Giles: Pa1-chang3 Hsi1) is a river in Taiwan.	Bazhang River	Taiwan
country	Mazraeh-ye Karmshah Karmi (Persian: مزرعه كرمشاه كرمي‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Karmshāh Karmī) is a village in Rostaq Rural District, Rostaq District, Darab County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 29, in 6 families.	Mazraeh-ye Karmshah Karmi	Iran
country	The Windsor Sculpture Park, formerly known as the Odette Sculpture Park, is an open space in Windsor, Ontario, Canada, that shows 31 large-scale contemporary sculptures by world-renowned artists including Elisabeth Frink.	Windsor Sculpture Park	Canada
country	Lake Iijärvi (Suomussalmi) is a rather small lake of northern Finland.	Lake Iijärvi (Suomussalmi)	Finland
country	Üröm is a village in Pest county, Hungary.	Üröm	Hungary
country	Robotno (rɔˈbɔtnɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zbiczno, within Brodnica County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Robotno	Poland
country	Fisterra (Galician pronunciation: (fisˈtɛra), Spanish: Finisterre) is a municipality in the province of A Coruña, in the autonomous community of Galicia, Spain.	Fisterra	Spain
country	Krzeczyn (ˈkʂɛt͡ʂɨn) (German: Kritschen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Oleśnica, within Oleśnica County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Krzeczyn	Poland
country	Tirón River is a river in central-northern Spain in the provinces La Rioja, Burgos and Castile and León.	Tirón River	Spain
country	The Kattang Nature Reserve is a protected nature reserve that is located in the Mid North Coast region of New South Wales, on the eastern coast of Australia.	Kattang Nature Reserve	Australia
country	Howrik (Persian: حوريك‎, also Romanized as Howrīk and Hūrīk) is a village in Hotkan Rural District, in the Central District of Zarand County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Howrik	Iran
country	Bhasha Shaheed Abdus Salam Stadium (Bengali: ভাষা শহীদ আব্দুস সালাম স্টেডিয়াম) also known as Shaheed Salam Stadium is a football stadium in Feni, Bangladesh.	Shaheed Salam Stadium	Bangladesh
country	Güiria is the capital city of the Valdez Municipality, state of Sucre, Venezuela.	Güiria	Venezuela
country	Danish Architecture Centre (Danish: Dansk Arkitektur Center), DAC, is a communication and development centre for architecture in Copenhagen, Denmark.	Danish Architecture Centre	Denmark
country	Monte Consolino is a mountain in the Serre Calabresi range, in the Vallata dello Stilaro of south-western Calabria, in southern Italy.	Monte Consolino	Italy
country	Barrandov is a neighbourhood in south-west Prague, Czech Republic, located in the cadastral district of Hlubočepy, in Prague 5.	Barrandov	Czech Republic
country	Svartifoss (Black Fall) is a waterfall in Skaftafell in Vatnajökull National Park in Iceland, and is one of the most popular sights in the park.	Svartifoss	Iceland
country	Sillas River is a non-existent river believed by Megasthenes (c. 350 BCE-290 BCE) (a Greek traveller and geographer who visited India during the third century BCE) to be flowing in India.	Sillas River	India
country	The Anglo Arabic Senior Secondary School, commonly known as Anglo Arabic School, is a co-educational government aided school in New Delhi, India.	Anglo Arabic Senior Secondary School	India
country	Waverley College is affiliated with the Headmasters' and Headmistresses' Conference,(6) the Association of Heads of Independent Schools of Australia (AHISA),(7) the Junior School Heads Association of Australia (JSHAA),(8) the Australian Boarding Schools' Association (ABSA),(3) and is a founding member of the Combined Associated Schools (CAS).	Waverley College	Australia
country	Damhus Lake (Danish: Damhussøen or Damhus Sø) is a lake located just north of Roskildevej, between Rødovre and Vanløse, in western Copenhagen, Denmark.	Damhus Lake	Denmark
country	The Lynd River is a river located on the Cape York Peninsula in Far North Queensland, Australia.	Lynd River	Australia
country	The SUNTECH Tower (Suntech @ Penang Cybercity) is a business tower in Penang, Malaysia.	SUNTECH Tower	Malaysia
country	The Shire of Kilmore was a local government area about 60 kilometres (37 mi) north of Melbourne, the state capital of Victoria, Australia.	Shire of Kilmore	Australia
country	Abu Zenima (Arabic: أبو زنيمة‎) is a coastal city in South Sinai Governorate, Egypt.	Abu Zenima	Egypt
country	Măureni (also Morițfeld; German: Moritzfeld; Hungarian: Móricföld) is a commune in Caraş-Severin County, western Romania with a population of 2,579 people.	Măureni	Romania
country	Sint Jansbrug (lit. ``Bridge of Saint John'') is a student fraternity in the city of Delft in the Netherlands, founded in 1947.	Sint Jansbrug	Netherlands
country	Wierzbica-Osiedle (vjɛʐˈbit͡sa ɔˈɕɛdlɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbica, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Wierzbica-Osiedle	Poland
country	St Mary's Cathedral, Limerick, also known as Limerick Cathedral, is a cathedral of the Church of Ireland in Limerick, Ireland which is dedicated to the Blessed Virgin Mary.	St Mary's Cathedral, Limerick	Ireland
country	Jabłoń (ˈjabwɔɲ) is a village in Parczew County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Jabłoń	Poland
country	In the July 2003, approved by the Education Ministry of People's Republic of China, Jinggangshan Normal University was renamed as Jinggangshan University by joining with Jinggangshan Medicine College and Jinggangshan Vocational Technical College.	Jinggangshan University	People's Republic of China
country	Potash City is a small town in Jordan near the southeastern shore of the Dead Sea.	Potash City	Jordan
country	The Thomas More Institute (TMI) is a secular academic institution based out of Montreal, Quebec, Canada offering a program of university level studies in the liberal arts.	Thomas More Institute	Canada
country	Sibbesse is a village and a municipality in the district of Hildesheim, in Lower Saxony, Germany.	Sibbesse	Germany
country	Osizweni is a township in Newcastle, KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa, situated 24 kilometers from Newcastle CBD.	Osizweni	South Africa
country	Gunnarnes Chapel (Norwegian: Gunnarnes kapell) is a chapel in Måsøy Municipality in Finnmark county, Norway.	Gunnarnes Chapel	Norway
country	VTB Ice Palace (Russian: ВТБ Ледовый дворец), formerly known as Legends Arena (Russian: Арена Легенд) is an indoor multi-sport venue arena that is located in Moscow, Russia.	VTB Ice Palace	Russia
country	The Occitan Party (Occitan: Partit Occitan) is a regionalist political party in France.	Occitan Party	France
country	Xia County or Xiaxian (Chinese: 夏县; Pinyin: Xià Xiàn) is a county in the northern province of Shanxi in the People's Republic of China.	Xia County	People's Republic of China
country	Oued Ouea (alternative names: Oue`a, Ouê``a, We`a, Wê``a) is a town in the Tadjourah region of Djibouti.	Oued Ouea	Djibouti
country	Mar Baselios College of Engineering and Technology (MBCET), is located in Nalanchira, Trivandrum, Kerala, India.	Mar Baselios College of Engineering and Technology	India
country	Gronowo Elbląskie (ɡrɔˈnɔvɔ ɛlˈblɔ̃skʲɛ) (German: Grunau) is a village in Elbląg County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Gronowo Elbląskie	Poland
country	The Wetterau has a long history and is one of the oldest cultural landscapes in Germany.	Wetterau	Germany
country	The princely state of Ramdurg was one of the non-salute princely states of British India, under the Bombay Presidency, later the Deccan States Agency, founded in 1799.	Ramdurg	India
country	Xinavane is a town on the Incomati River, in the Manhiça District of Maputo Province, in Mozambique about 80 kilometres north of Maputo.	Xinavane	Mozambique
country	The Peak Range is a small subrange of the Swannell Ranges of the Omineca Mountains, located on the northwest side of the junction of Toodoggone River and Finlay River in northern British Columbia, Canada.	Peak Range	Canada
country	From 1992 to 2001, Erkelenz station was an InterRegio stop on the route towards eastern Germany (Aachen--Chemnitz).	Erkelenz station	Germany
country	Zabojska (Serbian Cyrillic: Забојска) is a village in the municipality of Trnovo, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Zabojska	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Kabud Gonbad Rural District (Persian: دهستان كبودگنبد‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Kalat County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Kabud Gonbad Rural District	Iran
country	The Mandapeshwar Caves (Marathi: मंडपेश्वर गुंफा) is an 8th Century rock-cut shrine dedicated to Shiva located near Mount Poinsur in Borivali, a suburb of Mumbai in Maharashtra, India.	Mandapeshwar Caves	India
country	Keetmanshoop is a city in ǁKaras Region, located in southern Namibia, lying on the Trans-Namib Railway from Windhoek to Upington in South Africa.	Keetmanshoop	Namibia
country	Epukiro is a cluster of small settlements in the remote eastern part of the Omaheke Region of Namibia, situated about 120 kilometres (75 mi) northeast of the regional capital Gobabis.	Epukiro	Namibia
country	Ehl is a locality in the commune of Sand, close to the town of Benfeld in Alsace, France.	Ehl	France
country	Grč Vrh (pronounced (ˈɡəɾtʃ ˈʋəɾx)) is a dispersed settlement south of Golobinjek in the Municipality of Mirna Peč in southeastern Slovenia.	Grč Vrh	Slovenia
country	Louargat (Breton: Louergad) is a commune in the Côtes-d'Armor department of Brittany in northwestern France.	Louargat	France
country	The Northeastern Statistical Region (Macedonian: Североисточен плански регион) is one of eight arbitrary statistical regions in the Republic of Macedonia.	Northeastern Statistical Region	Macedonia
country	Tërrnavicë, (Albanian: Gurkrypasi Gurkrypas Tërnavicë/Ternavice Tërrnavica/Terrnavica Tërrnavicë/Terrnavice ; Serbian: Трнавица/Trnavica/Trnovica) is a village near Podujevo, Kosovo.	Tërrnavicë	Kosovo
country	Ambracia (/æmˈbreɪʃⁱə/; Greek: Ἀμβρακία, occasionally Ἀμπρακία, Ampracia), was a city of ancient Greece on the site of modern Arta.	Ambracia	Greece
country	Nieuwkoop ( pronunciation ) is a town and municipality in the western Netherlands, in the province of South Holland.	Nieuwkoop	Netherlands
country	The 2014 DFB-Pokal Final decided the winner of the 2013--14 DFB-Pokal, the 97th season of Germany's premier football cup.	2014 DFB-Pokal Final	Germany
country	Koroivos (Greek: Κόροιβος, before 1955: Κελεβή - Kelevi) is a village in the municipal unit of Gastouni, Elis, Greece.	Koroivos	Greece
country	Cangaia de Jegue is a Brazilian band from Jequié, southwest Bahia, Brazil.	Cangaia de Jegue	Brazil
country	Sheringham Shoal Offshore Wind Farm is an offshore wind farm in the United Kingdom by Scira, owned by Statoil and Statkraft with 50% each.	Sheringham Shoal Offshore Wind Farm	United Kingdom
country	Dan Khla (เทศบาลตำบลด่านคล้า) is a sub-district municipality of Non Sung District, Nakhon Ratchasima Province, Thailand.	Dan Khla	Thailand
country	The small town of Kakanui lies on the coast of Otago, in New Zealand, fourteen kilometres to the south of Oamaru.	Kakanui	New Zealand
country	The Museum of the Chapel of Visitation (French: Museé de la Chapelle de la Visitation) is an art museum and Roman Catholic chapel in the Monaco-Ville ward of Monaco.	Museum of the Chapel of Visitation	Monaco
country	Lishkan (Persian: ليشكان‎, also Romanized as Līshkān; also known as Līshgān) is a village in Kabgian Rural District, Kabgian District, Dana County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Lishkan	Iran
country	Templemore railway station is a mainline railway station situated 2 km from the town of Templemore, Ireland.	Templemore railway station	Ireland
country	The Baltic Cable is a HVDC power line running beneath the Baltic Sea that interconnects the electric power grids of Germany and Sweden.	Baltic Cable	Germany
country	Ibaraki Airport is an airport in the city of Omitama, Ibaraki Prefecture, Japan.	Ibaraki Airport	Japan
country	Wola Gręboszowska (ˈvɔla ɡrɛmbɔˈʂɔfska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gręboszów, within Dąbrowa County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Wola Gręboszowska	Poland
country	Žerjavin (pronounced (ʒɛɾjaˈʋiːn) or (ʒɛˈɾjaːʋin)) is a small settlement in the hills west of Dolenje Mokro Polje in the Municipality of Šentjernej in southeastern Slovenia.	Žerjavin	Slovenia
country	Khatunak (Persian: خاتونك‎, also Romanized as Khātūnak) is a village in Qarah Bagh Rural District, in the Central District of Shiraz County, Fars Province, Iran.	Khatunak	Iran
country	Etche is a Local Government Area (LGA) in Rivers State, Nigeria, named after the Etche ( Echie) people of Southern Nigeria.	Etche	Nigeria
country	Oermingen (German: Örmingen) is a commune in the Bas-Rhin department in Alsace-Champagne-Ardenne-Lorraine in northeastern France.	Oermingen	France
country	Przasnysz County (Polish: powiat przasnyski) is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Masovian Voivodeship, east-central Poland.	Przasnysz County	Poland
country	Mivtahim (Hebrew: מִבְטַחִים, lit. Safe Havens) is a moshav in southern Israel.	Mivtahim	Israel
country	Czerwona Wola-Kolonia (t͡ʂɛrˈvɔna ˈvɔla kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słupia, within Końskie County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Czerwona Wola-Kolonia	Poland
country	Aggersborg is the largest of Denmark's former Viking ring castles, and one of the largest archeological sites in Denmark.	Aggersborg	Denmark
country	Chandalash Wildlife Refuge is a wildlife refuge in Kyrgyzstan.	Chandalash Wildlife Refuge	Kyrgyzstan
country	Békásmegyer (German: Krottendorf) is a neighbourhood in Budapest, Hungary.	Békásmegyer	Hungary
country	Mount Jim Crow is a trachyte plug that lies between Rockhampton and Yeppoon, Australia.	Mount Jim Crow	Australia
country	Tullamarine Bus Lines is a bus operator in Melbourne, Australia.	Tullamarine Bus Lines	Australia
country	Krykhivtsi (Ukrainian: Крихівці) is a big village at the southwestern edge of Ivano-Frankivsk, in the Western Ukraine.	Krykhivtsi	Ukraine
country	This site is located on the right bank of Phulki River, about 3 km south-east of Kuntasi village and 30 km from Morbi in Maliya taluka of Morbi District in Gujarat state of India.	Kuntasi	India
country	Międzybórz (mʲɛnˈd͡zɨbuʂ), also known as Międzybórz Sycowski (German: Neumittelwalde, until 1886 Medzibor), is a town in Oleśnica County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Międzybórz	Poland
country	The Black Country boroughs form part of the Birmingham metropolitan economy, the second largest in the United Kingdom.	Black Country	United Kingdom
country	Plankeholmane Bird Sanctuary (Norwegian: Plankeholmane fuglereservat) is a bird reserve at Svalbard, Norway, established in 1973.	Plankeholmane Bird Sanctuary	Norway
country	Veitshöchheim station is a regional railway station in southern Germany.	Veitshöchheim station	Germany
country	Kronstad Station is a former station at Kronstad in Bergen, Norway opened in 1913 and closed in 1965.	Kronstad Station	Norway
country	Krishnapatnam Port is a privately built and owned all weather, deep water port on the east coast of India, located in the Nellore District of Andhra Pradesh.	Krishnapatnam Port	India
country	The Tuscan Archipelago is a chain of islands between the Ligurian Sea and Tyrrhenian Sea, west of Tuscany, Italy.	Tuscan Archipelago	Italy
country	Because the Low Point Lighthouse was declared surplus by the Canadian Coast Guard in June 2010 (along with almost all lighthouses in Canada), the lighthouse had until May 29, 2012 to be nominated under the Heritage Lighthouse Protection Act by a group willing to look after it, or the lighthouse would face disposal.	Low Point Lighthouse	Canada
country	Ambuquí is a city in northern Ecuador and of the Imbabura Province.	Ambuquí	Ecuador
country	The European Union Act 2011 is an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom, requiring that a referendum be held on amendments of the Treaty on European Union or the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union.	European Union Act 2011	United Kingdom
country	Chrysavgi is a mountain village in the municipality of Voio, West Macedonia, Greece.	Chrysavgi	Greece
country	Petarch (Bulgarian: Петърч) is a village in Kostinbrod Municipality, Sofia Province, located in western Bulgaria approximately 5 km south-west of the town of Kostinbrod.	Petarch	Bulgaria
country	Paskuqan is a city and a former municipality in the Tirana County, central Albania.	Paskuqan	Albania
country	Nainital Gewog is a former a gewog (village block) of Samtse District, Bhutan.	Nainital Gewog	Bhutan
country	Mustique Airport (IATA: MQS, ICAO: TVSM) is a private airfield owned by the Mustique Company, and is located on Mustique island, part of Saint Vincent and the Grenadines in the Caribbean Sea.	Mustique Airport	Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
country	The Sperrgebiet (German, meaning ``Prohibited Area'') (also known as Diamond Area 1) is a diamond mining area in southwestern Namibia, in the Namib Desert.	Sperrgebiet	Namibia
country	Fazlagić Tower (Bosnian: Fazlagića Kula) is a ruined tower located near Gacko in the east part of Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Fazlagić Tower	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Svirstroy (Russian: Свирьстрой) is an urban locality (an urban-type settlement) in Lodeynopolsky District of Leningrad Oblast, Russia, located on the left bank of the Svir River several kilometers northeast of the town of Lodeynoye Pole.	Svirstroy	Russia
country	Kothaimangalam Wetlands are located near to Palani, Tamil Nadu, India.	Kothaimangalam Wetlands	India
country	Okambonde is a village in the northern part of Namibia.	Okambonde	Namibia
country	Monalanong Hill is a mountain often considered the highest point of Botswana, with an altitude derived from SRTM data of 1,494 metres (4,900 feet).	Monalanong Hill	Botswana
country	Kiryat Haim (Hebrew: קריית חיים‎ pronounced (kiʁˈjat ˈχa.im)) is one of the five Krayot suburbs located north of Haifa, Israel.	Kiryat Haim	Israel
country	Mosesetjane village is situated northwest of the town of Mokopane in the Waterberg District of the Limpopo province of South Africa.	Mosesetjane	South Africa
country	The Greifensteine is a rock formation in the Ore Mountains, Germany, between the towns of Geyer, Ehrenfriedersdorf and Jahnsbach.	Greifensteine	Germany
country	Nagle College is a Catholic Secondary School in Bairnsdale in the East Gippsland region of Victoria, Australia.	Nagle College	Australia
country	Seongpo-dong (Hangul: 성포동; hanja: 聲浦洞) is a neighbourhood of Sangnok-gu, Ansan, Gyeonggi Province, South Korea.	Seongpo-dong	South Korea
country	Obrazów (ɔˈbrazuf) is a village in Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Obrazów	Poland
country	Przyzórz (ˈpʂɨzuʂ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzelce, within Kutno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Przyzórz	Poland
country	Nitrica (Hungarian: Rákosvölgyudvarnok) is a village and municipality in Prievidza District in the Trenčín Region of western Slovakia.	Nitrica	Slovakia
country	Doyo Dam (Japanese: 土用ダム) is a rock-fill embankment dam located 6 km (4 mi) north of Shinjō in the Okayama Prefecture, Japan.	Doyo Dam	Japan
country	This Rigid Empire is a pop rock band from Orillia, Ontario, Canada.	This Rigid Empire	Canada
country	Stružnica (pronounced (ˈstɾuːʒnitsa)) is a small remote dispersed settlement in the hills above the left bank of the Kolpa River in the Municipality of Kostel in southern Slovenia.	Stružnica	Slovenia
country	Mornaguia is a town and commune in the Manouba Governorate, Tunisia, located 14 kilometres from Tunis.	Mornaguia	Tunisia
country	Morgedal, of the municipality of Kviteseid in the county of Telemark Norway, is called the cradle of skiing.	Morgedal	Norway
country	The Zelten oil field is not associated with the town Zelten, which is located in the North-West of Libya.	Zelten oil field	Libya
country	Sahiwal Tehsil is an administrative sub-division (tehsil) of Sahiwal District, Punjab, Pakistan.	Sahiwal Tehsil	Pakistan
country	Maytablı (also, Mahtablı, Meytablı, Meytabli, and Meytably) is a village in the Davachi Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Maytablı	Azerbaijan
country	Trentinara is a town and comune near Paestum in the province of Salerno in the Campania region of south-western Italy.	Trentinara	Italy
country	Sarmiento Lake is a lake located in Torres del Paine National Park, in the Magallanes Region of southern Chile.	Sarmiento Lake	Chile
country	Gadhinglaj is a city and municipality in the Gadhinglaj Taluka, a subdivision of the Kolhapur district, state of Maharashtra, India.	Gadhinglaj Taluka	India
country	The Maramureș Mountains Natural Park (Romanian: Parcul Natural Munții Maramureșului) is a protected area (natural park category V IUCN) situated in Romania, in the north part in the Maramureș County.	Maramureș Mountains Natural Park	Romania
country	Yubbe (also known as Yobe, Yube, Yubeh and Yubbe Tug) is a town in the northern Sanaag region of Somalia.	Yubbe	Somalia
country	The Apollo 11 Cave is an archeological site in the ǁKaras Region of south-western Namibia, approximately 250 kilometres (160 mi) southwest of Keetmanshoop.	Apollo 11 Cave	Namibia
country	The Südstadion is a football stadium in Cologne, Germany with a 11,748 capacity.	Südstadion	Germany
country	The Sextental is a side valley of the Puster Valley in South Tyrol, Italy and is congruent with the municipality of Sexten.	Sextental	Italy
country	Simbari Khaleh (Persian: سيمبري خاله‎, also Romanized as Sīmbarī Khāleh; also known as Sīmbar Khāleh and Sīmbar Khāleh-ye Pā’īn) is a village in Dinachal Rural District, Pareh Sar District, Rezvanshahr County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Simbari Khaleh	Iran
country	Falęcice-Wola (falɛnˈt͡ɕit͡sɛ ˈvɔla) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Promna, within Białobrzegi County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Falęcice-Wola	Poland
country	Tongaat is a sugarcane growing township in KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa, that is situated on the banks of the Tongati River about 37 km north of Durban and 28 km south of Stanger.	Tongaat	South Africa
country	Trzcianka (ˈtʂt͡ɕaŋka) (German: Schönlanke) is a town in the Greater Poland region in Poland.	Trzcianka	Poland
country	Helgalund, Helgalunden, or Tjurberget, is a neighbourhood on the island Södermalm in Stockholm, Sweden.	Helgalunden	Sweden
country	Perambra (Malayalam: പേരാമ്പ്ര) is a town in Koyilandy taluk of Kozhikode district in North Malabar region of Kerala state, India.	Perambra	India
country	Institute of Agriculture Phases 2 and 3 (Persian: موسسه فلاحت در فراغت فاز 2 و3‎ -- Mūsaseh Felāḩet Dar Farāghet Fāz Do va Seh) is a village and institute in Siyakh Darengun Rural District, in the Central District of Shiraz County, Fars Province, Iran.	Institute of Agriculture Phases 2 and 3	Iran
country	The Monti Ausoni or Ausoni Mountains is a mountain range in southern Lazio, in central Italy.	Monti Ausoni	Italy
country	The Taksin Bridge (Thai: สะพานสมเด็จพระเจ้าตากสิน) is a bridge crossing the Chao Phraya river in Bangkok, Thailand.	Taksin Bridge	Thailand
country	Port El Kantaoui (Arabic: مرسى القنطاوي‎) is a tourist complex 10 kilometres north of Sousse city in central Tunisia.	Port El Kantaoui	Tunisia
country	Vinger Royal Road (Eskoleia) was the historical name of an ancient route in southern Norway.	Vinger Royal Road	Norway
country	The Huebra is a river in Spain, that flows from Escurial de la Sierra (in Salamanca province) to the river Duero.	Huebra	Spain
country	Tabakalera is a former tobacco factory in San Sebastián, Spain which was converted into the International Centre for Contemporary Culture of San Sebastián.	Tabakalera	Spain
country	Shakhty (Russian: Шахты; IPA: (ˈʂaxtɨ)) is a city in Rostov Oblast, Russia, located on the southeastern spur of the Donetsk mountain ridge, 75 kilometers (47 mi) northeast of Rostov-on-Don.	Shakhty	Russia
country	Partnership House is a landmark tower office building in Gosforth, Newcastle upon Tyne, United Kingdom.	Partnership House	United Kingdom
country	Les Fougerêts (Felgerieg-al-Lann in Breton) is a commune in the Morbihan department of Brittany in north-western France.	Les Fougerêts	France
country	Banc Bugeilyn is a hill found in Plynlimon between Aberystwyth and Welshpool in the United Kingdom; grid reference SN826925.	Banc Bugeilyn	United Kingdom
country	The National Park of Upper Niger is a recently gazetted national park in Guinea in northwestern Africa.	National Park of Upper Niger	Guinea
country	Achalla is the capital of Awka North, a Local Government Area in Anambra State, south-central Nigeria.	Achalla	Nigeria
country	The Guettioua Sandstone is a geological formation in Morocco.	Guettioua Sandstone	Morocco
country	Dastgerd-e Emamzadeh (Persian: دستگردامامزاده‎, also Romanized as Dastgerd-e Emāmzādeh and Dastgerd Emāmzādeh; also known as Dastgerd and Emāmzādeh Dastgerd) is a village in Dastgerd Rural District, in the Central District of Kiar County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Dastgerd-e Emamzadeh	Iran
country	Dayr Hafir District (Arabic: منطقة دير حافر‎, translit. manṭiqat Dayr Ḥāfir) is a district of Aleppo Governorate in northern Syria.	Dayr Hafir District	Syria
country	Barnet and Southgate College is a further education college in North London, England in the United Kingdom .	Barnet and Southgate College	United Kingdom
country	Enonjärvi is a rather small lake of Finland in northern Central Finland, in Karstula and Kannonkoski municipalities.	Enonjärvi	Finland
country	The Iacobeni mine is a large mine in the north of Romania in Suceava County, 96 km southwest of Suceava and 340 km north of the capital, Bucharest.	Iacobeni mine	Romania
country	Mladá Vožice is a town in the South Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic about 17 km north-east of Tábor.	Mladá Vožice	Czech Republic
country	The work on delineation of entire course of Sarasvati River in North West India was carried out using Indian Remote Sensing Satellite data along with digital elevation model.	Sarasvati River	India
country	Damięty (daˈmjɛntɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Goworowo, within Ostrołęka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Damięty	Poland
country	Marjuneh Sar (Persian: مرجونه سر‎, also Romanized as Marjūneh Sar) is a village in Valupey Rural District, in the Central District of Savadkuh County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Marjuneh Sar	Iran
country	Ma'tan as-Sarra is an oasis in the Kufra District municipality in the southeast corner of Libya.	Ma'tan as-Sarra	Libya
country	The SAFTI Military Institute (Abbreviation: SAFTI MI) is a tri-service military training institution for officers of all ranks of the Singapore Armed Forces (SAF).	SAFTI Military Institute	Singapore
country	Imirim is a neighborhood in the northern zone of São Paulo city, State of São Paulo, in Brazil.	Imirim	Brazil
country	Sussex Aerodrome (TC LID: CCY3), is located 3 nautical miles (5.6 km; 3.5 mi) southwest of Sussex, New Brunswick, Canada.	Sussex Aerodrome	Canada
country	Ještěd (Czech pronunciation: (ˈjɛʃcɛt); German: Jeschken) is the highest mountain peak (1,012 m) of the Ještěd-Kozákov Ridge near Liberec in the north of the Czech Republic.	Ještěd	Czech Republic
country	The tidal port is an important fishing center in the region Ponnani is often regarded one of the oldest ports in southern India and is sometimes roughly identified with the port Tyndis of the Roman accounts.	Ponnani	India
country	Hiekkaharju railway station (Finnish: Hiekkaharjun rautatieasema; Swedish: Sandkulla station) is a Helsinki commuter rail station located in the district of Hiekkaharju in the city of Vantaa, Finland.	Hiekkaharju railway station	Finland
country	The Blue Nile flows generally south from Lake Tana and then west across Ethiopia and northwest into Sudan.	Blue Nile	Sudan
country	Inglesby, otherwise known as the Francis House, was located in South Yarra, Melbourne, Australia.	Inglesby	Australia
country	Pilam Pastanak (Persian: پيلام پستانك‎, also Romanized as Pīlām Pastānak) is a village in Amlash-e Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Amlash County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Pilam Pastanak	Iran
country	DAESP - Departamento Aeroviário do Estado de São Paulo (English: Airports Department of the State of São Paulo) is the department of aviation of the state of São Paulo in Brazil.	DAESP	Brazil
country	The honorary title Pilot-Cosmonaut of the USSR (Russian: Летчик-космонавт СССР) was a state award of the Soviet Union presented to all cosmonauts who flew for the Soviet Space Agency.	Pilot-Cosmonaut of the USSR	Soviet Union
country	Dutch Lenten Campaign Foundation is the Roman Catholic aid agency for the Netherlands.	Dutch Lenten Campaign Foundation	Netherlands
country	Bristow Helicopters Ltd holds a United Kingdom Civil Aviation Authority Type A Operating Licence, it is permitted to carry passengers, cargo and mail on aircraft with 20 seats or more.	Bristow Helicopters	United Kingdom
country	Meridian Junior College (MJC) is a junior college in Singapore, offering a two-year course for pre-university students leading up to the GCE 'A' Level examination.	Meridian Junior College	Singapore
country	Vaika islands is a group of islands belonging to the country of Estonia.	Vaika islands	Estonia
country	Mazraeh-ye Shurjeh (Persian: مزرعه شورجه‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Shūrjeh) is a village in Qombovan Rural District, in the Central District of Dehaqan County, Isfahan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.	Mazraeh-ye Shurjeh	Iran
country	Corotna (Ukrainian: Коротне, Korotne, Russian: Коротное, Korotnoye) is a commune in the Slobozia sub-district of Transnistria, Moldova.	Corotna	Moldova
country	The Cluster Innovation Centre (CIC) (हिंदी: संकुल नवप्रवर्तन केंद्र) is a Government of India funded institute established under the aegis of the University of Delhi.	Cluster Innovation Centre	India
country	Qurchi, also Kypim, is a major town in Bilchiragh District in the Faryab Province, in northern Afghanistan.	Qurchi	Afghanistan
country	Tynnered is one of 21 boroughs in the city of Gothenburg, Sweden.	Tynnered	Sweden
country	Schollach is a town in the Wachau valley in the district of Melk in the Austrian state of Lower Austria.	Schollach	Austria
country	Morococha is a town in the Morococha District in the Yauli Province of the Junín Region in Peru.	Morococha	Peru
country	Nedožery-Brezany (Hungarian: Nádasérberzseny) is a village and municipality in Prievidza District in the Trenčín Region of western Slovakia.	Nedožery-Brezany	Slovakia
country	Koya University is located in Koy Sanjaq, near Arbil (Hewlêr), capital of the Erbil Governorate in the Iraqi Kurdistan region of Iraq.	Koya University	Iraq
country	Kuvshinskaya Salma (Russian: Кувшинская Салма) is a rural locality (an inhabited locality) in administrative jurisdiction of the closed administrative-territorial formation of Alexandrovsk in Murmansk Oblast, Russia, located beyond the Arctic Circle at the height of 1 meter (3 ft 3 in) above sea level.	Kuvshinskaya Salma	Russia
country	Makariv Raion (Ukrainian: Макарівський район) is a raion (district) in Kiev Oblast of Ukraine.	Makariv Raion	Ukraine
country	Paso de Carrasco or Paso Carrasco is a city in the Canelones Department of Uruguay.	Paso de Carrasco	Uruguay
country	The Weihe Viaduct (German: Weihetalbrücke) is a bridge of the A 4 motorway near Richelsdorf, Germany.	Weihe Viaduct	Germany
country	Palwal district (Hindi: पलवल जिला) is the 21st district of Haryana state in northern India.	Palwal district	India
country	Glurns (Italian: Glorenza) is a comune (municipality) in South Tyrol in northern Italy, located about 80 kilometres (50 mi) northwest of Bolzano.	Glurns	Italy
country	Pastavy (Belarusian: Паставы, Lithuanian: Pastovys, Russian: Поставы, Polish: Postawy) is a city in the Vitebsk Region of Belarus, an administrative center of Pastavy Raion.	Pastavy	Belarus
country	Katrathal is a village in Sikar tehsil of Sikar district in Rajasthan, India.	Katrathal	India
country	Most pri Bratislave (Hungarian: Dunahidas, German: Bruck) is a village and municipality in western Slovakia in Senec District in the Bratislava Region.	Most pri Bratislave	Slovakia
country	The Dalou Mountains (simplified Chinese: 大娄山; traditional Chinese: 大婁山) are a range of limestone mountains running 300 km (190 mi) north east to south west across the Yunnan-Guizhou Plateau spanning Guizhou and Sichuan Provinces, People's Republic of China.	Dalou Mountains	People's Republic of China
country	Eyvanki Industrial Estate (Persian: شهرك صنعتي ايوانكي‎ -- Shahraḵ-e Şanʿatī Eyvānḵī) is a company town and village in Eyvanki Rural District, Eyvanki District, Garmsar County, Semnan Province, Iran.	Eyvanki Industrial Estate	Iran
country	Jahangir Kandi (Persian: جهانگيركندي‎, also Romanized as Jahāngīr Kandī) is a village in Quri Chay-ye Gharbi Rural District, Saraju District, Maragheh County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Jahangir Kandi	Iran
country	Wihwa Island (Korean: 위화도, Wihwado, Chinese: 威化岛) is a river island in the Yalu river, lying on the border between North Korea and China.	Wihwa Island	North Korea
country	Bad Vöslau is a spa town in the Lower Austria federal state of Austria.	Bad Vöslau	Austria
country	Batycze (baˈtɨt͡ʂɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żurawica, within Przemyśl County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Batycze	Poland
country	Istočni Mostar (Serbian Cyrillic: Источни Мостар) is a municipality in Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Istočni Mostar	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Mullovka (Мулловка) is a village in Ulyanovsk Oblast, Russia.	Mullovka	Russia
country	The Sayavaneswarar Temple is a Hindu temple situated in the village of Thirusaikkadu, near Puhar in Nagapattinam district of Tamil Nadu, India.	Sayavaneswarar Temple	India
country	Kirène is a small town in western Senegal about 70 km from the capital, Dakar.	Kirène	Senegal
country	Mianhuaping Railway Station is a railway station of Hangchangkun Passenger Railway, located in Guizhou, People's Republic of China.	Mianhuaping Railway Station	People's Republic of China
country	Salinas de Ibargoiti (Getze Ibargoiti in Basque), is a little village located in the province of Navarre, Spain.	Salinas de Ibargoiti	Spain
country	Tiltil is most known for being an execution place for rebels during Chile's independence war against Spain.	Tiltil	Chile
country	Birdad (Persian: بير داد‎, also Romanized as Bīrdād; also known as Bīldād and Bīrdā) is a village in Hasanabad Rural District, in the Central District of Ravansar County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Birdad	Iran
country	Suryathum is a village in the Mareng village development committee of the Arghakhanchi district of western Nepal.	Suryathum	Nepal
country	The village of Sengwarden lies north of Wilhelmshaven, Germany.	Sengwarden	Germany
country	Sharurah (Arabic: شرورة‎) is a town in Najran Province, Southern Saudi Arabia, approximately 200 miles east of the town of Najran.	Sharurah	Saudi Arabia
country	Sirogojno is a village in Serbia located on Mt.	Sirogojno	Serbia
country	Elandskuil Dam is dam on the Swartleegte River, North West, South Africa.	Elandskuil Dam	South Africa
country	Siah Tir-e Pain (Persian: سياه تيرپائين‎, also Romanized as Sīāh Tīr-e Pā’īn; also known as Sīāh Tīr and Sīāh Tīreh-ye Pā’īn) is a village in Eskelabad Rural District, Nukabad District, Khash County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Siah Tir-e Pain	Iran
country	The Logue Brook Dam is a dam located in the south-west of Western Australia in the Darling Scarp near the town of Yarloop.	Logue Brook Dam	Australia
country	Kožbana (pronounced (kɔˈʒbaːna)) is a village in the Municipality of Brda in the Littoral region of Slovenia, close to the border with Italy.	Kožbana	Slovenia
country	Ogony (ɔˈɡɔnɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Młynarze, within Maków County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Ogony	Poland
country	Dağ Kəsəmən (also, Dagkesaman) is a village and the most populous municipality, except for the capital Ağstafa, in the Agstafa Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Dağ Kəsəmən	Azerbaijan
country	Commune of Gitega is a commune of Gitega Province in central Burundi.	Commune of Gitega	Burundi
country	O'Brians Event Centre is an events hall in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, Canada.	O'Brians Event Centre	Canada
country	Kadhdhoo Airport (Maldivian: ކައްދޫ އެއަރޕޯޓް) (IATA: KDO, ICAO: VRMK) is a domestic airport located on the island of Kadhdhoo in Laamu Atoll, Maldives.	Kadhdhoo Airport	Maldives
country	Moskenesøya (lit. Moskenes Island) is an island at the southern end of the Lofoten archipelago in Nordland county, Norway.	Moskenesøya	Norway
country	Guardia Piemontese (Occitan: La Gàrdia) is a town and comune in the province of Cosenza and the region of Calabria in southern Italy.	Guardia Piemontese	Italy
country	Alebtong, sometimes spelled Alebtongo, is a town in the Northern Region of Uganda.	Alebtong	Uganda
country	Mateřinka (a special Czech term, which means a play for children at the pre-school age) is a biennial festival of professional puppet theatre for children of the pre-school age organized by the Naivní divadlo theatre in Liberec, Czech Republic.	Mateřinka	Czech Republic
country	Pavilhão Rosa Mota is an arena in Porto, Portugal.	Pavilhão Rosa Mota	Portugal
country	Wólka Łamana (ˈvulka waˈmana) (Ukrainian: Вілька Ламана, Vil’ka Lamana) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kuryłówka, within Leżajsk County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Wólka Łamana	Poland
country	The Finnish National Board of Antiquities (Finnish: Museovirasto, Swedish: Museiverket) preserves Finland's material cultural heritage: collects, studies and distributes knowledge of it.	Finnish National Board of Antiquities	Finland
country	Kani Pankeh Qajer (Persian: كاني پانكه قاجر‎, also Romanized as Kānī Pānkeh Qājer; also known as Kāni Panka, Kānī Pānkeh, Kānī Pankeh-ye Tājer, and Kānī Ponkeh Tājer) is a village in Il Teymur Rural District, in the Central District of Bukan County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Kani Pankeh Qajer	Iran
country	Seonam Temple, or Seonamsa, is a Korean Buddhist temple on the eastern slope at the west end of Mount Jogye (Jogyesan) Provincial Park, within the northern Seungjumyeon District of the city of Suncheon, Jeollanamdo Province, South Korea.	Seonamsa	South Korea
country	Itanos (Greek: Ίτανος) is a former municipality in the Lasithi regional unit, eastern Crete, Greece.	Itanos	Greece
country	St. Henry's College Kitovu (SHACK), is a boys-only government-aided boarding middle and high school in Uganda, the third-largest economy in the East African Community.	St. Henry's College Kitovu	Uganda
country	Muqlus or Mqlos (Arabic: مقلس‎, also spelled Mqlos, Mukloss or Muklis) is a village in central Syria, administratively part of the Homs Governorate, located about 40 kilometers west of Homs.	Muqlus	Syria
country	As of the 2001 India census, Sidhi had a population of 45,664 with males constituting 54% of the population, females 46%.	Sidhi	India
country	Al Ain Oasis is the largest oasis in the city of Al Ain, within the Emirate of Abu Dhabi, the United Arab Emirates.	Al Ain Oasis	United Arab Emirates
country	Transit New Zealand signalled a long term intention in 2004 to realign SH1 in the vicinity of Leith Saddle; construction would require removal of some old-growth forest.	Leith Saddle	New Zealand
country	Lawa Antino Airstrip (ICAO: SMAN) is an airstrip located near Antino on the Lawa border river between Suriname & French Guiana and six miles west of the gold mining village of Benzdorp in Suriname.	Lawa Antino Airstrip	Suriname
country	AMI-télé is licensed by the Canadian Radio-television and Telecommunications Commission (CRTC) as a Category A ``must-carry'' service; it must be carried on the lowest level of service by all licensed digital cable, satellite television, and IPTV providers in Canada.	AMI-télé	Canada
country	Karim Haseleh-ye Olya (Persian: كريم حاصله عليا‎, also Romanized as Karīm Ḩāşeleh-ye ``Olyā) is a village in Hasanabad Rural District, in the Central District of Eslamabad-e Gharb County, Kermanshah Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 22, in 6 families.	Karim Haseleh-ye Olya	Iran
country	The Ajoie (German: Elsgau, Franc-Comtois: Aidjoue) is an historic region roughly coinciding with Porrentruy District in the canton of Jura in northwestern Switzerland.	Ajoie	Switzerland
country	Eisstadion Inzell (in the past also known as Ludwig-Schwabl-Stadion, now known as Max Aicher Arena) is a stadium located in Inzell, Germany, best known as a speed skating venue.	Eisstadion Inzell	Germany
country	Bobięcino (bɔbjɛnˈt͡ɕinɔ) (Kashubian: Papãczëno, German: Papenzin) is a village in Gmina Miastko, Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Bobięcino	Poland
country	Le Roncole (today known as Roncole Verdi,) is a village in the province of Parma (Emilia-Romagna region) of Italy, a frazione of the comune of Busseto.	Le Roncole	Italy
country	The Kappelberg Tunnel is a road tunnel on the Bundesstraße 14, located near the city of Stuttgart, Germany.	Kappelberg Tunnel	Germany
country	The Zingster Strom is a distinctive, river-like arm of the Barther Bodden lagoon, south of the Zingst peninsula on Germany's Baltic Sea coast.	Zingster Strom	Germany
country	Goharshad Mosque (Persian: مسجد گوهرشاد‎‎) is a former free standing mosque in Mashhad of the Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran, which now serves as one of the prayer halls within the Imam Reza shrine complex.	Goharshad Mosque	Iran
country	Maludam National Park (Malay: Taman Negara Maludam) is a national park in Betong Division, Sarawak, Malaysia on the island of Borneo.	Maludam National Park	Malaysia
country	Tolkmicko (tɔlkˈmit͡skɔ) (German: Tolkemit) is a town in northern Poland, on the Vistula Lagoon, about 20 km northeast of Elbląg.	Tolkmicko	Poland
country	Frogner stadion is a sports stadium in Oslo, Norway, which has artificial ice in the winter for speed skating and bandy.	Frogner stadion	Norway
country	Ranheim Papirfabrikk AS was a Norwegian industrial company, which ran a paper factory with the same name at Ranheim, Trondheim, Norway.	Ranheim Papirfabrikk	Norway
country	Like many roads in the North of England passing through similar terrain, Snake Pass has a poor safety record in comparison to other roads in the United Kingdom.	Snake Pass	United Kingdom
country	Cambridge Public School, located east of Embrun, Ontario, Canada, has a school population of about 200 students.	Cambridge Public School	Canada
country	Wauthier-Braine Abbey (French: Abbaye de Wauthier-Braine) was a Cistercian nunnery situated at Wauthier-Braine in Walloon Brabant, Belgium.	Wauthier-Braine Abbey	Belgium
country	The Firminy-Vert Stadium is a sport field located at Firminy in the Loire in France.	Firminy-Vert Stadium	France
country	Puerto Nariño is the second municipality of the Amazonas department of Colombia, located on the shore of the Amazon River.	Puerto Nariño	Colombia
country	The 2006 South American Women's Football Championship (Campeonato Sudamericano de Fútbol Femenino 2006) football tournament was played between November 10 and November 26, 2006 at Mar del Plata, Argentina.	2006 South American Women's Football Championship	Argentina
country	Maria am Gestade (English: Mary at the Shore) is a Gothic church in Vienna, Austria.	Maria am Gestade	Austria
country	Farah City District is a district in Farah Province, Afghanistan, containing the main city of Farah.	Farah City District	Afghanistan
country	Castiglione Messer Marino is a comune and town in the province of Chieti in the Abruzzo region of central Italy It is the birthplace of the parents of race car driver Juan Manuel Fangio.	Castiglione Messer Marino	Italy
country	Voula (Greek: Βούλα) is a town and former municipality in East Attica, Greece.	Voula	Greece
country	Al-Hariqa (Arabic: الحريقة‎) is a neighborhood in Damascus, Syria.	Al-Hariqa	Syria
country	Rashm (Persian: رشم‎, also Romanized as Reshm and Rishm; also known as Gulāki) is a village in Qohab-e Rastaq Rural District, Amirabad District, Damghan County, Semnan Province, Iran.	Rashm	Iran
country	Arkiko (alternately Archigo, Arqiqo, Ercoco, Hirgigo, Hargigo or Harkiko) is a town in the Northern Red Sea region of Eritrea.	Arkiko	Eritrea
country	Etten-Leur ( pronunciation ) is a municipality in the southern Netherlands.	Etten-Leur	Netherlands
country	Truskaw (ˈtruskaf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Izabelin, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Truskaw	Poland
country	Tumby Island is a low bedrock island located 500 m east of the southern tip of Tumby Bay (Tumby Point) in Spencer Gulf, South Australia.	Tumby Island	Australia
country	The Port of Gennevilliers is the largest port in the Ile-de-France and the largest French river port.	Port of Gennevilliers	France
country	Georgia Tech Lorraine (GTL) is a campus of the Georgia Institute of Technology in Metz, France and is part of Georgia Tech's International Plan.	Georgia Tech Lorraine	France
country	Uludyuz (also, Uluduz) is a village in the Lachin Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Uludyuz	Azerbaijan
country	Bornova Anadolu Lisesi (BAL), commonly known in foreign languages with its English name Bornova Anadolu High School, is one of the most renowned and prestigious high schools in Turkey.	Bornova Anadolu Lisesi	Turkey
country	Vichoor (Tamil: விச்சூர்), is a developing residential area in North Chennai, a metropolitan city in Tamil Nadu, India	Vichoor	India
country	Frieboeshvile (lit. ``Friboe's Resting Place'') is a Baroque-style country house in Kongens Lyngby north of Copenhagen, Denmark.	Frieboeshvile	Denmark
country	Lamassa Island is an island in Lamassa Bay off the village of Lamassa off the southwestern coast of New Ireland, Papua New Guinea.	Lamassa Island	Papua New Guinea
country	Mount Macolod (also called Mount Makulot or Mount Maculot) is a mountain located in the town of Cuenca in Batangas province, in the Philippines.	Mount Macolod	Philippines
country	Dabajuro is a city and municipality in southwestern Falcón State, Venezuela with a population of 25, 469 (c. 2005).	Dabajuro	Venezuela
country	Sopoty (sɔˈpɔtɨ) (German: Seepothen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wilczęta, within Braniewo County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Sopoty	Poland
country	Coronel Felipe Varela International Airport (Spanish: Aeropuerto Coronel Felipe Varela) (IATA: CTC, ICAO: SANC) is an airport in Catamarca Province, Argentina serving the city of San Fernando del Valle de Catamarca.	Coronel Felipe Varela International Airport	Argentina
country	Nkongsamba Airport (IATA: NKS, ICAO: FKAN) is an airport serving Nkongsamba, a city in the Moungo department of the Littoral region in Cameroon.	Nkongsamba Airport	Cameroon
country	In 2006, Nýhil made a deal with Landsbankinn that the bank would pay for 130 copies of the nine books in the Nýhil series Norrænar bókmenntir to be distributed to libraries throughout Iceland.	Nýhil	Iceland
country	Mazraeh-ye Abdol Hoseyn Moradi (Persian: مزرعه عبدالحسين مرادي‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye ``Abdol Ḩoseyn Morādī) is a village in Siyakh Darengun Rural District, in the Central District of Shiraz County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 41, in 8 families.	Mazraeh-ye Abdol Hoseyn Moradi	Iran
country	Wilczoruda-Parcela (vilt͡ʂɔˈruda parˈt͡sɛla) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pniewy, within Grójec County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Wilczoruda-Parcela	Poland
country	Pic Eccles (4,041 m) is a mountain in the Mont Blanc massif in the Val d'Aosta, Italy.	Pic Eccles	Italy
country	The Fortaleza Ozama (in Spanish; Ozama Fortress in English) is a sixteenth-century castle built by the Spanish at the entrance to Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic, and overlooking the Ozama River.	Fortaleza Ozama	Dominican Republic
country	Charlotte West was a provincial electoral district for the Legislative Assembly of New Brunswick, Canada; it existed from 1974 to 1995.	Charlotte West	Canada
country	Estadio Pepe Rojo is a sports stadium located in the city of Valladolid, Spain.	Estadio Pepe Rojo	Spain
country	Vaivadiškiai is a village in the Jonava district municipality, in Kaunas County, in central Lithuania.	Vaivadiškiai	Lithuania
country	Kupčina is a river in central Croatia, a left tributary of Kupa.	Kupčina	Croatia
country	Kinzau-Mvuete (or Kinzao) is a town in the Bas-Congo province of the Democratic Republic of the Congo, about 70 kilometres (43 mi) north of Matadi.	Kinzau-Mvuete	Democratic Republic of the Congo
country	Białebłoto-Kobyla (bjawɛˈbwɔtɔ kɔˈbɨla) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brańszczyk, within Wyszków County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Białebłoto-Kobyla	Poland
country	The Hospital for Tropical Diseases (HTD) is a specialist tropical disease hospital located in London, United Kingdom.	Hospital for Tropical Diseases	United Kingdom
country	Pa Derazan (Persian: پادرازان‎, also Romanized as Pā Derāzān) is a village in Qaleh Tall Rural District, in the Central District of Bagh-e Malek County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Pa Derazan	Iran
country	Anjukottai is a village in northern Ramnad district, Tamil Nadu, India, 4 kilometres (2.5 mi) from Thiruvadani; and 16 kilometres (9.9 mi) from Thondi.	Anjukottai	India
country	Mełno-Cukrownia (ˈmɛu̯nɔ t͡suˈkrɔvɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gruta, within Grudziądz County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Mełno-Cukrownia	Poland
country	Arenal Huetar Norte Conservation Area is an administrative area which is managed by SINAC for the purposes of conservation in the northern part of Costa Rica.	Arenal Huetar Norte Conservation Area	Costa Rica
country	The Château de Challeau (or Challuau) refers to two châteaux in the neighbouring communes of Dormelles and Villecerf, near Fontainebleau in the department of Seine et Marne, France.	Château de Challeau	France
country	Stara Moravica (Serbian Cyrillic: Стара Моравица, Hungarian: Bácskossuthfalva or Ómoravica, German: Alt-Morawitza) is a village located in the Bačka Topola municipality, in the North Bačka District of Serbia.	Stara Moravica	Serbia
country	Kara-Balta ('black ax', Russian/Kyrgyz: Кара-Балта) is a city and municipality on the Kara-Balta River, in Chuy Province, Kyrgyzstan, the capital of Jaiyl District.	Kara-Balta	Kyrgyzstan
country	The National Higher School of Statistics and Applied Economy in Algiers (in French: École nationale supérieure de statistique et d'économie appliquée, ENSSEA d'Alger, in Arabic: المدرسة الوطنية العليا للاحصاء و الاقتصاد التطبيقي), called as well AES Algiers, is a public institution of higher education in Algeria.	AES Algiers	Algeria
country	Whitegrass Airport (IATA: TAH, ICAO: NVVW), also known as White Grass Airport or Tanna Airport, is an airport on the island Tanna, in the Taféa province in Vanuatu.	Whitegrass Airport	Vanuatu
country	Al Bahah (Arabic: الباحة‎ Al Bāḥa) is a city in the south west of Saudi Arabia.	Al Bahah	Saudi Arabia
country	Rantarata (the Finnish Coastal Railway, Swedish: Kustbanan), is a railway running between the Helsinki Central railway station and the Turku railway station in Finland.	Rantarata	Finland
country	Valencian Sign Language (Valencian: Llengua de signes valenciana (ˈʎeŋɡwa ðe ˈsiŋnez valensiˈana)), or LSV, is a sign language used by deaf people in the Valencian Community, Spain.	Valencian Sign Language	Spain
country	Thai Sikh International School (TSIS) is an international school in Samrong, Mueang Samut Prakan District, Samut Prakan Province, Thailand in the Bangkok Metropolitan Area.	Thai Sikh International School	Thailand
country	Dolenja Žaga (pronounced (dɔˈleːnja ˈʒaːɡa); in older sources also Spodnja Žaga, German: Unterschaga) is an abandoned settlement on the left bank of the Kolpa River north of Kostel in southern Slovenia.	Dolenja Žaga	Slovenia
country	Skepsis or Scepsis (Ancient Greek: Σκέψις) was an ancient settlement in the Troad, Asia Minor that is at the present site of the village of Kurşunlutepe, near the town of Bayramiç in Turkey.	Skepsis	Turkey
country	Hat Yai International Airport (Thai: ท่าอากาศยานหาดใหญ่) (IATA: HDY, ICAO: VTSS) is the major southern hub airport in Thailand near the city of Hat Yai.	Hat Yai International Airport	Thailand
country	The High Rocky Point is a coastal landmark, located on the south western coast of Tasmania, Australia.	High Rocky Point	Australia
country	Drežniške Ravne (pronounced (ˈdɾeːʒniʃkɛ ˈɾaːu̯nɛ); Italian: Raune di Dersenza) is a settlement in the Municipality of Kobarid in the Littoral region of Slovenia.	Drežniške Ravne	Slovenia
country	The Wilkins Highway is an east-west route across the Mid North region of South Australia.	Wilkins Highway	Australia
country	The Residency Group of Hotels is a hotel chain in southern India.	The Residency Group of Hotels	India
country	Dumari Kalan is a village in the Sitamarhi district of Bihar state, India.	Dumari Kalan	India
country	Malmijan (Persian: ملميجان‎, also Romanized as Malmījān, Mālīyān, and Malmīān) is a village in Gudarzi Rural District, Oshtorinan District, Borujerd County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Malmijan	Iran
country	Losuia Airport is an airport in Losuia, on the island of Kiriwina, Papua New Guinea.	Losuia Airport	Papua New Guinea
country	Otavi is a town of 4,000 inhabitants in the Otjozondjupa Region of central Namibia.	Otavi	Namibia
country	Kalateh-ye Ghuriha (Persian: كلاته غوريها‎, also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Ghūrīhā) is a village in Jamrud Rural District, in the Central District of Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Kalateh-ye Ghuriha	Iran
country	Hartavan (Armenian: Հարթավան, also Romanized as Hart’avan and Artavan; formerly, Karakilisa and Ghara-Kilisa) is a town in the Aragatsotn Province of Armenia.	Hartavan	Armenia
country	Lightning Lake is a lake located in E. C. Manning Provincial Park, British Columbia, Canada.	Lightning Lake	Canada
country	Bayan-Agt (Mongolian: Баян-Агт) is a sum (district) of Bulgan Province in northern Mongolia.	Bayan-Agt	Mongolia
country	The Ulan Moron (Mongolian: ᠤᠯᠠᠭᠠᠨᠮᠥᠷᠡᠨ, Ulaan Mörön, lit. ``Red River''; Chinese: 乌兰木伦, p Wūlánmùlún) or Tuotuo River (Chinese: 沱沱河, p Tuótuó Hé, lit. ``Tearful River'') is a river in Qinghai province in the People's Republic of China.	Ulan Moron	People's Republic of China
country	Kuala Klawang Memorial or Martin Lister Memorial is a memorial in Kuala Klawang, Jelebu, Negeri Sembilan, Malaysia, honouring Martin Lister, a British Resident in Negeri Sembilan.	Kuala Klawang Memorial	Malaysia
country	Gołków (ˈɡɔu̯kuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piaseczno, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Gołków	Poland
country	Mandurah (/ˈmændʒərə/ or /ˈmændʒrə/) is the second-largest city in Western Australia, located approximately 72 kilometres (45 mi) south of the state capital, Perth.	Mandurah	Australia
country	Falso Azufre is a complex volcano at the border of Argentina and Chile.	Falso Azufre	Argentina	Chile
country	Annone Veneto is a town in the province of Venice, Veneto, Italy, located near the Livenza river.	Annone Veneto	Italy
country	The Circuit Gilles Villeneuve is a motor racing circuit in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.	Circuit Gilles Villeneuve	Canada
country	Tudak-e Taqiabad (Persian: تودك تقي اباد‎, also Romanized as Tūdak-e Taqīābād; also known as Taqīābād, Toodak, and Tūdak) is a village in Taftan-e Jonubi Rural District, Nukabad District, Khash County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Tudak-e Taqiabad	Iran
country	ProCredit Bank DRCongo (PBD) is a commercial bank in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.	ProCredit Bank DRCongo	Democratic Republic of the Congo
country	Sint Pancras (West Frisian: Sundebankreas) is a town in the northwestern Netherlands.	Sint Pancras	Netherlands
country	Kafshgar Kola-ye Arateh (Persian: كفشگركلاارطه‎, also Romanized as Kafshgar Kolā-ye Araţeh and Kafshgar Kolā-ye Arţeh; also known as Kafshgar Kolā) is a village in Bisheh Sar Rural District, in the Central District of Qaem Shahr County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Kafshgar Kola-ye Arateh	Iran
country	Miłochów (miˈwɔxuf) (German: Nieder Giersdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świdnica, within Świdnica County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Miłochów	Poland
country	Aslan Duz (Persian: اصلاندوز‎, also Romanized as Aşlān Dūz and Aslandooz; also known as Aslāndūz Tepe) is a city in and the capital of Aslan Duz District, in Parsabad County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Aslan Duz	Iran
country	Aureus University School of Medicine (previously named All Saints University of Medicine) is a private university located in Oranjestad, Aruba, in the Caribbean.	Aureus University School of Medicine	Aruba
country	The 3rd arrondissement of Parakou is an arrondissement in the Borgou Department of Benin.	3rd arrondissement of Parakou	Benin
country	The Memorial Pier Cesare Baretti was a summer association football friendly tournament that took place in Saint-Vincent, Aosta, Turin (Italy), from 1988 to 1994.	Memorial Pier Cesare Baretti	Italy
country	The Central Makran Range is a mountain range in the Makran region, in southwestern section of Balochistan Province, in southwestern Pakistan.	Central Makran Range	Pakistan
country	Cadet College Fateh Jang is an established military prep school located in Attock, Pakistan.	Cadet College Fateh Jang	Pakistan
country	Tyuratam (Kazakh: Төретам, Töretam; Russian: Тюратам) is a station on the main Moscow to Tashkent railway, located in Kazakhstan.	Tyuratam	Kazakhstan
country	Villa Galicia is a small city in the state/region of Buenos Aires, Argentina which is located in the continent/region of South America.	Villa Galicia	Argentina
country	The Complex of Goguryeo Tombs (Complex of Koguryo Tombs) lie in North Korea.	Complex of Goguryeo Tombs	North Korea
country	Esfandiyarsara (Persian: اسفنديارسرا‎, also Romanized as Esfandīyārsarā) is a village in Tutaki Rural District, in the Central District of Siahkal County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Esfandiyarsara	Iran
country	Terebovlia (Ukrainian: Теребовля, Polish: Trembowla) is a small city in the Ternopil Oblast (province) of western Ukraine, and the administrative center of the Terebovlya Raion (district).	Terebovlia	Ukraine
country	The Lombok Strait (Indonesian: Selat Lombok), is a strait connecting the Java Sea to the Indian Ocean, and is located between the islands of Bali and Lombok in Indonesia.	Lombok Strait	Indonesia
country	The Convent of las Carmelitas de San José (Spanish: Convento de las Carmelitas de San José) is a Carmelite convent located in Guadalajara, Spain.	Convent of las Carmelitas de San José	Spain
country	Vättern is the second largest lake (by surface area) in Sweden, after Vänern and the fifth largest lake in Europe.	Vättern	Sweden
country	Mačvanski Pričinović (Serbian Cyrillic: Мачвански Причиновић) is a village in Serbia.	Mačvanski Pričinović	Serbia
country	Riihimäki (literally ``Drying barn hill'') is a town and municipality in the south of Finland, about 69 kilometres (43 mi) north of Helsinki and 109 kilometres (68 miles) southeast of Tampere.	Riihimäki	Finland
country	Pillars of Truth (Boutokaan Te Koaua) is a political party in Kiribati.	Pillars of Truth	Kiribati
country	Galatin (Bulgarian: Галатин) is a village located in northwestern Bulgaria.	Galatin	Bulgaria
country	Santiago Laxopa is a town and municipality in Oaxaca in south-western Mexico.	Santiago Laxopa	Mexico
country	Ydrousa (Greek: Υδρούσα) is a former municipality on the island of Andros, in the Cyclades, Greece.	Ydrousa	Greece
country	Piaseczno (pʲaˈsɛt͡ʂnɔ) is a town in central Poland with 43,540 inhabitants (2015).	Piaseczno	Poland
country	İkinci Çaylı (also, Çaylı, Chayly, and Chayly Vtoryye) is a village and municipality in the Shamakhi Rayon of Azerbaijan.	İkinci Çaylı	Azerbaijan
country	Portofino transmitter is a facility for FM-/AM-/TV-broadcasting near Portofino in Italy.	Portofino transmitter	Italy
country	The Temple of Hercules Victor ('Hercules the Winner') (Italian: Tempio di Ercole Vincitore) or Hercules Olivarius is an ancient edifice located in Piazza Bocca della Verità, in the area of the Forum Boarium close to the Tiber in Rome (Italy).	Temple of Hercules Victor	Italy
country	The Otoro River, also known as the Grande de Otoro River, is a river in Honduras which begins in the department of Intibucá and then becomes the Ulúa River in the Santa Barbara Department.	Otoro River	Honduras
country	Pomanda Island is a low-lying island of an area of 34 hectares (84 acres) located in South Australia within Lake Alexandrina about 87 kilometres (54 mi) southeast of the Adelaide city centre and 12 kilometres (7.5 mi) south of the town of Wellington.	Pomanda Island	Australia
country	The Hwange Thermal Power Station is the biggest power plant in Zimbabwe with an installed capacity of 920 MW.	Hwange Thermal Power Station	Zimbabwe
country	Kokumbona (also Kakambona) is a village on the island of Guadalcanal in the Solomon Islands.	Kokumbona	Solomon Islands
country	Burtinle (Somali: Burtiinle), also known as Bur Tinle, is a small town in the Nugal province of the autonomous Puntland region in northeastern Somalia.	Burtinle	Somalia
country	Oruj (Persian: اروج‎, also Romanized as Orūj; also known as Oruch, Orudzh, Owrūj, Ūroj, and Ūrūj) is a village in Nowjeh Mehr Rural District, Siah Rud District, Jolfa County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Oruj	Iran
country	Bunratty Upper is a barony in County Clare, Ireland.	Bunratty Upper	Ireland
country	Teesta Bazaar is a small town located 4 km (2.5 mi) downstream from the town of Melli on the right bank of Teesta River in Darjeeling district of the state of West Bengal, India.	Teesta Bazaar	India
country	Saint-Mathias Water Aerodrome, (TC LID: CSV9), is located 1 nautical mile (1.9 km; 1.2 mi) north of Saint-Mathias-sur-Richelieu on the Richelieu River, Quebec, Canada.	Saint-Mathias Water Aerodrome	Canada
country	Rouyn-Noranda (2011 population 41,012) is a city on Osisko Lake in southwestern Quebec, Canada.	Rouyn-Noranda	Canada
country	Taciewo (taˈt͡ɕevɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Suwałki, within Suwałki County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Taciewo	Poland
country	The Consolidated Pastoral Company (CPC) is a large, privately owned, Australian Agrifood business which operates 20 cattle stations covering over 5.8m hectares, managing more than 370,000 cattle, in Western Australia, the Northern Territory and Queensland.	Consolidated Pastoral Company	Australia
country	Persona Communications, formerly Regional Cablesystems, was a cable television, Internet and telecommunications provider in Canada.	Persona Communications	Canada
country	The Royal St George's Golf Club located in Sandwich, Kent, England is one of the premier golf clubs in the United Kingdom, and one of the courses on The Open Championship rotation.	Royal St George's Golf Club	United Kingdom
country	The Ermita de la Virgen del Val is a hermitage located in Montejo de Tiermes, Spain south of the province of Soria.	Ermita de la Virgen del Val	Spain
country	Romainmôtier is a village and former municipality in the district of Orbe in the canton of Vaud, Switzerland.	Romainmôtier	Switzerland
country	Khenejin (Persian: خنجين‎‎, also Romanized as Khenejīn, Khanājīn, Khānājin, Khanjīn, Khenjīn, Farahan , and Khon Jīn) is a village in Khenejin Rural District, in the Central District of Farahan County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Khenejin	Iran
country	The Möljä Bridge (Finnish: Möljän silta) is a concrete beam bridge over the Toppilansalmi strait in Oulu, Finland.	Möljä Bridge	Finland
country	Devarayanadurga (Kannada: ದೇವರಾಯನ ದುರ್ಗ) is a hill station near Tumkur in the state of Karnataka in India.	Devarayanadurga	India
country	Eisenach Charterhouse (German: Kartause Eisenach) is a former charterhouse, or Carthusian monastery, in Eisenach in Thüringen, Germany, founded in 1378 and suppressed in 1525.	Eisenach Charterhouse	Germany
country	Galović (Serbian Cyrillic: Галовић) is a village in Serbia.	Galović	Serbia
country	Lay Nưa is a commune (xã) of Mường Lay in Điện Biên Province, northwestern Vietnam.	Lay Nưa	Vietnam
country	Duta Wacana Christian University (DWCU) or Universitas Kristen Duta Wacana (UKDW) is a private university in Yogyakarta, central of Java island, Indonesia.	Duta Wacana Christian University	Indonesia
country	Kerkini (Greek: Κερκίνη) is a village and a former municipality in the Serres regional unit, Greece.	Kerkini	Greece
country	Sang-e Pir (Persian: سنگ پير‎, also Romanized as Sang-e Pīr) is a village in Kuhpayeh Rural District Rural District, in the Central District of Bardaskan County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Sang-e Pir	Iran
country	The Kitlope Range is a small subrange of the Kitimat Ranges, located southeast of Kitlope Lake in British Columbia, Canada.	Kitlope Range	Canada
country	Easwari Engineering College (EEC), a division of Sri Ramaswamy Memorial (SRM) Group of Educational Institutions for higher learning, was instituted in 1996, with the approval of the government of Tamil Nadu and AICTE (All India Council for Technical Education), New Delhi.	Easwari Engineering College	India
country	Sar Dul (Persian: سردول‎, also Romanized as Sar Dūl) is a village in Kiyaras Rural District, in the Central District of Gotvand County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Sar Dul	Iran
country	Şıxakəran (also, Şıxəkəran, Shikhakeran'', and Shykhakeran) is a village and municipality in the Lankaran Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Şıxakəran	Azerbaijan
country	Karut (Armenian: Քարուտ; formerly, Kyurut Armenian: Քյուրուտ and earlier Kahurt) is a village and former rural community, now part of the community of Geghi, Syunik Province, Armenia.	Karut	Armenia
country	Rozheve (Ukrainian: Рожеве, German: Rozenburg or Rosenburg, Polish: Rożewo) is a village (selo) in Staryi Sambir Raion, Lviv Oblast, in west Ukraine.	Rozheve	Ukraine
country	Vila Olímpia also contains the E-Tower, the 5th highest skyskraper in the city and the 12th highest in Brazil.	Vila Olímpia	Brazil
country	Colombo Lighthouse is a Lighthouse in Colombo in Sri Lanka and it is operated and maintained by the Sri Lanka Ports Authority.	Colombo Lighthouse	Sri Lanka
country	Osredke (pronounced (ɔˈsɾeːtkɛ)) is a dispersed settlement north of Dolsko in the Municipality of Dol pri Ljubljani in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Osredke	Slovenia
country	Infobae.com is primarily viewed in Argentina followed by Venezuela, Mexico, Spain and the United States.	Infobae	Argentina
country	Omandongo is an unpopulated place in the Onayena Constituency in the Oshikoto Region in Northern Namibia, and the region which formerly was called Ovamboland.	Omandongo	Namibia
country	Tardal is a small village in Kolhapur district, India	Tardal	India
country	Nifiloli is an island in the Reef Islands (Latitude: 10° 10' 60 S, Longitude: 166° 13' 60 E), in the Solomon Islands province of Temotu.	Nifiloli	Solomon Islands
country	Grimsholmen is a nature reserve in Falkenberg Municipality, Halland County, Sweden.	Grimsholmen	Sweden
country	Wagnerówka (vaɡnɛˈrufka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bogoria, within Staszów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Wagnerówka	Poland
country	Qaçaq Kərəm (until 1992, Oraq-Çəkic) is a village in the municipality of Xətai in the Agstafa Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Qaçaq Kərəm	Azerbaijan
country	Jyrgalan is the only urban-type settlement in the Ak-Suu District of Issyk Kul Province of Kyrgyzstan.	Jyrgalan	Kyrgyzstan
country	Calauit Safari Park is a game reserve and wildlife sanctuary located in Calauit Island, a 3,700 hectare island in the Calamian Islands chain that lies off the coast of Palawan in the MIMAROPA region of the Philippines.	Calauit Safari Park	Philippines
country	Punta Brava Lighthouse (Faro de Punta Brava), also known as Punta Carretas Lighthouse, is a lighthouse in Punta Carretas, Montevideo, Uruguay.	Punta Brava Lighthouse	Uruguay
country	Lazılar (also, Lazylar) is a village in the Tovuz Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Lazılar	Azerbaijan
country	The Guelph Mercury was an English language daily newspaper published in Guelph, Ontario, Canada.	Guelph Mercury	Canada
country	Qomishlu (Persian: قميشلو‎, also Romanized as Qomīshlū and Qamīshlū; also known as Qameshlū and Qomeshlū) is a village in Hamgin Rural District, in the Central District of Dehaqan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Qomishlu	Iran
country	Kondeh Sukhteh (Persian: كنده سوخته‎, also Romanized as Kondeh Sūkhteh) is a village in Jannatabad Rural District, Salehabad District, Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Kondeh Sukhteh	Iran
country	The Tempa Rossa oil field is an oil field located in the region of the Southern Apennines in Italy.	Tempa Rossa oil field	Italy
country	Dekese Airport (ICAO: FZVT) is an airport serving the community of Dekese in Kasai-Occidental Province, Democratic Republic of the Congo.	Dekese Airport	Democratic Republic of the Congo
country	Fossanova Abbey, earlier Fossa Nuova, is a Cistercian monastery in Italy, in the province of Latina, near the railway-station of Priverno, about 100 kilometres (62 mi) south-east of Rome.	Fossanova Abbey	Italy
country	Õru Parish is a rural municipality in Valga County, Estonia.	Õru Parish	Estonia
country	Southern Fleurieu wine region is a wine region in South Australia that is located on the Fleurieu Peninsula and the portion of the Mount Lofty Ranges extending north east from the peninsula to near Willunga in the west and to near Ashbourne in the east.	Southern Fleurieu wine region	Australia
country	Biesowo (bjɛˈsɔvɔ) (German: Groß Bössau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biskupiec, within Olsztyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Biesowo	Poland
country	Pelican Lagoon is a seawater lagoon located on the north coast of Kangaroo Island, South Australia about 18.7 kilometres (11.6 mi) south east of Kingscote.	Pelican Lagoon	Australia
country	Szydłów Synagogue was an Orthodox Judaism synagogue in Szydłów, Poland.	Szydłów Synagogue	Poland
country	Lancebranlette (Italian: Lancebranlette) is a mountain of Savoie, France and of Aosta Valley, Italy.	Lancebranlette	Italy
country	Ubiad (ˈubjat) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chełmiec, within Nowy Sącz County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Ubiad	Poland
country	Rashvan (Persian: رشوان‎, also Romanized as Rashvān) is a village in Raviz Rural District, Koshkuiyeh District, Rafsanjan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Rashvan	Iran
country	Laran District (Persian: بخش لاران‎) is a district (bakhsh) in Shahrekord County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Laran District	Iran
country	Guy Trédaniel is a French publisher who founded in 1974 Editions Guy Trédaniel, a printing company based in Paris, France.	Guy Trédaniel	France
country	Karihaugen is a neighbourhood in the residential area of Ellingsrud in Oslo, Norway.	Karihaugen	Norway
country	Malla Jawira (Aymara malla lead, jawira river, ``lead river'', hispanicized spelling Malla Jahuira) is a river in the La Paz Department in Bolivia.	Malla Jawira	Bolivia
country	Qeshlaq-e Jadid (Persian: قشلاق جديد‎, also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Jadīd; also known as Owch Āghel and Ūchāghel) is a village in Qeshlaq Rural District, in the Central District of Ahar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Qeshlaq-e Jadid	Iran
country	Iligan Computer Institute is a technical school in the Philippines.	Iligan Computer Institute	Philippines
country	In February 2010 shareholders of Rosbank agreed to consolidate Societe Generale assets in Russia, Rosbank, Bank Société Générale Vostok (BSGV) and two other entities:	Rosbank	Russia
country	Marzbon (Persian: مرزبن‎; also known as Marzīn) is a village in Khormarud-e Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Azadshahr County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Marzbon	Iran
country	La Yeguada (also known as Chitra-Calobre) is a massive stratovolcano located in Veraguas Province, Panama, north of the Azuero Peninsula.	La Yeguada	Panama
country	Grafarvogur (Icelandic pronunciation: (ˈkraːvarˌvɔːɣʏr̥)) is among the largest residential districts of Reykjavík, Iceland.	Grafarvogur	Iceland
country	Pit Sara (Persian: پيت سرا‎, also Romanized as Pīt Sarā; also known as Pītsareh and Pīt Sūreh) is a village in Rastupey Rural District, in the Central District of Savadkuh County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Pit Sara	Iran
country	Perlat is a village in the former municipality of Kthellë in the Lezhë County, northwestern Albania.	Perlat	Albania
country	La Brasserie de la Senne or De Zennebrouwerij is a brewery in the municipality of Sint-Jans-Molenbeek in Brussels, Belgium, named for the river Zenne which flows through the city.	Brasserie de la Senne	Belgium
country	Gimigliano is a comune and town in the province of Catanzaro in the Calabria region of southern Italy.	Gimigliano	Italy
country	Çisti Klyuç (also, Chistyy Klyuch) is a village in the Khizi Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Çisti Klyuç	Azerbaijan
country	Odzi is a village within the province of Manicaland, Zimbabwe located 32 km west of Mutare just off the main Harare-Mutare road.	Odzi	Zimbabwe
country	Verpete (pronounced (ˈʋɛːɾpɛtɛ)) is a settlement in the Municipality of Vojnik in eastern Slovenia.	Verpete	Slovenia
country	Paillant (Haitian Creole: Payan) is a commune in the Miragoâne Arrondissement, in the Nippes Department of Haiti.	Paillant	Haiti
country	Truro-Bible Hill-Millbrook-Salmon River is a provincial electoral district in Nova Scotia, Canada, that elects one member to the Nova Scotia House of Assembly.	Truro-Bible Hill-Millbrook-Salmon River	Canada
country	Aidhausen is a municipality in the district of Haßberge in Bavaria in Germany, it is a member of the Verwaltungsgemeinschaft Hofheim in Unterfranken.	Aidhausen	Germany
country	Le Bodéo (Breton: Bodeoù, Gallo: Le Bodéo) is a commune in the Côtes-d'Armor department of Brittany in north-western France.	Le Bodéo	France
country	Halewood Academy is a secondary school in Halewood, Merseyside, United Kingdom with 1050 students.	Halewood Academy	United Kingdom
country	Rapotice is a village and municipality (obec) in Třebíč District in the Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic.	Rapotice	Czech Republic
country	Bojanji Vrh (pronounced (bɔˈjaːnji ˈʋəɾx); German: Bojanwerch) is a small settlement northeast of Muljava in the Municipality of Ivančna Gorica in central Slovenia.	Bojanji Vrh	Slovenia
country	Golden Bay / Mohua is a shallow, paraboloid shaped bay at the northwest end of New Zealand's South Island.	Golden Bay	New Zealand
country	Mamo Tower (Maltese: Torri Mamo), also known as San Tommaso Tower (Maltese: Torri Ta' Mamu), is a fortified residence in Marsaskala, Malta.	Mamo Tower	Malta
country	Kashmor or Kashmore (Sindhi: ڪشمور‎) (Urdu: کشمور‎), is a town, a tehsil and the administrative centre for Kashmor District in the Sindh Province of Pakistan.	Kashmore	Pakistan
country	Nature's Valley is a holiday resort and small village on the Garden Route along the southern Cape coast of South Africa.	Nature's Valley	South Africa
country	Artesa de Lleida is a village in the comarca of Segrià and autonomous community of Catalonia, Spain.	Artesa de Lleida	Spain
country	Nsambya is a hill in the center of Kampala, the capital and largest city in Uganda.	Nsambya	Uganda
country	It was conceded that the newly formed Weimar Republic did need a military, so on 6 March 1919 a decree established the Vorläufige Reichswehr (``Provisional National Defence''), consisting of a Vorläufige Reichsheer (``Provisional National Army'') and a Vorläufige Reichsmarine (``Provisional National Navy'').	Reichswehr	Weimar Republic
country	In south west of France, facing the Atlantic Ocean, ``la Côte des Landes'' is limited at its north by Arcachon Bay and at its south by the Adour river mouth.	Côte des Landes	France
country	Appennino Tosco-Emiliano National Park is a state-held natural preserve in Northern and central Italy, located in the heart of an area noted for natural features and for the local quality products and handicrafts.	Appennino Tosco-Emiliano National Park	Italy
country	Sentinum was an ancient town currently located in the Marche region of Italy.	Sentinum	Italy
country	Juben (Persian: جوبن‎, also Romanized as Jūben, Jooban, Jowbon, Jūban, and Jūbon; also known as Dzhuban and Jūbīn) is a village in Rostamabad-e Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Rudbar County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Juben	Iran
country	The KNVB District Cup (Dutch: Districtsbeker) is a cup competition for amateur football clubs in the Netherlands.	KNVB District Cup	Netherlands
country	Gbelce (Hungarian: Köbölkút) is a municipality and village in the Nové Zámky District in the Nitra Region of south-west Slovakia.	Gbelce	Slovakia
country	The Oesling or Ösling (Luxembourgish: Éislek) is a region covering the northern part of both the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and Eifelkreis Bitburg-Prüm, within the greater Ardennes area that also covers parts of Belgium and France.	Oesling	Luxembourg
country	Zargarly (also, Zargarli and Zargyarli) is a village in the Khizi Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Zargarly	Azerbaijan
country	The names ``Joe Bloggs'' and ``Fred Bloggs'' are commonly used as placeholder names in the United Kingdom, Australia and New Zealand, for teaching, programming, and other thinking and writing.	Joe Bloggs	United Kingdom
country	Los Odio! is a Mexican rock band from Mexico City formed by musicians who already are important in Mexican music scene.	Los Odio!	Mexico
country	Rayside-Balfour (1996 census population 16,050) was a town in Ontario, Canada, which existed from 1973 to 2000.	Rayside-Balfour	Canada
country	Sault Ste. Marie/Partridge Point Water Aerodrome (TC LID: CNV7) is adjacent to Sault Ste. Marie, Ontario, Canada.	Sault Ste. Marie/Partridge Point Water Aerodrome	Canada
country	The Church of St. Stephen Harding in Apátistvánfalva or Apátistvánfalvian Church (Hungarian: Apátistvánfalvai Harding Szent István templom, Slovene: Cerkev Svetega Štefana v Števanovci Prekmurian: Števanovska cerkev Svétoga Števana Hardinga) is a Baroque Roman Catholic Church in the village of Apátistvánfalva (Števanovci), Hungary.	Church of St. Stephen Harding in Apátistvánfalva	Hungary
country	Bodzewko Pierwsze (bɔˈd͡zɛfkɔ ˈpjɛrfʂɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piaski, within Gostyń County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Bodzewko Pierwsze	Poland
country	Otteri (Tamil: ஓட்டேரி), is a developed residential area in Central Chennai, a metropolitan city in Tamil Nadu, India	Otteri	India
country	Narromine is a town located about 40 kilometres (25 mi) west of Dubbo in the Orana region of New South Wales, Australia.	Narromine	Australia
country	Kisbarátpuszta is an uninhabited part of Szabadegyháza in the Subregion of Adony, Fejér County, Hungary.	Kisbarátpuszta	Hungary
country	Otumoetai is a major suburb of the city of Tauranga in the Bay of Plenty region of New Zealand.	Otumoetai	New Zealand
country	The Jožef Stefan Institute (IJS) (Slovene: Institut ``Jožef Stefan'') is the largest research institute in Slovenia.	Jožef Stefan Institute	Slovenia
country	Bodø Cathedral (Norwegian: Bodø domkirke) is a cathedral in the municipality of Bodø in Nordland county, Norway.	Bodø Cathedral	Norway
country	Holiare (Hungarian: Gellér, Hungarian pronunciation:(ˈɡɛlleːr)) is a village and municipality in the Komárno District in the Nitra Region of south-west Slovakia.	Holiare	Slovakia
country	Firozkoh (Persian/Pashto: فیروزکوه, Fīrōzkōh), or Turquoise Mountain, is the lost capital of the Ghorid dynasty, in the Ghor Province of central Afghanistan.	Firozkoh	Afghanistan
country	The Sitina Tunnel (alternatives Sitiny Tunnel or Františka Tunnel) is a motorway tunnel in Bratislava, Slovakia on the D2 motorway at the ``Lamačská cesta - Staré grunty'' section.	Sitina Tunnel	Slovakia
country	Valathi, also known as Valathy, (வளத்தி) is a village in Gingee assembly constituency, Villupuram district, in the state of Tamil Nadu, India.	Valathi	India
country	Unchi Bassi is a small town in Hoshiarpur district in the state of Punjab, India.	Unchi Bassi	India
country	The Equestrian monument to General Manuel Belgrano is a landmark of Buenos Aires, Argentina.	Equestrian monument to General Manuel Belgrano	Argentina
country	The Crucible of Iron Age Shetland is a combination of three sites in Shetland that have applied to be on the United Kingdom ``Tentative List'' of possible nominations for the UNESCO World Heritage Programme list of sites of outstanding cultural or natural importance to the common heritage of humankind.	The Crucible of Iron Age Shetland	United Kingdom
country	Kłopoty-Bujny (kwɔˈpɔtɨ ˈbui̯nɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siemiatycze, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Kłopoty-Bujny	Poland
country	Delany College is a Roman Catholic, co-educational Secondary day school, located in Granville, a western suburb of Sydney, New South Wales, Australia.	Delany College	Australia
country	Miles Airport or Aerodrome (IATA: WLE, ICAO: YMLS) is an airport serving the small towns of Miles and Condamine, and surrounding rural residents in Queensland, Australia.	Miles Airport	Australia
country	Cubará is a town and municipality in Boyacá Department, Colombia also referred to as the Boyacá Frontier District for sharing an international border with the Bolivarian Republic of Venezuela.	Cubará	Colombia
country	Teaterladan (The barn theatre), officially Hedemora Gamla Theater (old Swedish spelling of Old Theatre of Hedemora), is a theatre and a listed building in Hedemora, Dalarna County, Sweden.	Hedemora Gamla Theater	Sweden
country	Lefaga is a village district on the south west coast of the island of Upolu in Samoa.	Lefaga	Samoa
country	Magdalensberg (Slovene: Štalenska gora) is a municipality in the district of Klagenfurt-Land in Carinthia in Austria.	Magdalensberg	Austria
country	Slettmarkhøe is a mountain close to the southern border of Jotunheimen National Park, in Oppland, Norway.	Slettmarkhøe	Norway
country	Asian Highway 11 (AH11) is a road in the Asian Highway Network running 1567 km from Vientiane, Laos to Sihanoukville, Cambodia connecting AH12 to AH1 and continuing to Gulf of Thailand's coast.	AH11	Laos	Cambodia
country	Langlütjen is the name of the two uninhabited artificial islands created in the 19th century, Langlütjen I and Langlütjen II, in the north off the coast of the district Wesermarsch in Lower Saxony, Germany.	Langlütjen	Germany
country	Al-Khreibat (Arabic: الخريبات‎, also spelled Kharibat or Khuraybat) is a village and suburb in northwestern Syria, administratively part of the Tartus Governorate, located southeast of Tartus.	Al-Khreibat	Syria
country	Froland Station (Norwegian: Froland holdeplass) is a railway station in Froland, Norway.	Froland Station	Norway
country	Gołańcz Pomorska (ˈɡɔwaɲt͡ʂ pɔˈmɔrska) (formerly German Glansee) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzebiatów, within Gryfice County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Gołańcz Pomorska	Poland
country	Háaleiti og Bústaðir (Icelandic pronunciation: (ˈhauːaˌleiːtʰɪ ɔɣ ˈpuːˌstaːðɪr̥)) is a district of Reykjavík, the capital of Iceland.	Háaleiti og Bústaðir	Iceland
country	Roseau (Kwéyòl: Wozo) is the capital and largest city of Dominica, with a population of 16,582.	Roseau	Dominica
country	Goriča Vas (pronounced (ɡɔˈɾiːtʃa ˈʋaːs); Slovene: Goriča vas, German: Weikersdorf) is a village in the Municipality of Ribnica in southern Slovenia.	Goriča Vas	Slovenia
country	Amidabad-e Sofla (Persian: عميدابادسفلي‎, also Romanized as ʿAmīdābād-e Soflá; also known as Amīdābād-e Paeen) is a village in Darmian Rural District, in the Central District of Darmian County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Amidabad-e Sofla	Iran
country	The Communist Party of Peru (Spanish: Partido Comunista del Perú), more commonly known as the Shining Path (Sendero Luminoso), is a Maoist guerrilla insurgent organization in Peru.	Shining Path	Peru
country	Veľké Úľany (Hungarian: Nagyfödémes) is a large village and municipality in Galanta District of the Trnava Region of south-west Slovakia.	Veľké Úľany	Slovakia
country	The Tour Down Under is a cycling race in and around Adelaide, South Australia.	Tour Down Under	Australia
country	Sarvabad County (Persian: شهرستان سروآباد‎) is a county in Kordestan Province in Iran.	Sarvabad County	Iran
country	The Brotherhood of St. Andrew is an international lay Christian religious organization with historical roots in the Episcopal Church in the United States of America.	Brotherhood of St. Andrew	United States of America
country	Ripapa Island, also known locally as Ripa Island, just off the shore of Lyttelton Harbour (Whakaraupo) has played many roles in the history of New Zealand.	Ripapa Island	New Zealand
country	The Christoffelberg, also known as Mt Christoffel or Mt St Christoffel, named after Saint Christopher, is the highest point on Curaçao.	Christoffelberg	Curaçao
country	Dinagat Sound is an arm of the Philippine Sea that separates the islands of Dinagat and Siargao, in the northeastern portion of Mindanao in the Philippines.	Dinagat Sound	Philippines
country	Griekwastad (Afrikaans for ``Griqua city'') is a country town in South Africa.	Griekwastad	South Africa
country	The Ciudad Encantada ('Enchanted City') is a geological site near the city of Cuenca, in the autonomous community of Castilla-La Mancha, Spain in which the erosive forces of weather and the waters of the nearby Júcar river have formed rocks into distinctive and memorable shapes.	Ciudad Encantada	Spain
country	Narym (Russian: Нарым, Selkup for marsh) is a village (selo) in Parabelsky District of Tomsk Oblast, Russia, located on the banks of the Ob River near its confluence with the Ket River, 25 kilometers (16 mi) from the village of Parabel.	Narym	Russia
country	Hai Mjini is a ward in the Hai District of the Kilimanjaro Region of Tanzania.	Hai Mjini	Tanzania
country	The Asseb Volcano is a volcanic field located in the Southern Red Sea region of Eritrea.	Asseb Volcano	Eritrea
country	Rejsekort (Official translation: TRAVEL CARD) is an electronic ticket system for public transport in Denmark.	Rejsekort	Denmark
country	Jarużyn-Kolonia (jaˈruʐɨn kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osielsko, within Bydgoszcz County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Jarużyn-Kolonia	Poland
country	Lake Plastiras (Greek: Λίμνη Πλαστήρα) also called Tavropos Reservoir (Greek: Τεχνητή Λίμνη Ταυρωπού) is an artificial lake fed by Tavropos (Megdovas) river, located in Karditsa regional unit, near the city of Karditsa, Greece.	Lake Plastiras	Greece
country	Dognecea (Hungarian: Dognácska) is a commune in Caraş-Severin County, western Romania with a population of 2,044 people.	Dognecea	Romania
country	Sir Banu (Persian: سيربانو‎, also Romanized as Sīr Bānū; also known as Qal``eh-ye Sīr Bānū) is a village in Ahmadabad Rural District, Hasanabad District, Eqlid County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 98, in 23 families.	Sir Banu	Iran
country	Al-Kadir (Arabic: الكدير‎, also spelled al-Kader) is a village in eastern Syria, administratively part of the Homs Governorate.	Al-Kadir	Syria
country	Maltahöhe is a village in southern central Namibia close to the Swartrand escarpment, about 110 km west of Mariental in the Hardap Region.	Maltahöhe	Namibia
country	Saint John's Cavalier (Maltese: Kavallier ta' San Ġwann) is a 16th-century cavalier in Valletta, Malta, which was built by the Order of St. John.	Saint John's Cavalier	Malta
country	Wierchomla Wielka (vʲɛrˈxɔmla ˈvʲɛlka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piwniczna-Zdrój, within Nowy Sącz County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland, close to the border with Slovakia.	Wierchomla Wielka	Poland
country	Gioia del Colle (pronounced (ˈdʒɔːja del ˈkɔlle)) is a town and comune of the Metropolitan City of Bari, Apulia, southern Italy.	Gioia del Colle	Italy
country	Tagaytay, officially the City of Tagaytay (Filipino: Lungsod ng Tagaytay), is a component city in the province of Cavite, in the Philippines.	Tagaytay	Philippines
country	Shahrak-e Shahid Nowruzian (Persian: شهرك شهيدنوروزيان‎, also Romanized as Shahrak-e Shahīd Nowrūzīān) is a village in Kolijan Rostaq-e Olya Rural District, Kolijan Rostaq District, Sari County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Shahrak-e Shahid Nowruzian	Iran
country	The Museo de Arte Sagrado (English: Museum of Sacred Art) is a religious art museum located in Santiago, Chile.	Museo de Arte Sagrado	Chile
country	Synelnykove (Ukrainian: Синельникове; Russian: Синельниково) is a small city in Dnipropetrovsk Oblast (province) of Ukraine.	Synelnykove	Ukraine
country	Sangkulirang is a town and sub district of East Kalimantan, Indonesia.	Sangkulirang	Indonesia
country	Watergrasshill (Irish: Cnocan na Biolrai (Watercress Hill)) is a small village in north east County Cork, Province of Munster, Ireland.	Watergrasshill	Ireland
country	Kummersdorf is the name of an estate near Luckenwalde at 52°05′N 13°20′E, around 25 km south of Berlin, in the Brandenburg region of Germany.	Kummersdorf	Germany
country	Piedras Negras International Airport (IATA: PDS, ICAO: MMPG) is an international airport located at Piedras Negras, Coahuila, Mexico, near the U.S.-Mexico border.	Piedras Negras International Airport	Mexico
country	Hi-Tech Medical College, Rourkela is a medical school in India.	Hi-Tech Medical College, Rourkela	India
country	Mala Brda (pronounced (ˈmaːla ˈbəɾda)) is a small settlement west of Postojna, just off the road towards Razdrto, in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.	Mala Brda	Slovenia
country	Kampung Bechah Resak is a village located in the district of Tumpat, Kelantan in Malaysia.	Kampung Bechah Resak	Malaysia
country	Villa Gesell is a seaside village in Villa Gesell Partido, Buenos Aires Province, Argentina.	Villa Gesell	Argentina
country	Mazraeh-ye Ayzadi (Persian: مزرعه ايزدي‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Āyzadī) is a village in Surmaq Rural District, in the Central District of Abadeh County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.	Mazraeh-ye Ayzadi	Iran
country	First Calgary Financial is a member-owned financial institution based out of Calgary, Alberta, Canada.	First Calgary Financial	Canada
country	Dobrá Voda u Českých Budějovic (German Gutwasser) is a village and municipality (obec) in České Budějovice District in the South Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.	Dobrá Voda u Českých Budějovic	Czech Republic
country	Logovardi Airport (Macedonian: Аеродром Логоварди, Aerodrom Logovardi) is an airport that stretches nearly 9 km (6 mi) and is located in Bitola, Republic of Macedonia.	Logovardi Airport	Macedonia
country	Eshbol (Hebrew: אֶשְׁבּוֹל, lit. Spadix) is a moshav in southern Israel.	Eshbol	Israel
country	The Lomellina (Western Lombard: Ümlína/Lümelína) is a geographical and historical area in the Pianura Padana (Po River's valley) of northern Italy, located in south-western Lombardy between the Sesia, Po and Ticino rivers.	Lomellina	Italy
country	Dolenji Radenci (pronounced (dɔˈleːnji ɾaˈdeːntsi); German: Unterradenze) is a small settlement on the left bank of the Kolpa River in the Municipality of Črnomelj in the White Carniola area of southeastern Slovenia.	Dolenji Radenci	Slovenia
country	Jairampur is an ADC HQ of Changlang district (situated in the southeastern part of Arunachal Pradesh, North East India).	Jairampur	India
country	Comecayo is a Salvadoran town located in the municipality of Santa Ana, El Salvador.	Comecayo	El Salvador
country	Cubillas de los Oteros (Spanish pronunciation: (kuˈβiʎaz ðe los oˈteɾos)) is a municipality located in the province of León, Castile and León, Spain.	Cubillas de los Oteros	Spain
country	Redžići (Cyrillic: Реџићи) is a village in the municipality of Konjic, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Redžići	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Downsview is an area in the north end of Toronto, Ontario, Canada, located in the district of North York.	Downsview	Canada
country	The Lesser Slave River (Cree Iyaghchi Eennu Sepe, translation: ``River of the Strange People'') is a river in central Alberta, Canada.	Lesser Slave River	Canada
country	Interac serves as the Canadian debit card system, as the traditional debit card providers (Visa and MasterCard) rarely provide debit cards in Canada.	Interac	Canada
country	Lagina (Greek: Λαγίνα) is an ancient cult site of important archaeological and tourist value dating from the Carian period and extended under the Seleucid kings that is situated in southwestern Turkey (adjacent to Turgut, a municipality in the Muğla Province) and which is famous for its Hekate Sanctuary.	Lagina	Turkey
country	North Cowichan (Canada 2011 Census population 28,807) is a District municipality established in 1873 located on Vancouver Island in British Columbia, Canada.	North Cowichan	Canada
country	Kotagudda is village and mandal in Pavagada tq, Tumkur district, state of Karnataka in India, it is situated 13 km away from pavagada, grama panchayat includes shaila pur arakyathan halli and more villages.there is road which connects to Chitradurga and YN hosakote, the population around 3000.	Kotagudda	India
country	Malaybalay Airport, also known as Malaybalay Airstrip, is the defunct-airport that used to serve general aviation in the area of Malaybalay, the capital city of Bukidnon in the Philippines.	Malaybalay Airport	Philippines
country	Sardasht County (Persian: شهرستان سردشت‎) is a county in West Azerbaijan Province in Iran.	Sardasht County	Iran
country	Greetingman (Korean: 그리팅맨) is a modern sculpture project in South Korea.	Greetingman	South Korea
country	The Heights Observatory (also known as the Adelaide Observatory) is an Astronomical Observatory at The Heights School in Modbury Heights, Adelaide, South Australia.	The Heights Observatory	Australia
country	Sakeneh (Persian: ساكنه‎, also Romanized as Sākeneh) is a village in Bilavar Rural District, in the Central District of Kamyaran County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Sakeneh	Iran
country	Azaria (Hebrew: עֲזַרְיָה), or Azarya is a moshav in central Israel.	Azaria	Israel
country	Vigelsø is a small, uninhabited island in Odense Fjord, off the coast of Funen, Denmark.	Vigelsø	Denmark
country	The northern boundaries for the Korean Peninsula are commonly (and tacitly) taken to coincide with today's political borders between North Korea and its northern neighbors, China (1,416 km (880 mi) along the provinces of Jilin and Liaoning) and Russia (19 km (12 mi)).	Korean Peninsula	North Korea
country	Dodiongan Falls is a 20-metre (65.5 ft) high waterfall located in Barangay Bonbonon, 14 km away from Iligan City in Lanao del Norte province of the Philippines.	Dodiongan Falls	Philippines
country	Augustów Primeval Forest or Augustów Forest (Polish: Puszcza Augustowska, Lithuanian: Augustavo giria, Belarusian: Аўгустоўская пушча) is a large virgin forest complex located in Poland as well as in northern Belarus and southeastern Lithuania.	Augustów Primeval Forest	Poland	Belarus
country	Wola Przybysławska (ˈvɔla pʂɨbɨˈswafska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Garbów, within Lublin County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Wola Przybysławska	Poland
country	The Deutsches Zweirad- und NSU-Museum in Neckarsulm, Germany has a collection of historic motorcycles and bicycles in a five-story split-level building dating to 13th Century.	Deutsches Zweirad- und NSU-Museum	Germany
country	The Lisbon Metro (Portuguese: Metropolitano de Lisboa) is the metro (subway) system of Lisbon, Portugal.	Lisbon Metro	Portugal
country	Kuhsar District (Persian: بخش کوهسار‎) is a district (bakhsh) in Salmas County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Kuhsar District	Iran
country	Windebyer Noor (Danish: Vindeby Nor) is a lake in Kreis Rendsburg-Eckernförde, Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.	Windebyer Noor	Germany
country	Madang District is a district in the central part of Madang Province in Papua New Guinea.	Madang District	Papua New Guinea
country	Fleury-Mérogis is a commune in the Essonne department in northern France, in the southern suburbs of Paris.	Fleury-Mérogis	France
country	Fundo Island is located off the northwest coast of Pemba Island, one of the two main islands of Tanzania's Zanzibar Archipelago.	Fundo Island	Tanzania
country	At the present day Ruhrpumpen has manufacturing facilities, sales offices and service centers located in Germany, Mexico, USA, Egypt, Argentina, Brazil, India, Russia, Canada, Colombia and Chile.	Ruhrpumpen	Germany
country	The Synecdemus or Synekdemos (Greek: Συνέκδημος) is a geographic text, attributed to Hierocles, which contains a table of administrative divisions of the Byzantine Empire and lists of their cities.	Synecdemus	Byzantine Empire
country	The Cacahuatique Mountains are a mountain range and hilly area of eastern El Salvador.	Cacahuatique Mountains	El Salvador
country	Monino (Russian: Мо́нино) is an urban locality (a work settlement) in Shchyolkovsky District of Moscow Oblast, Russia, located 23 kilometers (14 mi) east of Moscow.	Monino	Russia
country	The Kozie chrbty or Kecske-hát (In Slovak, literally ``goat ridges'') are a mountainous area in Slovakia, part of the Fatra-Tatra Area of the Inner Western Carpathians, where uranium ore may be found.	Kozie chrbty	Slovakia
country	Flemish Brabant (Dutch: Vlaams-Brabant (ˌvlaːmzˈbraːbɑnt), French: Brabant flamand) is a province of Flanders, one of the three regions of Belgium.	Flemish Brabant	Belgium
country	Saint-Éloy-d'Allier is a commune in the Allier department in Auvergne in central France.	Saint-Éloy-d'Allier	France
country	Kołoniec (kɔˈwɔɲet͡s) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ruda Maleniecka, within Końskie County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Kołoniec	Poland
country	La Trappe Abbey or La Grande Trappe is a monastery in Soligny-la-Trappe, Orne, France, and the house of origin of the Order of Cistercians of the Strict Observance (O.C.S.O.: Ordo Cisterciensis Strictioris Observantiae), Reformed Cistercians or Trappists, to whom it gave its name.	La Trappe Abbey	France
country	Šventežeris (literally: sacred lake) is a small town in Alytus County in southern Lithuania.	Šventežeris	Lithuania
country	Paspaley Pearling Company is the largest and oldest pearling company operating in Australia.	Paspaley	Australia
country	Sovinja Peč (pronounced (sɔˈʋiːnja ˈpeːtʃ)) is a small dispersed settlement in the hills immediately south of the Črnivec Pass in the Municipality of Kamnik in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Sovinja Peč	Slovenia
country	Momin Mosque is located in Akon-bari, in the village of Burirchar, Mathbaria Upazila, under the district of Pirojpur in Bangladesh.	Momin Mosque	Bangladesh
country	The Jiak Kim Bridge (Chinese: 若金桥) is a pedestrian bridge in Singapore.	Jiak Kim Bridge	Singapore
country	Saranchuky (Ukrainian: Саранчуки, Polish: Saranczuky, Saranczuki) is a village in Berezhany Raion of Ternopil Oblast in the western area of Ukraine, the historic region of Halychyna (Eastern Galicia).	Saranchuky	Ukraine
country	Gornje Košlje (Serbian Cyrillic: Горње Кошље) is a village in Serbia.	Gornje Košlje	Serbia
country	The Three Rivers Academy is an English-language high school in Trois-Rivières, Quebec, Canada.	Three Rivers Academy	Canada
country	Norrtåg (English: North trains) is a publicly owned company which is owned by Norrbotten County, Västerbotten County, Västernorrland County and Jämtland County in Sweden.	Norrtåg	Sweden
country	Bratislavský lesný park or Bratislava Forest Park is a forest park (actually a forest) in Bratislava, the capital of Slovakia, located in the foothills of the Little Carpathians.	Bratislavský lesný park	Slovakia
country	The Misir River or Mișid River is a tributary of the Crişul Repede River in Romania, The upper reach of the river is also known as Valea Luncilor River	Misir River	Romania
country	The Parque Polideportivo Roca is a large park with sports facilities in southern Buenos Aires, Argentina.	Parque Polideportivo Roca	Argentina
country	Today, this right is exercised by the Royal Djurgården Administration which is a part of the Royal Court of Sweden.	Djurgården	Sweden
country	Ezbaran (Persian: ازباران‎, also Romanized as Ezbārān) is a village in Emamzadeh Abdollah Rural District, Dehferi District, Fereydunkenar County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Ezbaran	Iran
country	Wasiły-Zygny (vaˈɕiwɨ ˈzɨɡnɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chorzele, within Przasnysz County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Wasiły-Zygny	Poland
country	Wieszyno (vjɛˈʂɨnɔ) (German Vessin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słupsk, within Słupsk County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Wieszyno	Poland
country	Aoulouz or Aoullouz (Shilha Berber Awlluẓ) is a rural commune and small town in Taroudant Province, Souss-Massa Region, Morocco.	Aoulouz	Morocco
country	Pöchlarn (Bavarian: Böchlarn) is a town in the district of Melk in the Austrian state of Lower Austria.	Pöchlarn	Austria
country	Sheykh Amr (Persian: شيخ عمر‎, also Romanized as Sheykh ʿAmr) is a village in Senderk Rural District, Senderk District, Minab County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Sheykh Amr	Iran
country	Veľký Šariš (German: Groß-Scharosch; Hungarian: Nagysáros) is a small town near Prešov in eastern Slovakia.	Veľký Šariš	Slovakia
country	A large one in Malaudh was assigned to Raja Badan Singh C.S.I. recipient of Companionship Order of the Star of India in 1903 who exercised the same criminal and civil powers over the whole estate as his brother Sardar Sundar Singh Jagirdar did in his share.	Malaudh	India
country	The Cartagena Film Festival (Spanish: Festival Internacional de Cine de Cartagena de Indias), or FICCI, is a film festival held in Cartagena, Colombia, which focuses mainly on the promotion of Colombian television series, Latin American films and short films.	Cartagena Film Festival	Colombia
country	Eshtaharzan (Persian: اشتهازان‎, also Romanized as Eshtahārzān; also known as Eshtahāzān and Eshtehāzān) is a village in Koleyn Rural District, Fashapuyeh District, Rey County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Eshtaharzan	Iran
country	Žabjek (pronounced (ˈʒaːbjɛk)) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Trebnje in eastern Slovenia.	Žabjek	Slovenia
country	Yakubiyah (Arabic: اليعقوبية‎, Armenian: Յակուբիե; also spelled Yacoubiyah, Yakoubieh, Yacoubeh or Yaqubiyah) is a village in north-west Syria, administratively part of the Jisr ash-Shugur District, subordinate to the Idlib Governorate, located west of Idlib and just southeast of the border with Turkey.	Yakubiyah	Syria
country	The Bazar Caves otherwise Bāzār Caves are located in the Khyber in the mountainous Federally Administered Tribal Areas of Pakistan.	Bazar Caves	Pakistan
country	Bitiče (German: Vititsch) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Litija in central Slovenia.	Bitiče	Slovenia
country	Cueva del Fantasma (``Cave of the Ghost'' in Spanish) is a giant cave in southern Venezuela, located in one of the most biologically rich, geologically ancient parts of the world, along the slopes of Aprada-tepui.	Cueva del Fantasma	Venezuela
country	Chicken Treat has over 60 outlets within Western Australia, and two in Central Queensland.	Chicken Treat	Australia
country	Karikanamma is a Hindu temple in the Western Ghats in Karnataka, India, located near the town of Honavar.	Karikanamma	India
country	Linnanmaa is a neighbourhood of the Kaijonharju area of Oulu, Finland.	Linnanmaa	Finland
country	Vestre Cemetery (Danish: Vestre Kirkegård) is located in a large park setting in the Kongens Enghave district of Copenhagen, Denmark.	Vestre Cemetery	Denmark
country	Located principally in the city centre or Cercado de Lima and Rímac areas, the Historic Centre of Lima is among the most important tourist destinations in Peru.	Historic Centre of Lima	Peru
country	Centro Juventud Sionista, or simply Sionista, is a basketball club based in Paraná, Argentina.	Juventud Sionista	Argentina
country	Spongano is a town and comune in the province of Lecce, in the Apulia region of south-east Italy.	Spongano	Italy
country	Arau is the royal capital of Perlis in Malaysia, with a population of around 20,000.	Arau	Malaysia
country	Nauni is a small village on the Solan-Rajgarh Road about 15 km from the town of Solan, Himachal Pradesh, India.	Nauni	India
country	Amanohashidate (天橋立) is one of Japan's three scenic views.	Amanohashidate	Japan
country	Bodovce (Hungarian: Bodonlaka) is a village and municipality in Sabinov District in the Prešov Region of northeastern Slovakia.	Bodovce	Slovakia
country	The Joseph Vaz College of Wennappuwa is a public school in Wennappuwa, Sri Lanka.	Joseph Vaz College	Sri Lanka
country	Les Patrons Cuisiniers is a culinary association of quality restaurants in the Netherlands.	Les Patrons Cuisiniers	Netherlands
country	Kysorychi (Ukrainian: Кисоричі, Polish: Kisorycze) is a village located in Rivne Oblast, Ukraine.	Kysorychi	Ukraine
country	Skjånes (Northern Sami: Skeavvonjárga) is a small village in Gamvik Municipality in Finnmark county, Norway.	Skjånes	Norway
country	Hospital Area is a central district of Thimphu, Bhutan.	Hospital Area	Bhutan
country	Ohonica (pronounced (ɔxɔˈniːtsa)) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Borovnica in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.	Ohonica	Slovenia
country	Öllölä is a village in Finland, in the town of Joensuu, Tuupovaara, former municipality.	Öllölä	Finland
country	The Lengenbach Quarry (LGB) is located in the Binn Valley (Valais, Switzerland) and it is noted among the mineralogical community for its unusual sulfosalt specimens.	Lengenbach Quarry	Switzerland
country	Trincomali Channel is a channel or strait in the Gulf Islands of British Columbia, Canada, located between Saltspring Island (W) and Galiano Island (E).	Trincomali Channel	Canada
country	The Pocking Solar Park is a photovoltaic power station in Pocking, Lower Bavaria, Germany.	Pocking Solar Park	Germany
country	Watchman Island is a small sandstone island in the Waitemata Harbour of Auckland, New Zealand.	Watchman Island	New Zealand
country	The Coleridge Power Station is a hydroelectric facility at Lake Coleridge on the Rakaia River in Canterbury, New Zealand.	Coleridge Power Station	New Zealand
country	Lonwolwol was a village on the island Ambrym in Vanuatu.	Lonwolwol	Vanuatu
country	Mount Keith Mine is an open pit nickel mine in Western Australia.	Mount Keith Mine	Australia
country	Black Diamond/Flying R Ranch Aerodrome, (TC LID: CBD8), is located 2.8 nautical miles (5.2 km; 3.2 mi) south southeast of Black Diamond, Alberta, Canada.	Black Diamond/Flying R Ranch Aerodrome	Canada
country	Langvassåga is a river that flows out of the lake Langvatnet in the municipality of Rana in Nordland county, Norway.	Langvassåga	Norway
country	Veľký Kýr (Hungarian: Nyitranagykér) is a village and municipality in the Nové Zámky District in the Nitra Region of south-west Slovakia.	Veľký Kýr	Slovakia
country	Obednik is a village located in the Demir Hisar region of the Republic of Macedonia.	Obednik	Macedonia
country	Alerce Andino National Park is located in the Andes, in Los Lagos Region of Chile.	Alerce Andino National Park	Chile
country	Saran-e Barshaku (Persian: سران بارشكو‎, also Romanized as Sarān Bārshakū; also known as Sarān) is a village in Jask Rural District, in the Central District of Jask County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Saran-e Barshaku	Iran
country	Cintra Bay or the Gulf of Cintra is a large, half-moon shaped bay on the coast of Río de Oro province, Western Sahara.	Cintra Bay	Western Sahara
country	Mount Olympus (/oʊˈlɪmpəs, ə-/; Greek: Όλυμπος, pronounced Olibos; also transliterated as Olympos, and on Greek maps, Oros Olympos) is the highest mountain in Greece and the second highest mountain in the Balkans.	Mount Olympus	Greece
country	Cheb (Czech pronunciation: (ˈxɛp); German: Eger), is a city in the Karlovy Vary Region of the Czech Republic, with about 33,000 inhabitants.	Cheb	Czech Republic
country	Gare d'Esches (the Esches Station) is a rail station located between the communes of Amblainville and Esches (Oise department), France.	Gare d'Esches	France
country	The Unparty was a political party in Ontario, Canada, in the early 1980s.	Unparty	Canada
country	Mpilo Central Hospital, more commonly known as Mpilo Hospital, is the largest hospital in Bulawayo, and second largest in Zimbabwe after Parirenyatwa Hospital in Harare.	Mpilo Hospital	Zimbabwe
country	The Bellevue Teatret (English: Bellevue Theatre) is a theatre in Klampenborg at the northern outskirts of Copenhagen, Denmark.	Bellevue Teatret	Denmark
country	Vovše (in older sources and locally also Ovsiše, German: Ousische or Wousche) is a settlement in the hills east of Vače in the Municipality of Litija in central Slovenia.	Vovše	Slovenia
country	San Antonio de los Baños Airfield (ICAO: MUSA) is a military air base located near San Antonio de los Baños, a municipality in the province of Havana (La Habana) in Cuba.	San Antonio de los Baños Airfield	Cuba
country	Serras de Sudeste (English: Southeastern Mountain Ranges) is a dissected plateau, also named Planalto Dissecado de Sudeste (Southeastern Dissected Plateau) or Escudo Sul-Riograndense (Shield of Rio Grande do Sul), located in the southeastern portion of Rio Grande do Sul state in southernmost Brazil, near Uruguay.	Serras de Sudeste	Brazil
country	Acharya Jagadish Chandra Bose College (Bengali: আচার্য জগদীশ চন্দ্র বসু কলেজ) is a well-respected english Medium undergraduate degree college affiliated with the University of Calcutta, India.	Acharya Jagadish Chandra Bose College	India
country	However, it was announced as part of the 2014 United Kingdom budget that the Gospel Oak to Barking Line of London Overground would be extended to Barking Riverside.	Gospel Oak to Barking Line	United Kingdom
country	Gonabad (Persian: گناباد‎, also Romanized as Gonābād; also known as Gūnābād; formerly Janābaz) is a city in and the capital of Gonabad County, in Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Gonabad	Iran
country	Jenny Estate (German: Jenny Schloss) is a large estate in the municipality of Thalwil of the Canton of Zurich in Switzerland.	Jenny Estate	Switzerland
country	Middle Vinemount Falls is a 10 metre high cascade waterfall found on CN property in Stoney Creek, Hamilton, Ontario, Canada.	Middle Vinemount Falls	Canada
country	Monteodorisio is a comune (municipality) and town in the province of Chieti, in the region of Abruzzo, in central Italy.	Monteodorisio	Italy
country	Borki Drużbińskie (ˈbɔrki druʐˈbiɲskʲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pęczniew, within Poddębice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Borki Drużbińskie	Poland
country	Korosnytsia (Ukrainian: Коросниця, German: Josephsberg or Josefsberg, Polish: Korośnica or Korosnica) is a village (selo) in Drohobych Raion, Lviv Oblast, in south-west Ukraine.	Korosnytsia	Ukraine
country	Vahdat (also Vakhdat, meaning unity in Persian) is a city in western Tajikistan, just 10 km east of Dushanbe.	Vahdat	Tajikistan
country	The island of Vilsandi, Kihelkonna Parish, Saare County, Estonia is located in the Baltic Sea.	Vilsandi	Estonia
country	The Tuira River is located in the Darién Province of eastern Panama.	Tuira River	Panama
country	Gharq Ab Zar (Persian: غرق اب زار‎, also Romanized as Gharq Āb Zār and Gharqāb Zār) is a village in Balaband Rural District, in the Central District of Fariman County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Gharq Ab Zar	Iran
country	The Government Service Insurance System (Filipino: Paseguruhan ng mga Naglilingkod sa Pamahalaan, abbreviated as GSIS) is a government owned and controlled corporation (GOCC) of the Philippines.	Government Service Insurance System	Philippines
country	Seilandstuva is the highest mountain on the island of Seiland in Finnmark county, Norway.	Seilandstuva	Norway
country	Luau Airport (Portuguese: Aeroporto de Luau) (IATA: UAL, ICAO: FNUA) is an airport serving Luau, a municipality in the province of Moxico in Angola.	Luau Airport	Angola
country	Ano Glyfada (Άνω Γλυφάδα in Greek) is a subdivision of the municipality of Glyfada in Athens, Greece literally meaning ``Upper Glyfada''.	Ano Glyfada	Greece
country	Hasan Langi-ye Bala (Persian: حسن لنگي بالا‎, also Romanized as Ḩasan Langī-ye Bālā; also known as Gazakī-ye Ḩasanlangī) is a village in Shamil Rural District, Takht District, Bandar Abbas County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Hasan Langi-ye Bala	Iran
country	First Philippine Industrial Park, established in 1996, comprises 349 hectares located in Tanauan City and the municipality of Santo Tomas in the province of Batangas, Philippines.	First Philippine Industrial Park	Philippines
country	Fagerhaug Church (Norwegian: Fagerhaug kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Oppdal in Sør-Trøndelag county, Norway.	Fagerhaug Church	Norway
country	The Simris Runestones are two 11th-century runestones located at the vicarage of Simris, near Simrishamn, in southeasternmost Scania, Sweden.	Simris Runestones	Sweden
country	The Canal de Montech is a 10.9 km waterway in southwestern France connecting the Canal de Garonne in Montech and the Tarn River in Montauban.	Canal de Montech	France
country	Cimdenieki is a small suburban settlement in Grobiņa parish near Liepāja, Latvia.	Cimdenieki	Latvia
country	Boyxanlı (also, Bayxanlı, Bayankhanly, and Boykhanly) is a village and municipality in the Jalilabad Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Boyxanlı	Azerbaijan
country	Border Force is a part of the Home Office, responsible for frontline border control operations at air, sea and rail ports in the United Kingdom.	Border Force	United Kingdom
country	Harsin (Persian: هرسين‎; also Romanized as Harsīn) is a city in and the capital of Harsin County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Harsin	Iran
country	Cherrabun or Cherrabun Station is a pastoral lease and that once operated as a sheep station but presently operates as a cattle station located in Western Australia.	Cherrabun	Australia
country	Moyar River is one of the tributary of Bhavani in Tamil Nadu, South India.	Moyar River	India
country	Postronna (pɔsˈtrɔnna) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koprzywnica, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Postronna	Poland
country	Sitia (Greek: Σητεία) is a port town and a municipality in Lasithi, Crete, Greece.	Sitia	Greece
country	General Escobedo, or simply Escobedo, is a city and municipality in Nuevo León, Mexico that is part of the Monterrey Metropolitan area.	General Escobedo	Mexico
country	KTVR Knowledge Park for Engineering and Technology(KTVR KPET), located at Coimbatore, Tamil Nadu, India, is a private self-financing engineering institute.	KTVR Knowledge Park for Engineering and Technology	India
country	Perevalsk (Ukrainian: Перевальськ; Russian: Перевальск) is a city in the southwestern part of the Luhansk Oblast (province) of Ukraine.	Perevalsk	Ukraine
country	Dr. Jose Fabella Memorial Hospital, the National Maternity Hospital, is a maternal and newborn tertiary hospital located in Santa Cruz, Manila in the Philippines.	Dr. Jose Fabella Memorial Hospital	Philippines
country	In 1986 the former airfield of RAF Fulbeck was considered by the United Kingdom government body, NIREX, as one possible site for an underground deep storage facility for the country's nuclear waste.	Fulbeck	United Kingdom
country	The final team consisted of about 15 groups from different institutions all over Germany, including several large companies as well as the small SUPRENUM Supercomputer GmbH. They were four (or five, resp.) major research institutes:	SUPRENUM	Germany
country	The Earthquake Commission (EQC) provides primary natural disaster insurance to the owners of residential properties in New Zealand.	Earthquake Commission	New Zealand
country	Kfaryachit (also Kafaryachit, Kfaryashit, Arabic: كفرياشيت‎) is a village located in the Zgharta District in the North Governorate of Lebanon.	Kfaryachit	Lebanon
country	Repovica (Cyrillic: Реповица) is a village in the municipality of Konjic, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Repovica	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	ACG Parnell College is an independent co-educational facility and is part of the Academic Colleges Group, whose New Zealand schools are members of the Independent Schools of New Zealand (ISNZ).	ACG Parnell College	New Zealand
country	Lannoy-Cuillère is a Communes of France in the Oise department in northern France.	Lannoy-Cuillère	France
country	Akhtarabad (Persian: اختراباد‎, also Romanized as Akhtarābād; also known as Z̧olmābād) is a village in Akhtarabad Rural District, in the Central District of Malard County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Akhtarabad	Iran
country	Tyaterbash (Russian: Тятербаш; Bashkir: Тәтербаш; Chuvash: Тетерпуς) is a rural locality in Sterlibashevsky District of the Republic of Bashkortostan, Russia.	Tyaterbash	Russia
country	Darsidgol (Persian: دارسيدگل‎, also Romanized as Dārsīdgol; also known as ʿAlī Ḩoseynābād) is a village in Kuhdasht-e Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Kuhdasht County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Darsidgol	Iran
country	Kornica Kolonia (kɔrˈnit͡sa kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stara Kornica, within Łosice County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Kornica Kolonia	Poland
country	Chah-e Qasemi (Persian: چاه قاسمي‎, also Romanized as Chāh-e Qāsemī; also known as Chāh-e Nīzeh Gāb Yek) is a village in Doreh Rural District, in the Central District of Sarbisheh County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Chah-e Qasemi	Iran
country	Kaçinar is a village and a former municipality in the Lezhë County, northwestern Albania.	Kaçinar	Albania
country	Stoperce (pronounced (ˈstoːpɛɾtsɛ)) is a settlement in the Municipality of Majšperk in northeastern Slovenia.	Stoperce	Slovenia
country	El Torcal de Antequera is a nature reserve in the Sierra del Torcal mountain range located south of the city of Antequera, in the province of Málaga off the A45 road in Andalusia, Spain.	El Torcal de Antequera	Spain
country	The Castle of Miranda de Ebro is a mediaeval fortification located in Miranda de Ebro, Spain.	Castle of Miranda de Ebro	Spain
country	Denbies Wine Estate near Dorking, Surrey has the largest vineyard in England with 265 acres (1.07 km2) under vines, representing more than 10 per cent of the plantings in the whole of the United Kingdom.	Denbies Wine Estate	United Kingdom
country	The Lotsane Dam is a dam on the Lotsane River in Botswana completed in 2012.	Lotsane Dam	Botswana
country	PKN Vidhyasala (Tamil: பி.கே.என். வித்யாசாலா) is an Educational Trust which consists of 9 educational institutions including 2 higher secondary schools, 3 Matriculation schools, 2 Primary schools, 1 CBSE school and an Arts and Science College in the suburbs of Tirumangalam, Madurai, Tamil Nadu, India.	PKN Vidhyasala	India
country	Tziv'on (Hebrew: צִבְעוֹן, lit. Crayon) is a kibbutz in northern Israel.	Tziv'on	Israel
country	Ballyforan (Irish: Béal Átha Feorainne, meaning ``mouth of the ford of the beach or strand'') is a village in south County Roscommon, Ireland on the R363 road between Ballygar and Dysart, County Roscommon.	Ballyforan	Ireland
country	Birmingham Museums Trust is the largest independent charitable trust of museums in the United Kingdom.	Birmingham Museums Trust	United Kingdom
country	Troubridge Point is a headland located on the south coast of Yorke Peninsula in South Australia is located about 11 kilometres (6.8 mi) south west of Edithburgh.	Troubridge Point	Australia
country	Himachal Pradesh Cricket Association Stadium or HPCA Stadium is a cricket stadium located in the city of Dharamshala in Himachal Pradesh, India.	Himachal Pradesh Cricket Association Stadium	India
country	Great World MRT Station (TE15) is an upcoming underground Mass Rapid Transit station on the Thomson-East Coast Line in Singapore.	Great World MRT Station	Singapore
country	Niederscheidweiler is an Ortsgemeinde -- a municipality belonging to a Verbandsgemeinde, a kind of collective municipality -- in the Bernkastel-Wittlich district in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.	Niederscheidweiler	Germany
country	Gabrovka pri Zagradcu (pronounced (ˈɡaːbɾɔu̯ka pɾi zaˈɡɾaːtsu)) is a village north of Zagradec in the Municipality of Ivančna Gorica in central Slovenia.	Gabrovka pri Zagradcu	Slovenia
country	Derweze (Persian: The Gate, also known as Darvaza) is a village in Turkmenistan of about 350 inhabitants, located in the middle of the Karakum Desert, about 260 km north from Ashgabat.	Derweze	Turkmenistan
country	Arcachon (French: (aʁ.ka.ʃɔ̃) ; Arcaishon in Gascon) is a commune in the Gironde department in southwestern France.	Arcachon	France
country	Kam Guran (Persian: كم گوران‎, also Romanized as Kam Gūrān; also known as Kamegoran, Kamegoron, Kameh Gorūn) is a village in Rudkhaneh Bar Rural District, Rudkhaneh District, Rudan County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Kam Guran	Iran
country	Belvedere, Harare is a suburb of Harare, the capital city and the largest metropolitan area of Zimbabwe.	Belvedere, Harare	Zimbabwe
country	The Amsterdam Crusaders are an American Football club from Amsterdam, the Netherlands.	Amsterdam Crusaders	Netherlands
country	Kiskunlacháza is a town in Pest county in the northern part of Central Hungary, approximately 4 miles from the Danube river and its largest neighbor, Ráckeve.	Kiskunlacháza	Hungary
country	Kechnec (German: Oberdeutschdorf, Kechnetz; Hungarian: Kenyhec) is a village in eastern Slovakia.	Kechnec	Slovakia
country	Jesenovik (Istro-Romanian: Sucodru) is a small village in Istria, Croatia, in the municipality of Kršan.	Jesenovik	Croatia
country	Çardak Airport or Denizli Çardak Airport (IATA: DNZ, ICAO: LTAY) is an airport located in Çardak, Denizli Province, Turkey.	Denizli Çardak Airport	Turkey
country	The Federico Santa María Technical University (Spanish: Universidad Técnica Federico Santa María) (UTFSM) (or simply Santa Maria University) is a Chilean university founded in 1926 in Valparaíso, Chile.	Federico Santa María Technical University	Chile
country	Saunags (Livonian: Sǟnag, Russian: Саунагс or Саунаг. Other names: Saunagdtsiems, Saunaga, Saunaga Ciems, Saunaguciems) is a populated place in Kolka parish, Dundaga municipality, Latvia, located 10 km from the Cape Kolka, within the borders of Slītere National Park.	Saunags	Latvia
country	Boracay is a small island in the Philippines located approximately 315 km (196 mi) south of Manila and 2 km off the northwest tip of Panay Island in the Western Visayas region of the Philippines.	Boracay	Philippines
country	Markaz-e Garm (Persian: مرکزگرم‎, also Romanized as Markazgarm) is a village in Qilab Rural District, Alvar-e Garmsiri District, Andimeshk County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Markaz-e Garm	Iran
country	Stary Borków (ˈstarɨ ˈbɔrkuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żelazków, within Kalisz County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Stary Borków	Poland
country	Defence Authority Sheikh Khalifa Bin Zayed College is an Intermediate level, English-language college in Karachi, Pakistan.	Defence Authority Sheikh Khalifa Bin Zayed College	Pakistan
country	PEPO Lappeenranta (abbreviated PEPO) is a football club from Lappeenranta in Finland.	PEPO Lappeenranta	Finland
country	Mabodale is a village in Gampaha District of Sri Lanka, with lush green surroundings.	Mabodale	Sri Lanka
country	Eil Malk or Mecherchar is the main island of the Mecherchar Islands, an island group of Palau in the Pacific Ocean.	Eil Malk	Palau
country	Ahfir (Berber: Aḥfir, ⴰⵃⴼⵉⵔ; Arabic: أحفير) is a town in Berkane Province, Oriental, Morocco.	Ahfir	Morocco
country	The Reformist Bloc (Bulgarian: Реформаторски блок) is a centre-right electoral alliance in Bulgaria.	Reformist Bloc	Bulgaria
country	Due to its geographical position Monghidoro, which the writer Giordano Berti has described as the ``Crossroads of Europe'', in the course of the centuries became a necessary passage between the Po Valley and Central Italy.	Monghidoro	Italy
country	Rosmalen (Dutch pronunciation: (rɔsˈmaːlə(n))) is a town in the province of North Brabant, in the south of the Netherlands.	Rosmalen	Netherlands
country	The Hanau-Gelnhausen high-speed railway is a planned railway connecting Hanau and Gelnhausen in Germany.	Hanau-Gelnhausen high-speed railway	Germany
country	Storsjöodjuret (Swedish pronunciation: (ˈstuːʂøːuˈjʉːrɛ), literally ``The Great-Lake Monster'') is a lake monster reported to live in the 90-metre-deep (300 ft) lake Storsjön in Jämtland in the middle of Sweden.	Storsjöodjuret	Sweden
country	Helsinki Swimming Stadium is an outdoors swimming venue in Helsinki, Finland, located in the Eläintarha area to the northeast of the Helsinki Olympic Stadium.	Helsinki Swimming Stadium	Finland
country	Sri Palee College in Horana is one of the main mixed schools in Sri Lanka.	Sri Palee College	Sri Lanka
country	Yarensk (Russian: Я́ренск) is a rural locality (a selo) and the administrative center of Lensky District of Arkhangelsk Oblast, Russia, located on the bank of the Vychegda River near its confluence with the Yarenga.	Yarensk	Russia
country	The Bouřňák (German: Stürmer which means ``Stormer'') is one of the highest mountains in the eastern Ore Mountains on the territory of Czech Republic.	Bouřňák	Czech Republic
country	The Oshigambo River is an ephemeral river in central northern Namibia, flowing into Etosha Pan.	Oshigambo River	Namibia
country	Azoyú is a city and seat of the Azoyú Municipality, in the state of Guerrero, south-western Mexico.	Azoyú	Mexico
country	Yoigo is the fourth mobile phone operator with a network of its own in Spain.	Yoigo	Spain
country	Nordmaling Municipality (Swedish: Nordmalings kommun) is a municipality in Västerbotten County in northern Sweden.	Nordmaling Municipality	Sweden
country	Paliouria (Greek: Παλιουριά, before 1928: Ζημνιάτσι - Zimniatsi) is a village in northern Greece.	Paliouria	Greece
country	Bense is a village on the northern coast of Dominica which, together with the neighbouring village of Hampstead, Dominica, has a population of around 780 people.	Bense	Dominica
country	Peniaky (Ukrainian: Пеняки) is a village (selo) in Brodivskyi Raion, Lviv Oblast, in western Ukraine.	Peniaky	Ukraine
country	Mohara (Persian: محرا‎, also Romanized as Moḩarā and Moḩarrā; also known as Mohreh) is a village in Tork-e Gharbi Rural District, Jowkar District, Malayer County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Mohara	Iran
country	The Harz Run (German: Harzquerung) is a fun run and walking event in the Harz mountains of Germany that has been organised since the 1970s by the Wernigerode Skiing Club (Skiklub Wernigerode 1911) and takes place on the last Saturday of April.	Harz Run	Germany
country	Csorvás (Romanian: Ciorvaş) is a town in Békés county, in the Southern Great Plain region of south-east Hungary.	Csorvás	Hungary
country	Doi Pha Hom Pok National Park (Thai: อุทยานแห่งชาติดอยผ้าห่มปก), formerly known as Mae Fang National Park, is the northernmost national park in Thailand.	Doi Pha Hom Pok National Park	Thailand
country	Lubomia (luˈbɔmja) is a village and the seat of Gmina Lubomia, Wodzisław County, Silesian Voivodeship, southern Poland.	Lubomia	Poland
country	Dachau concentration camp (German: Konzentrationslager (KZ) Dachau, IPA: (ˈdaxaʊ)) was the first of the Nazi concentration camps opened in Germany, intended to hold political prisoners.	Dachau concentration camp	Germany
country	Galatone is a town and comune located in Salento, in the province of Lecce (Apulia, southern Italy), the former seat of the Marquess of Galatone.	Galatone	Italy
country	Hedvig Eleonora Church (Swedish: Hedvig Eleonora kyrka) is a church in central Stockholm, Sweden (in the east district of Östermalm).	Hedvig Eleonora Church	Sweden
country	The Klaipėda Geothermal Demonstration Plant is a geothermal heating plant in Klaipėda, Lithuania, constructed during the late 1990s and early 2000s.	Klaipėda Geothermal Demonstration Plant	Lithuania
country	Kannus Airfield is an airfield in Kannus, Finland, about 5 nautical miles (9 km; 6 mi) east of Kannus town centre.	Kannus Airfield	Finland
country	Guintacan is an island of the province of Cebu in the Philippines.	Guintacan	Philippines
country	Yenkit is a resort town in Muscat Governorate, in northeastern Oman.	Yenkit	Oman
country	Hípica (meaning Equestrian in English) is a neighbourhood (bairro) in the city of Porto Alegre, the state capital of Rio Grande do Sul, in Brazil.	Hípica	Brazil
country	Mandoli is a village in Jalore district of Rajasthan state in India.	Mandoli	India
country	Šentvid pri Lukovici (pronounced (ʃɛnˈtʋiːt pɾi ˈluːkɔʋitsi) or (ʃənˈtʋiːt pɾi ˈluːkɔʋitsi); German: Sankt Veit) is a settlement in the Municipality of Lukovica in the eastern part of the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Šentvid pri Lukovici	Slovenia
country	Blimbingsari Airport (Indonesian: Bandara Blimbingsari) (IATA: BWX, ICAO: WARB) is an airport near Banyuwangi, a city in the East Java province of Indonesia.	Blimbingsari Airport	Indonesia
country	Morro Solar (morro in Spanish means: a rounded promontory) is a headland, situated in the district of Chorrillos, to the south of Lima, Peru.	Morro Solar	Peru
country	The Stifterverband für die Deutsche Wissenschaft (Donors' association for the promotion of humanities and sciences in Germany) is a German organisation that seeks to address challenges in higher education, science and research.	Stifterverband für die Deutsche Wissenschaft	Germany
country	Khustain Nuruu National Park (Mongolian: Хустайн нуруу, Birch Mountains), located in Töv Province (Aimag), is a national park of Mongolia.	Khustain Nuruu National Park	Mongolia
country	Lambaesis (Lambæsis), Lambaisis, or Lambaesa (Lambèse in colonial French), is a Roman ruin in Algeria, 7 miles (11 km) southeast of Batna and 17 miles (27 km) west of Timgad, located next to the modern village of Tazoult.	Lambaesis	Algeria
country	The Atlanta Centre is an office skyscraper in San Juan, Metro Manila, Philippines.	Atlanta Centre	Philippines
country	Jirgatol (Persian: جرگه‌تال ‎‎) is a town and jamoat in Tajikistan.	Jirgatol	Tajikistan
country	Ľubietová (German: Libethen) is a village in central Slovakia.	Ľubietová	Slovakia
country	Świerzna (ˈɕfjɛʐna) (German: Schwierse) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Oleśnica, within Oleśnica County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Świerzna	Poland
country	Água Rasa is a district within the subprefecture of Mooca in São Paulo, Brazil.	Água Rasa	Brazil
country	Kitunda is a town and an administrative ward in the Ilala district of the Dar es Salaam Region of Tanzania.	Kitunda	Tanzania
country	Pangasinan School of Arts and Trades, also referred to as PSAT, is a government institution of technical vocation education and training higher learning located in Alvear Street, Lingayen, Pangasinan, Philippines.	Pangasinan School of Arts and Trades	Philippines
country	Rashtriya Lok Dal (abbreviated as RLD) (translation: National People's Party) is a political party in India.	Rashtriya Lok Dal	India
country	PT Merpati Nusantara Airlines, operating as Merpati Nusantara Airlines, was an airline in Indonesia based in Central Jakarta, Jakarta.	Merpati Nusantara Airlines	Indonesia
country	The Slough Trading Estate founded in Slough in the south of Buckinghamshire in 1920, was an early business park in the United Kingdom.	Slough Trading Estate	United Kingdom
country	Veliki Kamen (pronounced (ˈʋeːliki ˈkaːmən)) is a settlement northeast of Senovo in the Municipality of Krško in eastern Slovenia.	Veliki Kamen	Slovenia
country	Arapuni is a rural town centre on the Waikato river in the South Waikato District of New Zealand.	Arapuni	New Zealand
country	Grudusk (ˈɡrudusk) is a village in Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Grudusk	Poland
country	The Heath Railway (German: Heidebahn) is a regional railway line in North Germany that crosses the Lüneburg Heath from which it derives its name.	Heath Railway	Germany
country	Capital Crime Writers (CCW) is a non-profit mystery writing organization located in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada.	Capital Crime Writers	Canada
country	Voss Church (Norwegian: Voss kyrkje or Vangskyrkja) is a parish church in Voss municipality in Hordaland county, Norway.	Voss Church	Norway
country	Shiadeh Sadat Mahalleh (Persian: شياده سادات محله‎, also Romanized as Shīādeh Sādāt Maḩalleh, Sheyādeh Sādāt Maḩalleh, and Shīā Deh Sādāt Maḩalleh; also known as Shīā Deh) is a village in Khvosh Rud Rural District, Bandpey-ye Gharbi District, Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Shiadeh Sadat Mahalleh	Iran
country	Yokohama International Swimming Pool (Yokohama Kokusai Pool: 横浜国際プール) is a swimming venue in Yokohama, Japan.	Yokohama International Swimming Pool	Japan
country	Quaid-E-Azam Divisional Public School and College is an educational institution for boys and girls of the Gujranwala division of the Pujab in Pakistan.	Quaid-E-Azam Divisional Public School and College	Pakistan
country	The Torre de la Plata (Spanish: ``Tower of Silver'') is an octagonal military tower of the Almohad dynasty in Al-Andalus, in present day Seville, southern Spain.	Torre de la Plata	Spain
country	Sheykh Kanlu (Persian: شيخكانلو‎, also Romanized as Sheykh Kānlū) is a village in Dowlatkhaneh Rural District, Bajgiran District, Quchan County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Sheykh Kanlu	Iran
country	The Anton Pieck Square is a square in the Efteling, a theme park in the Netherlands.	Anton Pieck Square	Netherlands
country	Tafresh (Persian: تفرش‎) is a city (academic city) in Markazi Province, Iran.	Tafresh	Iran
country	Lysva (Russian: Лысьва) is a town in Perm Krai, Russia, located in the eastern part of the krai on the Lysva River, 86 kilometers (53 mi) from Perm.	Lysva	Russia
country	Kráľova hoľa (German: Königsberg; Hungarian: Király-hegy, literally ``King's Bald Mountain'') is the highest mountain (1,946 m) of the eastern part of the Low Tatras in central Slovakia.	Kráľova hoľa	Slovakia
country	Fachkrankenhaus Coswig is a hospital specializing in pneumology and thoracic surgery in Coswig, Germany.	Fachkrankenhaus Coswig	Germany
country	Pechora (Russian: Печо́ра; Komi: Печӧра, Pečöra) is a town in the Komi Republic, Russia, located on the Pechora River, near the northern Ural Mountains.	Pechora	Russia
country	The Aishihik River, also known as Canyon Creek, is a river in the Yukon Territory of Canada.	Aishihik River	Canada
country	Pabna Government Girls High School (Bengali: পাবনা সরকারী উচ্চ বালিকা বিদ্যালয়) is one of the oldest high schools in Pabna District, Bangladesh.	Pabna Government Girls High School	Bangladesh
country	The Sozina Tunnel (Cyrillic: Тунел Созина) is a road tunnel in Montenegro, and is a part of E65 European route.	Sozina Tunnel	Montenegro
country	Kyyy (Russian: Кыйы) is a rural locality (a selo), the only inhabited locality, and the administrative center of Tyarasinsky Rural Okrug of Tattinsky District in the Sakha Republic, Russia, located 45 kilometers (28 mi) from Ytyk-Kyuyol, the administrative center of the district.	Kyyy	Russia
country	Fountain Tire is a tire dealer in Canada, offering a range of car, truck, and trailer tires, as well as automotive services.	Fountain Tire	Canada
country	Maus Castle (German: Burg Maus, meaning Mouse Castle) is a castle above the village of Wellmich (part of Sankt Goarshausen) in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.	Maus Castle	Germany
country	Qasabeh-ye Gharbi Rural District (Persian: دهستان قصبه غربي‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Sabzevar County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Qasabeh-ye Gharbi Rural District	Iran
country	The Jemseg River Bridge is the name for two different structures currently crossing the Jemseg River in Jemseg, New Brunswick, Canada.	Jemseg River Bridge	Canada
country	The Substation (Chinese: 电力站) is Singapore's first independent contemporary arts centre.	The Substation	Singapore
country	The Aktash River (Russian: Акташ) is a river in the Kasbek and Khasavyurt districts of the Republic of Daghestan in Caucasian Russia.	Aktash River	Russia
country	The Mariposa School of Skating, located in Barrie, Ontario, is a major figure skating training center in Canada.	Mariposa School of Skating	Canada
country	The Trans-Mexican Volcanic Belt pine-oak forests is a subtropical coniferous forest ecoregion of the Trans-Mexican Volcanic Belt of central Mexico.	Trans-Mexican Volcanic Belt pine-oak forests	Mexico
country	Cheshmeh Talkhu (Persian: چشمه تلخو‎, also Romanized as Cheshmeh Talkhū and Cheshmeh-ye Talkhū) is a village in Hamaijan Rural District, Hamaijan District, Sepidan County, Fars Province, Iran.	Cheshmeh Talkhu	Iran
country	Gevim (Hebrew: גֵּבִים, lit. Cisterns) is a kibbutz in southern Israel.	Gevim	Israel
country	ZTV began broadcasting on their own channel position in 1992 and was owned by MTG, who also owned TV3 (Sweden) and TV6 (Sweden).	ZTV	Sweden
country	Adriatik Hotel is a hotel near Durrës, Albania.	Adriatik Hotel	Albania
country	Benin Airport (IATA: BNI, ICAO: DNBE) is an airport serving Benin, a city in the Edo State of Nigeria.	Benin Airport	Nigeria
country	Villa Grazioli is a villa in Frascati, Italy, now in Grottaferrata communal territory.	Villa Grazioli	Italy
country	Traianoupoli (Greek: Τραϊανούπολη) or Traianopolis or Trajanopolis was a medieval settlement abandoned in the 14th century in the Evros regional unit of East Macedonia and Thrace region, northeastern Greece.	Traianoupoli	Greece
country	The Angelini Tower is a 29-story residential skyscraper located in the city of Maracaibo, Zulia state, Venezuela.	Angelini Tower	Venezuela
country	Santa Cruz de la Sierra (locally: (ˈsanta ˈkɾus de la ˈsjera)) (English: Holy Cross of the Mountain--Range), commonly known as Santa Cruz (locally: (ˈsanta ˈkɾus)), is the capital of the Santa Cruz department in eastern Bolivia.	Santa Cruz de la Sierra	Bolivia
country	Miletićevo (Serbian Cyrillic: Милетићево) is a village in Serbia.	Miletićevo	Serbia
country	The Botanischer Garten Wuppertal (2.5 hectares), also known as the Botanischer Garten der Stadt Wuppertal, is a municipal botanical garden located at Elisenhöhe 1, Wuppertal, North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.	Botanischer Garten Wuppertal	Germany
country	Cenadi (Greek: Genadioi) is a comune and town in the province of Catanzaro in the Calabria region of Italy.	Cenadi	Italy
country	Museum van Bommel van Dam is a Dutch museum of modern art in Venlo in the southeast Netherlands.	Museum van Bommel van Dam	Netherlands
country	Ouargaye is a city located in the province of Koulpélogo in Burkina Faso.	Ouargaye	Burkina Faso
country	Muar Trade Centre or Pusat Dagangan Muar (Jawi: ڤوست داڬڠن موار) (formerly Bangunan UMNO Muar (Jawi: باڠونن امنو موار)) is a major landmark in Bandar Maharani Muar, Johor, Malaysia.	Muar Trade Centre	Malaysia
country	Kalateh Deh Now (Persian: كلاته دهنو‎, also Romanized as Kalāteh Deh Now; also known as Deh Now) is a village in Jannatabad Rural District, Salehabad District, Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Kalateh Deh Now	Iran
country	Blundells Cottage is a six-roomed stone cottage located on the northern shore of Lake Burley Griffin, in Canberra, Australia.	Blundells Cottage	Australia
country	Sleaford Mere (alternative name: Kuyabidni) is a permanent saline lake, located on the Jussieu Peninsula on the south eastern tip of Eyre Peninsula in South Australia about 15 kilometres (9.3 mi) south west of Port Lincoln.	Sleaford Mere	Australia
country	Aleksandras Stulginskis University is a university in Lithuania, in Akademija, west of Kaunas.	Aleksandras Stulginskis University	Lithuania
country	Costera (Valencian pronunciation: (kosˈteɾa), locally: (kosˈteɾɐ, -ɾæ)) is a comarca in the province of Valencia, Valencian Community, Spain.	Costera	Spain
country	Axapusco is a town and municipality, in Mexico State in Mexico.	Axapusco	Mexico
country	Sabrosa (Portuguese pronunciation: (sɐˈβɾɔzɐ)) is a municipality in the district of Vila Real in northern Portugal.	Sabrosa	Portugal
country	Jalan Banting-Semenyih or Jalan Bangi, Federal Route 31 (formerly Selangor state route B18), is a federal road in Selangor, Malaysia.	Jalan Banting-Semenyih	Malaysia
country	Give2Asia is a diaspora giving organization founded in 2001 by The Asia Foundation to serve as a funding channel for diaspora philanthropy from the United States of America to many Asian countries.	Give2Asia	United States of America
country	The Bergrat Müller Pond (German: Bergrat-Müller-Teich), named after a former mining director, Müller, in the Harz mountains of central Germany is a storage pond laid out from 1737 to 1738.	Bergrat Müller Pond	Germany
country	New Serb Democracy (Montenegrin: Нова српска демократија / Nova srpska demokratija), or NOVA, is a political party in Montenegro, formed on 24 January 2009 as a merger between Serb People's Party and the People's Socialist Party of Montenegro.	New Serb Democracy	Montenegro
country	Kuopion Palloseura (or KuPS) is a Finnish football club, based in the 8th most populated city of Finland, Kuopio.	Kuopion Palloseura	Finland
country	The Bat Khan Mountain (Mongolian: Бат хаан уул, lit. ``firm khan mountain'') is a mountain in the Erdenesant, Töv Province in Mongolia.	Bat Khan Mountain	Mongolia
country	The Isthmus Department or Department of Panama (Spanish: Departamento de Panama) was one of the departments of the Republic of Gran Colombia and later of the Republic of Colombia.	Isthmus Department	Gran Colombia
country	The Thessaloniki Metropolitan Area or Larger Urban Zone (LUZ) is the complete area covered and directly influenced by Greece's second-largest city, Thessaloniki.	Thessaloniki Metro	Greece
country	Fuerte de Isla Verde (English: Green Island Fort) was a military installation formerly located in Algeciras, Spain.	Fuerte de Isla Verde	Spain
country	Naveh Fereh (Persian: ناوه فره‎, also Romanized as Nāveh Fereh) is a village in Howmeh-ye Sarpol Rural District, in the Central District of Sarpol-e Zahab County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Naveh Fereh	Iran
country	Earthquake zones of India places Gunupur inside seismic zone II on a scale ranging from I to V in order of increasing susceptibility to earthquakes.	Gunupur	India
country	Bahnbetriebswerk Hermeskeil is a small, Prussian locomotive depot at Hermeskeil, in the state of Rhineland-Palatinate in Germany that dates from 1888.	Bahnbetriebswerk Hermeskeil	Germany
country	Bedok View Secondary School is a government co-educational secondary school located in southern Bedok, Singapore, within walking distance of Tanah Merah MRT Station.	Bedok View Secondary School	Singapore
country	Sosnowiec-Pieńki (sɔsˈnɔvjɛt͡s ˈpjɛɲki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stryków, within Zgierz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Sosnowiec-Pieńki	Poland
country	Mollendo is a town bordering the Pacific Ocean in southern Peru.	Mollendo	Peru
country	Nuenen (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈnynə(n))) is a town in the municipality of Nuenen, Gerwen en Nederwetten in the Netherlands.	Nuenen	Netherlands
country	Gazidar (Persian: گزيدر‎, also Romanized as Gazīdar) is a village in Zarabad-e Sharqi Rural District, Zarabad District, Konarak County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Gazidar	Iran
country	The Centre pénitentiaire de Rennes is a women's prison of the French Prison Service in Rennes, Brittany, France.	Centre pénitentiaire de Rennes	France
country	Imnam Dam is a dam on the Bukhan River in North Korea, completed in 2003.	Imnam Dam	North Korea
country	Walt Disney Studios Park is the second of two theme parks built at Disneyland Paris in Marne-la-Vallee, France, opened on March 16, 2002.	Walt Disney Studios Park	France
country	Garfa (Bengali: গরফা) is a southern neighbourhood of Kolkata, India.	Garfa	India
country	San Luis de la Reina is a municipality (north of San Miguel) in the San Miguel department of El Salvador.	San Luis de la Reina	El Salvador
country	Casabona is a comune and town with a population of about 4,000 people in the province of Crotone, in Calabria, southern Italy.	Casabona	Italy
country	La Corbière (Jèrriais: La Corbiéthe) is the extreme south-western point of Jersey in St. Brelade.	La Corbière	Jersey
country	Kerat Gol-e Sofla (Persian: كرتگل سفلي‎, also Romanized as Kerat Gol-e Soflá; also known as Kerat Gol) is a village in Khanmirza Rural District, Khanmirza District, Lordegan County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Kerat Gol-e Sofla	Iran
country	The Amarakaeri Communal Reserve (Reserva Comunal Amarakaeri) is a protected area in Peru located in the Madre de Dios Region, Manú Province.	Amarakaeri Communal Reserve	Peru
country	Pebbair is a village and a Mandal in Mahbubnagar District in the state of Telangana, India.	Pebbair	India
country	Geoffrey Bay is a large sweeping beach on Magnetic Island, Queensland, Australia.	Geoffrey Bay	Australia
country	Pyrgotos is a village south of the City of Kilkis in the Kilkis regional unit, Greece.	Pyrgotos	Greece
country	San Benigno Canavese railway station (Italian: Stazione di San Benigno Canavese) serves the town and comune of San Benigno Canavese, in the Piedmont region, northwestern Italy.	San Benigno Canavese railway station	Italy
country	Alan Baraghush Rural District (Persian: دهستان آلان برآغوش‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Mehraban District, Sarab County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Alan Baraghush Rural District	Iran
country	Gayan District (Pashto: ګيان ولسوالۍ‎, Persian: ولسوالی گیان‎) is a district of Paktika Province, Afghanistan.	Gayan District	Afghanistan
country	Khan Bebin (Persian: خان ببين‎, also Romanized as Khān Bebīn and Khān Beben, Khān Behbīn, Khanbeh Bon', also known as Khān Bīn) is a city in Fenderesk District, in Ramian County in Golestan Province, in northern Iran.	Khan Bebin	Iran
country	Jösse Car was a sports car manufacturer founded in 1997 and located in Arvika, Sweden.	Jösse Car	Sweden
country	Dortmund Hauptbahnhof is the main railway station in Dortmund, North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.	Dortmund Hauptbahnhof	Germany
country	Doi Suthep (ดอยสุเทพ), is a mountain (``doi'') west of Chiang Mai, Thailand.	Doi Suthep	Thailand
country	Mekane Selam Airport (IATA: MKS, ICAO: HAMA) is an airport serving Mekane Selam, a town in the Debub Wollo (or ``South Wollo'') zone of the Amhara region in central Ethiopia.	Mekane Selam Airport	Ethiopia
country	The Boeng Tonle Chhmar Wildlife Sanctuary is a protected area of Cambodia on the edge of the Tonlé Sap lake.	Boeng Tonle Chhmar	Cambodia
country	Whittington, Gloucestershire is a village and rural parish in the county of Gloucestershire in England, United Kingdom.	Whittington, Gloucestershire	United Kingdom
country	Chaupicruz is an electoral parish (Spanish: parroquia electorale urban) or district of Quito, the capital city of Ecuador in northwestern South America.	Chaupicruz	Ecuador
country	Šurlenci (Macedonian: Шурленци) is a village on the northeastern shore of Lake Prespa in the Resen Municipality of the Republic of Macedonia, east of Galičica.	Šurlenci	Macedonia
country	John Therry Catholic High School is a Marist coeducational, comprehensive high school in Rosemeadow, New South Wales, Australia.	John Therry Catholic High School	Australia
country	Chiryakovo (Russian: Чирьяково) is a rural locality (a village) in Zaraysky District of Moscow Oblast, Russia, located 16 kilometers (9.9 mi) east from Zaraysk.	Chiryakovo	Russia
country	The Bar of Quebec (officially the Barreau du Québec in French) is the provincial law society in Quebec, Canada.	Bar of Quebec	Canada
country	Wola Obszańska (ˈvɔla ɔpˈʂaɲska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Obsza, within Biłgoraj County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Wola Obszańska	Poland
country	Charlotte Swenson Memorial Bible Training School (CSMBTS) was started on 8 July 1926 in Rajahmundry, a town in Andhra Pradesh, India.	Charlotte Swenson Memorial Bible Training School	India
country	Six Flags México is an amusement park located in the Tlalpan forest and borough, on the southern edge of Mexico City, Mexico.	Six Flags México	Mexico
country	Burdekin Catholic High School (commonly referred to as BCH or by its official acronym BCHS) is a private, co-educational Catholic secondary school in the town of Ayr, Queensland, Australia.	Burdekin Catholic High School	Australia
country	Stockstadt am Rhein is a community in Groß-Gerau district in Hesse, Germany, lying on the southern edge of the Frankfurt Rhein-Main Region.	Stockstadt am Rhein	Germany
country	Kahriz-e Mayel Kandi (Persian: كهريزمايل كندي‎, also Romanized as Kahrīz-e Māyel Kandī) is a village in Chaybasar-e Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Maku County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Kahriz-e Mayel Kandi	Iran
country	Grahovište is village in Vogošća municipality, near Sarajevo, Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Grahovište	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Aggsbach Charterhouse is a former Carthusian monastery in Aggsbach Dorf in Schönbühel-Aggsbach in Lower Austria.	Aggsbach Charterhouse	Austria
country	Temascaltepec (formally: Temascaltepec de González, for Plutarco González) is a city and seat of the municipality of Temascaltepec located in south of the State of Mexico in Mexico.	Temascaltepec de González	Mexico
country	Khvajehlu (Persian: خواجه لو‎, also Romanized as Khvājehlū) is a village in Hulasu Rural District, in the Central District of Shahin Dezh County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Khvajehlu	Iran
country	Sisupalgarh or Sishupalgarh are a ruined fortification in Khurda District in Odisha, India.	Sisupalgarh	India
country	Towd Lang (Persian: تودلنگ‎) is a village in Taftan-e Jonubi Rural District, Nukabad District, Khash County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Towd Lang	Iran
country	Mals (Italian: Malles Venosta) is a comune (municipality) in South Tyrol in northern Italy, located about 70 kilometres (43 mi) northwest of Bolzano, on the border with Switzerland and Austria.	Mals	Italy
country	HOSMAT, the Hospital for Orthopaedics, Sports Medicine, Arthritis & Trauma, is a 150-bed speciality hospital in central Bangalore, India.	HOSMAT	India
country	Apnenik pri Velikem Trnu (pronounced (aˈpneːnik pɾi ˈʋeːlikɛm ˈtəɾnu)) is a settlement in the hills east of Krško in eastern Slovenia.	Apnenik pri Velikem Trnu	Slovenia
country	The Néouvielle massif is a group of mountains in the Pyrenees in France notable for its lakes and its microclimate.	Néouvielle massif	France
country	Kardhiq Castle (Albanian: Kalaja e Kardhiqit) is a ruined hill fortress located in Kardhiq, southern Albania.	Kardhiq Castle	Albania
country	Lalkurti (literally red shirt; referring to British Infantry from colonial era), is a locality in the heart of Rawalpindi cantonment in Pakistan.	Lalkurti	Pakistan
country	Dellys (Arabic: دلّس‎) is a small Mediterranean town in northern Algeria's coastal Boumerdès Province, almost due north of Tizi-Ouzou and just east of the river Sebaou.	Dellys	Algeria
country	Fougères (Breton: Felger, Gallo: Foujerr) is a commune and a sub-prefecture of the Ille-et-Vilaine department in Brittany in northwestern France.	Fougères	France
country	St. Gabriel's High School (abbreviated SGHS) is an educational institution located in Kazipet, in Warangal district of Telangana, India.	St. Gabriel's High School	India
country	It forms the titular subject of James Hamilton-Paterson's 2004 novel of Tuscany expatriate life, Cooking with Fernet Branca In the 2012 film The Dark Knight Rises, Bruce Wayne's butler Alfred Pennyworth remembers himself sitting in Florence, Italy drinking a Fernet Branca.	Fernet	Italy
country	Gashmi (Persian: گشمي‎, also Romanized as Gashmī) is a village in Surak Rural District, Lirdaf District, Jask County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Gashmi	Iran
country	Stare Dolno (ˈstarɛ ˈdɔlnɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Markusy, within Elbląg County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Stare Dolno	Poland
country	The Hollandsche Manege in Amsterdam is the oldest riding school in the Netherlands, dating back to 1744.	Hollandsche Manege	Netherlands
country	The Bahçelievler massacre is the name given to the events of October 9, 1978 in Bahçelievler, Ankara, Turkey, when seven university students, members of the Turkish Workers' Party, were assassinated by ultra-nationalists including Grey Wolves' leader Abdullah Çatlı, and Haluk Kırcı.	Bahçelievler massacre	Turkey
country	University Hospital Southampton NHS Foundation Trust is an English semi-autonomous unit within the National Health Service in England (not United Kingdom).	University Hospital Southampton NHS Foundation Trust	United Kingdom
country	The Treaty on the Creation of the USSR officially created the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics (USSR), commonly known as the Soviet Union.	Treaty on the Creation of the USSR	Soviet Union
country	Gemini Residence is a residential building on the Islands Brygge waterfront in Copenhagen, Denmark.	Gemini Residence	Denmark
country	Babanabad (Persian: بابان اباد‎, also Romanized as Bābānābād) is a village in Gamasiyab Rural District, in the Central District of Sahneh County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Babanabad	Iran
country	Porsgrunn Station (Norwegian: Porsgrunn stasjon) is a railway station serving Porsgrunn, Norway.	Porsgrunn Station	Norway
country	Almsee, English sometimes Lake Alm, is a lake in Upper Austria's part of the Salzkammergut in the Almtal valley, 11 kilometers (6.8 mi) south of the village of Grünau im Almtal.	Almsee	Austria
country	Ugarchin (Bulgarian: Угърчин) is a town located along the Kamenitsa river in the Lovech Province in central northern Bulgaria.	Ugarchin	Bulgaria
country	Emily Carr University of Art and Design (formerly the Emily Carr Institute of Art and Design) is a public post-secondary University located on Granville Island in Vancouver, BC, Canada.	Emily Carr University of Art and Design	Canada
country	Balut Hesar (Persian: بلوطحصار‎, also Romanized as Balūţ Ḩeşār and Balooţ Ḩeşār; also known as Bālā Ḩeşār and Bala Hisār) is a village in Kafsh Kanan Rural District, in the Central District of Bahmai County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Balut Hesar	Iran
country	The Clutha District is an administrative district of southern New Zealand, with its headquarters in the Otago town of Balclutha.	Clutha District	New Zealand
country	Dunasziget is a village in Győr-Moson-Sopron county, Hungary, with 1477 inhabitants.	Dunasziget	Hungary
country	De-Kastri (Russian: Де-Ка́стри) is a rural locality (a settlement) in Ulchsky District of Khabarovsk Krai, Russia.	De-Kastri	Russia
country	Nowa Prawda (ˈnɔva ˈpravda) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stoczek Łukowski, within Łuków County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Nowa Prawda	Poland
country	The Nevljica is a river in the Municipality of Kamnik, Slovenia.	Nevljica	Slovenia
country	Mohami is a village in Sankhar VDC, Ward No. 5, Syangja District, Gandaki Zone, Nepal.	Mohami	Nepal
country	Zlatan Court is a football field in the city district of Rosengård in Malmö in southern Sweden, dedicated to the footballer Zlatan Ibrahimović.	Zlatan Court	Sweden
country	The Jambi University (UNJA, or Universitas Jambi) is a public university located in Jambi City, Jambi, Indonesia.	Jambi University	Indonesia
country	Gruža Lake (Serbian: Гружанско језеро / Gružansko jezero), is an artificial lake located southwest of the Knić, Serbia.	Gruža Lake	Serbia
country	The Royal Hospital Kilmainham (Irish: Ospidéal Ríochta Chill Mhaighneann) in Kilmainham, Dublin, is one of the finest 17th-century buildings in Ireland.	Royal Hospital Kilmainham	Ireland
country	Annobón Province is a small province of Equatorial Guinea consisting of the island of Annobón and its associated islets in the Gulf of Guinea and Atlantic Ocean's Cameroon Line.	Annobón Province	Equatorial Guinea
country	Brussels Central Station (Bruxelles-Central / Brussel-Centraal) is a metro and railway station in Brussels, the capital city of Belgium.	Brussels Central Station	Belgium
country	Khorram Makan (Persian: خرم مكان‎, also Romanized as Khorram Makān; also known as Khorramkān) is a village in Khorram Makan Rural District, Kamfiruz District, Marvdasht County, Fars Province, Iran.	Khorram Makan	Iran
country	Ribno (pronounced (ˈɾiːbnɔ)) is a settlement in the Municipality of Bled in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Ribno	Slovenia
country	Gladloka (pronounced (ˈɡlaːdlɔka)) is a small settlement on the left bank of the Kolpa River in the Municipality of Kostel in southern Slovenia.	Gladloka	Slovenia
country	Buron is a village in France about 6 kilometres north-west of Caen, in the communes of Saint-Contest and Cairon in Calvados.	Buron	France
country	Havuslu (also, Hovuslu, Khavysly, Khovuslu, and Khovysly) is a village in the Jabrayil Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Havuslu	Azerbaijan
country	Junghua Dam, also spelled Ronghua Dam, (Chinese: 榮華大壩; pinyin: Rónghuá Dàbà; Wade--Giles: Jung2-hua2 Ta4-pa4) is a dam crossing the Dahan River, a tributary to the Tamsui River, in Fuxing District, Taoyuan City, Taiwan.	Junghua Dam	Taiwan
country	Otgol Village (Hangul: 옻골마을) is the clan village of the Gyeongju Choi located in the east of Daegu, South Korea.	Otgol Village	South Korea
country	Kulkani Rural District (Persian: دهستان كولكني‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Majin District, Darreh Shahr County, Ilam Province, Iran.	Kulkani Rural District	Iran
country	West Pomeranian University of Technology, Szczecin (Polish: Zachodniopomorski Uniwersytet Technologiczny w Szczecinie, ZUT) is a technical university in Szczecin, Poland.	West Pomeranian University of Technology	Poland
country	The Asipovichy Reservoir is situated by Svisloch River in Asipovichy Raion, Belarus.	Asipovichy Reservoir	Belarus
country	Jalan Padang Temu (Malacca state route ) is a major roads in Malacca state, Malaysia	Jalan Padang Temu	Malaysia
country	Malaryta (Belarusian: Малары́та) or Malorita (Russian: Малори́та; Polish: Małoryta) is a city in the southwest corner of Brest Region, Belarus and the administrative centre of Malaryta District.	Malaryta	Belarus
country	Talca is a city and commune in Chile located about 255 km (158 mi) south of Santiago, and is the capital of both Talca Province and Maule Region (7th Region of Chile).	Talca	Chile
country	Sfäär (meaning Sphere) is a restaurant and store located at Mere puiestee 6E, in Tallinn, Estonia.	Sfäär	Estonia
country	Lough Derravaragh (Irish: Loch Dairbhreach) is a lough in County Westmeath, Ireland, north of Mullingar between Castlepollard, Crookedwood and Multyfarnham.	Lough Derravaragh	Ireland
country	The Tsubawara Dam, also known as the Tsubakihara Dam, is a gravity dam on the Shō River about 5 km (3.1 mi) north of Shirakawa in Gifu Prefecture, Japan.	Tsubawara Dam	Japan
country	Dobrovody (Ukrainian: Доброводи) is a village located within the Uman Raion (district) of the Cherkasy Oblast (province), Ukraine.	Dobrovody	Ukraine
country	Karian Shola National Park is a protected area in the Western Ghats, India, nominated as a national park in 1989.	Karian Shola National Park	India
country	Sordzha (also, Shordzha) is a village in the Aghjabadi Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Sordzha	Azerbaijan
country	Orust is an island in western Sweden, and Sweden's third largest island.	Orust	Sweden
country	Punta Ballena is a small peninsula (punta) and a resort (balneario), as well as an important tourist attraction on the coast of Río de la Plata in the Maldonado Department of southeastern Uruguay.	Punta Ballena	Uruguay
country	The East Cornwall League (formerly the East Cornwall Premier League) is a football competition based in Cornwall and west Devon, England, in the United Kingdom.	East Cornwall League	United Kingdom
country	Beșghioz (Gagauz: Beşgöz) is a commune and village in the Gagauz Autonomous Territorial Unit of the Republic of Moldova.	Beșghioz	Moldova
country	The Santuario della Madonna del Sangue is a sanctuary in the comune (municipality) of Re, Italy.	Santuario della Madonna del Sangue	Italy
country	Keshavarzi (Persian: كشاورزي‎, also Romanized as Keshāvarzī) is a village in Famur Rural District, Jereh and Baladeh District, Kazerun County, Fars Province, Iran.	Keshavarzi	Iran
country	Dungarpur is a city in the southernmost part of Rajasthan state of India.	Dungarpur	India
country	Bir Lehlou (also transliterated Bir Lahlou, Bir Lehlu Arabic: بير لحلو; Berber: Bir Leḥlu, ⴱⵉⵔ ⵍⴻⵃⵍⵓ) is an oasis town in north-eastern Western Sahara, 236 km from Smara, near the Mauritanian border and east of the border wall, in Polisario Front-held territory.	Bir Lehlou	Western Sahara
country	As of the 2001 India census, Kot Fatta has a population of 6493.	Kot Fatta	India
country	The Vancouver International Jazz Festival is an annual summer event in Vancouver, Canada.	Vancouver International Jazz Festival	Canada
country	Zorkul (or Sir-i-kol) is a lake in the Pamir Mountains that runs along the border between Afghanistan and Tajikistan.	Zorkul	Tajikistan
country	Chempanoda/Chempanod (ചെമ്പനോട) is a village towards the north east of Kozhikode district of Kerala in India.	Chempanoda	India
country	Lieli is a village in the canton of Lucerne, Switzerland.	Lieli	Switzerland
country	Lake Chany (Russian: озеро Чаны) is one of the largest lakes in Russia.	Lake Chany	Russia
country	Hasanabad-e Ab Kurak (Persian: حسن ابادابكورك‎, also Romanized as Ḩasanābād-e Āb Kūrak; also known as Ḩasanābād and Hasan Abad Pishkooh) is a village in Kezab Rural District, Khezrabad District, Saduq County, Yazd Province, Iran.	Hasanabad-e Ab Kurak	Iran
country	The Bundesverband Öffentlicher Banken Deutschlands (Federal Association of Public Banks in Germany) is the association of national and regional state banks.	Bundesverband Öffentlicher Banken Deutschlands	Germany
country	Gunour is a village of the Panna district (gram panchayat Gunour) within Madhya Pradesh state in central India.	Gunour	India
country	Wayllaqucha (Quechua waylla meadow, qucha lake, ``meadow lake'', hispanicized spelling Huaillaccocha) is a mountain in the Ch'ila mountain range in the Andes of Peru, about 5,100 metres (16,732 ft) high.	Wayllaqucha	Peru
country	Molleres is a village in Andorra, located in the parish of Canillo.	Molleres	Andorra
country	Bekenu (also known as Bekenu Bazaar or Bakenu) is a small fishing town near Miri, in Sarawak, Malaysia.	Bekenu	Malaysia
country	Faculty of Health Sciences and Physical Culture of Kazimierz Pułaski University of Technology and Humanities in Radom is a nursing school and one of eight divisions of Kazimierz Pułaski University of Technology and Humanities in Radom, Poland.	Faculty of Health Sciences and Physical Culture of Kazimierz Pułaski University of Technology and Humanities in Radom	Poland
country	Siah Sufian (Persian: سياه صوفيان‎, also Romanized as Sīāh Şūfīān) is a village in Belesbeneh Rural District, Kuchesfahan District, Rasht County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Siah Sufian	Iran
country	Sfakiotes (Greek: Σφακιώτες) is a former municipality on the island of Lefkada, Ionian Islands, Greece.	Sfakiotes	Greece
country	Tyube (Russian: Тюбе) is an urban locality (an urban-type settlement) in Kumtorkalinsky District of the Republic of Dagestan, Russia.	Tyube	Russia
country	Konodimini is a village and rural commune in the Cercle of Ségou in the Ségou Region of southern-central Mali.	Konodimini	Mali
country	Jeunesse Sportive d'El Biar, referred to commonly as JS El Biar or JSEB for short, is an Algerian football club based in the El Biar district of Alger, Algeria.	JS El Biar	Algeria
country	Silwerboomkloof Natural Heritage Site is a small, protected valley (``kloof''), near the Helderberg Nature Reserve, in Cape Town, South Africa.	Silwerboomkloof Natural Heritage Site	South Africa
country	Ezuz (Hebrew: עֱזוּז) is a small communal settlement in the Negev desert, Israel.	Ezuz	Israel
country	Tri Sestry (Russian: Три сестры the three sisters) is a stratovolcano located in the central part of Urup Island, Kuril Islands, Russia.	Tri Sestry	Russia
country	When the communities were formed in Belgium in 1795, Velm became an independent community.	Velm	Belgium
country	Teslin Water Aerodrome (TC LID: CEE9) was located 3 nautical miles (5.6 km; 3.5 mi) west of Teslin, Yukon, Canada.	Teslin Water Aerodrome	Canada
country	Anyimon is a town located in the mid-western part of Ghana.	Anyimon	Ghana
country	Lake Szelid (Szelidi-tó) is a lake in Bács-Kiskun county, Hungary.	Lake Szelid	Hungary
country	Qaleh-ye Bahador (Persian: قلعه بهادر‎, also Romanized as Qal``eh-ye Bahādor) is a village in Teshkan Rural District, Chegeni District, Dowreh County, Lorestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 230, in 47 families.	Qaleh-ye Bahador	Iran
country	Northbrook Island (Russian: остров Нортбрук) is an island located at 79.9°N 50.9°E in the southern edge of the Franz Josef Archipelago, Russia.	Northbrook Island	Russia
country	Baqar Nizamani is a village located at 25.171699,68.582754 in Tando Muhammad Khan District, Sindh, Pakistan.	Baqar Nizamani	Pakistan
country	Old Kandahar (locally known as Zorr Shaar; Pashto: زوړ ښار‎, meaning ``Old City'') is a historical section of the city of Kandahar in southern Afghanistan.	Old Kandahar	Afghanistan
country	Baltinava parish (Latvian: Baltinavas pagasts) was an administrative unit of the ex-Balvi District, Latvia.	Baltinava parish	Latvia
country	Kolokol Group (Russian: Группа Колокола) is a group of somma volcanoes located in the central part of Urup Island, Kuril Islands, Russia.	Kolokol Group	Russia
country	Cantonment Public School (Urdu: کینٹونمنٹ پبلک اسکول ), shortened to 'Cantt Public School', was a fee paying school located in Karachi, Pakistan.	Cantonment Public School	Pakistan
country	Elburg ( pronunciation ) is a municipality and a city in the province of Gelderland, Netherlands.	Elburg	Netherlands
country	Stokken Church (Norwegian: Stokken kirke) is a church built in 1879 in Saltrød in Aust-Agder county, Norway.	Stokken Church	Norway
country	Deh Bardel-e Dam Saqaveh (Persian: ده بردل دم سقاوه‎, also Romanized as Deh Bardel-e Dam Saqāveh) is a village in Margown Rural District, Margown District, Boyer-Ahmad County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Deh Bardel-e Dam Saqaveh	Iran
country	Khuneh-ye Varz (Persian: خونه ورز‎, also Romanized as Khūneh-ye Varz) is a village in Dar Agah Rural District, in the Central District of Hajjiabad County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Khuneh-ye Varz	Iran
country	The Wuci Fishery Harbor (Chinese: 梧棲漁港; pinyin: Wúqī Yúgǎng) is a harbor and fish market in Qingshui District, Taichung, Taiwan.	Wuci Fishery Harbor	Taiwan
country	San Martín Texmelucan de Labastida is a city in the west-central part of the state of Puebla in Mexico, adjacent to the southwest corner of the state of Tlaxcala.	San Martín Texmelucan	Mexico
country	Torsvåg Lighthouse (Norwegian: Torsvåg fyr) is a coastal lighthouse located in the municipality of Karlsøy in Troms county, Norway.	Torsvåg Lighthouse	Norway
country	North South University (Bengali: নর্থসাউথ বিশ্ববিদ্যালয়) or NSU is the first private university of Bangladesh.	North South University	Bangladesh
country	Nezavertailovca (Ukrainian: Незавертайлівка, Russian: Незавертайловка) is a village and commune in the Slobozia sub-district of Transnistria, Moldova.	Nezavertailovca	Moldova
country	Râu Alb is a commune in Dâmboviţa County, Romania, with 1500 inhabitants.	Râu Alb	Romania
country	The McConnell River is located in the Kivalliq Region of northern Canada's territory of Nunavut.	McConnell River	Canada
country	The Big Golden Guitar is one of the many ``big'' attractions that can be found around Australia.	Golden Guitar	Australia
country	Caño Negro Wildlife Refuge is a Wildlife refuge, part of the Arenal Huetar Norte Conservation Area, in the northern part of Costa Rica twenty kilometers south of Los Chiles near the border with Nicaragua in the Alajuela province.	Caño Negro Wildlife Refuge	Costa Rica
country	Valle de Trápaga-Trapagaran (Basque: Trapagaran, Spanish: Valle de Trápaga) is a town and municipality located in the province of Biscay, in the autonomous community of Basque Country, northern Spain.	Valle de Trápaga-Trapagaran	Spain
country	Narhi (Nagra) is a village in Rasra Tehsil in Ballia district of Uttar Pradesh State, India.	Narhi (Nagra)	India
country	Yashresh (Hebrew: יַשְׁרֵשׁ, lit. (He) will Take Root) is a moshav in central Israel.	Yashresh	Israel
country	Sluseholmen Canal District (Danish: Sluseholmen Kanalby) is a residential development on the Sluseholmen peninsula in the South Harbour area of Copenhagen, Denmark.	Sluseholmen Canal District	Denmark
country	Kłódno (ˈkwudnɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wartkowice, within Poddębice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Kłódno	Poland
country	Skanderborg Municipality is a municipality (Danish, kommune) in Region Midtjylland on the Jutland peninsula in central Denmark, just southwest of Aarhus and is a part of the East Jutland metropolitan area.	Skanderborg Municipality	Denmark
country	Doleib Hill was a mission station established by the American Inland Mission in southern Sudan, located approximately 10 miles (16 km) south of the city of Malakal, on the northern bank of the Sobat River, then in the former Upper Nile province of Sudan, the present day Upper Nile state of South Sudan.	Doleib Hill	South Sudan
country	Nepean Bay is a bay located on the north-east coast of Kangaroo Island, South Australia and about 130 kilometres (81 mi) south-south-west of Adelaide.	Nepean Bay	Australia
country	Czarny Bór (ˈt͡ʂarnɨ ˈbur) (German: Schwarzwaldau) is a village in Wałbrzych County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Czarny Bór	Poland
country	Zellaf Reserve (Arabic: زلاف‎) is a protected reserve of Libya.	Zellaf Reserve	Libya
country	Vallo della Lucania (commonly known simply as Vallo) is a town and comune in the province of Salerno in the Campania region of south-western Italy.	Vallo della Lucania	Italy
country	On March 1, 2008, The National Parcs were awarded a MIMI-GAMIQ prize for the artist that would benefit most of support in Quebec and Canada.	The National Parcs	Canada
country	El Tigre (Spanish pronunciation: (el ˈtiɣɾe)) is a city of Venezuela located in the state Anzoátegui.	El Tigre	Venezuela
country	Keshav Puram, also known as Lawrence Road, is a leafy suburb in the North West district of Delhi, India.	Keshav Puram	India
country	Interlagos is a middle-class neighborhood located in the district of Socorro in the city of São Paulo, Brazil.	Interlagos	Brazil
country	Bengtsår is an island in the municipality of Hanko, Finland.	Bengtsår	Finland
country	Emmarentia (which usually encompases Emmarentia Ridge and Emmarentia Ext. 1) is a suburb of Johannesburg, South Africa.	Emmarentia	South Africa
country	Portland Inlet is an inlet of the Pacific Ocean on the coast of British Columbia, Canada, approximately 55 kilometers north of Prince Rupert, British Columbia.	Portland Inlet	Canada
country	Uunarteq, formerly Kap Tobin, is an abandoned settlement in the Sermersooq municipality in eastern Greenland, located 7 km (4.3 mi) south of Ittoqqortoormiit.	Uunarteq	Greenland
country	Kanevka (Russian: Каневка) is a rural locality (a selo) in Lovozersky District of Murmansk Oblast, Russia, located beyond the Arctic Circle on the Kola Peninsula at a height of 136 meters (446 ft) above sea level.	Kanevka	Russia
country	The Monterrey College of Music and Dance (Escuela Superior de Música y Danza de Monterrey in Spanish) is a public music college in Monterrey, Mexico.	Monterrey College of Music and Dance	Mexico
country	Bullenbaai is a bay on the central west coast of Curaçao in the Netherlands Antilles.	Bullenbaai	Netherlands
country	Kahur Beygi (Persian: كهوربگي‎, also Romanized as Kahūr Beygī) is a village in Ganjabad Rural District, Esmaili District, Anbarabad County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Kahur Beygi	Iran
country	Bayswater Secondary College is a state secondary college located in the suburb of Bayswater in eastern Melbourne, Australia.	Bayswater Secondary College	Australia
country	Mohammadyar District (Persian: بخش محمدیار‎) is a district (bakhsh) in Naqadeh County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Mohammadyar District	Iran
country	Ogin-dong (옥인동) is a dong (neighbourhood) of Jongno-gu in Seoul, South Korea.	Ogin-dong	South Korea
country	Kombuļi parish (Latvian: Kombuļu pagasts, Latgalian: Kumbuļa pogosts) is an administrative unit of Krāslava Municipality, Latvia.	Kombuļi parish	Latvia
country	Veedur is a village panchayat in the Viluppuram district of Tamil Nadu state, India.	Veedur	India
country	Bliżów (ˈbliʐuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Adamów, within Zamość County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Bliżów	Poland
country	The Left Youth Solid (styled left youth ('solid); German: linksjugend ('solid)) is a political youth organization in Germany.	Left Youth Solid	Germany
country	National Museum of Colombo, also known as the Sri Lanka National Museum is one of two museums in Colombo.	National Museum of Colombo	Sri Lanka
country	Radom railway station is a railway station in Radom, Masovian Voivodeship, Poland.	Radom railway station	Poland
country	Mrzla Planina (pronounced (ˈməɾzla plaˈniːna)) is a dispersed settlement in the hills northeast of Sevnica in east-central Slovenia.	Mrzla Planina	Slovenia
country	Mount Mutis is the highest point of East Nusa Tenggara, Indonesia, at 2,427 metres (7,963 ft) above sea level.	Mount Mutis	Indonesia
country	Lorient (French pronunciation: ​(lɔ.ʁjɑ̃); Breton: An Oriant) is a commune and a seaport in the Morbihan department in Brittany in north-western France.	Lorient	France
country	Bicentennial Park South is a football (soccer) stadium in Rockdale, a suburb of Sydney in New South Wales, Australia.	Bicentennial Park South	Australia
country	Mazraeh-ye Shuru Hajjiabad (Persian: مزرعه شوروحاجي اباد‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Shūrū Ḩājjīābād) is a village in Rizab Rural District, Qatruyeh District, Neyriz County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 48, in 10 families.	Mazraeh-ye Shuru Hajjiabad	Iran
country	The Aswan Dam is an embankment dam built across the Nile at Aswan, Egypt between 1898 and 1902.	Aswan Dam	Egypt
country	The Star Mountains (Dutch (colonial): Sterrengebergte; Indonesian Pegunungan Bintang) are a mountain range in western Papua New Guinea, stretching from the border with Indonesia, at about 5°S 141°E to the Hindenburg Range.	Star Mountains	Papua New Guinea
country	Sereď was the site of one of three labour camps for Jews established in the Slovak state, a Nazi client state during World War II. The Jewish Code adopted by Slovakia in 1941 established labour camps for Jews.	Sereď	Slovakia
country	The Murgul mine is a large mine in the east of Turkey in Artvin Province 465 km east of the capital, Ankara.	Murgul mine	Turkey
country	The Gomoa District is a former district that was located in the Central Region of Akanland, Ghana.	Gomoa District	Ghana
country	Ipeľský Sokolec (Hungarian: Ipolyszakállos) is a village and municipality in the Levice District in the Nitra Region of Slovakia.	Ipeľský Sokolec	Slovakia
country	Hoykenkamp is small village in Lower Saxony, Germany, north west of Delmenhorst.	Hoykenkamp	Germany
country	Morrano is a village in the municipality of Bierge, in the northwest comarca of Somontano de Barbastro in province of Huesca, Aragon, Spain.	Morrano	Spain
country	Ajloun Baptist School (Arabic: المدرسة المعمدانية - عجلون) is a private, co-educational school based in Jordan.	Ajloun Baptist School	Jordan
country	Nový Bor (Czech pronunciation: (ˈnoviː ˈbor); German: Haida) is a town in the Liberec Region of the Czech Republic.	Nový Bor	Czech Republic
country	Dorrigo Mountain, a mountain on the Great Dividing Range, is located in the Northern Tablelands region of New South Wales, Australia.	Dorrigo Mountain	Australia
country	Kulusuk Airport (Greenlandic: Mittarfik Kulusuk) (IATA: KUS, ICAO: BGKK) is an airport in Kulusuk, a settlement on an island of the same name off the shore of the North Atlantic in the Sermersooq municipality in southeastern Greenland.	Kulusuk Airport	Greenland
country	Duivenvoorde Castle (Dutch: Kasteel Duivenvoorde) is a castle in the town of Voorschoten, South Holland, in the Netherlands.	Duivenvoorde Castle	Netherlands
country	Universitas Terbuka (UT, literally Open University) is Indonesia's 45th state university and employs open and distance learning (ODL) system to widen access to higher education to all Indonesian citizens, including those who live in remote islands throughout the country as well as in various parts of the world.	Universitas Terbuka	Indonesia
country	Ewens Ponds Conservation Park is a protected area including the Ewens Ponds and some adjoining land about 8.4 kilometres (5.2 mi) east of Port MacDonnell in South Australia and about 25 kilometres (16 mi) south of Mount Gambier.	Ewens Ponds Conservation Park	Australia
country	Camp Enari (also known as Dragon Mountain Base Camp and Hensel Airfield) is a former U.S. Army base east of Pleiku in the Central Highlands of Vietnam.	Camp Enari	Vietnam
country	The 2014 Pan Pacific Swimming Championships, also known as the 2014 Hancock Prospecting Pan Pacific Swimming Championships, a long course (50 m) event, was held in Gold Coast, Queensland, Australia, from 21 to 25 August 2014.	2014 Pan Pacific Swimming Championships	Australia
country	The Newmarket Line is a railway line in Auckland, New Zealand, that runs between Quay Park Junction, near Britomart Transport Centre, and Newmarket Train Station.	Newmarket Line	New Zealand
country	The Jardin botanique des Cordeliers is a botanical garden located at the Place des Cordeliers, Digne-les-Bains, Alpes-de-Haute-Provence, Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur, France.	Jardin botanique des Cordeliers	France
country	Mount Silisili is the highest peak in Samoa and the Samoa Islands chain.	Silisili	Samoa
country	The Öland Bridge (Swedish: Ölandsbron) is a road bridge connecting Kalmar on mainland Sweden to Färjestaden on the island of Öland to its east.	Öland Bridge	Sweden
country	Patscherkofel is a mountain and ski area in the Alps, in Tyrol in western Austria, 7 km (4 mi.)	Patscherkofel	Austria
country	Kratié Airport (IATA: KTI, ICAO: VDKT), is an airport in the capital town of Kratié in Kratié Province, Cambodia.	Kratié Airport	Cambodia
country	San Felipe del Progreso is a town and municipality in the northwest of the State of Mexico.	San Felipe del Progreso	Mexico
country	Si Bon (Persian: سي بن‎, also Romanized as Sī Bon) is a village in Langarud Rural District, Salman Shahr District, Abbasabad County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Si Bon	Iran
country	The Provincially Administered Tribal Areas (PATA) were Pakistani administrative subdivisions designated in the Article 246(b) of the Constitution of Pakistan.	Provincially Administered Tribal Areas	Pakistan
country	Kırklareli Science High School (known as Kırklareli High School of Science or Kırklareli Fen Lisesi in Turkish) is a high school in Kırklareli-Turkey with a concentration on science and maths.	Kırklareli Science High School	Turkey
country	Chottanikkara (Malayalam: ചോറ്റാനിക്കര) is a panchayat situated in Ernakulam District, Kerala, India.	Chottanikkara	India
country	Attica (Greek: Αττική, Attikḗ or Attikī́; Ancient Greek: (atːikɛ̌ː) or Modern: (atiˈci)) is a historical region that encompasses the city of Athens, the capital of Greece.	Attica	Greece
country	Mazraeh-ye Zardalu (Persian: مزرعه زردلو‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Zardalū) is a village in Chashm Rural District, Shahmirzad District, Mehdishahr County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 14, in 4 families.	Mazraeh-ye Zardalu	Iran
country	Marra Biete is a former province of Ethiopia, located inside the boundaries of the modern Semien Shewa Zone of the Amhara Region, north of Shewa Meda.	Marra Biete	Ethiopia
country	The Canal du Clignon is a canal in northern France connecting Canal de l'Ourcq in Neufchelles to Montigny-l'Allier.	Canal du Clignon	France
country	Aréna Sopron (official sponsored name Novomatic Musical Aréna Sopron, previously MKB Aréna) in a multi-purpose indoor arena in Sopron, Hungary.	Aréna Sopron	Hungary
country	Dardamel-e Hoseynali (Persian: داردمل حسينعلي‎, also Romanized as Dārdamel-e Ḩoseyn``alī) is a village in Afrineh Rural District, Mamulan District, Pol-e Dokhtar County, Lorestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 36, in 6 families.	Dardamel-e Hoseynali	Iran
country	The Dobropillia Raion (Ukrainian: Добропільський район, translit.: Dobropil's'kyi raion; Russian: Добропо́льский район, translit.: Dobropol'skiy raion) is a raion (district) within the southwestern part of Donetsk Oblast in eastern Ukraine.	Dobropillia Raion	Ukraine
country	In addition, the Monasterium Magnificat of Westmalle is the only monastery of the Annunciade Order in Belgium.	Westmalle	Belgium
country	The Hollandsche Vliegtuigenfabriek Avia was a two seat biplane, designed and displayed in the Netherlands in 1918.	Hollandsche Vliegtuigenfabriek Avia	Netherlands
country	Waikato Diocesan School for Girls is a state-integrated single-sex girls' secondary school in Hamilton, New Zealand.	Waikato Diocesan School	New Zealand
country	Rural districts were a type of local government area -- now superseded -- established at the end of the 19th century in England, Wales, and Ireland for the administration of predominantly rural areas at a level lower than that of the administrative counties.	Rural district	England	Wales	Ireland
country	Tahvonlahti (Finnish), Stansvik (Swedish) is a southeastern neighborhood of Helsinki, Finland.	Tahvonlahti	Finland
country	Ministry of National Defense Ministry FC, is a football (soccer) club in Phnom Penh, Cambodia.	National Defense Ministry FC	Cambodia
country	Matlock, Manitoba is a resort community that comprises the southernmost part of the Village of Dunnottar, Manitoba, Canada, on the southwestern shore of Lake Winnipeg.	Matlock, Manitoba	Canada
country	Aquanura is the name of a fountain system in the Efteling theme park in the Netherlands.	Aquanura	Netherlands
country	Sayyidah Zaynab Mosque (Arabic: مسجد السيدة زينب‎) is a mosque located in the city of Sayyidah Zaynab, in the southern suburbs of Damascus, Syria.	Sayyidah Zaynab Mosque	Syria
country	The Old Dalby Test Track is a railway in the United Kingdom which is used for testing new designs of trains.	Old Dalby Test Track	United Kingdom
country	Beyt-e Bavi (Persian: بيت باوي‎, also Romanized as Beyt-e Bāvī; also known as Bāvi, Shamaklī, Shemālī, and Shomakelī) is a village in Moshrageh Rural District, Moshrageh District, Ramshir County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Beyt-e Bavi	Iran
country	The Sydney Mint in Sydney, Australia, is the oldest public building in the Sydney Central Business District.	Sydney Mint	Australia
country	Chalno-Parcele (ˈxalnɔ parˈt͡sɛlɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Topólka, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Chalno-Parcele	Poland
country	Alborzabad (Persian: البرزاباد‎, also Romanized as Alborzābād) is a village in Manj Rural District, Manj District, Lordegan County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Alborzabad	Iran
country	Redwood Railway Station on the suburban rail network of Wellington, New Zealand, is on the North Island Main Trunk Railway (NIMT).	Redwood Railway Station	New Zealand
country	Lake Smerdiacheje (Озеро Смердячье - lake which smells bad) is a small lake in Moscow Oblast of Russia near Shatura 4 km north from the nearest village Bakhscheevo (Бакшеево).	Lake Smerdiacheje	Russia
country	Pelopio (Greek: Πελόπιο, before 1928: Κριεκούκι - Kriekouki) is a settlement in the municipality of Ancient Olympia, Elis, Greece.	Pelopio	Greece
country	Roghun District or Nohiyai Roghun (Tajik: Ноҳияи Роғун / Persian: ناحیهٔ راغون‎) is a small district in the Region of Republican Subordination in Tajikistan, bordering on Faizobod District from the west, the Vahdat District from the north-west, and the Nurobod District from the north-east.	Roghun District	Tajikistan
country	Lake Rukwa is an endorheic lake in the Rukwa Valley of southwestern Tanzania.	Lake Rukwa	Tanzania
country	The Hoddle Bridge is an arch bridge over the Yarra River between Richmond and South Yarra, Melbourne, Australia.	Hoddle Bridge	Australia
country	Shalkar (Kazakh: Шалқар) is a town and the administrative center of Shalkar District in Aktobe Region of western Kazakhstan.	Shalkar	Kazakhstan
country	Boneh-ye Molla Ahmad (Persian: بنه ملااحمد‎, also Romanized as Boneh-ye Mollā Aḩmad) is a village in Howmeh-ye Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Ramhormoz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Boneh-ye Molla Ahmad	Iran
country	Yakubu Gowon Airport (IATA: JOS, ICAO: DNJO), also known as Jos Airport, is an airport serving Jos, a city in the Plateau State of Nigeria.	Yakubu Gowon Airport	Nigeria
country	Zarqi (Persian: زرقي‎, also Romanized as Zarqī) is a village in Soltanabad Rural District, in the Central District of Khoshab County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Zarqi	Iran
country	Qasr Ibrim (Arabic: قصر ابريم‎) is an archaeological site in Lower Nubia, located in the modern country of Egypt.	Qasr Ibrim	Egypt
country	Local government responsibilities are shared by Burnley Borough Council and Lancashire County Council; at a national level the town gives its name to a seat in the United Kingdom parliament and as a result is subject to the European Parliament.	Burnley	United Kingdom
country	Eshkalan (Persian: اشكلن‎, also Romanized as Eshkalān) is a village in Lulaman Rural District, in the Central District of Fuman County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Eshkalan	Iran
country	The National Schools Symphony Orchestra -- known for short as the NSSO -- is a national orchestra in which the members are young people of secondary school age living in and around the United Kingdom.	National Schools Symphony Orchestra	United Kingdom
country	Sowali is a village in India, under the district of Nanded and is located between Biloli and Bodhan.	Sowali	India
country	Monte Maggiorasca is a mountain on the border between Liguria and Emilia-Romagna, northern Italy.	Monte Maggiorasca	Italy
country	Sant Andreu de Tresponts is a Benedictine monastery in the Province of Lleida, Catalonia, Spain.	Sant Andreu de Tresponts	Spain
country	Binayak Acharya College is a college situated near Haradakhandi, in Berhampur, Odisha, India.	Binayak Acharya College	India
country	Lago Arancio (Italian for ``orange tree lake'' ) is a lake in the Province of Agrigento, Sicily, Italy.	Lago Arancio	Italy
country	Ünlükaya (formerly Narman and Kışlaköy) is a town in Erzurum Province, Turkey.	Ünlükaya	Turkey
country	Rożenno (rɔˈʐɛnnɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzeziny, within Kalisz County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Rożenno	Poland
country	The Herz-Jesu-Kirche (English: Church of the Sacred Heart of Jesus) is the largest church in Graz, Austria.	Herz-Jesu-Kirche	Austria
country	Karangetang (also known as Api Siau) is a volcano located on the north side of Siau Island off the coast of Sulawesi, Indonesia.	Karangetang	Indonesia
country	Khmer Loeu (Khmer: ខ្មែរលើ, Khmer pronunciation: (kʰmae ləː), ``upland Khmer''), is the collective name given to the various indigenous ethnic groups residing in the highlands of Cambodia.	Khmer Loeu	Cambodia
country	Skhirat (Arabic: الصخيرات‎, Spanish: Sjirat) is a small seaside town situated between the administrative capital Rabat and the economic capital Casablanca, known within Morocco for its idyllic beaches on the edge of the Atlantic Ocean.	Skhirat	Morocco
country	Porta San Pancrazio is one of the southern gates of the Aurelian walls in Rome (Italy).	Porta San Pancrazio	Italy
country	Emmaboda is a locality and the seat of Emmaboda Municipality, Kalmar County, Sweden.	Emmaboda	Sweden
country	Wachwaqucha (Quechua wachwa Andean goose, qucha lake, lagoon, ``Andean goose lake'', hispanicized spelling Huachuguacocha) is a lake in Peru located in the Lima Region, Huarochiri Province, Carampoma District.	Wachwaqucha	Peru
country	Buol Regency (Indonesian: Kabupaten Buol) is a regency (second-level administrative division) of Central Sulawesi Province of Indonesia.	Buol Regency	Indonesia
country	Gharo Wind Power Plant is an underconstruction wind power generation project being built in the persistently wind-swept corridor of Gharo, Sindh, Pakistan.	Gharo Wind Power Plant	Pakistan
country	Yttergran Church (Swedish: Yttergrans kyrka) is a medieval Lutheran church in the Archdiocese of Uppsala in Uppsala County, Sweden.	Yttergran Church	Sweden
country	Leknes Airport (Norwegian: Leknes lufthavn) (IATA: LKN, ICAO: ENLK) is a regional airport serving the town of Leknes and the surrounding areas in the Lofoten archipelago in Nordland county, Norway.	Leknes Airport	Norway
country	Ailama or Ahlama (Georgian: აილამა, აჰლამა) is a peak in the central part of the Svaneti section of the Greater Caucasus Mountain Range, located in the Samegrelo-Zemo Svaneti region of Georgia, at the source of the river Koruldashi.	Ailama	Georgia
country	Diners Club Arena, originally known as Eishalle Lido, is an indoor sporting arena located in Rapperswil, Switzerland.	Diners Club Arena	Switzerland
country	The Scenics are a band from Toronto, Ontario, Canada, active from 1976 to 1982, and from 2008 to the present.	The Scenics	Canada
country	Berkat Tush (Persian: بركت توش‎, also Romanized as Berkat Tūsh) is a village in Pir Sohrab Rural District, in the Central District of Chabahar County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Berkat Tush	Iran
country	The Ontario Hockey Federation (OHF) is the governing body of all sanctioned ice hockey in the province of Ontario in Canada, except for those portions governed by Hockey Northwestern Ontario and the Hockey Eastern Ontario.	Ontario Hockey Federation	Canada
country	The 1969 European Cup Final was a football match held at the Santiago Bernabéu, Madrid, on 28 May 1969, that saw Milan of Italy play against Ajax of the Netherlands to determine who would be the champions of Europe that season.	1969 European Cup Final	Netherlands
country	Burgwalde is a municipality in the district of Eichsfeld in Thuringia, Germany, part of the Verwaltungsgemeinschaft Hanstein-Rusteberg.	Burgwalde	Germany
country	Nowshera Junction railway station (Urdu: نوشہرہ جنکشن ریلوے اسٹیشن ‎) is located in Nowshera city, Nowshera district of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of the Pakistan.	Nowshera Junction railway station	Pakistan
country	In 1998 DMG Radio Australia bought both 2WG and FM93 (now 93.1 StarFM).	2WG	Australia
country	Dar Badam (Persian: داربادام‎, also Romanized as Dār Bādām; also known as Dār Bādām-e ``Olyā) is a village in Gowavar Rural District, Govar District, Gilan-e Gharb County, Kermanshah Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 342, in 73 families.	Dar Badam	Iran
country	Sela pri Šmarju (pronounced (ˈseːla pɾi ˈʃmaːɾju); in older sources also Selo, German: Sela) is a small village in the Municipality of Grosuplje in central Slovenia.	Sela pri Šmarju	Slovenia
country	Quốc Ân Temple (Chùa Quốc Ân) is a Buddhist temple in the city of Huế, central Vietnam.	Quốc Ân Temple	Vietnam
country	Ambelau or Ambalau is a volcanic island in the Banda Sea within Maluku Islands of Indonesia.	Ambelau	Indonesia
country	Österlånggatan (Swedish: Eastern Long Street) is a street in Gamla stan, the old town of Stockholm, Sweden.	Österlånggatan	Sweden
country	Kuruwita is a town in the Ratnapura District of Sabaragamuwa Province of Sri Lanka.	Kuruwita	Sri Lanka
country	Islamabad (/ɪzˈlɑːməˌbɑːd/; Urdu: اسلام آباد‎, Islāmābād, Urdu pronunciation: (ɪsˌlɑːmɑˈbɑːd̪)) is the capital city of Pakistan located within the Islamabad Capital Territory.	Islamabad	Pakistan
country	Jamsil Indoor Swimming Pool (Hangul: 잠실 제1수영장; hanja: 蠶室第1水泳場) is an aquatics venue located in Seoul, South Korea.	Jamsil Indoor Swimming Pool	South Korea
country	Castello Cova (``Cova Castle''), also known as Palazzo Viviani Cova (``Viviani-Cova Palace'') is a historical building in Milan, northern Italy, close to the Basilica of Sant'Ambrogio.	Castello Cova	Italy
country	Thekkumbhagam (Malayalam: തെക്കുംഭാഗം/പരവൂര്‍ തെക്കുംഭാഗം) or Thekkumbhagom is the southern border town of Paravur municipality in the Kollam district of Kerala, India.	Thekkumbhagam	India
country	Timoradza (Hungarian: Timorháza) is a village and municipality in Bánovce nad Bebravou District in the Trenčín Region of north-western Slovakia.	Timoradza	Slovakia
country	The Don Mariano Marcos Memorial State University, more often referred to by the acronym ``DMMMSU'' (pronounced DEEM-su) is the state university serving the province of La Union in the Philippines.	Don Mariano Marcos Memorial State University	Philippines
country	Čabraď Castle (Slovak: Čabradský hrad, Hungarian: Csábrág) is a castle ruin in Slovakia near the village of Čabradský Vrbovok, in the southeast of Krupina.	Čabraď Castle	Slovakia
country	Sefkerin (Serbian Cyrillic: Сефкерин) is a village in Serbia.	Sefkerin	Serbia
country	Duchny-Wieluny (ˈduxnɨ vjɛˈlunɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rutki, within Zambrów County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Duchny-Wieluny	Poland
country	Wonderland City was an amusement park located at Tamarama, on Wonderland Avenue near the point at which it joins Fletcher Street, in Sydney, Australia.	Wonderland City	Australia
country	Novokuznetsk (Russian: Новокузнецк; IPA: (nəvəkʊzˈnʲɛtsk); literally: ``new smith's'') is a city in Kemerovo Oblast in south-western Siberia, Russia.	Novokuznetsk	Russia
country	Brisbane Square is a high-rise building in Brisbane, Queensland, Australia.	Brisbane Square	Australia
country	The Archeologisch Museum Haarlem is a museum in the cellar of the Vleeshal on the Grote Markt in Haarlem, the Netherlands, dedicated to promoting interest and conserving the archeological heritage of Kennemerland.	Archeologisch Museum Haarlem	Netherlands
country	Črešnjevec pri Dragatušu (pronounced (ˈtʃɾeːʃnjɛʋəts pɾi dɾaɡaˈtuːʃu); German: Kerschdorf) is a small settlement in the hills southeast of Dragatuš in the Municipality of Črnomelj in the White Carniola area of southeastern Slovenia.	Črešnjevec pri Dragatušu	Slovenia
country	Larressore (Basque Larresoro) is a town in the traditional Basque province of Labourd, now a commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in south-western France.	Larressore	France
country	Ghonchi, also Ganchi (Tajik: Ғончӣ, Persian: غانچی‎‎, Russian: Ганчи), is a town and Jamoat in northern Tajikistan.	Ghonchi	Tajikistan
country	Soongsil University College of Law is part of Soongsil University (SSU), a private Christian university in South Korea.	Soongsil University College of Law	South Korea
country	The Vancouver Downtown Historic Railway was a heritage streetcar line that operated from 1998 to 2011 between Granville Island and Olympic Village Station (north of 6th Ave just east of Ash Street) in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada.	Vancouver Downtown Historic Railway	Canada
country	Strojców (ˈstrɔi̯t͡suf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bolesław, within Dąbrowa County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Strojców	Poland
country	The Brisbane Bombers NRL Expansion Bid strategy is based on a ``Battle for Brisbane'', seeking to provide a push for a second Rugby League side in Brisbane, as well as a team to rival the Broncos in Australia's 3rd largest city.	Brisbane Bombers	Australia
country	Central Volcanic Conservation Area is an administrative area which is managed by SINAC for the purposes of conservation in the central part of Costa Rica, notably the volcanic areas of the Cordillera Central.	Central Volcanic Conservation Area	Costa Rica
country	Macea Castle, also called Cernovici Castle or Csernovics Castle is located in Macea Commune, Arad County, Romania is an architectural monument built in the 19th century.	Macea Castle	Romania
country	São Miguel do Araguaia is city in northeastern Goiás state, Brazil.	São Miguel do Araguaia	Brazil
country	Teruel Airport (IATA: TEV, ICAO: LETL) is an airport near Teruel, Teruel (Province), Spain.	Teruel Airport	Spain
country	Unitsa (Russian: Уница) is a village in Republic of Karelia, Russia, on a bank of Unitskaya Gulf of Lake Onega.	Unitsa	Russia
country	Västerås Central Hospital (Swedish: Västmanlands sjukhus Västerås or Västerås Centrallasarett) in Västerås is the county hospital of Västmanland County in Sweden.	Västerås Central Hospital	Sweden
country	Prajurit (also spelled Pandjurit) is an islet in Indonesia some 3 kilometers (1.9 mi) off the cost of Sumatra in the Sunda Strait.	Prajurit	Indonesia
country	The Sayisi Dene, (People of the East), are Chipewyan, a Dene First Nation Aboriginal peoples of Canada group living in northern Manitoba.	Sayisi Dene	Canada
country	The Sella Towers (German: Sellatürme; Italian: Torri del Sella) are four summits in the Sella group in South Tyrol, Italy.	Sella Towers	Italy
country	Villa Fontanelle is a villa (sometimes called a Palazzo) near Moltrasio on Lake Como, Lombardy, Italy, about 50 kilometres (31 mi) from Milan.	Villa Fontanelle	Italy
country	Gwanggyosan (582 m) is a small mountain in Gyeonggi Province, South Korea.	Gwanggyosan	South Korea
country	Kieta is a port town located on the eastern coast of the island of Bougainville in Papua New Guinea, near the township of Arawa.	Kieta	Papua New Guinea
country	Burning Log is a television program which airs traditionally on Christmas Eve or Christmas morning on the Shaw TV community channels in Canada.	Burning Log	Canada
country	Trasierra/Tierras de Granadilla, traditionally known as Tierras de Granadilla, is a comarca at the northern end of province of Cáceres in Extremadura, one of Spain's seventeen Autonomous Communities.	Trasierra/Tierras de Granadilla	Spain
country	Lelygebergte Airstrip (IATA: SMLI), is an airstrip near Lelygebergte, Suriname.	Lelygebergte Airstrip	Suriname
country	Mencui is a village in the municipality Soriguera, located in the comarca of Pallars Sobirà, in Catalonia, Spain.	Mencui	Spain
country	Mahiabad-e Pain (Persian: مهي ابادپائين‎, also Romanized as Mahīābād-e Pā’īn) is a village in Kakhk Rural District, Kakhk District, Gonabad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Mahiabad-e Pain	Iran
country	The Musei di San Domenico are a set of museums in Forlì in Italy.	Musei di San Domenico	Italy
country	The Otago Province was a province of New Zealand until the abolition of provincial government in 1876.	Otago Province	New Zealand
country	General Antonio Luna Avenue is a two-lane national road and one of the major thoroughfares of San Mateo, Rizal in the Philippines.	General Antonio Luna Avenue	Philippines
country	The Victorian Certificate of Applied Learning (VCAL) is a 'hands-on' option for students in Years 11 and 12 in Victoria, Australia.	Victorian Certificate of Applied Learning	Australia
country	Behibagh is a village located in the Kulgam district in Jammu and Kashmir, India.	Behibagh	India
country	Pemzashen (Armenian: Պեմզաշեն; formerly, Makhmudzhug, Mahmnutcuk, and Magmudzhuk) is a village in the Shirak Province of Armenia.	Pemzashen	Armenia
country	Calgary Centre-North (formerly known as Calgary North Centre) was a federal electoral district in Alberta, Canada, that was represented in the Canadian House of Commons from 2004 to 2015.	Calgary Centre-North	Canada
country	The Chagres River (Spanish pronunciation: (ˈtʃaɣɾes)), in central Panama, is the largest river in the Panama Canal's watershed.	Chagres River	Panama
country	The Sderot Railway Station is a railway station located near the southern entrance to Sderot, Israel.	Sderot Railway Station	Israel
country	Nargesi-ye Alimordan (Persian: نرگسي عليمردان‎, also Romanized as Nargesī-ye ʿAlīmordān) is a village in Tolbozan Rural District, Golgir District, Masjed Soleyman County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Nargesi-ye Alimordan	Iran
country	Gemerček (Hungarian: Kisgömöri) is a village and municipality in the Rimavská Sobota District of the Banská Bystrica Region of southern Slovakia.	Gemerček	Slovakia
country	Øystese Church (Norwegian: Øystese kyrkje) is a parish church in Kvam municipality in Hordaland county, Norway.	Øystese Church	Norway
country	It is the capital of the Venilale Subdistrict in Baucau District, East Timor.	Venilale	East Timor
country	Battal is a town/village and union council (an administrative subdivision) of Mansehra District in Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan.	Battal	Pakistan
country	Zarouchleika (Greek: Ζαρουχλέικα) is a residential neighbourhood in the southern part of the city of Patras, Greece.	Zarouchleika	Greece
country	Qrendi (Maltese: Il-Qrendi) is a small village in the Southern Region of Malta, with a population of 2752 people as of March 2014.	Qrendi	Malta
country	The remnant magnetization of siltstones and sandstones suggests a depositional age of 16-5.2 million years with Karnali River exposing the oldest part of the Sivalik Hills in Nepal.	Sivalik Hills	Nepal
country	Lake Smaller Ritsa (Georgian: პატარა რიწა), located in north-western Georgia, is a lake in the Caucasus Mountains, surrounded by mixed mountain forests and subalpine meadows.	Lake Smaller Ritsa	Georgia
country	Grodzisk-Wieś (ˈɡrɔd͡ʑisk ˈvjɛɕ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czerwin, within Ostrołęka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Grodzisk-Wieś	Poland
country	Kuh-e Zir (Persian: كوه زير‎, also Romanized as Kūh-e Zīr) is a village in Emamzadeh Seyyed Mahmud Rural District, Sardasht District, Dezful County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Kuh-e Zir	Iran
country	Wesley Junior College (WJC) is a Christian college in Belize.	Wesley Junior College	Belize
country	The Zezë is a river in western Albania, a source river of the Ishëm River.	Zezë	Albania
country	Engelszell Abbey (German: Stift Engelszell) is a Trappist monastery, the only one in Austria.	Engelszell Abbey	Austria
country	Dhashokubaa is one of the nine traditional divisions in Fuvahmulah, Maldives.	Dhashokubaa	Maldives
country	University College London Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust (UCLH) is an NHS foundation trust based in London, United Kingdom.	University College London Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust	United Kingdom
country	Cape Foulwind is a prominent headland on the West Coast of New Zealand's South Island, overlooking the Tasman Sea.	Cape Foulwind	New Zealand
country	Kärla-Kulli is a village in Lääne-Saare Parish (prior to 2014 part of Kärla Parish), Saare County in western Estonia on the island of Saaremaa.	Kärla-Kulli	Estonia
country	Nhamundá River or Jamundá River (Yamundá River in Spanish) is a river in northern Brazil, which marks part of the northeastern boundary between states of Amazonas and Pará.	Nhamundá River	Brazil
country	Southwell School, is an independent co-educational Anglican boarding and day school set in 32 acres of park like grounds in central Hamilton, New Zealand.	Southwell School	New Zealand
country	Sydney Motorsport Park (known until May 2012 as Eastern Creek International Raceway) is a motorsport circuit located on Brabham Drive, Eastern Creek (40-kilometres west of the Sydney CBD), New South Wales, Australia, adjacent to the Western Sydney International Dragway.	Sydney Motorsport Park	Australia
country	Qatlish-ye Sofla (Persian: قتليش سفلي‎, also Romanized as Qatlīsh-ye Soflá; also known as Qatlīsh and Kātlīsh) is a village in Gifan Rural District, Garmkhan District, Bojnord County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Qatlish-ye Sofla	Iran
country	Overijse (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈoːvərɛi̯sə)) is a municipality in the province of Flemish Brabant, in Flanders, Belgium.	Overijse	Belgium
country	Al-Ahsa International Airport (Arabic: مطار الأحساء الدولي‎, IATA: HOF, ICAO: OEAH) is an airport serving Hofuf (also known as Al-Ahsa or Al-Hasa), a city in Eastern Province, Saudi Arabia.	Al-Ahsa International Airport	Saudi Arabia
country	Węgorzyce (vɛnɡɔˈʐɨt͡sɛ) (German: Wangeritz) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Osina, within Goleniów County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Węgorzyce	Poland
country	The Kathmandu Valley (Nepali: काठमाडौं उपत्यका, Newar: स्वनिगः, नेपाः गाः), located in Nepal, lies at the crossroads of ancient civilizations of Asia, and has at least 130 important monuments, including several pilgrimage sites for Hindus and Buddhists.	Kathmandu Valley	Nepal
country	Manly Hospital provides medical services to the Northern Beaches area of Sydney, Australia.	Manly Hospital	Australia
country	Leutzsch is a western suburb of Leipzig in Saxony, Germany.	Leutzsch	Germany
country	Gjemnes Church (Norwegian: Gjemnes kyrkje) is a parish church in Gjemnes Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway.	Gjemnes Church	Norway
country	The Adventures of Dudley the Dragon is a children's television series which aired in Canada on YTV and the United States on public television stations, through Tampa, Florida PBS member station WEDU.	The Adventures of Dudley the Dragon	Canada
country	Mansilla de las Mulas (Spanish pronunciation: (manˈsiʎa ðe laz ˈmulas)), Mansiella in Leonese language, is a municipality located in the province of León, Castile and León, Spain.	Mansilla de las Mulas	Spain
country	Butaw District (Buto) is one of 16 districts of Sinoe County, Liberia.	Butaw District	Liberia
country	The Jyrgalan River (Kyrgyz: Жыргалаң) is a river in Kyrgyzstan.	Jyrgalan River	Kyrgyzstan
country	Gonio fortress (Georgian: გონიოს ციხე, previously called Apsaros, or Apsaruntos), is a Roman fortification in Adjara, Georgia, on the Black Sea, 15 km south of Batumi, at the mouth of the Chorokhi river.	Gonio	Georgia
country	Volčji Grad (pronounced (ˈʋoːu̯tʃji ˈɡɾaːt)) is a village in the Municipality of Komen in the Littoral region of Slovenia.	Volčji Grad	Slovenia
country	Khaneqah Bar (Persian: خانقاه بر‎, also Romanized as Khāneqāh Bar; also known as Chamūsh Maḩalleh and Khāneqāh) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Masal County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Khaneqah Bar	Iran
country	In the Netherlands, the Boekenweek (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈbukə(n)ʋeːk); English: Book Week) is an annual ``week'' of ten days dedicated to Dutch literature.	Boekenweek	Netherlands
country	Geri Doveji (Persian: گري دوجي‎‎, also Romanized as Gerī Dovejī; also known as Gerī) is a village in Sheykh Musa Rural District, in the Central District of Aqqala County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Geri Doveji	Iran
country	Tzrufa (Hebrew: צְרוּפָה) is a moshav in northern Israel.	Tzrufa	Israel
country	Kribi Airport (IATA: KBI, ICAO: FKKB) is a public use airport located 10 kilometres (6 mi) southeast of Kribi, on the Gulf of Guinea, in the Océan Department, Sud Region, Cameroon.	Kribi Airport	Cameroon
country	Bagh-e Barzuiyeh (Persian: باغ برزوئيه‎, also Romanized as Bāgh-e Barzū’īyeh; also known as Bāghborzī) is a village in Derakhtengan Rural District, in the Central District of Kerman County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Bagh-e Barzuiyeh	Iran
country	Ghar Javin is the name of a mountain pass and of a nearby village in Badakhshan Province in north-eastern Afghanistan.	Ghar Javin	Afghanistan
country	Miranda do Douro (Portuguese: (miˈɾɐ̃dɐ ðu ˈðowɾu)) or Miranda de l Douro (Mirandese: (miˈɾãdɐ ðɨɫ ˈðawɾu)) is a town and a municipality in the district of Bragança, northeastern Portugal.	Miranda do Douro	Portugal
country	Braamfontein (English: blackberry fountain) is a central suburb of Johannesburg, in South Africa.	Braamfontein	South Africa
country	During the Korean War, the university was occupied by North Korea and Seoul National University Hospital Massacre occurred, then temporarily merged with other universities in South Korea, located in Busan.	Seoul National University	South Korea
country	Hradčany (common Czech pronunciation: (ˈɦrat͡ʃanɪ); German: Hradschin), the Castle District, is the district of the city of Prague, Czech Republic, surrounding the Prague Castle.	Hradčany	Czech Republic
country	Solagii Istiqlol (Persian: ۱۰ سالگی استقلال‎) is a town and jamoat in Tajikistan.	Solagii Istiqlol	Tajikistan
country	Librazhd is a town and a municipality in Elbasan County, eastern Albania.	Librazhd	Albania
country	Tech Gate Vienna is a science and technology park in the City of Vienna, Austria, situated in the 22nd district Donaustadt.	Tech Gate Vienna	Austria
country	Ramsund Chapel (Norwegian: Ramsund kapell) is a chapel in the municipality of Tjeldsund in Nordland county, Norway.	Ramsund Chapel	Norway
country	Lishan i Sipërm is a village in the former municipality of Luzni, 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) away from Peshkopi in northeastern Albania.	Lishan i Sipërm	Albania
country	Kollsnes is a natural gas processing plant operated by Statoil on the southern part of the island Oøy in the municipality of Øygarden in Hordaland county, Norway.	Kollsnes	Norway
country	Üsküdar (Turkish pronunciation: (ysˈcydaɾ)), formerly known as Scutari, is a large and densely populated district and municipality of Istanbul, Turkey, on the Anatolian shore of the Bosphorus.	Üsküdar	Turkey
country	Vaskút (Croatian: Baškut or Vaškut) is a large village in Bács-Kiskun county, in the Southern Great Plain region of southern Hungary.	Vaskút	Hungary
country	The Muskwa Ranges are a group of mountain ranges in northern British Columbia, Canada.	Muskwa Ranges	Canada
country	Wola Kęczewska (ˈvɔla kɛnˈt͡ʂɛfska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipowiec Kościelny, within Mława County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Wola Kęczewska	Poland
country	``Worcester woman'' is a political term used by polling companies in the United Kingdom.	Worcester woman	United Kingdom
country	Viaduto do Chá is a viaduct of São Paulo, Brazil.	Viaduto do Chá	Brazil
country	Tomas Claudio Memorial Elementary School, formerly called Tomas Claudio Memorial School, was constructed in 1921 in honor of Private Tomas Mateo Claudio, the first Filipino hero of Morong, Rizal, in the Philippines, who died during World War I in France.	Tomas Claudio Memorial Elementary School	Philippines
country	Essen-Frohnhausen station is situated in Essen in western Germany.	Essen-Frohnhausen station	Germany
country	Meistersel Castle is a ruined castle near Ramberg on the outskirts of the Palatinate Forest in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.	Meistersel Castle	Germany
country	Mahandiana-Sokourani (also spelled Mahandiana-Soukourani) is a town in north-western Ivory Coast.	Mahandiana-Sokourani	Ivory Coast
country	The Atatürk Dam (Turkish: Atatürk Barajı), originally the Karababa Dam, is a zoned rock-fill dam with a central core on the Euphrates River on the border of Adıyaman Province and Şanlıurfa Province in the Southeastern Anatolia Region of Turkey.	Atatürk Dam	Turkey
country	Risovača Cave is situated at the very entrance of the town of Aranđelovac, Serbia.	Risovača Cave	Serbia
country	Ouaninou (also spelled Waninou) is a town in northwest Ivory Coast.	Ouaninou	Ivory Coast
country	The Umea Region (Swedish: Umeåregionen) is a functional region which consists of six co-operating municipalities in north Sweden;	Umea Region	Sweden
country	The Tanin gas field (Hebrew: מאגר תנין‎, ``Crocodile reservoir'') is a natural gas reservoir located 120 kmoff the coast of Israel.	Tanin gas field	Israel
country	Prijaci (Serbian: Пријаци) is a village in the municipality of Bugojno, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Prijaci	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Žižki (pronounced (ˈʒiːʃki); Hungarian: Zsizsekszer) is a village in the Municipality of Črenšovci in the Prekmurje region of northeastern Slovenia.	Žižki	Slovenia
country	Svínoy (Danish: Svinø) is an island located in the north-east of the Faroe Islands, to the east of Borðoy and Viðoy.	Svínoy	Faroe Islands
country	Jieitai-Mae Station (自衛隊前駅) is a rapid transit station in Minami-ku, Sapporo, Hokkaido, Japan.	Jieitai-Mae Station	Japan
country	Sapzurro is a small town on the Caribbean Sea located in the northwest corner of the Republic of Colombia.	Sapzurro	Colombia
country	Besh-Kungey (also Besh-Kyungey, Kyrgyz: Беш-Күнгөй) is a village in the Alamudun District in Chuy Province of Kyrgyzstan.	Besh-Kungey	Kyrgyzstan
country	Jamshahi (Persian: جم شاهي‎, also Romanized as Jamshāhī) is a village in Qaleh Ganj Rural District, in the Central District of Qaleh Ganj County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Jamshahi	Iran
country	Malá nad Hronom (Hungarian: Kicsind) is a village and municipality in the Nové Zámky District in the Nitra Region of southwest Slovakia.	Malá nad Hronom	Slovakia
country	Medamud (from the Ancient Egyptian Madu) was a settlement in Ancient Egypt.	Medamud	Egypt
country	Klavže (pronounced (ˈklaːu̯ʒɛ)) is a settlement in the Bača Valley in the Municipality of Tolmin in the Littoral region of Slovenia.	Klavže	Slovenia
country	Leogang is a municipality in the district of Zell am See (Pinzgau region), in the state of Salzburg in Austria.	Leogang	Austria
country	Suvi River is a river in western India in Gujarat whose origin is near Badargadh village.	Suvi River	India
country	Marun-e Jayezan (Persian: مارون جايزان‎, also Romanized as Mārūn-e Jāyezān and Mārūn-e Jāyzān; also known as Mārūn) is a village in Jayezan Rural District, Jayezan District, Omidiyeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Marun-e Jayezan	Iran
country	Glafki (Greek: Γλαύκη, previously known as Giouktse Bounter) is a settlement in the Xanthi regional unit of Greece.	Glafki	Greece
country	Bhagur is a city and a municipal council in Nashik District in the state of Maharashtra, India.	Bhagur	India
country	Lokkaren Bridge (Norwegian: Lokkarbrua or Lokkaren bru) is a suspension bridge that crosses the strait Lokkarsundet between the mainland in Namsos and the island of Otterøya in Nord-Trøndelag county, Norway.	Lokkaren Bridge	Norway
country	Everdingen is a former municipality in the Netherlands.	Everdingen	Netherlands
country	Dubai Museum (Arabic: متحف دبي‎) is the main museum in Dubai, United Arab Emirates.	Dubai Museum	United Arab Emirates
country	The Peterborough Lift Lock is a boat lift located on the Trent Canal in the city of Peterborough, Ontario, Canada, and is Lock 21 on the Trent-Severn Waterway.	Peterborough Lift Lock	Canada
country	Arvandkenar (Persian: اروندكنار‎, also Romanized as Arvandkenār and Arvand Kenār) is a city in and the capital of Arvandkenar District, in Abadan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Arvandkenar	Iran
country	Greifswald University Library (German: Universitätsbibliothek Greifswald) is the official library of the University of Greifswald, situated in Greifswald, Germany.	Greifswald University Library	Germany
country	Krafla is a caldera of about 10 km in diameter with a 90 km long fissure zone, in the north of Iceland in the Mývatn region.	Krafla	Iceland
country	Cerro Batoví is a hill in Uruguay, with an altitude of 224 metres (734.9 ft).	Cerro Batoví	Uruguay
country	Kedu Plain, also known as Progo River valley, is the fertile volcanic plain that lies between the volcanoes, Mount Sumbing and Mount Sundoro to the west, and Mount Merbabu and Mount Merapi to the east of Central Java, Indonesia.	Kedu Plain	Indonesia
country	The Upper Moselle (German: Obermosel) is the name given in Germany to that section of the River Moselle, 45 kilometres long, that runs from the Franco-German-Luxembourg tripoint near Perl to its confluence with the Saar near Konz shortly before Trier.	Upper Moselle	Germany
country	Michrów-Stefów (ˈmixruf ˈstɛfuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pniewy, within Grójec County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Michrów-Stefów	Poland
country	The Alliance for Patriotic Reorientation and Construction is a political party in the Gambia, founded by army officers who staged a coup in 1994.	Alliance for Patriotic Reorientation and Construction	Gambia
country	San Matías Integrated Management Natural Area (Área Natural de Manejo Integrado San Matías) is a protected area in Bolivia located in the Santa Cruz Department.	San Matías Integrated Management Natural Area	Bolivia
country	Salelologa is a village district at the east end of Savai'i island in Samoa.	Salelologa	Samoa
country	Barra da Tijuca (Brazilian Portuguese: (ˈbaʀɐ dɐ tiˈʒukɐ)) (mostly referenced as Barra) is a neighborhood or bairro in the West Zone of Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, located in the western portion of the city on the Atlantic Ocean.	Barra da Tijuca	Brazil
country	Przemysławów (pʂɛmɨˈswavuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Władysławów, within Turek County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Przemysławów	Poland
country	The 2004 UCI Cyclo-cross World Championships were held in Pont-Château, France on Saturday January 31 and Sunday February 1, 2004.	2004 UCI Cyclo-cross World Championships	France
country	Moulin Rouge (French pronunciation: ​(mu.lɛ̃ ʁuʒ), French for ``Red Mill'') is a cabaret in Paris, France.	Moulin Rouge	France
country	Bachórz (ˈbaxuʂ) (Ukrainian: Бахір Bakhir) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dynów, within Rzeszów County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Bachórz	Poland
country	Karawatha Forest or Karawatha nature reserve is approximately 1,000 hectares of bushland in the Brisbane suburbs of Karawatha and Stretton, Australia.	Karawatha Forest	Australia
country	In India, Municipal Councils or Town Municipalities or Nagar Palika or Municipality is an urban local body that administers a city of population 100,000 or more.	Nagar Palika	India
country	Çaltı is a belde (town) in Söğüt district of Bilecik Province, Turkey.	Çaltı	Turkey
country	Skujene parish (Latvian: Skujenes pagasts) is an administrative unit of the Amata Municipality, Latvia.	Skujene parish	Latvia
country	Palazzo Mezzanotte (``Midnight Palace''), also known as Palazzo delle Borse (``Stock Exchange Palace'') is a 20th-century building of Milan, Italy, and the seat of the Italian stock exchange.	Palazzo Mezzanotte	Italy
country	Gharatgha (also, Karatag, K’arat’agh, and Karatga) is a town in the Syunik Province of Armenia.	Gharatgha	Armenia
country	Santa Ana del Yacuma Airport (IATA: SBL, ICAO: SLSA) is an airport in Santa Ana del Yacuma, Bolivia.	Santa Ana del Yacuma Airport	Bolivia
country	Veden Manor (Norwegian: Veden hovedgård or Veden gård, also spelled Veen) is a manor in Tistedalen in Halden, Norway, and a former privileged noble estate.	Veden Manor	Norway
country	Lagunilla del Jubera is a municipality in the autonomous community of La Rioja, northern Spain, located in the Jubera River valley 19 kilometers (12 miles) from the capital, Logroño.	Lagunilla del Jubera	Spain
country	Lumbovka (Russian: Лумбовка) is a rural locality (an inhabited locality) in administrative jurisdiction of the closed administrative-territorial formation of Ostrovnoy in Murmansk Oblast, Russia, located on the Kola Peninsula, beyond the Arctic Circle, at an elevation of 1 meter (3 ft 3 in) above sea level.	Lumbovka	Russia
country	Torotoro National Park (Spanish ``Parque Nacional Torotoro'') is a small national park in Bolivia, situated among the eastern mountain ranges of the South American Andes cordilleras.	Torotoro National Park	Bolivia
country	In 2004, Bunte was the eighth best selling magazine in Germany (7.4% coverage), second in women's magazines behind Bild der Frau (8.2% coverage).	Bunte	Germany
country	Merkholtz railway station (Luxembourgish: Gare Mäerkels, French: Gare de Merkholtz, German: Bahnhof Merkholtz) is a railway station serving Merkholtz, in the commune of Kiischpelt, in northern Luxembourg.	Merkholtz railway station	Luxembourg
country	The St Nazaire Raid or Operation Chariot was a successful British amphibious attack on the heavily defended Normandie dry dock at St Nazaire in German-occupied France during the Second World War.	St Nazaire Raid	France
country	Iisalmi (Swedish: Idensalmi) is a town and municipality in the Region of Northern Savonia in Finland.	Iisalmi	Finland
country	The uninhabited Triple Islands are an island group located in Bathurst Inlet, south of Victoria Island, west of the Kent Peninsula, in the Kitikmeot Region, Nunavut, Canada.	Triple Islands	Canada
country	The Lacandon Jungle (Spanish: Selva Lacandona) is an area of rainforest which stretches from Chiapas, Mexico into Guatemala and into the southern part of the Yucatán Peninsula.	Lacandon Jungle	Mexico
country	Şiştəpə (also, Shishtepe) is a village and municipality in the Shamkir Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Şiştəpə	Azerbaijan
country	Victoria Park Avenue is a major north-south route in eastern Toronto, Ontario, Canada.	Victoria Park Avenue	Canada
country	Sanisvara Siva Temple is a Mandir situated at Gosagaresvara Precinct southern of Paradaresvara Siva Temple, Orissa, India.	Sanisvara Siva Temple	India
country	Ubobo is located south of Gladstone and Calliope along Highway 69 in Central Queensland, Australia.	Ubobo	Australia
country	The Col d'Aubisque (Occitan: Còth d'Aubisca) (elevation 1,709 m (5,607 ft)) is a mountain pass in the Pyrenees 30 km (19 mi) south of Tarbes and Pau in the department of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques, in the Aquitaine region of France.	Col d'Aubisque	France
country	The İstanbul Cup is a WTA tennis tournament held in İstanbul, Turkey, organised for professional female tennis players.	İstanbul Cup	Turkey
country	Peykuh (Persian: پيكوه‎, also Romanized as Peykūh and Pey Kūh; also known as Pā Kūh, Pāye Kūh, Pa yi Kūh, and Peykū) is a village in Deyhuk Rural District, Deyhuk District, Tabas County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Peykuh	Iran
country	The Polish Air Force Academy (Polish: Wyższa Szkoła Oficerska Sił Powietrznych) is located in Deblin, eastern Poland.	Polish Air Force Academy	Poland
country	The José Luis Cuevas Museum and the Church of Santa Inés are located just off the Zocalo within the Historic center of Mexico City, in Mexico City, Mexico.	José Luis Cuevas Museum	Mexico
country	Damascus International Airport (Arabic, مطار دمشق الدولي) (IATA: DAM, ICAO: OSDI) is the international airport of Damascus, the capital of Syria.	Damascus International Airport	Syria
country	The Arboretum de Charvols, of approximately hectare extent, also called the Arboretum du Plateau de La Chaise-Dieu, is an arboretum located in Malvières, Haute-Loire, Auvergne, France.	Arboretum de Charvols	France
country	Fenua Tapu is an islet of Nui atoll in the Pacific Ocean state of Tuvalu.	Fenua Tapu	Tuvalu
country	Zbaków Górny (ˈzbakuf ˈɡurnɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wąsosz, within Góra County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Zbaków Górny	Poland
country	Dushak is a small town in the Karakum Desert on the rim of the Kopet Dag mountains of Ahal Province, Turkmenistan.	Dushak	Turkmenistan
country	Anglesboro or Anglesborough (Irish: Gleann na gCreabhar, historically anglicized as Gleanagruer) is a small village at the foot of the Galtee Mountains, in south-east County Limerick, Ireland.	Anglesboro	Ireland
country	Dolné Saliby (Hungarian: Alsószeli) is a village and municipality in Galanta District of the Trnava Region of south-west Slovakia.	Dolné Saliby	Slovakia
country	De IJsselderby is a football rivalry in the Netherlands between PEC Zwolle from Zwolle and the Deventer side Go Ahead Eagles.	IJsselderby	Netherlands
country	Vranoviči (pronounced (ˈwɾaːnɔʋitʃi); German: Uranowitsch) is a settlement on the left bank of the Lahinja River in the Municipality of Črnomelj in the White Carniola area of southeastern Slovenia.	Vranoviči	Slovenia
country	The Corio Bay is one of numerous bays in the southwest corner of Australia's Port Phillip, and is the bay on which abuts the City of Geelong.	Corio Bay	Australia
country	Little Current Water Aerodrome, (TC LID: CNZ9), was located in the town of Northeastern Manitoulin and the Islands, Ontario, Canada, 1 nautical mile (1.9 km; 1.2 mi) west of the community of Little Current.	Little Current Water Aerodrome	Canada
country	École secondaire Georges-P.-Vanier is a French first language high school located in the Westdale Village district in Hamilton, Ontario, Canada.	École secondaire Georges-P.-Vanier	Canada
country	Pativilca is a town in central Peru, capital of the district Pativilca in the province Barranca in the region Lima.	Pativilca	Peru
country	Djelfa (Arabic: الجلفة‎) is the capital city of Djelfa province, Algeria and the site of Ancient city and former bishopric Fallaba, which remains a Latin catholic titular see.	Djelfa	Algeria
country	The Goyder Lagoon is a large ephemeral swamp in the arid north-eastern region of South Australia.	Goyder Lagoon	Australia
country	The Wittmoor bog trackway is the name given to each of two prehistoric corduroy roads, trackway No. I being discovered in 1898 and trackway No. II in 1904 in the Wittmoor bog in northern Hamburg, Germany.	Wittmoor bog trackway	Germany
country	El Borma (Arabic: اﻟﺒﺮﻣﺔ‎) is a town and commune, which is coextensive with El Borma District, in Ouargla Province, Algeria.	El Borma	Algeria
country	Welkom (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈʋɛlkom)) is a city in the Free State province of South Africa, located about 140 kilometres (90 mi) northeast of Bloemfontein, the provincial capital.	Welkom	South Africa
country	Umba Valley is a geographic area in Tanzania and the world's only source of Umba sapphires.	Umba Valley	Tanzania
country	Pohénégamook, Quebec (pop. 2940) is a Canadian town on the Canada--	Pohénégamook	Canada
country	Yakkala is a township located on Colombo-Kandy Highway (A1), 30 km away from Colombo, Sri Lanka.	Yakkala	Sri Lanka
country	Davispur (Urdu: ڈیوس پور‎), also known as Tibiwala (Urdu: ٹبی والا‎), is a small village in the Sargodha district of Punjab, Pakistan.	Davispur	Pakistan
country	Chervonohrad (Ukrainian: Червоноград, Polish: Czerwonogród) is a mining city located in the Lviv Oblast of western Ukraine.	Chervonohrad	Ukraine
country	Possenhofen Castle (German: Schloss Possenhofen) is located in the town of Possenhofen on the western shore of Lake Starnberg in Bavaria, Germany.	Possenhofen Castle	Germany
country	Lohrasb (Persian: لهراسب‎, also Romanized as Lohrāsb; also known as Lohrāsbeh and Lohrāsbīyeh) is a village in Ahmadabad Rural District, in the Central District of Firuzabad County, Fars Province, Iran.	Lohrasb	Iran
country	The Central Cemetery in Szczecin is a municipal cemetery in Szczecin, Poland.	Central Cemetery in Szczecin	Poland
country	Commune of Muyinga is a commune of Muyinga Province in northeastern Burundi.	Commune of Muyinga	Burundi
country	ICAI School of Engineering (Escuela Técnica Superior de Ingeniería - ICAI in Spanish) is the school of engineering of the Comillas Pontifical University, located in Madrid, Spain.	ICAI School of Engineering	Spain
country	Many devotees visit the place from various parts of India and offer holy water of Ganges to the deity collected from Sultangunj, Bhagalpur district in Bihar, which is almost 135 km from Basukinath.	Basukinath	India
country	Góra Blachowa (ˈɡura blaˈxɔva) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wojsławice, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Góra Blachowa	Poland
country	Chikiti (also known as Chikati or Chikitigarh) is a town and a notified area committee in Ganjam district in the state of Odisha, India.	Chikiti	India
country	Mount Voma is the third highest mountain in Fiji.	Mount Voma	Fiji
country	Banikhet is located about seven kilometers from Dalhousie, India.	Banikhet	India
country	Alexandroupoli Airport ``Dimokritos'' (Greek: Κρατικός Αερολιμένας Αλεξανδρούπολης ``Δημόκριτος'', Kratikós Aeroliménas Alexandrúpolis ``Dimókritos'') (IATA: AXD, ICAO: LGAL) is an airport serving Alexandroupoli, Greece (IATA: AXD, ICAO: LGAL).	Alexandroupoli Airport	Greece
country	Sidon or Saïda (Arabic: صيدا‎, صيدون, Ṣaydā; Phoenician: , Ṣdn; Biblical Hebrew: צִידוֹן, Ṣīḏōn; Greek: Σιδών; Latin: Sidon; Turkish: Sayda) is the third-largest city in Lebanon.	Sidon	Lebanon
country	Karnal Airport, (ICAO: VI40), the home of ``Karnal Aviation Club'' (``Karnal Flying Club''), is an airstrip situated about 3 km east of Karnal in the state of Haryana, India.	Karnal Airport	India
country	The Empire of Atlantium is a micronation and secular, pluralist progressive lobby group based in New South Wales, Australia.	Empire of Atlantium	Australia
country	Tel Afar District (Turkish: Telafer) is a district in Ninawa Governorate, Iraq.	Tel Afar District	Iraq
country	Dianella White Eagles SC is an Australian soccer club based in Perth, Western Australia which was established by the local Serbian Australian community.	Dianella White Eagles SC	Australia
country	Fuss Peak (Russian: Вулкан Фусса) is an active stratovolcano located on the southern end of Paramushir Island, Kuril Islands, Russia.	Fuss Peak	Russia
country	Taden (Breton: Taden, Gallo: Taden) is a commune in the Côtes-d'Armor department of Brittany in northwestern France.	Taden	France
country	Austertana Chapel (Norwegian: Austertana kapell) is a parish church in Deatnu-Tana Municipality in Finnmark county, Norway.	Austertana Chapel	Norway
country	Sobenja Vas (pronounced (sɔˈbeːnja ˈʋaːs); Slovene: Sobenja vas) is a small village in the eastern foothills of the Gorjanci Hills in the Municipality of Brežice in eastern Slovenia, close to the border with Croatia.	Sobenja Vas	Slovenia
country	Belmond Hotel Caruso is a hotel located in the hill town of Ravello, near Amalfi in southern Italy.	Belmond Hotel Caruso	Italy
country	Shahqoli Kandi (Persian: شاهقلي كندي‎, also Romanized as Shāhqolī Kandī) is a village in Charuymaq-e Markazi Rural District, in the Central District of Charuymaq County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Shahqoli Kandi	Iran
country	Tirsuli West, or Trishuli West, is a Himalayan mountain peak in the Chamoli district of Uttarakhand, India.	Tirsuli West	India
country	Bojnice (Hungarian: Bajmóc, German: Weinitz) is a historical town in central Slovakia at the upper Nitra river, near the city of Prievidza.	Bojnice	Slovakia
country	Taihape is located near the middle of the North Island in the Rangitikei Borough of New Zealand.	Taihape	New Zealand
country	Sacrario militare di Pocol (also known as Ossario di Pocol) is a cemetery and shrine near Passo Falzarego, in the locality of Pocol in the comune of Cortina d'Ampezzo in the Veneto region of northern Italy.	Sacrario militare di Pocol	Italy
country	Hässleholm Municipality (Hässleholms kommun) is a municipality in Skåne County in southern Sweden.	Hässleholm Municipality	Sweden
country	Gisborne Intermediate School is a co-ed intermediate school in Gisborne, New Zealand.	Gisborne Intermediate	New Zealand
country	The Anglo-Irish Trade Agreement was signed on 25 April 1938 by Ireland and the United Kingdom.	Anglo-Irish Trade Agreement	United Kingdom
country	Wola Uhruska (ˈvɔla uˈxruska) is a village in Włodawa County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine.	Wola Uhruska	Poland
country	Velyka Novosilka Raion (Ukrainian: Великоновосілківський район) is one of the 33 raions of Donetsk Oblast, located in southwestern Ukraine.	Velyka Novosilka Raion	Ukraine
country	Spodnje Jelenje (in older sources also Dolenje Jelenje, German: Unterjeline) is a small settlement northwest of Dole pri Litiji in the Municipality of Litija in central Slovenia.	Spodnje Jelenje	Slovenia
country	Basqal (also, Azizbekovo, Baskal, and Baskhal) is a settlement and municipality in the Ismailli Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Basqal	Azerbaijan
country	Godfreys are a niche appliance retailer based in Australia and New Zealand that primarily sell vacuum cleaners.	Godfreys	Australia
country	Maaria-Paattinen (Finnish; S:t Marie-Patis in Swedish) is a ward (suuralue, storområde) of Turku, Finland, also known as Ward 9.	Maaria-Paattinen	Finland
country	Jurong Lake (Chinese: 裕廊湖 ; Malay: Tasik Jurong ; Tamil: ஜூரோங் ஏரி) is a 70ha freshwater lake and reservoir located in the western region of Singapore formed with the damming of Sungei Jurong further downstream.	Jurong Lake	Singapore
country	Dolna Kremena is a village located in Mezdra Municipality, within Bulgaria's Vratsa Province, and is located approximately 4 kilometers from the town of Mezdra.	Dolna Kremena	Bulgaria
country	Ab Khizuiyeh (Persian: ابخيزوييه‎, also Romanized as Āb Khīzūīyeh and Ābkhīzūeeyeh) is a village in Dasht-e Khak Rural District, in the Central District of Zarand County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Ab Khizuiyeh	Iran
country	Shibar District (pop.: 25,532 in the year 2011) is located in the western end of the Bamyan Province in Afghanistan.	Shibar District	Afghanistan
country	Ushkovsky (Russian: Ушковский, formerly known as Plosky) is a large volcanic massif located in the central part of Kamchatka Peninsula, Russia.	Ushkovsky	Russia
country	Malat (Persian: ملاط‎‎, also Romanized as Malāţ) is a village in Daryasar Rural District, Kumeleh District, Langarud County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Malat	Iran
country	Hombourg-Haut (German: Oberhomburg) is a commune located in the department of Moselle, region of Alsace-Champagne-Ardenne-Lorraine, north-eastern France.	Hombourg-Haut	France
country	Lake Bant, or Banter See in German, is an artificial lake in the North Sea port city of Wilhelmshaven in north-west Germany.	Lake Bant	Germany
country	Båvrojávrre is a lake that lies on the border between Norway and Sweden.	Båvrojávrre	Norway	Sweden
country	Semice is a village and municipality in Nymburk District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.	Semice	Czech Republic
country	The Francisco Josephinum Secondary College and Research Institute (HBLFA) in Wieselburg is a secondary school for agriculture in Austria.	Francisco Josephinum	Austria
country	Sultanbeyli (pronounced (sulˈtanbejli)) is a working class suburb of Istanbul, Turkey on the Asian side, inland from Kartal and Pendik.	Sultanbeyli	Turkey
country	Lampi (Greek: Λάμπη) is a former municipality in the Rethymno regional unit, Crete, Greece.	Lampi	Greece
country	Naresuan University (Thai: มหาวิทยาลัยนเรศวร) is a government sponsored university in Phitsanulok, northern Thailand.	Naresuan University	Thailand
country	Heinerscheid (Luxembourgish: Hengescht) is a small town in northern Luxembourg, in the commune of Clervaux.	Heinerscheid	Luxembourg
country	The CDU Baden-Württemberg is the biggest political party in the German state of Baden-Württemberg, and the second largest state party (in German, Landespartei or Landesverband) of the Christian Democratic Union of Germany with 77,800 members.	CDU Baden-Württemberg	Germany
country	Rio Branco Atlético Clube, usually known simply as Rio Branco, is a Brazilian football (soccer) club based in the city of Vitória in the Espírito Santo state of Brazil.	Rio Branco Atlético Clube	Brazil
country	Alithinou (Greek: Αληθινου) is a small village in the Nicosia District of Cyprus, located near Platanistasa.	Alithinou	Cyprus
country	Stare Koprzywno (ˈstarɛ kɔˈpʂɨvnɔ) is a former village in the administrative district of Gmina Barwice, within Szczecinek County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Stare Koprzywno	Poland
country	The Unity Committee (Единство, Edinstvo) was an organization supporting the Bulgarian population of Thrace and Macedonia, remained within the Ottoman Empire after the division of the San Stefano Bulgaria and the decision of the Berlin Treaty.	Unity Committee	Bulgaria
country	Telince is a village and municipality in the Nitra District in western central Slovakia, in the Nitra Region.	Telince	Slovakia
country	Sungei Serangoon (Malay for Serangoon River; Chinese: 实龙岗河) is a river in the north-eastern part of Singapore.	Sungei Serangoon	Singapore
country	Kismayo (Somali: Kismaayo; Arabic: كيسمايو‎, Kīsmāyū) is a port city in the southern Lower Juba (Jubbada Hoose) province of Somalia.	Kismayo	Somalia
country	Turkish Aerospace Industries, Inc. (TAI) (Turkish: Türk Havacılık ve Uzay Sanayi A.Ş., TUSAŞ) is the center of technology in design, development, manufacturing, integration of aerospace systems, modernization and after sales support in Turkey.	Turkish Aerospace Industries	Turkey
country	Chacalluta International Airport (IATA: ARI, ICAO: SCAR) is an airport serving the city of Arica, capital of the Arica Province in the northern Arica y Parinacota Region of Chile.	Chacalluta International Airport	Chile
country	The river Najerilla is a tributary of the river Ebro, Spain's most voluminous river.	Najerilla	Spain
country	Mount Wonvara or Wonvagre (Hiw Wōnvar̄e (wonˈβaᶢʟə)) is the highest point of Hiw, the northernmost island of Vanuatu.	Mount Wonvara	Vanuatu
country	Bohúňovo (Hungarian: Lekenye) is a village and municipality in the Rožňava District in the Košice Region of eastern Slovakia.	Bohúňovo	Slovakia
country	Pinhal Novo (Portuguese pronunciation: (pɨˈɲaɫ ˈnovu)) is a town in Portugal situated in the Setúbal Peninsula halfway between Lisbon and Setúbal.	Pinhal Novo	Portugal
country	Belsk Duży (ˈbɛlsk ˈduʐɨ) is a village in Grójec County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Belsk Duży	Poland
country	The Düsseldorf Marathon is an annual marathon race in Düsseldorf, Germany in early May.	Düsseldorf Marathon	Germany
country	The Old Ministry of Labour Building (Chinese: 前劳工部大厦) currently houses the Family and Juvenile Court of the Subordinate Courts of Singapore.	Old Ministry of Labour Building	Singapore
country	San Juan Bautista de Ñeembucú (Guaraní: San Juan Bautista del Ñe'embuku) is a village and distrito in the Ñeembucú department of Paraguay.	San Juan Bautista de Ñeembucú	Paraguay
country	Fumetti neri (Italian: black comics) is a subgenre of Italian comics, born in Italy with the creation of the Diabolik character.	Fumetti neri	Italy
country	Lány u Dašic is small village in the Pardubice Region of the Czech Republic, near town Dašice.	Lány u Dašic	Czech Republic
country	Kjølsdalen Church (Norwegian: Kjølsdalen kyrkje) is a parish church in Eid Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county, Norway.	Kjølsdalen Church	Norway
country	Manus Island is part of Manus Province in northern Papua New Guinea and is the largest island of the Admiralty Islands.	Manus Island	Papua New Guinea
country	The Kemena River (Malay: Sungai Kemena) is a river in Bintulu Division, Sarawak state, Malaysia.	Kemena River	Malaysia
country	Q'ataw Tira Aymara q'atawi lime, tira cradle, ``lime cradle'', hispanicized spelling Catautira) is a mountain in the Willkanuta mountain range in the Andes of Peru, about 5,200 metres (17,060 ft) high.	Q'ataw Tira	Peru
country	Pizzo Arera is a mountain of the Bergamasque Prealps of northern Italy.	Pizzo Arera	Italy
country	Paccha (hispanicized spelling of the Kichwa word pakcha meaning ``waterfall'') is a town and parish in Cuenca Canton, Azuay Province, Ecuador.	Paccha	Ecuador
country	Kranea (Greek: Κρανέα) is an Aromanian village and a former community in the Preveza regional unit, Epirus, Greece.	Kranea	Greece
country	St. Peter's Baldachin (Italian: Baldacchino di San Pietro) is a large Baroque sculpted bronze canopy, technically called a ciborium or baldachin, over the high altar of St. Peter's Basilica in the Vatican City, the papal enclave surrounded by Rome, Italy.	St. Peter's Baldachin	Vatican City
country	Pieńki Wielkie (ˈpjɛɲki ˈvjɛlkʲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Andrzejewo, within Ostrów Mazowiecka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Pieńki Wielkie	Poland
country	Storck Barracks/Illesheim Kaserne is a United States Army facility adjacent to Illesheim, Germany, located about 15 miles northwest of Ansbach (Bavaria), about 240 miles south-southwest of Berlin.	Storck Barracks	Germany
country	Cala Provincial Hospital is a Provincial government funded hospital for the Sakhisizwe Local Municipality area in Cala, Eastern Cape, in South Africa.	Cala Provincial Hospital	South Africa
country	The Ross Errilly Friary (Irish: Mainistir Ros Oirialaigh, often anglicised in 18th & 19th century sources as Rosserelly) is a medieval Franciscan friary located about a mile to the northwest of Headford, County Galway, Ireland.	Ross Errilly Friary	Ireland
country	Sculpture at Schoenthal is an art foundation in Switzerland.	Sculpture at Schoenthal	Switzerland
country	Gunung Batin Airport is an airport in Astraksetra, South Sumatra Indonesia.	Gunung Batin Airport	Indonesia
country	Kotla Nihang Khan (Gurmukhi: ਕੋਟਲਾ ਨਿਹੰਗ ਖ਼ਾਨ, Shahmukhi: کوٹلہ نهنگ خاں) is a town located about 3 kilometers southeast of Ropar city in Punjab, India.	Kotla Nihang Khan	India
country	Donja Orovica (Serbian Cyrillic: Доња Оровица) is a village in Serbia.	Donja Orovica	Serbia
country	Gusvatnet (Southern Sami: Stoerenjuananjaevrie) is a lake in the municipality of Lierne in Nord-Trøndelag county, Norway.	Gusvatnet	Norway
country	Turro is a district (``quartiere'') of Milan, Italy, part of the Zone 2 administrative division, located north-east of the city centre.	Turro	Italy
country	Qiwña Milluku (Aymara and Quechua qiwña polylepis, Quechua milluku, ulluku a root vegetable, hispanicized spelling Queuñamilloco) is a mountain in the Andes of Peru, about 5,200 metres (17,060 ft) high.	Qiwña Milluku	Peru
country	The Aceh Party (Indonesian: Partai Aceh) is a regional political party in Indonesia.	Aceh Party	Indonesia
country	Lazarata (Greek: Λαζαράτα), is a village in the northern part of the island of Lefkada, Greece.	Lazarata	Greece
country	The Triangolo lariano is a geographic area in Lombardy (Italy) within the Province of Como.	Triangolo lariano	Italy
country	Colloto is a place in the parish of Siero, in the municipality of Oviedo, Asturias, Spain.	Colloto	Spain
country	The Notwane River (or Ngotwane River) is a river in southeastern Botswana.	Notwane River	Botswana
country	Kalateh-ye Zeynal (Persian: كلاته زينل‎, also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Zeynal and Kalāteh Zeynal) is a village in Taghenkoh-e Shomali Rural District, Taghenkoh District, Firuzeh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Kalateh-ye Zeynal	Iran
country	Quujuutilik (also known as Kujutilik or Qûjûtilik) is an island northeast of Sermiligaaq in the municipality of Sermersooq in Greenland.	Quujuutilik	Greenland
country	Gemena is the capital city of the Sud-Ubangi District of Equateur Province in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.	Gemena	Democratic Republic of the Congo
country	The Arrondissement of Wakken (Dutch: Arrondissement Wakken) was a short-lived arrondissement in the present-day Province of West Flanders, Belgium.	Arrondissement of Wakken	Belgium
country	Szanticska is a former village in Borsod-Abaúj-Zemplén County, Hungary.	Szanticska	Hungary
country	The Großer Rettenstein is a mountain with multiple peaks in the Kitzbühel Alps in Austria.	Großer Rettenstein	Austria
country	Podhosta (pronounced (pɔtˈxoːsta)) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Dolenjske Toplice in Slovenia.	Podhosta	Slovenia
country	Sparreholm Castle (Swedish: Sparreholms slott) is a castle in Flen Municipality, Södermanland County, Sweden.	Sparreholm Castle	Sweden
country	Brömsebro is a bimunicipal village situated in Karlskrona Municipality, Blekinge County and Torsås Municipality, Kalmar County in south-east Sweden with 213 inhabitants in 2005.	Brömsebro	Sweden
country	Novopokrovskaya (Russian: Новопокро́вская) is a rural locality (a stanitsa) and the administrative center of Novopokrovsky District of Krasnodar Krai, Russia, located on the Yeya River.	Novopokrovskaya	Russia
country	Gerakies (Greek: Γερακιές) is a village in the Nicosia District of Cyprus, located 4 km (2.5 mi) west of Moutoullas.	Gerakies	Cyprus
country	Salihundam is a historically noted village and panchayat in Gara Mandal of Srikakulam district in Andhra Pradesh, India.	Salihundam	India
country	Tsushima Airport (IATA: TSJ, ICAO: RJDT) is an airport located 10 km (6.2 mi) northeast Tsushima, a city in the Nagasaki Prefecture of Japan.	Tsushima Airport	Japan
country	Perlez (Serbian Cyrillic: Перлез) is a village located in the Zrenjanin municipality, in the Central Banat District of Serbia.	Perlez	Serbia
country	Tübingen (German: (ˈtyːbɪŋən), listen ) is a traditional university town in central Baden-Württemberg, Germany.	Tübingen	Germany
country	Port Elizabeth or The Bay (Zulu: Bhayi; Xhosa: iBhayi; Afrikaans: Die Baai) is one of the largest cities in South Africa, situated in the Eastern Cape Province, 770 km (478 mi) east of Cape Town.	Port Elizabeth	South Africa
country	Tin Amansagh (also written Tin Amenserh or Ti-n-Emensar) is a village in the commune of Abalessa, in Tamanrasset Province, Algeria.	Tin Amansagh	Algeria
country	Azarabad (Persian: اذراباد‎, also Romanized as Āz̄arābād, Āzerābād, and Azrābād) is a village in Jolgeh-ye Chah Hashem Rural District, Jolgeh-ye Chah Hashem District, Dalgan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Azarabad	Iran
country	Kürd Eldarbəyli (also, Kyurdel’darbeyli and Kyurd-El’darli) is a village and municipality in the Ismailli Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Kürd Eldarbəyli	Azerbaijan
country	Fishamble Street (Irish: Sráid Sheamlas an Éisc) is a street in Dublin, Ireland within the old city walls.	Fishamble Street	Ireland
country	Fahaheel Stadium or Nayif Al-Dabbous Stadium is a multi-use stadium in Kuwait City, Kuwait.	Fahaheel Stadium	Kuwait
country	Mount Gilboa (Hebrew: הר הגלבוע‎ Har haGilboa), sometimes called the Mountains of Gelboe, is a mountain range overlooking the Jezreel Valley in northern Israel.	Mount Gilboa	Israel
country	Fürstenried Palace is a Baroque palace in the southwest of Munich, Germany.	Fürstenried Palace	Germany
country	Myrtle Springs Station is a pastoral lease that operates as a sheep station in outback South Australia.	Myrtle Springs Station	Australia
country	Forum of Nerva (Latin: Forum Nervae) is an ancient structure in Rome, Italy, chronologically the next to the last of the Imperial fora built.	Forum of Nerva	Italy
country	The Giardino Botanico Santicelli is a botanical garden located in Soverato, Province of Catanzaro, Calabria, Italy.	Giardino Botanico Santicelli	Italy
country	Roughly 14 km south of the district headquarters city of Valsad, Pardi has a rail station on the Mumbai-Vadodara line of Western Railway (India).	Pardi	India
country	Bargal (Somali: Baargaal, Arabic: بارجال‎) is a town in the northeastern Bari region of Somalia.	Bargal	Somalia
country	Santa Croce alla Lungara is a church in Rome (Italy), in the Rione Trastevere, facing on Via della Lungara.	Santa Croce alla Lungara	Italy
country	The Bagrationi dynasty (Georgian: ბაგრატიონი (bɑɡrɑtʼiɔni)) is a royal family that reigned in Georgia from the Middle Ages until the early 19th century, being among the oldest extant Christian ruling dynasties in the world.	Bagrationi dynasty	Georgia
country	Fuzhou Station (Chinese: 浮洲車站; pinyin: Fúzhōu Chēzhàn) is a railway station on the Taiwan Railways Administration (TRA) Western Line located in Banqiao District, New Taipei, Taiwan.	Fuzhou Station	Taiwan
country	Segambut is a sub-district and a parliamentary constituency in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.	Segambut	Malaysia
country	Gueskerou is a village and commune in southeastern Niger.	Gueskerou	Niger
country	The Umbrella Rock, as the name means, is a rock found at the site of the Boti Falls in Yilo Krobo District, Ghana.	Umbrella Rock	Ghana
country	Wola Zambrowska (ˈvɔla zamˈbrɔfska) is a village in north-east Poland near Zambrów in Podlaskie Voivodeship.	Wola Zambrowska	Poland
country	Lotfabad (Persian: لطف آباد‎, also Romanized as Loţfābād and Lutfābād; formerly, Bāba Jām) is a city in and the capital of Lotfabad District, in Dargaz County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Lotfabad	Iran
country	The Mount Cass Wind Farm is a proposed wind farm to be located east of Waipara on Mount Cass in the Canterbury region of New Zealand.	Mount Cass Wind Farm	New Zealand
country	Freberg is a small village and statistical area (grunnkrets) in Sandefjord municipality, Norway.	Freberg	Norway
country	Tuuski (Swedish: Tuskas) is a place on the island of Munapirtti in the municipality of Pyhtää, Kymenlaakso, Southern Finland.	Tuuski	Finland
country	Rajgród (ˈrai̯ɡrut) is a town in Grajewo County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, Poland, with 1,680 inhabitants (2004).	Rajgród	Poland
country	Selakeh (Persian: سلكه‎; also known as Seh Lakeh) is a village in Mokriyan-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Mahabad County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Selakeh	Iran
country	Commercy (French pronunciation: ​(kɔ.mɛʁ.si)) is a commune in the Meuse department in Lorraine in north-eastern France.	Commercy	France
country	Maymana, Meymaneh or Maimana (Uzbaki, Pashto, Persian: میمنه) is the capital of Faryab province, northern Afghanistan, near the Turkmenistan border.	Maymana	Afghanistan
country	Tunari is a commune in the center of Ilfov county, Romania.	Tunari	Romania
country	Sankt Goar is a town on the west bank of the Middle Rhine in the Rhein-Hunsrück-Kreis (district) in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.	Sankt Goar	Germany
country	Monte Bove is a mountain in the Monti Sibillini range of the Apennines, Marche, central Italy.	Monte Bove	Italy
country	Many people continue to visit Shaoshan, Xiangtan to visit the birthplace of Mao Zedong, the former chairman of the Chinese Communist Party and the leader of the People's Republic of China from 1949-1971.	Xiangtan	People's Republic of China
country	Tusindårsskoven (meaning ``The Thousand Year Forest'') is a forest in southwestern Odense, Funen, Denmark.	Tusindårsskoven	Denmark
country	St. John's College High School is a high school for boys situated in Belize City, Belize.	St. John's College High School	Belize
country	The Vendômois (French pronunciation: ​(vɑ̃domwa)) is a traditional area of France equivalent to the arrondissement of Vendôme, to the north of Loir-et-Cher, and on both sides of Loir.	Vendômois	France
country	Amuay (Spanish pronunciation: (aˈmwai)) is a fishing town located in the Paraguana Peninsula, in Falcón state, Venezuela.	Amuay	Venezuela
country	The American Populist Party is based on the classical political ideology of the key Founding Fathers of the United States of America.	American Populist Party	United States of America
country	Redang Airport (IATA: RDN, ICAO: WMPR) is an airport on Redang Island (Pulau Redang), one of the largest islands off the east coast of Malaysia.	Redang Airport	Malaysia
country	Nedungad is a small island located in the Ernakulam district of Kerala state, in southern India.	Nedungad	India
country	The Swinton Creek Volcano is an eroded volcanic outcrop in northwestern British Columbia, Canada.	Swinton Creek Volcano	Canada
country	Konar Balut (Persian: كناربلوط‎, also Romanized as Konār Balūţ) is a village in Jelogir Rural District, in the Central District of Pol-e Dokhtar County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Konar Balut	Iran
country	San Benito de Alcántara is a monastery in Alcántara, in the province of Cáceres, Spain.	San Benito de Alcántara	Spain
country	El Albayzín (also Albaicín, Spanish pronunciation: (alβai̯ˈθin)) is a district of Granada, in the autonomous community of Andalusia, Spain, that retains the narrow winding streets of its Medieval Moorish past.	Albayzín	Spain
country	Nakhon Si Thammarat (Thai: นครศรีธรรมราช, pronounced (náʔkʰɔːn sǐː tʰammarâːt), alternative English transliteration: Nakhon Sri Thammarat from Pali Nagara Sri Dhammaraja) is a city (thesaban nakhon) in southern Thailand, capital of the Nakhon Si Thammarat Province and the Nakhon Si Thammarat District.	Nakhon Si Thammarat	Thailand
country	Ydre Municipality (Ydre kommun) is a municipality in Östergötland County, southeast Sweden.	Ydre Municipality	Sweden
country	The Rockwood Conservation Area is a moderate sized conservation area situated in Rockwood, Ontario, Canada.	Rockwood Conservation Area	Canada
country	Valderas is a town and a municipality located in the province of León, Castile and León, Spain.	Valderas	Spain
country	Qaratureh (Persian: قراتوره‎, also Romanized as Qarātūreh; also known as Qarah Ţūreh) is a village in Qaratureh Rural District, in the Central District of Divandarreh County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Qaratureh	Iran
country	Sesostris Bank is a submerged bank or sunken atoll belonging to the Amindivi Subgroup of islands of the Union Territory of Lakshadweep, India, at 13°08′N 72°00′E.	Sesostris Bank	India
country	Mintilogli or Midilogli (Greek: Μιντιλόγλι /midi'loɣli/) is a village and a community in the municipal unit of Paralia, Achaea, Greece.	Mintilogli	Greece
country	Jalan Lama Bukit Putus, Federal Route (formerly Federal Route ) is a federal road in Negeri Sembilan, Malaysia passing Bukit Putus.	Jalan Lama Bukit Putus	Malaysia
country	Pohang University of Science and Technology (POSTECH) is a private university located in Pohang, South Korea dedicated to research and education in science and technology.	Pohang University of Science and Technology	South Korea
country	Chah Matak (Persian: چاه متك‎, also Romanized as Chāh Matak and Chāh Matk) is a village in Rabatat Rural District, Kharanaq District, Ardakan County, Yazd Province, Iran.	Chah Matak	Iran
country	Akkedisberg Pass is situated in the Western Cape province of South Africa, on the Regional road R326 (Western Cape) between Riviersonderend and Stanford.	Akkedisberg Pass	South Africa
country	Jaffna railway station (Tamil: யாழ்ப்பாணம் புகையிரத நிலையம்) is a railway station in the city of Jaffna in northern Sri Lanka.	Jaffna railway station	Sri Lanka
country	The Aotea Centre is a performing arts and events centre / theatre in the Auckland CBD, Auckland City, New Zealand.	Aotea Centre	New Zealand
country	Wamberal Lagoon, an intermittently closed intermediate saline coastal lagoon, is located on the Central Coast region of New South Wales, Australia.	Wamberal Lagoon	Australia
country	Stilon Gorzów Wielkopolski, is a Polish football club based in Gorzów Wielkopolski, Poland.	Stilon Gorzów Wielkopolski	Poland
country	Tulamba (also Tulambah, Urdu: تلمبہ‎) is a small city in Punjab, Pakistan.	Tulamba	Pakistan
country	Hougang Secondary School (abbreviation: HS; Simplified Chinese: 后港中学) is a Co-educational secondary school located in Hougang, in the northern part of Singapore.	Hougang Secondary School	Singapore
country	Paździorno (paʑˈd͡ʑɔrnɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kostomłoty, within Środa Śląska County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Paździorno	Poland
country	Bagh-e Komesh (Persian: باغ كمش‎, also Romanized as Bāgh-e Komesh and Bāgh Komesh; also known as Bākūmīs) is a village in Karasht Rural District, in the Bumehen District of Pardis County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Bagh-e Komesh	Iran
country	Namarunu is a shield volcano located in the Great Rift Valley, Kenya.	Namarunu	Kenya
country	Borgarvirki lies between Vesturhóp and Víðidalur in the north of Iceland, and at 177m above sea level it dominates the surrounding region.	Borgarvirki	Iceland
country	Valayesh (Persian: والايش‎, also Romanized as Vālāyesh; also known as Vilaish and Vilashi) is a village in Sonbolabad Rural District, Soltaniyeh District, Abhar County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Valayesh	Iran
country	Westin Chennai is a 10-storied five-star hotel in Chennai, India.	Westin Chennai	India
country	The Railway Museum of Athens, Greece, was founded by the Hellenic Railways Organisation (OSE) in 1978.	Railway Museum of Athens	Greece
country	Knape (pronounced (ˈknaːpɛ)) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Škofja Loka in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Knape	Slovenia
country	Dobrljin (Cyrillic: Добрљин) is a village in the municipality of Novi Grad, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Dobrljin	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Diffa is a city and Urban Commune in the extreme southeast of Niger, near that country's border with Nigeria.	Diffa	Niger
country	The Nuremberg Cup (currently sponsored by Nürnberger Versicherunggruppe and called the Nürnberger Versicherungscup) is a professional women's tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts in Nuremberg, Germany.	Nuremberg Cup	Germany
country	Mornington Peninsula Freeway is a freeway in Melbourne, Victoria, Australia, that provides a link from outer suburban Melbourne to the Mornington Peninsula.	Mornington Peninsula Freeway	Australia
country	The Cardboard Cathedral in Christchurch, New Zealand, is the transitional pro-cathedral of the Anglican Diocese of Christchurch opened in August 2013.	Cardboard Cathedral	New Zealand
country	Lamon Bay is a large bay in the southern part of Luzon island in the Philippines.	Lamon Bay	Philippines
country	The National Gallery in Prague (Czech: Národní galerie v Praze) is a state-owned art gallery in Prague, which manages the largest collection of art in the Czech Republic.	National Gallery in Prague	Czech Republic
country	Camaya Falls is a collection of three waterfalls located in Camaya Coast in the city of Mariveles, in the southwestern part of the Bataan peninsula and province, Philippines.	Camaya Falls	Philippines
country	Helmeroth is a municipality in the district of Altenkirchen, in Rhineland-Palatinate, in western Germany.	Helmeroth	Germany
country	The Southern Tablelands is a geographic area of New South Wales, Australia, located west of the Great Dividing Range.	Southern Tablelands	Australia
country	Andraž nad Polzelo (pronounced (anˈdɾaːʃ nat ˈpoːu̯zɛlɔ)) is a settlement in the Municipality of Polzela in Slovenia.	Andraž nad Polzelo	Slovenia
country	Baniyas (Arabic: بانياس‎ Bāniyās) is a city in Tartous Governorate, northwestern Syria, located 55 km south of Latakia (ancient Laodicea) and 35 km north of Tartous (ancient Tortosa) It is famous for its citrus fruit orchards and its export of wood.	Baniyas	Syria
country	The Nationale Postcode Loterij (National Postcode Lottery) is the biggest charity lottery in the Netherlands.	Nationale Postcode Loterij	Netherlands
country	Makerere University School of Health Sciences (MUSM), is one of the schools that constitute Makerere University College of Health Sciences (MUCHS), a semi-autonomous constituent college of Makerere University, Uganda's oldest university.	Makerere University School of Health Sciences	Uganda
country	Ablinga is a village in Lithuania, located 48 km (30 mi) east of Klaipėda.	Ablinga	Lithuania
country	Wirek (German: Antonienhütte) is a district in the centre of Ruda Śląska, Silesian Voivodeship, southern Poland.	Wirek	Poland
country	Debeljača (Serbian Cyrillic: Дебељача, pronounced (dɛbɛ̌ʎat͡ʃa), Hungarian: Torontálvásárhely) is a village in Serbia.	Debeljača	Serbia
country	The New Farmers-Small Landowners Party (Latvian: Latvijas Jaunsaimnieku un sīkgruntnieku partija) was a political party in Latvia during the inter-war period.	New Farmers-Small Landowners Party	Latvia
country	Dolomiti lucane is a mountain range in the province of Basilicata, southern Italy.	Dolomiti lucane	Italy
country	Kerem Atzmona (Hebrew: כרם עצמונה‎) was an unauthorized Israeli outpost in the Gush Katif settlement bloc, located in the south-west edge of the Gaza Strip, and evacuated as part of Israel's unilateral disengagement plan of 2005.	Kerem Atzmona	Israel
country	Fish River Station is a protected area approximately 50 km (31 mi) south of Daly River and 150 kilometres (93 mi) south of Darwin in the Northern Territory of Australia.	Fish River Station	Australia
country	Kenutu Island is a privately owned island of the coast of Vava'u Island that belongs to the Kingdom of Tonga.	Kenutu	Tonga
country	Chinese Mosque, Rantau Panjang or Sultan Ismail Petra Silver Jubilee Mosque and Beijing Mosque (Malay: Masjid China, Rantau Panjang or Masjid Jubli Perak Sultan Ismail Petra and Masjid Beijing) is a Chinese-style mosque in Rantau Panjang, Kelantan, Malaysia.	Sultan Ismail Petra Silver Jubilee Mosque	Malaysia
country	Susong County (simplified Chinese: 宿松县; traditional Chinese: 宿松縣) is a county in Anhui Province, People's Republic of China, under the jurisdiction of Anqing City.	Susong County	People's Republic of China
country	Kavango West is one of the fourteen Regions of Namibia.	Kavango West	Namibia
country	Qara Su, Qarasu or Los Island, is an uninhabited sandy island south of the Bay of Baku, Azerbaijan.	Qara Su	Azerbaijan
country	Bennebroek (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈbɛnəbruk)) is a town and former municipality in the northwest Netherlands, now part of Bloemendaal, North Holland.	Bennebroek	Netherlands
country	The House of Sponheim or Spanheim (also called Sponheimer or Spanheimer) was a medieval German noble family, which originated in Rhenish Franconia.	House of Sponheim	Rhenish Franconia
country	Gemmersdorf is a village in Austria with 687 inhabitants and is a district of the municipality Sankt Andrä.	Gemmersdorf	Austria
country	Metline (Tunisian Arabic: الماتلين ‎) is a commune and town on the Mediterranean coast, in the Bizerte Governorate of northern Tunisia.	Metline	Tunisia
country	Chotěboř (Czech pronunciation: (ˈxocɛbor̝̊); German: Chotieborsch) is a town in the Havlíčkův Brod District, Vysočina Region, Czech Republic.	Chotěboř	Czech Republic
country	Rakovlje (pronounced (ɾaˈkoːu̯ljɛ)) is a settlement in the Municipality of Braslovče in Slovenia.	Rakovlje	Slovenia
country	Karlovy Vary or Carlsbad (Czech pronunciation: (ˈkarlovɪ ˈvarɪ); German: Karlsbad, Hungarian: Károlyfürdő) is a spa town situated in western Bohemia, Czech Republic, on the confluence of the rivers Ohře and Teplá, approximately 130 km (81 mi) west of Prague (Praha).	Karlovy Vary	Czech Republic
country	Turovi (Serbian Cyrillic: Турови) is a village in Trnovo municipality, City of East Sarajevo, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Turovi	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Staświny-Osada (staɕˈfinɨ ɔˈsada) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Miłki, within Giżycko County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Staświny-Osada	Poland
country	The Speaker of the Flemish Parliament (Dutch: Voorzitter van het Vlaams Parlement) is the presiding member of the Flemish Parliament, which is the legislature of Flanders (Belgium).	Speaker of the Flemish Parliament	Belgium
country	Pristava nad Stično (pronounced (pɾiˈstaːʋa nat ˈstiːtʃnɔ); German: Maierhof) is a small settlement in the hills north of Stična in the Municipality of Ivančna Gorica in central Slovenia.	Pristava nad Stično	Slovenia
country	Ortel Książęcy Drugi (ˈɔrtɛl kɕɔ̃ˈʐɛnt͡sɨ ˈdruɡʲi) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała Podlaska, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Ortel Książęcy Drugi	Poland
country	The Minister Plenipotentiary of Sint Maarten (Dutch: Gevolmachtigd Minister van Sint Maarten) represents the constituent country of Sint Maarten in the Council of Ministers of the Kingdom of the Netherlands.	Minister Plenipotentiary of Sint Maarten	Netherlands
country	Golzernsee or Golzerensee is a lake at Golzern in the Canton of Uri, Switzerland.	Golzernsee	Switzerland
country	TVR Cultural was the cultural channel of Romania's government-funded television network Televiziunea Română.It provided cultural news, documentaries about the arts, as well as various shows, musicals and theatrical pieces.	TVR Cultural	Romania
country	Jajur (Armenian: Ջաջուռ) is a village in the Shirak Province of Armenia.	Jajur	Armenia
country	Vrhulje (pronounced (ʋəɾˈxuːljɛ)) is a settlement in the hills northeast of Raka in the Municipality of Krško in eastern Slovenia.	Vrhulje	Slovenia
country	Nocera Terinese is a town and comune of the province of Catanzaro in the Calabria region of southern Italy.	Nocera Terinese	Italy
country	Pas Bayar (Persian: پس بايار‎, also Romanized as Pas Bāyār) is a village in Pataveh Rural District, Pataveh District, Dana County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Pas Bayar	Iran
country	The Dominion Timber and Minerals Railway was a private standard-gauge railroad that operated in the Laurentian Mountains of Southwestern Quebec, Canada from 1916 to 1981.	Dominion Timber and Minerals Railway	Canada
country	Rotunda da Boavista, also known as the Praça de Mouzinho de Albuquerque, is a large roundabout in Porto, Portugal.	Rotunda da Boavista	Portugal
country	Dəliməmmədli (also, Dälimämmädli, Dalilamedli, Dal’mamedli, Dal’mamedly, and Dalimamedli) is a small town and municipality in the Goranboy Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Dəliməmmədli	Azerbaijan
country	Qaan Dhoole is a town in the southeastern Lower Shabelle (Shabeellaha Hoose) region of Somalia.	Qaan Dhoole	Somalia
country	Museo Colonial (English: Colonial Museum) is a historical, cultural and religious museum located in Santiago, Chile.	Museo Colonial	Chile
country	Nesari is a village in Gadhinglaj Taluka of Kolhapur district in Maharashtra, India.	Nesari	India
country	Sultan Abdul Halim Airport (IATA: AOR, ICAO: WMKA) is an airport that serves Alor Setar, a city in the state of Kedah in Malaysia.	Sultan Abdul Halim Airport	Malaysia
country	Ismikhanly is a village in the Barda Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Ismikhanly	Azerbaijan
country	Kirenga River (Russian: Киренга) is a river in Irkutsk Oblast in Russia, a right tributary of the Lena which flows north between the upper Lena and Lake Baikal.	Kirenga River	Russia
country	The Moravian Karst (Czech: Moravský kras) is a karst landscape and protected nature reserve to the north of Brno in the eastern part of the Czech Republic, located near the town of Blansko.	Moravian Karst	Czech Republic
country	Estadio Olímpico Atahualpa (Spanish pronunciation: (ataˈwalpa)) is a multi-purpose stadium in Quito, Ecuador.	Estadio Olímpico Atahualpa	Ecuador
country	Urataman (Russian: Уратаман) is a somma volcano located at the northern end of Simushir Island, Kuril Islands, Russia.	Urataman	Russia
country	Casas del Castañar is a municipality in the province of Cáceres in Spain, near the Sierra de Gredos mountain range.	Casas del Castañar	Spain
country	Gahtelai is the name of a river, town and plain situated in the Northern Red Sea administrative region of Eritrea.	Gahtelai	Eritrea
country	The Chagres National Park is located between the Province of Panama and Colon, in the Eastern sector of the Panama Canal with a total surface area of 129,000 hectares (320,000 acres).	Chagres National Park	Panama
country	The Shire of Wickepin is a local government area in the Wheatbelt region of Western Australia, east of Narrogin and about 220 kilometres (137 mi) southeast of the state capital, Perth.	Shire of Wickepin	Australia
country	Uqsha (local Quechua for a high altitude grass (uqsa), also spelled Ocsha) is a mountain in the Cordillera Central in the Andes of Peru, about 4,800 m (15,748 ft) high.	Uqsha	Peru
country	As of 2011 India census, The total population in Gopalasamudram town is 10,694.	Gopalasamudram	India
country	Wólka Gieraszowska (ˈvulka ɡʲɛraˈʂɔfska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łoniów, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Wólka Gieraszowska	Poland
country	Djanet (Arabic: جانت‎) is an oasis city, and capital of Djanet District, in Illizi Province, southeast Algeria.	Djanet	Algeria
country	Marathwada become a part of Nizam of Hyderabad, which later came to be known as the princely state of Hyderabad but under the suzerainty of British India.	Marathwada	India
country	Chekiang Province, Republic of China (1912--1955) was abolished after the ROC Forces, ROC government officials and local residents were evacuated from Tachen to Taiwan in 1955 following the military defeat of ROC by People's Republic of China's People's Liberation Army forces during the Battle of Tachen Archipelago.	Chekiang Province, Republic of China	Taiwan
country	Teluk Datok is the administrative capital of Kuala Langat district in the state of Selangor, Malaysia.	Teluk Datok	Malaysia
country	Al Ain University of Science and Technology (AAU, in Arabic:جامعة العين للعلوم والتكنولوجيا was established in 2004 and is located in the city of Al Ain, within the Emirate of Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates.	Al Ain University of Science and Technology	United Arab Emirates
country	Zgornji Prhovec (pronounced (ˈzɡoːɾnji pəɾˈxɔːʋəts) or (ˈzɡoːɾnji pəɾˈxoːʋəts); in older sources also Perhovic; German: Perhouz) is a settlement north of Izlake in the Municipality of Zagorje ob Savi in central Slovenia.	Zgornji Prhovec	Slovenia
country	Jinka is a market town in southern Ethiopia.	Jinka	Ethiopia
country	The University of Yaoundé was a university in Cameroon, located in Yaoundé.	University of Yaoundé	Cameroon
country	Menai High School is a secondary school located in Menai, a suburb in Sydney's Sutherland Shire, New South Wales, Australia.	Menai High School	Australia
country	Caradon was a local government district in Cornwall, United Kingdom.	Caradon	United Kingdom
country	Mount Kinch is a volcanic knob in southwestern British Columbia, Canada, located 79 km (49 mi) east of Rivers Inlet.	Mount Kinch	Canada
country	The Pieniny Klippen Belt emerges from beneath the Neogene sediments of the Vienna basin near Podbranč in western Slovakia and continues eastward to Poland, where it bends and returns to Slovakia in the area of Pieniny.	Pieniny Klippen Belt	Slovakia	Poland
country	Rathcoffey or Rathcoffy (Irish: Ráth Chofaigh, meaning ``Cofaigh's ringfort'') is a village in County Kildare, Ireland.	Rathcoffey	Ireland
country	Aratorés is a small village located in the municipality of Castiello de Jaca in the Huesca province of Aragón, Spain.	Aratorés	Spain
country	Lower Seletar is a subzone located in the northern part of Singapore, situated within the town of Yishun.	Lower Seletar	Singapore
country	The Port of Mogadishu, also known as the Mogadishu International Port, is the official seaport of Mogadishu, the capital of Somalia.	Port of Mogadishu	Somalia
country	Place des Arts is a major performing arts centre in Montreal, Quebec, and the largest cultural and artistic complex in Canada.	Place des Arts	Canada
country	The Blue Mountain Echo, also published as The Blue Mountain star, The Katoomba Daily, The Blue Mountains Daily, and The Blue Mountains Echo was semi-weekly English language newspaper published in Katoomba, New South Wales, Australia.	The Blue Mountain Echo	Australia
country	Hanmer Springs Ski Area, located on Mount Saint Patrick, South Island, New Zealand is a club skifield 17km (about 35 minutes' drive) from the town of Hanmer Springs.	Hanmer Springs Ski Area	New Zealand
country	The Royal Dutch Geographical Society, or Koninklijk Nederlands Aardrijkskundig Genootschap (KNAG) in Dutch, is an organization of geographers and those interested in geography in The Netherlands.	Royal Dutch Geographical Society	Netherlands
country	The village is heavily protected by the highest and widest dunes of the Netherlands, which reach about 54m (164 ft) above sealevel right behind the center of Schoorl, and are more than 5 km (3mls) wide.	Schoorl	Netherlands
country	Vieira do Minho (Portuguese pronunciation: (viˈɐjɾɐ ðu ˈmiɲu)) is a municipality in the district of Braga, in the north of Portugal.	Vieira do Minho	Portugal
country	Cimiez Cathedral (French: Cathédrale Sainte-Marie de Cimiez, also Cathédrale Notre-Dame du Château), was the former Roman Catholic cathedral of Nice in the south of France, sited on the hill of the castle overlooking the city (the château de Nice).	Cimiez Cathedral	France
country	Dongwon Institute of Science and Technology is a private college located in Yangsan City, South Gyeongsang province, South Korea.	Dongwon Institute of Science and Technology	South Korea
country	Goriški Vrh (pronounced (ɡɔˈɾiːʃki ˈʋəɾx)) is a dispersed settlement in the hills north of Dravograd in the Carinthia region in northern Slovenia, right on the border with Austria.	Goriški Vrh	Slovenia
country	The Mara River is a river in Mara Region in Tanzania and Narok County in Kenya, and lies across the migration path of ungulates in the Serengeti/Masai Mara game reserves.	Mara River	Tanzania	Kenya
country	Marawara (Marah Warah) is a village and the center of Marawara district, Kunar Province, Afghanistan.	Marawara	Afghanistan
country	Karka is a summit in the Hindu Raj range in Northern Pakistan and has a peak elevation of 6,222 metres (20,413 ft).	Karka	Pakistan
country	Duayaw Nkwanta is a town and the capital of Tano North District, a district in the Brong-Ahafo Region of Ghana, located close to the capital of Brong-Ahafo, Sunyani.	Duayaw Nkwanta	Ghana
country	Palacký University, Olomouc is the oldest university in Moravia and the second-oldest in the Czech Republic.	Palacký University, Olomouc	Czech Republic
country	Pavilion Kuala Lumpur is a shopping mall situated in the Bukit Bintang district in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.	Pavilion Kuala Lumpur	Malaysia
country	Czelatyce (t͡ʂɛlaˈtɨt͡sɛ) (Ukrainian: Челятичі, Cheliatychi) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rokietnica, within Jarosław County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Czelatyce	Poland
country	Kwakéa (or Pakea, or Qakea) is an islet located east of Vanua Lava in the Banks Islands, Vanuatu.	Kwakéa	Vanuatu
country	Værlandet Chapel (Norwegian: Værlandet bedehuskapell) is a chapel in Askvoll Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county, Norway.	Værlandet Chapel	Norway
country	Shurjeh-ye Hoseynabad (Persian: شورجه حسين اباد‎, also romanized as Shūrjeh-ye Ḩoseynābād; also known as Ḩoseynābād) is a village in Bastam Rural District, in the Central District of Chaypareh County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Shurjeh-ye Hoseynabad	Iran
country	Rostam Poshteh (Persian: رستم پشته‎) is a village in Goli Jan Rural District, in the Central District of Tonekabon County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Rostam Poshteh	Iran
country	The Serdang-Kinrara-Putrajaya Expressway, SKIP is a new expressway under planning in Klang Valley, Malaysia.	Serdang-Kinrara-Putrajaya Expressway	Malaysia
country	Lom Stave Church (Norwegian: Lom stavkyrkje) is a stave church situated in Lom municipality in the Gudbrandsdal district of Norway.	Lom Stave Church	Norway
country	Elbow-Sheep Wildland Provincial Park is a provincial park and wildlife reserve located in the Kananaskis Country in south-western Alberta, Canada.	Elbow-Sheep Wildland Provincial Park	Canada
country	Montemesola is a town and comune in the Taranto province in the Apulia region of southeast Italy.	Montemesola	Italy
country	Batenburg Castle (Kasteel Batenburg in Dutch) is located in the village of Batenburg, in the Gelderland province in the Netherlands.	Batenburg Castle	Netherlands
country	Tal-Qadi Temple is a megalithic temple in Salina, limits of Naxxar, Malta.	Tal-Qadi Temple	Malta
country	The Secretary of State for Protestant Affairs (French: Secrétaire d'État de la Religion Prétendue Réformée, or R.P.R., the ``So-called Reformed Religion''), was the secretary of state in France during the ``Ancien Régime'' and Bourbon Restoration in charge of overseeing French Protestant affairs.	Secretary of State for Protestant Affairs	France
country	Aq Guni (Persian: اق گوني‎, also Romanized as Āq Gūnī; also known as Āghgūnī) is a village in Mehmandust Rural District, Kuraim District, Nir County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Aq Guni	Iran
country	American Samoa Community College is a two-year WASC college located in the village of Mapusaga, on the island of Tutuila in American Samoa, an unorganized, unincorporated territory of the United States of America.	American Samoa Community College	United States of America
country	Vouga River (Portuguese pronunciation: (ˈvoɡɐ)) is a river in the Centro Region of Portugal.	Vouga River	Portugal
country	The Belvedere on the Pfingstberg (German: Belvedere auf dem Pfingstberg) is a palace in the northern part of the New Garden in Potsdam, Germany, atop Pfingstberg mountain.	Belvedere on the Pfingstberg	Germany
country	Aleksotas Funicular Railway (Lithuanian: Aleksoto funikulierius) is a funicular railway located in Aleksotas elderate of Kaunas, Lithuania.	Aleksotas Funicular Railway	Lithuania
country	Tyczyn (ˈtɨt͡ʂɨn) is a town in southern Poland with a population of 3,353 inhabitants (02.06.2009).	Tyczyn	Poland
country	Wodzisław Śląski (vɔˈd͡ʑiswaf ˈɕlɔ̃ski) (German: Loslau, Latin: Vladislavia, Czech: Vladislav) is a town in Silesian Voivodeship, southern Poland with 50,493 inhabitants (2007).	Wodzisław Śląski	Poland
country	The 1977 Argentine Grand Prix was a Formula One motor race held at the Buenos Aires circuit, Argentina on January 9, 1977.	1977 Argentine Grand Prix	Argentina
country	El Hierro, nicknamed Isla del Meridiano (the ``Meridian Island''), is the smallest and farthest south and west of the Canary Islands (an Autonomous Community of Spain), in the Atlantic Ocean off the coast of Africa, with a population of 10,162 (2003).	El Hierro	Spain
country	Furttal is the name of a valley region in Switzerland between Lägern and Altberg in the Dielsdorf district of the canton of Zurich.	Furttal	Switzerland
country	Fergusson College (FC) is a degree college in western India, situated in the city of Pune.	Fergusson College	India
country	Gęsin (ˈɡɛ̃ɕin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zakrzewo, within Aleksandrów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Gęsin	Poland
country	Kastamonu Airport (IATA: KFS, ICAO: LTAL) is an airport located in the city of Kastamonu, Turkey..	Kastamonu Airport	Turkey
country	Asiab Darreh (Persian: اسيابدره‎, also Romanized as Āsīāb Darreh) is a village in Eshkevar-e Sofla Rural District, Rahimabad District, Rudsar County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Asiab Darreh	Iran
country	Mustafa Centre is one of Singapore's 24-hour shopping malls on Syed Alwi Road in Little India.	Mustafa Centre	Singapore
country	Kasteel Lagendal is a country house in Lummen, in the province of Limburg, Belgium.	Kasteel Lagendal	Belgium
country	Ilimnir (Russian: Илимнир) is a rural locality (a selo), the only inhabited locality, and the administrative center of Ilimnirsky Rural Okrug of Suntarsky District in the Sakha Republic, Russia, located 22 kilometers (14 mi) from Suntar, the administrative center of the district.	Ilimnir	Russia
country	F.G. Boys High School No 1 Multan, with the full name of Federal Government Boys High School No 1 Multan, is a secondary school located in the Cantonment area of Multan (city), in the Punjab Province of eastern Pakistan.	F.G. Boys High School No 1 Multan	Pakistan
country	Guisti (Arabic: جويستي‎) is a village located in southeastern Djibouti.	Guisti	Djibouti
country	Albina Airstrip (IATA: ABN, ICAO: SMBN) is an airport located near Albina, a town in and the capital of the Marowijne district in Suriname.	Albina Airstrip	Suriname
country	The Oppian Hill (Latin, Oppius Mons; Italian: Colle Oppio) is the southern spur of the Esquiline Hill, one of the Seven Hills of Rome, Italy.	Oppian Hill	Italy
country	The Basilica of San Frediano is a Romanesque church in Lucca, Italy, situated on the Piazza San Frediano.	Basilica of San Frediano	Italy
country	Future Prime Minister of the United Kingdom, Anthony Eden, spent part of his childhood in Beamish Hall.	Beamish Hall	United Kingdom
country	The Sultan Ahmed Mosque is first one of the two mosques in Turkey that has six minarets, the second one being the Sabancı Mosque in Adana.	Sultan Ahmed Mosque	Turkey
country	Bouchard Plaza is an architecturally significant office building in the San Nicolás ward of Buenos Aires, Argentina.	Bouchard Plaza	Argentina
country	The Krøderen Line (Norwegian: Krøderbanen) is a heritage railway line connecting the Krøderen lake in Buskerud, Norway, to the town of Vikersund.	Krøderen Line	Norway
country	The Kyaw River (Burmese: ကျောမြစ်, Kyaw Chaung) is a river of upper Burma (Myanmar) in Magway Division.	Kyaw River	Myanmar
country	Mount Agou (earlier known as Mount Baumann) is the highest mountain in Togo at 986 metres (3234 ft.).	Mount Agou	Togo
country	Nowy Lubusz (ˈnɔvɨ ˈlubuʂ) (German: Neu Lebus) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słubice, within Słubice County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland, close to the German border.	Nowy Lubusz	Poland
country	The International Centre for Birds of Prey, formerly the National Birds of Prey Centre, in the United Kingdom houses a large collection of birds of prey with over 60 species of owls, eagles and hawks.	International Centre for Birds of Prey	United Kingdom
country	Česukai is a village in Varėna district municipality, in Alytus County, southeastern Lithuania.	Česukai	Lithuania
country	Dar Nageg (Persian: درنگگ‎) is a village in Gafr and Parmon Rural District, Gafr and Parmon District, Bashagard County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Dar Nageg	Iran
country	Brampton East also has the highest percentages of Sikhs (33.7%) and Hindus (19.4%) of any riding in Canada, along with having the lowest median age in Ontario at 32.6.	Brampton East	Canada
country	Łapinóżek (wapiˈnuʐɛk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wąpielsk, within Rypin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Łapinóżek	Poland
country	Krestena (Greek: Κρέστενα) is a town and a community in Elis, West Greece, Greece.	Krestena	Greece
country	The UFO-Memorial Ängelholm is a shrine dedicated to a supposed UFO landing in Kronoskogen, a suburb of Ängelholm, Sweden.	UFO-Memorial Ängelholm	Sweden
country	The Laleli Dam is an embankment dam, currently under construction near the town of Laleli on the Çoruh River in Erzurum Province, Turkey.	Laleli Dam	Turkey
country	Zwartberg Airfield (IATA: GNK, ICAO: EBZW) is a public use airport located 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-northeast of Genk, Limburg, Belgium.	Zwartberg Airfield	Belgium
country	Sihuas District is one of ten districts that make up the province of Sihuas in the Ancash region of Peru.	Sihuas District	Peru
country	The Gate of Trajan or Trajan's Gate (Bulgarian: Траянови врата, Trayanovi vrata) is a historic mountain pass near Ihtiman, Bulgaria.	Gate of Trajan	Bulgaria
country	The Mühlkreis Autobahn (A7) is an Autobahn (motorway) in the Austrian state of Upper Austria.	Mühlkreis Autobahn	Austria
country	Lai da Sontga Maria (Italian: Lago di Santa Maria) is a lake, located north of the Lukmanier Pass in Switzerland.	Lai da Sontga Maria	Switzerland
country	Palace Albanija (Serbian: Палата ''Албанија``, Palata ''Albanija``, English: Palace Albania) is a high-rise building in Belgrade, Serbia.	Palace Albanija	Serbia
country	Gabrje pri Dobovi (pronounced (ˈɡaːbəɾjɛ pɾi ˈdoːbɔʋi)) is a settlement north of Dobova in the Municipality of Brežice in eastern Slovenia.	Gabrje pri Dobovi	Slovenia
country	San Bartolomeo in Pantano is a church in Pistoia, Tuscany, central Italy, dedicated to St. Bartholomew the Apostle.	San Bartolomeo in Pantano	Italy
country	Grčarske Ravne (pronounced (ˈɡəɾtʃaɾskɛ ˈɾaːu̯nɛ); German: Masereben) is a settlement south of Dolenja Vas in the Municipality of Ribnica in southern Slovenia.	Grčarske Ravne	Slovenia
country	Presented by Studio 303 in Montreal, Quebec, Canada, Edgy Women focuses on feminist perspectives with workshops and forums, performance events, and socializing.	Edgy Women	Canada
country	Kriška Vas (pronounced (ˈkɾiːʃka ˈʋaːs); Slovene: Kriška vas, in older sources also Križna Vas, German: Kreuzdorf) is a village south of Višnja Gora in the Municipality of Ivančna Gorica in central Slovenia.	Kriška Vas	Slovenia
country	Tzummarum (West Frisian: Tsjummearum) is a small village in Franekeradeel in the province of Friesland, the Netherlands.	Tzummarum	Netherlands
country	Chungju Stadium (Korean: 충주종합운동장) is a sports complex and training ground in Chungju, South Korea.	Chungju Stadium	South Korea
country	Cape Morris Jesup is the northernmost point of mainland Greenland at 83°37′39``N 32°39′52''W and is 711.8 km (384 nm / 442 miles) from the geographic North Pole.	Cape Morris Jesup	Greenland
country	The Western Australian Screen Academy (also known as WA Screen Academy) is situated within the School of Communications and Arts at Edith Cowan University in Perth, Western Australia.	WA Screen Academy	Australia
country	Wireless Thessaloniki is an experimental wireless community network growing in the air of Thessaloniki, Greece.	Wireless Thessaloniki	Greece
country	Minas de Oro is located to the northeast of Comayagua, 150 km to the northwest of Tegucigalpa, the capital of Honduras.	Minas de Oro	Honduras
country	Szewna (ˈʂɛvna) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bodzechów, within Ostrowiec County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Szewna	Poland
country	BBC Two is the second television channel operated by the British Broadcasting Corporation (BBC) in the United Kingdom, Isle of Man and Channel Islands.	BBC Two	United Kingdom
country	Rauma Old Town Hall is a building located in the UNESCO World Heritage Site of Old Rauma in Rauma, Finland.	Rauma Old Town Hall	Finland
country	Unlike Ossa, Bultaco, and Montesa, Derbi successfully met the challenges that followed the Spanish transition to democracy and Spain's entry into the European Community.	Derbi	Spain
country	The Main Line Through Upper Norrland (Swedish: Stambanan genom övre Norrland) is a 626-kilometre (389 mi) long railway line between Bräcke, Jämtland County and Boden, Norrbotten County in Sweden.	Main Line Through Upper Norrland	Sweden
country	The Bloodvein First Nation is located on the east side of Lake Winnipeg, along the Bloodvein River in Manitoba, Canada.	Bloodvein First Nation	Canada
country	Mombasa (/məmˈbɑːsə/; Kenyan English: (mɔmˈbɑːsə)) is a city on the coast of Kenya.	Mombasa	Kenya
country	DN21 (Romanian: Drumul Naţional 21) is a national road in Romania which that crosses the Bărăgan Plain, linking the Danube port of Brăila with Călăraşi.	DN21	Romania
country	Kankroli (Rajsamand) is a city located in the district of Rajsamand in Rajasthan, India.	Kankroli	India
country	Kenepuru Railway Station is on the North Island Main Trunk Railway (NIMT) in New Zealand, on Wellington's suburban rail network.	Kenepuru Railway Station	New Zealand
country	Ikhkhet (Mongolian: Иххэт) is a sum (district) of Dornogovi Province in southeastern Mongolia.	Ikhkhet	Mongolia
country	Bij (Persian: بيج‎, also Romanized as Bīj; also known as Bidzh) is a village in Chukam Rural District, Khomam District, Rasht County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Bij	Iran
country	Chiemsee (German pronunciation: (ˈkiːmzeː)) is a freshwater lake in Bavaria, Germany, near Rosenheim.	Chiemsee	Germany
country	Belvoir Fortress (Hebrew: כוכב הירדן‎, Kochav HaYarden ``Star of the Jordan'') is a Crusader fortress in northern Israel, on a hill 20 kilometres (12 mi) south of the Sea of Galilee.	Belvoir Fortress	Israel
country	Kaput (Persian: كاپوت‎, also Romanized as Kāpūt) is a village in Sokmanabad Rural District, Safayyeh District, Khoy County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Kaput	Iran
country	Vaitheeswara Vidyalayam (Tamil: வைத்தீஸ்வர வித்தியாலயம் Vaittīsvara Vittiyālayam, also known as Vaidyeshwara College) is a provincial school in Jaffna, Sri Lanka.	Vaitheeswara Vidyalayam	Sri Lanka
country	The Cemitério de Vila Formosa (Vila Formosa Cemetery) is a necropolis located in the East End district of Vila Formosa, in the city of São Paulo, Brazil.	Cemitério de Vila Formosa	Brazil
country	Brattvåg is the administrative centre of Haram Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway.	Brattvåg	Norway
country	Eselborn (Luxembourgish: Eeselbur) is a small town in the commune of Clervaux, in northern Luxembourg.	Eselborn	Luxembourg
country	Rupsi Airport (IATA: RUP, ICAO: VERU) is an airport located about 23 km (12.4 NM) from Dhubri town, in the Assam state of India.	Rupsi Airport	India
country	The necropolis of Dra' Abu el-Naga' is located on the West Bank of the Nile at Thebes, Egypt, just by the entrance of the dry bay that leads up to Deir el-Bahri, and north of the necropolis of el-Assasif.	Dra' Abu el-Naga'	Egypt
country	The Clara River is a river located in the Gulf Country of northwest Queensland, Australia.	Clara River	Australia
country	Podalakur or Podhalakur is a town and a Mandal in Nellore district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.	Podalakur	India
country	Kizelovskoye Urban Settlement (Russian: Ки́зеловское городско́е поселе́ние) is a municipal formation (an urban settlement) within Kizelovsky Municipal District of Perm Krai, Russia, which a part of the territory of the town of krai significance of Kizel is incorporated as.	Kizelovskoye Urban Settlement	Russia
country	The Warsaw Fotoplastikon is a stereoscopic theatre based on the Kaiserpanorama system of rotating stereoscopic images located in Warsaw, Poland.	Warsaw Fotoplastikon	Poland
country	Rumi District, formerly Kolkhozobod District or Nohiya-i Kolkhozobod (Tajik: Ноҳияи Колхозобод, Persian: ناحیۀ کالخازآباد‎), is a district in Khatlon province, Tajikistan, located south of the provincial capital Kurgan-Tyube (Qurghonteppa) and Vakhsh district.	Rumi District	Tajikistan
country	Nairobi (/naɪˈroʊbi/; locally (naɪˈroːbi)) is the capital and largest city of Kenya.	Nairobi	Kenya
country	Codral is a brand name of cold and flu medication manufactured by Johnson & Johnson and sold primarily in Australia & New Zealand.	Codral	Australia
country	Chignautla (municipality) is a town and municipality of the state of Puebla, in eastern Central Mexico.	Chignautla	Mexico
country	The Saint-Hyacinthe railway station is located at 1450 Sicotte Street in the city of Saint-Hyacinthe, Quebec, Canada.	Saint-Hyacinthe railway station	Canada
country	La Tele was a regional television network in Venezuela.	La Tele	Venezuela
country	Centre for Environmental Planning and Technology University (CEPT University) is an academic institution located in Ahmedabad, India offering undergraduate and postgraduate programmes in areas of natural and developed environment of human society and related disciplines.	CEPT University	India
country	Pio Island is an island in the Solomon Islands province of Makira-Ulawa.	Pio Island	Solomon Islands
country	The PSA Trnava Plant is a major car plant in Slovakia and the most recently established PSA Peugeot Citroën plant in Europe .	PSA Trnava Plant	Slovakia
country	Donji Rakani (Cyrillic: Доњи Ракани) is a village in the municipality of Novi Grad, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Donji Rakani	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Mali Iđoš (Serbian and Montenegrin Cyrillic: Мали Иђош, pronounced (mâːliː îd͡ʑoʃ); Hungarian: Kishegyes, pronounced (ˈkiʃhɛɟɛʃ)) is a village and municipality in the North Bačka District of Vojvodina, Serbia.	Mali Iđoš	Serbia
country	Platz der Luftbrücke is a landmarked square and transport node in Berlin, Germany, on the border between the localities of Tempelhof and Kreuzberg.	Platz der Luftbrücke	Germany
country	As of December 2012, the Ontario Parliament Network only has 10 remaining over-the-air transmitters, according to Industry Canada's TV spectrum database.	Ontario Parliament Network	Canada
country	Garačići (Serbian: Гарачићи) is a village in the municipality of Bugojno, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Garačići	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	A Wirtschaftsgymnasium (plural Wirtschaftsgymnasien) is a kind of school in Germany.	Wirtschaftsgymnasium	Germany
country	An Cư is a rural commune (xã) and village of the Tịnh Biên District of An Giang Province, Vietnam.	An Cư	Vietnam
country	The Campbell River Storm are a Junior ``B'' ice hockey team based in Campbell River, British Columbia, Canada.	Campbell River Storm	Canada
country	Nekurseni(নেকুরসেনী) is a small town in Paschim Medinipur District of West Bengal, India located approximately 50 km south of Khargapur Town.	Nekurseni	India
country	Pjeter Meshkalla High School (in Albanian: Shkolla e Mesme Pjeter Meshkalla) is a private Roman Catholic secondary school in Shkodra, Albania.	Pjeter Meshkalla High School	Albania
country	Hamengkubuwono (also spelt Hamengkubuwana and in Dutch transcription ``Hamengkoeboewono'') is the current ruling royal house of the Yogyakarta Sultanate in the Yogyakarta Special Region of Indonesia.	Hamengkubuwono	Indonesia
country	Luftseilbahn Adliswil-Felsenegg is a cable car in the canton of Zürich in Switzerland.	Luftseilbahn Adliswil-Felsenegg	Switzerland
country	Osiek Jasielski (ˈɔɕek jaˈɕelski) is a village in Jasło County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Osiek Jasielski	Poland
country	FK Sloga Jugomagnat (Macedonian: ФК Слога Југомагнат) was a football club that was played in Skopje, Republic of Macedonia.	FK Sloga Jugomagnat	Macedonia
country	Wiska Tunqu (Aymara wiska wool rope, tunqu maize ``rope maize'', hispanicized spelling Huiscatongo) is a mountain in the east of the Wansu mountain range in the Andes of Peru, about 5,200 metres (17,060 ft) high.	Wiska Tunqu	Peru
country	The 2010 Winter Olympics, officially known as the XXI Olympic Winter Games, was a winter multi-sport event held in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada, from February 12 to February 28.	2010 Winter Olympics	Canada
country	Šoštanj (pronounced (ˈʃoːʃtan)) is a town in northern Slovenia.	Šoštanj	Slovenia
country	Bulatovići (Cyrillic: Булатовићи) is a village in the municipality of Konjic, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Bulatovići	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Horšovský Týn (Czech pronunciation: (ˈhorʃofskiː ˈtiːn); German: Bischofteinitz) is a town in the Plzeň Region of the Czech Republic.	Horšovský Týn	Czech Republic
country	Niepokalanów monastery (so called City of the Immaculate Mother of God) is a Roman Catholic religious community in Teresin (42 km to the west from Warsaw), Poland founded in 1927 by Friar Minor Conventual Friar Maximilian Kolbe, who was later canonized as a saint-martyr of the Catholic Church.	Niepokalanów	Poland
country	Foggo is a town in Bauchi State, northern Nigeria some 150 km south-east of Kano, and about 40 km southwest of Azare.	Foggo	Nigeria
country	Tiszaszentimre is a village in Jász-Nagykun-Szolnok county, in the Northern Great Plain region of central Hungary.	Tiszaszentimre	Hungary
country	The Ayaş Tunnel (Turkish: Ayaş Tüneli) is a railway tunnel under construction near Ayaş town of Ankara Province in Central Anatolia, Turkey.	Ayaş Tunnel	Turkey
country	Uplistsikhe (Georgian: უფლისციხე; literally, ``the lord's fortress'') is an ancient rock-hewn town in eastern Georgia, some 10 kilometers east of the town of Gori, Shida Kartli.	Uplistsikhe	Georgia
country	Bar Gali (Persian: بارگلي‎, also Romanized as Bār Galī; also known as Bār Kalī) is a village in Otaqvar Rural District, Otaqvar District, Langarud County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Bar Gali	Iran
country	Maharajgunj is one of the old suburbs in Hyderabad, Telangana, India.	Maharajgunj	India
country	Cape San Román (Spanish: Cabo San Román) is a cape located in Paraguaná's northernmost point, in Venezuela.	Cape San Román	Venezuela
country	Çatalan Dam is an embankment dam on the Seyhan River dam in Adana Province, Turkey.	Çatalan Dam	Turkey
country	GCpedia is an internal wiki used by the Government of Canada, for collaboration and knowledge sharing.	GCpedia	Canada
country	Hainablak Glacier is a glacier near Trango Tower mountain in Baltistan, Gilgit-Baltistan, Pakistan.	Hainablak Glacier	Pakistan
country	Dún Laoghaire (Irish pronunciation: (d̪ˠuːn̪ˠ ˈɫeːrʲə), the older anglicisation of which, Dunleary, is also sometimes found) is a suburban seaside town in County Dublin, Ireland.	Dún Laoghaire	Ireland
country	Nayland College is a coeducational secondary school which is located in Stoke, Nelson, New Zealand.	Nayland College	New Zealand
country	Adok is a port on the White Nile in Jonglei State, South Sudan.	Adok	South Sudan
country	The Seaview Range, part of the Great Dividing Range, is a mountain range located west of Ingham in North Queensland, Australia.	Seaview Range	Australia
country	Aryankuzhi Devi Temple is a famous devi temple located at Aryankuzhi, Trivandrum district, Kerala, India.	Aryankuzhi Devi Temple	India
country	Ammas (also written Ammes) is a village in the commune of El Ouata, in Béchar Province, Algeria.	Ammas	Algeria
country	The Gießen-Koblenz Lahn Valley is a bowl in western Hesse and eastern Rhineland-Palatinate in Germany that contains the lower course of the Lahn as well as the Limburg Basin.	Gießen-Koblenz Lahn Valley	Germany
country	Port Said University (Arabic: جامعة بورسعيد‎) is a university in Port Said, Egypt.	Port Said University	Egypt
country	Condoto is also known as the ``Platinum Capital of Colombia''.	Condoto	Colombia
country	Çormanlı (Armenian: Գարնախար, Garnakhar) (also, Garnakar, Garrnak’ar, and Qarnakar) is a village in the Kalbajar Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Çormanlı	Azerbaijan
country	Moore Theological College, otherwise known simply as Moore College, is the theological training seminary of the Diocese of Sydney in the Anglican Church of Australia.	Moore Theological College	Australia
country	Făgăraș (Romanian pronunciation: (fəɡəˈraʃ); German: Fogarasch, Fugreschmarkt, Hungarian: Fogaras) is a city in central Romania, located in Brașov County.	Făgăraș	Romania
country	Trunojoyo Airport (Indonesian: Bandara Trunojoyo) (IATA: SUP, ICAO: WART), is an airport near Sumenep, a city in the Madura Island of East Java Indonesia.	Trunojoyo Airport	Indonesia
country	Baghbanan (Persian: باغبانان‎, also Romanized as Bāghbānān) is a village in Lulaman Rural District, in the Central District of Fuman County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Baghbanan	Iran
country	Darreh Eshq (Persian: دره عشق‎, also Romanized as Darreh ``Eshq and Darreh-ye ``Eshq) is a village in Mashayekh Rural District, Naghan District, Kiar County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 154, in 36 families.	Darreh Eshq	Iran
country	Hveragerði is a town and municipality in the south of Iceland located 45 km to the east of Reykjavík on Iceland's main ringroad, Route 1.	Hveragerði	Iceland
country	Augsburg-Haunstetten, also known as Haunstetten-Siebenbrunn is one of the seventeen Planungsräume (English: Planning district, singular: Planungsraum) of Augsburg, Bavaria, Germany.	Augsburg-Haunstetten	Germany
country	The National Advancement Party (Spanish: Partido de Avanzada Nacional) is a conservative political party in Guatemala.	National Advancement Party	Guatemala
country	The DEC Salzburg Eagles (Damen Eishockey Club Salzburg Eagles) are an Austrian women's ice hockey team based in Salzburg, Austria.	DEC Salzburg Eagles	Austria
country	Barmer Taluka is a taluka in Barmer District of Rajasthan state in western India.	Barmer Taluka	India
country	Miri Airport (IATA: MYY, ICAO: WBGR) is an airport located 9.5 km (5.9 mi) south east of Miri, a city in the state of Sarawak, Malaysia.	Miri Airport	Malaysia
country	Macharaviaya is a municipality in the province of Málaga in the mountains of the autonomous community of Andalusia in the south of Spain.	Macharaviaya	Spain
country	Iconi Airport (IATA: YVA, ICAO: FMCN) was an airport located in Moroni, the capital city of the Comoros islands.	Iconi Airport	Comoros
country	Aisha Manzil or Aysha Manzil (Urdu: عائشہ منزل‎) is one of the neighbourhoods of Gulberg Town in Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan.	Aisha Manzil	Pakistan
country	Levallois-Perret (IPA: (lə.va.lwa.pɛ.ʁɛ)) is a commune in the northwestern suburbs of Paris, France.	Levallois-Perret	France
country	Terlet Airfield (Dutch: Vliegveld Terlet) (ICAO: EHTL) is a small airfield in the Netherlands 2.5 NM (4.6 km; 2.9 mi) north of Arnhem in Gelderland and close to Deelen Air Base.	Terlet Airfield	Netherlands
country	Mowtowr-e Mohammad Ayyub Gargij (Persian: موتورمحمدايوب گرگيج‎, also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Moḩammad Āyyūb Gargīj; also known as Khodā Bakhsh Mīr Balūch) is a village in Gowhar Kuh Rural District, Nukabad District, Khash County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Mowtowr-e Mohammad Ayyub Gargij	Iran
country	Behrestan (Persian: بهرستان‎, also Romanized as Behrestān and Baharestan; also known as Bahristān and Behristān) is a village in Asir Rural District, Asir District, Mohr County, Fars Province, Iran.	Behrestan	Iran
country	Katete is a small town in the Eastern Province of Zambia, and is headquarters of Katete District.	Katete	Zambia
country	Rizoma (Greek: Ρίζωμα, before 1927: Σκλάταινα - Sklataina) is a village in the Trikala regional unit, Thessaly, Greece.	Rizoma	Greece
country	Toğanalı (also, Toganaly and Toganly) is a village and municipality in the Goygol Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Toğanalı	Azerbaijan
country	The Godovič Pass is a mountain pass between Ajdovščina and Črni Vrh, both in the Goriška region of Slovenia.	Godovič Pass	Slovenia
country	Joch (Catalan: Jóc) is a commune in the Pyrénées-Orientales department in southern France.	Joch	France
country	Braulio Carrillo National Park is a National Park in Heredia Province and San José Province, in central Costa Rica It is part of the Central Volcanic Conservation Area.	Braulio Carrillo National Park	Costa Rica
country	Skalborg station is a railway station serving the district of Skalborg in the city of Aalborg, Denmark.	Skalborg station	Denmark
country	Viñales Valley (Spanish: ''Valle de Viñales'') is a karstic depression in Cuba.	Viñales Valley	Cuba
country	Turunç is a popular Turkish holiday resort situated in the Marmaris district of Muğla Province, Turkey.	Turunç	Turkey
country	Pamarru, East Godavari district is a village and a Mandal in East Godavari district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India Total population of Pamarru Mandal is 66,136 living in 17,205 Houses, Spread across total 54 villages and 26 panchayats.	Pamarru, East Godavari district	India
country	After the conquest of Palestine by forces of the Rashidun Caliphate in the 7th century, a military camp was established at Imwas, which formed part of the newly created administrative district of Jund al-Urdunn (District of Jordan).	Imwas	Jordan
country	Dinivodno Lake (Albanian: Liqeni i Dinivodnos; Serbian: Диниводно језеро, Dinivodno jezero) is a circular-shaped mountain lake in southern Kosovo.	Dinivodno Lake	Kosovo
country	Šipan (pronounced (ʃǐpan)) also Sipano (Italian: Giuppana) is the largest of the Elaphiti Islands, 17 km (11 mi) northwest of Dubrovnik, Croatia; separated from the mainland coast by the Koločepski Channel; area 16.22 km2 (6.3 sq mi);	Šipan	Croatia
country	Gus's cafe is a cafe located in Civic, Canberra, Australia.	Gus's	Australia
country	Grale (ˈɡralɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kadzidło, within Ostrołęka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Grale	Poland
country	Koytul (also, Koytu) is a former town in the Aragatsotn Province of Armenia.	Koytul	Armenia
country	Écaussinnes-Lalaing Castle (French: Château d'Écaussinnes-Lalaing) is a castle in the village of Écaussinnes-Lalaing in the municipality of Écaussinnes in the province of Hainaut, Belgium.	Écaussinnes-Lalaing Castle	Belgium
country	Loyada (Arabic: لويادا ‎) is a small town in Djibouti.	Loyada	Djibouti
country	El Entrego (Asturian: L'Entregu, ``the surrender'') is a town and urban center in San Martín del Rey Aurelio, Asturias, Spain.	El Entrego	Spain
country	Ahu Barand (Persian: اهوبرند‎, also Romanized as Āhū Barand) is a village in Qilab Rural District, Alvar-e Garmsiri District, Andimeshk County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Ahu Barand	Iran
country	Kamalgazi is a small locality situated on the Garia Main Road in Garia, India.	Kamalgazi	India
country	Heleneholm is a neighbourhood of Malmö, situated in the Borough of Fosie, Malmö Municipality, Skåne County, Sweden.	Heleneholm	Sweden
country	Bilaspur Airport (IATA: PAB, ICAO: VABI) is located at the village of Chakarbhatta, 10 km south of Bilaspur, in the state of Chhattisgarh, India.	Bilaspur Airport	India
country	Lastovo (pronounced (lâstɔv̞ɔ); Italian: Lagosta, German: Augusta, Latin: Augusta Insula, Greek: Ladestanos, Illyrian: Ladest) is an island municipality in the Dubrovnik-Neretva County in Croatia.	Lastovo	Croatia
country	San Felice sul Panaro since Roman times has been an important center of the central Po valley in northern Italy.	San Felice sul Panaro	Italy
country	Remedios Circle, also known as the Plaza de la Virgen de los Remedios, Remedios Rotonda, and Rotary Circle, is a traffic circle in Malate, Manila in the Philippines, serving as the intersection between Remedios Street, Jorge Bocobo Street and Adriatico Street.	Remedios Circle	Philippines
country	Ixtapan del Oro is a town and municipality in the State of Mexico, in Mexico.	Ixtapan del Oro	Mexico
country	Fife Sound is a sound in the Broughton Archipelago of the Central Coast of British Columbia, Canada.	Fife Sound	Canada
country	Köhnədaxar (also, Köhnədəhar, Këgnadakhar and Kekhna-Dakhar) is a village in the Ismailli Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Köhnədaxar	Azerbaijan
country	Ərçiman (also, Archiman) is a village and municipality in the Shamakhi Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Ərçiman	Azerbaijan
country	De Weerribben-Wieden National Park is a national park in the Steenwijkerland municipality of the province of Overijssel, Netherlands.	De Weerribben-Wieden National Park	Netherlands
country	Opole Lubelskie (ɔˈpɔlɛ luˈbɛlskʲɛ) is a town in eastern Poland.	Opole Lubelskie	Poland
country	Katpadi (pronounced (katːpaːdi)) is a locality in Vellore, at the northern part of Vellore city in the state of Tamil Nadu, India.	Katpadi	India
country	Lundsbergs boarding school is a Swedish boarding school located in the Parish of Storfors north of Kristinehamn in Värmland, Sweden.	Lundsbergs boarding school	Sweden
country	Kalateh-ye Mown (Persian: كلاته معاون‎, also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Mʿown) is a village in Shandiz Rural District, Shandiz District, Torqabeh and Shandiz County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Kalateh-ye Mown	Iran
country	Vladislav Hall is a large room within the Prague Castle complex in the Czech Republic, used for large public events of the Bohemian monarchy and the modern Czech state.	Vladislav Hall	Czech Republic
country	Moretna Jiru (Amharic ``Moret and Jiru'') is one of the woredas in the Amhara Region of Ethiopia.	Moretna Jiru	Ethiopia
country	The Petrești mine is a large mine in the northwest of Romania in Cluj County, 52 km north-east of Cluj-Napoca and 478 km northwest of the capital, Bucharest.	Petrești mine	Romania
country	Seh Tonbak (Persian: سه تنبك‎, also Romanized as Setonbak) is a village in Sigar Rural District, in the Central District of Lamerd County, Fars Province, Iran.	Seh Tonbak	Iran
country	Karlików (Ukrainian: Карликів, Karlykiv; Rusyn: Карликів, Karlykiv) is a village situated in the Subcarpathian Voivodship (province) of south-eastern Poland; previously in Krosno Voivodship (1975-1998) and Sanok district, (10 mi or 16 km east of Sanok).	Karlików	Poland
country	The Dakpathar Barrage is a concrete barrage across the Yamuna River adjacent to Dakpathar in Uttarakhand, India.	Dakpathar Barrage	India
country	Montgat (Catalan pronunciation: (muŋˈɡat)) is a municipality in the comarca of the Maresme in Catalonia, Spain.	Montgat	Spain
country	Ax-les-Thermes (Occitan: Acs) is a French commune in the Ariège department in the Midi-Pyrénées region of south-western France.	Ax-les-Thermes	France
country	Shirin Nazem or Sherin Nazim is a village is Badakhshan Province, Afghanistan.	Shirin Nazem	Afghanistan
country	The Quaid-e-Azam House, also known as ``Flagstaff House'', is a museum dedicated to the personal life of Quaid-i-Azam Mohammad Ali Jinnah, the founder of Pakistan.	Quaid-e-Azam House	Pakistan
country	The Swiss Plateau or Central Plateau (German: Schweizer Mittelland; French: plateau suisse; Italian: altipiano svizzero) constitutes one of the three major landscapes in Switzerland alongside the Jura Mountains and the Swiss Alps.	Swiss Plateau	Switzerland
country	Wohlde (Danish: Volde) is a municipality in the district of Schleswig-Flensburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.	Wohlde	Germany
country	Aknuqucha (Quechua aknu beautiful, qucha lake, ``beautiful lake'', hispanicized spelling Agnococha) is a lake in Peru located in the Huancavelica Region, Castrovirreyna Province, Santa Ana District.	Aknuqucha	Peru
country	Lodz University of Technology (TUL) was created in 1945 and has developed into one of the biggest technical universities in Poland.	Lodz University of Technology	Poland
country	Serra da Estrela (Portuguese pronunciation: (ˈsɛʁɐ ðɐ (ɨ)ʃˈtɾelɐ), ``Star Mountain Range'') is the highest mountain range in Continental Portugal.	Serra da Estrela	Portugal
country	Château de Guermantes is a Château located in northern France.	Château de Guermantes	France
country	The Venna River rises in Mahabaleshwar, and is a tributary of the Krishna River in Satara district of western Maharashtra, India.	Venna River	India
country	Gzinka (ˈɡʑinka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łyszkowice, within Łowicz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Gzinka	Poland
country	Fort Vermilion Airport, (TC LID: CEZ4), is located 2.3 nautical miles (4.3 km; 2.6 mi) east northeast of Fort Vermilion, Alberta, Canada.	Fort Vermilion Airport	Canada
country	The Huancabamba Depression is an east-west depression through the Andes Mountains of northern Peru.	Huancabamba Depression	Peru
country	In Essence (occasionally referred to simply as I.E.) is a 5-member Canadian R&B group that has had success both in Canada and the United States.	In Essence	Canada
country	Kenitra Air Base (Arabic: (كنيترا) مطار) (IATA: NNA, ICAO: GMMY) is a military airport in Kenitra, a city in the Rabat-Salé-Kénitra region in Morocco.	Kenitra Air Base	Morocco
country	Kapurthala Cantonment is a cantonment in the Punjab state of India.	Kapurthala Cantonment	India
country	The Temiya Line (手宮線, Temiya-sen) was a local freight narrow gauge railroad in Otaru, Hokkaidō, Japan, connecting Minami-Otaru Station and Temiya Station.	Temiya Line	Japan
country	The Busan Lotte Town Tower, also known as Busan Lotte World Tower is a 108-floor, 510.1 m (1,674 ft) supertall skyscraper under construction in Busan, South Korea.	Busan Lotte Town Tower	South Korea
country	Mülligen is a municipality in the district of Brugg in canton of Aargau in Switzerland.	Mülligen	Switzerland
country	The Westmount railway station (French: Gare de Westmount) is a disused railway station located in the city of Westmount, Quebec, Canada.	Westmount railway station	Canada
country	Chah Mosafer (Persian: چاه مسافر‎, also Romanized as Chāh Mosāfer and Chāh-e-Mosāfer) is a village in Kuh Yakhab Rural District, Dastgerdan District, Tabas County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Chah Mosafer	Iran
country	Bayburt University (BU; in Turkish, Bayburt Üniversitesi, commonly referred to as BÜ) is a public research university in the city of Bayburt, Turkey.	Bayburt University	Turkey
country	Hulmadian-e Pain (Persian: هول ماديان پايين‎, also Romanized as Hūlmādīān-e Pā’īn) is a village in Nazil Rural District, Nukabad District, Khash County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Hulmadian-e Pain	Iran
country	Stepin Lug or Gaj (Serbian Cyrillic: Степин Луг or Гај) is a park-wood and, for the most part, non-residential suburban settlement of Belgrade, the capital of Serbia.	Stepin Lug	Serbia
country	Barazai is a village situated in the east of Hazro Tehsil, Attock District in northern Punjab in Pakistan.	Barazai	Pakistan
country	Wallberg (1.722 asl) is a mountain in the Mangfallgebirge, part of the Bavarian Alps in the south of Bavaria, Germany.	Wallberg	Germany
country	Sultan Kot railway station (Urdu: سلطان کوٹ ریلوے اسٹیشن ‎) is located in Sultan Kot village, Shikarpur district of Sindh province of the Pakistan.	Sultan Kot railway station	Pakistan
country	Olympic Park (Village) was built for the 1956 Olympic Games in Melbourne, Australia.	Olympic Park (Village)	Australia
country	Kimeh-ye Olya (Persian: كيمه عليا‎, also Romanized as Kīmeh-ye ``Olyā) is a village in Zilayi Rural District, Margown District, Boyer-Ahmad County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 70, in 12 families.	Kimeh-ye Olya	Iran
country	Estadio Fiscal de Linares is a multi-use public stadium in Linares, Chile.	Estadio Fiscal de Linares	Chile
country	Casa de los Coroneles is a stately home in the northern province of La Oliva, Canary Islands, Spain, on the island of Fuerteventura.	Casa de los Coroneles	Spain
country	Arancón is a municipality in the province of Soria, Spain, located on the foot of the mountain range of El Almuerzo and Mount Cencejo.	Arancón	Spain
country	Flatdal (lit. ``Flat valley'') is a village, parish and valley in the municipality of Seljord in Telemark, Norway.	Flatdal	Norway
country	The Rio do Rasto Formation is a sedimentary rock formation found in the states of southern Brazil.	Rio do Rasto Formation	Brazil
country	Blankenhain Castle (German: Schloss Blankenhain) is a large castle in Blankenhain near Crimmitschau, in the district of Zwickau in Saxony, Germany.	Blankenhain Castle	Germany
country	Emam Dasht (Persian: امام دشت‎, also Romanized as Emām Dasht) is a village in Langarud Rural District, Salman Shahr District, Abbasabad County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Emam Dasht	Iran
country	Havana (/həˈvænə/; Spanish: La Habana, (la aˈβana)) is the capital city, largest city, province, major port, and leading commercial centre of Cuba.	Havana	Cuba
country	The Viengxay caves in Houaphanh Province of North-Eastern Laos are an extensive network of caves in limestone mountains.	Viengxay caves	Laos
country	Mayan-e Vosta (Persian: مايان وسطي‎, also Romanized as Māyān-e Vosţá) is a village in Torqabeh Rural District, Torqabeh District, Torqabeh and Shandiz County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Mayan-e Vosta	Iran
country	Skihist Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia, Canada, located on the Thompson River and adjacent to the Trans-Canada Highway #1 between the towns of Lytton (W) and Spences Bridge (E).	Skihist Provincial Park	Canada
country	Nakaa Beach is located at the northern tip of Makin Atoll in Kiribati's Gilbert Islands.	Nakaa Beach	Kiribati
country	Cluj-Napoca train station is the main railway station in Cluj-Napoca, Romania.	Cluj-Napoca train station	Romania
country	Salili is a village on Siau Island in the Sitaro Islands Regency, North Sulawesi Province, Indonesia.	Salili	Indonesia
country	Zierker See is a lake in the Mecklenburg Lake District, in Germany.	Zierker See	Germany
country	The Consumer, Trader and Tenancy Tribunal of New South Wales is a tribunal that specialises in resolving consumer disputes in New South Wales, a state of Australia.	Consumer, Trader and Tenancy Tribunal of New South Wales	Australia
country	Kotalli (Persian: كتلي‎, also Romanized as Kotallī) is a village in Tabar Rural District, Jolgeh Shoqan District, Jajrom County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Kotalli	Iran
country	Oscar's Church (Swedish: Oscarskyrkan) is one of the major churches in Stockholm, Sweden.	Oscar's Church	Sweden
country	Haukeli is a place west in Vinje municipality in Telemark county in Norway and a traffic hub where Norwegian National Road 9 and European route E134 meet.	Haukeli	Norway
country	Khwai River Airport (IATA: KHW, ICAO: FBKR) is an airport serving the Khwai River Lodge, Botswana and the surrounding area.	Khwai River Airport	Botswana
country	Quiun Qeshlaqi (Persian: قويون قشلاقي‎, also Romanized as Qūīūn Qeshlāqī; also known as Qīūn Qeshlāq and Qīun Qeshlāqī) is a village in Qaranqu Rural District, in the Central District of Hashtrud County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Quiun Qeshlaqi	Iran
country	Government College Ground Mirpur is a multi-purpose ground in Mirpur Azad Kashmir, Pakistan.	Government College Ground Mirpur	Pakistan
country	The Kornati (pronounced (kɔ̝rnǎːti)) archipelago of Croatia, also known as the Stomorski islands, is located in the northern part of Dalmatia, south from Zadar and west from Šibenik, in the Šibenik-Knin county.	Kornati	Croatia
country	The AMIA bombing was an attack on the Asociación Mutual Israelita Argentina (AMIA; Argentine Israelite Mutual Association) building.	AMIA bombing	Argentina
country	Flamingo International Airport or Bonaire International Airport (IATA: BON, ICAO: TNCB) is an international airport located at Kralendijk, Bonaire, Netherlands.	Flamingo International Airport	Netherlands
country	The Municipality of Trent Hills is a town in central-eastern Ontario, Canada, in northeast Northumberland County on the Trent River.	Trent Hills	Canada
country	Heckington Windmill is the only eight-sailed tower windmill still standing in the United Kingdom with its sails intact.	Heckington Windmill	United Kingdom
country	Arraial d'Ajuda is a district in the municipality of Porto Seguro, Bahia, Brazil.	Arraial d'Ajuda	Brazil
country	Porvoonjoki (Porvoo River, Borgå å in Swedish) is a small river in Finland.	Porvoonjoki	Finland
country	Craco is about 40 kilometres (25 mi) inland from the Gulf of Taranto at the instep of the ``boot'' of Italy.	Craco	Italy
country	World Waterpark is a water park located at West Edmonton Mall in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada.	World Waterpark	Canada
country	Vandegrift Combat Base (also known as FSB Vandegrift and LZ Stud) is a former U.S. Army and Marine Corps and Army of the Republic of Vietnam (ARVN) base north of Ca Lu in Quảng Trị Province, Vietnam.	Vandegrift Combat Base	Vietnam
country	The Gangdong Bridge is a bridge in over the Han River, South Korea, and connects the city of Guri and the Gangdong District of Seoul.	Gangdong Bridge	South Korea
country	Korea National College of Agriculture and Fisheries is a college located in Jeonju, North Jeolla, South Korea.	Korea National College of Agriculture and Fisheries	South Korea
country	Budzewo (buˈd͡zɛvɔ) (German: Groß Budschen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Budry, within Węgorzewo County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland, close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.	Budzewo	Poland
country	Hesar-e Isa (Persian: حصارعيسي‎, also Romanized as Ḩeşār-e ``Īsá; also known as Ḩeşār) is a village in Shoqan Rural District, Jolgeh Shoqan District, Jajrom County, North Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 592, in 154 families.	Hesar-e Isa	Iran
country	Rostrenen (Breton: Rostrenenn) is a commune in the Côtes-d'Armor department of Brittany in northwestern France.	Rostrenen	France
country	Labour United (Polish: Unia Pracy, UP) is a minor social-democratic political party in Poland.	Labour United	Poland
country	Cabo Juan Román Airfield (Spanish: Aeródromo Cabo Juan Román, IATA: WPA, ICAO: SCAS) is a public use airport located near Puerto Aysén, Aisén del General Carlos Ibañez del Campo, Chile.	Cabo Juan Román Airfield	Chile
country	The Krásna Hôrka Castle (Slovak: Hrad Krásna Hôrka, Hungarian: Krasznahorka vára) is a castle in Slovakia, built on a hilltop overlooking the village of Krásnohorské Podhradie near Rožňava, in Košice Region.	Krásna Hôrka Castle	Slovakia
country	Vaucluse High School (abbreviation:VHS), known from 1960-1981 as Vaucluse Boys' High School (abbreviation:VBHS), is a former high school in the eastern Sydney suburb of Vaucluse, New South Wales, Australia.	Vaucluse High School	Australia
country	Qezel Gonbad (Persian: قزل گنبد‎) is a village in Il Gavark Rural District, in the Central District of Bukan County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Qezel Gonbad	Iran
country	Colegio Weber School was a Chilean high school located in Rancagua, Cachapoal Province, Chile.	Colegio Weber School	Chile
country	Thích Ca Phật Đài (Platform of Shakyamuni Buddha) is a notable Theravada Buddhist temple in the coastal city of Vung Tau in southern Vietnam.	Thích Ca Phật Đài	Vietnam
country	The Néstor Kirchner Cultural Centre (Spanish: Centro Cultural Néstor Kirchner) is a cultural centre located in Buenos Aires, Argentina.	Néstor Kirchner Cultural Centre	Argentina
country	The Weißwurstäquator (German pronunciation: (ˌvaɪsvʊɐ̯stɛˈkvaːtoːɐ̯), white sausage equator) is a humorous term describing the supposed cultural boundary separating Southern Germany, especially Bavaria, from Central Germany.	Weißwurstäquator	Germany
country	Riverside Regional High School is an English-language secondary school in the Arvida area of Jonquière, Quebec, Canada.	Riverside Regional High School	Canada
country	El Jebha is a little port town in the northern part of Morocco.	El Jebha	Morocco
country	Mali Osolnik (German: Kleinosolnik) is a village northwest of Rašica in the Municipality of Velike Lašče in central Slovenia.	Mali Osolnik	Slovenia
country	Yelabuga (Russian: Ела́буга; Tatar: Cyrillic Алабуга, Latin Alabuğa) is a town in the Republic of Tatarstan, Russia, located on the right bank of the Kama River and 200 kilometers (120 mi) east from Kazan.	Yelabuga	Russia
country	Kristiansten Fortress (Norwegian: Kristiansten Festning, historically spelled Christiansten) is located on a hill east of the city of Trondheim in Sør-Trøndelag county, Norway.	Kristiansten Fortress	Norway
country	Labastide-Murat, formerly Labastide-Fortunière is a commune in the Lot department in south-western France.	Labastide-Murat	France
country	Buhoodle (Somali: Buuhoodle, Arabic: بووهودل‎), also known as Bohotle, is the capital of the northern Cayn region in Somalia.	Buuhoodle	Somalia
country	Hercegszántó (Croatian: Santovo, Serbian: Сантово) is a village in the Bács-Kiskun county of Hungary, famous for being the birthplace of footballer Flórián Albert.	Hercegszántó	Hungary
country	Allah Abad is a town and Union Council, located in tehsil Liaqatpur, Rahim Yar Khan District, Pakistan.	Allah Abad	Pakistan
country	San Pedro Puxtla is a municipality in the Ahuachapán department of El Salvador.	San Pedro Puxtla	El Salvador
country	Lake Matano (Indonesian: Danau Matano), also known as Matana, is a natural lake in South Sulawesi, Indonesia.	Lake Matano	Indonesia
country	Lansigama is a village that located near the coastal area of North Western Province in Sri Lanka.	Lansigama	Sri Lanka
country	Godøy Chapel (Norwegian: Godøy kapell) is a chapel in Giske Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway.	Godøy Chapel	Norway
country	Our Lady of Sion College is a Catholic school for girls located in Box Hill, Melbourne, Australia.	Our Lady of Sion College	Australia
country	Kantani (Persian: كنتاني‎, also Romanized as Kantānī) is a village in Kahir Rural District, in the Central District of Konarak County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Kantani	Iran
country	Pāvilosta ( pronunciation ; German: Paulshafen) is a small port town in Latvia located at the mouth of Saka river in Courland.	Pāvilosta	Latvia
country	Staffan Sasses Gränd (Swedish: Alley of Staffan Sasse) is a blind alley in Gamla stan, the old town in central Stockholm, Sweden.	Staffan Sasses Gränd	Sweden
country	Turdiev (Persian: توردیف‎) is a town and jamoat in Tajikistan.	Turdiev	Tajikistan
country	Hôtel Meurice de Calaisis a hotel in Calais, France.	Hôtel Meurice de Calais	France
country	Indwe Hospital is a Provincial government funded hospital in Indwe in the Emalahleni Local Municipality, Eastern Cape area in South Africa.	Indwe Hospital	South Africa
country	Kal-e Sefidar (Persian: كال سفيدار‎, also Romanized as Kāl-e Sefīdār) is a village in Meyami Rural District, in the Central District of Meyami County, Semnan Province, Iran.	Kal-e Sefidar	Iran
country	Starnin (ˈstarnin) (German: Sternin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rymań, within Kołobrzeg County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Starnin	Poland
country	Greek National Road 91 (Greek: Εθνική Οδός 91, abbreviated as EO91) is a highway in Attica, Greece.	Greek National Road 91	Greece
country	The Royal and Pontificial Major University of Saint Francis Xavier of Chuquisaca (Spanish: Universidad Mayor, Real y Pontificia de San Francisco Xavier de Chuquisaca or USFX) is a public university in Sucre, Bolivia.	University of Saint Francis Xavier	Bolivia
country	Maltio Strict Nature Reserve (Maltion luonnonpuisto) is a strict nature reserve located in Lapland, Finland.	Maltio Strict Nature Reserve	Finland
country	The Kolkata - Haldibari InterCity Express is a superfast express train connecting Kolkata and Haldibari in West Bengal India.	Kolkata - Haldibari InterCity Express	India
country	Lake Coffy is a lake between Bettens and Boussens in the canton of Vaud, Switzerland.	Lake Coffy	Switzerland
country	Pasar Kliwon is one of the villages in the Pasar Kliwon District, Surakarta in Indonesia.	Pasar Kliwon	Indonesia
country	Kierwik (ˈkʲɛrvik) (German: Kurwig; 1938-45: Kurwick) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Świętajno, within Szczytno County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Kierwik	Poland
country	Maja e Grebenit is a mountain in Albania, located near its most northern tip, in the Prokletije.	Maja e Grebenit	Albania
country	ABSS Institute of Technology is a self-financed education institute in Meerut, Uttar Pradesh, India, affiliated to Mahamaya Technical University, Gautam Buddha Nagar.	ABSS Institute of Technology	India
country	Bryukhovetskaya (Russian: Брюховецкая) is a rural locality (a stanitsa) and the administrative center of Bryukhovetsky District in Krasnodar Krai, Russia, located on the Beysug River.	Bryukhovetskaya	Russia
country	Vevring Church (Norwegian: Vevring kyrkje) is a parish church in Naustdal Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county, Norway.	Vevring Church	Norway
country	The Lind National Park is a national park in the East Gippsland region of Victoria, Australia.	Lind National Park	Australia
country	Charez (Persian: چارز‎, also Romanized as Chārez and Chāraz) is a village in Kelarabad Rural District, Kelarabad District, Abbasabad County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Charez	Iran
country	Panazol (Occitan: Panasòu) is a commune in the Haute-Vienne department in the Limousin region in west-central France.	Panazol	France
country	Pind Begwal is a village located on Simly Dam road in the Islamabad Capital Territory of Pakistan and administered by Pind Begwal Union Council.	Pind Begwal	Pakistan
country	Qara Tavareh (Persian: قراطوره‎, also Romanized as Qarā Ţavareh and Qarāţūreh; also known as Qarah Ţūreh and Qareh Tūreh) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Bijar County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Qara Tavareh	Iran
country	Kokkola Futis 10 is a women's football club based in Kokkola, Finland.	Kokkola Futis 10	Finland
country	Waldeck Pumped Storage Station (in German: Pumpspeicherkraftwerk Waldeck) is one of the largest pumped storage power stations in Germany.	Waldeck Pumped Storage Station	Germany
country	Grębki (ˈɡrɛmpki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wąsewo, within Ostrów Mazowiecka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Grębki	Poland
country	Hilton Dubai Creek is a hotel in the area of Dubai Creek in Dubai, United Arab Emirates.	Hilton Dubai Creek	United Arab Emirates
country	Örnsköldsviks HF, often referred to as Örnsköldvik Hockey, is a Swedish ice hockey club from Örnsköldsvik playing in the third tier of ice hockey in Sweden, Division 1, as of the 2013--14 season.	Örnsköldsviks HF	Sweden
country	Endesa Termic is a 356 metre high chimney belonging to the thermal power station (i.e.:coal power plant) held by Spanish utility Endesa at As Pontes de García Rodríguez in the outskirts of Ferrol in the province of A Coruña, north-western Spain.	Endesa Termic	Spain
country	Yangbuk-myeon is a myeon or a township in the administrative subdivisions of the Gyeongju City, North Gyeongsang province, South Korea.	Yangbuk-myeon	South Korea
country	Omoljica (Serbian Cyrillic: Омољица) is a village in Serbia.	Omoljica	Serbia
country	Kabrousse (also spelled Cabrousse) is a village in the rural community of Diembéring, Oussouye, Ziguinchor, Casamance, Senegal.	Kabrousse	Senegal
country	Isla Taborcillo (a.k.a. John Wayne Island) is a small private island off the coast of Panama which was once owned by American film actor John Wayne.	Taborcillo	Panama
country	El Bagre Airport or El Tomin Airport (Spanish: Aeropuerto El Tomin) (IATA: EBG, ICAO: SKEB) is an airport serving El Bagre, a municipality of the Antioquia Department in Colombia.	El Bagre Airport	Colombia
country	Sungai Buloh Highway or Jalan Sungai Buloh, Federal Route 54 is a major highway in Klang Valley region, Selangor state, Malaysia.	Sungai Buloh Highway	Malaysia
country	Ain El Berd is located about 25 km from Sidi Bel Abbes city and about 55 km from Oran city and it is a province in north- western part of Algeria was created in 1886 by general Imbert.	Ain El Berd	Algeria
country	Seef (Arabic: السيف‎) is a suburban neighborhood in Manama, the capital city of Bahrain.	Seef	Bahrain
country	Perquenco is a town and commune in southern Chile's Araucanía Region.	Perquenco	Chile
country	Ano Vlasia (Greek: Άνω Βλασία) is a mountain village in the municipality of Kalavryta, Achaea, Greece.	Ano Vlasia	Greece
country	Sainte-Menehould (French pronunciation: ​(sɛ̃t mənu)) is a commune in the Marne department in north-eastern France.	Sainte-Menehould	France
country	Dulah is a Village in the Ardabil Province of Iran.	Dulah	Iran
country	Thom Collegiate is a high school located in the Coronation Park area of north Regina, Saskatchewan, Canada.	Thom Collegiate	Canada
country	Stępuchowo (stɛmpuˈxɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Damasławek, within Wągrowiec County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Stępuchowo	Poland
country	The Museum David and Alice van Buuren is a private house built from 1924 to 1928 for banker and art collector David van Buuren and his wife Alice in Brussels, Belgium.	Museum David and Alice van Buuren	Belgium
country	Warsaw Gasworks Museum (pol. Muzeum Gazownictwa w Warszawie) is a museum in Warsaw, Poland, located in the complex of the former Wola Gas Factory built in 1886-1888.	Warsaw Gasworks Museum	Poland
country	``O Land of Beauty!'' is the national anthem of the Federation of Saint Kitts and Nevis.	O Land of Beauty!	Saint Kitts and Nevis
country	Eskimo Pass is a mountain pass in the southern Baffin Mountains, Nunavut, Canada.	Eskimo Pass	Canada
country	Adamów-Parcel (aˈdamuf ˈpart͡sɛl) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radziejowice, within Żyrardów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Adamów-Parcel	Poland
country	The Rasht Valley (Tajik: Водии Рашт) is located in Tajikistan and composes a significant portion of the Region of Republican Subordination, including the six districts of Jirgatol, Rasht, Roghun, Tavildara, Tajikobod and Nurabad.	Rasht Valley	Tajikistan
country	She however describes Pattanam as ``a turning point for studies into India's maritime relations.''	Pattanam	India
country	Koulou is a rural commune in the Cercle of Kita in the Kayes Region of south-western Mali.	Koulou	Mali
country	Sidi Khellil (Arabic: ﺳﻴﺪي ﺧﻠﻴﻞ‎) is a town and commune in El M'Ghair District, El Oued Province, Algeria.	Sidi Khellil	Algeria
country	Ahuachapán is a city and municipality and the capital of the Ahuachapán Department in western El Salvador.	Ahuachapán	El Salvador
country	El Fahs (Arabic: الفحص‎) is a town and commune located in the Zaghouan Governorate, 60 kilometers south-west of Tunis, Tunisia.	El Fahs	Tunisia
country	Kwanbuk is a region in North Hamgyong and South Hamgyong Provinces of North Korea.	Kwanbuk	North Korea
country	Deserters Canyon is a canyon on the Finlay River in the Northern Interior of British Columbia, Canada.	Deserters Canyon	Canada
country	Rohri Junction railway station (Urdu: روہڑی جنکشن ریلوے اسٹیشن‎) is located in Rohri, Sukkur district of Sindh province, Pakistan.	Rohri Junction railway station	Pakistan
country	Bioparco di Sicilia is a Biopark established in Carini, Sicily, Italy in 1999 as a prehistoric park and in 2002 were Crete the Biopark over an area of 60.000 m2.	Bioparco di Sicilia	Italy
country	Ruçuq (also, Rucuq, Ruchuk, and Ruchuk'', Kishlak) is a village in the Quba Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Ruçuq	Azerbaijan
country	The Saint-Michel Environnemental Complex is a large multi-functional park in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.	Saint-Michel Environnemental Complex	Canada
country	Chimyan (Uzbek: Chimyon) is a town in Fergana Region, Uzbekistan.	Chimyan	Uzbekistan
country	The Raeburn Baronetcy, of Helensburgh in the County of Dunbarton, is a title in the Baronetage of the United Kingdom.	Helensburgh	United Kingdom
country	Koiliomenos (Greek: Κοιλιωμένος, also known as Agios Nikolaos) is a settlement on Zakynthos island, Greece.	Koiliomenos	Greece
country	The Mường Thanh Valley is a valley located in the Điện Biên district of Northwestern Vietnam.	Mường Thanh Valley	Vietnam
country	Chak 128 NB is a village situated on the Sillanwali to Farooqa Road in Sillanwali Tehsil of the Sargodha District in Punjab, Pakistan.	Chak 128 NB	Pakistan
country	Primoži (pronounced (ˈpɾiːmɔʒi); German: Handlern, Gottscheerish: Handlarə) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Kočevje in southern Slovenia.	Primoži	Slovenia
country	Sarigerme is a beach near Osmaniye Village in Ortaca district, Muğla Province, south-west Turkey.	Sarigerme	Turkey
country	Watermael railway station is a railway station in the municipality of Watermael-Boitsfort in Brussels, Belgium operated by SNCB/NMBS.	Watermael railway station	Belgium
country	Juan Eulogio Estigarribia is a city in the country of Paraguay.	Juan Eulogio Estigarribia	Paraguay
country	Ang Thong (Thai: อ่างทอง (Pronunciation)) is a town (thesaban mueang) in Thailand, capital of the Ang Thong Province.	Ang Thong	Thailand
country	Antoine-Simon Airport (IATA: CYA, ICAO: MTCA) is the fourth airport in Haiti in passenger traffic is located near the city of Les Cayes, in Haiti's Southern peninsula.	Antoine-Simon Airport	Haiti
country	Ujazd (ˈujast) (German: Ujest) is a town in Strzelce County in Opole Voivodeship of Poland.	Ujazd	Poland
country	Felekan (Persian: فلكان‎, also Romanized as Felekān) is a village in Margavar Rural District, Silvaneh District, Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Felekan	Iran
country	Åboulevard (lit. ``River Boulevard'') is a street in central Copenhagen, Denmark.	Åboulevard	Denmark
country	Wychny (ˈvɨxnɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krośniewice, within Kutno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Wychny	Poland
country	The Robert Bosch United World College of Germany (Robert Bosch College) is the among the newest members of the United World Colleges (UWC) movement, one of fifteen colleges around the world, having started accepting students in September 2014.	Robert Bosch United World College	Germany
country	Inghi Farm is a settlement in Kenya's Eastern Province.	Inghi Farm	Kenya
country	Bergamo Cathedral (Italian: Duomo di Bergamo, Cattedrale di Sant'Alessandro) is a Roman Catholic cathedral in Bergamo, Italy, dedicated to Saint Alexander of Bergamo, patron saint of the city.	Bergamo Cathedral	Italy
country	The River Boyne (Irish: An Bhóinn or Abhainn na Bóinne) is a river in Leinster, Ireland, the course of which is about 112 kilometres (70 mi) long.	River Boyne	Ireland
country	Scarborough Centre Bus Terminal (also known as Scarborough Town Centre Bus Terminal or Scarborough Bus Terminal) is an intercity bus terminal in Scarborough City Centre in the Scarborough district of Toronto, Canada, located adjacent to its namesake rapid transit station on Line 3 Scarborough of the Toronto Subway.	Scarborough Centre Bus Terminal	Canada
country	Bandar-e Nakhilu (Persian: بندرنخيلو‎, also Romanized as Bandar-e Nakhīlū; also known as Nahkīlu, Nahkīlū, and Nakhilu) is a village in Moqam Rural District, Shibkaveh District, Bandar Lengeh County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Bandar-e Nakhilu	Iran
country	Kul Chap (Persian: كول چپ‎, also Romanized as Kūl Chap) is a village in Jelogir Rural District, in the Central District of Pol-e Dokhtar County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Kul Chap	Iran
country	The Mo River is a river of Ghana and Togo, and it arises in Togo and flows west, forming a short part of the international boundary between Ghana and Togo.	Mo River	Ghana	Togo
country	Mörrumsån is a river in Blekinge County and Kronoberg County, Sweden.	Mörrumsån	Sweden
country	Karavanserai-ye Shalil (Persian: كاروانسراي شليل‎, also Romanized as Kāravānserāī-ye Shalīl; also known as Kārevānsarā) is a village in Shalil Rural District, Miankuh District, Ardal County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Karavanserai-ye Shalil	Iran
country	The British Co-Ed High School is a Private School in Patiala, Punjab, India.	The British Co-Ed High School	India
country	Gopło Landscape Park also Gopło Millennium Park (Park Krajobrazowy Nadgoplański, Park Tysiąclecia) is a protected area (Landscape Park) around Gopło lake in north-central Poland.	Gopło Landscape Park	Poland
country	Grahovac (Граховац) is a village in western Montenegro, in the municipality of Nikšić.	Grahovac	Montenegro
country	The Khwae Yai River (Thai: แม่น้ำแควใหญ่, RTGS: Maenam Khwae Yai, IPA: (mɛ̂ːnáːm kʰwɛː jàj)), also known as the Si Sawat (แม่น้ำศรีสวัสดิ์ (mɛ̂ː náːm sǐː sa.wàt)), is a river in western Thailand.	Khwae Yai River	Thailand
country	The Amana Alliance (French: Alliance Amana, AA) is a political alliance in Benin led by Nassirou Baki Arifari and Zimé Kora Gounou.	Amana Alliance	Benin
country	Widerøe Flight 839, also known as the Værøy Accident (Norwegian: Værøy-ulykken), was a crash into water of a de Havilland Canada DHC-6-300 Twin Otter just after take-off from Værøy Airport in Norway.	Widerøe Flight 839	Norway
country	Vironniemi (Swedish: Estnäs) is a district of Helsinki, Finland, forming the core part of the city centre, thus also the central location of the Finnish governmental and financial decision making, and the location of Helsinki's most important churches.	Vironniemi	Finland
country	Gardnersville or Gardnesville is a town and central-northern suburb of Monrovia, Liberia.	Gardnersville	Liberia
country	Cimavilla (in Spanish, Cimadevilla) is a neighbourhood of the municipality of Gijón, in Asturias, Spain.	Cimavilla	Spain
country	Rishpon (Hebrew: רִשְׁפּוֹן, lit. Netter Village) is a moshav in the Center District of Israel.	Rishpon	Israel
country	Hibat Tzion (Hebrew: חִבַּת צִיּוֹן, lit. Fondness for Zion) is a moshav in central Israel.	Hibat Tzion	Israel
country	Hang Tuah Jaya is a township and state capital in Ayer Keroh, Malacca, Malaysia.	Hang Tuah Jaya	Malaysia
country	Hewa Bora Airways Sarl (operating as Hewa Bora Airways) was the national airline of the Democratic Republic of the Congo based in Barumbu, Kinshasa, Democratic Republic of the Congo.	Hewa Bora Airways	Democratic Republic of the Congo
country	Idrizovo (Macedonian: Идризово) is a community in the outskirts of the city of Skopje in the Republic of Macedonia.	Idrizovo	Macedonia
country	Silet is a village in the commune of Abalessa, in Tamanrasset Province, Algeria.	Silet	Algeria
country	Søraust-Svalbard Nature Reserve (Norwegian: Søraust-Svalbard naturreservat) is located in the south-eastern part of the Svalbard archipelago in Norway.	Søraust-Svalbard Nature Reserve	Norway
country	Northumberland has a relatively weak economy amongst the counties and other local government areas of the United Kingdom.	Northumberland	United Kingdom
country	Xianlin Railway Station is a railway station of Shanghai-Nanjing Intercity Railway located in Qixia District of Nanjing City, People's Republic of China.	Xianlin Railway Station	People's Republic of China
country	Dunajský Klátov (Hungarian: Dunatőkés, Hungarian pronunciation:(ˈdunɒtøːkeːʃ)) is a village and municipality in the Dunajská Streda District in the Trnava Region of south-west Slovakia.	Dunajský Klátov	Slovakia
country	The Shomali Plain, also called the Shomali Valley, is a plateau north of Kabul, Afghanistan.	Shomali Plain	Afghanistan
country	Kuching North City Hall (officially: The Commission of The City of Kuching North) (Malay: Dewan Bandaraya Kuching Utara) (DBKU) is a local authority which administers the northern part of the city of Kuching, Sarawak, Malaysia.	Kuching North City Hall	Malaysia
country	Slovak Karst National Park (Národný park Slovenský kras) is a national park in the Slovak Karst (Slovenský kras) mountain range in South East Slovakia.	Slovak Karst National Park	Slovakia
country	Postękalice (pɔstɛŋkaˈlʲit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bełchatów, within Bełchatów County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Postękalice	Poland
country	Penhalonga is mining village in the province of Manicaland, Zimbabwe located 18 km north of Mutare in a valley where the Sambi and Imbeza Rivers meet the Mutare River.	Penhalonga	Zimbabwe
country	Wittenberge station is the railway station for the Brandenburg town of Wittenberge in Germany.	Wittenberge station	Germany
country	The University of Oviedo (Spanish: Universidad de Oviedo, Asturian: Universidá d'Uviéu) is a public university in Asturias (Spain).	University of Oviedo	Spain
country	Nukunonu is the largest atoll within Tokelau, a dependency of New Zealand, in the south Pacific Ocean.	Nukunonu	New Zealand
country	Frobisher Bay is a relatively large inlet of the Labrador Sea in the Qikiqtaaluk Region of Nunavut, Canada.	Frobisher Bay	Canada
country	Sydney Mines was also home to a large steel company that was named SCOTIA it was the modern to its day between the Sydney Steel Plant (DISCO) and the Sydney Mines Steel Plant (SCOTIA) they produced 50% of Canada's steel during World War I.	Sydney Mines	Canada
country	Lázně Bělohrad (Czech pronunciation: (ˈlaːzɲɛ ˈbjɛloɦrat)) is a town in the Hradec Králové Region of the Czech Republic.	Lázně Bělohrad	Czech Republic
country	The Shire of Hastings was a local government area about 60 kilometres (37 mi) south-southeast of Melbourne, the state capital of Victoria, Australia, encompassing the eastern extremity of the Mornington Peninsula.	Shire of Hastings	Australia
country	Savalia (Greek: Σαβάλια) is a village in the municipal unit of Amaliada, Elis, southern Greece.	Savalia	Greece
country	Néstor Kirchner, the president of Argentina from 2003 to 2007, was nicknamed Lúpin because of his physical resemblance to the character.	Lúpin	Argentina
country	XENK-AM is a radio station in Mexico City, located in San Andrés de la Cañada, Estado de México.	XENK-AM	Mexico
country	Smar Jbeil (Known also as Asmar Jbeil or Samar Jbeil, Arabic: سمار جبيل‎ ) is a village located in the Batroun District in the North Governorate of Lebanon.	Smar Jbeil	Lebanon
country	Salzgittersee (Salzgitter Lake) is a lake in the city of Salzgitter in Lower Saxony, Germany.	Salzgittersee	Germany
country	Ord River Hydro Power Station is a hydroelectric power station on the Ord River, Western Australia.	Ord River Hydro Power Station	Australia
country	Fontevivo Abbey (Italian: Abbazia di Fontevivo; Latin: Fons Vivus) is a former Cistercian monastery in Fontevivo, Province of Parma, Emilia-Romagna, Italy, about 15 kilometres west of Parma on the Via Emilia towards Fidenza.	Fontevivo Abbey	Italy
country	Havareh Barzeh (Persian: هواره برزه‎, also Romanized as Havāreh Barzeh; also known as Havār Barzeh) is a village in Behi-e Feyzolah Beygi Rural District, in the Central District of Bukan County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Havareh Barzeh	Iran
country	Ankara River, (Turkish: Ankara Çayı) is a small river that runs through the city of Ankara, Turkey.	Ankara River	Turkey
country	Sigismund's Column (Polish: Kolumna Zygmunta), originally erected in 1644, is located in Castle Square, Warsaw, Poland and is one of Warsaw's most famous landmarks.	Sigismund's Column	Poland
country	The Ngozumpa glacier, below the sixth highest mountain in the world Cho Oyu in Nepal, at 36 kilometres (22 mi), is the longest glacier in the Himalayas.	Ngozumpa glacier	Nepal
country	A Gemeenlandshuis, or Waterschapshuis is a building that is (or was formerly used as) the headquarters of one of the Waterboards of the Netherlands.	Gemeenlandshuis	Netherlands
country	Cham Zeytun (Persian: چمزيتون‎, also Romanized as Cham Zeytūn) is a village in Javid-e Mahuri Rural District, in the Central District of Mamasani County, Fars Province, Iran.	Cham Zeytun	Iran
country	Grandrieu is a village and commune in the Lozère department in southern France.	Grandrieu	France
country	Fioletovo (Armenian: Ֆիոլետովո) is a village in the Lori Province of Armenia.	Fioletovo	Armenia
country	Qur Shaqlu (Persian: قورشاق لو‎, also Romanized as Qūr Shāqlū and Qūrshāqlū) is a village in Aland Rural District, Safayyeh District, Khoy County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Qur Shaqlu	Iran
country	Stavanger City Bridge (Norwegian: Stavanger bybru) is a cable-stayed bridge with one tower that crosses Strømsteinsundet from the centre of Stavanger, Norway to Grasholmen and Sølyst in the borough Hundvåg.	Stavanger City Bridge	Norway
country	Vukosavljevići (Serbian: Вукосављевићи) is a village in the municipality of Sokolac, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Vukosavljevići	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Botticino is a town and comune (commune or municipality) in the province of Brescia, in Lombardy, Italy.	Botticino	Italy
country	Radio 2 Drive is the afternoon program on CBC Radio 2 in Canada, launched September 2, 2008.	Radio 2 Drive	Canada
country	Campo de Marte Airport (ICAO: SBMT) is the first airport built in São Paulo, Brazil, opened in 1919.	Campo de Marte Airport	Brazil
country	The Wellington Urban Motorway, part of SH 1, is the major road into and out of Wellington, New Zealand.	Wellington Urban Motorway	New Zealand
country	Port Clements is an incorporated village situated at the east end of Masset Inlet in Haida Gwaii (formerly the Queen Charlotte Islands) off the coast of the Province of British Columbia in Canada.	Port Clements	Canada
country	Boeschepe is a commune in the Nord department in northern France, next to the Belgian border.	Boeschepe	France
country	Ice Bar Sub-Zero was the first ice bar in South Korea, now closed.	Ice Bar Sub-Zero	South Korea
country	The Kallada River is one of two major rivers that flow through the Kollam District of Kerala, India.	Kallada River	India
country	The Grenoble tramway (French: Tramway de Grenoble) is the tram system in the city of Grenoble in the Rhône-Alpes region of France.	Grenoble tramway	France
country	The Sicintine Range is a small subrange of the Skeena Mountains of the Interior Mountains, located south of the Skeena River and between the Sicintine River and Squingula River in northern British Columbia, Canada.	Sicintine Range	Canada
country	The Ma'in Hot Springs (Hammamat mae’n) are a series of hot mineral springs and waterfalls located between Madaba and the Dead Sea, in Madaba Governorate, Jordan.	Ma'in Hot Springs	Jordan
country	Saraevo (Bulgarian: Сараево) is a village in Northwestern Bulgaria, part of Miziya Municipality, Vratsa Province.	Saraevo	Bulgaria
country	Kakki Reservoir is a reservoir, located in Pathanamthitta district of Kerala, India.	Kakki Reservoir	India
country	The Sadat Museum is a cultural museum in Alexandria, Egypt, dedicated to the legacy of Egyptian president Anwar Al Sadat.	Sadat Museum	Egypt
country	Stolma Bridge (Norwegian: Stolmabrua) is a road bridge over the Stolmasundet strait in Austevoll municipality, Hordaland county, Norway.	Stolma Bridge	Norway
country	Girjet (Gestión Aérea Ejecutiva, SL) was an airline based in Barcelona, Catalonia, Spain.	Girjet	Spain
country	Pregnana Milanese is a town located in the hinterland of Milan, Italy.	Pregnana Milanese	Italy
country	The National University of Cajamarca (Spanish: Universidad Nacional de Cajamarca), or UNC for short, is a major public university located in Cajamarca, Peru; capital of the department of Cajamarca.	National University of Cajamarca	Peru
country	The National Institute of Genomic Medicine (INMEGEN for its name in Spanish, Instituto Nacional de Medicina Genómica) is one of Mexico's twelve national institutes under the Secretariat of Health.	Instituto Nacional de Medicina Genómica	Mexico
country	Thatichetlapalem is a developing suburb in Visakhapatnam, India.	Thatichetlapalem	India
country	Amuvi is a village in Nigeria's Arochukwu Local Government Area of Abia State.	Amuvi	Nigeria
country	Kaifeng Air Base is a People's Liberation Army Air Force Base, located about 1 mile southeast of Kaifeng (Henan Province) in the People's Republic of China.	Kaifeng Air Base	People's Republic of China
country	Since 1992 the mountain has been included in the protected area of the Phawngpui National Park, one of only two national parks of India in Mizoram.	Phawngpui	India
country	Kalidas Marg is a road located in Lucknow, Uttar Pradesh in India.	Kalidas Marg	India
country	Bulandet is an archipelago in the sea off the mainland coast of Western Norway.	Bulandet	Norway
country	Talampaya National Park is a national park located in the east/centre of La Rioja Province, Argentina.	Talampaya National Park	Argentina
country	Quadrangular castle (Mardakan) is a quadrangular castle in Baku, Azerbaijan.	Quadrangular castle (Mardakan)	Azerbaijan
country	The Brocken Railway (German: Brockenbahn) is one of three tourist metre gauge railways which together with the Harz Railway and Selke Valley Railway form the Harz Narrow Gauge Railways railway network in the Harz mountain range of Germany.	Brocken Railway	Germany
country	Ambalavao District is a district in central Madagascar.	Ambalavao District	Madagascar
country	Reference Re Residential Tenancies Act (Ontario), (1981) 1 S.C.R. 714 is a leading Supreme Court of Canada decision on the jurisdiction of superior courts provided by section 96 of the Constitution Act, 1867.	Reference Re Residential Tenancies Act (Ontario)	Canada
country	Madanthyar is a village located in Belthangady taluk of the Dakshina Kannada district of Karnataka state in India.	Madanthyar	India
country	Darayya District (Arabic: منطقة داريا, translit.: manṭiqat Dārayyā) is a district of the Rif Dimashq Governorate in southern Syria.	Darayya District	Syria
country	The Chêne chapelle (lit. ``chapel oak'') is an oak tree located in Allouville-Bellefosse in Seine-Maritime, France.	Chêne chapelle	France
country	Production of Kalkhoff bicycles continues at the Derby Cycle factory in Cloppenburg, Germany.	Kalkhoff	Germany
country	Hellenikon Air Base was a former United States Air Force base located in Athens, Greece.	Hellenikon Air Base	Greece
country	Barreta Island (Portuguese: Ilha da Barretta) is an island in the Algarve, Portugal, about 7 kilometres (4.3 mi) long and 0.05 to 0.6 kilometres (160 to 1,970 ft) wide.	Barreta Island	Portugal
country	Suskrajowice (suskrajɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chmielnik, within Kielce County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Suskrajowice	Poland
country	According to the Office for National Statistics, at the time of the United Kingdom Census 2001, Partington had a population of 7,723.	Partington	United Kingdom
country	The Col du Platzerwasel (elevation 1,182 m (3,878 ft)) is a mountain pass situated in the Vosges Mountains in the Haut-Rhin department of France, between Sondernach and Le Markstein.	Col du Platzerwasel	France
country	Wyżnik is a river of Poland, a right tributary of the Bystra, which it meets in the village of Lewin Kłodzki.	Wyżnik	Poland
country	A Rural Mail Box or RMB is an artificial address that is created by Australia Post to deliver mail to a rural or remote location.	Rural Mail Box	Australia
country	Oqaatsut (old spelling: Oqaitsut), formerly Rodebay, is a settlement in the Qaasuitsup municipality, in western Greenland.	Oqaatsut	Greenland
country	Sterling Tower is an art deco skyscraper at 372 Bay Street at Richmond Street in Toronto, Canada.	Sterling Tower	Canada
country	Gaustatoppen is the highest mountain in the county Telemark in Norway.	Gaustatoppen	Norway
country	Tatarməhlə (also, Tataramagla and Tatarmagla) is a village and municipality in the Neftchala Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Tatarməhlə	Azerbaijan
country	Kfarshima (also spelled Kfarchima) is a town in the Baabda District of the Mount Lebanon Governorate, southeast of Beirut and is part of Greater Beirut.	Kfarshima	Lebanon
country	The Bible and Orient Museum (officially: BIBLE+ORIENT Museum) in Fribourg/Switzerland is the exhibition of a collection of ancient Egyptian and ancient Near Eastern miniature art as well as a project to create a modern museum to compare biblical and extra-biblical texts with archaeological, epigraphical and iconographical data.	Bible and Orient Museum	Switzerland
country	Uutela (Swedish: Nybondas) is a nature park in Vuosaari, Helsinki, Finland.	Uutela	Finland
country	Netivot HaTorah Day School (Hebrew: נתיבות התורה‎) is a private, coeducational Orthodox Jewish elementary school in the Thornhill neighborhood of Toronto, Canada.	Netivot HaTorah Day School	Canada
country	Grace Like Winter was a Christian progressive metal/hardcore punk band from Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada.	Grace Like Winter	Canada
country	Dayman Island is a privately owned island located off the coast of British Columbia, Canada, beside Thetis Island and Hudson Island.	Dayman Island	Canada
country	Ostren (Macedonian: Острени, Ostreni) is a former municipality in the Dibër County, eastern Albania.	Ostren	Albania
country	Aiguebelle National Park (French: Parc national d'Aiguebelle) is a national park of Quebec, Canada.	Aiguebelle National Park	Canada
country	BK Saldus is a professional basketball club based in Saldus, Latvia playing in the Latvian Basketball League.	BK Saldus	Latvia
country	The Canal du Rhône à Sète (lit. ``canal from the Rhône to Sète'') is a canal in southern France, which connects the Étang de Thau in Sète to the Rhône River in Beaucaire, Gard.	Canal du Rhône à Sète	France
country	Studholme is a locality in southern Canterbury in New Zealand's South Island.	Studholme	New Zealand
country	Ambala (/əmˈbɑːlə/) is a city and a municipal corporation in Ambala district in the state of Haryana, India, located on the border with the state of Punjab and in proximity of the state capital Chandigarh.	Ambala	India
country	The Bingen Forest (German: Binger Wald) is part of the Hunsrück, a low mountain range in the Central Uplands of Germany.	Bingen Forest	Germany
country	Castel San Pietro Terme is a small city and comune in the province of Bologna, Emilia-Romagna, Italy, with about 20,600 inhabitants.	Castel San Pietro Terme	Italy
country	Makvan Rural District (Persian: دهستان ماكوان‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Bayangan District, Paveh County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Makvan Rural District	Iran
country	Eibingen Abbey (in German Abtei St. Hildegard, full name Benedictine Abbey of St. Hildegard) is a community of Benedictine nuns in Eibingen near Rüdesheim in Hesse, Germany.	Eibingen Abbey	Germany
country	Børgefjell National Park (Norwegian: Børgefjell nasjonalpark) is an inaccessible and undeveloped national park in Norway, straddling the border between Nord-Trøndelag and Nordland county, with a border to Sweden.	Børgefjell National Park	Norway
country	Oise (French pronunciation: ​(waz)) is a department in the north of France.	Oise	France
country	El Tamarindo Airport (ICAO: MSET) is an airport serving El Tamarindo, a city in El Salvador.	El Tamarindo Airport	El Salvador
country	The Col de Bretolet is a mountain pass in the Swiss Alps in the canton of Valais, close to the border between Switzerland and the French department of Haute-Savoie.	Col de Bretolet	Switzerland
country	KiK is the largest textile discounter chain in Germany and operates about 3,200 stores in Germany, Austria (since 1998), Slovenia and Czech Republic (since 2007), Hungary and Slovakia (since 2008), Croatia (since 2011) and Poland (since March 2012).	KiK	Germany
country	Mali Korinj (pronounced (ˈmaːli ˈkɔːɾin)) is a small village in the hills south of Krka in the Municipality of Ivančna Gorica in central Slovenia.	Mali Korinj	Slovenia
country	Swan Hill railway station is the terminal station of the Yungeral line in Victoria, Australia.	Swan Hill railway station	Australia
country	Chisnallwood Intermediate is the main Intermediate school in the eastern suburbs of Christchurch, New Zealand.	Chisnallwood Intermediate	New Zealand
country	Gârnic (Hungarian: Weitzenried, from 1911 to 1918 Szörénybúzás; Czech: Gerník) is a commune in Caraș-Severin County, western Romania with a population of 1,533 people.	Gârnic	Romania
country	The Potosí mountain range in Bolivia is situated east and southeast of the city of Potosí.	Potosí mountain range	Bolivia
country	Hengam Island (Persian: جزیره هنگام‎‎), is an Iranian island located south of Qeshm Island, Iran, in the Persian Gulf.	Hengam Island	Iran
country	Benaleka or Bena-Leka is a settlement in Kasai-Occidental, Democratic Republic of the Congo.	Benaleka	Democratic Republic of the Congo
country	Viljoenskroon is a maize and cattle farming town located in the Free State province of South Africa.	Viljoenskroon	South Africa
country	One New Change is a major office and retail development in London, United Kingdom.	One New Change	United Kingdom
country	Greenstone Hill is a suburb on the East Rand of Gauteng Province in the City of Ekurhuleni in South Africa.	Greenstone Hill	South Africa
country	Moroleón is a city located in the same name municipality of the state of Guanajuato, adjacent to the border with the state of Michoacán, in Mexico.	Moroleón	Mexico
country	Naval Station Sangley Point was a communication and hospital facility of the United States Navy which occupied the northern portion of the Cavite City peninsula and is surrounded by Manila Bay, approximately eight miles southwest of Manila, the Philippines.	Naval Station Sangley Point	Philippines
country	Villa Huidobro (also known as Cañada Verde) is a city in the southwest of the province of Córdoba, Argentina.	Villa Huidobro	Argentina
country	Ostren i Vogël (Macedonian: Мало Острени, Malo Ostreni) is a village in the former Ostren Municipality in Dibër County in northeastern Albania.	Ostren i Vogël	Albania
country	Spanbroekmolen British Cemetery is a Commonwealth War Graves Commission (CWGC) burial ground for the dead of the First World War located in the Ypres Salient on the Western Front in Belgium.	Spanbroekmolen British Cemetery	Belgium
country	The Swedish Emigrant Institute is located in The House of Emigrants (Swedish: Utvandrarnas hus) located in Växjö in Smaland, Sweden.	Swedish Emigrant Institute	Sweden
country	Brodac Donji (Serbian Cyrillic: Бродац Доњи) is a small village located north of the city of Bijeljina in Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Brodac Donji	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Anderat (Persian: اندرات‎, also Romanized as Anderāt) is a village in Shohada Rural District, Yaneh Sar District, Behshahr County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Anderat	Iran
country	The Loopline Bridge (or the Liffey Viaduct) is a railway bridge spanning the River Liffey and several streets in Dublin, Ireland.	Loopline Bridge	Ireland
country	Tauranga Girls' College is a state single-sex girls secondary school in Tauranga, New Zealand.	Tauranga Girls' College	New Zealand
country	Kranji Reservoir (Chinese: 克兰芝蓄水池; Malay: Empangan Air Kranji) is a reservoir in the northern part of Singapore, near the Straits of Johor.	Kranji Reservoir	Singapore
country	Chinkultic, sometimes Chincultic, is a moderate-size archeological ruin in the state of Chiapas, Mexico, some 56 km from Comitán, the nearest city.	Chinkultic	Mexico
country	Pazo de Montecelo is a pazo (manor house) in Paderne, Province of A Coruña, Galicia, Spain.	Pazo de Montecelo	Spain
country	Piveshk (Persian: پي وشك‎, also Romanized as Pīveshk; also known as Beyāsak, Bey Beshk, Bīāsak, Bīāsk, Pey Beshk, Pī Bashk, and Pvishk) is a village in Piveshk Rural District, Lirdaf District, Jask County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Piveshk	Iran
country	Komehr (Persian: كمهر‎; also known as Kūmehr) is a village in Komehr Rural District, in the Central District of Sepidan County, Fars Province, Iran.	Komehr	Iran
country	Deo Sial(Dew Sial) is a town and Union Council of Chunian in the Punjab province of Pakistan.	Deo Sial	Pakistan
country	Bryagovo (Bulgarian Брягово) is a village in Parvomay Municipality, Plovdiv Province, Bulgaria.	Bryagovo	Bulgaria
country	Quatre Bornes also known as La Ville des Fleurs (The City of Flowers), is a town in Mauritius, located in the Plaines Wilhems District, the western part also lies in the Rivière Noire District.	Quatre Bornes	Mauritius
country	The Henie Onstad Kunstsenter is an art museum located at Høvikodden in Bærum municipality, Norway.	Henie Onstad Kunstsenter	Norway
country	Staatsbosbeheer currently oversees over 250.000 hectares of land in the Netherlands.	Staatsbosbeheer	Netherlands
country	The Lindencrone Mansion (Danish: Lindencrones Palæ) is a historic building located on the corner of Bredgade and Sankt Annæ Plads in central Copenhagen, Denmark.	Lindencrone Mansion	Denmark
country	Gidole is a town in southern Ethiopia, and is the administrative center of the Dirashe special woreda.	Gidole	Ethiopia
country	Raukokore is a small settlement close to the East Cape in the northeastern North Island of New Zealand.	Raukokore	New Zealand
country	Rathedaung (Burmese: ရသေ့တောင်မြို့) is the administrative town of Rathedaung Township in the Rakhine State of westernmost part of Myanmar.	Rathedaung	Myanmar
country	The Le Tréhou Parish close (Enclos paroissial) is located at Le Tréhou in the arrondissement of Brest in Brittany in north-western France.	Le Tréhou Parish close	France
country	Horné Semerovce (Hungarian: Felsőszemeréd) is a village and municipality in the Levice District in the Nitra Region of Slovakia.	Horné Semerovce	Slovakia
country	The original opera house in Frankfurt is now the Alte Oper (Old Opera), a concert hall and former opera house in Frankfurt am Main, Germany.	Alte Oper	Germany
country	The Chiloé Block or Chiloé Terrane is a geotectonic unit making up the basement of large parts of south-central Chile between 41° and 45°S. Due to its form it is sometimes called Chiloé Sliver.	Chiloé Block	Chile
country	Cascada de Texolo is a waterfall of eastern Mexico.	Cascada de Texolo	Mexico
country	Lar Dam (Persian: سد لار sad-de lār) is a dam located at the foot of Mount Damavand in Mazandaran, Iran.	Lar Dam	Iran
country	Andkhoy (Persian: اندخوی‎‎) is a town and district in northern Afghanistan, Faryab Province, is located at 36°57′N 65°07′E, 316 m altitude.	Andkhoy	Afghanistan
country	Bediani (Georgian: ბედიანი) is a town in Kvemo Kartli region of Georgia, in the south-East part of Tsalka Municipality, on the right bank of the Khrami River, at approx. 850 m above sea level.	Bediani	Georgia
country	Oshawa (2011 population 149,607; CMA 356,177) is a city in Ontario, Canada, on the Lake Ontario shoreline.	Oshawa	Canada
country	Jalan Kawasan Perindustrian Rawang, Federal Route 3209 is an industrial federal roads in Selangor, Malaysia.	Jalan Kawasan Perindustrian Rawang	Malaysia
country	Bakhtiarlu (Persian: بختيارلو‎, also Romanized as Bakhtīārlū) is a village in Qeshlaq Rural District, Abish Ahmad District, Kaleybar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Bakhtiarlu	Iran
country	Kanjiža (Serbian: Кањижа / Kanjiža, pronounced (kǎɲiʒa), formerly Стара Кањижа / Stara Kanjiža; Hungarian: Kanizsa or Magyarkanizsa) is a town and municipality in the North Banat District of Vojvodina, Serbia.	Kanjiža	Serbia
country	Biangabip Airport (IATA: BPK, ICAO: AYBQ) is an airport serving Biangabip, a small locality in the Western Province in Papua New Guinea.	Biangabip Airport	Papua New Guinea
country	The Akobo River is a river on the border between South Sudan and Ethiopia.	Akobo River	South Sudan	Ethiopia
country	Ptaszkowa (ptaʂˈkɔva) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grybów, within Nowy Sącz County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Ptaszkowa	Poland
country	Sanza Pombo Airport (IATA: SPZ, ICAO: FNPB) is a public use airport located 9 nm west-southwest of Sanza Pombo, Uíge, Angola.	Sanza Pombo Airport	Angola
country	Ouled Ahmed Timmi (Arabic: أوﻻد أﺣﻤﺪ ﺗﻴﻤﻰ‎) is a commune in Adrar District, Adrar Province, in south-central Algeria.	Ouled Ahmed Timmi	Algeria
country	King Christian X Land (Danish: Kong Christian X Land) is an area of northeastern Greenland comprising part of Northeast Greenland National Park.	King Christian X Land	Greenland
country	Puli Kiadeh (Persian: پوليكياده‎, also Romanized as Pūlī Kīādeh; also known as Polīkīādeh and Pūl Kīādeh) is a village in Harazpey-ye Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Puli Kiadeh	Iran
country	Royal FC de Muramvya or simply Royal is a football (soccer) club from Burundi based in Muramvya.	Royal FC de Muramvya	Burundi
country	Urania Sternwarte is a public observatory in the Lindenhof quarter of Zürich, Switzerland.	Urania Sternwarte	Switzerland
country	Buduburam is a refugee camp located 44 kilometers (27 mi) west of Accra, Ghana.	Buduburam	Ghana
country	Krško Castle (Slovene: Grad Krško, German: Schloss Gurckfeld) is a 12th-century castle ruin to the right of the Sava above the old center of the town of Krško, southeastern Slovenia.	Krško Castle	Slovenia
country	Tambov State University named after G. R. Derzhavin (T.G.U, Russian: Тамбовский государственный университет имени Г. Р. Державина) is a state university in Tambov, Russia.	Tambov State University	Russia
country	Qanatghestan Rural District (Persian: دهستان قناتغستان‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Mahan District, Kerman County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Qanatghestan Rural District	Iran
country	Sheykh Zard (Persian: شيخ زرد‎) is a village in Margavar Rural District, Silvaneh District, Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Sheykh Zard	Iran
country	Baz Qaleh-ye Malek (Persian: بازقلعه ملك‎, also Romanized as Bāz Qal``eh-ye Malek and Bāz Qal``eh-e Malek) is a village in Sangar Rural District, Sangar District, Rasht County, Gilan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 489, in 155 families.	Baz Qaleh-ye Malek	Iran
country	Kalateh-ye Rahman (Persian: كلاته رحمان‎, also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Raḩmān) is a village in Qalandarabad Rural District, Qalandarabad District, Fariman County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Kalateh-ye Rahman	Iran
country	Fámjin (Danish: Famien) is a village, located in the middle of the coastline on the western side of Suðuroy, the southernmost island in Faroe Islands.	Fámjin	Faroe Islands
country	Kinwamayu (Quechua kinwa a plant (Chenopodium quinoa), mayu river, hispanicized spelling Ccuenhuamayo) is a river in Peru located in the Ayacucho Region, Victor Fajardo Province, Huancapi District.	Kinwamayu	Peru
country	Korissia (Greek: Κορισσία) is a former municipality on the island of Corfu, Ionian Islands, Greece.	Korissia	Greece
country	Pasni Airport (IATA: PSI, ICAO: OPPI) is a domestic airport, located at Pasni City, Balochistan, Pakistan.	Pasni Airport	Pakistan
country	Miquelon Lake is a lake in Alberta, Canada, located in the heart of Miquelon Lake Provincial Park.	Miquelon Lake	Canada
country	Moondarra State Park is on the northern edge of the Latrobe Valley, east of Melbourne, Australia.	Moondarra State Park	Australia
country	Lubiesza (luˈbjɛʂa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ceranów, within Sokołów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Lubiesza	Poland
country	The Sarycheku mine is a large copper mine located in the east of Uzbekistan in Tashkent Province.	Sarycheku mine	Uzbekistan
country	Beloslav (Bulgarian: Белослав) is a small industrial town in Varna Province, Northeastern Bulgaria, located 19 km away to the west from Varna downtown and Bulgarian Black Sea coast.	Beloslav	Bulgaria
country	After the founding of the People's Republic of China (PRC) in 1949, Jinan University was closed and its schools were merged with those of other university such as Fudan University.	Jinan University	People's Republic of China
country	Nosów-Kolonia (ˈnɔsuf kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leśna Podlaska, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Nosów-Kolonia	Poland
country	The Universities Tests Act 1871 in the United Kingdom abolished the communion ``Tests'' and allowed Roman Catholics, non-conformists and non-Christians to take up fellowships at the Universities of Oxford, Cambridge, London and Durham.	Universities Tests Act 1871	United Kingdom
country	Gracuch (ˈɡrat͡sux) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Końskie, within Końskie County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Gracuch	Poland
country	Masha-ye Ali Abiyari (Persian: مشاع علي ابياري‎, also Romanized as Mashāʿ-ye ʿAlī Ābīyārī) is a village in Ganjabad Rural District, Esmaili District, Anbarabad County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Masha-ye Ali Abiyari	Iran
country	Poitiers ((pwatje)) is a city on the Clain river in west-central France.	Poitiers	France
country	The Villa Mosconi Bertani (also known as Villa Novare) is a neoclassical manor in the Veneto region of Italy.	Villa Mosconi Bertani	Italy
country	The Margaret River Perimeter Road is a proposed highway bypass of Margaret River, Western Australia.	Margaret River Perimeter Road	Australia
country	Fortunair Canada was an charter airlines based Canada.	Fortunair	Canada
country	Mvolyé or Mvolye is a neighbourhood of Yaoundé, Cameroon.	Mvolyé	Cameroon
country	Inanda Seminary School is one of the oldest schools for girls in South Africa.	Inanda Seminary School	South Africa
country	Paşan (also, Pashan) is a village in the Zaqatala Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Paşan	Azerbaijan
country	Lannéanou (Breton: Lanneanoù) is a commune in the Finistère department of Brittany in north-western France.	Lannéanou	France
country	Lake Koroneia (Greek: Λίμνη Κορώνεια) is a lake in the heart of the Thessaloniki regional unit in the Mygdonian basin in Greece.	Lake Koroneia	Greece
country	The Ipiranga Brook (in Portuguese: Riacho do Ipiranga) is a river of São Paulo state in southeastern Brazil, historically known as the place where Dom Pedro I declared the independence of Brazil from the United Kingdom of Portugal, Brazil and the Algarves.	Ipiranga Brook	Brazil
country	Colonia Obrera is an administrative neighborhood of the borough of Cuauhtémoc in the center of Mexico City.	Colonia Obrera	Mexico
country	Hosanger Church (Norwegian: Hosanger kyrkje) is a parish church in Osterøy municipality in Hordaland county, Norway.	Hosanger Church	Norway
country	Lün (Mongolian: Лүн) is a sum of Töv Province in Mongolia.	Lün	Mongolia
country	Sherkat-e Gol Nama (Persian: شركت گل نما‎, also Romanized as Sherkat-e Gol Namā) is a village in Taraznahid Rural District, in the Central District of Saveh County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Sherkat-e Gol Nama	Iran
country	Nanuya Levu (pronounced (naˈnuja ˈleβu)) is a privately owned island of the Yasawa Group in Fiji and the site of the Turtle Island Resort, a sustainable luxury resort and also a locale for the romance adventure film The Blue Lagoon (1980).	Nanuya Levu	Fiji
country	Nedungolam (Malayalam: നെടുങ്ങോലം) or Nedumgolam is the Northern border town of Paravur municipality in the Kollam district of Kerala state, India.	Nedungolam	India
country	The Mount William stone axe quarry is a prehistoric aboriginal site in Central Victoria, Australia.	Mount William stone axe quarry	Australia
country	Šarani (Cyrillic: Шарани) is a village in the municipality of Gornji Milanovac, Serbia.	Šarani	Serbia
country	The Ghelamco Arena (also called Arteveldestadion) is a multi-use stadium in Ghent, Belgium.	Ghelamco Arena	Belgium
country	Kochkor is a village in northern Naryn Region of Kyrgyzstan.	Kochkor	Kyrgyzstan
country	Mariholtet is a tourist cabin in Østmarka, which is a forested area on the eastern side of Oslo, Norway.	Mariholtet	Norway
country	AXN Black - Available in Portugal, Romania, Bulgaria, Poland, Hungary, Czech Republic and Slovakia.	AXN	Romania
country	Grand Hôtel de París was a hotel located in the eastern part of the Puerta del Sol, central Madrid, Spain.	Grand Hôtel de París	Spain
country	The Piła Airport opened in 1913 in the town of Piła, in the rather sparsely populated part of northern Wielkopolska, Poland.	Piła Airport	Poland
country	Kolomna Municipal Okrug (Russian: муниципа́льный о́круг Коло́мна) is a municipal okrug of Admiralteysky District of the federal city of St. Petersburg, Russia.	Kolomna Municipal Okrug	Russia
country	Yeongam-eup (영암읍) is the county seat of Yeongam County, South Jeolla province, South Korea.	Yeongam-eup	South Korea
country	The Hamrin Mountains (Arabic: جبل حمرين Jabāl Hamrīn, Kurdish: Çiyayê Hemrîn or Çiyayên Hemrîn), are a small mountain ridge in northeast Iraq.	Hamrin Mountains	Iraq
country	Kuvandyk (Russian: Куванды́к) is a town in Orenburg Oblast, Russia, located on the Sakmara River at the southern end of the Ural Mountains, 194 kilometers (121 mi) east of Orenburg, the administrative center of the oblast.	Kuvandyk	Russia
country	Człopy (ˈt͡ʂwɔpɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Uniejów, within Poddębice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Człopy	Poland
country	Korani-ye Hashem Soltan (Persian: كراني هاشم سلطان‎, also Romanized as Korānī-ye Hāshem Solţān) is a village in Dorudfaraman Rural District, in the Central District of Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Korani-ye Hashem Soltan	Iran
country	The London Tombs have won the Screamie Award for being the United Kingdom's Best Year Round Scare Attraction for the years 2009--2015 The London Bridge Experience has been nominated by Group Travel Organiser as a finalist for ``Best Attraction for Group Visits''.	The London Bridge Experience	United Kingdom
country	Elingård (Elingaard herregård) is a manor house and an estate located at Fredrikstad, in Østfold, Norway.	Elingård	Norway
country	Drumcar House (later: St. Mary's Hospital; currently: Saint John of God Residence) is a manor house in the historical parish of Drumcar in the barony of Ardee, 1 mile (1.6 km) northeast of Dunleer, County Louth, Leinster, Ireland.	Drumcar House	Ireland
country	The Brooke Street Pier is a floating pontoon building at Sullivans Cove in the waterfront area of the city of Hobart, Tasmania, Australia.	Brooke Street Pier	Australia
country	Punta Stilo (Italian for ``Cape of Columns'') is the name of an arcuate headland in Calabria, Italy.	Punta Stilo	Italy
country	Beytüşşebap (Ottoman Turkish: بيت شباب) is a district of Şırnak Province of Turkey.	Beytüşşebap	Turkey
country	Ożumiech (ɔˈʐumjɛx) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzynowłoga Mała, within Przasnysz County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Ożumiech	Poland
country	Miłów (ˈmiwuf) (German: Mühlow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Maszewo, within Krosno Odrzańskie County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.	Miłów	Poland
country	La Región is a daily newspaper in the city and province of Ourense, in the Southeastern part of Galicia, an autonomous community (region) of Spain.	La Región	Spain
country	Naogaon Zilla School is government-funded all boys school for grades 3 to 10 in Naogaon, Bangladesh.	Naogaon Zilla School	Bangladesh
country	Dali District (Chinese: 大里區; pinyin: Dàlǐ Qū) is an inner city district in Taichung, Taiwan.	Dali District	Taiwan
country	Cisowy (t͡ɕiˈsɔvɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osiek, within Starogard County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Cisowy	Poland
country	CIAU-FM is a french language community radio station that operates at 103.1 FM in Radisson, Quebec, Canada.	CIAU-FM	Canada
country	Koxie or Kokhie (Arabic: كوخيێ‎) is a mountain village near Ain Sifni (Arabic: الشيخان‎) in southern Kurdistan (north of Iraq).	Koxie	Iraq
country	Tagore International School, India, was founded in 1972.	Tagore International School	India
country	Lycée Franco-Hellénique Eugène Delacroix (LFH, Greek: Ελληνογαλλική Σχολή Ευγένιος Ντελακρουά) is a French international school in Agia Paraskevi, Attica, Greece, in the Athens metropolitan area.	Lycée Franco-Hellénique Eugène Delacroix	Greece
country	Saldus District (Latvian: Saldus rajons) was an administrative division of Latvia, located in Courland region, in the country's west.	Saldus District	Latvia
country	Malá Lodina is a village and large municipality in Košice-okolie District in the Kosice Region of eastern Slovakia.	Malá Lodina	Slovakia
country	The Talin Power Plant (Chinese: 大林發電廠; pinyin: Dàlín Fādiànchǎng) or Dalin Power Plant is a mix-generation power plant in Siaogang District, Kaohsiung, Taiwan.	Talin Power Plant	Taiwan
country	Bilram is a town and a nagar panchayat in Kashiram Nagar (Kasganj) in the state of Uttar Pradesh, India.	Bilram	India
country	The Steenbras Dam (``STEE-un bruss'') is an earth-fill type dam located in the Hottentots-Holland mountains, above Gordons Bay, near Cape Town in South Africa.	Steenbras Dam	South Africa
country	Dalcahue Channel (Spanish: ``Canal de Dalcahue'') is a body of water of the Sea of Chiloé that separates Quinchao Island from Chiloé Island, both part of the Chiloé Archipelago in southern Chile.	Dalcahue Channel	Chile
country	Melbourne Polytechnic, formerly known as Northern Melbourne Institute of TAFE (NMIT), is a TAFE and higher education institute located in the northern suburbs of Melbourne, Victoria, Australia.	Melbourne Polytechnic	Australia
country	Luneville-Chenevieres Air Base is an abandoned military airfield in France, located approximately 14 miles southwest of Châlons-sur-Marne (Departement de la Marne,Champagne-Ardenne); 77 miles northeast of Paris.	Luneville-Chenevieres Air Base	France
country	The Wolf Burn is a small stream, running from a suspect subterreanean source behind the Ormlie housing estate in Thurso, Highland Region in the United Kingdom.	Wolf Burn	United Kingdom
country	The Stryama (Bulgarian: Стряма, known in Antiquity as Syrmus) is a river in southern Bulgaria, an important left tributary of the Maritsa.	Stryama	Bulgaria
country	Rason (formerly Rajin-Sŏnbong; Korean pronunciation: (ɾasʰʌn, ɾadʑin sʰʌnboŋ)) is a North Korean city and ice-free port in the Sea of Japan (East Sea of Korea) in the North Pacific Ocean on the northeast tip of North Korea.	Rason	North Korea
country	Benimaclet (Valencian pronunciation: (benimaˈklet)) is a former village which is now part of the city of Valencia, Spain.	Benimaclet	Spain
country	Çağan is a village and municipality in the Shamakhi Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Çağan	Azerbaijan
country	Witless Bay Ecological Reserve is an ecological preserve close to St. John's, Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada.	Witless Bay Ecological Reserve	Canada
country	Vikoč (Serbian Cyrillic: Викоч) is a village in the municipality of Foča, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Vikoč	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Neerlandia is a hamlet in central Alberta, Canada within the County of Barrhead No. 11.	Neerlandia	Canada
country	Chong Mek (Thai: ช่องเม็ก) is a border town in the Isan region of Thailand.	Chong Mek	Thailand
country	Changwon Station is a train station in Changwon, southeast South Korea.	Changwon Station	South Korea
country	The Great Eastern Tower (also known as Menara Great Eastern) in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, is the headquarters of Great Eastern Life Assurance (M) Bhd, a member of Great Eastern Holdings Ltd in Singapore.	Great Eastern Tower	Malaysia
country	Qaradonlu (also, Karadanlu, Karadon, Karadonlu, and Karadonly) is a village and municipality in the Imishli Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Qaradonlu	Azerbaijan
country	Junularo Esperantista Brita (JEB) is the organisation for young Esperanto-speakers in the United Kingdom.	Junularo Esperantista Brita	United Kingdom
country	Židovar is an archeological site and settlement near Vršac, Serbia.	Židovar	Serbia
country	Kani Ebrahim (Persian: كاني ابراهيم‎‎, also Romanized as Kānī Ebrāhīm) is a village in Posht-e Arbaba Rural District, Alut District, Baneh County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Kani Ebrahim	Iran
country	Srithammarat Suksa School (Thai: โรงเรียนศรีธรรมราชศึกษา) is a private Christian school in Nakhon Si Thammarat, southern Thailand.	Srithammarat Suksa School	Thailand
country	Enayati-ye Vasat (Persian: عنايتي وسط‎, also Romanized as ʿEnāyatī-ye Vasaṭ) is a village in Abshar Rural District, in the Central District of Shadegan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Enayati-ye Vasat	Iran
country	Mareo (Italian: Marebbe; German: Enneberg) is a comune (municipality) in South Tyrol in northern Italy, located about 50 kilometres (31 mi) northeast of Bolzano.	Mareo	Italy
country	Mandiana is a town located in eastern Guinea.	Mandiana	Guinea
country	Bussigny-sur-Oron is a former municipality in the district of Lavaux-Oron of the Canton of Vaud, Switzerland.	Bussigny-sur-Oron	Switzerland
country	Čantavir (Serbian: Čantavir or Чантавир, Hungarian: Csantavér, Croatian: Čantavir) is the largest village with Hungarian ethnic majority in the autonomous province of Vojvodina, Serbia.	Čantavir	Serbia
country of origin	Godzilla Against Mechagodzilla, released in Japan as Godzilla × Mechagodzilla (ゴジラ×メカゴジラ Gojira tai Mekagojira), is a 2002 Japanese science fiction kaiju film directed by Masaaki Tezuka and written by Wataru Mimura.	Godzilla Against Mechagodzilla	Japan
country of origin	During the Arab-Israeli War of 1967, the Israeli Army was equipped with a large number of SS.11s supplied by France.	SS.11	France
country of origin	VideoKids were a 1980s Euro disco/Italo disco duo from The Netherlands, formed in 1984 and led by Peter Slaghuis and Bianca Bonelli, who also had a solo hit single called ``Je veux l'amour''.	VideoKids	Netherlands
country of origin	Duck soup noodles or duck leg noodles (simplified Chinese: 鸭腿麺线; traditional Chinese: 鴨腿麺線; Pe̍h-ōe-jī: ah-thuí-mī-suànn; also spelt ak-twee-mee-sua) is a style of serving noodles famous in Malaysia, in particular at Penang hawker centres.	Duck soup noodles	Malaysia
country of origin	Jajo's Secret is a 2009 made for TV documentary film about the internment of Ukrainians by the government of Canada during the First World War.	Jajo's Secret	Canada
country of origin	Jalisco Philarmonic Orchestra (Orquesta Filarmónica de Jalisco) was established in 1912 by José Rolón as the Guadalajara Symphonic Orchestra in Guadalajara, Jalisco in Mexico.	Jalisco Philarmonic Orchestra	Mexico
country of origin	Sabado Barkada (English: Saturday Troop) is a musical variety show in the Philippines.	Sabado Barkada	Philippines
country of origin	Bernheim Original is a wheat whiskey produced in Bardstown, Kentucky by Heaven Hill Distilleries.	Bernheim Original	Kentucky
country of origin	It tells the story of an Albanian boy, Mirush, who travels to Norway is search of his father.	Mirush	Norway
country of origin	Snake in the Eagle's Shadow (Chinese: 蛇形刁手) is a 1978 Hong Kong martial arts action film directed by Yuen Woo-ping in his directorial debut, and starring Jackie Chan, Hwang Jang Lee and Yuen Woo-ping's real life father, Yuen Siu Tien.	Snake in the Eagle's Shadow	Hong Kong
country of origin	Leonhard Seppala was born in the village of Skibotn in Storfjord municipality, Troms county, Norway.	Leonhard Seppala	Norway
country of origin	Hello, Schoolgirl was released in South Korea on November 27, 2008, and topped the box office on its opening weekend with 309,065 admissions.	Hello, Schoolgirl	South Korea
country of origin	Hotel Story was an Australian television series made by Crawford Productions (now Crawfords Australia) for the Ten Network in 1977.	Hotel Story	Australia
country of origin	Golden Soak is a 1979 Australian mini series about an English mining engineer who travels to Australia.	Golden Soak	Australia
country of origin	Sefarad was a Sephardic music band from Turkey.	Sefarad	Turkey
country of origin	Habichuelas con dulce is a sweet bean liquid dessert from the Dominican Republic that is especially popular around the Easter holiday.	Habichuelas con dulce	Dominican Republic
country of origin	Selat solo (Javanese for: ``Solo salad'') is a western-derived Javanese cuisine specialty of Solo city, Central Java, Indonesia.	Selat solo	Indonesia
country of origin	Soegija is an epic history drama of Indonesia, directed by the senior director of Indonesia Garin Nugroho, about national hero Albertus Soegijapranata.	Soegija	Indonesia
country of origin	Kids of the Majestic is a 2009 documentary film made in Bangalore, India.	Kids of the Majestic	India
country of origin	The People Versus is a television game show which aired on ITV from 2000 to 2002 in the United Kingdom.	The People Versus	United Kingdom
country of origin	Masculin Féminin is a notable film within Godard's 1960s period of filmmaking, and is considered by critics as representative of '60s France and Paris.	Masculin Féminin	France
country of origin	Krithyam (English: Exact) is a 2005 Malayalam film, made in India, by Viji Thampi and starring Prithviraj Sukumaran.	Krithyam	India
country of origin	Tee Set was a pop rock band formed in 1966 in Delft, Netherlands.	Tee Set	Netherlands
country of origin	Jenny, Juno is a 2005 South Korean romance film written and directed by Kim Ho-jun. It was released in South Korea on February 18, 2005 and pulled in a total of 289,829 admissions.	Jenny, Juno	South Korea
country of origin	Nostalgia for the Light was first released in France on May 14, 2010 at the Cannes Film Festival.	Nostalgia for the Light	France
country of origin	Revak the Rebel was filmed on location in Italy and it cost NBC $750,000, making it the most expensive pilot ever produced (at the time).	Revak the Rebel	Italy
country of origin	Edguy is a heavy metal band from Fulda, Germany that was formed in 1992.	Edguy	Germany
country of origin	Isostar was first created in Switzerland in 1977.	Isostar	Switzerland
country of origin	The evocative music that accompanied the series by the Irish musical group Clannad titled Theme from Harry's Game was commercially released, reaching the top five in both Ireland and the United Kingdom pop music singles charts, bringing the band its first major international exposure.	Harry's Game	United Kingdom
country of origin	Everybody Hapi (lit. Everybody Happy) is a situational comedy aired every Saturday night in the Philippines on TV5.	Everybody Hapi	Philippines
country of origin	My Boss, My Teacher was released in South Korea on 19 January 2006, and topped the box office on its opening weekend with 1,106,825 admissions.	My Boss, My Teacher	South Korea
country of origin	The film tells the story of Soe Hok Gie, a graduate from University of Indonesia who is known as an activist and nature lover.	Gie	Indonesia
country of origin	The Jean-Paul Sartre Experience is an EP by New Zealand band Jean-Paul Sartre Experience released in 1986.	Jean-Paul Sartre Experience	New Zealand
country of origin	Pissaladière (Ligurian: piscialandrea; Occitan: pissaladiera, (pisalaˈdjeɾɔ) or pissaladina (pisalaˈdina)) is a dish which originated from Nice in Southern France.	Pissaladière	France
country of origin	La Stampa (meaning the Press in English) is an Italian daily newspaper published in Turin, Italy.	La Stampa	Italy
country of origin	Rubberen Robbie is a Dutch band (or ``comedy act'') from Leiden, Netherlands, best known for a parodic compilation of Dutch-language songs that was a number-one hit in the Netherlands in 1981.	Rubberen Robbie	Netherlands
country of origin	C'est La Vie, Mon Chéri or New Endless Love (Chinese: 新不了情) is a series starring Fiona Sit and Aloys Chen based on an adaptation of the 1994 Hong Kong movie, also known as C'est la vie, mon chéri.	C'est La Vie, Mon Chéri	Hong Kong
country of origin	Adele at the BBC (also known as Adele Live in London to some international markets) is a television special featuring British singer and songwriter Adele, hosted by Graham Norton for BBC One, and which was recorded at The London Studios, London, United Kingdom on 2 November 2015.	Adele at the BBC	United Kingdom
country of origin	Shubh Vivah (English: Happy Wedding, Hindi: शुभ विवाह) is an Indian television drama series telecast on Sony Entertainment Television India and Sony Entertainment Television Asia.	Shubh Vivah	India
country of origin	Master of Play (心戰) is a 2012 Hong Kong psychological crime thriller produced by TVB.	Master of Play	Hong Kong
country of origin	The Legend of Lady Yang is a Hong Kong television series based on the romance between Emperor Xuanzong of the Tang dynasty and his consort Yang Yuhuan.	The Legend of Lady Yang	Hong Kong
country of origin	Hate 2 O (H2Odio in Italy) is a 2006 film written, directed, and produced by Alex Infascelli.	Hate 2 O	Italy
country of origin	The Raveonettes are a Danish indie rock duo, consisting of Sune Rose Wagner (born 7 October 1973, Sønderborg, Denmark) on guitar, instruments, and vocals, and Sharin Foo (born 22 November 1973, Emmelev, Denmark) on bass, guitar and vocals.	The Raveonettes	Denmark
country of origin	50 Years 50 Stars is a television special that marked 50 years of television in Australia.	50 Years 50 Stars	Australia
country of origin	The RD-253 (Russian: Раке́тный дви́гатель 253, Rocket Engine 253) and its later variants, the RD-275 and RD-275M, are liquid-propellant rocket engines developed in the Soviet Union by Energomash.	RD-253	Soviet Union
country of origin	Helsingin Sanomat, abbreviated HS and colloquially known as Hesari, is the largest subscription newspaper in Finland and the Nordic countries, owned by Sanoma.	Helsingin Sanomat	Finland
country of origin	Kap's Amazing Stories was an informative and educational television programme from the Philippines.	Kap's Amazing Stories	Philippines
country of origin	Honey Puffs (called Honey Weets in Australia) is a breakfast cereal produced by Sanitarium Health and Wellbeing Company and sold in New Zealand and Australia.	Honey Puffs	New Zealand
country of origin	Avenir Telecom was founded in 1989 in Marseille, France, by Jean-Daniel Beurnier.	Avenir Telecom	France
country of origin	At the time of its release in Thailand, Bangkok Haunted was the second-biggest grossing Thai horror film since Nang Nak in 1999.	Bangkok Haunted	Thailand
country of origin	The first series of Nowhere Boys was financed with the assistance of the Australian Children's Television Foundation, Film Victoria, ABC3 and Screen Australia.	Nowhere Boys	Australia
country of origin	MTV What the Hack! is a TV show that airs on MTV India.	MTV What the Hack!	India
country of origin	The Way of the Dragon (Chinese: 猛龍過江, released in the United States as Return of the Dragon) is a 1972 Hong Kong martial arts action comedy film written, produced and directed by Bruce Lee, who also stars in the lead role.	Way of the Dragon	Hong Kong
country of origin	The Presumption of Justice is a 2012 documentary film, directed by Boris Malagurski and Ivana Rajović, it deals with the September 2009 murder of Brice Taton, a fan of Toulouse FC, who arrived to Belgrade, Serbia in order to support his club in its UEFA Europa League away match versus FK Partizan.	The Presumption of Justice	Serbia
country of origin	Pilipinas News, roughly translated as Philippine News is the flagship Filipino language late night news program broadcast by TV5 in the Philippines.	Pilipinas News	Philippines
country of origin	Qafqaz və Merkuri cəmiyyətinin paroxodunun limandan yola düşməsi is one of the earliest films ever produced in the Cinema of Azerbaijan directed by Azeri cinema pioneer Alexandre Michon.	Qafqaz və Merkuri cəmiyyətinin paroxodunun limandan yola düşməsi	Azerbaijan
country of origin	The First Series of The Man in Room 17 was released on DVD in the United Kingdom on 17 June 2013.	The Man in Room 17	United Kingdom
country of origin	Trip na Trip was an award winning travel show in the Philippines.	Trip na Trip	Philippines
country of origin	The Estate Agents was a comedy series, aired on Channel 4 in the United Kingdom in 2002.	The Estate Agents	United Kingdom
country of origin	Damon Dark is an independent public access TV series and web series from Australia about a heroic and obsessive investigator of UFO incidents and other strange cases, created by Australian writer, actor and film maker Adrian Sherlock.	Damon Dark	Australia
country of origin	Grazia (Italian for Grace) is an Italian weekly women's magazine with international editions printed in Albania, Bahrain, Bulgaria, China, Croatia, France, Germany.	Grazia	France
country of origin	Águila Roja (``Red Eagle'') is a Spanish adventure television series set in Spain during the 17th century.	Águila Roja	Spain
country of origin	The Prisoner is a 17-episode British television series first broadcast in the United Kingdom from 29 September 1967 to 1 February 1968.	The Prisoner	United Kingdom
country of origin	The Idiots is a co-production of companies from Denmark, France, Italy, the Netherlands, Spain, and Sweden.	The Idiots	Denmark	France	Italy	Netherlands	Spain	Sweden
country of origin	Chaja & Mimi is a 2009 documentary short film by producer/director Eric Esser from Berlin, Germany.	Chaja & Mimi	Germany
country of origin	The first season of Always Greener have been released on DVD in Region 4 (Australia) format; the second is upcoming.	Always Greener	Australia
country of origin	Pulp Sport is a New Zealand television show that mixes sport with various styles of comedy.	Pulp Sport	New Zealand
country of origin	We're Going to Eat You is a 1980 Hong Kong horror comedy film directed by Tsui Hark.	We're Going to Eat You	Hong Kong
country of origin	BTR-90 (GAZ-5923) (Russian: бронетранспортер/Bronetransporter, or literally, ``Armoured Transporter'') is an 8×8 wheeled armoured personnel carrier developed in Russia, designed in 1993 and first shown publicly in 1994.	BTR-90	Russia
country of origin	Belekoy is a Filipino delicacy that originated from Bulacan, Philippines.	Belekoy	Philippines
country of origin	Goin' Bulilit (lit. Goin' Kids) is a sketch comedy show broadcast on and created by ABS-CBN in the Philippines.	Goin' Bulilit	Philippines
country of origin	Norrländska Socialdemokraten (NSD) (Swedish: The Norrland Social Democrat) is a daily regional newspaper published in Norrbotten County, Sweden.	Norrländska Socialdemokraten	Sweden
country of origin	CTV National News is CTV's flagship newscast, which airs at 11:00 pm local time on the CTV stations across Canada.	CTV National News	Canada
country of origin	The Fuccons, known in Japan as Oh!	The Fuccons	Japan
country of origin	Durian Durian (Chinese: 榴槤飄飄; Cantonese Yale: Làuh Lìn Pìu Pìu) is a 2000 Hong Kong film directed by Fruit Chan.	Durian Durian	Hong Kong
country of origin	Project A (Chinese: A計劃; Jyutping: A Gai3 Waak6; also known as Pirate Patrol and Jackie Chan's Project A) is a 1983 Hong Kong martial arts action comedy film written and directed by Jackie Chan, who also starred in the film.	Project A	Hong Kong
country of origin	Le Rosier de Madame Husson, played by Marie-Anne Chazel as part of a series: ``Chez Maupassant'', on France 2.	Le Rosier de Madame Husson	France
country of origin	Enter the Phoenix (Chinese: 大佬愛美麗, Daai lo oi mei lai, literally ``Big brother loves beauty'') is a 2004 Hong Kong film directed by Stephen Fung.	Enter the Phoenix	Hong Kong
country of origin	Raining in the Mountain (simplified Chinese: 空山灵雨; traditional Chinese: 空山靈雨; pinyin: Kong shan ling yu) is a 1979 Hong Kong-Taiwan drama film directed by King Hu.	Raining in the Mountain	Taiwan
country of origin	Selo gori, a baba se češlja (English: The village is burning, and the grandmother is combing her hair) is a television series in Serbia.	Selo gori, a baba se češlja	Serbia
country of origin	The CZ 100 was introduced in 1995 by Česká Zbrojovka (Uherský Brod, Czech Republic), the first of CZs weapons to use synthetic materials.	CZ 100	Czech Republic
country of origin	Bukan Bintang Biasa (English: Not Just An Ordinary Star) is a 2007 Indonesian comedy film directed by Lasja Fauzia and aired on Indonesia and South Korea.	Bukan Bintang Biasa	Indonesia
country of origin	The Heroic Trio (Dung fong saam hap, TC: 東方三俠, pinyin: dōng fāng sān xiá) is a 1992 Hong Kong action film directed by Johnnie To, starring Michelle Yeoh, Maggie Cheung, and Anita Mui as the titular trio.	The Heroic Trio	Hong Kong
country of origin	Topsia Cola (Persian: تاپسیا کولا‎) is a cola-flavoured soft drink produced in Iran by Damavand Mineral Water Co..	Topsia Cola	Iran
country of origin	Bastardo del Grappa is a traditional cheese produced in the foothills of Monte Grappa massif and in the provinces of Treviso, Belluno, and Vicenza, in Italy.	Bastardo del Grappa	Italy
country of origin	De Hardheid regularly performs at poppodia and festivals throughout their home country, the Netherlands.	De Hardheid	Netherlands
country of origin	Sara Dane is a 1982 Australian television miniseries about a woman transported from England to Australia for a crime she did not commit.	Sara Dane	Australia
country of origin	Rachael Finch (born 8 April 1988) is an Australian TV Host, dancer, model and beauty pageant titleholder She was awarded the 'People's Choice Award' for the 2006 Miss Teen Australia and finished as 3rd Runner-Up at Miss Universe 2009.	Rachael Finch	Australia
country of origin	UK Uncovered is a British reality television show that was filmed on location as part of a national tour, visiting nearly every major town and city in the United Kingdom.	UK Uncovered	United Kingdom
country of origin	Angel Delight is a powdered dessert product produced in the United Kingdom.	Angel Delight	United Kingdom
country of origin	So Close is a 2002 Hong Kong action film directed by Corey Yuen, starring Shu Qi, Zhao Wei and Karen Mok.	So Close	Hong Kong
country of origin	Andrajos is a typical dish of Jaén province, Albacete, Granada province and Murcia, Spain.	Andrajos	Spain
country of origin	Bacon and cabbage is a dish traditionally associated with Ireland.	Bacon and cabbage	Ireland
country of origin	Eye to Eye with Willie Jackson, or more simply Eye to Eye, was a New Zealand current affairs programme on TVNZ which looks at the main events from a Māori point of view.	Eye to Eye with Willie Jackson	New Zealand
country of origin	Ajdov Kruh is a type of bread that is consumed mainly in central Slovenia.	Ajdov Kruh	Slovenia
country of origin	Maple slaw (also called sled dog slaw in parts of Canada) is a variation of coleslaw consisting of maple syrup, cabbage, onion, fish, and seasoning.	Maple slaw	Canada
country of origin	The Yang's Saga is a 1985 Hong Kong historical action miniseries based on a series of novels and plays titled Generals of the Yang Clan.	The Yang's Saga	Hong Kong
country of origin	Vindaloo (also known as vindallo, vindalho, or vindaalo) is an Indian curry dish popular in the region of Goa, the surrounding Konkan, and many other parts of India.	Vindaloo	India
country of origin	The Nabaztag device acts as a client to the France-based servers.	Nabaztag	France
country of origin	Flatmania is an animated television program that airs in France (on France 3 and Disney Channel France), Canada (YTV and Radio-Canada) Germany (Nick), the U.S. (Animania) and in the United Kingdom (on POP).	Flatmania	France
country of origin	Itanong mo kay Soriano (Tagalog for ``Ask Soriano, the Bible Will Answer'') is a religious radio and television program in the Philippines produced by the Members Church of God International and hosted by Eli Soriano.	Itanong mo kay Soriano	Philippines
country of origin	Black Bridge is an independent 2006 comedy-drama film from Canada and was written and directed by Kevin Doherty.	Black Bridge	Canada
country of origin	Kitchen Superstar is a 2011 competitive cooking game show in the Philippines.	Kitchen Superstar	Philippines
country of origin	House Husbands received funding from Screen Australia and filming on the series commenced at the end of May.	House Husbands	Australia
country of origin	Eastern Condors (Chinese: 東方禿鷹) is a 1987 Hong Kong action film directed by Sammo Hung, who also starred in the lead role.	Eastern Condors	Hong Kong
country of origin	Red Nights (Les Nuits rouges du Bourreau de Jade) is a 2010 French-Hong Kong film by Julien Carbon and Laurent Courtiaud.	Red Nights	Hong Kong
country of origin	The Jat people (Hindi pronunciation: (dʒaːʈ)) (also spelled Jatt and Jaat) are a traditionally agricultural community in Northern India and Pakistan.	Jat people	India
country of origin	The film is known under the titles: ``Toto in Madrid'' (English title), ``Totò a Madrid'', ``Un coup fumant'' (France), ``La culpa fue de Eva'' (Spain).	Toto in Madrid	France	Spain
country of origin	Terror Train was filmed in and around Montreal, Quebec, Canada from November 21 to December 23, 1979.	Terror Train	Canada
country of origin	Sexo, pudor y lágrimas (Sex, Shame, and Tears) is a Mexican film, the second of the so-called New Era of the Cinema of Mexico (the first one was Like Water for Chocolate).	Sexo, pudor y lágrimas	Mexico
country of origin	Wind at My Back is a television series which aired in Canada on CBC Television between 1996 and 2001.	Wind at My Back	Canada
country of origin	Synchromy (French: Synchromie) is a 1971 National Film Board of Canada visual music film by Norman McLaren utilizing graphical sound.	Synchromy	Canada
country of origin	Spaghetti alla chitarra (Italian: (spaˈɡetti ˈalla kiˈtarra)), also known as maccheroni alla chitarra, is a variety of egg pasta typical of Abruzzo, Italy.	Spaghetti alla chitarra	Italy
country of origin	Running for over 28 years, Top Club was an annual tournament of general knowledge quiz games involving clubs and organisations from the Northern Scotland region.	Top Club	Scotland
country of origin	My Sister of Eternal Flower (Traditional Chinese: 花花世界花家姐), is the title of an Hong Kong television drama starring Charmaine Sheh, Raymond Lam, Ngo Ka-nin, and Toby Leung.	My Sister of Eternal Flower	Hong Kong
country of origin	A Chip Off the Old Block (Traditional Chinese: 巴不得爸爸...) is a 2009 TVB television drama from Hong Kong produced and created by Poon Ka Tak.	A Chip Off the Old Block	Hong Kong
country of origin	Ring Ka King (Hindi: रिंग का किंग, English: King of the Ring) was a professional wrestling promotion based in India, which was backed by Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA).	Ring Ka King	India
country of origin	My Left Eye Sees Ghosts (simplified Chinese: 我左眼见到鬼; traditional Chinese: 我左眼見到鬼) is a 2002 Hong Kong film produced and directed by Johnnie To and Wai Ka-Fai, and starring Sammi Cheng, Lau Ching-Wan, Lee San-San, and Cherrie Ying.	My Left Eye Sees Ghosts	Hong Kong
date of birth	Elie Mitri (born 26 January 1980) (Arabic; ايلي متري) is a Lebanese actor and writer and stand up comedian.	Elie Mitri	26 January 1980
date of birth	Kristian Meisingset (born 9 June 1981) is a Norwegian editor on culture in the conservative quarterly periodical Minerva.	Kristian Meisingset	1981
date of birth	Eric Zencey (born 1953) is an American author, and lecturer at The University of Vermont in Burlington, Vermont and Washington University in St. Louis.	Eric Zencey	1953
date of birth	César Barbosa (born 1954) is a Colombian biologist, ornithologist and botanist, specialising in the study of Fabaceae.	César Barbosa	1954
date of birth	Liang Zicheng (Chinese: 梁子成, born 18 March 1982) is a Chinese footballer who plays for Hong Kong First Division League club South China.	Liang Zicheng	18 March 1982
date of death	Giovan Giacomo Paleari Fratino (1520--1586), known as El Fratin or Il Fratino (``The Little Friar''), was a military engineer who served the Spanish Emperor Charles V, and then his son Philip II of Spain.	Giovan Giacomo Paleari Fratino	1586
date of death	Ruth Hill Useem (31 May 1915 -- 10 September 2003) was an American sociologist and anthropologist who introduced the concept of Third Culture Kid (TCK) to describe children who spent part of their developmental years in a foreign culture due to their parents' working abroad.	Ruth Hill Useem	10 September 2003
date of death	Philip Hewett (7 September 1799 in London -- 15 December 1879 in Binstead, Isle of Wight) was an English first-class cricketer associated with Cambridge University who was active in the 1820s.	Philip Hewett	15 December 1879
date of death	Sir Hormusjee Naorojee Mody (12 October 1838 -- 16 June 1911) was a successful Parsi businessman in Hong Kong.	Hormusjee Naorojee Mody	16 June 1911
date of death	Sidney Myer (born Simcha Myer Baevski (Russian: Симха Майер Баевский); 8 February 1878 -- 5 September 1934) was a Jewish-Australian businessman and philanthropist, best known for creating Myer, Australia's largest chain of department stores.	Sidney Myer	5 September 1934
date of death	Jean-Henri Pape, born as Johann Heinrich Pape and also known as Henry Pape (1 July 1789 -- 2 February 1875), was a distinguished French maker of pianos and harps in the early 19th century.	Jean-Henri Pape	2 February 1875
date of death	Flavius Timasius (died 396) was a general of the Roman Empire, a relative of the Empress Aelia Flaccilla, wife of Emperor Theodosius I (r. 379--395).	Timasius	396
date of death	Albert Thomas Dryer (1 March 1888 -- 11 April 1963) was an Australian medical doctor and supporter of Irish republicanism.	Albert Thomas Dryer	11 April 1963
date of death	Peter Lykke-Seest (26 September 1868 -- 4 February 1948) was a Norwegian poet, novelist, playwright, non-fiction writer, script writer and film director.	Peter Lykke-Seest	1948
date of death	Father Leo James English, C.Ss.R. (August 1907 -- 1997) was the Australian compiler and editor of two of among the first most widely used bilingual dictionaries in the Philippines.	Leo James English	1997
date of death	Dr. Clifford James Hemming FBPS FRSA (9 September 1909 -- 25 December 2007), better known as James Hemming, was a British child psychologist, educationalist and humanist.	James Hemming	25 December 2007
date of death	Ambrose McCarthy Patterson (29 June 1877 -- 26 December 1967) was a painter and printmaker.	Ambrose McCarthy Patterson	26 December 1967
date of death	David of Dinant (c. 1160 -- c. 1217) was a pantheistic philosopher.	David of Dinant	1217
date of death	Axel Perneczky (1 November 1945 -- 24 January 2009) was a renowned Hungarian neurosurgeon, who for the majority of his career, practised neurosurgery in Mainz in Germany.	Axel Perneczky	24 January 2009
date of death	Fred Markby (29 June 1892 -- 10 May 1952) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Fitzroy in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Fred Markby	10 May 1952
date of death	Grace S. Richmond (Pawtucket, Rhode Island, 1866 -- 1959) was an American writer.	Grace S. Richmond	1959
date of death	John Holles, 1st Duke of Newcastle-upon-Tyne , KG, PC (9 January 1662 -- 15 July 1711) was the son of the 3rd Earl of Clare and his wife Grace Pierrepont.	John Holles, 1st Duke of Newcastle	15 July 1711
date of death	Ernst Leberecht Wagner (12 March 1829 -- 10 February 1888) was a German pathologist who was a native of Dehlitz, a town in the Burgenlandkreis district of Saxony-Anhalt.	Ernst Leberecht Wagner	10 February 1888
date of death	Hiram G. Andrews (September 12, 1876 -- March 1968) was a Speaker of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives.	Hiram G. Andrews	March 1968
date of death	Thomas Semys (died 1603) was an English politician from Gloucester.	Thomas Semys	1603
date of death	Sir Edward Bayly, 1st Baronet (20 February 1684 -- 28 September 1741) was an Irish landowner and politician.	Edward Bayly	28 September 1741
date of death	Evan Enwerem died the next morning on 2 August 2007, at the National Hospital in Abuja at the age of 73.	Evan Enwerem	2 August 2007
date of death	Christmas Samuel (1674 -- 18 June 1764) was a Welsh Independent minister and writer.	Christmas Samuel	1764
date of death	John Stromberg (Prince Edward Island, Canada, 1853 - New York, 1902), was an American songwriter, composer, and conductor born in Canada of Swedish ancestry (name originally ``Stramborg'').	John Stromberg	1902
date of death	Rev. William Holmes Borders, Sr (1905--1993) was a civil rights activist and leader and pastor of Wheat Street Baptist Church in Atlanta, Georgia from 1937 to 1988.	William Holmes Borders	1993
date of death	Julius Buths (7 May 1851 -- 12 March 1920) was a German pianist, conductor and minor composer.	Julius Buths	12 March 1920
date of death	Martin Růžek, born Martin Erhard (23 September 1918 in Červený Kostelec -- 18 December 1995 in Prague) was a Czech actor.	Martin Růžek	18 December 1995
date of death	Iman Willem Falck (25 March 1736, Colombo - 6 February 1785, Colombo) was the 32nd Governor of Zeylan during the Dutch period in Ceylon.	Iman Willem Falck	6 February 1785
date of death	Heather Firbank (27 August 1888 -- 13 April 1954) was an English society woman, now known for her fine wardrobe of clothes kept at the Victoria and Albert Museum (V&A), London.	Heather Firbank	13 April 1954
date of death	Jean-Baptiste Auguste Liesch (18 August 1874 -- 13 March 1949) was a Luxembourgish liberal politician, writer, and civil servant.	Auguste Liesch	13 March 1949
date of death	Marie Bennigsen-Broxup (1944 -- 7 December 2012) was a leading European expert on the Caucasus and Central Asia, with particular emphasis on Muslim communities within these regions.	Marie Bennigsen-Broxup	7 December 2012
date of death	Moshe Shatzkes (Hebrew: משה שאצקס‎; 1881--1958) was a renowned rabbi, Talmudic scholar and noted genius, commonly known as the ``Lomzshe/Łomża Rov''.	Moshe Shatzkes	1958
date of death	Zara Cisco Brough (1919-1988), often spelled as Zara Ciscoe Brough, commonly referred to as Princess White Flower, was the daughter of Sarah Cisco Sullivan and the granddaughter of James Lemuel Cisco.	Zara Cisco Brough	1988
date of death	William Wolstenholme (24 February 1865 in Blackburn, Lancashire -- 23 July 1931 in London) was an English composer and organist.	William Wolstenholme	23 July 1931
date of death	George Edward Cotterill (28 July 1839 -- 2 June 1913) was an English cricketer active from 1858 to 1874 who played for Cambridgeshire, Sussex and Cambridge University.	George Edward Cotterill	2 June 1913
date of death	Bethel Coopwood (1827--1907) was a soldier in the Mexican--	Bethel Coopwood	1907
date of death	Daniello Concina (20 October 1687 -- 21 February 1756) was an Italian Dominican preacher, controversialist and theologian.	Daniello Concina	21 February 1756
date of death	Frederick Schoenfeld aka Fritz Schoenfeld (1810, Switzerland -- 21 April 1868, Richmond, Victoria), was a Swiss-born Australian artist, printmaker, lithographer and art teacher.	Frederick Schoenfeld	21 April 1868
date of death	Sebastiano Santi (1788--1866) was an Italian painter, active both in oil and frescoes.	Sebastiano Santi	1866
date of death	Thomas Howard, 5th Duke of Norfolk (9 March 1627 -- 13 December 1677) was an English noble.	Thomas Howard, 5th Duke of Norfolk	13 December 1677
date of death	Karl Aegerter (16 March 1888 -- 12 May 1969) was a prolific Swiss painter, draftsman, etcher, muralist, illustrator, designer and sculptor.	Karl Aegerter	12 May 1969
date of death	Nicholas Tufton, 3rd Earl of Thanet (7 August 1631 -- 24 November, 1679), styled Lord Tufton until 1664, was an English nobleman.	Nicholas Tufton, 3rd Earl of Thanet	24 November, 1679
date of death	Fang Zhaoling (Chinese: 方召麐, 17 January 1914 -- 20 February 2006) was a Chinese painter and calligrapher.	Fang Zhaoling	20 February 2006
date of death	Constantin Marin (27 February 1925 -- 1 January 2011) was a Romanian award-winning musician, conductor and composer.	Constantin Marin	1 January 2011
date of death	Jacob Pieter van Braam (Werkhoven, 27 October 1737 -- Zwolle, 16 July 1803) was a Dutch admiral.	Jacob Pieter van Braam	16 July 1803
date of death	Charles Kingsley (12 June 1819 -- 23 January 1875) was a broad church priest of the Church of England, a university professor, historian and novelist.	Charles Kingsley	23 January 1875
date of death	Fred Hartley (1905--1980) was a Scottish pianist, conductor and composer of light music best known for his waltz Rouge et Noir.	Fred Hartley	1980
date of death	Dagobert I (c. 603 -- 19 January 639) was the king of Austrasia (623--634), king of all the Franks (629--634), and king of Neustria and Burgundy (629--639).	Dagobert I	19 January 639
date of death	Robert Barnewall, 12th Baron Trimlestown (c.1704 -- 6 December 1779) was a prominent Anglo-Irish landowner, active in the Roman Catholic cause.	Robert Barnewall, 12th Baron Trimlestown	6 December 1779
date of death	Around 208 CE, when Liu Biao was critically ill and was dying, Cai Mao prevented Liu Biao's elder son, Liu Qi, from seeing his father because he and his sister favoured Liu Biao's younger son, Liu Cong.	Cai Mao	208
date of death	Major Wanda Gertz (13 April 1896 -- 10 November 1958) was a Polish soldier who served in the Polish Legion during World War I while masquerading as a man, under the name ``Kazimierz 'Kazik' Zuchowicz''.	Wanda Gertz	10 November 1958
date of death	Paval Zhauryd (1889 in Žaǔryd -- 1939 in Belarusian: Павал Жаўрыд) was a Belarusian military commander.	Paval Zhauryd	1939
date of death	Sir Roger Fiennes (ca. 1384 -- ca. 1449) was an English Knight, Sheriff of Surrey and Sussex, and builder of Herstmonceux Castle.	Roger Fiennes	1449
date of death	James Douglas, 14th Earl of Morton KT PRS (1702 -- 12 October 1768) was a Scottish astronomer and representative peer who was President of the Philosophical Society of Edinburgh from its foundation in 1737 until his death.	James Douglas, 14th Earl of Morton	12 October 1768
date of death	Emperor Yohannes III (c. 1797 -- c. 1873) was the last of the elder ``Gondar'' line of the Solomonic dynasty to reign over Ethiopia.	Yohannes III	1873
date of death	Mrs. John Wood (6 November 1831 (bap. 28 November), Liverpool -- 11 January 1915, Birchington-on-Sea), born Matilda Charlotte Vining, was an English actress and theatre manager.	Mrs. John Wood	11 January 1915
date of death	Frederick Johann Weber (March 4, 1881 -- 1967) was an Austrian-American photographer based in Jamaica, Queens.	Frederick Johann Weber	1967
date of death	James Jefferys (19 May 1751 -- 31 January 1784) was a British engraver and painter.	James Jefferys	31 January 1784
date of death	Anne Bannister (11 May 1936 -- 26 March 2015) was a British child psychotherapist, a pioneer in using stories, toys and puppets to work with victims of child abuse.	Anne Bannister	26 March 2015
date of death	Roberto Porta (7 June 1913 -- 2 January 1984) was Uruguayan footballer.	Roberto Porta	2 January 1984
date of death	Tadeusz Wojciech Maklakiewicz, born 20 October 1922, Mszczonów -- 24 March 1996, Warsaw, was a Polish composer, music educator, activist and jurist.	Tadeusz Wojciech Maklakiewicz	24 March 1996
date of death	Francis Mary of the Cross Jordan, S.D.S. (16 June 1848 -- 8 September 1918), was a German Catholic priest and the founder of the Society of the Divine Savior, commonly called the Salvatorians.	Francis Mary of the Cross Jordan	8 September 1918
date of death	Hugh Christie OBE (died 1962) was an English farmer and educator.	Hugh Christie	1962
date of death	Louie René (c. 1872 - 9 March 1955) was an English singer and actress best remembered for her performances with the D'Oyly Carte Opera Company in the Gilbert and Sullivan contralto roles at the turn of the 20th century.	Louie René	1955
date of death	Abram Robertson Byram (died 1893) was an alderman and mayor of Brisbane Municipal Council, Queensland, Australia.	Abram Robertson Byram	1893
date of death	John Alexander Fladgate (1 January 1809 - 12 December 1901), was a port wine merchant.	John Alexander Fladgate	12 December 1901
date of death	Peire Pelet (died 1303) was the conseigneur of Alès in the Languedoc.	Peire Pelet	1303
date of death	Cui Zhaowei (崔昭緯) (d. 896), courtesy name Yunyao (蘊曜), was an official of the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty, serving as a chancellor during the reign of Emperor Zhaozong.	Cui Zhaowei	896
date of death	Heinz Warneke (June 30, 1895 -- 1983) American sculptor, best remembered as an animalier.	Heinz Warneke	1983
date of death	Muqtida Hasan Nida Fazli, known as Nida Fazli (12 October 1938 -- 8 February 2016), was an Indian Hindi and Urdu poet, lyricist and dialogue writer.	Nida Fazli	8 February 2016
date of death	Odinigwe Benedict Chukwukadibia Bonaventure Enwonwu (14 July 1917 -- 5 February 1994) was a premier African modernist and a pioneer who is better known as Ben Enwonwu.	Ben Enwonwu	5 February 1994
date of death	Peter Metge (c. 1740 -- 1809) was an Irish politician and judge; he was a colourful character noted for his fondness for dueling.	Peter Metge	1809
date of death	Odd Sannes (3 August 1922 -- 24 March 1999) was a Norwegian Olympic sport shooter and World Champion.	Odd Sannes	24 March 1999
date of death	Edgar Innes Fripp (27 November 1861 -- 9 November 1931) was a Unitarian minister and English antiquarian who specialized in Shakespearean research in the archives of Stratford-upon-Avon, and the father of the artist Paul Fripp.	Edgar Innes Fripp	9 November 1931
date of death	Axel Strøby Jacobsen (22 February 1928 -- 12 July 2005), known as Axel Strøbye was a Danish stage and film actor.	Axel Strøbye	12 July 2005
date of death	William Screven (c. 1629 -- 1713) was a 17th-century Reformed Baptist church planter and preacher from England who founded the first Baptist church in the South.	William Screven	1713
date of death	Charles La Tourasse (b. 1630--38 France -- d. 9 October 1696 Nova Scotia) was a sergeant in the French garrison at the time of the Battle of Port Royal.	Charles La Tourasse	9 October 1696
date of death	Ng Ming-yam (Chinese: 吳明欽; 1955 -- 22 June 1992) was a Hong Kong politician and writer.	Ng Ming-yam	22 June 1992
date of death	Katharina Paldauf (born about 1625 in Fürstenfeld; died probably 23 September 1675), born Fondell, was the wife of the keeper of the Riegersburg Castle and the most prominent victim of the Great Witch trial of Feldbach (1673--1675).	Katharina Paldauf	23 September 1675
date of death	Thornton T. Munger (1883 -- 1975) was a pioneering research scientist for the U.S. Forest Service in the Pacific Northwest, known for founding research operations at the Wind River Experimental Forest.	Thornton T. Munger	1975
date of death	İbrahim Bilgen (2 March 1949 -- 31 May 2010) was a Turkish politician, electrical engineer and activist.	İbrahim Bilgen	31 May 2010
date of death	Robert Benfield (died July 1649) was a seventeenth-century actor, noted for his longtime membership in the King's Men in the years and decades after William Shakespeare's retirement and death.	Robert Benfield	1649
date of death	Francis North, 1st Baron Guilford PC KC(22 October 1637-- 5 September 1685) was the third son of Dudley, 4th Baron North, and Anne Montagu, and was created Baron Guilford in 1683, after becoming Lord Keeper of the Great Seal in succession to Lord Nottingham.	Francis North, 1st Baron Guilford	1685
date of death	Richard Dagley (?--1841) was an English subject painter.	Richard Dagley	1841
date of death	Phillip Anthony Crockett (23 August 1945 -- 30 June 2008) was a Welsh Anglican Bishop of Bangor from 2004 until his death from prostate cancer in 2008.	Anthony Crockett	2008
date of death	Akira Mikazuki (1921 - 14 November 2010) was former justice minister of Japan and Professor Emeritus of Tokyo University.	Akira Mikazuki	14 November 2010
date of death	James Clemmer (d. 1942) was a vaudeville and movie theater manager at the film industry's start in the Pacific Northwest of the United States.	James Clemmer	1942
date of death	Daphne Rye (1916 -- 10 November 1992) was a director, actress and casting director.	Daphne Rye	10 November 1992
date of death	Nipper Pat Daly, real name Patrick Clifford Daley (17 February 1913 -- 25 September 1988), was a British boxer who fought professionally between 1923 and 1931.	Nipper Pat Daly	25 September 1988
date of death	Jan Wojnowski (23 December 1946 in Torzewo - 9 February 1990 in Bydgoszcz) was a Polish weightlifter.	Jan Wojnowski	9 February 1990
date of death	Wal Bamford (1916--1985) was a rugby league player in the Australian competition, the New South Wales Rugby League.	Wal Bamford	1985
date of death	Stevie Plunder, born as Anthony Hayes (July/August 1963 -- 26 January 1996), was an Australian guitarist and singer-songwriter.	Stevie Plunder	26 January 1996
date of death	John Cecil Clay, 1875-1930, was an American illustrator known for genre and caricature paintings.	John Cecil Clay	1930
date of death	John Brooke, 1st Baron Cobham (died 1660) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1614 and 1643.	John Brooke, 1st Baron Cobham	1660
date of death	Sir Clement Clerke, 1st Baronet (died 1693) was an important (but financially unsuccessful) English entrepreneur, whose greatest achievement was the application of the reverberatory furnace (cupola) to smelting lead and copper, and to remelting pig iron for foundry purposes.	Clement Clerke	1693
date of death	Robert Frederic Cox (1905--1985) was a British singer, composer and music educator.	Frederic Cox	1985
date of death	Nils Löfgren (1913--1967) was a Swedish chemist who developed the anaesthetic Lidocaine (under the name Xylocaine) in 1943.	Nils Löfgren	1967
date of death	Lieutenant-Colonel Richard de Villamil (1850--1936) was a British army officer and physicist, who wrote a biography of Isaac Newton.	Richard de Villamil	1936
date of death	Guy Kingsley Poynter, also known as Guy Kingsley (3 September 1915 -- 6 September 1983), was an American actor.	Guy Kingsley Poynter	6 September 1983
date of death	William Cattley (1788 -- 8 August 1835) was an international merchant and horticulturist.	William Cattley	8 August 1835
date of death	Francis Fauquier (1703 -- 3 March 1768) was a Lieutenant Governor of Virginia Colony (in what is today the United States), and served as acting governor from 1758 until his death in 1768.	Francis Fauquier	3 March 1768
date of death	Eduard Caudella (22 May (or 3 June) 1841 -- 15 April 1924) was a Romanian opera composer, also a violin virtuoso, conductor, teacher and critic.	Eduard Caudella	15 April 1924
date of death	Abdulkareem Adisa died in a London hospital in February 2005 from injuries sustained in a car accident.	Abdulkareem Adisa	February 2005
date of death	Lorinda Munson Bryant (21 March 1855 − 13 December 1933) was a writer and educator.	Lorinda Munson Bryant	13 December 1933
date of death	Otto I, Margrave of Hachberg-Sausenberg (1302--1384) was a member of the House of Zähringen.	Otto I, Margrave of Hachberg-Sausenberg	1384
date of death	John Buonarotti Papworth (London 24 January 1775 -- 16 June 1847 Little Paxton, Huntingdonshire) was a prolific architect, artist and a founder member of the Royal Institute of British Architects.	John Buonarotti Papworth	16 June 1847
date of death	Sir John Edward Kynaston Studd, 1st Baronet OBE (26 July 1858 -- 14 January 1944), known as ``JEK'', was a British cricketer, businessman and Lord Mayor of London.	Kynaston Studd	14 January 1944
date of death	Bernard Lefebvre (27 March 1906 - 30 November 1992), known as Ellebé, was a French photographer.	Bernard Lefebvre	30 November 1992
date of death	Elizabeth Russell, Duchess of Bedford VA (née Sackville-West; 23 September 1818 -- 22 April 1897) was born the daughter of the 5th Earl De La Warr and his wife Lady Elizabeth Sackville.	Elizabeth Russell, Duchess of Bedford	22 April 1897
date of death	Clemens Blume (31 January 1862 Billerbeck - 1932) was a Jesuit hymnologist.	Clemens Blume	1932
date of death	Sengalipuram Anantarama Dikshitar (Tamil: செங்களிபுரம் அனந்தராம தீட்சிதர்; 2 August 1903 -- 30 October 1969) was a Śrauti scholar and also was a great exponent of the art of upanyasas (discourses) on various subjects in Hinduism.	Sengalipuram Anantarama Dikshitar	30 October 1969
date of death	Rawdon Briggs Lee (9 July 1845 -- 29 February 1908) was an English dog breeder and writer on dogs.	Rawdon Briggs Lee	1908
date of death	Manasseh Dawes (died 1829) was an English barrister and miscellaneous writer.	Manasseh Dawes	1829
date of death	Odhise Paskali (22 December 1903 -- 13 September 1985) is one of the most acclaimed Albanian sculptors.	Odhise Paskali	13 September 1985
date of death	Eleanor Hudson, known professionally as Erlund Hudson, (18 February 1912 - 9 March 2011), was a watercolourist, etcher and designer best known for her depictions of women at work during the Second World War and her post-war paintings of ballet dancers.	Erlund Hudson	9 March 2011
date of death	Sir William Parkyns or Perkins (1649?--1696) was an English lawyer and Jacobite conspirator, executed for high treason.	William Parkyns	1696
date of death	John Elphinstone, 2nd Lord Balmerino (died 1649) was a Scottish aristocrat, convicted in a celebrated trial of the 1630s which became a crux of the religious issue of the time.	John Elphinstone, 2nd Lord Balmerino	1649
date of death	Aderald (died 1004) was a canon and archdeacon of Troyes, France, when he led a pilgrimage to the Holy Land.	Aderald	1004
date of death	Frederic Crowninshield (1845--1918) was an American artist and author.	Frederic Crowninshield	1918
date of death	Philip Frederick Mayer (1 April 1781, in New York City - 16 April 1858, in Philadelphia) was a United States Lutheran clergyman.	Philip Frederick Mayer	16 April 1858
date of death	Maximilian of Hesse-Kassel (28 May 1689, Marburg -- 8 May 1753, Kassel) was a prince of Hesse-Kassel and a Generalfeldzeugmeister, Generalfeldmarschall and finally Reichsgeneralfeldmarschall in the army of the Holy Roman Empire.	Maximilian of Hesse-Kassel	8 May 1753
date of death	Emicho I, Count of Nassau-Hadamar (also known as Emich, first mentioned in 1289, died on 7 June 1334), was the second son of Count Otto I of Nassau and his wife Agnes (d. 1303), the daughter of Count Emich IV of Leiningen-Landeck.	Emicho I, Count of Nassau-Hadamar	7 June 1334
date of death	Thornton Chase died on 30 September 1912 in Los Angeles, of complications following unsuccessful surgery.	Thornton Chase	30 September 1912
date of death	Ruth Pine Furniss (1893 -- 1957), was an American writer who published several short stories and novels.	Ruth Pine Furniss	1957
date of death	Carl Wilhelm Hugo Schnars-Alquist (29 October 1855 - 20 August 1939) was a German art collector and painter of maritime scenes.	Hugo Schnars-Alquist	20 August 1939
date of death	Andreas Tscherning (18 November 1611 -- 27 September 1659) was a German poet, hymn writer and literary theorist in the tradition of Martin Opitz.	Andreas Tscherning	27 September 1659
date of death	Emily Farmer (25 July 1826, London - 8 May 1905, Portchester, Hampshire) was an English watercolour painter.	Emily Farmer	8 May 1905
date of death	Rebecca Cox Jackson (1795--1871) was an African-American free woman, best known for her religious activism and for her autobiography.	Rebecca Cox Jackson	1871
date of death	Muiredach mac Ainbcellaig was king of the Cenél Loairn, and of Dál Riata (modern western Scotland), from about 733 until 736.	Muiredach mac Ainbcellaig	736
date of death	Franz Burri (1901--1987) was a Swiss political figure who, from his base in Germany, became the leading disseminater of Nazi propaganda in the country.	Franz Burri	1987
date of death	Kiowa Costonie led an adventurous, busy life helping those in need until his death in 1971.	Kiowa Costonie	1971
date of death	Magnus I, Duke of Mecklenburg (1345 -- 1 September 1384) was Duke of Mecklenburg from 1383 until his death.	Magnus I, Duke of Mecklenburg	1384
date of death	Jack Donahue (1804 -- 1 September 1830) was a bushranger in Australia between 1825 and 1830.	Jack Donahue	1 September 1830
date of death	Harry Hutchens (born Henry Hutchins, 1858 -- 2 January 1939) was a professional British runner.	Harry Hutchens	2 January 1939
date of death	Kate Mason Rowland (22 June 1840--28 June 1916) was an American author, historian, genealogist, biographer, editor and historic preservationist.	Kate Mason Rowland	28 June 1916
date of death	Henry Barley or Barlee (1487 -- 12 November 1529), of Albury, Hertfordshire, was a Member of Parliament during the Tudor period.	Henry Barley	12 November 1529
date of death	Samuel James Kitson (1848--1906) was a fine arts sculptor active in the United States from about 1876 to 1906.	Samuel James Kitson	1906
date of death	Robert Logan Jack (16 September 1845 -- 6 November 1921) was Queensland government geologist for twenty years.	Robert Logan Jack	6 November 1921
date of death	Mir Ghaus Bakhsh Bizenjo died on 11 August 1989.	Ghaus Bakhsh Bizenjo	11 August 1989
date of death	Pyotr Romanovich Bagration (Russian: Пётр Рома́нович Багратио́н; 24 September 1818 -- 17 January 1876), the son of general Prince Roman Bagration, was a Russian-Georgian statesman, general and scientist who invented the first dry galvanic cell.	Pyotr Romanovich Bagration	17 January 1876
date of death	Jiang Wei (202--264), courtesy name Boyue, was a military general and regent of the state of Shu Han during the Three Kingdoms period.	Jiang Wei	264
date of death	Johann Zwelfer (1618--1668) was a German chemist, pharmacist and physician.	Johann Zwelfer	1668
date of death	Jacob ben Ephraim (died in Lublin 1648) was a Polish rabbi.	Jacob ben Ephraim	1648
date of death	Lebo Mathosa (17 July 1977 - 23 October 2006) was a popular South African kwaito singer.	Lebo Mathosa	23 October 2006
date of death	Francesco Magini (Fano, between 1668 and 1670 -- 1714) was a minor Italian composer active in Rome in the first decade of the eighteenth century.	Francesco Magini	1714
date of death	Admiral Sir Richard Spry (1715-- 25 November 1775) was a Royal Navy officer who served as Commander-in-Chief, North American Station.	Richard Spry	25 November 1775
date of death	Angelo Pietrasanta (1837 --1876) was an Italian painter, mainly of historical canvases.	Angelo Pietrasanta	1876
date of death	Ieng Thirith (née Khieu; Khmer: អៀង ធីរិទ្ធ; 10 March 1932 -- 22 August 2015) was an influential figure in the Khmer Rouge, although she was neither a member of the Khmer Rouge Standing Committee nor of the Central Committee.	Ieng Thirith	22 August 2015
date of death	John Henry Dearle or J. H. Dearle (London 1859 -- 15 January 1932) was a British textile and stained-glass designer trained by the artist and craftsman William Morris who was much influenced by the Pre-Raphaelite Brotherhood.	John Henry Dearle	15 January 1932
date of death	Kalle Nämdeman (1883--1945) was the stage name of Karl Gustafsson, a Swedish songwriter, performer and recording artist.	Kalle Nämdeman	1945
date of death	Thomas Gatacre (by 1533-1593) was an English politician and cleric.	Thomas Gatacre	1593
date of death	Edgar Smith Wigg (7 June 1818 -- 15 October 1899) was an Adelaide, South Australian bookseller and stationer, founder of the firm E. S. Wigg and Son.	Edgar Smith Wigg	15 October 1899
date of death	Marc Mortier (9 December 1948 -- 3 May 2004) was CEO of Flanders Expo from its foundation in 1986 to 2002.	Marc Mortier	3 May 2004
date of death	Sam McAughtry (24 March 1921 -- 28 March 2014) was a Northern Irish writer and broadcaster.	Sam McAughtry	28 March 2014
date of death	Joff Ellen (20 May 1915 -- 30 December 1999) (real name Raymond Charles Ellen) was an Australian entertainer, actor and comedian.	Joff Ellen	30 December 1999
date of death	John Hicks Adams (1820--1878) was an American 49er of the California Gold Rush, and Sheriff of Santa Clara County between February 6, 1864 and 1870, then again between 1871 and 1875.	John Hicks Adams	1878
date of death	Nyimpine Chissano (1970 -- 19 November 2007) was the eldest son of former Mozambican president Joaquim Chissano.	Nyimpine Chissano	19 November 2007
date of death	Thomas Edward Cliffe Leslie (21 June 1825 -- 27 January 1882) was an Irish jurist and economist.	Thomas Edward Cliffe Leslie	27 January 1882
date of death	Wolfgang Paul (10 August 1913 -- 7 December 1993) was a German physicist, who co-developed the non-magnetic quadrupole mass filter which laid the foundation for what we now call an ion trap.	Wolfgang Paul	7 December 1993
date of death	Hans von Obstfelder (6 September 1886 -- 20 December 1976) was a German general of infantry, serving during World War II. He was also a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves and Swords awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership.	Hans von Obstfelder	20 December 1976
date of death	Charlie Longhurst (8 April 1911 -- 12 February 1970) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Charlie Longhurst	12 February 1970
date of death	Bernie Treweek (27 September 1914 -- 27 November 1957) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton and Fitzroy in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Bernie Treweek	27 November 1957
date of death	Thomas Marsham (died 1819) was an English entomologist, specializing on beetles.	Thomas Marsham	1819
date of death	Matthew Baird (1817--1877) was one of the early partners in the Baldwin Locomotive Works.	Matthew Baird	1877
date of death	Robert Hewitt Barker (1887 -- 14 February 1961) was a British textile mill owner.	Robert Hewitt Barker	14 February 1961
date of death	Cairell mac Muiredaig Muinderg (died 532) also Cairell Coscrach (``victorious'') was a king of Ulaid from the Dal Fiatach.	Cairell mac Muiredaig Muinderg	532
date of death	Hubert Leitgeb (31 October 1965 -- 4 February 2012) was an Italian biathlete.	Hubert Leitgeb	4 February 2012
date of death	Frank Kennedy (31 July 1920 -- 27 December 1990) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Frank Kennedy	27 December 1990
date of death	Joseph Sedgwick, CC, QC (24 November 1898 -- 27 December 1981) was a Canadian lawyer.	Joseph Sedgwick	27 December 1981
date of death	Flying Childers stood as a private stallion at the Duke's Chatsworth estate in Derbyshire, until his death in 1741 at age 26.	Flying Childers	1741
date of death	Lila Meade Valentine (February 4, 1865 -- July 14, 1921) was an American educational reformer and a participant in the woman's suffrage movement.	Lila Meade Valentine	1921
date of death	Derek Austin (11 August 1921 -- 22 May 2001) was a librarian and an author.	Derek Austin	22 May 2001
date of death	Hugh Merewether (20 May 1924 in South Africa -- 13 September 2006) was a British test pilot who pioneered the vertical and short take-off and landing (V/STOL) techniques that led to the development of the Hawker Siddeley Harrier.	Hugh Merewether	13 September 2006
date of death	Richard St John Tyrwhitt (1827--1895) was an English cleric and academic, known as a writer on art.	Richard St John Tyrwhitt	1895
date of death	Dinos Iliopoulos (Greek: Ντίνος Ηλιόπουλος; 12 June 1915 -- 6 June 2001) was a Greek actor.	Dinos Iliopoulos	6 June 2001
date of death	Joe Oakley (28 January 1914 -- 8 December 1980) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Essendon in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Joe Oakley	8 December 1980
date of death	Erik Kristen-Johanssen (13 March 1901 -- 30 January 1976) was a Norwegian jurist and theatre director.	Erik Kristen-Johanssen	30 January 1976
date of death	Marietta Pallis (1882--1963) was a Greek-Briton ecologist and botanical artist.	Marietta Pallis	1963
date of death	Basil Collier (1908 -- 1983), full name John Basil Collier, was a British author of books of military history, particularly military aviation and World War II, and military and political strategy.	Basil Collier	1983
date of death	Sicco Polenton (Italian pronunciation: (ˈsikko polenˈtɔn; -ton); 1375--1447) was an Italian jurist, Neolatin author, and Renaissance humanist.	Sicco Polenton	1447
date of death	When he died in Luxembourg City on 5 February 1975, Tissen left an extensive collection of paintings and other artistic artifacts, most of which are presented in the commemorative book Rétrospective Foni Tissen 100 Joer.	Foni Tissen	5 February 1975
date of death	Lucius Vipstanus Claudius Poplicola Messalla (c. 105 -- aft. 140) was a sal.	Lucius Vipstanus Claudius Poplicola Messalla	140
date of death	Peter Hollander Ridder (1608--1692) was the governor of the Swedish colony of New Sweden from 1640 until 1643.	Peter Hollander Ridder	1692
date of death	Saint Margaret of Fontana (1440 - 1513) was a Dominican of the Third Order and is a Roman Catholic saint.	Saint Margaret of Fontana	1513
date of death	Christian Eric Fahlcrantz, (30 August 1780 -- 6 August 1866), Swedish author, was born at Stora Tuna in Dalarna.	Christian Eric Fahlcrantz	6 August 1866
date of death	Bridget Barrett (died 10 September 1845) was an Irish murder victim.	Bridget Barrett	10 September 1845
date of death	Henry Howard, 2nd Earl of Effingham DL (23 August 1806 -- 5 February 1889), styled Lord Howard of Effingham from 1837 to 1845, was a British peer and Member of Parliament.	Henry Howard, 2nd Earl of Effingham	5 February 1889
date of death	Carl Axel Løvenskiold (13 January 1912 -- 28 September 1980) was a Norwegian landowner and painter.	Axel Løvenskiold	28 September 1980
date of death	Hugh Exton (26 March 1864 Western Cape - 1955) was a South African self-taught photographer noted for creating more than 23000 glass slides during his career spanning 1892 to 1945, and preserved at the Hugh Exton Photographic Museum, a former Dutch Reformed church built in Pietersburg in the 1890s.	Hugh Exton	1955
date of death	Roustam Raza, also known as Roustan or Rustam (1783 -- 7 December 1845), was Napoleon's mamluk bodyguard.	Roustam Raza	7 December 1845
date of death	Josiah Merritt (? - 1882), sometimes known as ``Uncle Si'' was an early pioneer of the Pacific Northwest.	Josiah Merritt	1882
date of death	Philip Edward MacKenzie, P. E. MacKenzie (January 9, 1872 -- May 1946), joined the firm McCraney & Hutchinson in 1909 as barrister which then became, McCraney, McKenzie and Hutchinson.	P. E. MacKenzie	May 1946
date of death	Sir Peter Manwood (1571 -- 1625) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1589 and 1621.	Peter Manwood	1625
date of death	Zeferino Nandayapa (born 26 August 1931, Copainalá -- died 28 December 2010, Tlalnepantla) was a Mexican folk and classical marimba player.	Zeferino Nandayapa	28 December 2010
date of death	Ole Borge (4 May 1916 -- 24 May 1995) was a Norwegian jurist and resistance member during World War II. He was born in Kristiania.	Ole Borge	24 May 1995
date of death	Hugh Stowell Brown (10 August 1823 -- 24 February 1886) was a Manx Christian minister and renowned preacher.	Hugh Stowell Brown	24 February 1886
date of death	Mary Crawford Fraser (April 8, 1851 -- 1922), usually known as Mrs. Hugh Fraser, was a writer noted for her various memoirs and historical novels.	Mary Crawford Fraser	1922
date of death	General Sir Henry Finnis KCB, MC (21 April 1890 -- 31 May 1945) was a British officer in the Indian Army.	Henry Finnis	31 May 1945
date of death	Frederick George Scott (7 April 1861 -- 19 January 1944) was a Canadian poet and author, known as the Poet of the Laurentians.	Frederick George Scott	19 January 1944
date of death	Wilfred Barber, known as Wilf Barber (18 April 1901 -- 10 September 1968), was a professional first-class cricketer who played for Yorkshire County Cricket Club from 1926 to 1947.	Wilf Barber	10 September 1968
date of death	Trần Văn Cẩn (Kiến An, now part of Hải Phòng city, 13 August 1910 -- 1994) was a Vietnamese painter.	Trần Văn Cẩn	1994
date of death	Andreas Hofgaard Winsnes (25 October 1889 -- 9 July 1972) was a Norwegian literary historian and historian of ideas.	Andreas Hofgaard Winsnes	9 July 1972
date of death	Arsène Herbinier (1869 -- before 1955 Paris) was a French lithograph artist.	Arsène Herbinier	1955
date of death	Rudolf F. Haffenreffer III (c. 1902 -- April 28, 1991) was a Rhode Island industrialist and philanthropist.	Rudolf F. Haffenreffer	1991
date of death	Ján Móry (or Johann Mory) (10 July 1892 -- 5 May 1978) was a Slovak composer and pedagogue also known under pseudonym H. Tschirmer.	Ján Móry	5 May 1978
date of death	Nathaniel Clements, 2nd Earl of Leitrim, KP PC (Ire) (9 May 1768 -- 31 December 1854), styled The Honourable from 1783 to 1795, and then Viscount Clements to 1804, was an Irish nobleman and politician.	Nathaniel Clements, 2nd Earl of Leitrim	31 December 1854
date of death	Libero Liberati (20 September 1926 -- 5 March 1962) was an Italian motorcycle racer and the 1957 500cc Grand Prix World Champion.	Libero Liberati	5 March 1962
date of death	Albert Beresford Horsley CBE, QC (2 January 1880 -- 19 November 1923) was an English cricketer.	Beresford Horsley	19 November 1923
date of death	Lina Franziska Fehrmann (born in Dresden on 11 October 1900; died 10 June 1950) was an artist model generally called Fränzi and associated to Die Brücke.	Lina Franziska Fehrmann	10 June 1950
date of death	Khem Shahani died on 6 July 2001 while on a speaking tour in Sicily (Italy).	Khem Shahani	6 July 2001
date of death	Muriel Stuart (1885, Norbury, South London -- 18 December 1967), born Muriel Stuart Irwin, was a poet, the daughter of a Scottish barrister.	Muriel Stuart	1967
date of death	Lewis Morris Wilkins (ca 1768 -- January 3, 1848) was a lawyer, judge and political figure in Nova Scotia.	Lewis Morris Wilkins	1848
date of death	Pyotr Yegorovich Chistyakov (1790 -- 21 January 1862) was a Russian explorer, chief manager of the Russian-American Company and admiral.	Pyotr Yegorovich Chistyakov	21 January 1862
date of death	Pierre-Antoine Bellangé (1757--1827) was a French ébéniste (cabinetmaker) working in Paris.	Pierre-Antoine Bellangé	1827
date of death	Liu Qubei (Chinese: 劉去卑; pinyin: Liú Qùbēi), (died 272) was a Tiefu Hun (Ch. Xiongnu) chieftain from 260 to 272.	Liu Qubei	272
date of death	Safi Lakhnavi (Urdu: صفی لکھنوی, Hindi: सफ़ी लखनवी pronunciation ), born Syed Ali Naqi Zaidi (January 2, 1862--1950), was a prominent Urdu poet.	Safi Lakhnavi	1950
date of death	Sir Gerald Wills, MBE (3 October 1905 -- 31 October 1969) was a British barrister and politician who was Member of Parliament for Bridgwater from 1950 until his death.	Gerald Wills	31 October 1969
date of death	Xia Gui (Chinese: 夏圭 or 夏珪; Wade--Giles: Hsia Kui; fl. 1195--1224), courtesy name Yuyu (禹玉), was a Chinese landscape painter of the Song dynasty.	Xia Gui	1224
date of death	Lady Clare Rendlesham (died 1987) was a British fashion editor and boutique manager.	Clare Rendlesham	1987
date of death	John Frederick Smith (1806-1890) was a popular English novelist, who has been called ``England's most popular novelist of the mid-nineteenth century''.	John Frederick Smith	1890
date of death	Charles Bathurst, 1st Viscount Bledisloe GCMG KBE PC (21 September 1867 -- 3 July 1958), was a British Conservative politician and colonial governor.	Charles Bathurst, 1st Viscount Bledisloe	3 July 1958
date of death	T. V. Sadasiva Pandarathar (Tamil: தி. வை. சதாசிவ பண்டாரத்தார் 15 August 1892 - 2 January 1960) was a Tamil historian from Tamil Nadu, India.	T. V. Sadasiva Pandarathar	2 January 1960
date of death	Mary Lacy (born circa 1740, died 1801) was a British sailor, shipwright and memoirist.	Mary Lacy	1801
date of death	Alexander John Goodrum (1960--2002) was an internationally known African-American transgender civil rights activist, writer, and educator.	Alexander John Goodrum	2002
date of death	Oda of Metz (ca. 910 -- 10 Apr 963) was a German noblewoman.	Oda of Metz	963
date of death	Archibald Henderson died suddenly on 6 January 1859.	Archibald Henderson	6 January 1859
date of death	Moore Gwillim (died 1611), of Monmouth and Rockfield, Monmouthshire, was a Welsh politician.	Moore Gwillim	1611
date of death	M. V. Subbaiah Naidu (1896 - 21 July 1962) was an Indian stage artiste in the silent movies era.	Subbaiah Naidu	21 July 1962
date of death	Roland Vila (6 May 1949 -- 15 May 1998) was a Catalan/French author based in Sweden.	Roland Vila	15 May 1998
date of death	Nihat Nikerel (05 February 1950 -- 26 September 2009) was a Turkish actor, best known for his role in the crime drama series Kurtlar Vadisi.	Nihat Nikerel	26 September 2009
date of death	Dhimiter Çani (1904, Korçë, Manastir Vilayet, Ottoman Empire -- 1990) was an Albanian sculptor.	Dhimiter Çani	1990
date of death	Miervaldis Birze (born Augusts Miervaldis Bērziņš; 21 March 1921 -- 6 July 2000) was a Latvian writer, publicist, physician and Holocaust survivor.	Miervaldis Birze	6 July 2000
date of death	Neddy Lohan, Captain of Irish Whiteboys, died in 1820.	Neddy Lohan	1820
date of death	Thomas Penswick (1772--1836) was an English Roman Catholic bishop who served as the Vicar Apostolic of the Northern District from 1831 to 1836.	Thomas Penswick	1836
date of death	Jonas Zeuner (Kassel 1727--1814), was an artist and engraver.	Jonas Zeuner	1814
date of death	Stafford Allen (1806 -- 14 October 1889) was a British industrialist, abolitionist, Quaker and philanthropist.	Stafford Allen	14 October 1889
date of death	John H. Mercer (Cheltenham, England, 19 October 1922 -- Columbus, Ohio 3 July 1987) was a glaciologist, chiefly known for his theoretical work on, and field studies of Antarctic ice streams, especially in the Transantarctic Mountains and in West Antarctica.	John H. Mercer	3 July 1987
date of death	Giorgio Vladagni (Latin: Georgius Vladagnus, Albanian: Gjergj Vladanji, Serbo-Croatian: Đorđe Vladanji; 1712-1765) was an Albanian prelate of the Roman Catholic Church.	Giorgio Vladagni	1765
date of death	James Thomas Law (1790--1876) was an English cleric, the chancellor of the diocese of Lichfield from 1821.	James Thomas Law	1876
date of death	Sir William Button, 1st Baronet (1584 -- 16 January 1655) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1614 and 1629.	Sir William Button, 1st Baronet	16 January 1655
date of death	Pino Mlakar ( pronunciation ) (2 March 1907 -- 30 September 2006) was a Slovenian ballet dancer, choreographer, and teacher.	Pino Mlakar	30 September 2006
date of death	Cajetan von Textor (28 December 1782 -- 7 August 1860) was a German surgeon born in the Ebersberg district of Upper Bavaria.	Cajetan von Textor	7 August 1860
date of death	Basil Milovsoroff (1906-1992) was an accomplished Russian-American puppeteer.	Basil Milovsoroff	1992
date of death	Andrew Fountaine (7 December 1918 -- 14 September 1997) was an activist involved in the British far right.	Andrew Fountaine	14 September 1997
date of death	Fred Knee (1868 - 1914) was a British trade unionist and socialist politician.	Fred Knee	1914
date of death	Jorge del Moral Ugarte (Mexico City, 23 December 1900 - 1941) was a Mexican concert pianist and songwriter.	Jorge del Moral	1941
date of death	Clay Huffman (1957--2001) was a multi-medium artist, most well known for his vibrant, multicolored serigraphs of local roadside architecture.	Clay Huffman	2001
date of death	Henri Carette (1832--1891 in Paris) was a French politician.	Henri Carette	1891
date of death	Aimée Julie Cheron (née Jovin in Paris, 26 April 1821 -- c. 1890) was a French miniature painter.	Aimée Julie Cheron	1890
date of death	Nicola Chetta, (Arbërisht: Nikollë Keta; 1740? -- 1803) was an Arbëresh writer and priest.	Nicola Chetta	1803
date of death	Kostis Palamas (Greek: Κωστής Παλαμάς; 13 January (O.S. 8 January) 1859 -- 27 February 1943) was a Greek poet who wrote the words to the Olympic Hymn.	Kostis Palamas	27 February 1943
date of death	Walter Aston, 1st Lord Aston of Forfar (baptised 9 July 1584 -- 13 August 1639) was an English courtier and diplomat.	Walter Aston, 1st Lord Aston of Forfar	13 August 1639
date of death	William de Cornhill (or William of Cornhill; died 1223) was a medieval Bishop of Coventry.	William de Cornhill	1223
date of death	Sir John Stonhouse, 2nd Baronet (1601 -- 14 June 1632) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1628 to 1629.	Sir John Stonhouse, 2nd Baronet	14 June 1632
date of death	Chen Chang (陳昌) (537--560), courtesy name Jingye (敬業), formally Prince Xian of Hengyang (衡陽獻王), was an imperial prince of the Chinese dynasty Chen Dynasty.	Chen Chang	560
date of death	Zeynab bint Al-Harith (Arabic: زينب بنت الحارث‎; died 628) was a Jewish woman who lived in Khaybar, Arabia, in the early seventh century.	Zeynab bint Al-Harith	628
date of death	Andrzej Włast (aka Gustaw Baumritter) (17 March 1885 - 1942 or 1943) was a Polish Jewish songwriter.	Andrzej Włast	1942
date of death	William Ick (1800 -- 23 September 1844) was an English botanist and geologist.	William Ick	1844
date of death	Fredrik Lange-Nielsen (13 May 1891 -- 16 May 1980) was a Norwegian mathematician and insurance company manager.	Fredrik Lange-Nielsen	16 May 1980
date of death	Ernst Anton Henrik Sinding (8 December 1839 -- 11 January 1924) was a Norwegian school director.	Ernst Anton Henrik Sinding	11 January 1924
date of death	Anna Loginova (Russian: Анна Логинова, 3 September 1978 -- 27 January 2008) was a Russian fashion model and later a trained bodyguard.	Anna Loginova	27 January 2008
date of death	Sayyed Gholamreza Rouhani alias Ajjeneh (Persian: غلامرضا روحانی‎) 17 May 1897 to 29 August 1985, was an Iranian humorous poet.	Gholamreza Rouhani	29 August 1985
date of death	Reimond Stijns (Mullem, 10 May 1850 -- Sint-Jans-Molenbeek, 12 December 1905) was a Belgian writer.	Reimond Stijns	12 December 1905
date of death	José García Narezo (November 26, 1922 -- July 8, 1994) was a Mexican painter and a founding member of the Salón de la Plástica Mexicana.	José García Narezo	1994
date of death	Sancho Garcés III (Basque: Antso III.a Gartzez; c. 990 -- 18 October 1035), also known as Sancho III of Pamplona and nicknamed the Great, was King of Pamplona and Count of Aragon from 1004 until his death in 1035.	Sancho III of Pamplona	18 October 1035
date of death	Richard Mique (French pronunciation: ​(ʁiʃaːʁ mik)) (18 September 1728 -- 8 July 1794) was a neoclassical French architect born in Lorraine.	Richard Mique	8 July 1794
date of death	Blessed James Salomoni (Italian: Giacomo Salomoni; 1231--1314) was an Italian Dominican priest, ascetic, and mystic who is venerated as a beatus by the Catholic Church.	James Salomoni	1314
date of death	Thomas Shelmerdine (1845--1921) was an English architect who was appointed to the post of City Surveyor of Liverpool at the age of 26.	Thomas Shelmerdine	1921
date of death	Camill Heller (26 September 1823 -- 25 February 1917) was a zoologist and anatomist.	Camill Heller	25 February 1917
date of death	Hugues Cosnier was a French engineer who conceived of the Briare Canal who was born in Tours, 1573, and died in 1629.	Hugues Cosnier	1629
date of death	Joseph Stirling Coyne (1803--1868) was a humorist and satirist in the tradition of Jonathan Swift and Alexander Pope.	Joseph Stirling Coyne	1868
date of death	Major William M. Jones (b. Bear River, Nova Scotia, 1895 - d. Ontario, 1969) was a soldier of WW1 and WW2 who served with distinction with the Yugoslav Partisans.	William M. Jones	1969
date of death	Edward Bruce, 1st Lord Kinloss PC (1548 -- 14 January 1611) was a Scottish lawyer and judge.	Edward Bruce, 1st Lord Kinloss	14 January 1611
date of death	Torbjørn Sikkeland (3 August 1923 -- 7 November 2014) was a Norwegian chemist, nuclear physicist and radiation biophysicist.	Torbjørn Sikkeland	7 November 2014
date of death	Daniele Seccarecci (10 June 1980 -- 3 September 2013) was an Italian bodybuilder.	Daniele Seccarecci	3 September 2013
date of death	Manoug Parikian (15 September 1920 -- 24 December 1987) was a British concert violinist and violin professor of Armenian descent.	Manoug Parikian	24 December 1987
date of death	Mercy Hunter MBE (22 January 1910 -- 20 July 1989) was a Northern Irish artist, calligrapher and teacher.	Mercy Hunter	20 July 1989
date of death	Swaminarayan (IAST: Svāmīnārāyaṇa, 3 April 1781 -- 1 June 1830), also known as Sahajanand Swami, is the central figure in a modern sect of Hinduism known as the Swaminarayan Hinduism.	Swaminarayan	1 June 1830
date of death	Al-Mu'tadid I (Arabic: المعتضد بالله‎) was an Abbasid Caliph of Cairo, Egypt for the Mamluk Sultans between 1352 and 1362.	Al-Mu'tadid I	1362
date of death	Deva Raya II (r. 1425--1446 CE) was an emperor of the Vijayanagara Empire.	Deva Raya II	1446
date of death	Park Won-jong (korean:박원종;朴元宗,1467-1510) was a Korean Joseon Dynastys politician and soldier, served as Prime Minister or Chief State Councillor from 1506 to 1510 .	Park Won-jong	1510
date of death	Menahem Gnessin (1882--1952) was an early Jewish actor and Hebrew language instructor who created the Amateur Dramatic Arts Company in 1907 for presentation of plays in Hebrew.	Menahem Gnessin	1952
date of death	Satyen Sen (Bengali: সত্যেন সেন), (1907-1981), a historian of Bengali literature from Bangladesh.	Satyen Sen	1981
date of death	Sergio Ciani (7 September 1935 -- 5 September 2015), best known as Alan Steel, was an Italian bodybuilder and actor.	Alan Steel	5 September 2015
date of death	Gareth Hughes (23 August 1894 -- 1 October 1965) was a Welsh stage and silent screen actor.	Gareth Hughes	1 October 1965
date of death	Stephen Morrey (1880 -- 1921) was an English-born merchant, farmer and political figure in Saskatchewan.	Stephen Morrey	1921
date of death	Duncan McDuffie (September 24, 1877 -- 1951) was a real estate developer, conservationist, and mountaineer based in Berkeley, California, USA.	Duncan McDuffie	1951
date of death	Françoise Demulder (9 June 1947 -- 3 September 2008) was a French war photographer who in 1976 became the first woman to win the prestigious World Press Photo of the Year award.	Françoise Demulder	3 September 2008
date of death	Richard Partridge FRS, FRCS (19 January 1805; Ross-on-Wye, Herefordshire -- 25 March 1873; London) was a British surgeon.	Richard Partridge	25 March 1873
date of death	Zev Wolfson (27 September 1928 -- 13 August 2012) was an American real estate businessman and philanthropist, especially notable among the Haredi community.	Zev Wolfson	13 August 2012
date of death	Léopold Jorédié (1947 -- 8 September 2013) was a former Vice-President of the Government of New Caledonia under Jean Lèques.	Léopold Jorédié	8 September 2013
date of death	Sir Edward Dering, 6th Baronet (28 September 1732 -- 8 December 1798), was the British Member of Parliament for New Romney.	Sir Edward Dering, 6th Baronet	8 December 1798
date of death	Cui Riyong 崔日用 (673--722), formally Duke Zhao of Qi 齊昭公, was an official of the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty and Wu Zetian's Zhou Dynasty, briefly serving as a chancellor during the reign of Emperor Ruizong.	Cui Riyong	722
date of death	Knud Jessen (29 November 1884 -- 14 April 1971) was a Danish botanist and quaternary geologist.	Knud Jessen	14 April 1971
date of death	Clara Haskil (7 January 1895 - 7 December 1960) was a Romanian classical pianist, renowned as an interpreter of the classical and early romantic repertoire.	Clara Haskil	7 December 1960
date of death	Nancy Tyson Burbidge AO (5 August 1912 -- 4 March 1977) was an Australian systemic botanist, conservationist and herbarium curator.	Nancy Tyson Burbidge	4 March 1977
date of death	Manuel Canaveris (1787--1830) was an Argentine army officer, Lieutenant in the Regiment of Patricians.	Manuel Canaveris	1830
date of death	Jack Cusack (November 17, 1890 -- 1973) was one of the prominent early figures in professional football in Ohio.	Jack Cusack	1973
date of death	Khachatur Avetisyan (1926--1996) (Armenian: Խաչատուր Ավետիսյան, Xačatur Avetisyan; alternate transliterations include Avetisian or Avetissian) was an influential Armenian composer.	Khachatur Avetisyan	1996
date of death	Harry Wallis Kew (1868-1948) was an amateur English zoologist.	Harry Wallis Kew	1948
date of death	Jean-Baptiste Madou (3 February 1796 -- 31 March 1877), was a Belgian painter and lithographer.	Jean-Baptiste Madou	31 March 1877
date of death	Paulus Traudenius (born Gouda, died 9 July 1643, Batavia, Dutch East Indies) was the Dutch Governor of Formosa from 1640 to 1643.	Paulus Traudenius	9 July 1643
date of death	Henry Fitz-Ailwin de Londonestone (ca. 1135 -- 19 September 1212) was the first Mayor of London (later known as Lord Mayor of London from 1347 and then Lord Mayor of the City of London from 2006).	Henry Fitz-Ailwin de Londonestone	19 September 1212
date of death	Battista Antonelli (or Bautista) (1547--1616) was a military engineer from a prestigious Italian family of military engineers in the service of the Habsburg monarchs of Austria and Spain.	Battista Antonelli	1616
date of death	Auguste Jean François Grenier (22 September 1814, Andelys - 13 July 1890, Bagnères) was a French doctor and entomologist.	Auguste Jean François Grenier	13 July 1890
date of death	Reham Al-Farra of Jordan was 29 years old when she died along with other United Nations staff members in the terrorist Canal Hotel bombing of the UN Headquarters in Baghdad, Iraq on 19 August 2003.	Reham Al-Farra	19 August 2003
date of death	Gernot Zippe PhD (November 1917 -- 7 May 2008) was an Austrian-German mechanical engineer who is widely credited with leading the team which developed the Zippe-type centrifuge, a centrifuge machine for the collection of Uranium-235.	Gernot Zippe	7 May 2008
date of death	Father Pablo Gazzarri was an ordained priest who worked in the Parish of Nuestra Señora del Carmen de Villa Urquiza (Buenos Aires) who was abducted on November 27, 1976; being the fifth anniversary of his ordination.	Pablo Gazzarri	1976
date of death	Tito Azzolini (Bologna, June, 1837-December 8, 1907) was an Italian architect, active mostly in or near Bologna.	Tito Azzolini	1907
date of death	Sir John Colleton, 1st Baronet (1608--1666) served Charles I during the English Civil War.	Sir John Colleton, 1st Baronet	1666
date of death	Adelle August (12 February 1934 -- 24 April 2005), born Adele M. Slaybough, was an American movie actress.	Adelle August	24 April 2005
date of death	Axel Hamberg (1863--1933) was a Swedish mineralogist, geographer, explorer and professor in geography at the University of Uppsala 1907-1928.	Axel Hamberg	1933
date of death	Stéphanie Caroline Anne Syms, Lady Edward FitzGerald (c. 1773 -- 9 November 1831) was the wife of Lord Edward FitzGerald, the radical revolutionary and leading United Irishman, and was herself an enthusiastic supporter of Irish independence, scarcely less celebrated at the time than Lord Edward himself.	Lady Edward FitzGerald	9 November 1831
date of death	Phineas Lyman (1716--1774) was a colonial American soldier known for his service in the provincial British army of the French and Indian War.	Phineas Lyman	1774
date of death	Marjorie Muir Worthington (1900- February 17, 1976) was an American author of novels and short stories.	Marjorie Muir Worthington	1976
date of death	Francis M. Nickell (1843--1913) was a contractor, a builder and a member of the Los Angeles City Council in the 1890s.	Francis M. Nickell	1913
date of death	Sallie-Anne Huckstepp (12 December 1954 -- 6 February 1986) was an Australian prostitute and heroin addict who became a writer and whistleblower.	Sallie-Anne Huckstepp	6 February 1986
date of death	Ted Esposito (23 May 1908 - 1 May 1985) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Ted Esposito	1 May 1985
date of death	Edward Stuart Cardinal Dyke (24 August 1872 -- 21 January 1915) was a prominent naturalist, photographer, and botanical explorer in South Africa during the late 19th to early 20th century.	Edward Stuart Cardinal Dyke	21 January 1915
date of death	Ralph Howard, 1st Viscount Wicklow PC (I) (1726 -- 26 June 1786) was an Irish politician and nobleman.	Ralph Howard, 1st Viscount Wicklow	26 June 1786
date of death	At the Synod of Whitby in 664, Alhfrith was the chief supporter of Wilfrid.	Alhfrith	664
date of death	William Duff, 1st Earl Fife (1696 -- 30 September 1763) was a Scottish nobleman.	William Duff, 1st Earl Fife	30 September 1763
date of death	James Alexander, 4th Earl of Caledon KP, DL (11 July 1846 -- 27 April 1898) was a soldier and politician and the son of James Du Pre Alexander, 3rd Earl of Caledon and Lady Jane Grimston, styled Viscount Alexander until 1855.	James Alexander, 4th Earl of Caledon	27 April 1898
date of death	Karolina Kózka (2 August 1898 -- 18 November 1914) was a Polish teenager who has been beatified as a virgin-martyr by the Roman Catholic Church.	Karolina Kózka	18 November 1914
date of death	Charles Pelham Villiers (3 January 1802 -- 16 January 1898) was a British lawyer and politician from the Villiers family who sat in the House of Commons from 1835 to 1898, making him the longest-serving Member of Parliament (MP).	Charles Pelham Villiers	16 January 1898
date of death	William Burnes or William Burness (11 November 1721 -- 13 February 1784), the father of Robert Burns the poet, was born at either Upper Kinmonth or Clochnahill Farm, Dunnottar, Kincardineshire, and trained as a gardener at Inverugie Castle, Aberdeenshire, before moving to Ayrshire and becomimg a tenant farmer.	William Burnes	13 February 1784
date of death	Maud of Lancaster, Countess of Ulster (c. 1310 -- 5 May 1377) was an English noblewoman and the wife of William Donn de Burgh, 3rd Earl of Ulster.	Maud of Lancaster, Countess of Ulster	5 May 1377
date of death	Peter Safar (12 April 1924 -- 2 August 2003) was an Austrian physician of Czech descent.	Peter Safar	2 August 2003
date of death	William Vasey Houghton MLC (3 January 1921--11 January 2001), better known as Vasey Houghton, was an Australian politician, grazier, and conservationist.	Vasey Houghton	11 January 2001
date of death	Beatrice Gubbins (1878--1944) was an Irish artist in watercolour.	Beatrice Gubbins	1944
date of death	William Jack Grisman (30 August 1914 -- 6 April 1944), known as Jack, was a British Vickers Wellington bomber crew member who was taken prisoner during the Second World War.	Jack Grisman	6 April 1944
date of death	Sid Colin (1920 -- 1989) was an English screenwriter, working for both television and the cinema.	Sid Colin	1989
date of death	Rev Dr David Welsh DD FRSE (11 December 1793 -- 24 April 1845) was a Scottish divine and academic.	David Welsh	24 April 1845
date of death	Sir John Hannah Gordon (26 July 1850 -- 23 December 1923) was a Scottish-Australian politician and judge.	John Hannah Gordon	23 December 1923
date of death	Sirima (14 February 1964 - 7 December 1989) was a singer who sang in English.	Sirima	7 December 1989
date of death	Harikesanallur Muthiah Bhagavatar (15 November 1877 -- 30 June 1945), commonly known as Muthiah Bhagavatar, is one of Carnatic classical music's famous twentieth-century composers.	Muthiah Bhagavatar	30 June 1945
date of death	Philip Gray (1821 -- 28 February 1857) was an Irish republican, revolutionary and a member of the Irish Confederation.	Philip Gray	28 February 1857
date of death	Carl Johan Adlercreutz (27 April 1757 -- 21 August 1815) was a Swedish general and statesman, born in Borgå, Finland on family estates.	Carl Johan Adlercreutz	21 August 1815
date of death	Patrick Lindsay, 6th Lord Lindsay of the Byres, (1521--1589), Scottish courtier and Confederate lord.	Patrick Lindsay, 6th Lord Lindsay	1589
date of death	Cecilia Glaisher (20 April 1828 -- 28 December 1892) was an English amateur photographer, artist, illustrator and print-maker, working in the 1850s world of Victorian science and natural history.	Cecilia Glaisher	28 December 1892
date of death	Johanna Klink died on either 19 or 20 February 2015, at age 112 years and 33 or 34 days.	Johanna Klink	20 February 2015
date of death	Ivor Spencer, MBE (20 November 1924 -- 10 January 2009) was the founder of the Ivor Spencer International School for Butlers and the Professional School for Toastmasters.	Ivor Spencer	10 January 2009
date of death	Fred Lind died on 28 February 1976, aged 71 at Bateau Bay, New South Wales.	Fred Lind	28 February 1976
date of death	Robert Carleton Smith (b. 19 Feb 1908; d. 28 March 1984 Centre Island, New York) Smith was the director of the National Arts Foundation and organized the International Awards Foundation to establish awards in fields not covered by the Nobel Prize.	Carleton Smith	28 March 1984
date of death	Šimun Kožičić Benja (born ca. 1460 in Zadar, died 1536 in Zadar) was a Croatian nobleman, the bishop of Modruš and the founder of the Glagolitic printing house in Rijeka.	Šimun Kožičić Benja	1536
date of death	Jacob Marschak (23 July 1898 -- 27 July 1977) was a Ukrainian-American economist, known as ``the Father of Econometrics''.	Jacob Marschak	27 July 1977
date of death	Rob Foster (25 March 1947 -- 12 March 2014) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Rob Foster	12 March 2014
date of death	(Walter) Trevelyan Thomson (30 April 1875 -- 8 February 1928) was a British Liberal Member of Parliament, iron and steel merchant and soldier.	Trevelyan Thomson	8 February 1928
date of death	Johnny Wardle (8 January 1923 -- 23 July 1985) was an English spin bowler of post-war cricket.	Johnny Wardle	23 July 1985
date of death	Hubert Stanley Middleton (11 May 1890--13 August 1959) was a cathedral organist, who served at Truro Cathedral and Ely Cathedral before an appointment to Trinity College, Cambridge.	Hubert Stanley Middleton	1959
date of death	Korbinian Brodmann (17 November 1868 -- 22 August 1918) was a German neurologist who became famous for his definition of the cerebral cortex into 52 distinct regions from their cytoarchitectonic (histological) characteristics, known as Brodmann areas.	Korbinian Brodmann	22 August 1918
date of death	Awaji Nichiken (淡路日賢, 1243--1338) was a disciple of Nichiren who studied under Nichigen and founded Honjoji (本成寺) in Sanjō, Niigata in 1309.	Nichiken	1338
date of death	Alfred Vanderpol (7 April 1854 -- 17 June 1915) was a French engineer, philanthropist and author who was one of the leaders of the pacifist movement in France in the years leading up to World War I (1914--18).	Alfred Vanderpol	17 June 1915
date of death	Otto van Rees (4 January 1823 -- 10 March 1892) was a liberal 19th century Dutch politician and colonial governor of the Dutch East Indies.	Otto van Rees	10 March 1892
date of death	Gerhard I of Metz (c. 875 -- 22 Jun 910) was count of Metz.	Gerhard I of Metz	910
date of death	Dr Lonnie D. Kliever (1932--2004) was chair of the Department of Religious Studies at the Southern Methodist University (SMU).	Lonnie D. Kliever	2004
date of death	Dominic Barberi (22 June 1792 - 27 August 1849) was an Italian theologian and a member of the Passionist Congregation.	Dominic Barberi	27 August 1849
date of death	Charles Muzzicato (March 1, 1901 -- December 1968) was an American physician and politician from New York.	Charles Muzzicato	December 1968
date of death	Domenico Tardini (29 February 1888 -- 30 July 1961) was a longtime aide to Pope Pius XII in the Secretariat of State.	Domenico Tardini	30 July 1961
date of death	Sir Hugh Willoughby of Risley, Derbyshire (died 1554) was an early English Arctic voyager.	Hugh Willoughby	1554
date of death	Dr Arthur Melville Clark FRSE PhD DLit (1895-1990) was a Scottish educationalist and author of several academic books concerning English literature and poetry.	Arthur Melville Clark	1990
date of death	Cornelius Coolidge (August 30, 1778 - September 4, 1843) was a real estate developer in early 19th-century Boston, Massachusetts, who constructed buildings in Boston's Beacon Hill neighborhood, and elsewhere.	Cornelius Coolidge	1843
date of death	Henry Hele M.D. (1688/9-1778) was an English physician, who became a substantial landowner in Wiltshire and Somerset.	Henry Hele	1778
date of death	James Pitot (1761--1831), also known as Jacques Pitot, was the third Mayor of New Orleans, after Cavalier Petit served for a ten-day interim following Mayor Boré's resignation.	James Pitot	1831
date of death	Fray Diego Maroto (7/5/1618 Camarena, Toledo (Spain)--1696) was the most important Peruvian architect of the second half of the 17th century.	Diego Maroto	1696
date of death	Jerzy Radziwiłł (Lithuanian: Jurgis Radvila) (1480--1541) was a Polish--	Jerzy Radziwiłł	1541
date of death	Daniel Heinsius (or Heins) (9 June 1580 -- 25 February 1655) was one of the most famous scholars of the Dutch Renaissance.	Daniel Heinsius	25 February 1655
date of death	Ove Bjelke (26 October 1611 -- 29 March 1674) was a Norwegian nobleman and statesman.	Ove Bjelke	29 March 1674
date of death	Guillaume-François Debure (1731--1782) was a French printer.	Guillaume-François Debure	1782
date of death	Mabelle Gilman Corey (1882/?1874 - March 1966) was an American stage actress and Broadway beauty at the close of the nineteenth century and beginning of the twentieth century.	Mabelle Gilman Corey	March 1966
date of death	Arthur Searcy (born 6 January 1852 near Mount Barker, South Australia; died 9 December 1935 in Harrow Road, St Peters, South Australia) was President of the Public Service, Deputy Commissioner of Taxes and Stamps and President of the Marine Board in South Australia.	Arthur Searcy	9 December 1935
date of death	Sir Edward Atholl Oakeley, 7th Baronet of Shrewsbury (31 May 1900 -- January 1987), known under the ring name Atholl Oakeley was a British professional wrestler and wrestling promoter who was one of the pioneers of professional wrestling in the United Kingdom.	Atholl Oakeley	1987
date of death	Hermann Dörnemann (27 May 1893 -- 2 March 2005) of Germany was hailed in the press as the oldest living man in the world upon the death of 113-year-old American Fred Hale on 19 November 2004.	Hermann Dörnemann	2 March 2005
date of death	Ali Hassan al-Jaber (12 December 1955 -- 12 March 2011) was a Qatari national working as a camera operator for the TV channel Al Jazeera.	Ali Hassan al-Jaber	12 March 2011
date of death	Nigel Randell Evans (often credited simply as Nigel Evans) (born 1943-2014) was a British author, campaigner for people with disabilities and film maker, with over 40 social documentaries to his credit, including Walter the feature film screened on the inaugural night of the UK's Channel 4.	Nigel Randell Evans	2014
date of death	Benjamin Ingelow (1834/35--1925) was an English architect who practised from an office in London.	Benjamin Ingelow	1925
date of death	August Spennemann (c. 1878 -- 1945) was a German amateur ornithologist who lived in Java for 25 years (1915--1940).	August Spennemann	1945
date of death	Jean Théodore Delacour (26 September 1890 -- 5 November 1985) was an American ornithologist of French origin.	Jean Théodore Delacour	5 November 1985
date of death	Samson Lennard (died 1633) was an English genealogist, officer of arms, and translator.	Samson Lennard	1633
date of death	Agnes of Eltham (1498--1530) was an English woman, allegedly the illegitimate daughter of Princess Bridget of York.	Agnes of Eltham	1530
date of death	Sir Christopher William Codrington (12 March 1805 -- 24 June 1864), of Dodington, Gloucestershire, was a British MP for East Gloucestershire between 7 August 1834 and 24 June 1864 and a landowner in Gloucestershire.	Christopher William Codrington	24 June 1864
date of death	Paul Blobel (13 August 1894 -- 7 June 1951) was a German SS-Standartenführer (Colonel) and a member of the SD.	Paul Blobel	7 June 1951
date of death	On 14 April 1686 while Mar Thoma II was at Niranam church, there was thunderstorm.	Mar Thoma II	14 April 1686
date of death	Elisabeth of Anhalt-Zerbst (15 September 1563 -- 8 November 1607) was a princess of Anhalt by birth and Electress of Brandenburg by marriage.	Elisabeth of Anhalt-Zerbst	8 November 1607
date of death	William E. Naff (1929--2005) was an American scholar of Japanese language and literature.	William E. Naff	2005
date of death	Adolf Werthner (18 July 1828 -- 26 January 1906) was the founder of the Neue Freie Presse newspaper and president of the Österreichische Journal-Aktiengesellschaft.	Adolf Werthner	26 January 1906
date of death	Ong Poh Lim (Chinese: 王保林; pinyin: Wáng Bǎolín; 18 November 1922 -- 17 April 2003) was a Malayan/Singaporean badminton player who won numerous national and international titles from the late 1940s to the early 1960s.	Ong Poh Lim	17 April 2003
date of death	Cao Jun (died 259), courtesy name Zi'an, was a prince in the state of Cao Wei in the Three Kingdoms period.	Cao Jun	259
date of death	John Wisker (30 May 1846 in Kingston upon Hull, England -- 18 January 1884 in Richmond, Victoria) was an English chess player and journalist.	John Wisker	18 January 1884
date of death	Frank O. Hellstrom (June 24, 1866 -- 1931) was the Democratic contender for Governor of North Dakota in 1913 but was defeated by the Republican candidate.	Frank O. Hellstrom	1931
date of death	Robert de Ferrers, 2nd Baron Ferrers of Chartley (Chartley, Staffordshire, 25 March 1309 -- 28 August 1350), was the son of John de Ferrers, 1st Baron Ferrers of Chartley and Hawise de Muscegros, a daughter of Robert de Muscegros.	Robert de Ferrers, 2nd Baron Ferrers of Chartley	28 August 1350
date of death	Chen Jiongming (Chinese: 陳炯明; Cantonese: Chàhn Gwíng-mìhng; 13 January 1878 -- 22 September 1933) was a revolutionary figure in the early periods of the Republic of China.	Chen Jiongming	22 September 1933
date of death	Lodovico Bellanda (c. 1575 -- after 1613) was an Italian composer and organist who lived in the transition period between the Renaissance and Baroque eras.	Lodovico Bellanda	1613
date of death	William Dell (c. 1607--1669) was an English clergyman, Master of Gonville and Caius College, Cambridge from 1649 to 1660, and prominent radical Parliamentarian.	William Dell	1669
date of death	Margaret Windeyer (24 November 1866 -- 11 August 1939) was an Australian librarian and feminist.	Margaret Windeyer	11 August 1939
date of death	Carl Paivio, born Karl Einar Päiviö, 23 November 1893 in Töysä, died April 1952 in Ellis Island, New York, was a Finnish American labor activist and anarchist.	Carl Paivio	April 1952
date of death	Alfred Cowles III (15 September 1891 -- 28 December 1984) was an American economist, businessman and founder of the Cowles Commission.	Alfred Cowles	28 December 1984
date of death	Philip Wenman, 7th Viscount Wenman (18 April 1742 -- 26 March 1800), styled The Honourable Philip Wenman until 1760, was a British landowner and politician.	Philip Wenman, 7th Viscount Wenman	26 March 1800
date of death	Albert Abrams (1863--1924) was an American doctor, well known during his life for inventing machines which he claimed could diagnose and cure almost any disease.	Albert Abrams	1924
date of death	Rudolf Rominger (21 August 1908 -- 8 November 1979) was a Swiss former alpine skier.	Rudolf Rominger	8 November 1979
date of death	Fernando Sánchez de Tovar or Fernán Sánchez de Tovar, 1st Lord of Belves (died 1384) was a significant Castilian soldier and Admiral of the Middle Ages.	Fernando Sánchez de Tovar	1384
date of death	Dmitry Dmitrievich Maksutov (Russian: Дми́трий Дми́триевич Максу́тов) (23 April (O.S. 11 April) 1896 - 12 August 1964) was a Russian / Soviet optical engineer and amateur astronomer.	Dmitry Dmitrievich Maksutov	12 August 1964
date of death	He Pingping (Chinese: 何平平; pinyin: Hé Píngpíng; 13 July 1988 -- 13 March 2010) was a Chinese citizen and, according to the Guinness World Records, one time world's shortest mobile man.	He Pingping	13 March 2010
date of death	Sir Charles Gibson Connell WS FRSE LLD FRZSS (1899-1986) was a Scottish advocate and ornithologist.	Charles Gibson Connell	1986
date of death	Rajko Perušek (7 January 1854 -- 25 February 1917) was a Slovene writer, translator, linguist and bibliographer.	Rajko Perušek	25 February 1917
date of death	Isak Martinius Skaugen (17 August 1875 -- 26 December 1962), was a Norwegian businessperson.	Isak Martinius Skaugen	26 December 1962
date of death	Özdemir Pasha (died 1561, Sana) was a Circassian Mamluk general for the Ottoman Empire.	Özdemir Pasha	1561
date of death	Pope Adeodatus I (died 8 November 618), also called Deodatus I or Deusdedit, was Pope from 19 October 615 to his death in 618.	Pope Adeodatus I	8 November 618
date of death	Sri Balagangadharanatha Swamiji (18 January 1945 - 13 January 2013) was an Indian religious leader who was the seer of Adichunchanagiri, Nagamangala Taluk, Mandya district.	Balagangadharanatha Swamiji	13 January 2013
date of death	Anna-Liisa Linkola (née Korhonen, 10 August 1914 Pielisjärvi -- 3 August 1999 Kotka) was a Finnish politician.	Anna-Liisa Linkola	3 August 1999
date of death	Judah Hurwitz (Yehuda ben Mordechai HaLevi Hurwitz or Horowitz) (1734 - 1797) (Hebrew: יהודא בן מרדכי הלוי הורוויץ‎) was a Jewish physician and author living in Amsterdam, Netherlands in the 18th century.	Judah Hurwitz	1797
date of death	Rudolf of Mecklenburg-Stargard (died 1415) was a Roman Catholic bishop of Skara (Sweden) and Schwerin.	Rudolf of Mecklenburg-Stargard	1415
date of death	Hamilton Lanphere Smith (November 5, 1819 -- 1903) was an American scientist, photographer, and astronomer.	Hamilton Lanphere Smith	1903
date of death	Joseph Idlout (? - 2 June 1968) is an Inuit featured on the former Canadian two-dollar bill.	Joseph Idlout	1968
date of death	Ralph Bass (1 May 1911 -- 5 March 1997), born Ralph Basso, Jr., was an American rhythm and blues record producer and talent scout for several independent labels.	Ralph Bass	5 March 1997
date of death	Billy Gladstone (December 15, 1893 -- October 1961), born William Goldstein, was a Romanian-born New York drummer, percussionist, drum builder, inventor, and drum teacher who performed in New York theaters, including the Capitol Theatre and most famously Radio City Music Hall in the 1930s and 1940s.	Billy Gladstone	1961
date of death	Julius Caesar Ibbetson (29 December 1759 -- 13 October 1817) was a British 18th-century landscape and watercolour painter.	Julius Caesar Ibbetson	13 October 1817
date of death	Henry Alan Marsh AFC AFRAeS (29 January 1901--13 June 1950) was a British rotorcraft instructor and test pilot.	Alan Marsh	13 June 1950
date of death	William Harper Twelvetrees (1848 -- 7 November 1919) was an English geologist who was important for the characterisation of the geology of Tasmania.	William Harper Twelvetrees	7 November 1919
date of death	Jin Youzhi (17 August 1918 -- 10 April 2015), born Aisin-Gioro Puren, was the nominal head of the Aisin-Gioro clan, the imperial clan of the Manchu-led Qing dynasty, from 1994 until his death in 2015.	Jin Youzhi	10 April 2015
date of death	Thomas Rowe Price, Jr. (born 1898 in Linwood, Maryland; died 1983) was the founder of T. Rowe Price.	Thomas Rowe Price, Jr.	1983
date of death	Gervase Spencer (c.1715--1763), was an English miniaturist.	Gervase Spencer	1763
date of death	Martin Barbarič (14 October 1970 -- 18 January 2013) was a Czech football player who is best known as key striker at club Slovan Liberec in the late 1990s.	Martin Barbarič	18 January 2013
date of death	Sir James Rivett-Carnac, 1st Baronet (11 November 1784 -- 28 January 1846) was the governor of the Bombay Presidency of British India from 1839 to 1842.	James Rivett-Carnac	28 January 1846
date of death	Mary Greyeyes-Reid (1920 -- 2011) was the first woman of the First Nations to join the Canadian Women's Army Corps.	Mary Greyeyes	2011
date of death	Miklós Tótfalusi Kis (Hungarian: Misztótfalusi Kis Miklós) (1650 - March 20, 1702) was a Hungarian letter cutter, typeface designer, typographer and printer.	Miklós Tótfalusi Kis	1702
date of death	René Richard (1 December 1895 -- 31 March 1982) was Swiss-born Canadian painter known for his semi-abstract landscapes of the Canadian wilderness and of the country around Baie-Saint-Paul in Quebec.	René Richard	1982
date of death	Brita Scheel or Birgitte Skeel, (1638--1699), was a Danish noblewoman.	Brita Scheel	1699
date of death	Pál Lukács (Hungarian: Lukács Pál; 27 April 1919 in Budapest -- 22 May 1981 in Budapest) was a Hungarian viola virtuoso, concert and recording artist, and music educator.	Pál Lukács	22 May 1981
date of death	Thomas Henry Lister (1800 -- 5 June 1842) was an English novelist and Registrar General.	Thomas Henry Lister	5 June 1842
date of death	Gulielma Lister (28 October 1860 -- 18 May 1949) was a British botanist and mycologist, and was considered an international authority on Mycetozoa.	Gulielma Lister	18 May 1949
date of death	Fath-Ali Shah Qajar (Persian: فتح‌على شاه قاجار‎‎; var. Fathalishah, Fathali Shah, Fath Ali Shah; 5 September 1772 -- 23 October 1834) was the second Qajar king (shah) of Persia.	Fath-Ali Shah Qajar	23 October 1834
date of death	Kapitänleutnant (Lieutenant-Commander) Wilhelm Kleinschmidt (1907?-- 4 October 1941) was captain of U-111 during World War II. U-111 was sunk on 4 October 1941 by HMS Lady Shirley, a Royal Navy anti-submarine trawler.	Wilhelm Kleinschmidt	4 October 1941
date of death	Lieutenant General Deon Ferreira PVD SD SM MMM (died 2002) was a South African Army officer.	Deon Ferreira	2002
date of death	Alvin M. Strauss (1895 -- 1958) was an Indiana architect and designer of many landmark buildings in Indiana and Ohio during the early twentieth century.	Alvin M. Strauss	1958
date of death	C.S. Gangadharan (7 October 1927 - 8 April 2007) was an Indian freedom fighter, former MLA and State president of the Kerala Freedom Fighters Association.	C.S. Gangadharan	8 April 2007
date of death	George Bassett (1818--1886) was the founder of a confectionery firm in Sheffield in 1842.	George Bassett	1886
date of death	Marcus Annaeus Seneca, known as Seneca the Elder and Seneca the Rhetorician (/ˈsɛnɪkə/; 54 BC -- c. 39 AD), was a Roman rhetorician and writer, born of a wealthy equestrian family of Cordoba, Hispania.	Seneca the Elder	39
date of death	Theodor Baierl (8 November 1881, Munich - 1932, Munich) was a German painter and fresco artist.	Theodor Baierl	1932
date of death	Asbjørn Engen (1917/1918 -- 17 October 1985) was a Norwegian newspaper editor and organizational leader.	Asbjørn Engen	1985
date of death	Zhang Yanghao (simplified Chinese: 张养浩; traditional Chinese: 張養浩; pinyin: Zhāng Yǎnghào; 1270--1329), courtesy name Ximeng, was a writer from Shandong who lived during the Yuan Dynasty and authored prose, poems, as well as songs.	Zhang Yanghao	1329
date of death	Alfredo Campoli (20 October 1906 -- 27 March 1991) was an Italian-born British violinist, often known simply as Campoli.	Alfredo Campoli	27 March 1991
date of death	Burton Allen Holder (born between January 16 and March 16, 1843 -- 1920), a member of the Chickasaw tribe of Native Americans, gained fame as a soldier in the Confederate States Army during the American Civil War.	Burton Allen Holder	1920
date of death	Ewald Riebschläger (24 October 1904 -- 29 October 1993) was a German diver who won two gold, one silver and two bronze medals at the European championships of 1927--1934.	Ewald Riebschläger	1993
date of death	Prem Ram Dubey (23 October 1933 -- 17 September 2012) is better known as the founding father of the Kosal State Movement (or the Separate Kosal Movement).	Prem Ram Dubey	17 September 2012
date of death	Tritantaechmes (Elamite: Ṣi-iš-šá-an-tak-ma, Babylonian: Ši-it-ra-an-taḫ-ma) was king of Sagartians who ruled in Arbela (521 BCE).	Tritantaechmes	521 BCE
date of death	Niilo Koljonen (1927--2004) was a Finnish social scientist.	Niilo Koljonen	2004
date of death	Franciszek Gągor (8 September 1951 -- 10 April 2010) was a Polish general, Chief of the General Staff of the Polish Armed Forces between 2006 and 2010.	Franciszek Gągor	10 April 2010
date of death	Edward Gardner Lewis (1869--1950) was a flamboyant and controversial promoter, magazine publisher, political activist, and founder of two utopian colonies --	Edward Gardner Lewis	1950
date of death	Hun Neang (Khmer: ហ៊ុន នាង; 27 August 1923 -- 12 July 2013) was the father of Cambodia's Prime Minister, Hun Sen. A devout Buddhist, various schools throughout the country are named in honour after him.	Hun Neang	12 July 2013
date of death	Heloise Brainerd (30 April 1881 - 16 February 1969) was an American activist and a proponent of Latin American women's participation in the peace movement.	Heloise Brainerd	16 February 1969
date of death	Catherine Impey (1847 -- 14 December 1923) was a British Quaker activist against racial discrimination.	Catherine Impey	14 December 1923
date of death	Saint Colmán Elo (555 -- 26 September 611) was born in Glenelly, Ireland in what is now County Tyrone.	Colmán Elo	26 September 611
date of death	James Rolston Lonsdale (31 May 1865 -- 23 May 1921) was Unionist Member of Parliament (MP) for Mid Armagh from January 1918 until his death.	James Rolston Lonsdale	23 May 1921
date of death	Yuan Jiahua (simplified Chinese: 袁家骅; traditional Chinese: 袁家驊; pinyin: Yuán Jiāhuá; January 1903 -- 4 September 1980) was a Chinese linguist and dialectologist from Zhangjiagang, Jiangsu province.	Yuan Jiahua	4 September 1980
date of death	English sculptor Sydney March (1876--1968) was a prolific artist, whose primary focus was portrait busts and other sculptures of British royalty and contemporary figures, as well as war memorials.	Sydney March	1968
date of death	Joseph Jackson Howard, LL.D., FSA (12 April 1827 -- 18 April 1902) was an English genealogist who was Maltravers Herald of Arms Extraordinary 1887-1902.	Joseph Jackson Howard	18 April 1902
date of death	Heinrich Lautensack (1522-1590) was a German painter and goldsmith.	Heinrich Lautensack	1590
date of death	Esther Vilenska (Hebrew: אסתר וילנסקה‎‎ 8 June 1918 -- 8 November 1975) was an Israeli communist politician, journalist and author who served as a member of the Knesset for Maki between 1951 and 1959 and then again from 1961 to 1965.	Esther Vilenska	8 November 1975
date of death	Henry Nxumalo (1917 -- 31 December 1957), also known as Henry ``Mr Drum'' Nxumalo, was a pioneering South African investigative journalist under apartheid.	Henry Nxumalo	1957
date of death	Eli M. Pearce (May 1, 1929 -- May 18, 2015) was research professor at New York University Polytechnic School of Engineering and a past-president of the American Chemical Society.	Eli M. Pearce	2015
date of death	Captain Timothy Arthur Forster, OBE (27 February 1934 -- 21 April 1999) commonly known as Tim Forster, was a racehorse trainer and previously an amateur jockey.	Tim Forster	21 April 1999
date of death	Esteban Reyes González (22 July 1913 -- 19 March 2014) also known as Pajarito (little bird) was Mexican tennis player who represented his country during the 1935 International Lawn Tennis Challenge (nowadays known as the Davis Cup) and won a silver medal during the 1935 Central American and Caribbean Games.	Esteban Reyes	19 March 2014
date of death	Edmund John Glyn Hooper (July 7, 1818 -- October 5, 1889) was a Canadian businessman and political figure.	Edmund John Glyn Hooper	1889
date of death	Jan Kefer (b. Nový Bydžov, 31 January 1906 -- d. Flossenbürg, 3 December 1941) was a Czech astrologer, hermeticist and publicist in the age between the two World Wars.	Jan Kefer	3 December 1941
date of death	Bhakti Prajnana Kesava Goswami Maharaja (Bhaktiprajñāna Keśava) (9 February 1898 -- 6 October 1968) Bhakti Prajnana Kesava Goswami Maharaja was a disciple of Bhaktisiddhanta Saraswati Thakura Prabhupada and the founder of the religious organization Sri Gaudiya Vedanta Samiti, formed in Calcutta in 1940.	Bhakti Prajnana Kesava Goswami	6 October 1968
date of death	John Carey, 2nd Earl of Dover (1608 -- 26 May 1677), styled Viscount Rochford from 1628 to 1666, was an English peer.	John Carey, 2nd Earl of Dover	26 May 1677
date of death	Princess Pauline of Orange-Nassau (Wilhelmina Frederika Louise Pauline Charlotte; 1 March 1800 - 22 December 1806) was a Princess of the House of Orange-Nassau.	Princess Pauline of Orange-Nassau	22 December 1806
date of death	Leo Mielziner (8 December 1869 to 11 August 1935) was a noted portrait artist, and the son of Dr. Moses Mielziner, Rabbi, and Rosette Mielziner.	Leo Mielziner	1935
date of death	William Trewartha Bray, known as Billy Bray, (1 June 1794 -- 25 May 1868) was an unconventional Cornish preacher.	Billy Bray	25 May 1868
date of death	Pierre-Alexandre Aveline (1702--1760) was a French engraver, portraitist, illustrator, and printmaker.	Pierre-Alexandre Aveline	1760
date of death	Matoonas (? - died 1676 in Boston) was a sachem of the Nipmuc Indians in the middle of 17th century.	Matoonas	1676
date of death	Samuel Sheinbein (25 July 1980 -- 23 February 2014) was an American-Israeli convicted murderer.	Samuel Sheinbein	23 February 2014
date of death	Colonel Peter Hawker (24 November 1786 -- 7 August 1853) was a celebrated diarist, author and sportsman accounted one of the ``Great Shots'' of the 19th Century.	Peter Hawker	August 1853
date of death	Fung Yue, Fung Joe Guey, or Feng Ru (simplified Chinese: 冯如; traditional Chinese: 馮如; pinyin: Féng Rú; 1883--1912), was a pioneering Chinese aviator from Enping, Guangdong province.	Fung Joe Guey	1912
date of death	Huoching of Alamannia (ca. 675-744) was an Alamannic nobleman.	Huoching	744
date of death	Gerald Burke (2 December 1930 -- 24 June 1994) was an Australian rules footballer in the Victorian Football League.	Gerald Burke	24 June 1994
date of death	Sir John Preston, Lord Fentonbarns (died 1616), of Penicuik, was a Scottish lawyer and judge who became lord president of the court of session.	John Preston, Lord Fentonbarns	1616
date of death	Pratima Barua Pandey (Assamese: প্ৰতিমা বৰুৱা পাণ্ডে) (Bengali: প্ৰতিমা বড়ুয়া পাণ্ডে) (3 October 1934 -- 27 December 2002) was a popular folk singer from the royal family of Gauripur in Western Assam's Dhubri district.	Pratima Barua Pandey	27 December 2002
date of death	Marcel Mouchel (13 February 1927 in Équeurdreville-Hainneville (Manche) -- 7 March 2012) was a French footballer and manager.	Marcel Mouchel	7 March 2012
date of death	Muhammad ash-Shawkani (1759--1839 ) was a Yemeni scholar of Islam, jurist and reformer.	Muhammad ash-Shawkani	1839
date of death	Ismet Jashari, also known as Komandant Kumanova was an Albanian member of the UCK movement who was killed on 25 August 1998 in Klecke Kosovo.	Ismet Jashari	1998
date of death	Te Aue Takotoroa Davis OBE (1 September 1925 -- 28 November 2010) was a key figure in the Māori renaissance in the field of weaving.	Te Aue Takotoroa Davis	28 November 2010
date of death	Walter Raleigh Willock Gilbert, known as Raleigh Gilbert (28 February 1936 -- c. February 1998) was a British horse racing commentator active for 40 years.	Raleigh Gilbert	1998
date of death	Selmar Schonland (15 August 1860 -- 22 April 1940), the founder of the Botany Department at Rhodes University, was a German immigrant, who came to the Eastern part of the Cape Colony in 1889 to take up an appointment as curator of the Albany Museum.	Selmar Schonland	22 April 1940
date of death	Francesco Sassetti (9 March 1421 -- April 1490) was an Italian banker.	Francesco Sassetti	1490
date of death	George Colliflower (May 2, 1886 -- January 1980) was the head basketball coach at George Washington University from 1915 to 1917.	George Colliflower	1980
date of death	Sir Benjamin Collins Brodie, 2nd Baronet FRS (5 February 1817 -- 24 November 1880) was an English chemist.	Sir Benjamin Collins Brodie, 2nd Baronet	24 November 1880
date of death	John Dunlop Southern (5 November 1899 -- 7 February 1972) was a Royal Navy officer and cricketer who played first-class cricket for Derbyshire in occasional games between 1919 and 1934.	John Dunlop Southern	7 February 1972
date of death	Catherine Talbot (May 1721 -- 9 January 1770) was an English author and member of the Blue Stockings Society.	Catherine Talbot	9 January 1770
date of death	William Weddell (13 May 1736 -- 30 April 1792) was a British landowner and politician.	William Weddell	30 April 1792
date of death	Michele Cachia (30 September 1760 -- 24 January 1839) was a Maltese architect and military engineer.	Michele Cachia	24 January 1839
date of death	Traian Bratu (October 25, 1875--July 21, 1940) was an Austro-Hungarian-born Romanian scholar of German language and literature.	Traian Bratu	1940
date of death	Abigail Scott Duniway (October 22, 1834 -- October 11, 1915) was an American women's rights advocate, newspaper editor and writer, whose efforts were instrumental in gaining voting rights for women.	Abigail Scott Duniway	1915
date of death	James Fraser Forbes (1820 - 18 May 1887) was a Canadian politician and a member of the Canadian House of Commons for the riding of Queens in Nova Scotia.	James Fraser Forbes	18 May 1887
date of death	Betty Careless or Betsy Careless (c.1704--1739) was a notorious prostitute and later bagnio-owner in 18th-century London.	Betty Careless	1739
date of death	Hung Hei-gun or Hong Xiguan (1745--1825) was a Chinese martial artist who lived in the Qing dynasty.	Hung Hei-gun	1825
date of death	Lieutenant Muhammed Sharif al-Faruqi (1891 - 1920) was an Arab Ottoman staff officer from Mosul.	Muhammed Sharif al-Faruqi	1920
date of death	Leon Birnbaum (1918--2010) was a Romanian mathematician and philosopher.	Leon Birnbaum	2010
date of death	Frederick David Schaeffer (born in Frankfurt am Main, 15 November 1760; died in Frederick, Maryland, 27 January 1836) was a German-American Lutheran clergyman.	Frederick David Schaeffer	27 January 1836
date of death	Sieur Louis Coulon de Villiers (17 August 1710 -- 2 November 1757) was a French Canadian military officer during the French and Indian War (Seven Years' War).	Louis Coulon de Villiers	2 November 1757
date of death	James William Massie (11 November 1799 -- 8 May 1869) was an Irish minister and missionary to India.	James William Massie	8 May 1869
date of death	Jean-Claude Forest (11 September 1930 -- 29 December 1998) was a writer and illustrator of comics and the creator of character Barbarella.	Jean-Claude Forest	29 December 1998
date of death	Jean de Bonmarché (ca. 1525--September 1570) was a composer of the Franco-Flemish school.	Jean de Bonmarché	1570
date of death	Franco Ballerini (11 December 1964 -- 7 February 2010) was an Italian road racing cyclist.	Franco Ballerini	7 February 2010
date of death	Anderson Crenshaw (1783--1847) was an American jurist in the U.S. state of Alabama.	Anderson Crenshaw	1847
date of death	Ernest Hamilton Sharp, OBE, KC (1861 -- 9 February 1922) was a barrister in Hong Kong.	Ernest Hamilton Sharp	9 February 1922
date of death	Sir William Borthwick, 3rd Lord Borthwick (died 20 May 1503) was a Scottish nobleman, ambassador, and Master of the King's Household in 1485.	William Borthwick, 3rd Lord Borthwick	20 May 1503
date of death	Rosemary Howard-Jones, known as Ray Howard-Jones (30 May 1903 -- 25 June 1996), was a prolific English painter best known for her impressionistic seascapes and paintings of the coastline of Wales, particularly of the areas around Skomer and Marloes.	Ray Howard-Jones	25 June 1996
date of death	Sir James Hamlyn, 1st Baronet (1735-1811) (born James Hammet) of Clovelly Court in Devon, and of Edwinsford, Carmarthenshire, Wales, was Member of Parliament for Carmarthen 1793-1802.	Sir James Hamlyn, 1st Baronet	1811
date of death	Leonard Jacques Stein OBE (12 December 1887-23 April 1973), was a British Liberal Party politician, writer, barrister and President of the Anglo-Jewish Association.	Leonard Jacques Stein	23 April 1973
date of death	Lieut-Col Sir William Kerr Fraser-Tytler KBE CMG MC (26 December 1886 - 23 August 1963) was a British soldier and diplomat.	William Kerr Fraser-Tytler	23 August 1963
date of death	William Douglas, 10th Earl of Angus (1552 -- 3 March 1611) was the son of William, the 9th Earl (1533--1591).	William Douglas, 10th Earl of Angus	3 March 1611
date of death	Benjamin Vandergucht or Van der Gucht (1753--1794) was a picture-dealer, restorer and painter.	Benjamin Vandergucht	1794
date of death	Sir Gawaine Baillie, 7th Baronet (8 March 1934 -- 21 December 2003) was an amateur motor racing driver, engineer, industrialist, stamp collector, and the owner of the estate surrounding Leeds Castle, the ancient fortress in Kent.	Gawaine Baillie	21 December 2003
date of death	Major Felten, also ``Felton'' (March 19, 1904 -- November 1975) was an American visual artist and illustrator, active in the 1930s-1950s.	Major Felten	1975
date of death	Chan Yik Yan 陳亦人 (Chen Yi Ren) 1909-1982 was a disciple of Liuhebafa Master Wu Yi Hui.	Chan Yik Yan	1982
date of death	Moritz Fuerst (March 1782 -- 1840) was an American artist of Jewish-Slovak origin.	Moritz Fuerst	1840
date of death	Denise Marshall OBE (12 December 1961 -- 21 August 2015) was a British feminist and lesbian campaigner and charity executive involved in campaigning against and helping victims of domestic violence, sex trafficking and homophobia.	Denise Marshall	21 August 2015
date of death	Mameshbirde (Mari: Мамич Бердей, Tatar: Mämeşbirde/ Мәмешбирде, Mamışbirde/ Мамышбирде , Russian: Мамич-Берде́й) (died 1556) was a rebel commander during Kazan War for the independence of Kazan Khanate in 1552-1556.	Mameshbirde	1556
date of death	Ambroz Haračić (born Mali Lošinj, 5 December 1855, died Mali Lošinj, 1 October 1916), was a Croatian botanist.	Ambroz Haračić	1 October 1916
date of death	Kostas Andritsos, also known as George Andrews (Greek: Κώστας Ανδρίτσος; May 1, 1916, Athens -- October 10, 1993), was a Greek film director and writer.	Kostas Andritsos	1993
date of death	Marudur Gopala Chakrapani (13 January 1911 -- 17 August 1986), commonly known as M. G. Chakrapani or Yettan (``elder brother'' in Malayalam), was an Indian actor based in the Tamil film industry.	M. G. Chakrapani	17 August 1986
date of death	Willy Fritsch (27 January 1901 -- 13 July 1973) was a German theater and film actor, a popular leading man and character actor from the silent-film era to the early 1960s.	Willy Fritsch	13 July 1973
date of death	Edward Angelo Goodall (8 June 1819 -- 16 April 1908) was an English landscape and orientalist painter, a member of the distinguished Goodall family of artists.	Edward Angelo Goodall	16 April 1908
date of death	Agnes Tyrrell (20 September 1846 -- 18 April 1883) was a Czech-born pianist and composer.	Agnes Tyrrell	18 April 1883
date of death	Sir William Edward Briggs Priestley (12 April 1859 -- 25 March 1932) was a Liberal politician from the West Riding of Yorkshire.	William Edward Briggs Priestley	25 March 1932
date of death	Olav Jakobsen Høyem (1830 - 1899) was a Norwegian teacher, telegrapher, supervisor of banknote printing and linguist.	Olav Jakobsen Høyem	1899
date of death	Hugh Cholmondeley, 3rd Baron Delamere KCMG (28 April 1870 -- 13 November 1931), styled The Honourable from birth until 1887, was a British peer.	Hugh Cholmondeley, 3rd Baron Delamere	13 November 1931
date of death	John Brandard (Birmingham 1812 -- 15 December 1863 London) was an English lithographic artist.	John Brandard	15 December 1863
date of death	Dimitrios Ioannidis (Greek: Δημήτριος Ιωαννίδης (ðimiˈtros ʝoaˈniðis), 13 March 1923 -- 16 August 2010), also known as Dimitris Ioannidis, was a Greek military officer and one of the leading figures in the Greek military junta of 1967--1974.	Dimitrios Ioannidis	16 August 2010
date of death	Lloyd Zucker (23 March 1929 -- 21 September 2009) was an Australian rules footballer who played for Port Adelaide Football Club in the South Australian National Football League during the 1950s.	Lloyd Zucker	21 September 2009
date of death	Antoine Barthélemy Jean Guillemot (11 November 1822 , Thiers −25 August 1902, Thiers) was a French entomologist .	Antoine Barthélemy Jean Guillemot	25 August 1902
date of death	Edward Irving (4 August 1792 -- 7 December 1834) was a Scottish clergyman, generally regarded as the main figure behind the foundation of the Catholic Apostolic Church.	Edward Irving	7 December 1834
date of death	Thomas St. Lawrence, also called Thomas Howth (c.1480-1553) was a leading statesman and judge in sixteenth-century Ireland.	Thomas St. Lawrence	1553
date of death	Robert Hyland, Jr. (1920--1992) was CBS regional vice president and general manager of radio station KMOX in St. Louis, Missouri for four decades.	Robert Hyland	1992
date of death	Willibald Peter Prasthofer (17 May 1917 - 30 July 1993) was an Austrian rocket scientist and educator.	Willibald Peter Prasthofer	30 July 1993
date of death	Marco Facoli (c. 1540-1585), Venice, was an Italian organist, harpsichordist and composer.	Marco Facoli	1585
date of death	George Robert Jebb (1838--1927) was a civil engineer from the United Kingdom.	George Robert Jebb	1927
date of death	Velma Wallace Rayness (1896--1977) was an American artist, author, and instructor who lived in Iowa.	Velma Wallace Rayness	1977
date of death	Philippe de Cabassole or Philippe de Cabassoles (1305--1372), the Bishop of Cavaillon, Seigneur of Vaucluse, was the great protector of Renaissance poet Francesco Petrarch.	Philippe de Cabassoles	1372
date of death	Ángel Recasens (4 March 1938 in Cambrils -- 2 August 2007) was a Catalonian organist, teacher, composer and musicologist best known as a choral conductor.	Ángel Recasens	2 August 2007
date of death	Alexander Duff, 3rd Earl Fife (18 April 1731 -- 17 April 1811) was a Scottish nobleman.	Alexander Duff, 3rd Earl Fife	17 April 1811
date of death	Rosa Palumbo, better known by her stage name as Rosita Contreras (March 15, 1913 - 1962), was an Argentine actress, singer and vedette.	Rosita Contreras	1962
date of death	Wei Daijia (韋待價) (died 689?) was a general and official of the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty, serving as chancellor during the first reign of Emperor Ruizong.	Wei Daijia	689
date of death	John FitzAlan, 13th Earl of Arundel, 3rd Baron Maltravers (1 August 1385 -- 21 April 1421) was an English nobleman.	John FitzAlan, 13th Earl of Arundel	21 April 1421
date of death	Judith Huxley (1926-17 October 1983) was an American food columnist for the Washington Post.	Judith Huxley	1983
date of death	Carlo Antonio Delpini (died 1828) was an Italian pantomimist and theatrical manager.	Carlo Antonio Delpini	1828
date of death	Haydar al-Kuzbari (Arabic: حيدر الكزبري‎, 1920 -- 1996) was a Syrian lieutenant colonel who took part in the 1961 Syrian coup d'état that led to the dissolution of the United Arab Republic.	Haydar al-Kuzbari	1996
date of death	Sir Samuel Cleland Davidson, KBE (18 November 1846 -- 18 August 1921) was an Irish inventor and engineer.	Samuel Cleland Davidson	18 August 1921
date of death	Aditya Vikram Birla (14 November 1943 -- 1 October 1995), was an Indian industrialist.	Aditya Vikram Birla	1 October 1995
date of death	Kuldeep Manak (Punjabi: ਕੁਲਦੀਪ ਮਾਣਕ‌; 15 November 1951 -- 30 November 2011) was a noted Punjabi singer of Indian Punjab.	Kuldeep Manak	30 November 2011
date of death	June Keithley-Castro (10 March 1947 -- 24 November 2013) was a Filipina actress and broadcast journalist.	June Keithley	24 November 2013
date of death	Jakob Hermann (16 July 1678 -- 11 July 1733) was a mathematician who worked on problems in classical mechanics.	Jakob Hermann	11 July 1733
date of death	Han Shizhong (韓世忠) (1089--1151) was a Chinese general of the late Northern Song Dynasty and the early Southern Song Dynasty.	Han Shizhong	1151
date of death	Leopold Willem Ras (died 1847) was a Dutch merchant-trader and diplomat.	Leopold Willem Ras	1847
date of death	Olaus Islandsmoen (1873 in Sør-Aurdal -- 1949) was a Norwegian educator, museologist and politician.	Olaus Islandsmoen	1949
date of death	John Chishull or John de Chishull (died 1280) was Lord Chancellor of England, Bishop of London, and Lord High Treasurer during the 13th century.	John Chishull	1280
date of death	Marie-Luise Jahn (28 May 1918 -- 22 June 2010) was a German physician and a member of the anti-Nazi resistance movement White Rose.	Marie-Luise Jahn	22 June 2010
date of death	Sir John Keith, 1st Earl of Kintore (died 1714) was a Scottish nobleman.	John Keith, 1st Earl of Kintore	1714
date of death	Zhang Haoruo (Chinese: 张皓若; 1932 -- 27 March 2004) was a politician and petroleum engineer of the People's Republic of China.	Zhang Haoruo	27 March 2004
date of death	Edmund Willard born 19 December 1884 in Brighton, Sussex, England -- died 6 October 1956 in Kingston upon Thames, England, was a British actor of the 1930s and 1940s.	Edmund Willard	1956
date of death	Leo Rowlands (1891-1967) was a Franciscan Catholic priest and composer, associated with Rhode Island.	Leo Rowlands	1967
date of death	Frank Curtis (12 November 1890 -- 1957) was a Welsh footballer, who played in the Football League for Wolverhampton Wanderers and Reading.	Frank Curtis	1957
date of death	Edgar Williamson, Jr. (November 24, 1903 - April 1981) was an American Republican Party politician who served four terms in the New Jersey General Assembly.	Edgar Williamson, Jr.	1981
date of death	Jerry Jofen (1925--1993) was an American painter, collagist, and experimental filmmaker.	Jerry Jofen	1993
date of death	Herbert Armitage James, CH (3 August 1844 -- 15 November 1931) was a Welsh cleric and headmaster of three leading public schools, who ended his ``remarkable scholastic career'', as it was later described by Austen Chamberlain, by becoming President of St John's College, Oxford.	Herbert Armitage James	15 November 1931
date of death	Francis Boyle, 1st Viscount Shannon (1623--1699) was a Privy Counsellor of Ireland and held the office of Governor of County Cork.	Francis Boyle, 1st Viscount Shannon	1699
date of death	Jocelyn Brooke (30 November 1908 -- 29 October 1966) was an English author born in Kent.	Jocelyn Brooke	29 October 1966
date of death	David Richard Porter (1882--1973) was a major figure in the Young Men's Christian Association (YMCA) during the height of the organization's popularity and influence on American high school and college campuses.	David Richard Porter	1973
date of death	Richard Cowley (died 1619) was an actor in English Renaissance theatre, a colleague of William Shakespeare and Richard Burbage in the Lord Chamberlain's Men and the King's Men.	Richard Cowley	1619
date of death	Enrique de la Mora y Palomar (16 June 1907 -- 9 May 1978) was a Mexican architect who designed prominent university buildings and Roman Catholic churches in which he experimented with hyperbolic-paraboloid roofs.	Enrique de la Mora	9 May 1978
date of death	Robert Sackville, 2nd Earl of Dorset (1561--1609) was an English aristocrat and politician, with humanist and commercial interests.	Robert Sackville, 2nd Earl of Dorset	1609
date of death	Kaspar Fürstenau (26 February 1772, Münster -- 11 May 1819, Oldenburg) was a German flautist and composer.	Kaspar Fürstenau	11 May 1819
date of death	Malik Barkat Ali (1886 -- 1946) was a Muslim Indian politician, lawyer and journalist.	Malik Barkat Ali	1946
date of death	Louis Isaac Jaffe (1888--1950) was editorial page editor of the newspaper Virginian-Pilot of Norfolk, Virginia from 1919 to 1950.	Louis Isaac Jaffe	1950
date of death	Henry Wellesley, 1st Baron Cowley GCB (20 January 1773 -- 27 April 1847) was a British diplomat and politician.	Henry Wellesley, 1st Baron Cowley	27 April 1847
date of death	Anthony Durand (1956--2009) was a Native American potter from Picuris Pueblo, New Mexico, United States.	Anthony Durand	2009
date of death	Vladimir Constantinescu (born 1895, died 1965) was a Romanian Major-General during World War II. He began his military career as Commandant of Cavalry School in 1941, and in 1942 became Commanding Officer 8th Rosiori Cavalry Regiment and Commandant of Cavalry School.	Vladimir Constantinescu	1965
date of death	Bennie Le Sueur (22 March 1917 -- 17 August 1994) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Footscray and Collingwood in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Bennie Le Sueur	17 August 1994
date of death	Henry Malden (1800--1876) was a prominent British academic.	Henry Malden	1876
date of death	William Francis de Vismes Kane ( 1840 -- 1918) was an Irish entomologist Born in Exmouth, Devon Kane lived at Drumreaske Housein Monaghan.	William Francis de Vismes Kane	1918
date of death	Alex Ebel (November 14, 1923 -- December 6, 2013) was a science fiction and fantasy illustrator.	Alex Ebel	2013
date of death	Harald Normann (15 February 1893 -- 18 June 1978 ) was a Norwegian military officer and non-fiction writer.	Harald Normann	18 June 1978
date of death	Sir Shah Muhammad Sulaiman (3 February 1886 -- 12 March 1941) (popularly known as Sir Shah Sulaiman or Sir Sulaiman) was the Chief Justice of the Allahabad High Court from 16 March 1932 to 30 September 1937 and was the first Indian and one of the youngest ever to hold this coveted post.	Shah Muhammad Sulaiman	12 March 1941
date of death	Barkhad Awale Adan, also spelled Burkhat, (1950? -- 24 August 2010) was a Somali journalist.	Barkhad Awale Adan	24 August 2010
date of death	Wilbur Harris (28 May 1912 - 28 June 1981) was an Australian rules footballer who played for South Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Wilbur Harris	28 June 1981
date of death	Admiral of the Fleet Sir (George) Rodney Mundy, GCB (19 April 1805 -- 23 December 1884) was a Royal Navy officer.	Rodney Mundy	23 December 1884
date of death	Cyrille Verbrugge (9 November 1866 -- 1929) was a Belgian Olympic fencer.	Cyrille Verbrugge	1929
date of death	Samuel Bogart (2 April 1797 -- 11 March 1861) was an itinerant Methodist minister and militia captain from Ray County, Missouri who played a prominent role in the 1838 Missouri Mormon War before later moving to Collin County, Texas, where he became a Texas Ranger and a member of the Texas State Legislature.	Samuel Bogart	11 March 1861
date of death	Nancy Price, CBE (3 February 1880 -- 31 March 1970), was an English actress on stage and screen, author and theatre director.	Nancy Price	31 March 1970
date of death	Kenton Couse (1721 -- 10 October 1790) was an English architect and Secretary to the Board of Works from 1775 to 1782.	Kenton Couse	10 October 1790
date of death	Hermann Kinkelin (11 November 1832 -- 2 January 1913) was a Swiss mathematician and politician.	Hermann Kinkelin	2 January 1913
date of death	Arthur Walters Wills BA, LLB (1868-17 November 1948), was a British Liberal Party politician.	Arthur Walters Wills	17 November 1948
date of death	Charles Masson Fox (9 November 1866 -- 11 October 1935) was a Cornish businessman who achieved international prominence in the world of chess problems and a place in the gay history of Edwardian England.	Charles Masson Fox	11 October 1935
date of death	Charles Troedel (1835/6 Hamburg -- 1906) (born Johannes Thedor Carl Troedel) was a German-born lithographic printer prominent in Melbourne during the late 19th century.	Charles Troedel	1906
date of death	David of Augsburg (early 13th century -- 19 November 1272) was a medieval German mystic, and a Franciscan friar.	David of Augsburg	1272
date of death	Lieutenant-General Lij Abiye Abebe, KBE, (1918 -- 23 November 1974) was an Ethiopian politician and son-in-law of Emperor Haile Selassie.	Abiye Abebe	23 November 1974
date of death	Millard Webb (6 December 1893 -- 21 April 1935), was an American screenwriter and director.	Millard Webb	21 April 1935
date of death	Though Heinz List died in 1988, he is remembered both as a pioneering engineer -- one of only 26 members of the Polymer Processing Hall of Fame at the University of Akron, Ohio, USA -- and as a business leader.	Heinz List	1988
date of death	Veronica Castang (April 22, 1938--November 5, 1988) was a British film, stage and television actress.	Veronica Castang	1988
date of death	Sir Thomas Maclear (17 March 1794 -- 14 July 1879) was an Irish-born South African astronomer who became Her Majesty's astronomer at the Cape of Good Hope.	Thomas Maclear	14 July 1879
date of death	Robert McGregor Innes Ireland (12 June 1930 -- 22 October 1993), was a British military officer, engineer, and motor racing driver.	Innes Ireland	22 October 1993
date of death	Arthur Hauffe (20 December 1892 -- 22 July 1944) was a German career soldier.	Arthur Hauffe	22 July 1944
date of death	Thomas Savage, 3rd Earl Rivers (c. 1628 -- 14 September 1694) was an English peer.	Thomas Savage, 3rd Earl Rivers	14 September 1694
date of death	Marceli Harasimowicz (1859, Warsaw - 1935, Lwów) was a Polish landscape painter and museum curator.	Marceli Harasimowicz	1935
date of death	Ye Chengzhong (simplified Chinese: 叶澄衷; traditional Chinese: 葉澄衷; pinyin: Yè Chéngzhōng 1840--1899), was a Chinese businessman active during the final years of the Qing Dynasty and a pioneer in the hardware industry who also made considerable contributions to education.	Ye Chengzhong	1899
date of death	Sir David Milne-Watson (10 March 1869 -- 3 October 1945) was a Scottish industrialist who served as managing director of the Gas Light and Coke Company between 1916 and 1945, and president of the National Gas Council of Great Britain and Ireland from 1919 to 1943.	David Milne-Watson	3 October 1945
date of death	Seán Ó Síocháin (24 March 1914 -- 2 February 1997) was an Irish footballer, hurler and ballad-singer who became General-Secretary of the GAA.	Seán Ó Síocháin	2 February 1997
date of death	George S. Griggs (1805-1870) was a pioneer master mechanic in the earliest days of railroading in the United States.	George S. Griggs	1870
date of death	Joseph J. Daniels (1826--1916), most commonly known as J. J. Daniels, was an American bridge builder active in Indiana.	J. J. Daniels	1916
date of death	Julius Stern (8 August 1820 -- 27 February 1883) was a Jewish-German musical pedagogue and composer.	Julius Stern	27 February 1883
date of death	Jean Wade Rindlaub (9 February 1904 -- 19 December 1991) was one of the first American women to become a major advertising executive.	Jean Wade Rindlaub	19 December 1991
date of death	Rabbi Yom-Tov Ehrlich (1914--1990) was a renowned Hasidic musician, composer, lyricist, recording artist, and popular entertainer known for his popular Yiddish music albums.	Yom-Tov Ehrlich	1990
date of death	John Fisher (c. 19 October 1469 -- 22 June 1535), venerated by Roman Catholics as Saint John Fisher, was an English Catholic bishop and theologian.	John Fisher	22 June 1535
date of death	Birger Ljungberg (7 June 1884 -- 20 April 1967) was the Norwegian Minister of Defence 1939--1942.	Birger Ljungberg	1967
date of death	Matthew Wesenbeck (Dutch: Mattheus van Wesenbeek; French: Mathieu Wesembeke; Latin: Matthaeus Wesenbecius) (25 October 1531 -- 5 June 1586) was a Belgian jurist and a student of Gabriel Mudaeus.	Matthew Wesenbeck	5 June 1586
date of death	Lauritz Weidemann (27 November 1775 -- 1 August 1856) was a Norwegian judge, civil servant and politician.	Lauritz Weidemann	1 August 1856
date of death	Olive Banks (2 July 1923 -- 14 September 2006) was a professor at Leicester University who worked upon the sociology of education and the history of feminism.	Olive Banks	2006
date of death	William Edward Love (1806--1867) was an English impressionist.	William Edward Love	1867
date of death	Henry de Maunsfeld DD (also Henry Mansfield, Maunsfeild, Maunsfield, Maunnesfeld, Mammesfeld, or Maymysfeld; died 1328) was an English medieval theologian, philosopher, churchman, college fellow, and university chancellor.	Henry de Maunsfeld	1328
date of death	Osama Youssef Kashmoula was a Governor of Mosul killed during an attack in 2004.	Osama Youssef Kashmoula	2004
date of death	Arabella Chapman (1859--1927) was an African-American woman who is best remembered for being the first student to graduate from upstate New York's Albany School for Educating People of Color, later known as Albany High School.	Arabella Chapman	1927
date of death	Sabine Zlatin (13 January 1907 -- 21 September 1996) was a Polish-born Frenchwoman who hid Jewish children during World War II.	Sabine Zlatin	21 September 1996
date of death	Louis Charles Folliot de Crenneville (3 July 1763 -- 21 June 1840) joined the French royal navy in the 1770s.	Louis Charles Folliot de Crenneville	21 June 1840
date of death	Sarah Harlowe (1765--1852) was a popular actress of the London stage around the turn of the 19th century.	Sarah Harlowe	1852
date of death	Dongshan Liangjie (807--869) (Chinese: 洞山良价; pinyin: Dòngshān Liángjiè; Wade--Giles: Tung-shan Liang-chieh; Japanese: Tōzan Ryōkai; Korean: Tongsan Lianggye; Vietnamese: Động Sơn Lương Giới) was a Chan Buddhist monk of ninth-century China.	Dongshan Liangjie	869
date of death	Therese Grob (16 November 1798 -- 17 March 1875) was the first love of the composer Franz Schubert.	Therese Grob	17 March 1875
date of death	Major General Bruce Alexander McDonald AO, DSO, OBE, MC (23 March 1925 -- 23 March 1993) was a senior officer in the Australian Army, seeing service in the Second World War, the Indonesia-Malaysia Confrontation and the Vietnam War.	Bruce Alexander McDonald	23 March 1993
date of death	Ken Battefield (died 1967) was a prolific comic book artist in the 1940s and early 1950s, during the Golden Age of Comic Books.	Ken Battefield	1967
date of death	Güzelce Ali Pasha (Ali Pasha the Handsome; died 9 March 1621), also known as Çelebi Ali Pasha or İstanköylü Ali Pasha, was an Ottoman statesman.	Güzelce Ali Pasha	9 March 1621
date of death	Li Yantu (李彥圖) (died 913) was a ruler of Qian Prefecture (虔州, in modern Ganzhou, Jiangxi) from 912 to 913, early in the Chinese Five Dynasties and Ten Kingdoms period.	Li Yantu	913
date of death	Jackie Law, Jr died in 1996 and remained a committed QoS fan right up until his death.	Jackie Law, Jr	1996
date of death	Heinrich Bullinger (18 July 1504 -- 17 September 1575) was a Swiss reformer, the successor of Huldrych Zwingli as head of the Zurich church and pastor at Grossmünster.	Heinrich Bullinger	17 September 1575
date of death	Queen Cheorin (철인왕후 김씨, 23 March 1837 -- 12 May 1878), her family name Kim, was a Queen consort of Korea and the wife of King Cheoljong of Joseon.	Queen Cheorin	12 May 1878
date of death	Harry Caples (1898--1933) was an Australian representative rugby league player.	Harry Caples	1933
date of death	Henry Cass (24 June 1902 - 1989) was an English film director, particularly prolific in the horror and comedy genres.	Henry Cass	1989
date of death	John IV, Lord of Arkel (also known as Jan Herbaren of Arkel; d. 5 May 1360) was Lord of Arkel from 1326 until his death.	John IV, Lord of Arkel	5 May 1360
date of death	Louis Van Hege (8 May 1889 -- 24 June 1975) was a Belgian football Inside-Forward who played for AC Milan from 1910 to 1915, scoring 97 goals during five Italian Football Championship seasons.	Louis Van Hege	24 June 1975
date of death	Malcolm Quantrill (25 May 1931 -- 22 September 2009) was a British architect, academic and architecture theorist.	Malcolm Quantrill	22 September 2009
date of death	Lesser Samuels (26 July 1894 - 22 December 1980) enjoyed a 20-year career as a Hollywood screenwriter.	Lesser Samuels	22 December 1980
date of death	Gödeke Michels (Low Saxon; died 1402), also known as Gottfried Michaelsen in High German, was a German pirate and one of the leaders of the Likedeeler, a combination of former Vitalienbrüder.	Gottfried Michaelsen	1402
date of death	Vladimir-Georg Karassev-Orgusaar (born Vladimir-Georg-Julian Orgusaar, from 1953 to 1976 Vladimir Karasjov) 14 December 1931 -- 27 January 2015) was an Estonian film director.	Vladimir-Georg Karassev-Orgusaar	27 January 2015
date of death	Leopoldo Burlando (1841--1915) was an Italian painter, mainly painting cityscapes and vedute.	Leopoldo Burlando	1915
date of death	Nina Pens Rode (22 May 1929 -- 22 July 1992), was a Danish actress best known for her 1964 performance in the title role in Gertrud, Carl Theodor Dreyer's final film.	Nina Pens Rode	22 July 1992
date of death	Henry Morgan Saxon Mellish (14 March 1970 -- 7 March 2007), better known as Morgan Mellish, was an Australian journalist.	Morgan Mellish	7 March 2007
date of death	Henry I, Count of Nassau-Beilstein (1307-1388) was a son of Henry I of Nassau-Siegen and his wife, Adelaide of Heinsberg-Blankenberg.	Henry I, Count of Nassau-Beilstein	1388
date of death	James Hamilton, 1st Earl of Arran and 2nd Lord Hamilton (ca. 1475--1529) was a Scottish nobleman and first cousin of James IV of Scotland.	James Hamilton, 1st Earl of Arran	1529
date of death	Jean-Noël Tassez (18 March 1956 -- 2 October 2015) was a French journalist, mainly focusing on human affairs.	Jean-Noël Tassez	2 October 2015
date of death	Francis Fisher Browne (December 1, 1843 -- 1913) was an American editor, poet, and critic.	Francis Fisher Browne	1913
date of death	Michael McGurk (died 22 June 1948) was a nationalist politician and farmer in Northern Ireland.	Michael McGurk	22 June 1948
date of death	Arthur Hill Gilbert (June 10, 1893-- April 1970) was an American Impressionist painter, notable as one of the practitioners of the California-style.	Arthur Hill Gilbert	1970
date of death	Hans Aarnes (6 May 1886 -- 25 October 1960) was a Norwegian entrepreneur, journalist, newspaper editor, magazine editor, publisher and proponent for the Nynorsk language.	Hans Aarnes	25 October 1960
date of death	Giuseppe Felice Tosi (28 February 1619 -- before 14 December 1693) was an Italian composer and organist, and the father of Pier Francesco Tosi, also a successful composer.	Giuseppe Felice Tosi	1693
date of death	Pete Welding (15 November 1935 - 17 November 1995) was an American blues historian, archivist and record producer.	Pete Welding	17 November 1995
date of death	Otto Richard Kierulf (29 January 1825 -- 7 January 1897) was a Norwegian military officer, politician and sports administrator.	Otto Richard Kierulf	7 January 1897
date of death	Dr. Arthur George Hill (12 November 1857 -- 16 June 1923) was a British organ builder and drawer.	Arthur George Hill	16 June 1923
date of death	Edward Hartley Dewart (1828 -- 17 June 1903) was an Irish-born Canadian Methodist clergyman, author and editor.	Edward Hartley Dewart	17 June 1903
date of death	Jack O'Loughlin (10 August 1873 -- 8 August 1960) was an Australian rules footballer who played for Geelong and St Kilda in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Jack O'Loughlin	8 August 1960
date of death	Pacecco De Rosa (byname of Giovanni Francesco De Rosa; 17 December 1607 - 1656) was an Italian painter, active in Naples.	Pacecco De Rosa	1656
date of death	Mark Bytheway (22 July 1963 -- 9 July 2010) was an England International Quiz player best known for becoming Quizzing World Champion in 2008 and winning the Top Brain competition of Brain of Britain.	Mark Bytheway	9 July 2010
date of death	Moody Jolley (March 23, 1910 - February, 1976) was an American thoroughbred horse racing owner, breeder and trainer.	Moody Jolley	1976
date of death	Mary Vincent Conway, Sister of Charity and educator, c.18 June 1815 -- 27 May 1892.	Mary Vincent Conway	1892
date of death	Christopher Vose (27 January 1887 -- 22 August 1970) was an English cross-country runner.	Christopher Vose	22 August 1970
date of death	Gabriele Dara (1826--1885) commonly known as Gavril Dara Junior (Albanian: Gavril Dara i Ri, Italian: Gabriele Dara il Giovane) was an Arbëreshë politician and poet of the 19th century.	Gabriele Dara	1885
date of death	Polde Bibič (3 February 1933 -- 13 July 2012) was a Slovenian stage and film actor, a writer, and an academic professor, best known for his role in the film Flowers in Autumn and his work in theatre, Bibič was a recipient of several top awards in the field of arts in Slovenia.	Polde Bibič	13 July 2012
date of death	Aldo Maldera (14 October 1953 -- 1 August 2012) was an Italian footballer, who played as a fullback or as a wide midfielder on the left.	Aldo Maldera	1 August 2012
date of death	Andrew Dewar Gibb MBE KC (13 February 1888 -- 24 January 1974) was a Scottish advocate, barrister, professor and politician.	Andrew Dewar Gibb	24 January 1974
date of death	Joseph Baylee, D.D. (1808--1883), was a theological writer.	Joseph Baylee	1883
date of death	Max Noether, occasionally spelled Max Nöther, (24 September 1844 -- 13 December 1921) was a German mathematician who worked on algebraic geometry and the theory of algebraic functions.	Max Noether	13 December 1921
date of death	Sikandar Shah Suri (died 1559) was the sixth ruler of Sur dynasty, a late medieval Pashtun dynasty of northern India.	Sikandar Shah Suri	1559
date of death	Milton Malek-Yonan (1904--2002) was an Assyrian entrepreneur and inventor.	Milton Malek-Yonan	2002
date of death	David E. Goldman (1910--1998) was a scientist famous for the Goldman equation which he derived for his doctorate degree at Columbia University.	David E. Goldman	1998
date of death	François Bovon (13 March 1938 -- 1 November 2013) was a Swiss biblical scholar and historian of early Christianity.	François Bovon	1 November 2013
date of death	Carolyn Merrick (1825-1908) was described by Frances Willard of the Women's Christian Temperance Union (WCTU) as a 'lady who can make the WCTU a success, even in the volatile city of Mardi Gras.	Carolyn Merrick	1908
date of death	Sir Clifford Clifton (1626 - June 1670) was an English landowner and politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1659.	Clifford Clifton	1670
date of death	Rinchen Gyaltsen (Wylie: Rin c'en rgyal mts'an) (1238 -- 24 March 1279) was a Tibetan imperial preceptor at the court of the Mongol Yuan dynasty.	Rinchen Gyaltsen	1279
date of death	Ralph Linton (27 February 1893 -- 24 December 1953) was a respected American anthropologist of the mid-20th century, particularly remembered for his texts The Study of Man (1936) and The Tree of Culture (1955).	Ralph Linton	24 December 1953
date of death	Countess Palatine Dorothea of Simmern (6 January 1581 -- 18 September 1631) was a Countess Palatine of Simmern by birth and Princess of Anhalt-Dessau by marriage.	Countess Palatine Dorothea of Simmern	18 September 1631
date of death	William Marshall Craig (died 1827) was an English painter who exhibited at times at the Royal Academy, from 1788 until 1827.	William Marshall Craig	1827
date of death	Joseph John Jenkins (1811 -- 1885) was an English engraver and water-colour painter.	Joseph John Jenkins	1885
date of death	Maddi Sudarsanam (b: 1906 - d: 1994) was an Indian Parliamentarian.	Maddi Sudarsanam	1994
date of death	Antonio Margil (18 August 1657 -- 6 August 1726) was a Spanish (American) Franciscan missionary in North and Central America.	Antonio Margil	6 August 1726
date of death	Louis, Hereditary Prince of Lorraine (28 January 1704 -- 10 May 1711) was heir apparent to the throne of the sovereign Duchy of Lorraine.	Louis, Hereditary Prince of Lorraine	10 May 1711
date of death	Marco Acerbi (Aosta, 29 April 1949-Cervinia, 24 July 1989) was an Italian hurdler.	Marco Acerbi	24 July 1989
date of death	Gerard Hoffnung (22 March 1925 -- 28 September 1959) was an artist and musician, best known for his humorous works.	Gerard Hoffnung	28 September 1959
date of death	Timothy Matlack (May 28, 1736 -- April 14, 1829) was a brewer and beer bottler who emerged as a popular revolutionary leader and powerful official in the American Revolutionary War.	Timothy Matlack	1829
date of death	Raymond Bessone (11 May 1911 -- 17 April 1992), known as Mr Teasy-Weasy, Teasie Weasie Raymond and various combinations of these, was a British hairdresser from the 1930s to the 1960s.	Raymond Bessone	17 April 1992
date of death	Leo George Rigler (16 October 1896, Minneapolis -- 25 October 1979) was an American radiologist remembered for describing Rigler's sign.	Leo George Rigler	25 October 1979
date of death	Francis Playford (1825 - 39 September 1896) was a British rower who won the Wingfield Sculls in 1849 and the pairs oars at Henley Royal Regatta.	Francis Playford	1896
date of death	Enrico Del Debbio (26 May 1891 -- 12 July 1973) was an Italian architect and university professor.	Enrico Del Debbio	12 July 1973
date of death	Karol Castillo (29 August 1989 -- 10 April 2013) was a model and beauty pageant contestant from Peru.	Karol Castillo	10 April 2013
date of death	Antoni Kocjan (12 August 1902 -- 13 August 1944) was a renowned Polish glider constructor and a contributor to the intelligence services of the Polish Home Army during World War II. Antoni was the son of Michal Kocjan and Franciszka Zurowska, born in the village of Skalskie near Olkusz.	Antoni Kocjan	13 August 1944
date of death	Further, Cameron points out that during his lifetime Macrobius was referred to as ``Theodosius'', and looking for that name Cameron found a Theodosius who was praetorian prefect of Italy in 430.	Macrobius	430
date of death	Carlo Severini (10 March 1872 -- 11 May 1951) was an Italian mathematician: he was born in Arcevia (Province of Ancona) and died in Pesaro.	Carlo Severini	11 May 1951
date of death	Nils Middelboe (5 October 1887 in Brunnby, Sweden -- 21 September 1976) was a Danish amateur athlete and football player as well as a football referee and leader.	Nils Middelboe	21 September 1976
date of death	Toni Iordache (December 17, 1942 -- February 1988) was a Romani-Romanian lăutar and one of the most famous cimbalom (Romanian: ţambal) players in the world.	Toni Iordache	1988
date of death	Nina Bourne (1916--2010) was a publishing executive for more than 70 years for both Simon & Schuster and Alfred A. Knopf.	Nina Bourne	2010
date of death	Yusuf Shihab (1748--1790) was the autonomous emir of Mount Lebanon between 1770 and 1789.	Yusuf Shihab	1770
date of death	Franz Eisenhut (Hungarian: Eisenhut Ferencz; Serbian: Франц Ајзенхут; 25 January 1857 -- 2 June 1903) was a prominent Danube Swabian Realist and Orientalist painter.	Franz Eisenhut	2 June 1903
date of death	Nik Novecento (19 February 1964 -- 15 October 1987) was an Italian actor and television personality.	Nik Novecento	15 October 1987
date of death	Uurad or Ferat son of Bargoit (died 842) was king of the Picts, perhaps from 839 to 842.	Uurad	842
date of death	The Hon. Sir Anthony Oliphant (1793--1859) was a British lawyer who was the eighth Chief Justice of Ceylon.	Anthony Oliphant	1859
date of death	Saborios or Saborius (Greek: Σαβώριος) was a Byzantine general who rose in revolt against Emperor Constans II (r. 641--668) in 667--668.	Saborios	668
date of death	George van den Bergh (25 April 1890, Oss -- 3 October 1966, Oegstgeest) was a Dutch law professor and amateur astronomer.	George van den Bergh	3 October 1966
date of death	Anthony Parkinson, O.F.M. (1667 -- 30 January 1728) was an English Franciscan friar and historian of his Order.	Anthony Parkinson	30 January 1728
date of death	Mervyn Murphy (1912--1971) was an Australian filmmaker who started Supreme Sound Studios in Sydney in 1935.	Mervyn Murphy	1971
date of death	Gordon Burford (3 August 1919 -- 12 March 2010) was an Australian model engine designer and manufacturer.	Gordon Burford	12 March 2010
date of death	Michael Joseph Bulger (15 May 1867 -- 20 July 1938) was an Irish rugby player, athlete and medical doctor.	Michael Joseph Bulger	20 July 1938
date of death	Cathay Williams (September 1844 - 1892) was an American soldier.	Cathay Williams	1892
date of death	Luke Garnons (died 12 February 1615) was an English merchant and politician who sat in the House of Commons variously between 1584 and 1601.	Luke Garnons	1615
date of death	Peter Paul Brang (1852--1925) was a Viennese architect who worked in what are today the Czech Republic and Slovenia, as well as in Bulgaria and Romania.	Peter Paul Brang	1925
date of death	Alvah Augustus Eaton (1865--1908) was an American botanist who described many species of pteridophytes, orchids and grass.	Alvah Augustus Eaton	1908
date of death	Gregory Stapleton D.D. (1748--1802) was an English Roman Catholic bishop.	Gregory Stapleton	1802
date of death	Eugenio Renazzi also surnamed Renazzi del Castello (Rome, 1863- 1914) was an Italian painter, painting genre and Orientalist subjects.	Eugenio Renazzi	1914
date of death	Matthew II Izmirlian (Armenian: Մատթէոս Բ. Կոնստանդնուպոլսեցի (Իզմիրլեան), Matthew II of Constantinople; 22 February 1845 -- 11 December 1910) was the Catholicos of All Armenians of the Armenian Apostolic Church at the Mother See of Holy Etchmiadzin in 1908--1910.	Matthew II Izmirlian	11 December 1910
date of death	Enrique Miret Magdalena (12 January 1914 -- 12 October 2009) was a lay theologian who specialised in ethics and sociology.	Enrique Miret Magdalena	12 October 2009
date of death	Major-General Sir Hugh McCalmont KCB CVO (1845 -- 2 May 1924) was a British politician.	Hugh McCalmont	2 May 1924
date of death	Syed Nazmul Haque, (Bengali: সৈয়দ নাজমুল হক;1941 -- 14 December 1971) born in the district of Khulna, was a martyred Bengali Journalist.	Syed Nazmul Haque	14 December 1971
date of death	Chilakalapudi Seeta Rama Anjaneyulu (11 July 1907 -- 8 October 1963), better known as C. S. R. Anjaneyulu or just CSR was an Indian film actor best known for his appearances in Telugu Cinema.	Chilakalapudi Seeta Rama Anjaneyulu	8 October 1963
date of death	Eldon Lee Whittler (July 7, 1935-January 2001), known by his stage name Smasher Sloan, was an American professional wrestler who wrestled for the World Wide Wrestling Federation (WWWF) in the 1960s and early 1970s.	Smasher Sloan	2001
date of death	Kalyan Kumar (28 July 1928 -- 1 August 1999), born as Chokkanna, was an Indian film actor, and an occasional film director and producer, who worked primarily in Kannada and Tamil cinema.	Kalyan Kumar	1 August 1999
date of death	Admiral Bernard Currey (11 May 1862 - 6 June 1936) was a Royal Navy officer who commanded the 5th Battle Squadron.	Bernard Currey	6 June 1936
date of death	Betty Radice (3 January 1912 -- 19 February 1985) was a literary editor and translator.	Betty Radice	19 February 1985
date of death	Geoffrey Crowther, Baron Crowther (13 May 1907 -- 5 February 1972) was a British economist, journalist, educationalist and businessman.	Geoffrey Crowther, Baron Crowther	5 February 1972
date of death	Josef Keil (13 October 1878 -- 13 December 1963) was an Austrian historian, epigrapher and an archaeologist.	Josef Keil	13 December 1963
date of death	Walter Frederick Whittard (1902--1966) was professor of geology at the University of Bristol.	Walter Frederick Whittard	1966
date of death	Laurence John Hartley Teakle (2 August 1901 -- 8 December 1979) was Professor of Agriculture from 1947 until 1963 at the University of Queensland in Brisbane, Australia.	Hartley Teakle	8 December 1979
date of death	Sir Henry North, 1st Baronet (c 1609 -- 29 August 1671) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons variously between 1656 and 1671.	Sir Henry North, 1st Baronet	29 August 1671
date of death	Joseph A. Pechman (1918--1989) was a highly influential economist and taxation scholar in the United States.	Joseph A. Pechman	1989
date of death	Bernie Knee (Feb. 14, 1924, New York City -- Nov. 20, 1994, Fort Lauderdale) was an actor and singer/musician.	Bernie Knee	1994
date of death	Pieter Adrianus Ossewaarde (14 August 1775 -- 21 March 1853) was a Dutch technocratic politician, who was twice interim Minister of Finance, the first time from April to June 1828 and the second time in May and June 1848 after the resignation of Gerrit Schimmelpenninck.	Pieter Adrianus Ossewaarde	21 March 1853
date of death	James Hatley Frere (1779--1866), was an English writer on prophecy.	James Hatley Frere	1866
date of death	Luo Yi (Chinese: 羅藝) (died 627), known during service to Tang Dynasty as Li Yi (李藝), courtesy name Ziyan (子延) or Ziting (子廷), was a Sui Dynasty official who rose against the rule of Emperor Yang of Sui and occupied the modern Beijing region.	Luo Yi	627
date of death	John Mottley (1692--1750) was an English writer, known as a dramatist, biographer, and compiler of jokes.	John Mottley	1750
date of death	Tote Du Crow (1858--12 December 1927) was a Native American silent film actor originally from Watsonville, California.	Tote Du Crow	12 December 1927
date of death	Knud Olsen (1919 on Præstø -- 31 August 2010 in Bandholm) is a Danish builder and designer of boats, who designed one of the most popular sailing dinghies in use over the past 50 years, the OK Dinghy, which became an ISAF International Class in 1974.	Knud Olsen	2010
date of death	George Goldsmith (11 March 1905 -- 1974) was a professional footballer who played for Bishop Auckland, Loftus Albion F.C., Hull City, Tottenham Hotspur and Bolton Wanderers.	George Goldsmith	1974
date of death	Christopher Brinchmann (1 April 1864 -- 26 February 1940) was a Norwegian historian and archivist.	Christopher Brinchmann	1940
date of death	Jane Pope (1744 -- 30 July 1818) was an English actress, daughter of a London theatrical wig-maker.	Jane Pope	30 July 1818
date of death	John Paul Rylands, FSA (1846 -- 2 March 1923, Birkenhead), was an English barrister, genealogist and topographer.	John Paul Rylands	2 March 1923
date of death	Lina Pires de Campos née Del Vecchio (18 June 1918 -- 14 April 2003) was a Brazilian pianist, music educator and composer of both classical and popular music.	Lina Pires de Campos	14 April 2003
date of death	Robert Lugar (1773 -- 23 June 1855), was an English architect and engineer in the Industrial Revolution.	Robert Lugar	23 June 1855
date of death	Margaret Ely Webb (1877--1965) was an American illustrator, printmaker, and bookplate artist.	Margaret Ely Webb	1965
date of death	Lambert Hitchcock (May 28, 1795, Cheshire, Connecticut -- 1852) was an American furniture manufacturer, famous for designing and mass-producing the Hitchcock chair.	Lambert Hitchcock	1852
date of death	Sir Thomas Rouse, 1st Baronet (27 March 1608 - 26 May 1676) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons variously between 1654 and 1660.	Thomas Rouse	26 May 1676
date of death	Stewart Judah (February 16, 1893 - June 11, 1966) began a career in magic in 1920.	Stewart Judah	1966
date of death	Dale Nichols (1904 -- October 19, 1995), also published under his full name, Dale William Nichols, was an American visual artist whose works included illustrations, paintings, lithographs, and wood carvings.	Dale Nichols	1995
date of death	Christian Gullager (March 1, 1759 -- November 12, 1826) was a Danish-American artist specializing in portraits and theatrical scenery in the late 18th century.	Christian Gullager	1826
date of death	Edward Valpy (1764--1832) was an English cleric, classical scholar and schoolteacher.	Edward Valpy	1832
date of death	Kent Durden (1937--2007) was an American wildlife photographer, documentary producer and writer.	Kent Durden	2007
date of death	Jovan Ružić (Serbian Cyrillic: Јован Ружић), (12 December 1898 -- 25 September 1973) was a Serbian footballer.	Jovan Ružić	25 September 1973
date of death	Count August of Legnica (Polish: August hrabia legnicki; German: Graf August von Liegnitz; Brzeg, 21 August 1627 -- Siebenhufen near Przeworno, 14 May 1679), was a member of the House of Piast.	August of Legnica	14 May 1679
date of death	Joseph Wild (also Wilde) (c.1759 or 1773--1847) was an early explorer of Australia.	Joseph Wild	1847
date of death	Mario Zanini, or simply Zanini (September 10, 1907 in São Paulo -- August 16, 1971 in São Paulo), was a Brazilian painter and interior designer.	Mario Zanini	1971
date of death	Gordon Abbott (26 September 1914 - 19 April 1986) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Geelong and Essendon in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Gordon Abbott	19 April 1986
date of death	Sebastiaen van Aken or Sebastiaen Aken (bapt. 31 March 1648 - 21 November 1722) was a Flemish historical painter.	Sebastiaen van Aken	21 November 1722
date of death	Leontius of Caesarea (died 337) was a bishop of Caesarea Mazaca, in Cappadocia.	Leontius of Caesarea	337
date of death	Kalidas Nag (1892-1966) was an Indian historian, author and parliamentarian.	Kalidas Nag	1966
date of death	Samuel Caldwell Nicholson (died 1891) was a British trade unionist.	Samuel Caldwell Nicholson	1891
date of death	Dorrit Cohn (1924 -- 10 March 2012) was a scholar of German and Comparative Literature whose work centered on the formal analysis of narrative fiction.	Dorrit Cohn	10 March 2012
date of death	P. Dawood Shah (Tamil: பா. தாவூத் ஷா) (1885-1969) was a Tamil scholar and activist.	P. Dawood Shah	1969
date of death	Preserved Smith (July 22, 1880 -- May 15, 1941) was an American historian of the Protestant Reformation.	Preserved Smith	1941
date of death	Archimandrite Ilya Denisov (22 January 1893 in Saint Petersburg, Russian Empire -- 7 September 1971 in Chicago, USA) was a Russian Greek-Catholic priest.	Ilya Denisov	7 September 1971
date of death	Lady Anne Barnard (née Lindsay; 12 December 1750 -- 6 May 1825) was a Scottish travel writer, artist and socialite, and the author of the ballad Auld Robin Gray.	Lady Anne Barnard	6 May 1825
date of death	Richard Fenner Burges (1873--1945) was a Texan attorney, legislator and conservationist.	Richard Fenner Burges	1945
date of death	Venant de Viviers (d. 544) was the Bishop of Viviers in the Ardèche, southern France.	Venant de Viviers	544
date of death	Horace Fisher (3 August 1903 -- 16 April 1974) was an English first-class cricketer, who played fifty two games for Yorkshire County Cricket Club between 1928 and 1936.	Horace Fisher	16 April 1974
date of death	William Malcolm Hailey, 1st Baron Hailey OM GCSI GCMG GCIE PC (15 February 1872 -- 1 June 1969), known as Sir Malcolm Hailey between 1921 and 1936, was a British peer and administrator in British India.	Malcolm Hailey, 1st Baron Hailey	1 June 1969
date of death	George Halket or Hacket (died 1756), was a Scottish poet and songwriter.	George Halket	1756
date of death	Alfred Hope Patten (17 November 1885, Town Brewery, Sidmouth - 11 August 1958, The College, Little Walsingham), known as Pat to his friends, was an Anglo-Catholic priest in the Church of England, best known for his restoration of the shrine of Our Lady of Walsingham.	Hope Patten	11 August 1958
date of death	Charles Anselm Bolton (1905 to 1970) was for many years a priest of the Roman Catholic Church, being the Priest of Salford Diocese in 1950.	Charles Anselm Bolton	1970
date of death	Catarina Wentin (1637-1707) was a Swedish (originally German) midwife, official midwife of the royal court.	Catarina Wentin	1707
date of death	Karl Zsigmondy (Hungarian pronunciation: (ˈʒiɡmondi)) (27 March 1867 - 14 October 1925) was an Austrian mathematician of Hungarian ethnicity.	Karl Zsigmondy	14 October 1925
date of death	George Norman Douglas (8 December 1868 -- 7 February 1952) was a British writer, now best known for his 1917 novel South Wind.	Norman Douglas	7 February 1952
date of death	Valentin de Boulogne (before 3 January 1591 -- 19 August 1632), sometimes referred to as Le Valentin, was a French painter in the tenebrist style.	Valentin de Boulogne	19 August 1632
date of death	Silvia Cambir (24 January 1924 - 2007) is a Romanian Expressionist painter, portraitist, and book illustrator.	Silvia Cambir	2007
date of death	Emmanuel McEachern (ca 1816 -- November 5, 1875) was a farmer and political figure on Prince Edward Island.	Emmanuel McEachern	1875
date of death	Wally Mutimer (30 July 1907 -- 14 October 1984) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton and Fitzroy in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Wally Mutimer	14 October 1984
date of death	Dezső Pattantyús-Ábrahám de Dancka (10 July 1875 -- 25 July 1973) was a conservative Hungarian politician who served as Prime Minister and temporary Minister of Finance of the second counter-revolutionary government in Szeged for one month in 1919.	Dezső Pattantyús-Ábrahám	25 July 1973
date of death	Doug Palmer (23 June 1930 -- 23 November 1992) was an Australian rules footballer who played for Geelong in the Victorian Football League (VFL) during the early 1950s.	Doug Palmer	23 November 1992
date of death	Bernhard Erasmus von Deroy (11 December 1743 -- 23 August 1812) from the Electorate of the Palatinate became a noted general officer in the army of Bavaria.	Bernhard Erasmus von Deroy	23 August 1812
date of death	Memduh Ünlütürk (died 7 April 1991) was a Turkish general associated with the Counter-Guerrilla and the anti-communist Ziverbey interrogations following the 1971 coup.	Memduh Ünlütürk	7 April 1991
date of death	Alexander Zeitlin (28 August 1900 in Russia -- 19 April 1998) was a prominent figure in the US Air Force major press design program following the Second World War and Korean War years.	Alexander Zeitlin	19 April 1998
date of death	Norman Maen (1932 -- 22 April 2008, born ``Norman Maternaghan'') was a director and choreographer.	Norman Maen	22 April 2008
date of death	Na'od (Amharic: ናዖስ?) (? -- 31 July 1508) was Emperor (nəgusä nägäst) (1494 - 31 July 1508) of Ethiopia, and a member of the Solomonic dynasty.	Na'od	31 July 1508
date of death	Jean Victor Mottez (31 October 1866 in Paris -- 7 December 1942 in Saint Gervais D'Auvergne) was a French naval officer.	Jean Victor Mottez	7 December 1942
date of death	Nora Connolly O'Brien (1893 -- 17 June 1981) was an activist and writer; she was also a member of the Irish Senate.	Nora Connolly O'Brien	17 June 1981
date of death	Flann mac Congalaig (died 812) was a King of Brega from the Uí Chonaing sept of Cnogba (Knowth) of the Síl nÁedo Sláine branch of the southern Ui Neill.	Flann mac Congalaig	812
date of death	Teddy Johnston (3 September 1891 -- 3 October 1922) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Teddy Johnston	3 October 1922
date of death	John Hawkin (fl. 1397-1406), of Huntingdon and Great Gidding, Huntingdonshire, was an English politician.	John Hawkin	1406
date of death	Murong Hui (慕容廆), (269--333) Xianbei chief and Duke Xiang of Liaodong, posthumously honored as Prince Wuxuan of Yan.	Murong Hui	333
date of death	Georg Ulrich Wasmuth (19 March 1788 -- 16 October 1814) was a Norwegian military officer and who served as a representative at the Norwegian Constitutional Assembly.	Georg Ulrich Wasmuth	1814
date of death	Ilia Fibiger (5 October 1817 - 10 June 1867) was a Danish writer and playwright as well as Denmark's first professional nurse.	Ilia Fibiger	10 June 1867
date of death	Bert Greeves MBE (born Oscar Bertram Greeves, 5 June 1906 -- 15 July 1993) was a British engineer who founded Invacar Ltd in 1942 and Greeves motor cycles in 1953.	Bert Greeves	15 July 1993
date of death	Ricardo Lancaster-Jones y Verea, MA BE KHS (9 February 1905 -- 20 January 1983) was a Mexican historian, diplomat, scholar, professor, art collector and sugarcane entrepreneur who made significant contributions toward the study of the haciendas of the State of Jalisco (Mexico) in the twentieth century.	Ricardo Lancaster-Jones y Verea	20 January 1983
date of death	Pierre de Pardaillan de Gondrin (1692 -- 4 November 1733) was the Duke-Bishop of Langres, France.	Pierre de Pardaillan de Gondrin	4 November 1733
date of death	Sir Benjamin Rudyerd or Rudyard (1572 -- 31 May 1658) was an English poet and politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1621 and 1648.	Benjamin Rudyerd	31 May 1658
date of death	Joseph W. Yost (1847--1923) was a prominent architect from Ohio whose works included many courthouses and other public buildings.	Joseph W. Yost	1923
date of death	Jesse Chickering (born Dover, New Hampshire, 31 August 1797; died West Roxbury, Massachusetts, 29 May 1855) was a political economist.	Jesse Chickering	29 May 1855
date of death	Mia May aka Hermine Pfleger (2 June 1884 -- 28 November 1980) was an Austrian actress.	Mia May	28 November 1980
date of death	Wilhelm Kettler (20 June 1574 in Mitau -- 7 April 1640 in Kucklow) was the second Duke of Courland, a region of Latvia.	Wilhelm Kettler	7 April 1640
date of death	Alfred P. Wolf (February 23, 1923 -- December 17, 1998) was an American nuclear and organic chemist.	Alfred P. Wolf	1998
date of death	Pierre Beauchamp (also Beauchamps, called ``Charles'' or Charles-Louis Beauchamp) (30 October 1631 -- February 1705) was a French choreographer, dancer and composer, and the probable inventor of Beauchamp-Feuillet notation.	Pierre Beauchamp	February 1705
date of death	Sanapia, born Mary Poafpybitty (ca. 20 May 1895--23 January 1984) was a Comanche medicine woman and spiritual healer.	Sanapia	23 January 1984
date of death	Seán Dublin Bay Rockall Loftus (1 November 1927 -- 10 July 2010) was an Irish environmentalist, barrister and politician who drew attention to his campaign issues by changing his name.	Seán Dublin Bay Rockall Loftus	10 July 2010
date of death	Matija Ivanić (Vrbanj, Hvar around 1445 -- Rome 1523) was a prominent 16th century citizen of the Dalmatian city of Hvar that led the Hvar Rebellion (1510--1514) against the Venetian Republic.	Matija Ivanić	1523
date of death	Muircheartach mac Pilib Ó Ceallaigh, Archbishop of Tuam and patron of An Leabhar Ua Maine, died 1407.	Muircheartach mac Pilib Ó Ceallaigh	1407
date of death	Matthew of Kraków (c. 1335 -- 5 March 1410) was a renowned German-Polish scholar and priest of the fourteenth century.	Matthew of Kraków	5 March 1410
date of death	Squadron Leader Sarfaraz Ahmed Rafiqui (18 July 1935 -- 6 September 1965) was a fighter pilot in the Pakistan Air Force.	Sarfaraz Ahmed Rafiqui	6 September 1965
date of death	Giuseppe Antonio Sorbilli (Zammarò. a frazione of San Gregorio d'Ippona, in what is now the Province of Vibo Valentia, Calabria, 1824-1890) was an Italian sculptor.	Giuseppe Antonio Sorbilli	1890
date of death	Mary Elvira Weeks (1892--1975) was an American chemist and science historian who wrote Discovery of the Elements.	Mary Elvira Weeks	1975
date of death	Bakin Pertin (1 May 1942, in Damro village -- 5 January 1996, in Guwahati) was an Indian politician.	Bakin Pertin	5 January 1996
date of death	Hakim Syed Niamatullah (1900-1961) was an Indian politician and practitioner of Unani medicine who served as mayor of Madras city in 1943-44.	Syed Niamatullah	1961
date of death	Sir Charles James Jackson (2 May 1849 -- 23 April 1923) was a British businessman, collector, barrister, newspaper executive, politician, and writer, who was an authority on antique gold and silver plate.	Charles James Jackson	23 April 1923
date of death	Axel Collett (6 August 1880 in Kolvereid -- 17 January 1968) was a Norwegian landowner, timber merchant and sawmill owner.	Axel Collett	17 January 1968
date of death	Bogdan Zimonjić, (Serbian Cyrillic: Богдан Зимоњић; 1813 -- 21 January 1909) was a Serbian Orthodox priest, and Voivode (military commander) in two major uprisings against the Ottoman Empire in 19th-century Herzegovina: in 1852--62, and 1875--78.	Bogdan Zimonjić	21 January 1909
date of death	Richard FitzJames (died 15 January 1522) was a medieval Bishop of Rochester, Bishop of Chichester and Bishop of London.	Richard FitzJames	15 January 1522
date of death	Sidney Bowser (6 April 1891 -- 10 February 1961), better known as Sid Bowser, was an English footballer who played at inside-left and centre-half.	Sid Bowser	10 February 1961
date of death	Franciscus van den Enden was condemned to death and on 27 November 1674, after the decapitation of the noble conspirators, he was hanged before the Bastille.	Franciscus van den Enden	27 November 1674
date of death	Wilhelm Brückner (11 December 1884 in Baden-Baden -- 18 August 1954 in Herbsdorf, Upper Bavaria) was until 1940 Adolf Hitler's chief adjutant.	Wilhelm Brückner	1954
date of death	Anna Atkins (née Children; 16 March 1799 -- 9 June 1871) was an English botanist and photographer.	Anna Atkins	9 June 1871
date of death	Les Reeves (22 June 1923 -- 23 June 1967) was an Australian rules footballer in the Victorian Football League, (VFL).	Les Reeves	23 June 1967
date of death	Mary Tourtel (28 January 1874 -- 15 March 1948) was an English artist and creator of Rupert Bear.	Mary Tourtel	15 March 1948
date of death	José Iglesias Fernández (23 December 1926 -- 12 July 2007), nicknamed Joseíto, was a Spanish football outside right and manager.	José Iglesias Fernández	12 July 2007
date of death	Charles Schweinfurth (13 April 1890 -- 16 November 1970) was an American botanist and plant collector who distinguished himself by his studies on orchids.	Charles Schweinfurth	1970
date of death	William Chalmers Burns (宾惠廉, 1 April 1815 -- 4 April 1868) was a Scottish Evangelist and Missionary to China with the English Presbyterian Mission who originated from Kilsyth, North Lanarkshire.	William Chalmers Burns	4 April 1868
date of death	Sergo Zakariadze (Georgian: სერგო ზაქარიაძე (sɛrɡɔ zakʰariad͡zɛ); 18 July (O.S. July 1) 1909 -- 13 April 1971) was a renowned Georgian actor.	Sergo Zakariadze	13 April 1971
date of death	Paul Friedrichs (21 March 1940; Buchholz -- 30 August 2012; Erfurt) was an East German professional motocross racer.	Paul Friedrichs	30 August 2012
date of death	Abraham Pihl (3 October 1756 -- 20 May 1821) was a Norwegian clergyman, astronomer and architect.	Abraham Pihl	20 May 1821
date of death	Theophilus Bird, or Bourne, (1608 -- 1663) was a seventeenth-century English actor.	Theophilus Bird	1663
date of death	Manitas de Plata (born Ricardo Baliardo; 7 August 1921 -- 5 November 2014) was a French flamenco guitarist.	Manitas de Plata	5 November 2014
date of death	Peter Womersley (24 June 1923--1993) was a British architect, best known for his work in the modernist style.	Peter Womersley	1993
date of death	Jacques Dinet (1584-1653) was a French Jesuit, confessor to Louis XIII and an associate of René Descartes.	Jacques Dinet	1653
date of death	Herbert Langley (1888--1967) was a well-known early twentieth-century British opera singer (baritone) who later also played various minor acting roles in a number of British films.	Herbert Langley	1967
date of death	William Bonville, 1st Baron Bonville, KG (c. 1392--93 -- 18 February 1461) of Shute, Devon, was an English nobleman, soldier, and administrator.	William Bonville, 1st Baron Bonville	18 February 1461
date of death	John Coggeshall (1601 -- 27 November 1647) was one of the founders of Rhode Island and the first President of all four towns in the Colony of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations.	John Coggeshall	27 November 1647
date of death	Alice Chestre (sometimes written ``Chester'' or ``Chestour'') (died 1485) was a merchant and a benefactor of the city of Bristol, England.	Alice Chestre	1485
date of death	Giuseppe Galeòtti (1708-1778) was an Italian painter, active in a Baroque style, mainly in Liguria.	Giuseppe Galeòtti	1778
date of death	Dan Laksov (10 July 1940 -- 25 October 2013) was a Norwegian-Swedish mathematician and human rights activist.	Dan Laksov	25 October 2013
date of death	Ivane Kazbegi (Georgian: ივანე ყაზბეგი; Polish: Jan (Iwan) Kazbek; Russian: Иван Николаевич Казбек, Ivan Nikolayevich Kazbek) (June 11, 1860 -- December 2, 1943) was a Georgian soldier, who served, successively, in the Imperial Russian, Georgian and Polish armies.	Ivane Kazbegi	1943
date of death	Simon Harcourt, 1st Earl Harcourt, of Stanton Harcourt, Oxfordshire, PC FRS (1714 -- 16 September 1777), known as 2nd Viscount Harcourt, of Stanton Harcourt, Oxfordshire, between 1727 and 1749, was a British diplomat and general who became Viceroy of Ireland.	Simon Harcourt, 1st Earl Harcourt	16 September 1777
date of death	Jan van Call (1655-1703) was an artist born, according to Descamps, at Nijmegen in 1655.	Jan van Call	1703
date of death	François Sublet de Noyers (1589--1645), one of Cardinal de Richelieu's political creatures, who derived his position and political weight from the Cardinal's consistent patronage, was a secretary of state to Louis XIII, and a member of his Conseil du Roi.	François Sublet de Noyers	1645
date of death	Jacques Besson (1540? - 1573) was a French Protestant inventor, mathematician, and philosopher, chiefly remembered for his popular treatise on machines Theatrum Instrumentorum (1571--72), which saw many reprints in different languages.	Jacques Besson	1573
date of death	Timothy Grubb (30 May 1954 -- 11 May 2010) was a British show jumping champion.	Timothy Grubb	11 May 2010
date of death	Dionysis Papagiannopoulos (Greek: Διονύσης Παπαγιαννόπουλος; 12 July 1912 -- 17 April 1984) was a Greek actor.	Dionysis Papagiannopoulos	17 April 1984
date of death	Alan Gowen (19 August 1947 -- 17 May 1981) was a fusion/progressive rock keyboardist, best known for his work in Gilgamesh and National Health.	Alan Gowen	17 May 1981
date of death	Sir Man-kam Lo, CBE (1893 -- 7 March 1959) was a prominent Eurasian lawyer in Hong Kong and unofficial member of the Executive Council and the Legislative Council of Hong Kong.	Man-kam Lo	7 March 1959
date of death	Mihály Dávid (July 31, 1886 - 1944) was a Hungarian athlete who competed mainly in the shot put.	Mihály Dávid	1944
date of death	José Cascante, José de Cascante or Joseph Cascante (1646 -- December 1702) was a Colombian Baroque composer and organist.	José de Cascante	1702
date of death	Arthur Brough (born Frederick Arthur Baker) (26 February 1905 -- 28 May 1978) was a British actor, best known for portraying the character of senior menswear salesman Mr. Ernest Grainger on the BBC sitcom Are You Being Served?	Arthur Brough	28 May 1978
date of death	Richard Flecknoe (c. 1600 -- 1678) was an English dramatist, poet and musician who was made the butt of satires by Andrew Marvell (1681) and John Dryden (1682).	Richard Flecknoe	1678
date of death	Ferdinand Rebay (11 June 1880 -- 6 November 1953) was an Austrian composer, music teacher, choir director, and pianist.	Ferdinand Rebay	6 November 1953
date of death	Liu Zongzhou (simplified Chinese: 刘宗周; traditional Chinese: 劉宗周; pinyin: Liú Zōngzhōu, 1578--1645), also known as Liu Jishan (simplified Chinese: 刘蕺山; traditional Chinese: 劉蕺山), was a Confucian scholar from the Ming dynasty, born in Shanyin, Shaoxing.	Liu Zongzhou	1645
date of death	Reg Isidore (4 April 1949 -- 22 March 2009) was a rock drummer best known for his work with Robin Trower.	Reg Isidore	22 March 2009
date of death	Sadhu Kuppuswami (1890--1956) was a Fiji Indian who inspired South Indians in Fiji to have pride in their culture and language and was instrumental in the establishment of the Sangam organisation in Fiji.	Sadhu Kuppuswami	1956
date of death	Meta Vidmar (born Metoda Vidmar, 15 May 1899, Ljubljana -- 1 November 1975, Ljubljana) was the first Slovene modern dancer, notable for establishing the Mary Wigman dance school in Ljubljana in 1930, the first modern dance school in Slovenia.	Meta Vidmar	1 November 1975
date of death	Engelbert Arnold (7 March 1856 -- 16 November 1911) was a Swiss-born electrical engineer.	Engelbert Arnold	16 November 1911
date of death	Anthony Chute (fl. 1590s; died 1595) was an Elizabethan poet and pamphleteer.	Anthony Chute	1595
date of death	Ian Hamilton Finlay, CBE (28 October 1925 -- 27 March 2006) was a Scottish poet, writer, artist and gardener.	Ian Hamilton Finlay	27 March 2006
date of death	Edwin Hubbell Chapin (December 29, 1814 -- 1880) was an American preacher and editor of the Christian Leader.	Edwin Hubbell Chapin	1880
date of death	Zygmunt A. Piotrowski (1904--1985) was a polish born American psychologist who worked on the Rorschach test.	Zygmunt A. Piotrowski	1985
date of death	Gerald Gladstone (7 January 1929 -- 7 March 2005) was a Canadian sculptor and painter.	Gerald Gladstone	2005
date of death	Ajdin Muzaka (? - 1444) was the brother in law of George Kastrioti Skanderbeg and one of his commanders.	Ajdin Muzaka	1444
date of death	Ansprand (c. 657 -- 712) was king of the Lombards briefly in 712.	Ansprand	712
date of death	Manohar Nath Kaul (27 May 1923 - 21 August 2009) was a Kashmiri Pandit politician.	Manohar Nath Kaul	21 August 2009
date of death	Ray Jerome Baker (December 1, 1880--October, 1972) was an American photographer, film maker and lecturer.	Ray Jerome Baker	October, 1972
date of death	Côtis-Capel (22 January 1915 -- 30 October 1986) was the pen name of Albert Lohier, a Norman language poet.	Côtis-Capel	30 October 1986
date of death	Gudmund Grytøyr (born 15 July 1920 in Sør-Varanger died 21 July 2001) was a Norwegian politician for the Labour Party.	Gudmund Grytøyr	21 July 2001
date of death	Gojko Šušak (pronounced (gȏːjko ʃûʃak); 16 March 1945 -- 3 May 1998) was a Croatian politician who held the post of defence minister from 1991 to 1998.	Gojko Šušak	3 May 1998
date of death	Wogan Philipps, 2nd Baron Milford (25 February 1902 -- 30 November 1993) was the only member of the Communist Party of Great Britain ever to sit in the House of Lords.	Wogan Philipps, 2nd Baron Milford	30 November 1993
date of death	Jerzy Mondschein (18 March 1909 -- 29 March 1944) was a Polish Vickers Wellington bomber Observer (navigator) flying from England when he was taken prisoner during the Second World War.	Jerzy Mondschein	29 March 1944
date of death	Johannes du Plessis Scholtz (14 May 1900 -- 26 January 1990) was a South African philologist, art historian, and art collector.	Johannes du Plessis Scholtz	26 January 1990
date of death	William John Tregillus (2 May 1858 -- 12 November 1914) was a British--	William John Tregillus	12 November 1914
date of death	On May 9, 1996, Nina Yefimova, 25-year-old, was found dead from a shot to the back of the head.	Nina Yefimova	1996
date of death	Roger de Barbarin (4 June 1860 -- 4 March 1925) was a French trap shooter who competed in the late 19th century and early 20th century.	Roger de Barbarin	4 March 1925
date of death	Adolf Bredo Stabell (19 November 1807 -- 21 November 1865) was a Norwegian newspaper editor, banker and politician.	Adolf Bredo Stabell	21 November 1865
date of death	Heongang of Silla (c.861-886) (r. 875--886) was the 49th to rule the Korean kingdom of Silla.	Heongang of Silla	886
date of death	Matthew Panting (1682--1739) was a clergyman and Master of Pembroke College, Oxford.	Matthew Panting	1739
date of death	Harry Rosenthal (15 May c. 1893 -- 10 May 1953) was an orchestra leader, composer, pianist and actor.	Harry Rosenthal	10 May 1953
date of death	Joachim Nicolas Eggert (22 February 1779 -- 14 April 1813) was a Swedish composer and musical director.	Joachim Nicolas Eggert	14 April 1813
date of death	Berthe Hoola van Nooten (née Bartha Hendrica Philippina van Dolder, 12 October 1817 Utrecht - 12 April 1892 Batavia), was a Dutch botanical artist, noted for her botanical plates illustrating ``Fleurs, Fruits et Feuillages Choisis de l'Ile de Java'' in 1863-64.	Berthe Hoola van Nooten	12 April 1892
date of death	Maisie Shiell (1916--2008) became involved in anti-nuclear issues in 1976 when public concern developed about a new uranium mine in Saskatchewan.	Maisie Shiell	2008
date of death	Kenneth Frank Barrington (24 November 1930 -- 14 March 1981), better known as Ken Barrington, played for the England cricket team and Surrey County Cricket Club in the 1950s and 1960s.	Ken Barrington	14 March 1981
date of death	Emmanuel Martin (1827, Paris - 1897, Creil) was a French entomologist specialising in Lepidoptera.	Emmanuel Martin	1897
date of death	Mary Featherstonhaugh Frampton MBE /ˈfænˌʃɔː ˈfræmptən/ (16 February 1928 -- 28 August 2014), was a British civil servant who worked as clerk in charge of the Serjeant at Arms department in the House of Commons.	Mary Featherstonhaugh Frampton	28 August 2014
date of death	Sir Edward William Brabrook (1839--1930) C.B. F.S.A. was an English civil servant and author, and an anthropologist with a special interest in folklore.	Edward William Brabrook	1930
date of death	Victor Ido (8 February 1869, Surabaya - 20 May 1948, The Hague) is the main alias of the Indo (Eurasian) Dutch language writer and journalist Hans van de Wall.	Victor Ido	20 May 1948
date of death	Kollur Mallappa (1905 -- 24 October 2004) was the first President of Hyderabad Pradesh Congress Committee, prior to the merger of Hyderabad state into Andhra Pradesh.	Kollur Mallappa	2004
date of death	Sir Charles Prestwood Lucas KCB, KCMG, (1853-1931), was a civil servant and historian of Welsh extraction.	Charles Prestwood Lucas	1931
date of death	Maurizio Sparagnini (1706- 1748) was an Italian painter active in a late-Baroque style, active in the Marche.	Maurizio Sparagnini	1748
date of death	Miles Menander Dawson (May 13, 1863 -- 1942) was an American author of poetry and philosophy, and ethics.	Miles Menander Dawson	1942
date of death	Florendo M. Visitacion (7 June 1910 -- 4 January 1999) was a martial arts instructor.	Florendo M. Visitacion	4 January 1999
date of death	Jane Arthur (1827-1907), was a Scottish feminist and activist.	Jane Arthur	1907
date of death	George Geary (9 July 1893 in Barwell, Leicestershire, England -- 6 March 1981 in Leicester, England) was the greatest cricketer Leicestershire produced before the advent of David Gower and one of the best and hardest-working bowlers of the inter-war period.	George Geary	6 March 1981
date of death	Harold Harkavy (1915--1965) was an American bridge player, considered one of the world's best at declarer play.	Harold Harkavy	1965
date of death	Lieutenant-General Richard Lambart, 6th Earl of Cavan (died 2 November 1778) was an Anglo-Irish peer and soldier.	Richard Lambart, 6th Earl of Cavan	2 November 1778
date of death	John Leng Sturrock (1878 -- 22 July 1943) was a Scottish newspaper publisher and Liberal politician.	John Leng Sturrock	22 July 1943
date of death	Iorwerth ap Bleddyn (1053--1111) was a prince of Powys in eastern Wales.	Iorwerth ap Bleddyn	1111
date of death	Gideon Cornell (1710-1766) was a farmer, trader and judge who became the first Chief Justice of the Rhode Island Supreme Court, serving from 1747 to 1749.	Gideon Cornell	1766
date of death	Peter Marquis (13 March 1932 -- 4 March 2005) was a former Australian rules footballer who played in Tasmania and Victoria during the 1950s and 1960s.	Peter Marquis	4 March 2005
date of death	Columba of Terryglass (Colum)(died 13 December 552) was the son of Ninnidh, a descendant of Crinthainn, King of Leinster.	Columba of Terryglass	13 December 552
date of death	Johann Leonard Hoffmann (1710--1782) was a Maastricht army surgeon and amateur geologist who collected fossils from the local Mount Saint Peter.	Johann Leonard Hoffmann	1782
date of death	George Aglionby (c.1603--1643) was an English royalist churchman, nominated in 1643 as Dean of Canterbury.	George Aglionby	1643
date of death	Maria de Abarca, often referred to as Doña Maria de Abarca, was a seventeenth century Spanish painter active between 1630 - 1656 in Madrid, Spain.	Maria de Abarca	1656
date of death	Carl-Heinrich von Stülpnagel (2 January 1886 -- 30 August 1944) was a German general and a member of the July 20 Plot to assassinate Adolf Hitler.	Carl-Heinrich von Stülpnagel	30 August 1944
date of death	Francisco de Lucena (c. 1578--28 April 1643) was a Portuguese nobleman and King John IV's first Secretary of State (Head of Government), and the first after the Restoration War and end of the Iberian Union.	Francisco de Lucena	28 April 1643
date of death	Sir George Biddlecombe (5 November 1807 -- 22 July 1878) was an English naval officer and author.	George Biddlecombe	22 July 1878
date of death	Leonard Beaumont (1891--1986) was an English printmaker, graphic designer, illustrator and publisher.	Leonard Beaumont	1986
date of death	David MacRitchie (16 April 1851 -- 14 January 1925) was a Scottish folklorist and antiquarian.	David MacRitchie	14 January 1925
date of death	Ahmet Vardar (1937 -- 25 February 2010) was a notable Turkish journalist and television presenter.	Ahmet Vardar	25 February 2010
date of death	G. Olof Thorin (23 February 1912, Halmstad -- 14 February 2004, Danderyds sjukhus) was a Swedish mathematician working on analysis and probability, who introduced the Riesz--	Olof Thorin	14 February 2004
date of death	Alois Auer (1813 -- 11 June 1869) was a printer, inventor and botanical illustrator, most active during the 1840s and 1850s.	Alois Auer	11 June 1869
date of death	Vasyl Barka (pseud. of Vasyl Ocheret, born 16 July 1908 in the village of Solonytsia near Lubny, Poltava Governorate, died 11 April 2003 in Liberty, New York) was an American residing Ukrainian poet, writer, literary critic, and translator.	Vasyl Barka	11 April 2003
date of death	Charles Fane, 1st Viscount Fane PC (Ire) (January 1676 -- 4 July 1744) was an Anglo-Irish courtier, politician and a landowner in both England and Ireland.	Charles Fane, 1st Viscount Fane	4 July 1744
date of death	Captain François Dupont Duvivier (French pronunciation: ​(fʁɑ̃swa dypɔ̃ dyvivje); 25 April 1705 -- 28 May 1776) was an Acadian-born merchant and officer of the French colonial troupes de la marine.	François Dupont Duvivier	28 May 1776
date of death	Ats Bonninga (fl. 1494), was a Dutch noble, known for her defence of the fortress in Warns in Gaasterland during the conflict between the Schieringers and the Vetkopers party in 1494.	Ats Bonninga	1494
date of death	Margarito or Margaritone d'Arezzo (fl. c. 1250--1290) was an Italian painter from Arezzo.	Margaritone d'Arezzo	1290
date of death	Jacques Philippe Bonnaud or Bonneau (11 September 1757 -- 30 March 1797) commanded a French combat division in a number of actions during the French Revolutionary Wars.	Jacques Philippe Bonnaud	30 March 1797
date of death	Pope Formosus (birth name unknown; c. 816 -- 4 April 896) was Pope from 6 October 891 to his death in 896.	Pope Formosus	4 April 896
date of death	Richard Badiley (c. 1616 -- 7 or 11 August 1656) was an English naval officer.	Richard Badiley	11 August 1656
date of death	Achille Marozzo (1484--1553) was an Italian fencing master teaching in the Dardi or Bolognese tradition.	Achille Marozzo	1553
date of death	Rev. Augustine Kirwan, D.D., 1724 -- 7 August 1791.	Augustine Kirwan	1791
date of death	William Burge (1786 -- 12 November 1849) was a British lawyer and Privy Councillor.	William Burge	12 November 1849
date of death	Ramón Sagredo (1834--1873) was a 19th-century Mexican painter and photographer who worked under the patronage of Emperor Maximilian and decorated the former cupola of ``La Profesa'' with the Catalonian master Pelegrí Clavé.	Ramón Sagredo	1873
date of death	Brigadier General Theodore C. Lyster, M.D. (10 July 1875, Kansas -- 5 August 1933, California) was a United States Army physician and aviation medicine pioneer.	Theodore C. Lyster	5 August 1933
date of death	Francis Bromley (ca. 1556--1591) was an English politician.	Francis Bromley	1591
date of death	Robert Caesar Childers (1838 -- 25 July 1876) was a British Orientalist scholar, compiler of the first Pāli-English dictionary.	Robert Caesar Childers	25 July 1876
date of death	Herbert Dale (January 1867 -- December 1925) was an English footballer who played as a forward.	Herbert Dale	1925
date of death	Éraste d'Odet d'Orsonnens (April 11, 1836 -- 1906) was a notary, author and politician in Quebec.	Éraste d'Odet d'Orsonnens	1906
date of death	Sigurd Hlodvirsson (circa 960 -- 23 April 1014), popularly known as Sigurd the Stout from the Old Norse Sigurðr digri, was an Earl of Orkney.	Sigurd the Stout	1014
date of death	Josef Brunnthaler (20 December 1871, Vienna -- 18 August 1914) was an Austrian botanist and algologist.	Josef Brunnthaler	18 August 1914
date of death	Thomas Chillenden (died 15 August 1411) was Prior of Christ Church Priory, Canterbury from 1391 to 1410.	Thomas Chillenden	15 August 1411
date of death	Air Marshal Eduardo Gomes (20 September 1896 -- 13 June 1981) was a Brazilian politician and military figure.	Eduardo Gomes	13 June 1981
date of death	Cornelis van der Sluys (Brouwershaven, 4 June 1883 -- Amsterdam, 4 January 1944) was a Dutch furniture and textile designer, interior designer, decorator, glass painter, sculptor, goldsmith, organizer, and publicist.	Cornelis van der Sluys	4 January 1944
date of death	Hedwig of Brandenburg, also called Hedwig of Ballenstedt (c. 1140 -- end of March 1203), a member of the House of Ascania, was Margravine of Meissen from 1156 until 1190 by her marriage with Margrave Otto II.	Hedwig of Brandenburg	1203
date of death	William Cairnes (c. 1669 -- August 1707) was an Irish politician and merchant.	William Cairnes	1707
date of death	Les Frauenfelder (26 February 1888 -- 26 July 1955) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Richmond in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Les Frauenfelder	26 July 1955
date of death	Obaysch (1849?- 11 March 1878) was the first hippopotamus seen in Great Britain since prehistoric times, and the first in Europe since Ancient Rome.	Obaysch	11 March 1878
date of death	Friedrich Wilhelm von Dossow (17 December 1669 -- 28 March 1758) was a Prussian Generalfeldmarschall and Governor of Wesel.	Friedrich Wilhelm von Dossow	28 March 1758
date of death	Joseph Cassey Bustill (1822--1895) was an African American conductor in the Underground Railroad.	Joseph Cassey Bustill	1895
date of death	Francis Gurney du Pont (1850--1904) was the creator of smokeless gunpowder.	Francis Gurney du Pont	1904
date of death	Jang Bogo (787-846, alternately 841), also known as Gungbok, rose to prominence in Korea in the late Unified Silla period as a powerful maritime figure who for several decades effectively controlled the West Sea (Yellow Sea) and Korean coast between southwestern Korea and China's Shandong peninsula.	Jang Bogo	846
date of death	Francisco Hurtado Izquierdo (10 February 1669 -- 30 June 1725) was a Spanish architect of the baroque period, author of the Sancta Sanctorum (sacristy) in the Granada Charterhouse.	Francisco Hurtado Izquierdo	30 June 1725
date of death	Pierre Vallières (22 February 1938 -- 23 December 1998), was a Canadian journalist and writer from the province of Québec.	Pierre Vallières	23 December 1998
date of death	Freda Bedi (sometimes spelled Frida Bedi, also named Sister Palmo, or Gelongma Karma Kechog Palmo) (5 February 1911 -- 26 March 1977) was a British woman born in Derby, England, who became famous as the first Western woman to take ordination in Tibetan Buddhism.	Freda Bedi	26 March 1977
date of death	Austin Osman Spare (30 December 1886 -- 15 May 1956) was an English artist and occultist who worked as both a draughtsman and a painter.	Austin Osman Spare	15 May 1956
date of death	Giovanni Paisiello (or Paesiello; 9 May 1740 -- 5 June 1816) was an Italian composer of the Classical era.	Giovanni Paisiello	5 June 1816
date of death	John Fitling (died 1434), of Kingston upon Hull, Yorkshire, was an English politician and merchant.	John Fitling	1434
date of death	Ferdinand Kovačević (1838--1913) was a Croatian inventor, engineer, and pioneer in telegraphy who originated from Gospić.	Ferdinand Kovačević	1913
date of death	G. H. Elliott (November 1882--19 November 1962) was a British music hall singer and dancer.	G. H. Elliott	1962
date of death	James Mundell (died 1762) was a Scottish educator.	James Mundell	1762
date of death	Sun Yefang (Chinese: 孙冶方; 1908--1983) was a pioneering Chinese economist.	Sun Yefang	1983
date of death	James Douglas, Earl of Angus (1671 -- 3 August 1692) was a Scottish nobleman and soldier.	James Douglas, Earl of Angus	3 August 1692
date of death	Richard Lichfield (died 1630) was a barber surgeon in Cambridge, England, during the late 16th and early 17th century.	Richard Lichfield	1630
date of death	David Cushman Coyle (1887--1969) was an American structural engineer, economist, and writer.	David Cushman Coyle	1969
date of death	Arthur Hambling (14 March 1888 -- 6 December 1952) was a British actor, he was best known for appearances in the films Henry V (1944) and The Lavender Hill Mob (1951).	Arthur Hambling	6 December 1952
date of death	Samuel Morse Felton, Sr. (1809--1889) was a civil engineer and railroad executive.	Samuel Morse Felton, Sr.	1889
date of death	Tamara Shakryl (1925 or 1926 -- 12 November 2004) was a linguist, academic and human rights activist from Abkhazia.	Tamara Shakryl	2004
date of death	Colonel Kyi Maung (Burmese: ကြည်မောင်, pronounced: (tɕì màʊɴ); 20 December 1940 -- 19 August 2004) was a Burmese Army officer and politician.	Kyi Maung	19 August 2004
date of death	Yusuf Ma Dexin (also Ma Tesing; 1794--1874) was a Hui Chinese scholar of Islam from Yunnan, known for his fluency and proficiency in both Arabic and Persian, and for his knowledge of Islam.	Yusuf Ma Dexin	1874
date of death	Marco Donat-Cattin (28 September 1953 - 19 June 1988) was an Italian terrorist.	Marco Donat-Cattin	19 June 1988
date of death	Hargrave Jennings (1817-1890) was a British Freemason, Rosicrucian, author on occultism and esotericism, and amateur student of comparative religion.	Hargrave Jennings	1890
date of death	John Crickmere (1822- Oxford 20 September 1846) was an English steeplechase jockey who took part in the Grand National steeplechase four times during the 1840s, finishing in the first four on each occasion and winning the race on Discount (racehorse) in 1844.	John Crickmere	20 September 1846
date of death	Sir Samuel Gluckstein (28 September 1880 -- 19 August 1958) was a British solicitor and politician.	Samuel Gluckstein	19 August 1958
date of death	George Abraham von Dyhrn, 1st Baron of Dyhrn (1620--1671), was an Austrian Chancellor in the province of Silesia, politician and a landowner in the Habsburg monarchy.	George Abraham von Dyhrn	1671
date of death	Isoda Koryūsai (礒田湖龍斎 1735--1790) was a Japanese ukiyo-e printmaker and painter active from 1769 to 1790.	Koryūsai	1790
date of death	Brigadier Anne Field, CB, ADC Hon (née Hodgson; 4 April 1926 -- 25 June 2011) was a senior British military officer.	Anne Field	25 June 2011
date of death	Thomas Dunckerley (23 October 1724 -- 19 November 1795) was a prominent freemason, being appointed Provincial Grand Master of several provinces, promoting Royal Arch masonry, introducing Mark Masonry to England, and instituting a national body for Templar masonry.	Thomas Dunckerley	19 November 1795
date of death	Bernat Martínez Mas (10 January 1980 -- 19 July 2015) was a Spanish motorcycle racer.	Bernat Martínez	19 July 2015
date of death	John Adam Day (6 July 1901 -- 7 June 1966), was a British Liberal Party parliamentary candidate who later became a prominent Conservative in Devon local government.	John Adam Day	7 June 1966
date of death	Ya'akov Nitzani (Hebrew: יעקב ניצני‎, born Ya'akov Chechik; 6 December 1900 -- 15 September 1962) was an Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for Mapai from 1952 until 1959.	Ya'akov Nitzani	15 September 1962
date of death	Bartol Gyurgieuvits (also Bartol Jurjevic or Gjurgjevic) (1506--1566) was a Croatian musicologist and lexicographer born in Turopolje near Zagreb.	Bartol Gyurgieuvits	1566
date of death	Arthur Pomeroy, 1st Viscount Harberton (16 January 1723 -- 9/11 April 1798) was an Irish politician.	Arthur Pomeroy, 1st Viscount Harberton	1798
date of death	Martin Divilly (died August 1979) was Mayor of Galway from 1963 to 1964 and from 1970 to 1971.	Martin Divilly	1979
date of death	Spasoje Hadži Popović (Serbian Cyrillic: Спасоје Хаџи Поповић; 18 August 1882 -- 3 July 1926) was a Serbian teacher in Bitola and newspaper editor of Južne Zvezde (Southern Stars).	Spasoje Hadži Popović	3 July 1926
date of death	Alice Drew Chenoweth (1903--1998) was a physician who specialized in pediatrics and public health, and served as the Chief of the Division of Health Services in the United States Children's Bureau.	Alice Drew Chenoweth	1998
date of death	Clement King Shorter (19 July 1857 -- 19 November 1926) was a British journalist and literary critic.	Clement King Shorter	19 November 1926
date of death	William J. Durham (1896 - 1970) was a resident of Sherman, Texas for much of his life.	William J. Durham	1970
date of death	Stanford Mark Juddery (9 March 1971 -- 13 January 2015) was an Australian freelance journalist, author, humorist and columnist for The Canberra Times.	Mark Juddery	13 January 2015
date of death	Annibale Zoilo (c. 1537--1592) was an Italian composer and singer of the late Renaissance Roman School.	Annibale Zoilo	1592
date of death	Jacqueline Moss (1927--2005) was an American art historian, lecturer, writer and art critic.	Jacqueline Moss	2005
date of death	Sir Robert Holborne (died 1647) was an English lawyer and politician, of Furnival's Inn and Lincoln's Inn (where he was bencher and reader in English law).	Robert Holborne	1647
date of death	John Herbert Harington (died 9 April 1828) was a British orientalist and judge.	John Herbert Harington	1828
date of death	Eugen de Haën (26 December 1835 -- 16 November 1911) was a German chemist and founder of the chemistry factory E. de Haën.	Eugen de Haën	16 November 1911
date of death	Oliver St John, 3rd Baron St John of Bletso (c. 1540--1618) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1588 until 1596 when he inherited the peerage as Baron St John of Bletso.	Oliver St John, 3rd Baron St John of Bletso	1618
date of death	Benjamin Hawkshaw (died 1738) was an Irish Anglican divine.	Benjamin Hawkshaw	1738
date of death	Edward Byng (ca. 1676 -- 1753), sometimes spelt Bing, was an English portrait artist.	Edward Byng	1753
date of death	Lena Constante (June 18, 1909 -- November 2005) was a Romanian artist, essayist and memoirist, known for her work in stage design and tapestry.	Lena Constante	November 2005
date of death	Dino Shafeek (born Gholam D. Shafeek, 21 March 1930 -- 10 March 1984) was a Bangladeshi actor and comedian based in the United Kingdom and the star or co-star of several popular English TV comedies during the 1970s and early 1980s.	Dino Shafeek	10 March 1984
date of death	Leo Schamroth (2 June 1924, Belgium -- 24 May 1988, Johannesburg) was a South African cardiologist remembered for his work in electrocardiography and for describing Schamroth's window test.	Leo Schamroth	24 May 1988
date of death	Jamyang Shakya Gyaltsen (Tibetan: འཇམ་དབྱངས་ཤ་ཀྱ་རྒྱལ་མཚན, Wylie: aJam dbyangs sha kya rgyal mts'an, 1340--1373) was a ruler of Central Tibet in 1364--1373.	Jamyang Shakya Gyaltsen	1373
date of death	Danny Guinane (18 May 1911 -- 28 August 1992 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Richmond in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Danny Guinane	28 August 1992
date of death	Ita Martadinata Haryono was an Indonesian human rights activist, who was murdered in 1998, a case which is still unsolved.	Ita Martadinata Haryono	1998
date of death	John Ó Madadhan, Lord of Síol Anmchadha and Chief of the Name, died 1556.	John Ó Madadhan	1556
date of death	Riccardo Paletti (15 June 1958 -- 13 June 1982) was an Italian motor racing driver.	Riccardo Paletti	13 June 1982
date of death	Anne Hamilton, Countess of Huntly (c.1535 -- after 17 April 1574), was a Scottish noblewoman and a member of the powerful Hamilton family which had a strong claim to the Scottish crown.	Anne Hamilton, Countess of Huntly	17 April 1574
date of death	Peter Foulger (His surname is often spelled ``Folger,'' which was the form used by his descendants; 1617--1690) was a poet and an interpreter of the American Indian language for the first settlers of Nantucket.	Peter Foulger	1690
date of death	Julius Anatolyevich Schrader, OP (28 October 1927 -- 24 August 1998) was a mathematician, cyberneticist, philosopher, and a convert to Roman Catholicism.	Julius Anatolyevich Schrader	24 August 1998
date of death	Leopold Quehl (1849--1922, Halle an der Saale) was a German amateur botanist who specialized in Cactaceae.	Leopold Quehl	1922
date of death	Deshabandu N. H. Keerthiratne (7 November 1902 - 15 November 1992) was a distinguished Sri Lankan politician, philanthropist, and Cabinet Minister of Posts and Broadcasting.	N. H. Keerthiratne	15 November 1992
date of death	James Sandilands, 7th Lord Torphichen (died 1753) was a Scottish nobleman and army officer, a loyalist of the 1715 Jacobite Rebellion.	James Sandilands, 7th Lord Torphichen	1753
date of death	Tiburzio di Maso (executed 31 October 1460) was a leader of an anarchic faction in Rome that briefly attempted to restore the medieval commune of the city, the last attempt at populist government in the States of the Church.	Tiburzio di Maso	1460
date of death	John Poulett, 4th Earl Poulett KT (3 April 1756 -- 14 January 1819), styled Viscount Hinton between 1764 and 1788, was a British peer and militia officer.	John Poulett, 4th Earl Poulett	14 January 1819
date of death	John David Hennessey (1847 -- 31 July 1935), also known as Rev. J. D. Hennessey and David Hennessey, journalist and author, was born in London and went to Australia in 1875.	John David Hennessey	31 July 1935
date of death	Sir Faithful Fortescue (1581?--1666), was a royalist commander during the English Civil War.	Faithful Fortescue	1666
date of death	Professor Charles Ernest Fay (1846--1931) was an American alpinist and educator.	Charles Ernest Fay	1931
date of death	Elizabeth Fetzer Bates (1909--1999) was a Latter-day Saint musician, most noted for being the author of the children's song ``Book of Mormon Stories''.	Elizabeth Fetzer Bates	1999
date of death	Emma Nicol (1800 -- 2 November 1877) was a British actress who became known for playing older women in Edinburgh as her mother had before her.	Emma Nicol	1877
date of death	Henry Joseph Woodside (1858--November 8, 1929) was a Canadian businessman, journalist, writer, and photographer.	Henry Joseph Woodside	1929
date of death	Sir George Fleming, 2nd Baronet (1667 -- 2 July 1747) was a British churchman.	Sir George Fleming, 2nd Baronet	2 July 1747
date of death	Grigory Dmitriyevich Stroganov (Russian: Григорий Дмитриевич Строганов) (1656 -- 21 November 1715) was a Russian landowner and statesman, the most notable member of the prominent Stroganov family in the late 17th century-early 18th century, a strong supporter of the reforms and initiatives of Peter the Great.	Grigory Dmitriyevich Stroganov	21 November 1715
date of death	Herbert Welsh (December 4, 1851 -- 1941) was a United States political reformer and worker for the welfare of the indigenous peoples of North America.	Herbert Welsh	1941
date of death	James Henry Hurdis (1800-1857) was an amateur artist and the elder son of James Hurdis, a renowned professor of poetry.	James Henry Hurdis	1857
date of death	Sir George Reeves-Smith (17 July 1863 -- 29 May 1941) was an English hotelier.	George Reeves-Smith	29 May 1941
date of death	John L. Behler (1946--2006) was an American naturalist, herpetologist, author, and activist known for his work in conserving endangered species of turtles, snakes, and other reptiles.	John L. Behler	2006
date of death	Martha Stearns Marshall (1726--1754) was a Separate Baptist preacher in the Southern United States.	Martha Stearns Marshall	1754
date of death	Al-'Abbas ibn 'Amr al-Ghanawi (Arabic: العباس بن عمرو الغنوي‎) (died 917) was a military commander and provincial governor for the Abbasid dynasty.	Al-'Abbas ibn 'Amr al-Ghanawi	917
date of death	Saint Wulfric, otherwise Wulfric of Haselbury (c.1080 (?)--20 February 1154) was an anchorite and miracle worker in Wiltshire and Somerset, England, frequently visited by King Stephen.	Wulfric of Haselbury	20 February 1154
date of death	Daniel Rees (8 February 1793 -- 13 June 1857) was a Welsh clergyman and hymnwriter.	Daniel Rees	13 June 1857
date of death	Roger Rees (5 May 1944 -- 10 July 2015) was a Welsh actor and director, widely known for his stage work.	Roger Rees	10 July 2015
date of death	Pery Burge (1955 -- 10 February 2013) was an English artist who, during the 2000s, worked with abstract images using ink in water or ink on paper, invoking natural processes such as surface tension driven flow, gravity, turbulence, rotation and erosion.	Pery Burge	10 February 2013
date of death	Leonidas Kestekides (1876 - 1954) was a Greek chocolate manufacturer, founder of the internationally famous Leonidas company in Belgium.	Leonidas Kestekides	1954
date of death	Archie Sam (30 June 1914 -- 23 May 1986) was a Natchez-Cherokee-Muscogee Creek traditionalist, stomp dance leader, scholar, enrolled member of the United Keetoowah Band of Cherokee Indians, and the Sun Chief of the Natchez Nation.	Archie Sam	23 May 1986
date of death	Pamela Hinkson (19 November 1900 -- 26 May 1982) was an Anglo-Irish writer, the daughter of Katharine Tynan and barrister Henry Albert Hinkson (1865--1919).	Pamela Hinkson	26 May 1982
date of death	Beatrice Harrison (9 December 1892 -- 10 March 1965) was a British cellist active in the first half of the 20th century.	Beatrice Harrison	10 March 1965
date of death	Sigismondo di Giovanni (died 1540) was an Italian architect in Naples, Italy, working in the Renaissance style.	Sigismondo di Giovanni	1540
date of death	Richard Drake of Esher (1535 -- 11 July 1603), was Equerry of the Stable and Groom of the Privy Chamber to Queen Elizabeth I. He also held office as a Member of Parliament and Justice of the Peace.	Richard Drake	11 July 1603
date of death	Zhao Jiliang (趙季良) (d. 946), courtesy name Dezhang (德彰), was an official of the Chinese Five Dynasties and Ten Kingdoms period states Jin, Later Tang, and Later Shu, serving as a chancellor during Later Shu.	Zhao Jiliang	946
date of death	Shirley Fleming (1929 -- 10 March 2005) was an American music critic and editor.	Shirley Fleming	10 March 2005
date of death	Alice Magaw (1860--1928) was an American nurse known for her work on anesthesia.	Alice Magaw	1928
date of death	Frederick Smeeton Williams (1829 -- 26 October 1886) was an English minister in the Congregational Church, best known for his books on the early history of UK railways.	Frederick Smeeton Williams	26 October 1886
date of death	Julius Schaub (20 August 1898 -- 27 December 1967) was the chief aide and adjutant to German dictator Adolf Hitler up until the dictator's suicide on 30 April 1945.	Julius Schaub	27 December 1967
date of death	Rowland Detrosier, also Rowley Barnes, (c. 1800 - 23 November 1834) was an English autodidact, radical politician, preacher and educator, particularly associated with Manchester.	Rowland Detrosier	23 November 1834
date of death	Jules Cantini (1826--1916) was a French sculptor and philanthropist.	Jules Cantini	1916
date of death	Manfred von Ardenne (20 January 1907 -- 26 May 1997) was a German research and applied physicist and inventor.	Manfred von Ardenne	26 May 1997
date of death	Eligius Pruystinck (fl. 1525 -- 24 October 1544) was a Dutch slater who became leader of a radical Anabaptist faction in Antwerp.	Eligius Pruystinck	24 October 1544
date of death	Ratko Vujović (16 December 1916 -- 29 October 1977) was a Montenegrin political activist and soldier.	Ratko Vujović	29 October 1977
date of death	Evaristo Garbani-Nerini (26 October 1867 -- 16 February 1944) was Swiss politician and president of the Swiss National Council (1920/1921).	Evaristo Garbani-Nerini	16 February 1944
date of death	John of Arkel or Jan van Arkel (1314 -- Liège, 1 July 1378) was a Bishop of Utrecht from 1342 to 1364 and Prince-Bishop of Liège from 1364 to 1378.	John of Arkel	1 July 1378
date of death	John Hooker Leavitt (1831--1906) was an early banker and Iowa state senator who was born at Heath, Massachusetts, but who later moved westward to Iowa in search of fortune.	John Hooker Leavitt	1906
date of death	Albert Willimsky (29 December 1890--22 February 1940) was a German Roman Catholic priest active in resistance movement against the National Socialism, martyred in the Sachsenhausen concentration camp.	Albert Willimsky	22 February 1940
date of death	Robert Dundas of Arniston, the younger FRSE (1713--1787) was a Scottish judge.	Robert Dundas of Arniston, the younger	1787
date of death	Gladys Ewart (1892 -- 19 July 1957) was a Canadian pianist and music educator.	Gladys Ewart	19 July 1957
date of death	Nigoghos Sarafian (Armenian: Նիկողոս Սարաֆեան, 1905 in Varna, Principality of Bulgaria - 1973 in Paris, France), was an Armenian writer, poet, editor, and journalist.	Nigoghos Sarafian	1973
date of death	Mashel Teitelbaum (1921--1985) (variant name Mashel Alexander Teitelbaum) was a Canadian painter, born in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan in 1921.	Mashel Teitelbaum	1985
date of death	Johann Ulich, the younger (Wittenberg, 1677-Zerbst, 1742) was a German organist and composer in Zerbst, and music teacher to the princely family.	Johann Ulich	1742
date of death	Cao Xiu (died 228), courtesy name Wenlie, was a military general serving under the warlord Cao Cao in the late Eastern Han Dynasty.	Cao Xiu	228
date of death	Arthur St Leger, 2nd Viscount Doneraile (c. 1695 -- 13 March 1734) was an Anglo-Irish politician and peer.	Arthur St Leger, 2nd Viscount Doneraile	1734
date of death	Jasper Ridley (25 May 1920 -- 1 July 2004) was a British writer, known for historical biographies.	Jasper Ridley	1 July 2004
date of death	Giorgi Antsukhelidze (Georgian: გიორგი ანწუხელიძე; 18 August 1984 -- c. 9--10 August 2008) was a Georgian soldier who was killed during the hostilities in South Ossetia in the course of the Russia--	Giorgi Antsukhelidze	2008
date of death	Stewart Mulvey (May 1834 -- 26 May 1908) was a Canadian teacher, newspaper editor, militia officer, office holder and politician.	Stewart Mulvey	26 May 1908
date of death	Ormonde Maddock Dalton (1866--1945) was a British museum curator and archaeologist.	Ormonde Maddock Dalton	1945
date of death	Ángel Alcázar de Velasco (Mondéjar, 1909 -- Galapagar, 2001) was an apprentice bullfighter, Falangist, journalist and spy.	Ángel Alcázar de Velasco	2001
date of death	Charles Fremont Dight (1856--1938) was medical professor and promoter of the human eugenics movement in Minnesota.	Charles Fremont Dight	1938
date of death	John Man (1512--1569) was an English churchman, college head, and diplomat.	John Man	1569
date of death	Cerverí de Girona (Catalan pronunciation: (sərβəˈɾi ðə ʒiˈɾonə)) (fl. 1259--1285) was a Catalan troubadour born Guillem de Cervera in Girona.	Cerverí de Girona	1285
date of death	Grand Ayatollah Sayyid Morteza Hosseini Fayaz (9 April 1929 - 20 August 2014, Arabic: السيد مرتضى الحسيني فياض) was an Iraqi Twelver Shi'a Marja.	Morteza Hosseini Fayaz	August 2014
date of death	Sir Thomas Jamieson Boyd DL FRSE (1818--1902) publisher and philanthropist, was Lord Provost of Edinburgh from 1877 to 1882.	Thomas Jamieson Boyd	1902
date of death	Nicolaus Copernicus (/koʊˈpɜːrnɪkəs, kə-/; Polish: Mikołaj Kopernik (miˈkɔwaj kɔˈpɛrɲik); German: Nikolaus Kopernikus; 19 February 1473 -- 24 May 1543) was a Renaissance mathematician and astronomer who formulated a model of the universe that placed the Sun rather than the Earth at the center of the universe.	Nicolaus Copernicus	24 May 1543
date of death	Francis Jeffrey, Lord Jeffrey (23 October 1773 -- 26 January 1850) was a Scottish judge and literary critic.	Francis Jeffrey, Lord Jeffrey	26 January 1850
date of death	James Cecil, 1st Marquess of Salisbury, KG PC (4 September 1748 -- 13 June 1823), styled Viscount Cranborne until 1780 and known as The Earl of Salisbury between 1780 and 1789, was a British politician.	James Cecil, 1st Marquess of Salisbury	13 June 1823
date of death	Amy Catherine Walton (9 August 1849 -- 1939), better known as Mrs O. F. Walton, was a British author of Christian children's books, mainly but not exclusively fiction.	Amy Catherine Walton	1939
date of death	Yukhym Medvedev (Ukrainian: Юхим Медведєв, Russian: Ефим Григорьевич Медведев) (1 April 1886--7 June 1938) was the first elected chairman of the Soviet parliament in Ukraine.	Yukhym Medvedev	7 June 1938
date of death	Su Gang (Chinese: 苏钢) (1920--2002) was a People's Republic of China politician.	Su Gang	2002
date of death	Pirro Colonna (1500 -- November 1552) was an Italian military leader in the service of Charles V during the Italian War of 1542.	Pirro Colonna	November 1552
date of death	Sir William Cameron Gull, 2nd Baronet OBE MP JP (6 January 1860 -- 15 December 1922), known as Sir Cameron Gull, was a barrister and Liberal Unionist politician in England, who served for five years as a member of parliament (MP).	Cameron Gull	15 December 1922
date of death	Henry Collins Brown (1862-1961) was a Scottish-born New York historian, lecturer, and author.	Henry Collins Brown	1961
date of death	Abel Pann (1883--1963), born Abba Pfeffermann in Latvia or in Kreslawka, Vitebsk, Belarus, sources vary, was a European Jewish artist who spent most of his adult life in Jerusalem.	Abel Pann	1963
date of death	Hugh II, Count of Rethel (died 1227) was a son of Manasses IV and his wife, Matilda of Kyrburg.	Hugh II, Count of Rethel	1227
date of death	Otto Schmirgal (15 December 1900 -- 24 October 1944) was a German workman, politician, and a resistance fighter against the Nazi régime.	Otto Schmirgal	24 October 1944
date of death	T. Abdul Rahman (Malayalam: ടി. അബ്ദുല്‍ റഹ്‌മാന്‍) (1934 -- 15 December 2002), popularly known as Olympian Rahman, was an Indian Olympian footballer from Kozhikode, Kerala.	T. Abdul Rahman	15 December 2002
date of death	Radie Britain (17 March 1899 -- 23 May 1994) was an American pianist, writer, music educator and composer.	Radie Britain	23 May 1994
date of death	Michel Marcel Navratil, Jr. (12 June 1908 -- 30 January 2001) was one of the last survivors of the sinking of Titanic on 15 April 1912.	Michel Marcel Navratil	30 January 2001
date of death	Binka Zhelyazkova (Bulgarian: Бинка Желязкова, 15 July 1923 -- 31 July 2011), was a Bulgarian film director who made films between the late 1950s and the 1990s.	Binka Zhelyazkova	31 July 2011
date of death	Wei Shifang (韋什方) (died 695), also known as Wu Shifang (武什方), was briefly a chancellor during Wu Zetian's Zhou Dynasty.	Wei Shifang	695
date of death	Ewart Smith OBE (1920 -- 1991) was an Australian public servant.	Ewart Smith	1991
date of death	Đuraš Ilijić (Serbian: Ђураш Илијић, fl. 1326--62) was a nobleman that served the Serbian monarchs Stefan Dečanski (r. 1321--1331), Stefan Dušan (r. 1331--1355) and Uroš V (r. 1355--1371), from 1326 until his death in 1362.	Đuraš Ilijić	1362
date of death	Alfredo Catalani (19 June 1854 -- 7 August 1893) was an Italian operatic composer.	Alfredo Catalani	7 August 1893
date of death	Fra Damiano da Bergamo (Damiano di Antoniolo de Zambelli) (circa 1480--1549) was an Italian artist and Dominican monk, mainly known for his wood-engraving and intarsia completed in a Renaissance style.	Damiano da Bergamo	1549
date of death	Annie Marion MacLean (1869--1934) was a pioneering American sociologist of the women's Chicago School, and is sometimes referred to as the ``mother of contemporary ethnography.''	Annie Marion MacLean	1934
date of death	Louisa Anne Meredith (20 July 1812 -- 21 October 1895), also known as Louisa Anne Twamley, was an Anglo/Australian writer and illustrator.	Louisa Anne Meredith	21 October 1895
date of death	Prince Luiz Gastão of Orléans-Braganza (Portuguese: Príncipe Luiz Gastão Antônio Maria Filipe de Orleans e Bragança; 19 February 1911 -- 8 September 1931) was a member of the House of Orléans-Braganza, and was descended from the Brazilian Imperial Family.	Prince Luiz Gastão of Orléans-Braganza	8 September 1931
date of death	Julius Waring Walker, Jr. (February 21, 1927 -- December 5, 2003) was an American diplomat and United States Ambassador to Upper Volta (now Burkina Faso) from 1981 to 1984.	Julius Waring Walker, Jr.	2003
date of death	John Hilsey (aka Hildesley or Hildesleigh; died 4 August 1539) was an English Dominican, prior provincial of his order, then an agent of Henry VIII and his church reformation, and Bishop of Rochester.	John Hilsey	4 August 1539
date of death	Ishwor Ballav (Nepali: ईश्वरबल्लभ, 11 July 1937 -- 22 March 2008) is one of the most influential Nepali poet.	Ishwor Ballav	22 March 2008
date of death	Xu Jingcheng (Chinese: 許景澄; 1845 -- 28 July 1900) was a Chinese diplomat and Qing politician supportive of the Hundred Days' Reform.	Xu Jingcheng	28 July 1900
date of death	Jędrzej Kitowicz (1727 or 1728 -- 3 April 1804) was a Polish historian and diarist.	Jędrzej Kitowicz	3 April 1804
date of death	André Kertész (French: (kɛʁtɛs); 2 July 1894 -- 28 September 1985), born Kertész Andor, was a Hungarian-born photographer known for his groundbreaking contributions to photographic composition and the photo essay.	André Kertész	28 September 1985
date of death	Urtaku was an Elamite king who reigned from 676--664 BCE.	Urtaku	664 BCE
date of death	Luigi Lavitrano (7 March 1874 -- 2 August 1950) was an Italian Cardinal of the Catholic Church who served as Archbishop of Palermo from 1928 to 1944, and as Prefect of the Sacred Congregation for Religious from 1945 until his death.	Luigi Lavitrano	2 August 1950
date of death	Dawit Amanuel (1862 -- 1944) is noted in Ethiopian and Eritrean church history as being the main translator of the New Testament in the Tigre language, published in 1902.	Dawit Amanuel	1944
date of death	Guy Byam-Corstiaens (died 3 February 1945) was a British journalist and sailor.	Guy Byam	3 February 1945
date of death	Sir Samuel Roberts, 2nd Baronet JP (2 September 1882 -- 13 December 1955) was a British politician.	Sir Samuel Roberts, 2nd Baronet	13 December 1955
date of death	Zygmunt Milczewski (1 October 1905 -- 2 June 2001) was a Polish historian associated with Pomerania, a community leader in the Second Polish Republic, and World War II resistance fighter in the underground Home Army (Armia Krajowa) with the postwar rank of Lieutenant (porucznik).	Zygmunt Milczewski	2 June 2001
date of death	Johan Brautigam (18 May 1878, Uithoorn - 24 June 1962, Rotterdam) was a Dutch trade unionist and politician.	Johan Brautigam	24 June 1962
date of death	Sidney Hunt (1896--1940) was a British draughtsman, painter, poet and editor who published the avant-garde journal Ray between 1926 and 1927.	Sidney Hunt	1940
date of death	The Great Omani (10 July 1915 -- 15 October 2007), real name Ronald Cunningham, was one of the oldest recorded escapologists and stuntmen.	The Great Omani	15 October 2007
date of death	Nicolae Secăreanu (12 July 1901 - 29 September 1992) was a well-known Romanian opera singer and actor.	Nicolae Secăreanu	29 September 1992
date of death	Kang Mun-sok (1906-1955) was a Korean socialist activist during the Japanese occupation period and thereafter.	Kang Mun-sok	1955
date of death	Dr. Jenő Hammersberg (14 March 1845 -- 20 February 1918) was a Hungarian politician and lawyer, who served as Crown Prosecutor of Hungary from 1896 to 1902.	Jenő Hammersberg	20 February 1918
date of death	Carl Alexander Gibson-Hill (23 October 1911 - 18 August 1963) was a British medical doctor, naturalist, ornithologist and curator of Singapore's Raffles Museum.	Carl Alexander Gibson-Hill	18 August 1963
date of death	Samdup Taso (b. 1928; d. 29 October 2011, aged 83) was the last shaman to lead the indigenous Lepcha people of Sikkim (now part of India) in prayers to the mountain deity of Kanchenjunga, the world's third-highest mountain peak.	Samdup Taso	29 October 2011
date of death	Jin Au Kong (Traditional Chinese: 孔金甌; Simplified Chinese: 孔金瓯), (27 December 1942 -- 13 March 2008) was an American expert in applied electromagnetics.	Jin Au Kong	13 March 2008
date of death	Mary Lum Girard (1758--1815) Mary Lum (otherwise known as Mary Girard) is known for being the wife of banker, philanthropist and merchant millionaire Stephen Girard.	Mary Lum	1815
date of death	George Bugg (1769--1851) was an Anglican deacon and curate for several churches in England and a scriptural geologist who wrote a two volume book called Scriptural Geology.	George Bugg	1851
date of death	Jacob Swoope (ca. 1770 -- 1832) was an eighteenth and nineteenth century politician from Virginia.	Jacob Swoope	1832
date of death	Panagiotis Toundas (Greek: Παναγιώτης Τούντας; 1886--1942) was a Greek composer of the early 20th century.	Panagiotis Toundas	1942
date of death	Charles Yale Harrison (16 June 1898--17 March 1954) was a Canadian author and journalist, best known for his 1930 anti-war novella Generals Die in Bed.	Charles Yale Harrison	17 March 1954
date of death	Miriam Waddington (née Dworkin, 23 December 1917 -- 3 March 2004) was a Canadian poet, short story writer and translator.	Miriam Waddington	3 March 2004
date of death	Sir Hugh Acland, 6th Baronet (26 January 1697 -- 29 July 1728) was the son of John Acland and Elizabeth Acland.	Sir Hugh Acland, 6th Baronet	29 July 1728
date of death	Hans Wolter (11 May 1911 -- 17 August 1978) was a German physicist who designed an aplanatic system of grazing incidence mirrors that satisfied the Abbe sine condition (i.e. free of both spherical aberration and coma).	Hans Wolter	1978
date of death	John Baskett (1664/5 -- 1742), was the king's printer.	John Baskett	1742
date of death	Angus Robertson Fulton (1871--1958) was a Scottish Engineer and Academic who served as 'Interim' Principal of University College Dundee for seven years.	Angus Robertson Fulton	1958
date of death	William Watkiss Lloyd (11 March 1813 -- 22 December 1893), was an English writer with an interest in fine art, architecture, archaeology, Shakespeare, and classical and modern languages and literature.	William Watkiss Lloyd	22 December 1893
date of death	Arthur Tashko (1901-1994) was an Albanian born in Korçë, in the Manastir Vilayet of the Ottoman Empire (present-day Albania) 10 April 1901, an American modern painter, lawyer and musician.	Arthur Tashko	1994
date of death	John Long Wilson (1914--2001) was a medical professor and administrator at American University of Beirut, Lebanon, and at Stanford University.	John Long Wilson	2001
date of death	Pedro Rodríguez de Castro (fl. 1171--1191), second son of Rodrigo Fernández de Castro the bald and Eylo Álvarez, daughter of Álvar Fáñez, and of the Countess Mayor Perez, was a Castilian ricohombre of the lineage of the Castro.	Pedro Rodríguez de Castro	1191
date of death	Ralph Corbie (Corby, Corbington, at times Corrington) (25 March 1598 - 7 September 1644) was an Irish Jesuit.	Ralph Corbie	7 September 1644
date of death	James Mure-Campbell, 5th Earl of Loudoun (11 February 1726 -- 28 April 1786) was a Scottish aristocrat and soldier.	James Mure-Campbell, 5th Earl of Loudoun	28 April 1786
date of death	Hoca Ishak Efendi (Arta ca. 1774 -- Suez 1835) was an Ottoman mathematician and engineer.	Ishak Efendi	1835
date of death	Nop Bophann (died 1959) was a Cambodian newspaper editor.	Nop Bophann	1959
date of death	Sir Arthur Leycester Scott Coltman (24 May 1938 -- 2003), known as Leycester Coltman, was the British ambassador to Cuba from 1991 to 1994.	Leycester Coltman	2003
date of death	Rosina von Graben von Rain zu Sommeregg, also called Rosina von Rain (15th century -- 1534 (?)) was an Austrian noble woman descending from the House of Graben von Stein, a cadet branch of the Meinhardiner dynasty.	Rosina von Graben von Rain	1534
date of death	Bodil Katharine Biørn (27 May 1871 -- 22 July 1960), also known as Mother Katharine, was a Norwegian missionary.	Bodil Katharine Biørn	22 July 1960
date of death	Radomiro Tomic Romero (7 May 1914 -- 3 January 1992) was a Chilean politician of Croatian origin.	Radomiro Tomic	3 January 1992
date of death	Alfredo Malerba (24 September 1909 in Rosario - 9 January 1994 in Mexico) was an Argentine pianist and musician, producer and screenwriter, with an illustrious career.	Alfredo Malerba	9 January 1994
date of death	Christopher Kempster (1627 -- 1715) was an English master stonemason and architect who trained with Sir Christopher Wren, working on St Paul's Cathedral.	Christopher Kempster	1715
date of death	Charles Abbott, 1st Baron Tenterden PC SL (7 October 1762 -- 4 November 1832), was a British barrister and judge who served as Lord Chief Justice of the King's Bench between 1818 and 1832.	Charles Abbott, 1st Baron Tenterden	4 November 1832
date of death	Enrico di Robilant (1924 - 10 October 2012) was an Italian philosopher of law.	Enrico di Robilant	2012
date of death	John William Hayward (1844--1913) is a Newfoundland artist and inventor.	John William Hayward	1913
date of death	Zelimkhan Yaqub (Azerbaijani: Zəlimxan Yaqub; 21 January 1950 -- 9 January 2016) was an Azerbaijani poet.	Zelimkhan Yaqub	9 January 2016
date of death	Reginald of Burgundy (died 1321) was Count of Montbéliard, jure uxoris, from 1282 to 1321.	Reginald of Burgundy	1321
date of death	Luo Tong (193--228), courtesy name Gongxu, was an official serving under the warlord Sun Quan in the late Eastern Han dynasty and early Three Kingdoms period.	Luo Tong	228
date of death	John Alcindor (8 or 9 July 1873--25 October 1924) was a physician from Trinidad who settled in London.	John Alcindor	1924
date of death	Giovanni Battista Crosato (1686 - July 15, 1758) was an Italian painter of quadratura, active in the 18th-century in Piedmont.	Giovanni Battista Crosato	1758
date of death	William Frederick Bailey PC (9 February 1857 -- 16 April 1917), was an Irish lawyer and writer.	William Frederick Bailey	16 April 1917
date of death	Henry John Hatch (1818--1895) was a British clergyman who was sent to prison for the indecent assault of two female children in his care.	Henry John Hatch	1895
date of death	Emily Inez Denny (December 23, 1853 - August 23, 1918) was a painter who drew scenes from Seattle's early history.	Emily Inez Denny	1918
date of death	Francesco Antonio Franzoni (1734--1818) was an Italian sculptor and restorer.	Francesco Antonio Franzoni	1818
date of death	Adolf Froelich (December 24, 1887 -- November 1943) was a Polish inventor, dentist and participant in the Polish-Soviet War.	Adolf Froelich	November 1943
date of death	Leib Glantz (Yiddish: לייב גלאנץ‎; June 1, 1898 - January 27, 1964) was a Ukrainian-born lyrical tenor cantor (chazzan), Composer, Musicologist of Jewish music, Writer, Educator and Zionist leader.	Leib Glantz	1964
date of death	Richard Ullerston DD (died August or September 1423) was a Vice-Chancellor and Chancellor of Oxford University.	Richard Ullerston	September 1423
date of death	Hugo Fredrik Hjorthøy (9 May 1741 -- 29 August 1812) was a Norwegian priest and topographer.	Hugo Fredrik Hjorthøy	29 August 1812
date of death	Leo Francis (4 December 1922 -- 13 December 2003) was an Australian rules footballer who played with North Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Leo Francis	13 December 2003
date of death	Thomas Byers Huling (1804 -- 1865), was a businessman who, along with Henry Millard and Joseph Pulsifer, helped lay out the original plans for Beaumont, Texas.	Thomas Byers Huling	1865
date of death	Thomas Rackett (1757--1841) was an English clergyman, known as an antiquary.	Thomas Rackett	1841
date of death	Luis Napoleón Morones (1890 -- 1964) was a Mexican union boss who served as secretary general of the Regional Confederation of Mexican Workers (Confederación Regional Obrera Mexicana, CROM) and as secretary of economy under President Plutarco Elías Calles, 1924-1928.	Luis Napoleón Morones	1964
date of death	Yacoub Artin (15 April 1842 - 21 January 1919) was an Ethnic Armenian educator and scholar working in Egypt.	Yacoub Artin	21 January 1919
date of death	Manuel Saumell Robredo (19 April 1818 -- 14 August 1870), was a Cuban composer known for his invention and development of genuinely creolized forms of music.	Manuel Saumell	14 August 1870
date of death	Nilamani Routray (Odia: ନୀଳମଣି ରାଉତରାୟ) (24 May 1920 -- 4 October 2004) was an Indian politician and the Chief Minister of Odisha from 1977 to 1980.	Nilamani Routray	4 October 2004
date of death	Per Tommy Jansson (2 October 1952 -- 20 May 1976) was a motorcycle speedway rider.	Tommy Jansson	20 May 1976
date of death	Hartmann von An der Lan-Hochbrunn, O.F.M., (21 December 1863 &nsp; 6 December 1914) was an Austrian Friar Minor and Catholic priest, who worked as a composer, organist and conductor.	Hartmann von An der Lan-Hochbrunn	6 December 1914
date of death	Pietro Bonato (1765--1820) was an Italian painter and engraver of the Baroque.	Pietro Bonato	1820
date of death	Velmer A. Fassel (26 April 1919 -- 4 March 1998) was an American chemist who developed the inductively coupled plasma (ICP) and demonstrated its use as ion source for mass spectrometry.	Velmer A. Fassel	4 March 1998
date of death	Alexander Fry (10 September 1821, Pencraig, Herefordshire −1905) was an English entomologist who specialised in Coleoptera.	Alexander Fry	1905
date of death	Allen Hiram Curtiss (1845--1907) was a noted botanist in the United States.	Allen Hiram Curtiss	1907
date of death	Ruth L. Kirschstein, M.D. (12 October 1926 -- 6 October 2009) was a pathologist and science administrator at the National Institutes of Health (NIH).	Ruth L. Kirschstein	6 October 2009
date of death	Gudō Toshoku (1577--1661) was a Japanese Rinzai school zen monk from the early Tokugawa period.	Gudō Toshoku	1661
date of death	Harry K. Harring (1871--1928) was a zoologist specializing in the study of Rotatoria.	Harry K. Harring	1928
date of death	Hiltrud (died 754), was a Duchess consort of Bavaria.	Hiltrud	754
date of death	Karol Langner (June 28, 1843 in Deutsch Piekar in Oberschlesien (today Piekary Śląskie) -- January 1912 in Negaunee, Michigan) was a Polish priest and schoolmate of Jan Pitass.	Karol Langner	1912
date of death	Ernest François Guillaux, (24 January 1883 -- 21 May 1917), better known by his adopted name Maurice Guillaux, was a French aviator who spent seven months in Australia in 1914.	Maurice Guillaux	21 May 1917
date of death	James Fillans (27 March 1808 -- 27 September 1852) was a Scottish sculptor, poet and artist with a short but influential career in the early 19th century.	James Fillans	27 September 1852
date of death	Thomas Gardyne of Middleton and Finavon (1780--1841) was a Scottish laird and founder of the village of Friockheim in Angus, Scotland.	Thomas Gardyne	1841
date of death	Antonio Salamanca or Martinez de Salamanca (Salamanca, 1479 - Rome, 1562) was a Spaniard who settled in Rome and was active as a book-seller, publisher and engraver.	Antonio Salamanca	1562
date of death	Konstantinos Triaridis (Greek: Κωνσταντίνος Τριαρίδης; c. 1937 -- 27 June 2012) was a Greek politician who served as Minister for Macedonia-Thrace from 1993 to 1996.	Konstantinos Triaridis	27 June 2012
date of death	Alonso de Benavides (Portuguese: Afonso de Benavides) (c.1578-1635) was a Portuguese Franciscan missionary active in New Mexico, in the early part of the seventeenth century.	Alonso de Benavides	1635
date of death	Michael Marlow (died 1828) was an academic administrator at the University of Oxford and an Anglican priest.	Michael Marlow	1828
date of death	Clement Charlton Palmer (1871-1944) was an cathedral organist, who served at Canterbury Cathedral.	Clement Charlton Palmer	1944
date of death	Major-General Sir Robert Rollo Gillespie (21 January 1766 -- 31 October 1814) was an officer in the British army.	Rollo Gillespie	31 October 1814
date of death	Gustavo Re (4 July 1908 - 5 June 1979) was an Italian actor who mainly worked in Spain.	Gustavo Re	5 June 1979
date of death	Flavius Claudius Constantius Gallus (ca. 325/326--354), commonly known as Constantius Gallus, was a member of the Constantinian dynasty and Caesar of the Roman Empire (351--354).	Constantius Gallus	354
date of death	Richard Spurr (1800--1855) was an English cabinet maker and lay preacher who was imprisoned for his part in leading the political movement Chartism.	Richard Spurr	1855
date of death	Sean Hales (30 March 1880 -- 7 December 1922) was an Irish political activist and member of Dáil Eireann in the early 20th century.	Sean Hales	7 December 1922
date of death	Víctor Cabedo Carda (15 June 1989 -- 19 September 2012) was a Spanish professional road racing cyclist.	Víctor Cabedo	19 September 2012
date of death	Basil Christopher Butler, OSB (7 May 1902 -- 20 September 1986) was a convert from the Church of England to the Roman Catholic Church.	Christopher Butler	20 September 1986
date of death	Bartolomé Ruiz (Moguer, Spain c. 1482 - Cajamarca, Peru c. 1532) was a Spanish conquistador.	Bartolomé Ruiz	1532
date of death	Abu Yahya ibn Abd al-Haqq (died 1258?) was a Marinid ruler.	Abu Yahya ibn Abd al-Haqq	1258
date of death	Reinhold Wilhelm Buchholz (2 October 1837, Frankfurt an der Oder -- 17 April 1876) was a German zoologist who made contributions in the fields of herpetology, carcinology and ichthyology.	Reinhold Wilhelm Buchholz	17 April 1876
date of death	Ransom Cook (1794 -- 1881) was an inventor who lived much of his life in Saratoga Springs, New York.	Ransom Cook	1881
date of death	Banke Chamar was a freedom fighter who died for his actions in the Indian Rebellion of 1857.	Banke Chamar	1857
date of death	Reuben Atwater, also known as Reuben Attwater, (May 11, 1768 -- February 1831) was the Secretary of Michigan Territory and served as acting governor during 1811--1812.	Reuben Atwater	February 1831
date of death	John Joe McGee (died 2002, Dundalk, County Louth, Ireland) was an IRA volunteer who was formerly in the British Special Boat Service.	John Joe McGee	2002
date of death	Donn mac Cumasgach, King of Maigh Seóla?, died 752.	Donn mac Cumasgach	752
date of death	Dr Reginald Spencer Ellery (1897 - 1955), was a pioneer in the practice of psychiatry in Melbourne, Australia.	Reginald Spencer Ellery	1955
date of death	Dora Birtles (1903--1992, née Toll), was an Australian novelist, short-story writer, poet and travel writer.	Dora Birtles	1992
date of death	John Dobbie (died 1952) was a popular Australian actor of theatre and film.	John Dobbie	1952
date of death	Francisco da Costa Gomes, ComTE, GOA (Portuguese pronunciation: (fɾɐ̃ˈsiʃku dɐ ˈkɔʃtɐ ˈɡomɨʃ); 30 June 1914, in Chaves -- 31 July 2001, in Lisbon, Lapa) was a Portuguese military officer and politician, the 15th President of the Portuguese Republic (the second after the Carnation Revolution).	Francisco da Costa Gomes	31 July 2001
date of death	John Hudson Thomas (1878-1945) was an American architect who practiced in the northern California area.	John Hudson Thomas	1945
date of death	Christopher Tancred (8 April 1659 -- 22 November 1705), of Whixley in Yorkshire, was Member of Parliament for Aldborough from 1689 to 1698.	Christopher Tancred	22 November 1705
date of death	Mary Morison or Mary Morrison (1771 -- 29 June 1791), may have been the ``lovely Mary Morison'', whom the poet Robert Burns admired as a girl of sixteen.	Mary Morison	29 June 1791
date of death	Dorothy Lonewolf Miller (1920-2003) was a Blackfoot activist from Iowa.	Dorothy Lonewolf Miller	2003
date of death	Vernon March died of pneumonia at age 38 on 11 June 1930 in Farnborough, Kent, England.	Vernon March	11 June 1930
date of death	Sascha Jacobsen (Helsinki, Finland, 11 December (O.S. 29 November) 1895 -- Los Angeles, California, 19 March 1972) was a Jewish-American violinist and teacher born in Russia, now Finland.	Sascha Jacobsen	19 March 1972
date of death	Mostafa Khomeini (12 December 1930--23 October 1977) was an Iranian cleric and the son of Ayatollah Khomeini.	Mostafa Khomeini	23 October 1977
date of death	John Latton (1484/1485--1548), of the Inner Temple, London and Upton in Berkshire (now Oxfordshire), was an English politician.	John Latton	1548
date of death	Arild Feldborg (18 April 1912 -- 26 October 1987) was a Norwegian playwright, revue writer, script writer, humorist and broadcasting person.	Arild Feldborg	26 October 1987
date of death	Thierry Manoncourt (September 1917, -- 27 August 2010) was a French winery owner of the Grand Cru estate Château Figeac in Bordeaux, and for many decades a major figure of Bordeaux and the Saint-Émilion appellation.	Thierry Manoncourt	27 August 2010
date of death	William Croome (1790--1860) was an American illustrator and wood engraver in the 19th century.	William Croome	1860
date of death	Derek Deadman (11 March 1940 -- 22 November 2014) was a British character actor who appeared in numerous British films and television series over a 40-year period.	Derek Deadman	22 November 2014
date of death	Abu Yaqub al-Masri also known as Zakkariya (The Doctor) and labeled ``The Emir of Taji'' (died 31 August 2007) was the organizer of the 23 November 2006 Sadr City bombings.	Abu Yaqub al-Masri	31 August 2007
date of death	Lieutenant General Sir John Jarvis Bisset KCMG, CB (25 December 1819 - 25 March 1894) was a British Army officer who became colonel of the 106th Regiment of Foot.	John Jarvis Bisset	25 March 1894
date of death	Albert Edward Jones (1878 - 1954) was an English silversmith and designer.	Albert Edward Jones	1954
date of death	John Aynsley (1823 -- 7 February 1907) was an English potter who established the Portland Works in Longton, Staffordshire.	John Aynsley	7 February 1907
date of death	Jacques Van Melkebeke (12 December 1904 -- 8 June 1983) was a Belgian painter, journalist, writer, and comic strip writer.	Jacques Van Melkebeke	8 June 1983
date of death	Edward North, 1st Baron North (c. 1496--1564) was an English peer and politician.	Edward North, 1st Baron North	1564
date of death	Hersleb Vogt (20 May 1912 -- 9 November 1999) was a Norwegian diplomat.	Hersleb Vogt	9 November 1999
date of death	Allen Tough (1936 -- 27 April 2012) was a Canadian educator and researcher.	Allen Tough	27 April 2012
date of death	George Webb Slaughter (1811--1895) was an American Baptist minister, cattle breeder and drover, and rancher in Texas.	George Webb Slaughter	1895
date of death	Hugo Sánchez Portugal (15 June 1984 -- 8 November 2014) was a Mexican footballer and sports commentator with Televisa Deportes.	Hugo Sánchez Portugal	8 November 2014
date of death	John E. Richards was an associate justice of the California Supreme Court from 1924 until 1932.	John E. Richards	1932
date of death	Charles Bennet, 1st Earl of Tankerville KT PC (1674 -- 21 May 1722), known as The Lord Ossulston between 1695 and 1714, was a British peer.	Charles Bennet, 1st Earl of Tankerville	21 May 1722
date of death	Kay Dick (29 July 1915 -- 19 October 2001) was an English journalist, writer, novelist and autobiographer, who sometimes wrote under the name Edward Lane.	Kay Dick	19 October 2001
date of death	James Thayer Addison (1887--1953) was an American Episcopalian teacher and writer.	James Thayer Addison	1953
date of death	David William Ramsay (1943-2008) was a Canadian lawyer and judge notorious for being sent to prison for sexual assault on minors, some of whom appeared before him in court.	David William Ramsay	2008
date of death	Elizabeth Seymour, Duchess of Somerset and suo jure Baroness Percy (26 January 1667 -- 24 November 1722) was a great heiress.	Elizabeth Seymour, Duchess of Somerset	24 November 1722
date of death	William Jane (1645--1707) was an English academic and clergyman, Regius Professor of Divinity at Oxford from 1680.	William Jane	1707
date of death	Willard Cochrane (1914-2012) was an agricultural economist and a leading architect of farm policy in the United States.	Willard Cochrane	2012
date of death	Hayyim Mordecai Margolioth (mid-18th century - 1818) (Hebrew: חיים מרדכי מרגליות) was a Polish rabbi, brother of Ephraim Solomon Margolioth.	Hayyim Mordecai Margolioth	1818
date of death	Demeter Hunyadi (1579--1592) was a Hungarian Unitarian.	Demeter Hunyadi	1592
date of death	Franz Kessler (c. 1580--1650) was a portrait painter, scholar, inventor and alchemist living in the Holy Roman Empire during the 16th and 17th centuries.	Franz Kessler	1650
date of death	Reba Rakshit (Bengali: রেবা রক্ষিত) ( - 2010) was an Indian bodybuilder and exponent of yoga who performed astonishing feats.	Reba Rakshit	2010
date of death	François Rauber (19 January 1933 -- 14 December 2003) was a French pianist, composer, arranger and conductor known for his works with chansonnier Jacques Brel.	François Rauber	14 December 2003
date of death	Francesco Caetani, 8th Duke of Sermoneta, (11 March 1613 -- 9 October 1683) was an Italian nobleman.	Francesco Caetani, 8th Duke of Sermoneta	9 October 1683
date of death	Sven Ingemar Ljungh, also spelled Liungh (5 June 1757, Björkö, Jönköping County - 12 September 1828, Bälaryd, Jönköping County) was a Swedish civil servant, naturalist and collector.	Sven Ingemar Ljungh	12 September 1828
date of death	Alec John Dawson (1872 - 3 February 1951), generally known as A. J. Dawson (pseudonyms Major Dawson, Howard Kerr, Nicholas Freydon) was an English author, traveller and novelist.	Alec John Dawson	3 February 1951
date of death	Reuven Dov Dessler (1863--1935) was a rabbinic leader of the Musar movement and the director of the Kelm Talmud Torah from 1918 until 1931.	Reuven Dov Dessler	1935
date of death	Sir Israel Brodie KBE (10 May 1895, Newcastle -- 13 February 1979) was the Chief Rabbi of Great Britain and the Commonwealth 1948--1965.	Israel Brodie	1979
date of death	Marek Żuławski (13 April 1908 in Rome -- 30 March 1985 in London), was a painter and graphic artist, son of Jerzy Żuławski.	Marek Żuławski	30 March 1985
date of death	Stanisław Zając (Polish pronunciation: (staˈɲiswav ˈzajɔnts), 1 May 1949 -- 10 April 2010) was a Polish lawyer and politician.	Stanisław Zając	10 April 2010
date of death	Owen Morgan, also known by his bardic name Morien (1836 -- 16 December 1921) was a Welsh journalist, historian and writer of books on the subject of neo-druidism.	Owen Morgan	16 December 1921
date of death	Maduluwawe Sobitha Thero (Sinhalese: මාදුළුවාවේ සෝභිත හිමි; 29 May 1942 -- 8 November 2015) was an influential Sinhalese Buddhist monk regarded by many, a nonviolent revolutionary.	Maduluwawe Sobitha Thero	8 November 2015
date of death	Nicholas Georgiadis CBE (14 September 1923 -- 10 March 2001) was a Greek painter, stage and costume designer, best known for his work in ballet, particularly in collaboration with Kenneth MacMillan.	Nicholas Georgiadis	10 March 2001
date of death	Frederick Theobold (1 February 1839 -- 5 January 1888) was an English cricketer who played for Kent.	Frederick Theobold	1888
date of death	George Abram Miller (31 July 1863 -- 10 February 1951) was an early group theorist whose many papers and texts were considered important by his contemporaries, but are now mostly considered only of historical importance.	George Abram Miller	10 February 1951
date of death	Charles Hubert de Castella (27 March 1825 -- 30 October 1907) was a Swiss-Australian writer, artist and winemaker.	Hubert de Castella	30 October 1907
date of death	Lee Huan (Chinese: 李煥; pinyin: Lǐ Huàn; 24 September 1917 -- 2 December 2010) was a politician in the Republic of China.	Lee Huan	2 December 2010
date of death	George Noble Jones (1811--1876) was an American wealthy southern plantation owner who owned the El Destino Plantation and Chemonie Plantation.	George Noble Jones	1876
date of death	Bjarne Gran (23 February 1918 -- 14 December 1992) was a Norwegian journalist, historian and literary consultant.	Bjarne Gran	14 December 1992
date of death	Balthasar Oomkens von Esens (died 1540) was an East Frisian nobleman who died during the siege of his castle in Esens by the Bremen army.	Balthasar Oomkens von Esens	1540
date of death	James Charles Cox (21 July 1834 -- 29 September 1912) was an Australian physician and conchologist.	James Charles Cox	29 September 1912
date of death	Pope Timothy II of Alexandria (died 477), also known as Αἴλουρος/Aelurus (from Greek cat because of his small build or in this case probably ``weasel''), succeeded twice in supplanting the Chalcedonian Patriarch of Alexandria.	Pope Timothy II of Alexandria	477
date of death	George Strachan died on 29 December 1901, at Middelburg, Transvaal, South Africa.	George Strachan	1901
date of death	Elisabeth Plainacher, or Elsa Plainacher (1513 -- 27 September 1583), was an alleged Austrian witch.	Elisabeth Plainacher	27 September 1583
date of death	Juan Rodríguez Botas (1880--1917) is considered the first Canarian impressionist.	Juan Rodríguez Botas	1917
date of death	Paul Feiler (30 April 1918 -- 8 July 2013) was a German-born artist who was a prominent member of the St Ives School of art: he has pictures hanging in major art galleries across the world.	Paul Feiler	8 July 2013
date of death	Frances Fabri, born Sárika Ladányi (22 September 1929 -- 9 January 2006), was a Hungarian-born author and Holocaust survivor.	Frances Fabri	9 January 2006
date of death	Jiang Shaoji (simplified Chinese: 江绍基; traditional Chinese: 江紹基; pinyin: Jiāng Shàojī; 1919--1995) was a Chinese internist and gastroenterologist.	Jiang Shaoji	1995
date of death	Colonel John James Mellor (12 August 1830 -- 12 January 1916) was a British industrialist and Conservative politician.	John James Mellor	12 January 1916
date of death	John Maltravers, 1st Baron Maltravers (1290?--1365) was an English nobleman and soldier.	John Maltravers, 1st Baron Maltravers	1365
date of death	Teofil Pożyczka (1912 -- c. 1974) was a Polish pilot during World War II. He served as technical officer in the Centralne Warsztaty Lotnicze (Central Aerial Works) in the Polish September Campaign of 1939.	Teofil Pożyczka	1974
date of death	George Rainsford Fairbanks (1820 - 1906 ) was a lawyer, Clerk of the Circuit Court, Florida State Senator, president of Florida Fruit Growers Association and the Florida Fruit Exchange; editor of the Florida Mirror; the author of books on Florida history; and the founder and president of Florida Historical Society.	George Rainsford Fairbanks	1906
date of death	Friedrich Wilhelm, Prince of Wied (German: Friedrich Wilhelm Heinrich Konstantin Fürst von Wied; 2 June 1931 -- 28 August 2000) was the grandson of William Frederick, 6th Prince of Wied.	Friedrich Wilhelm, Prince of Wied	28 August 2000
date of death	Samuel Juster, AIA, (February 12, 1896 -- May 1982) was a minor American architect who practiced in mid-20th-century New York and New Jersey.	Samuel Juster	1982
date of death	Michalis Oikonomou ( also Mihalis Ikonomou or Michael Economou; Greek: Μιχάλης Οικονόμου, 1888--1933) was a Greek impressionist painter.	Michalis Oikonomou	1933
date of death	Airlangga (also spelled Erlangga), regnal name Rakai Halu Sri Lokeswara Dharmawangsa Airlangga Anantawikramottunggadewa (born 991 in Bali, Indonesia -- died 1049 in Java), was the only raja of the Kingdom of Kahuripan.	Airlangga	1049
date of death	Tine Bryld (née Begtrup; 18 December 1939 -- 21 April 2011) was a social worker, writer, radio personality and editor of letter to the editor pages.	Tine Bryld	21 April 2011
date of death	Syed Zahoor Shah Hashmi (Urdu: سید ظہور شاہ ہاشمی‎) (21 April 1926 -- 4 March 1978), known as Syed Hashmi (سید ہاشمی), was an academic, poet, writer, and philosopher in Pakistan who is widely regarded as having inspired the Balochi literature.	Syed Zahoor Shah Hashmi	4 March 1978
date of death	John Minshull aka Minchin (born c.1741; died 23 October 1793 at Kingston upon Thames, Surrey) was a famous English cricketer during the 1770s.	John Minshull	1793
date of death	John Hatchell PC (1788--1870) was an Irish lawyer and politician.	John Hatchell	1870
date of death	John Plumb (6 February 1927 -- 6 April 2008) was an English abstract painter who emerged in Britain after World War II. Plumb was born in Luton, and he went to the Byam Shaw School in London at the age of 20.	John Plumb	6 April 2008
date of death	Jonathan H. Carter (died 1887) was a North Carolina-born planter, sailor, and Confederate States of America gunboat builder.	Jonathan H. Carter	1887
date of death	Lisbetha Olsdotter (died November 1679) was a Swedish woman, who was executed on a number of different charges after having dressed as a man, served as a soldier and married a woman.	Lisbetha Olsdotter	1679
date of death	Hans Neusidler (also Neusiedler, Newsidler) (c.1508 -- 2 February 1563), was a German composer and lutenist of the Renaissance.	Hans Neusidler	2 February 1563
date of death	Paolo Andreani (27 May 1763 -- 11 May 1823) was an Italian who made the first balloon flight over Italian soil.	Paolo Andreani	11 May 1823
date of death	Alleppey Sheriff,also known as A. Sheriff (1940 -- 2 December 2015), was an Indian film script writer and director in Malayalam movies.	A. Sheriff	2 December 2015
date of death	Richard Q. Yardley (1903-1979) was an editorial cartoonist for The Baltimore Sun, Maryland, United States.	Richard Q. Yardley	1979
date of death	Filippo Gherardi (1643--1704) was an Italian painter of the Baroque period.	Filippo Gherardi	1704
date of death	Misbaholdiwan Adab was the pen name of Kurdish poet Abd-Allah Beg b. Ahmed Beg Babamiri, (1860--1918), also known by his title Misbah al-Diwan.	Misbaholdiwan Adab	1918
date of death	Damkhat Reachea (died 1508) was a Cambodian king and emperor, Thomuro Reachea uncle's successor, which is known relatively few on his life.	Damkhat Reachea	1508
date of death	Fernand Dehousse (French: (də.us); 3 July 1906 -- 10 August 1976) was a Belgian politician.	Fernand Dehousse	10 August 1976
date of death	Viredo Espinosa (1928 - 2012) was a Cuban Abstract Expressionist artist.	Viredo Espinosa	2012
date of death	Habib Ali Kiddie (December 7, 1929 -- 1987) was a Pakistani field hockey player from 1950 to 1964.	Habib Ali Kiddie	1987
date of death	John Arthur Phillips FRS, FCS (18 February 1822 -- 5 January 1887) was a British geologist, metallurgist, and mining engineer.	John Arthur Phillips	5 January 1887
date of death	Stefano Ronchetti-Monteviti (1814--1882) was an Italian composer, music educator, and college administrator.	Stefano Ronchetti-Monteviti	1882
date of death	Æthelric I (died 1038) was an Anglo-Saxon Bishop of Selsey.	Æthelric I	1038
date of death	Charlie Dibbs (3 April 1905 -- 22 November 1960) was an Australian rules footballer who played for the Collingwood Magpies in the Victorian Football League (VFL) during the 1920s and 30s.	Charlie Dibbs	22 November 1960
date of death	Raúl Borges Requena (4 February 1882 -- 24 November 1967) was a renowned Venezuelan pedagogue, guitarist and composer.	Raúl Borges	24 November 1967
date of death	Luis Arístides Fiallo Cabral (8 May 1876 -- Santo Domingo, 20 March 1931) was a scientist (astronomer, medical laboratory scientist), physician, lawyer, architect, writer, philosopher and politician from the Dominican Republic.	Luis Arístides Fiallo Cabral	20 March 1931
date of death	Henry Rutgers Marshall (22 July 1852 -- 3 May 1927) was an American architect and psychologist.	Henry Rutgers Marshall	3 May 1927
date of death	Frederick Victor Dickins (1838--1915) was a British surgeon, barrister, orientalist and university administrator.	Frederick Victor Dickins	1915
date of death	Magda Cordell McHale (née Lustigova) (June 24, 1921 in Hungary -- February 21, 2008 in Sloan (near Buffalo), New York) was an artist, futurist, and educator.	Magda Cordell McHale	2008
date of death	Charlie Sneddon (10 June 1930 -- 1992) was a Scottish professional footballer who played as a centre half.	Charlie Sneddon	1992
date of death	Sir John Delamare (c. 1320 -- 1383) was a knight at the court of King Edward III of England and the builder of Nunney Castle in Somerset.	John Delamare	1383
date of death	Thanh Hải died because of cirrhosis on 15 December 1980 at Huế city.	Thanh Hải	15 December 1980
date of death	Arturo Chini Ludueña (name also spelled Artur Quini Ludueña; born October 21, 1904 in Cañada de Gómez; died in 1993) was an Argentine professional football player.	Arturo Chini Ludueña	1993
date of death	Maniram Dutta Baruah, popularly known as Maniram Dewan (Assamese: মণিৰাম দেৱান) (17 April 1806 -- 26 February 1858), was an Assamese nobleman in British India.	Maniram Dewan	26 February 1858
date of death	Sir George Bracewell Smith, 2nd Bt MBE, always called Guy Bracewell Smith, (12 December 1912 -- 18 September 1976), was a City of London business man who owned the Ritz Hotel and several others.	George Bracewell Smith	18 September 1976
date of death	Benjamin Thorpe (1782 -- 19 July 1870) was an English scholar of Anglo-Saxon.	Benjamin Thorpe	19 July 1870
date of death	Mary Treadgold (16 April 1910 -- 14 May 2005) was a British author of books for children and adults, a literary editor and a BBC producer.	Mary Treadgold	14 May 2005
date of death	Thomas Middlemore (1842 -- 16 May 1923) was an English mountaineer who made multiple first ascents during the silver age of alpinism.	Thomas Middlemore	16 May 1923
date of death	Marko Cheremshyna (Ukrainian: Марко Черемшина) (other name: Ivan Semaniuk, Іван Семанюк), (born 13 June 1874 in Kobaky, Galicia; died 25 April 1927 in Kobaky) was a Ukrainian writer of Hutsul background.	Marko Cheremshyna	25 April 1927
date of death	Paul Grebner (Latin: Grebnerus) (fl. 1560--1590) was a German schoolteacher, and writer of a celebrated prophecy.	Paul Grebner	1590
date of death	Joannes Burmeister (1576--1638) was a Neo-Latin poet laureate of the German Baroque period, famed for his Christian adaptations of the classical Roman poets Martial and Plautus.	Joannes Burmeister	1638
date of death	Makkikha II was Patriarch of the Church of the East from 1257 until his death in 1265.	Makkikha II	1265
date of death	Sir Walter Yonge, 2nd Baronet (c. 1625 -- 21 November 1670) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons variously between 1660 and 1670.	Sir Walter Yonge, 2nd Baronet	21 November 1670
date of death	Matthew Pitt (died 18 April 1624) was an English merchant and politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1621 to 1622.	Matthew Pitt	18 April 1624
date of death	August Wiltberger (17 April 1850 -- 2 December 1928), was a German royal music director, composer and professor at a teachers' seminary.	August Wiltberger	2 December 1928
date of death	Robert Sibthorpe or Sibthorp (died 1662) was an English clergyman who gained notoriety during the reign of King Charles I of England for his outspoken defense of the divine right of kings.	Robert Sibthorpe	1662
date of death	George Douglass Sherley (1857--1917) was an author, journalist, and poet.	Douglass Sherley	1917
date of death	Arieh Dulzin (pronounced: Dulchin; Hebrew: אריה דולצ'ין‎, 1913--1989) was a Zionist activist who served as a Minister without Portfolio in the Israeli government between December 1969 and August 1970, though he was never a member of the Knesset.	Arieh Dulzin	1989
date of death	Yitzhaq Shami (Hebrew: יצחק שמי‎) (August 4, 1888 -- March 1949) was a Hebrew writer, one of the earliest modern Hebrew literature writers in Palestine, prior to Israeli statehood.	Yitzhaq Shami	March 1949
date of death	John Frederick Perkins (5 May 1910, in Paignton, Devon -- 14 May 1983) was an English entomologist.	John Frederick Perkins	1983
date of death	Alexander Kircher (26 February 1867 -- 16 September 1939) was an Austrian-German marine- and landscape painter and an illustrator.	Alexander Kircher	16 September 1939
date of death	Elder John Crandall (1618-1676) was a Baptist minister from England and one of the founding settlers of Westerly, Rhode Island.	John Crandall	1676
date of death	Dhanaji Jadhav (1650--1708) was a warrior of the Maratha Empire.	Dhanaji Jadhav	1708
date of death	Major Sir Charles James Buchanan, 4th Baronet (16 April 1899 -- 1984) was High Sheriff of Nottinghamshire in 1962.	Charles James Buchanan	1984
date of death	Charles Muir Campbell died 12 October 1874 from kidney stones and is buried at Block 7, Lot 261, of the famous Oak Ridge Cemetery, not far from his friend, Abraham Lincoln.	Charles Muir Campbell	12 October 1874
date of death	Amalendu Guha (30 January 1924 -- 7 May 2015) was a historian, economist and poet from Assam, India.	Amalendu Guha	7 May 2015
date of death	Emilio Villalba Welsh (died 7 September 1992) was a prolific Argentine screenwriter.	Emilio Villalba Welsh	7 September 1992
date of death	Elizabeth Laurenson Simpson (1916--1996), better known as Sloan Simpson, was a fashion consultant, TV/radio personality, fashion model, and actor.	Sloan Simpson	1996
date of death	Lina Marín (born Felipa Cartas Orozco; died in 1989) was a Mexican actress who participated in both American and Mexican films.	Lina Marín	1989
date of death	Trine Krogh (18 January 1955 -- 3 May 2014) was a Norwegian swimmer.	Trine Krogh	3 May 2014
date of death	George Cotes (or Cotys) (died 1556) was an English Catholic bishop.	George Cotes	1556
date of death	Anne Elizabeth Ball (1808--1872) was an Irish botanist, amateur algologist, and botanical illustrator.	Anne Elizabeth Ball	1872
date of death	Pierre Pavillon (1612-1670) was a French architect and sculptor.	Pierre Pavillon	1670
date of death	Eva Fong Chang (1897--1991) was a Chinese and Native American painter who was one of the first Asian American Women to widely exhibit in the United States.	Eva Fong Chang	1991
date of death	Len Harvey (11 July 1907 -- 28 November 1976) was an English boxer.	Len Harvey	28 November 1976
date of death	Alexander Grant McLean (1824 -- 28 September 1862) was a Surveyor General of New South Wales, (then a colony, now a state of Australia).	Alexander Grant McLean	28 September 1862
date of death	Helen Deutsch (21 March 1906 -- 15 March 1992) was an American screenwriter, journalist and songwriter.	Helen Deutsch	15 March 1992
date of death	Chuni Lal Katial (1898 -- 1978) was a South Asian doctor and politician, who became the first UK's South Asian mayor, after being elected mayor of Finsbury in 1938.	Chuni Lal Katial	1978
date of death	Felipe Seade (1912 -- 18 January 1969) was a painter and teacher of Lebanese descent who spent most of his life in Uruguay.	Felipe Seade	18 January 1969
date of death	Hugh Dunbar (27 June 1903 -- 17 July 1985) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne and St Kilda in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Hugh Dunbar	17 July 1985
date of death	Kendal Flanagan (19?? -- 27 November 1999) was an Australian film and television director in regular employment from the late 1970s.	Kendal Flanagan	27 November 1999
date of death	Frans Ackerman (born c. 1330, Ghent -- 22 July 1387, Ghent), sometimes given as Franz, Francis or French Ackerman, was one of the most famous Flemish statesmen of the 14th century.	Frans Ackerman	22 July 1387
date of death	Monica Baldwin (1893--1975) was a British writer, a niece of British Prime Minister Stanley Baldwin, who was a canoness regular for 28 years.	Monica Baldwin	1975
date of death	Lucile Garner, later Lucile Garner Grant, (1910-2013) was Canada's first flight attendant.	Lucile Garner	2013
date of death	Oronhyatekha (10 August 1841 -- 3 March 1907), (``Burning Sky'' or ``Burning Cloud'' in the Mohawk language, also carried the baptismal name Peter Martin), was a Mohawk physician, scholar, and a unique figure in the history of British colonialism.	Oronhyatekha	3 March 1907
date of death	Jacob Lampert (1856, London - 1921, St. Louis, Missouri) was a wealthy cigar manufacturer based in St. Louis, Missouri.	Jacob Lampert	1921
date of death	Judith Meuli (1938-2007) was an American feminist activist and scientist.	Judith Meuli	2007
date of death	Maxwell Finland (March 15, 1902 -- October 25, 1987) was an American scientist, medical researcher, an expert on infectious diseases.	Maxwell Finland	1987
date of death	António de Almeida Santos, GCL (15 February 1926 -- 18 January 2016), was a Portuguese lawyer, politician and government minister.	António de Almeida Santos	18 January 2016
date of death	Knud Nellemose (12 March 1908, Copenhagen -- 14 January 1997, Copenhagen) was a prolific Danish sculptor who is remembered for his figures of sportsmen and his statues of famous Danes.	Knud Nellemose	14 January 1997
date of death	Lawrence Fletcher (died 1608) was a Jacobean actor, and man of mystery.	Lawrence Fletcher	1608
date of death	Edmond Albanach de Burgh, 1st Mac William Íochtar, born before 1315, died 1375.	Edmond Albanach de Burgh	1375
date of death	Friedrich Ruthardt (9 December 1802 -- 23 May 1862) was a German oboist and composer.	Friedrich Ruthardt	23 May 1862
date of death	Dick Joice (1921 in Great Ryburgh, Norfolk -- 1999) was a British regional television presenter renowned in the East of England for his Anglia Television programmes - particularly the Bygones show that ran from 1967 for twenty years.	Dick Joice	1999
date of death	Reverend Henry Weston Smith (Preacher Smith) (b. January 10, 1827 in Ellington, Connecticut -- died August 20, 1876 between Deadwood and Crook City, South Dakota) was an early resident of Deadwood, South Dakota.	Henry Weston Smith	1876
date of death	Richard Handcock, 2nd Baron Castlemaine (14 May 1767 -- 18 April 1840), known as Richard Handcock until 1839, was an Irish peer and politician.	Richard Handcock, 2nd Baron Castlemaine	18 April 1840
date of death	Edward Pytts (1606 - 3 November 1672) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1654 and 1660.	Edward Pytts	3 November 1672
date of death	Walter Hawken Tregellas (1831--1894), miscellaneous writer, born at Truro, Cornwall, UK on 10 July 1831, was a professional draughtsman and writer of historical, biographical and other works.	Walter Hawken Tregellas	1894
date of death	Colin Blythe (born 30 May 1879, Deptford --died 8 November 1917, Belgium), also known as Charlie Blythe, was a Kent and England left arm spinner who is regarded as one of the finest bowlers of the period between 1900 and 1914 -- sometimes referred to as the ``Golden Age'' of cricket.	Colin Blythe	8 November 1917
date of death	James Augustine Power (14 September 1903 -- 9 February 1975) was a Liberal party member of the Canadian House of Commons and a lawyer.	James Augustine Power	9 February 1975
date of death	Blessed Victoria Díez Bustos de Molina (Seville, 11 November 1903 - Hornachuelos, 12 August 1936) was a Spanish teacher and lay religious woman.	Victoria Díez Bustos de Molina	12 August 1936
date of death	Pál Engel (27 February 1938 -- 21 August 2001) was a Hungarian medivealist historian and archivist, member of the Hungarian Academy of Sciences.	Pál Engel	21 August 2001
date of death	Sir Hans Adolf Krebs (English /krɛbz/ or /krɛps/) (25 August 1900 -- 22 November 1981) was a German-born British physician and biochemist.	Hans Adolf Krebs	22 November 1981
date of death	Robert Jay Wolff (1905--1978) was an early pioneer of the American abstract art. His paintings are in the collections of the Brooklyn Museum and the Guggenheim.	Robert Jay Wolff	1978
date of death	Sir (William Owen) Campbell Adamson (26 June 1922 -- 21 August 2000) was a British industrialist who was best known for his work as Director-General of the Confederation of British Industry from 1969 to 1976.	Campbell Adamson	21 August 2000
date of death	André Chave (1799-1868) was a French landowner and real estate developer in Marseille.	André Chave	1868
date of death	Simin Behbahani (Persian: سیمین بهبهانی‎‎; 20 June 1927 -- 19 August 2014) was a prominent Iranian contemporaneity poet, lyricist and activist.	Simin Behbahani	19 August 2014
date of death	Edward Slow (1841 -- 16 February 1925) was a poet born in Wilton, Wiltshire, England.	Edward Slow	16 February 1925
date of death	Felipe Herrera (17 June 1922 -- 17 September 1996) was a Chilean economist, lawyer, academic and political socialist.	Felipe Herrera	17 September 1996
date of death	Ismael Montes Gamboa (5 October 1861 -- 16 October 1933) was a Bolivian general and political figure.	Ismael Montes	16 October 1933
date of death	Ramavtar Tyagi, popularly known as ``Tyagi'' (17 March 1925 - 12 April 1985) was a Hindi poet.	Ramavtar Tyagi	12 April 1985
date of death	Jesús Sanoja Hernández (Tumeremo, Bolívar state 27 June 1930 - Caracas, 9 June 2007), was a Venezuelan journalist, historian and writer, who authored Entre golpes y revoluciones (2007).	Jesús Sanoja Hernández	9 June 2007
date of death	Sultan Ahmed Mirza was the eldest son of Abu Sa'id Mirza on whose death he became the Timurid ruler of Samarkand and Bukhara from 1469 till 1494.	Sultan Ahmed Mirza	1494
date of death	Edmund Petty (c. 1621 -- 1661) was an English lawyer and politician who sat in the House of Commons in 1660.	Edmund Petty	1661
date of death	Edith Halpert or Edith Gregor Halpert (née Edith Gregoryevna Fivoosiovitch (Fein)) (1900--1970) was a pioneering New York City dealer of Modern art. Halpert brought recognition and market success to many avant-garde American artists over her forty-year career from 1926 through the 1960s.	Edith Halpert	1970
date of death	Elisabeth of Świdnica (ca. 1315 -- 8/9 February 1348) was a member of the Piast dynasty in the Świdnica-Jawor branch and by marriage Duchess of Opole.	Elisabeth of Świdnica	1348
date of death	Alejandro Scopelli Casanova (12 May 1908 -- 23 October 1987) was an Italian Argentine football player and coach.	Alejandro Scopelli	23 October 1987
date of death	Deborahe Glasgow (1965 -- 25 January 1994) was an English Lovers rock singer of Guyanese parentage, who was active from the late 1970s to the beginning of the 1990s.	Deborahe Glasgow	25 January 1994
date of death	Pierre Gadoys (c. 1594 -- October 1667) is recognized as the first farmer at Montreal.	Pierre Gadoys	October 1667
date of death	Margaret Maddocks, née Margaret Kathleen Avern (10 August 1906 -- October 1993), was a British writer of 17 gothic and romance novels.	Margaret Maddocks	1993
date of death	Dr. Paul Alfred Biefeld (22 March 1867 -- 21 June 1943) was a German-American electrical engineer, astronomer and teacher.	Paul Alfred Biefeld	21 June 1943
date of death	Quispe Sisa (ca. 1518 -- 1559), also known as Inés Huaylas Yupanqui, was an Inca princess who played a role in the Spanish conquest of the Inca Empire.	Quispe Sisa	1559
date of death	Tom Holley (November 15, 1913 -- September 1992) was a professional footballer who played for Sunderland, Barnsley and Leeds United.	Tom Holley	1992
date of death	Colin Fletcher (14 March 1922 -- 12 June 2007) was a pioneering backpacker and writer.	Colin Fletcher	12 June 2007
date of death	Emma Danieli (14 October 1936 -- 21 June 1998) was an Italian actress and television personality.	Emma Danieli	21 June 1998
date of death	Rudolf Nafziger (11 August 1945 -- 13 July 2008) was a German footballer who was part of the Bayern Munich team of the late-1960s.	Rudolf Nafziger	13 July 2008
date of death	Giuseppe Pozzobonelli died in Milan on 27 April 1783, and his remains were buried in the North nave of the Cathedral of Milan.	Giuseppe Pozzobonelli	27 April 1783
date of death	Robert Devereux, 3rd Earl of Essex KB PC (11 January 1591 -- 14 September 1646) was an English Parliamentarian and soldier during the first half of the seventeenth century.	Robert Devereux, 3rd Earl of Essex	14 September 1646
date of death	Hans Jacob Scheel (born 23 August 1714 in Copenhagen, died 21 January 1774 in Fredrikstad) was a Dano-Norwegian Major-General, Chamberlain at the Royal Court, Commandant of Fredrikstad Fortress from 1766 to 1774 and owner of Frogner Manor.	Hans Jacob Scheel	21 January 1774
date of death	Eusebio Peñalver Mazorra (1936--2006) was an Afro-Cuban anti-Castro political prisoner who was captured in 1960 during the Cuban governments War Against the Bandits and spent 28 years in prison before being released in 1988.	Eusebio Peñalver Mazorra	2006
date of death	Leo Brewer (13 June 1919--22 February 2005) was an American physical chemist, considered to be the founder of modern high-temperature chemistry.	Leo Brewer	22 February 2005
date of death	Antonio Carini (1872--1950) was an Italian physician, bacteriologist and professor.	Antonio Carini	1950
date of death	Rodrigo Gutiérrez Girón (died 1193) was a magnate and ricohombre from Palencia who played a key role in the Medieval history of the Iberian Peninsula.	Rodrigo Gutiérrez Girón	1193
date of death	Giovanni Battista Primi (died 1657) was an Italian marine landscape and portrait painter.	Giovanni Battista Primi	1657
date of death	François Vranck (alternative spellings Vrancke, Vrancken, Franchois Francken), (Zevenbergen, 1555? -- The Hague, 11 October 1617) was a Dutch lawyer and statesman who played an important role in the founding of the Dutch Republic.	François Vranck	11 October 1617
date of death	Richard Golding or Goldynge (died 1520) was an Irish judge who was twice Chief Baron of the Irish Exchequer.	Richard Golding	1520
date of death	Robin Levett (14 October 1925 -- 14 August 2008) was an Australian travel writer, novelist, philanthropist, pilot, and breeder of racehorses anointed the ``First Lady of Australian Racing'' in the mid-1990s.	Robin Levett	14 August 2008
date of death	Sulekha Sanyal (15 June 1928 -- c. 1962) was a Bengali woman writer and activist.	Sulekha Sanyal	1962
date of death	Silvester Jenks (c. 1656 -- December 1714) was an English Catholic priest and theologian.	Silvester Jenks	1714
date of death	George Washington Hosmer (born in Canton, Massachusetts, in 1804; died there, 5 July 1881) was a United States educator.	George Washington Hosmer	5 July 1881
date of death	Gheorghe Cosma (born 1892, died 1969) was a Romanian Major-General during World War II. He began his career in 1940 as Chief of Staff Higher Technical Department.	Gheorghe Cosma	1969
date of death	David Cecil, 3rd Earl of Exeter (c. 1600--1643) was an English peer and member of the House of Lords.	David Cecil, 3rd Earl of Exeter	1643
date of death	Rev Patrick Bell (12 May 1799 -- 22 April 1869) was a Church of Scotland minister and inventor.	Patrick Bell	22 April 1869
date of death	V. Subbiah (7 February 1911 -- 1993) was an Indian communist politician from Pondicherry (now Puducherry).	V. Subbiah	1993
date of death	Willibald Hahn (31 January 1910 -- 31 May 1999) was an Austrian footballer and football manager.	Willibald Hahn	31 May 1999
date of death	Bernard Grebanier (March 8, 1903 -- March 1977) was an American drama historian, critic, writer and poet, most notable for his studies of the works of William Shakespeare.	Bernard Grebanier	1977
date of death	Henry Butler Clarke (9 November 1863 -- 10 September 1904) was a lecturer on Spanish at the University of Oxford's Taylor Institution from 1890 to 1894, and an author of books about Spanish literature and history.	Henry Butler Clarke	10 September 1904
date of death	Vilayattasseri Mullambalath Balachandran (25 November 1924 -- 9 January 2010), known as Vimcy, was a sports writer from Kerala.	Vimcy	9 January 2010
date of death	Kleo Pleyer (1898--1942) was a Nazi politician and academic (historian and sociologist, professor at the Königsberg Albertina University and Eberhard Karls University of Tübingen).	Kleo Pleyer	1942
date of death	James Ley, 1st Earl of Marlborough (ca. 1552--1629) was an English judge and politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1597 and 1622.	James Ley, 1st Earl of Marlborough	1629
date of death	Pieter Hendrik van Zuylen van Nijevelt (1 July 1782 in Kampen -- 25 January 1825 in Utrecht) was a Dutch count and baron who served as a general in the French and Dutch armies during the Napoleonic era and later.	Pieter Hendrik van Zuylen van Nijevelt	25 January 1825
date of death	Christian Leden (born Christian Refsaas; 17 July 1882 -- 19 November 1957) was a Norwegian ethno-musicologist and composer.	Christian Leden	19 November 1957
date of death	Lorena Rojas (born Seydi Lorena Rojas Gonzalez; 10 February 1971 -- 16 February 2015) was a Mexican actress and singer, best known for her leading roles in popular telenovelas.	Lorena Rojas	16 February 2015
date of death	Count Peter Kirillovich Essen (11 August 1772 -- 23 September 1844) was a Russian General of the Infantry in 1819 and a count (1833) of Baltic German origin.	Peter Kirillovich Essen	23 September 1844
date of death	William Raimond Baird (1848--1917) was the namesake of Baird's Manual of American College Fraternities and publisher of its early editions.	William Raimond Baird	1917
date of death	Chase Price (1731 - 28 June 1777) was an 18th-century British lawyer and politician.	Chase Price	28 June 1777
date of death	Robert Alistair McAlpine, Baron McAlpine of West Green (14 May 1942 -- 17 January 2014), often known as Alistair McAlpine, was a British businessman, politician and author who was an advisor to Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher.	Alistair McAlpine, Baron McAlpine of West Green	17 January 2014
date of death	Sir Joseph Hickson (23 January 1830 -- 4 January 1897) was a Canadian railway executive.	Joseph Hickson	4 January 1897
date of death	Aed mac Ruaidrí Ua Conchobair, killed 1159, was Crown Prince of Connacht, Aed was one of at least two sons of King Ruaidrí Ua Conchobair by different women.	Aed mac Ruaidrí Ua Conchobair	1159
date of death	Frank Seymour (14 May 1904 -- 7 May 1987) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton and Fitzroy in the VFL and Northcote in the VFA.	Frank Seymour	7 May 1987
date of death	Samuel Meeker (1763--1831) was a prominent merchant businessman who played a substantial role in the development of banking, shipping, and insurance systems in the early post-revolutionary days of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.	Samuel Meeker	1831
date of death	Liang Desheng (Chinese: 梁德绳; Pinyin: Liáng Déshéng; 1771--1847) was a Chinese poet and writer active during the Qing Dynasty.	Liang Desheng	1847
date of death	William Bradbery (11 July 1776 -- 11 August 1860), an entrepreneur, was the first person in England to cultivate and sell watercress on a commercial basis.	William Bradbery	11 August 1860
date of death	Michiel ten Hove (24 February 1640, The Hague -- 24 March 1689, The Hague) was ad interim Grand Pensionary of Holland in 1688 and 1689.	Michiel ten Hove	24 March 1689
date of death	David Ogilvy, 9th Earl of Airlie (16 December 1785 -- 20 August 1849) was a British peer.	David Ogilvy, 9th Earl of Airlie	20 August 1849
date of death	Wander Johannes de Haas (2 March 1878 -- 26 April 1960) was a Dutch physicist and mathematician.	Wander Johannes de Haas	26 April 1960
date of death	Jan van Brakel (ca. 1638 -- 10 July 1690) was a Dutch Rear Admiral who distinguished himself on many occasions during the Second and Third Anglo-Dutch wars and the Nine Years War.	Jan van Brakel	10 July 1690
date of death	John Wellborn Root, Jr. (1887--1963) was a significant United States architect based in Chicago.	John Wellborn Root, Jr.	1963
date of death	Giuseppe Antonio Torricelli (1662--1719) was an Italian sculptor and gem-engraver of the late Baroque active in Florence, often using colorful and semi-precious pietra dura, a type of workmanship that became a specialty of Florence.	Giuseppe Antonio Torricelli	1719
date of death	Natteri Veeraraghavan (1913-2004) was an Indian physician, microbiologist and medical researcher, known for his contributions to the understanding of diseases like Rabies, Tuberculosis and Leprosy.	Natteri Veeraraghavan	2004
date of death	Heinrich Körting (15 March 1859 -- 19 July 1890) was a German philologist, a brother of Gustav Körting.	Heinrich Körting	19 July 1890
date of death	François-André Vincent (30 December 1746 -- 4 August 1816) was a French neoclassical painter.	François-André Vincent	4 August 1816
date of death	Ailbhe of Ceann Mhara (died 814) was an Irish cleric.	Ailbhe of Ceann Mhara	814
date of death	Gloria Ferrandiz (died 1970) was an Argentine actress of the classic Argentine cinema era.	Gloria Ferrandiz	1970
date of death	Edward Sacheverell Chandos-Pole (1 March 1792 -- 19 January 1863) was a Guards officer and High Sheriff of Derbyshire in 1827.	Edward Sacheverell Chandos-Pole	19 January 1863
date of death	Countess Mary von Waldersee (3 October 1837 -- 4 July 1914), born Mary Esther Lee, was an American-born philanthropist in Germany.	Mary von Waldersee	4 July 1914
date of death	Julian Brind MW (5 November 1942 -- 19 December 2010) was a British Master of Wine and director of buying wines, beers, spirits and soft drinks for the Waitrose supermarket chain.	Julian Brind	19 December 2010
date of death	Colonel Josiah Snelling (1782--20 August 1828) was the first commander of Fort Snelling, a fort located at the confluence of the Mississippi and Minnesota rivers in Minnesota.	Josiah Snelling	1828
date of death	Nicholas Clagett the Younger, D.D. (1654--1727), was an English controversialist.	Nicholas Clagett the Younger	1727
date of death	Joseph Goodall (1760--1840) was an English cleric and Provost of Eton.	Joseph Goodall	1840
date of death	Robert Feys (19 December 1889 -- 13 April 1961) was a Belgian logician and philosopher, who worked at the University of Leuven (Belgium).	Robert Feys	1961
date of death	Hidaya Sultan al-Salem, (1936 -- 20 March 2001), sometimes transliterated as Hedaya, was a Kuwaiti journalist and author, who owned and edited the one of Kuwait's earliest political magazines al-Majalis in Kuwait City, Kuwait.	Hidaya Sultan al-Salem	20 March 2001
date of death	Dorothy Clutterbuck (19 January 1880 -- 12 January 1951), was a wealthy Englishwoman who was named by Gerald Gardner as a leading member of the New Forest coven, a group of pagan Witches into which Gardner claimed to have been initiated in 1939.	Dorothy Clutterbuck	12 January 1951
date of death	Nikolay Nikolayevich Sokolov (Russian: Никола́й Никола́евич Соколов) (28 August 1930 -- 2009) was a Soviet athlete who competed mainly in the 3000 metre steeplechase.	Nikolay Nikolayevich Sokolov	2009
date of death	Raffaele Piria (20 August 1814 -- 18 July 1865), an Italian chemist from Scilla, lived in Palmi, who converted the substance Salicin into a sugar and a second component, which on oxidation becomes salicylic acid, a major component of the analgesic drug Aspirin (acetylsalicylic acid).	Raffaele Piria	18 July 1865
date of death	Milan Levar (c. 1954 -- 28 August 2000) was a Croatian whistleblower, a former officer in the Croatian army.	Milan Levar	28 August 2000
date of death	John Seton, Lord Barns (died 1594) was a Scottish diplomat, courtier and judge.	John Seton, Lord Barns	1594
date of death	William McMillan (born Carrickfergus, County Antrim, Ireland; died Carrickfergus, 1991), commonly referred to as Billy McMillan, was an Irish footballer who played for Belfast Celtic and Ballymena United.	Billy McMillan	1991
date of death	Panayotis Potagos (1839-1903) was a Greek physician and explorer from Arcadian Vytina.	Panayotis Potagos	1903
date of death	Yu Xingwu (Chinese: 于省吾; 1896--1984) was a Chinese philologist and exegesis interpreter.	Yu Xingwu	1984
date of death	Jacob de Wet II (1641, Haarlem -- 1697, Haarlem), also spelled de Witt, was a Dutch Golden Age painter.	Jacob de Wet II	1697
date of death	Giovanni Casini (1689--1748) was known as il Varlunga (based on his native town in Tuscany).	Giovanni Casini	1748
date of death	Nadia Boudesoque de Haro Oliva (11 April 1917 -- 17 January 2014), born Albertina Charlotte Boudesoque Noblecourt, was a French-born Mexican fencer and actress.	Nadia Boudesoque	17 January 2014
date of death	John Patrick Brasier-Creagh, best known as Patrick Creagh (23 October 1930 - 19 September 2012) was a British poet and translator.	Patrick Creagh	19 September 2012
date of death	Jakob Marzel Sternberger (1750--1822) was the first mayor of the town of Kadaň after the municipal reform of Joseph II. He was a mayor from 1788 till 1822.	Jakob Marzel Sternberger	1822
date of death	Tömöriin Artag (Mongolian: Төмөрийн Артаг; born April 10, 1943, died 1993) was a Mongolian wrestler.	Tömöriin Artag	1993
date of death	Edwin Duhon (11 June 1910 in Broussard, Louisiana -- 26 February 2006 in Westlake, Louisiana) was an American musician and co-founder of the Hackberry Ramblers, a band playing a combination of Cajun music, Western swing, and country music.	Edwin Duhon	26 February 2006
date of death	Buffalo Bird Woman (ca. 1839-1932) was a traditional Mandan Hidatsa woman who lived on the Fort Berthold Reservation in North Dakota.	Buffalo Bird Woman	1932
date of death	Christos Daralexis (Greek: Χρήστος Δαραλέξης, 1870 - 1951) was a Greek historian, a politician and a theatrical writer.	Christos Daralexis	1951
date of death	Ma Anand Yashu (9 October 1956 -- 3 December 2007) was an Indian-Spanish flautist.	Ma Anand Yashu	3 December 2007
date of death	William C. Conway (May 15, 1865 -- 1969) was the leader of a mystical sect in the Latter Day Saint movement that combined the teachings of Joseph Smith with Druidry and some of the ideas of Aleister Crowley and the Ordo Templi Orientis.	William C. Conway	1969
date of death	(Pierre Joseph) Auguste Bravard (18 June 1803 -- 28 March 1861) was a French mining engineer turned palaeontologist.	Auguste Bravard	28 March 1861
date of death	Georgina King Lewis (1847 to 1924) was described as a ``Friend of the Oppressed''.	Georgina King Lewis	1924
date of death	Sir John Boyd, 1st Baronet Boyd (29 December 1718, St Kitts, Leeward Islands - 24 January 1800, Danson Hill) was a sugar merchant and vice-chairman of the British East India Company.	Sir John Boyd, 1st Baronet	24 January 1800
date of death	Frank J. Reilly A.N.A. (1906--1967) was an American painter, illustrator, muralist, and teacher.	Frank J. Reilly	1967
date of death	Richard Corbould (1757 in London -- 1831 in London) was an English artist, sometimes misspelt ``Corbold'' .	Richard Corbould	1831
date of death	Hans Leo Przibram (ˈpʃɪbram) (7 July 1874 -- 20 May 1944) was an Austrian biologist who founded the biological laboratory in Vienna.	Hans Leo Przibram	20 May 1944
date of death	Jana Milčinski (born Jana Podkrajšek) (5 December 1920 -- 13 April 2007) was a Slovene writer, journalist and translator.	Jana Milčinski	13 April 2007
date of death	Sir Clifford Charles Butler FRS (20 May 1922 -- 30 June 1999) was an English physicist, best known for the discovery of the hyperon and meson types of particles.	Clifford Charles Butler	30 June 1999
date of death	Sir Geoffrey Pole of Lordington, Sussex (c. 1501 or 1502 - November 1558) was an English knight who supported the Catholic Church in England and Wales when Henry VIII of England was establishing the alternative Church of England with himself as leader.	Geoffrey Pole	1558
date of death	David John Little QC (d. 16 April 1984) was an Ulster Unionist Party politician in the Parliament of Northern Ireland, a barrister and county court judge.	David John Little	16 April 1984
date of death	E. M. Almedingen (born Marta Aleksandrovna Almedingen, also known as Martha Edith Almedingen or von Almedingen) (1898--1971) was a British novelist, biographer and children's author of Russian origin.	E. M. Almedingen	1971
date of death	Andries Both (1612/1613 - 23 March 1642), was a Dutch Golden Age genre painter, one of the bamboccianti, and brother of Jan Dirksz Both.	Andries Both	23 March 1642
date of death	Stuart Alexander Donaldson (born 4 December 1854 in Sydney, Australia, died 29 October 1915) was a schoolmaster, clergyman and Master of Magdalene College, Cambridge.	Stuart Alexander Donaldson	29 October 1915
date of death	Edzard Cirksena (born: Edzard Edzardisna; died: 1441) was an East Frisian chieftain at Greetsiel, Norden, Emden and Brokmerland.	Edzard Cirksena	1441
date of death	Tulga or Tulca (Gothic: Tulga; living 642) was Visigothic King of Hispania, Septimania and Galicia from 640 to 642, if his father died in December 640, as some sources state.	Tulga	642
date of death	Pat Fillingham FRAes (27 February 1914 -- 17 July 2003) was an English test pilot for the de Havilland company.	Pat Fillingham	17 July 2003
date of death	Edward Lutwyche Parker (1785--1850), was a United States Presbyterian clergyman.	Edward Lutwyche Parker	1850
date of death	Gilbert Bozon (19 March 1935 -- 21 July 2007) was a French swimmer and Olympic medalist.	Gilbert Bozon	21 July 2007
date of death	Colonel John Drinkwater Bethune (9 June 1762 -- 16 January 1844), born John Drinkwater, was an English army officer and military historian, and was well known for his journal, which he kept during the Great Siege of Gibraltar.	John Drinkwater Bethune	16 January 1844
date of death	Agustín Nieto Caballero was a Colombian pedagogue(1889-1975); who, in 1914, founded Gimnasio Moderno, a prestigious private school, located in Bogotá.	Agustín Nieto Caballero	1975
date of death	Norah Lofts, née Norah Ethel Robinson, (27 August 1904 -- 10 September 1983) was a 20th-century best-selling British author.	Norah Lofts	10 September 1983
date of death	Judah Cassuto (1808, Amsterdam--March 10, 1893, Hamburg) was hazzan (cantor) of the Portuguese-Jewish community of Hamburg.	Judah Cassuto	1893
date of death	Sir Henry Bedingfeld (1509--1583), of Oxburgh Hall, King's Lynn, Norfolk, was the eldest son of Edmund Bedingfeld (1479/80-1553) and his wife, Grace (d. in or after 1553), the daughter of Henry, first Baron Marney.	Henry Bedingfeld	1583
date of death	Ivor Kirchin (21 January 1905 -- 22 January 1997) was a British band leader, and the father of noted composer Basil Kirchin (1927--2005).	Ivor Kirchin	22 January 1997
date of death	Mendel Portugali (1888 -- 13 January 1917) was one of the leading figures in the Second Aliyah and a founder of the Hashomer movement.	Mendel Portugali	13 January 1917
date of death	Rudolf Stahlecker (25 November 1898 in Sternenfels near Pforzheim -- 26 October 1977 in Urach) was a German geologist and biology teacher.	Rudolf Stahlecker	26 October 1977
date of death	D. Rajendra Babu (Kannada: ರಾಜೇಂದ್ರ ಬಾಬು) (30 March 1951 -- 3 November 2013) was a Kannada film maker and screenplay writer.	D. Rajendra Babu	3 November 2013
date of death	Giuseppe Serembe (Arbërisht: Zef Serembe; 6 March 1844 -- 1901) was an Arbëresh lyric poet.	Giuseppe Serembe	1901
date of death	In 1676 Gualterus Gysaerts collaborated with his uncle David Teniers the Younger on a series of 19 garland paintings depicting the martyrs of Gorkum.	Gualterus Gysaerts	1676
date of death	George Molyneux (July qtr. 1875 -- 14 April 1942) was a professional footballer who played for Everton, Southampton and Southend United, and later became Southend's manager.	George Molyneux	14 April 1942
date of death	Al-Tufayl ibn Amr al-Dawsi (died 633) was the chief of the Banu Daws tribe from Tihama in pre-Quranic times.	Tufayl ibn Amr	633
date of death	Jim Coucher (22 December 1874 -- 13 June 1935) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Jim Coucher	13 June 1935
date of death	Zoe Golescu (1792--1879) was a Romanian revolutionary who participated in the Wallachian Revolution of 1848.	Zoe Golescu	1879
date of death	Bill Ladbury (14 October 1891 -- June 1917) was an English boxer who was British, European, and World flyweight champion.	Bill Ladbury	June 1917
date of death	Richard Edgcumbe, 2nd Earl of Mount Edgcumbe PC (13 September 1764 -- 26 September 1839), styled Viscount Valletort between 1789 and 1795, was a British politician and writer on music.	Richard Edgcumbe, 2nd Earl of Mount Edgcumbe	26 September 1839
date of death	Leon Danielian (31 October 1920 -- 8 March 1997) was an American ballet dancer, teacher, choreographer, and educator.	Leon Danielian	8 March 1997
date of death	Mary Saunderson (1637--1712), later known as Mary Saunderson Betterton after her marriage to Thomas Betterton, was an actress and singer in England during the 1660s and 1690s.	Mary Saunderson	1712
date of death	Sir Errol Manners K.B.E (1883--1953) was a distinguished Royal Navy admiral and author on theology and British Israelism.	Errol Manners	1953
date of death	James Pound (1669--1724) was an English clergyman and astronomer.	James Pound	1724
date of death	Eugen Sänger (22 September 1905 -- 10 February 1964) was an Austrian aerospace engineer best known for his contributions to lifting body and ramjet technology.	Eugen Sänger	10 February 1964
date of death	Adam Hope (8 January 1813 -- 7 August 1882) was a Canadian businessman and senator.	Adam Hope	7 August 1882
date of death	Stanisław Puchalski, of Puchała coat of arms (5 January 1867 in Wapowce - 16 January 1931 in Warsaw) was an Austro-Hungarian and Polish general.	Stanisław Puchalski	16 January 1931
date of death	I Gusti Ketut Pudja (19 May 1908 -- 4 May 1977) was an Indonesian Politician, and also first governor of Lesser Sunda.	I Gusti Ketut Pudja	1977
date of death	Hallfreðr Óttarsson or Hallfreðr vandræðaskáld (Troublesome Poet) (ca. 965 -- ca. 1007) was an Icelandic skald.	Hallfreðr vandræðaskáld	1007
date of death	Ian Ridley (15 February 1934 -- 13 November 2008) was an Australian rules footballer who played for Melbourne in the VFL.	Ian Ridley	13 November 2008
date of death	Herman van Swanevelt (1603 -- 1655) was a Dutch painter and etcher from the Baroque era.	Herman van Swanevelt	1655
date of death	Bonnie Bronson (1940--1990) was an American painter and sculptor and one of Portland, Oregon's most prominent artists during the 1970s--1980s.	Bonnie Bronson	1990
date of death	William Victor Higgins (June 28, 1884 -- August 23, 1949) was an American painter and teacher, born at Shelbyville, Indiana.	William Victor Higgins	1949
date of death	Tom Pazik (1940-1993) began his dance training in Detroit, Michigan where he studied under Sandra Severo.	Tom Pazik	1993
date of death	George Farwell (3 October 1911 -- 6 August 1976) was an Australian novelist, freelance journalist, broadcaster and travel writer.	George Farwell	6 August 1976
date of death	Edwin Rowlands (15 March 1867 -- 6 August 1939) was a Welsh Christian missionary in northeast India and Burma.	Edwin Rowlands	6 August 1939
date of death	Job Male (August 24, 1808 -- 1891) was the first Mayor of Plainfield, New Jersey, serving from 1869--1870 and 1877--1878 and finally 1887--1890.	Job Male	1891
date of death	James Michael Ullman (1925--1997) was an American novelist and newspaper writer/editor known for his work in and about the Chicago area.	James Michael Ullman	1997
date of death	Jacob Gaukel Stroh (September 25, 1848 - 1935) was a local Historian of Waterloo County, Ontario.	Jacob Gaukel Stroh	1935
date of death	Corporal Roland Griffiths-Marsh MM, (22 April 1923 - 29 December 2012) was an Australian soldier and author.	Roland Griffiths-Marsh	29 December 2012
date of death	Paul Follot (17 July 1877 -- 1941) was a French designer of luxury furniture and decorative art objects before World War I (1914--18).	Paul Follot	1941
date of death	Dougal Graham, born in the Raploch, Stirlingshire, Scotland, around 1724 and died in 1779, became the skellat bellman of Glasgow at some time around 1770.	Dougal Graham	1779
date of death	Erich Förste (11 February 1892 -- 10 July 1963) was a German naval officer who served in the Kaiserliche Marine, the Reichsmarine and the Kriegsmarine, eventually reaching the rank of Admiral during World War II.	Erich Förste	10 July 1963
date of death	Sydney Henry Armitstead (13 June 1837 - 29 January 1912) was an English cricketer, an alumnus of Charterhouse School whose cricketing career including two first class matches: for the Gentlemen of the North in 1862 and the Marylebone Cricket Club in 1864.	Henry Armitstead	29 January 1912
date of death	Finn Strømsted (9 June 1925 -- 4 July 2003) was a Norwegian poet and graphical artist.	Finn Strømsted	4 July 2003
date of death	Frederick of Cieszyn (Polish: Fryderyk cieszyński; b. 1480/83 - d. June 1507), was a Polish prince member of the House of Piast in the Cieszyn branch.	Frederick of Cieszyn	1507
date of death	Thomas Yalden (2 January 1670 -- 16 July 1736) was an English poet and translator.	Thomas Yalden	16 July 1736
date of death	Hamish Imlach (10 February 1940, Calcutta, British India - 1 January 1996, Motherwell, Scotland) was a Scottish folk singer.	Hamish Imlach	1 January 1996
date of death	Lambert Sustris (c. 1515-1520 -- c. 1584) was a Dutch painter active mainly in Venice during the Mannerist style.	Lambert Sustris	1584
date of death	Prince Michael Imeretinsky AFC (Georgian: მიხეილ იმერეტინსკი, Mikheil Imeretinski; Russian: Михаил Георгиевич Имеретинский, Mikhail Georgyevich Imeretinsky) (27 January 1900 -- 14 April 1975) was a British military officer of Georgian royal descent.	Michael Imeretinsky	14 April 1975
date of death	Christian Jane Fergusson (14 September 1876 - 5 January 1957), was a Scottish painter, who was associated with the Glasgow School and known for her landscape and still life works .	Christian Jane Fergusson	5 January 1957
date of death	Tuoba Yihuai (Chinese: 拓跋翳槐; pinyin: Tuòbá Yīhuái; died 338) ruled as prince of the Tuoba Dai 329--335 and 337--338.	Tuoba Yihuai	338
date of death	Charlie Hay (4 November 1881 -- 23 August 1945) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton and Essendon in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Charlie Hay	23 August 1945
date of death	Dagfinn Dahl (28 January 1887 -- 1967) was a Norwegian barrister who specialized in insurance law.	Dagfinn Dahl	1967
date of death	Paolo Casati (in Latin, Paulus Casatus) (1617 -- 22 December 1707) was an Italian Jesuit mathematician.	Paolo Casati	22 December 1707
date of death	Irwin Freundlich (1908--1977) was a prominent teacher at Juilliard starting in 1935.	Irwin Freundlich	1977
date of death	Franz Kaufmann (5 January 1886 -- 17 February 1944) was a German jurist and victim of the Holocaust.	Franz Kaufmann	17 February 1944
date of death	Charles Wrey Gardiner (1901 -- 13 March 1981) was an English writer and poet, editor and publisher, born in Plymouth.	Wrey Gardiner	1981
date of death	Beilby Thompson (17 April 1742 -- 10 June 1799) was a British landowner and politician, the son of Beilby Thompson (died 1750) and Sarah Dawes (d. 1773).	Beilby Thompson	10 June 1799
date of death	Richard Fortescue (c. 1517--1570) of Filleigh, North Devon was an English Member of Parliament and prominent land-owner and member of the Devonshire gentry, ancestor to the Earls Fortescue.	Richard Fortescue	1570
date of death	Arne Paasche Aasen (18 June 1901 -- 1 November 1978) was a Norwegian politician, journalist and poet, who worked for the labour movement.	Arne Paasche Aasen	1 November 1978
date of death	James Mackin (December 25, 1822, Newburgh, Orange County, New York -- March 1887) was an American merchant, banker and politician.	James Mackin	1887
date of death	Francis Engleheart (1775--1849), was an English engraver.	Francis Engleheart	1849
date of death	Sir William Burnett, KCB, FRS (16 January 1779 -- 16 February 1861) was a British physician who served as Physician-General of the Royal Navy.	William Burnett	16 February 1861
date of death	Chunibala Devi, born circ. 1875 -- 1955 in Kolkata, was an Indian character actress best known for her performance in Satyajit Ray's Pather Panchali, where she played the old aunt, Indira Thakrun, to Apu and Durga.	Chunibala Devi	1955
date of death	Cecil Guy Ridley CBE (21 June 1885 - 15 November 1947) was an English barrister and Master in Lunacy.	Guy Ridley	15 November 1947
date of death	George Hersee (29 December 1924 -- 11 April 2001) was a BBC engineer, who is most famous for his development of Test Card F. This design came about after Hersee was asked to intervene by the committee charged with the creation of technical standards for the new colour TV services.	George Hersee	11 April 2001
date of death	Adil Mansuri (18 May 1936 -- 6 November 2008) was a well-known poet, playwright, and calligrapher.	Adil Mansuri	6 November 2008
date of death	Edward Garbett (1817--1887), was a religious figure and writer of the 19th century.	Edward Garbett	1887
date of death	Dermot FitzGerald (20 March 1935 -- 5 February 2006) was a leading Irish businessman and philanthropist.	Dermot FitzGerald	5 February 2006
date of death	Pape Alioune Diop (died 26 September 2012) was a Senegalese football coach who managed the Senegalese national team at the 1986 African Cup of Nations.	Pape Alioune Diop	26 September 2012
date of death	Li Jiang (李絳) (764 -- March 8, 830), courtesy name Shenzhi (深之), formally Duke Zhen of Zhao Commandery (趙郡貞公), was an official of the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty, serving as a chancellor during the reign of Emperor Xianzong.	Li Jiang	830
date of death	Endesha Ida Mae Holland (1944-2006) was a scholar, playwright, and civil rights activist.	Endesha Ida Mae Holland	2006
date of death	George Douglas Verity (4 June 1933 -- 24 August 2012) was an English cricketer, mountain climber, hotelier, and professional golfer.	George Douglas Verity	24 August 2012
date of death	Buford John Schramm (14 October 1938 -- 28 April 2004), better-known as B.J. Schramm, was a businessman and developer of light personal helicopters.	Buford John Schramm	28 April 2004
date of death	James Blythe Rogers (born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, 11 February 1802; died there, 15 June 1852) was a United States chemist.	James Blythe Rogers	15 June 1852
date of death	Paweł Cyms (1894 - 1949) was a soldier of the Imperial German Army and captain of infantry in the Second Polish Republic.	Paweł Cyms	1949
date of death	Henry Hylton, de jure 12th Baron Hylton (1586 -- 30 March 1641) was an English nobleman, considered eccentric and sometimes given the name the Mad Baron.	Henry Hylton, de jure 12th Baron Hylton	30 March 1641
date of death	Prince Heinrich of Bavaria (24 June 1884 -- 8 November 1916) was a member of the Bavarian Royal House of Wittelsbach and a highly decorated Army officer in the First World War.	Prince Heinrich of Bavaria	8 November 1916
date of death	Rao Sahib S. Vaiyapuri Pillai (1891--1956) was a renowned scholar and Professor of Tamil.	S. Vaiyapuri Pillai	1956
date of death	Bernhard Moritz Snethlage (28 May 1753, Tecklenburg -- 19 November 1840, Berlin) was a German educator.	Bernhard Moritz Snethlage	19 November 1840
date of death	Raymond Sheppard (1913--1958) was a British artist and illustrator of books for children and adults.	Raymond Sheppard	1958
date of death	Aegidius Gelenius (10 June 1595 -- 24 August 1656) was one of the most respected Cologne historians of his time.	Aegidius Gelenius	24 August 1656
date of death	John Penny (died 1520) was an English priest, successively Bishop of Bangor, 1504--1508, and Bishop of Carlisle, 1508--1520.	John Penny	1520
date of death	Ranjan Roy Daniel (also referred as R. R. Daniel or Rajan Roy) (11 August 1923 -- 27 March 2005) was an Indian Nagercoil born physicist who worked in the fields of cosmic rays and space physics, and remained Director Chairman of Tata Institute of Fundamental Research.	Ranjan Roy Daniel	27 March 2005
date of death	Lucien Durosoir (1878 - 5 December 1955) was a French composer and violinist whose works were rediscovered thanks to manuscripts found by his son Luc.	Lucien Durosoir	5 December 1955
date of death	Tadeusz Kurcyusz (pseudonyms: Fiszer, gen. Mars, Morski, Żegota) (15 October 1881 - 22 or 23 April 1944) was a colonel of the Polish Army.	Tadeusz Kurcyusz	23 April 1944
date of death	Edward Hall or Halle (1497--1547), was an English lawyer, Member of Parliament, and historian, best known for his The Union of the Two Noble and Illustre Families of Lancastre and Yorke, commonly known as Hall's Chronicle.	Edward Hall	1547
date of death	Joseph Stanley Crowther, known as Stan Crowther, (30 May 1925 -- 10 March 2013) was British Labour Member of Parliament for Rotherham from the 1976 by-election until his retirement in 1992.	Stanley Crowther	10 March 2013
date of death	Märta Torén (21 May 1925 -- 19 February 1957) was a Swedish stage and film actress of the 1940s and 1950s.	Märta Torén	19 February 1957
date of death	Claës-Axel Wersäll (26 June 1888 -- 12 February 1951) was a Swedish gymnast.	Claës-Axel Wersäll	12 February 1951
date of death	Emil Friedrich Knoblauch (2 December 1864, Groß Karnitten in Kreis Mohrungen -- 10 February 1936) was a German botanist.	Emil Friedrich Knoblauch	10 February 1936
date of death	Shirley Ximena Hopper Russell (1886--1985), also known as Shirley Marie Russell, was an American artist best known for her paintings of Hawaii and her still lifes of Hawaiian flowers.	Shirley Ximena Hopper Russell	1985
date of death	Giovanni Vigliotto (c. 1930--1991) was a name of a multiple bigamist and fraudster who married 105 women in 14 countries between 1949 and 1981 and abandoned them.	Giovanni Vigliotto	1991
date of death	Jan Verveer (27 August 1775 -- 22 August 1838) was a major general in the Royal Netherlands Army.	Jan Verveer	22 August 1838
date of death	Amin Abd al-Hadi (Arabic: أمين عبد الهادي; l897--1967) was the former head of the Supreme Muslim Council.	Amin Abd al-Hadi	1967
date of death	Juliette May Fraser (1887 in Honolulu -- 1983 in Honolulu) was an American painter, muralist and printmaker.	Juliette May Fraser	1983
date of death	Panchanan Bhattacharya (Bengali: পঞ্চানন ভট্টাচার্য) (1853--1919) was a disciple of the Indian Yogi Lahiri Mahasaya.	Panchanan Bhattacharya	1919
date of death	Sirkka Sari (born Sirkka Linnea Jahnsson, 1 May 1920 -- 30 July 1939) was a Finnish actress.	Sirkka Sari	30 July 1939
date of death	Mallikarjuna Raya (or Deva Raya III) (1446--1465 CE) was an emperor of the Vijayanagara Empire from the Sangama Dynasty.	Mallikarjuna Raya	1465
date of death	John Somers, 1st Baron Somers, PC, PRS (4 March 1651 -- 26 April 1716) was an English Whig jurist and statesman.	John Somers, 1st Baron Somers	26 April 1716
date of death	Sándor Krasznai (also known as Sándor Krämer; 1932--2009) was a Hungarian athlete, engineer and constructor.	Sándor Krasznai	2009
date of death	Michael Sundin (1 March 1961 -- 23 July 1989) was an English television presenter, actor, dancer and trampolinist, who is best remembered for his short time as a Blue Peter presenter (1984--85).	Michael Sundin	23 July 1989
date of death	Raymond Jeener (1904-1995) was a Belgian molecular biologist and professor at the Universite Libre de Bruxelles (ULB).	Raymond Jeener	1995
date of death	The Reverend Doctor William Lambie Nelson (20 September 1808 -- 13 June 1887).	William Lambie Nelson	13 June 1887
date of death	Heinrich LXII, Prince Reuss Younger Line (German: Heinrich LXII Fürst Reuß jüngere Linie; 31 May 1785 -- 19 June 1854) was the first Prince Reuss Younger Line from 1848 to 1854.	Heinrich LXII, Prince Reuss Younger Line	19 June 1854
date of death	Randi Heide Steen (15 December 1909 -- 12 November 1990) was a Norwegian soprano singer.	Randi Heide Steen	12 November 1990
date of death	Győző Soós (11 November 1948 -- c. 26 August 2015) was a Hungarian politician, Member of Parliament between 1994 and 2006 (MSZP).	Győző Soós	26 August 2015
date of death	Joseph Elkington (baptised 1 January 1740 at Stretton-on-Dunsmore, died October 1806) was an English agriculturalist, lauded by parliament for his reforms to land drainage.	Joseph Elkington	October 1806
date of death	Efraim Taburi (Hebrew: אפרים תבורי‎, born Efraim Popik on 5 September 1900, died 7 April 1957) was a Zionist activist and politician.	Efraim Taburi	7 April 1957
date of death	Jacob Fahlström (1795--1859), aka Father Jacob, was the first Swede ever to settle in Canada.	Jacob Fahlström	1859
date of death	Carl Reuterskiöld (ca.1923 - March 20, 2006; known to his associates as Charlie) was the founding CEO of the Belgium-based Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication (SWIFT), a position which he held for a decade from SWIFT's founding in 1973 until 1983.	Carl Reuterskiöld	2006
date of death	Lenore Thomas Straus (1 November 1909 -- 16 January 1988) was an American sculptor and author.	Lenore Thomas Straus	16 January 1988
date of death	Major-General Clifford Thomason Beckett CB, CBE, MC (1891--1972) of the Royal Artillery, had a distinguished military career including being Acting General Officer Commanding Malta in 1942.	Clifford Thomason Beckett	1972
date of death	Keith Forbes (28 May 1906 -- 7 September 1996) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for the Essendon Bombers.	Keith Forbes	7 September 1996
date of death	Mukarram Khan Atif (Birth: unknown -- Death: 17 January 2012) was a Pakistani journalist and reporter working for Dunya News and Deewa Radio.	Mukarram Khan Atif	17 January 2012
date of death	Harman Blennerhassett (8 October 1765 -- 2 February 1831) was an Anglo-Irish lawyer and politician.	Harman Blennerhassett	2 February 1831
date of death	Darshan Singh Pheruman (1 August 1885 -- 27 October 1969) was an Indian freedom fighter, Sikh activist and politician.	Darshan Singh Pheruman	27 October 1969
date of death	Georges Cochon (1879-1959) was a tapestry maker, an anarchist and the secretary of the Federation of Tenants.	Georges Cochon	1959
date of death	Michael J. Coffey (c. 1840 County Cork, Ireland -- March 22, 1907 Brooklyn, New York City) was an American politician from New York.	Michael J. Coffey	1907
date of death	Behram Contractor (1930 -- 9 April 2001), also known as Busybee, was a figure in Indian journalism.	Behram Contractor	9 April 2001
date of death	Cotton Tufts (born in Medford, Massachusetts, 30 May 1734; died in Weymouth, Massachusetts, 8 December 1815) was a Massachusetts physician.	Cotton Tufts	8 December 1815
date of death	Sir John Fowell, 2nd Baronet (14 August 1623 -- 8 January 1677) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons between 1659 and 1677.	Sir John Fowell, 2nd Baronet	8 January 1677
date of death	József Vészi, Hungarian writer, journalist, poet, translator, editor and deputy; born at Arad 6 November 1858, died 1940.	József Vészi	1940
date of death	Jonathan Silver (1949--1997) was an entrepreneur from Bradford who was responsible for restoring Salts Mill as a thriving cultural, retail and commercial centre.	Jonathan Silver	1997
date of death	John Wesley Work, Jr. (August 6, 1871 or 1873 - September 7, 1925) was the first African-American collector of folk songs and spirituals, and also a choral director, educationalist and songwriter.	John Wesley Work, Jr.	1925
date of death	Gustav Mann (1836--1916) was a German botanist who led expeditions in West Africa and was also a gardener at the Royal Botanic Gardens, Kew.	Gustav Mann	1916
date of death	Edmund Oldhall (after 1390 -- 1459 ) was an English-born cleric and judge in fifteenth- century Ireland; he was Bishop of Meath and acting Lord Chancellor of Ireland.	Edmund Oldhall	1459
date of death	Riaz-ur-Rehman Bhatti (1940, in India -- 10 July 1966) was a cricketer.	Riaz-ur-Rehman	10 July 1966
date of death	Lawrence Tenney Stevens (1896-1972) was an American sculptor who was one of the progenitors of the ``Cowboy High Style'' movement in western American art and furniture.	Lawrence Tenney Stevens	1972
date of death	Ferdinando Stanhope (died 1643) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1640 to 1643.	Ferdinando Stanhope	1643
date of death	Fazl-e-Haq Khairabadi (1797-- 20 August 1861) was one of the main figures of the Indian Rebellion of 1857.	Fazl-e-Haq Khairabadi	1861
date of death	George L. Graziadio, Jr. (1919-2002) was an American commercial real estate developer, banker and philanthropist.	George L. Graziadio, Jr.	2002
date of death	James McBey (23 December 1883 -- 1 December 1959) was a largely self-taught artist and etcher whose prints were highly valued during the later stages of the etching revival in the early 20th century.	James McBey	1 December 1959
date of death	Petre Antonescu (1891--1957) was a Romanian Brigadier-General during World War II. In 1941, he became Head General-Secretary of the Department Ministry of Defense.	Petre Antonescu	1957
date of death	Stan Rule (17 January 1924 -- 12 August 2007) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Stan Rule	12 August 2007
date of death	Jan Regulski (1760 - 28 July 1807) was a Polish glyptic artist and medalist.	Jan Regulski	28 July 1807
date of death	Bille Brown AM (11 January 1952 -- 13 January 2013) born as William Gerald Brown was an Australian stage, film and television actor and acclaimed playwright.	Bille Brown	13 January 2013
date of death	Martinus Fabri (died May 1400) was a North Netherlandish composer of the late 14th century.	Martinus Fabri	May 1400
date of death	Thomas Palfreyman (died 1589?) was an English author and musician.	Thomas Palfreyman	1589
date of death	Antonio Vela Cobo (1629-1675) was a Spanish Baroque painter, sculptor and gilder.	Antonio Vela Cobo	1675
date of death	Robert of Knaresborough (St. Robert) (c. 1160 -- 24 September 1218) was a hermit who lived in a cave by the River Nidd, Knaresborough, North Yorkshire.	Robert of Knaresborough	1218
date of death	Paul Trousdale (1915--1990) was an American real estate developer.	Paul Trousdale	1990
date of death	Liutpert (or Liutbert) (died 702) was the Lombard king of Italy from 700 and to 702, with interruption.	Liutpert	702
date of death	José Wilker de Almeida (20 August 1944 -- 5 April 2014) was a Brazilian film, stage, and television actor and director.	José Wilker	5 April 2014
date of death	Jessie Payne Margoliouth née Smith (1856--1933) was a Syriac scholar.	Jessie Payne Margoliouth	1933
date of death	King Fuchai of Wu (simplified Chinese: 吴王夫差; traditional Chinese: 吳王夫差; pinyin: Wú Wáng Fūchāi) (reigned 495--473 BC) was the last king of Wu, a state in ancient China; he reigned towards the end of the Spring and Autumn Period.	King Fuchai of Wu	473
date of death	Antonio Barluzzi (26 September 1884 -- 14 December 1960) was an Italian Franciscan monk and architect.	Antonio Barluzzi	14 December 1960
date of death	John Wesley Hunt (1773--1849) was a prominent businessman and early civic leader in Lexington, Kentucky.	John Wesley Hunt	1849
date of death	John Houston Laird (September 18, 1874 -- 1959) was a railway conductor and political figure in Saskatchewan.	John Houston Laird	1959
date of death	Girish Chandra Ghosh (28 February 1844 -- 8 February 1912) was a Bengali musician, poet, playwright, novelist, theatre director and actor.	Girish Chandra Ghosh	1912
date of death	Harry Dacre was the pen-name of Frank Dean (1857--1922), an English songwriter.	Harry Dacre	1922
date of death	Sir Thomas Hatton, 2nd Baronet (died 1682) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1674 to 1679.	Sir Thomas Hatton, 2nd Baronet	1682
date of death	Sir Edward Seymour, 1st Baronet c. 1563 -- 10 April 1613) of Berry Pomeroy, Devon, was Member of Parliament for Devon, twice High Sheriff of Devon and an Army Colonel.	Sir Edward Seymour, 1st Baronet	10 April 1613
date of death	Frederick George Holweck (born Friedrich Georg Holweck; 1856--1927) was a German-American Roman Catholic priest and scholar, hagiographer and church historian.	Frederick George Holweck	1927
date of death	Ludwig Harscher von Almendingen (25 March 1766 -- 16 January 1827) was a learned German jurist.	Ludwig Harscher von Almendingen	16 January 1827
date of death	Veslemøy Haslund (8 April 1939 -- 7 November 2005) was a Norwegian actress and stage producer.	Veslemøy Haslund	7 November 2005
date of death	Abu Talib Yahya (951 - 1033) was an imam of the Zaydiyyah sect in 1020-1033.	Abu Talib Yahya	1033
date of death	Prokopios Lazaridis (Greek: Προκόπιος Λαζαρίδης, 1859-1923) was a Greek Orthodox metropolitan bishop, who served as a head in a number of bishoprics during the late Ottoman period.	Prokopios Lazaridis	1923
date of death	Samuel Charles Brittingham (1860-12 November 1944) was a British-born architect who worked extensively in Australia in the early twentieth century.	Samuel Charles Brittingham	12 November 1944
date of death	George Campbell Hay (1915--1984) was a Scottish poet and translator, who wrote in Scottish Gaelic, Lowland Scots and English.	George Campbell Hay	1984
date of death	Lolong (died 10 February 2013) was the largest crocodile in captivity.	Lolong	10 February 2013
date of death	Robert Tighe (or Teigh or Tjghe, sometimes misspelled Leigh), (born in Deeping, Lincolnshire, died 1620) was an English cleric and linguist.	Robert Tighe	1620
date of death	Charles Woodmason (c. 1720--March 1789) was an author, poet, Anglican clergyman, American loyalist, and West Gallery psalmodist.	Charles Woodmason	March 1789
date of death	Mareez, born Abbas Abdulali Vasi (Gujarati: અબ્બાસ અબ્દુલઅલી વાસી, 22 February 1917 -- 19 October 1983), was a Gujarati poet, mainly popular for his Ghazals.	Mareez	19 October 1983
date of death	Oscar Heidenstam (1911--1991) was a Cyprus-born British bodybuilding champion, who later became president of the World Amateur Body Building Association (WABBA), the National Amateur Bodybuilders Association (NABBA), and NABBA International.	Oscar Heidenstam	1991
date of death	Scato Swu (1924-7 April 2014) was an Indian social worker and politician from Nagaland.	Scato Swu	7 April 2014
date of death	Petro Kalnyshevsky (1691? -- 31 October 1803) was the last Koshovyi Otaman of the Zaporozhian Host, serving in 1762 and from 1765 to 1775.	Petro Kalnyshevsky	31 October 1803
date of death	Edward Rupert Burrowes (1903--1966) was an artist and art teacher who founded the Working People's Art Class (WPAC), the first established art institution in Guyana.	Edward Rupert Burrowes	1966
date of death	Mariano Guadalupe Vallejo (4 July 1807 -- 18 January 1890) was a Californio military commander, politician, and rancher.	Mariano Guadalupe Vallejo	18 January 1890
date of death	Paul Niculescu-Mizil (Romanian pronunciation: (ˈpa.ul nikuˈlesku miˈzil); 25 November 1923 -- 5 December 2008) was a Romanian communist politician.	Paul Niculescu-Mizil	5 December 2008
date of death	Louis de Tousard (1749-1817) was a French artillerist who served in the American Continental Army under La Fayette, and later was given a US commission.	Louis de Tousard	1817
date of death	Fernando Ansúrez II (died 978, shortly after 23 April) was the Count of Monzón, Peñafiel, and Campos from 950 and one of the most powerful noblemen of his generation in the Kingdom of León.	Fernando Ansúrez II	978
date of death	Shapurji Edalji (1841 or 1842--1918) was probably the first person from South Asia to be made the vicar of an English parish.	Shapurji Edalji	1918
date of death	Lieutenant Francisco Gonzalo Marín, also known as Pachín Marín (March 12, 1863 -- November 1897), was a poet and journalist who fought alongside José Martí as a member of the Cuban Liberation Army.	Francisco Gonzalo Marín	1897
date of death	Richard Munday (c.1685-1739) was a prominent colonial American architect and builder in Newport, Rhode Island.	Richard Munday	1739
date of death	Miloslava Rezková (Czech pronunciation: (ˈmɪloslava ˈrɛskovaː); 22 July 1950 -- 19 October 2014) was a Czech high jumper who won gold medals at the 1968 Olympics and 1969 European Championships.	Miloslava Rezková	19 October 2014
date of death	Isaac Augustus Wetherby (1819-1904) or I.A. Wetherbee was an American painter and photographer.	Isaac Augustus Wetherby	1904
date of death	Konstantin Konstantinovich Saradzhev (Russian: Константи́н Константи́нович Сара́джев) (1900--1942) was a Russian bell ringer, composer, and musical theorist.	Konstantin Konstantinovich Saradzhev	1942
date of death	Henry de Ponthieu (14 February 1731 -- 10 December 1808) was a London merchant of Huguenot ancestry who collected fish and plant specimens from the West Indies for botanist Joseph Banks.	Henry de Ponthieu	10 December 1808
date of death	Maximilian Joseph von Tarnóczy (Hungarian: Tarnózy Miksa) (24 October 1806 -- 4 April 1876) was an Austrian Cardinal and Archbishop.	Maximilian Joseph von Tarnóczy	4 April 1876
date of death	Vinod Kinariwala (1924-9 August 1942) was a student at Gujarat College in the city of Ahmedabad.	Vinod Kinariwala	9 August 1942
date of death	Vyloppilli Sreedhara Menon (11 May 1911 -- 22 December 1985) was a renowned Indian poet of Kerala.	Vyloppilli Sreedhara Menon	22 December 1985
date of death	Hamish MacCunn (22 March 1868 -- 2 August 1916) was a Scottish Romantic composer, conductor and teacher.	Hamish MacCunn	2 August 1916
date of death	Brough Fletcher (9 March 1893 -- 12 May 1972) was a footballer and football manager.	Brough Fletcher	12 May 1972
date of death	William Pitt Smith (1760--1796) was a U.S. physician, educator and theological writer.	William Pitt Smith	1796
date of death	William Hendriksen (18 November 1900 -- 12 January 1982) was a New Testament scholar and writer of Bible commentaries.	William Hendriksen	12 January 1982
date of death	Yemelyan Danilov (Russian: Емельян Данилов) (1627--1654) was a Russian bellmaker.	Yemelyan Danilov	1654
date of death	Hans Wolfgang Helck (16 September 1914 -- 27 August 1993) was a German Egyptologist, considered one of the most important Egyptologists of the 20th century.	Wolfgang Helck	27 August 1993
date of death	Endel Ruberg (21 May 1917 -- 29 December 1989) was an Estonian-Canadian artist, naturalist, and humanitarian.	Endel Ruberg	29 December 1989
date of death	Sir George Morton, 1st Baronet (died 1662) was an English landowner and politician who sat in the House of Commons in 1626.	Sir George Morton, 1st Baronet	1662
date of death	Hugh Ralston Crawford (1876--1954), practiced both as an engineer and architect in Australia and the United States in the first half of the 20th Century.	Hugh Ralston Crawford	1954
date of death	Bjarne Orten (22 December 1919 - 14 January 2011 ) is a Norwegian civil servant.	Bjarne Orten	14 January 2011
date of death	Leopold Bürkner (29 January 1894 - 15 July 1975) was a German naval officer who served on torpedo boats in World War I. In the post-war period he served on a pocket battleship that patrolled the Spanish coast during the Spanish Civil War and then commanded a light cruiser.	Leopold Bürkner	15 July 1975
date of death	Odoardo Barri (13 September 1844 -- January 1920) is the pseudonym of Edward Slater.	Odoardo Barri	January 1920
date of death	Per Bratland (1907--1988) was a Norwegian newspaper editor.	Per Bratland	1988
date of death	Narushima Ryūhoku (成島柳北) was a Japanese author and scholar who lived from 1837-1884.	Narushima Ryūhoku	1884
date of death	Sir Jonathan Hutchinson (23 July 1828 -- 23 June 1913), was an English surgeon, ophthalmologist, dermatologist, venereologist and pathologist.	Jonathan Hutchinson	23 June 1913
date of death	Juan José Sicre (born Juan José Sicre Velez in 1898 -- 1974) was one of the greatest Cuban sculptors.	Juan José Sicre	1974
date of death	Annemarie Lorentzen (née Olsen) (23 September 1921 -- 30 June 2008) was a Norwegian politician for the Labour Party.	Annemarie Lorentzen	30 June 2008
date of death	Juan Banderas (executed 1833 at Arizpe) was the leader of the Yaqui during part of the Yaqui Wars, specifically from 1825 until 1833.	Juan Banderas	1833
date of death	Peter Percival (24 July 1803 -- 11 July 1882) was a British born missionary, linguist and a pioneering educator in Sri Lanka and South India during the British colonial era.	Peter Percival	11 July 1882
date of death	Arthur Scherbius (30 October 1878 -- 13 May 1929) was a German electrical engineer who patented an invention for a mechanical cipher machine, later sold as the Enigma machine.	Arthur Scherbius	13 May 1929
date of death	Henry Boot (1851--1931) was the founder of Henry Boot PLC. Henry Boot was the eldest surviving son of Charles and Ann Boot.	Henry Boot	1931
date of death	William H. Ahmanson (October 12, 1925 -- 2008) was an American chief executive, philatelist and philanthropist from Los Angeles, California.	William H. Ahmanson	2008
date of death	Jean De Bie (9 May 1892 -- 30 April 1961) was a Belgian football (soccer) player.	Jean De Bie	30 April 1961
date of death	Sir John Bourke of Brittas (1550 -- 20 December 1607), commonly called ``Captain of Clanwilliam'', was born about the middle of the 16th century.	Sir John Bourke of Brittas	20 December 1607
date of death	Aryabhata (Sanskrit: आर्यभट; IAST: Āryabhaṭa) or Aryabhata I (476--550 CE) was the first of the major mathematician-astronomers from the classical age of Indian mathematics and Indian astronomy.	Aryabhata	550
date of death	Harry Collier (1 October 1907 -- 16 August 1994) was an Australian rules footballer in the Victorian Football League.	Harry Collier	16 August 1994
date of death	Catharina Margaretha Linck (died 1721) was a Prussian woman who for most of her adult life presented herself as a man.	Catharina Margaretha Linck	1721
date of death	Saint Donatian (4th century - 390) is the patron saint of Bruges, Belgium, where his relics were enshrined in the ninth century.	Saint Donatian	390
date of death	Cassin Abbas (28 March 1926 - 10 December 1982) was an Indonesian film actor and film editor.	Cassin Abbas	10 December 1982
date of death	Claude Bouthillier, Sieur de Fouilletourte (1581 -- 13 March 1652), French statesman, began his professional life as an advocate.	Claude Bouthillier	13 March 1652
date of death	Sir Wilfred Cockcroft (7 June 1923 -- 1999) was an eminent mathematics educator from the University of Hull.	Wilfred Cockcroft	1999
date of death	Wallace Morgan (1875--1948) was a war artist for the United States Army during WWI.	Wallace Morgan	1948
date of death	George Wyndham PC (29 August 1863 -- 8 June 1913) was a British Conservative politician, statesman, man of letters, and one of The Souls.	George Wyndham	8 June 1913
date of death	Henri Thiriet aka Henry Thiriet (1873-1946) was a prolific French poster artist, book illustrator and painter.	Henri Thiriet	1946
date of death	Bose Ikard (ca. 1840s--1929) was an African American cowboy who participated in the pioneering cattle drives on what became known as the Goodnight--	Bose Ikard	1929
date of death	Eileen Beasley (1921 -- 12 August 2012) was a Welsh teacher who, along with her husband Trefor, conducted a campaign of civil disobedience in the 1950s against the Rural District Council of Llanelly in a demand for council rate bills in the Welsh language.	Eileen Beasley	12 August 2012
date of death	Robert Whitworth (1734 -- 30 March 1799) was an English land surveyor and engineer, who learnt his trade under John Smeaton and James Brindley, and went on to become one of the leading canal engineers of his generation.	Robert Whitworth	30 March 1799
date of death	Mayo Kaan (2 March 1914 -- 9 July 2002) was a bodybuilder who claimed to be the original model for Superman.	Mayo Kaan	9 July 2002
date of death	Sir James Sexton CBE (13 April 1856 -- 27 December 1938) was a British trade unionist and politician.	James Sexton	27 December 1938
date of death	Bogalay Kyaw Hlaing (Burmese: ဘိုကလေး ကျော်လှိုင်, pronounced: (bòɡəlé tɕɔ̀ l̥àiɴ); 28 September 1914 -- 13 April 1996) was a Burmese artist.	Kyaw Hlaing	13 April 1996
date of death	Arieh Levavi (3 June 1912 -- 1 February 2009), also known as Aryeh Lieb and Arieh Leibman, was the fourth Director General of Israeli Ministry of Foreign Affairs (1964--1967).	Arieh Levavi	1 February 2009
date of death	Pescennius Niger (Latin: Gaius Pescennius Niger Augustus; c. 135/140 -- 194) was Roman Emperor from 193 to 194 during the Year of the Five Emperors.	Pescennius Niger	194
date of death	Kristian Fredrikson (1940 -- 10 November 2005) was a New Zealand-born Australian stage and costume designer working in ballet, opera and other performing arts.	Kristian Fredrikson	10 November 2005
date of death	Dora Gordine, FRBS (13 April 1895 -- 29 December 1991) aka La Gordine, was an Estonian sculptor.	Dora Gordine	29 December 1991
date of death	Arne Gauslaa (8 February 1913 -- 30 October 1942) was a Norwegian communist, newspaper editor and resistance member.	Arne Gauslaa	30 October 1942
date of death	Fritz Grünbaum 1880--1941, Brandstätter, 2005, ISBN 3-85498-393-X Walter Fritz:	Fritz Grünbaum	1941
date of death	Reimar Constantin von Alvensleben (26 August 1809 -- 28 March 1892) was a Prussian (and later Imperial German) general.	Constantin von Alvensleben	28 March 1892
date of death	François Anthyme Eugène Follin (25 November 1823, Harfleur -- 21 May 1867) was a French surgeon and ophthalmologist.	Eugène Follin	21 May 1867
date of death	Ivor Newton CBE (15 December 1892 -- 21 April 1981) was an English pianist who was particularly noted as an accompanist to international singers and string players.	Ivor Newton	21 April 1981
date of death	Henry William Dulcken (1832-1894) was an English translator and children's writer, best known for translating the stories of Hans Christian Andersen.	Henry William Dulcken	1894
date of death	Pierre-François Palloy (23 January 1755 -- 1835), self-styled as Patriote Palloy (Palloy the Patriot) was an entrepreneurial building contractor remembered for the demolition of the Bastille.	Pierre-François Palloy	1835
date of death	Jacques Belhomme (17 June 1737 -- 18 September 1824) was a personality of the French Revolution and the owner of the Pension Belhomme.	Jacques Belhomme	September 1824
date of death	Francis Clater (1756--1823), was a British farrier and writer.	Francis Clater	1823
date of death	Glennis Lorimer (1913 -- 1968) was a British actress, who appeared in a number of films during the 1930s.	Glennis Lorimer	1968
date of death	Mercy Ravi (18 March 1945 -- 5 September 2009) was a member of Kerala Legislative Assembly and the wife of the Indian politician Vayalar Ravi.	Mercy Ravi	5 September 2009
date of death	Arthur Comfort (1864-1935) was an English master wood engraver at The Graphic in London and art teacher in Halifax.	Arthur Comfort	1935
date of death	Anna Beneck (23 June 1942 -- 3 September 2013) was an Italian butterfly swimmer.	Anna Beneck	3 September 2013
date of death	Hugh Neil (2 October 1936 -- November 1978) was a Scottish professional footballer who played as a right back.	Hugh Neil	November 1978
date of death	Maddalena Fagandini (30 August 1929 -- 29 November 2012) was an electronic musician and television producer.	Maddalena Fagandini	29 November 2012
date of death	Sir Thomas Charles Morgan (1783 -- 28 August 1843) was an English physician and writer with an interest in philosophical and miscellaneous subject matter.	Thomas Charles Morgan	1843
date of death	Faras Hamdan (Arabic: فارس حمدان‎; Hebrew: פארס חמדאן‎, born 1910, died 29 November 1966) was an Israeli Arab politician who served as a member of the Knesset for Agriculture and Development between 1951 and 1959.	Faras Hamdan	29 November 1966
date of death	Jeremy Hawk (20 May 1918 -- 15 January 2002) was a character actor with a long career in music halls and on London's West End stage.	Jeremy Hawk	15 January 2002
date of death	Chiyo Mikami (三上千代 1891-1978) was a Japanese nurse, who worked for leprosy patients and was given the Florence Nightingale Medal in 1957.	Chiyo Mikami	1978
date of death	Erwin Lehn (8 June 1919, Grünstadt -- 20 March 2010) was a German jazz composer, bandleader and musician.	Erwin Lehn	20 March 2010
date of death	John M. Shelton (1853-1923) was an American rancher and banker.	John M. Shelton	1923
date of death	Lili Bech (born Lily Beck; 29 December 1883 -- 20 January 1939) was a Danish silent film actress.	Lili Bech	20 January 1939
date of death	Father Afonso Mendes (18 June 1579 -- 21 June 1659), was a Portuguese Jesuit theologian, and Patriarch of Ethiopia from 1622 to 1634.	Afonso Mendes	21 June 1659
date of death	Thomas Cloney (1773 -- 20 February 1850) was a County Wexford leader in the Irish Rebellion of 1798.	Thomas Cloney	20 February 1850
date of death	Thomas Hone (19 June 1858 in Ireland -- 15 January 1922 in Ireland) was an Irish cricketer.	Thomas Hone	15 January 1922
date of death	Andrew Bruce Boa (10 July 1930 -- 17 April 2004) was a Canadian actor, who found success playing the token North American in British films and television.	Bruce Boa	17 April 2004
date of death	Hans Coper (8 April 1920 -- 16 June 1981), was an influential German-born British studio potter.	Hans Coper	1981
date of death	Ettore Mattia (30 May 1910 -- 10 October 1982) was an Italian journalist and actor.	Ettore Mattia	10 October 1982
date of death	Vincenzo Leuzzi (Rome, 1909--1983) was Director of Transport Institute, University of Rome Engineering School.	Vincenzo Leuzzi	1983
date of death	His Honour Ifor Bowen Lloyd (9 September 1902 -- 23 July 1990), was a British Judge and Liberal Party politician.	Ifor Bowen Lloyd	23 July 1990
date of death	Saint Ermengol (also Armengol or Armengod) or Hermengaudius (died 1035) was the bishop of Urgell from 1010.	Saint Ermengol	1035
date of death	Archibald Thompson Davison (11 October 1883 -- 6 February 1961) was an American musicologist, conductor, composer and music educator.	Archibald Thompson Davison	6 February 1961
date of death	Elias Palairet (1713--1765) was a Dutch minister and classical scholar, who spent his later life in England.	Elias Palairet	1765
date of death	Henry Heylyn Hayter CMG (28 October 1821 -- 23 March 1895) was an English-born Australian statistician	Henry Heylyn Hayter	23 March 1895
date of death	Saint Vitalis of Savigny (ca. 1060 -- 16 September 1122) was the canonized founder of Savigny Abbey and the Congregation of Savigny (1112).	Vitalis of Savigny	16 September 1122
date of death	Greg Stockdale (30 July 1899 -- 14 May 1949) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Essendon in the Victorian Football League (VFL) during the 1920s.	Greg Stockdale	14 May 1949
date of death	Jack Arthur Wood, Jr. was born December 28, 1923 and died July 4, 2005.	Jack Arthur Wood, Jr.	2005
date of death	Heinrich Hugo Karny (7 October 1886, Mödling -- 7 August 1939, Kroisbach) was an Austrian physician and entomologist who specialised in Thysanoptera and Orthoptera.	Heinrich Hugo Karny	7 August 1939
date of death	Kenneth Kent Mackenzie (1877--1934) was a lawyer and amateur botanist who wrote extensively on the genus Carex in North America.	Kenneth Kent Mackenzie	1934
date of death	Edward Winn (February 12, 1937 -- June 25, 1995) was a third-party candidate for President of the United States in the 1984 and 1988 presidential elections, representing the Socialist Equality Party (US).	Edward Winn	1995
date of death	Roy Crimmins (2 August 1929 in London - 27 August 2014) was an English jazz trombonist, composer and arranger.	Roy Crimmins	27 August 2014
date of death	Michael Kidron (20 September 1930--25 March 2003) was a revolutionary thinker and cartographer.	Michael Kidron	25 March 2003
date of death	Huang Daozhou (Chinese: 黄道周, 1585--1646) was a Chinese calligrapher, scholar and official of the Ming Dynasty.	Huang Daozhou	1646
date of death	Panagiotis Sekeris (Tripolitsa 1783 -- Nafplio 1846) was a merchant and a leading member of Filiki Eteria (Society of Friends).	Panagiotis Sekeris	1846
date of death	Sir Ralph Knight (c. 1619 -- 21 April 1691) was an English soldier and politician who sat in the House of Commons in 1660.	Ralph Knight	21 April 1691
date of death	Shahāb-ud-Dawla Mawdūd (Persian: شهاب‌الدوله مودود‎; died 1050), known as Mawdud of Ghazni (مودود غزنوی), was a sultan of the Ghaznavids from 1041-50.	Mawdud of Ghazni	1050
date of death	Bill Brittingham (5 September 1923 -- 18 June 1996) was an Australian rules footballer in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Bill Brittingham	18 June 1996
date of death	Mike McCoole (12 March 1837 in England -- 17 October 1886 at New Orleans) was a boxing champion.	Mike McCoole	17 October 1886
date of death	Marion Michael (17 October 1940 -- 13 October 2007) was a German film actress and singer.	Marion Michael	13 October 2007
date of death	Evangeline Walton (24 November 1907 -- 11 March 1996) was the pen name of Evangeline Wilna Ensley, an American author of fantasy fiction.	Evangeline Walton	11 March 1996
date of death	Mark Robson (4 December 1913 -- 20 June 1978) was a Canadian-born film director, producer and editor.	Mark Robson	20 June 1978
date of death	Liu Wuzhou (劉武周) (died 622?) was a rebel leader who rose against the rule of the Chinese dynasty Sui Dynasty late in the dynasty's history, and he took imperial style--although it was not completely clear whether the title he took was khan or tianzi.	Liu Wuzhou	622
date of death	Giovanni Evangelista Draghi (1654 in Genoa -- 1712 in Piacenza) was an Italian painter of the late-Baroque or Rococo period.	Giovanni Evangelista Draghi	1712
date of death	Jan Sharp (1946--2012) was an Australian film producer, director and cinematographer.	Jan Sharp	2012
date of death	Rudy Arnold (August 28, 1902 -- September 17, 1966) was an American photographer who specialized in aviation photography.	Rudy Arnold	1966
date of death	Sylvester Bliss (1814--1863) was a Millerite minister and editor.	Sylvester Bliss	1863
date of death	Sir Theophilus Biddulph, 1st Baronet (1612 -- 25 March 1683) was the son of Michael Biddulph of Elmhurst, Staffordshire.	Sir Theophilus Biddulph, 1st Baronet	25 March 1683
date of death	Phillips Payson (1704--1778) was minister for the town of Dorchester, Massachusetts from 1728.	Phillips Payson	1778
date of death	Johann Joseph Fux (German: (ˈfʊks); c. 1660 -- 13 February 1741) was an Austrian composer, music theorist and pedagogue of the late Baroque era.	Johann Joseph Fux	13 February 1741
date of death	Kimberly Rogers (c. 1961 -- 9 August 2001) was a Canadian whose death in 2001, while under house arrest for welfare fraud, caused extensive controversy around Ontario Works (the Ontario government's welfare system).	Kimberly Rogers	9 August 2001
date of death	Marc Delafontaine (Born at Celigny, 1837--1911) was a Swiss chemist who in 1878, along with Jacques-Louis Soret, first observed holmium spectroscopically.	Marc Delafontaine	1911
date of death	Lewis S. Payne (January 21, 1819 Bergen, Genesee County, New York -- 1898) was an American merchant, Union Army officer and politician from New York.	Lewis S. Payne	1898
date of death	Tara Cherian (May 1913 - 7 November 2000) was an Indian social activist and politician.	Tara Cherian	7 November 2000
date of death	Robert Oliver Reed (13 February 1938 -- 2 May 1999) was an English actor known for his upper-class, macho image, hellraiser lifestyle, and ``tough guy'' roles.	Oliver Reed	2 May 1999
date of death	Harry Emerson Wildes (April 3, 1890 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania - 1982) an American sociologist, historian and writer who is best known for his biographies of William Penn, George Fox and Anthony Wayne	Harry Emerson Wildes	1982
date of death	H. Louis Nichols (7 November 1916- 25 April 2010) was an attorney who resided in Dallas, Texas.	H. Louis Nichols	25 April 2010
date of death	Anne Hastings, Countess of Shrewsbury (c. 1471--1520) was an English noblewoman who served as a lady-in-waiting to Queen consort Catherine of Aragon, the first wife of King Henry VIII of England.	Anne Hastings, Countess of Shrewsbury	1520
date of death	Colonel Thomas Holbein Hendley CIE (21 April 1847 -- 2 February 1917) was a British medical officer in the Indian Medical Service and an amateur authority on Indian art. He studied at St. Bartholomew's Hospital in London, where he was the gold medallist.	Thomas Holbein Hendley	2 February 1917
date of death	Joseph Broussard (1702--1765), also known as Beausoleil, was a leader of the Acadian people in Acadia; later Nova Scotia, Prince Edward Island, and New Brunswick.	Joseph Broussard	1765
date of death	George Stentiford (7 May 1900 -- 1976) was an English footballer who played in the Football League for Stockport County and Stoke.	George Stentiford	1976
date of death	Johann Georg Haeselich (also Haselick; 30 August 1806 - 6 December 1894) was a German genre painter and lithographer.	Johann Georg Haeselich	6 December 1894
date of death	Joseph Anthelmi (Antelmi) (25 July 1648 at Fréjus -- 21 June 1697 at Frejus) was a French ecclesiastical historian.	Joseph Anthelmi	21 June 1697
date of death	Luigi Guardigli (20 July 1923 -- 19 September 2008) was an Italian painter and mosaicist.	Luigi Guardigli	19 September 2008
date of death	Manoug Exerjian (1888 -- November 1974) was a Nassau County, New York architect, who came to Great Neck, New York, in 1923.	Manoug Exerjian	November 1974
date of death	Henry Beadman Bryant (1824--1892) was an author and co-founder and namesake of Bryant & Stratton College and Bryant University in Smithfield, Rhode Island.	Henry Beadman Bryant	1892
date of death	Suzanne Bloch (born in Geneva in 1907 - died in New York in 2002) was a Swiss-American musician and an influential pioneer of Early Music Revival during the 20th century.	Suzanne Bloch	2002
date of death	Jules Semler-Collery (1902 - 1988) was a French composer, conductor and teacher.	Jules Semler-Collery	1988
date of death	William Abel Pantin FBA (1 May 1902 -- 10 November 1973) was an historian of mediaeval England who spent most of his academic life at the University of Oxford.	William Abel Pantin	10 November 1973
date of death	Louis Massignon (25 July 1883 -- 31 October 1962) was a Catholic scholar of Islam and a pioneer of Catholic- Muslim mutual understanding.	Louis Massignon	31 October 1962
date of death	Dawachi (Chinese: 达瓦齐; pinyin: dáwǎqí; Mongolian: Даваач; died 1759) was the last khan of the Dzungar Khanate from 1753 until his defeat at the hands of Qing and Mongol forces at Ili in 1755.	Dawachi	1759
date of death	Arthur Wolcott Yates (died 1930) was a Brigadier General in the United States Army.	Arthur Wolcott Yates	1930
date of death	Dou Kang (died 621), courtesy name Daosheng, was an official and general during the Sui and Tang dynasties who briefly served as a chancellor early in the reign of Emperor Gaozu of Tang.	Dou Kang	621
date of death	Robert B. Ingebretsen (30 March 1948 -- 2 March 2003) was a pioneer in the development of digital sound.	Robert B. Ingebretsen	2 March 2003
date of death	Samuel Snowden (born c.1765 - died 1850) was a 19th-century African-American abolitionist and pastor of the May Street Church, one of the first black Methodist churches in Boston, Massachusetts.	Samuel Snowden	1850
date of death	Philip Francis Pocock, (2 July 1906 -- 6 September 1984), was the Roman Catholic Archbishop of Toronto from 1971 to 1978.	Philip Francis Pocock	6 September 1984
date of death	Luís Carlos Nunes da Silva, nicknamed Carlinhos (19 November 1937 -- 22 June 2015), played for Flamengo between 1958 and 1969.	Carlinhos	22 June 2015
date of death	Wally Chalmers (16 September 1890 -- 17 November 1966) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Essendon in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Wally Chalmers	17 November 1966
date of death	Edward Harwood (of Darwen) (1707--1787) was an English composer of hymns, anthems and songs.	Edward Harwood (of Darwen)	1787
date of death	John Joseph Dougall (1860 -- 5 September 1934) was Mayor of Christchurch in 1911--1912.	John Joseph Dougall	5 September 1934
date of death	Robert Bruford (28 June 1868 -- 29 December 1939) was a British farmer and agriculturist who developed his activities into the political field.	Robert Bruford	29 December 1939
date of death	Ulrich Bettac (2 May 1897 -- 20 April 1959), born Ulrich Ewald Berthold Bettac, was a German-born Austrian actor and theatre director.	Ulrich Bettac	20 April 1959
date of death	John Love Jones (1885 -- 21 December 1913) was a Welsh footballer who played in the Football League for Stoke and Middlesbrough, and he also made two appearances for Wales.	John Love Jones	21 December 1913
date of death	Leonard Hodgson (24 October 1889 in Fulham, London -- 15 July 1969 in Leamington Spa) was an Anglican priest, philosopher, theologian, historian of the early Church and Regius Professor of Divinity at the University of Oxford from 1944 to 1958.	Leonard Hodgson	15 July 1969
date of death	Samoset, also Somerset, (c. 1590--1653) was an Abenaki sagamore and the first Native American to make contact with the Pilgrims of Plymouth Colony.	Samoset	1653
date of death	Dr. Royal Wasson Sorensen (April 25, 1882 -- October 27, 1965) was the inventor of the vacuum switch, professor of electrical engineering and head of the electrical engineering department at California Institute of Technology, and was also noted for his work in high voltage transmissions and air pollution.	Royal Wasson Sorensen	1965
date of death	George S. Cooper (December 14, 1864 -- 1929) was an American architect and builder from Washington, D.C. During his 40-year career, he was responsible for designing around 850 properties, including homes, commercial buildings and apartment buildings, several of which are listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP).	George S. Cooper	1929
date of death	Jack Cannan (14 January 1899 -- 22 November 1965) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Jack Cannan	22 November 1965
date of death	Edgar Baitzel (17 May 1955 -- 11 March 2007) was a German opera director and artistic administrator.	Edgar Baitzel	11 March 2007
date of death	Zdenko Vinski (3 May 1913 -- 13 October 1996) was a notable Croatian archaeologist.	Zdenko Vinski	13 October 1996
date of death	Wilfried Herling was killed on 28 November 1943, when straffed on take-off by 15 IAP Yak 1s led by Kpt Leontiy.	Wilfried Herling	28 November 1943
date of death	Khouw Kim An, Majoor der Chinezen (1875-1945) was a prominent Chinese Indonesian public figure, patrician and landowner who served as the last Majoor der Chinezen (``Major of the Chinese'') of Batavia, Dutch East Indies (now Jakarta).	Khouw Kim An	1945
date of death	Peter Francis Chenu (1760-1834) was a British sculptor of French birth working in the late 18th and early 19th century.	Peter Francis Chenu	1834
date of death	Ivan Maček (28 May 1908 -- 1 April 1993) was a Yugoslav Communist politician from Slovenia who served as the President of the People's Assembly of SR Slovenia from 1963 to 1967.	Ivan Maček	1 April 1993
date of death	Wang Ruofei (11 October 1896 -- 8 April 1946) was a high-ranking member of the Chinese Communist Party.	Wang Ruofei	8 April 1946
date of death	Gianluigi Gasparetti (26 March 1958 -- 12 April 2013), known by the pseudonym Oöphoi, was an Italian ambient musician.	Oöphoi	12 April 2013
date of death	Carlo Savina (2 August 1919 - 23 June 2002) was an Italian composer and conductor who composed, arranged, and conducted music for films-and is especially remembered for being the music director of films such as The Godfather (1972), Amarcord (1973), and The Bear (1988).	Carlo Savina	23 June 2002
date of death	Francis Rawle (1660 -- 5 March 1727), originally from England, was a Quaker and colonist in Philadelphia, where he served in administrative positions and was a member of the assembly.	Francis Rawle	5 March 1727
date of death	Emilio Vieyra (12 October 1920 -- 25 January 2010), sometimes credited as Raúl Zorrilla, was an Argentine film director, actor, screenwriter and film producer, between 1950 and the 1990s.	Emilio Vieyra	25 January 2010
date of death	Prince Joseph Ferdinand of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha (full name Joseph Ferdinand Maria Michael Gabriel Raphael Gonzaga; 21 May 1869 - 13 August 1888), known in Brazil as Dom José Fernando, was a prince of the house of Saxe-Coburg-Gotha.	Prince Joseph Ferdinand of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha	13 August 1888
date of death	Dirk Albert Hooijer (30 May 1919 -- 26 November 1993), often only known by his author abbreviation D. A. Hooijer, was a Dutch paleontologist.	Dirk Albert Hooijer	26 November 1993
date of death	Charles Liddell (1813 - 10 August 1894), was an English railway engineer.	Charles Liddell	10 August 1894
date of death	Otar Chkheidze (28 November 1920. Village Kelktseuli, region of Gori, Georgia -- 2007) Georgian writer, literary man, PhD (1949).	Otar Chkheidze	2007
date of death	Nicolai Lumholtz (19 September 1729 -- 20 June 1819) was a Danish-Norwegian bishop.	Nicolai Lumholtz	20 June 1819
date of death	Wilhelm Wegener (29 April 1895 -- 24 September 1944) was a German general of infantry, serving during World War II. He was also a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves and Swords.	Wilhelm Wegener	24 September 1944
date of death	Ramnad Krishnan (14 September 1918 - 29 January 1973) was a vocalist in the Carnatic tradition.	Ramnad Krishnan	29 January 1973
date of death	Samuel Chandanappally (13 May 1940 -- 3 July 2000), who was born C.D. Samuel, was an Indian writer, college professor and orator.	Samuel Chandanappally	3 July 2000
date of death	Max Johannes Arildskov (February 17, 1896 -- 1986) was a Danish National Socialist political activist and collaborator prior to and during World War II.	Max Johannes Arildskov	1986
date of death	Muhammad Abu Mansur al-Maturidi (853--944 AD) (Persian: محمد بن محمد بن محمود أبو منصور ماتریدی سمرقندی حنفی‎‎) was a scholar of Islamic jurisprudence and Qur'anic exegesis.	Abu Mansur al-Maturidi	944
date of death	Anthony Bonvisi (1470s-1558) was an Italian emigrant to England.	Anthony Bonvisi	1558
date of death	James Hain Friswell (8 May 1825 -- 12 March 1878) was an English essayist and novelist.	James Hain Friswell	12 March 1878
date of death	Horace R. Cayton, Jr. (1903--1970) was a prominent American sociologist, newspaper columnist, and author who specialized in studies of working-class black Americans, particularly in mid-20th-century Chicago.	Horace R. Cayton, Jr.	1970
date of death	Artie Cambridge (25 December 1901 -- 30 July 1955) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Artie Cambridge	30 July 1955
date of death	James Yimm Lee (Chinese: 嚴鏡海, published as James Y. Lee) (1920-1972) was an American martial arts pioneer, teacher, author, and publisher.	James Yimm Lee	1972
date of death	Tsokye Dorje (Tibetan: གཙོ་སྐྱེས་རྡོ་རྗེ, Wylie: mTs'o skyes rdo rje, 1450--1510) was a regent of Tibet who ruled in 1491--1499.	Tsokye Dorje	1510
date of death	Elizabeth Cowell (1912--1998) was a British broadcaster and the first woman television announcer.	Elizabeth Cowell	1998
date of death	Mhic Mac Comhaltan Ua Cleirigh (died 1025) was King of Ui Fiachrach Aidhne.	Mhic Mac Comhaltan Ua Cleirigh	1025
date of death	Alexander Bonini (ca. 1270 -- 1314) was an Italian Franciscan philosopher, who became Minister General of the Order of Friars Minor.	Alexander Bonini	1314
date of death	Vice Admiral Sir William Clarkson, KBE, CMG (26 March 1859 -- 21 January 1934) is regarded as the co-founder of the Royal Australian Navy (RAN), in which he served as a senior commander.	William Clarkson	21 January 1934
date of death	Jassa Singh Ramgarhia (1723--1803) was a prominent Sikh leader during the period of the Sikh Confederacy.	Jassa Singh Ramgarhia	1803
date of death	Kessie Govender (1942--2002) was a pioneering voice in South African protest theatre, a playwright, actor and theatre director, who founded the Stable Theatre, a Durban-based theatre company in 1970 and is most known for his play, Working Class Hero (1979) and The Shack (1979).	Kessie Govender	2002
date of death	Alexander Peckover, 1st Baron Peckover FRGS, FSA, FLS (16 August 1830 -- 21 October 1919), was a British Quaker banker, philanthropist and collector of ancient manuscripts.	Alexander Peckover, 1st Baron Peckover	21 October 1919
date of death	Ivy Granstrom (September 28, 1911 -- April 14, 2004) was a blind Canadian Masters athlete.	Ivy Granstrom	2004
date of death	Barbro Eriksdotter (Bielke) (died 1553), known in history as Barbro Påle (In English: ``Barbara Stake'') was a Swedish noble and land lord.	Barbro Eriksdotter	1553
date of death	Nguyễn Văn Lém (referred to as Captain Bảy Lốp) (1931 or 1932 -- 1 February 1968) was a member of the National Liberation Front who was summarily executed in Saigon by General Nguyễn Ngọc Loan during the Tet Offensive.	Nguyễn Văn Lém	1 February 1968
date of death	Leigh Mercer (1893--1977) was a noted British wordplay and recreational mathematics expert.	Leigh Mercer	1977
date of death	Thorfinn of Hamar (died 1285) was the Bishop of the Ancient Diocese of Hamar in medieval Norway.	Thorfinn of Hamar	1285
date of death	Diego Marín Aguilera (1757--1799) was a Spanish inventor who was an early aviation pioneer.	Diego Marín Aguilera	1799
date of death	Jagannath Sarkar (25 September 1919 -- 8 April 2011) was an Indian Communist leader, freedom fighter, and writer on social issues.	Jagannath Sarkar	8 April 2011
date of death	George Burnett Barton (9 December 1836 -- 12 September 1901) was an Australian lawyer, journalist and historian.	George Burnett Barton	12 September 1901
date of death	Aliki Diplarakou, Lady Russell (Greek: Αλίκη Διπλαράκου; 28 August 1912 -- 30 October 2002), was the first Greek contestant to win the Miss Europe title.	Aliki Diplarakou	30 October 2002
date of death	Francis Maseres (15 December 1731 -- 19 May 1824) was an English lawyer.	Francis Maseres	19 May 1824
date of death	Andrée Clair (May 5, 1916 - 1982) was a writer who was born in France, but is associated with Niger.	Andrée Clair	1982
date of death	Hans Eleonardus Møller (8 November 1804 -- 12 September 1867) was a Norwegian politician and businessperson.	Hans Eleonardus Møller	12 September 1867
date of death	Bill Bowe (29 January 1879 -- 11 March 1920) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Bill Bowe	11 March 1920
date of death	Sigurd Christian Brinch (3 October 1874 -- 1956) was a Norwegian manager and politician.	Sigurd Christian Brinch	1956
date of death	Vice Admiral Vicente Merino Bielich (1889 - 1977) was a Chilean naval officer and political figure.	Vicente Merino	1977
date of death	Christa Williams (born: Christa Bojarzin 5 February 1926 -- 28 or 29 July 2012) was a German pop singer most popular in the late 1950s and early 1960s.	Christa Williams	July 2012
date of death	William C. Kingsley (1833-1885) was a construction contractor who is best known for being was one of the main figures involved in the creation of the Brooklyn Bridge	William C. Kingsley	1885
date of death	Jan Leśniak (1898 -- 1976 in Vienna) was a Polish military intelligence officer in the Interbellum and World War II.	Jan Leśniak	1976
date of death	Ratu Josefa Celua (circa 1855 -- 1886) was a Fijian chief from the island of Bau.	Josefa Celua	1886
date of death	Edward Clarke Lowe (15 December 1823- March 30, 1912) was an English educator and a key participant in the foundation and development of the Woodard Schools.	Edward Clarke Lowe	1912
date of death	Maria Rosetti (born Marie Grant; 1819 -- February 25 (O.S. February 13) 1893) was a Guernsey born Wallachian and Romanian political activist, journalist, essayist, philanthropist and socialite.	Maria Rosetti	1893
date of death	Laurence Michelmore (1909 -- April 10, 1997) was UNRWA's Commissioner-General from 1964 to 1971.	Laurence Michelmore	1997
date of death	Solomon Eccles (1618--1683), also known as Solomon Eagle, was an English composer.	Solomon Eccles	1683
date of death	Hope Stevens (1905 in Tortola -- 1982 in Queens, New York) was a lawyer and political activist.	Hope Stevens	1982
date of death	Henry Frederick Beaumont DL JP (10 March 1833, Scarborough -- 13 October 1913, Ascot) was a British Liberal and Liberal Unionist politician.	Henry Frederick Beaumont	13 October 1913
date of death	Edwin Alexander Forbes (1860--1915), who served as the Adjutant General of California from 4 January 1911 to 18 June 1915, is known as the Father of the California Cadet Corps.	Edwin Alexander Forbes	18 June 1915
date of death	William Ward, 3rd Viscount Dudley and Ward (21 January 1750 -- 25 April 1823) was a British peer and politician.	William Ward, 3rd Viscount Dudley and Ward	25 April 1823
date of death	Umanji (c. 1968 -- 26 February 2008), born Maruti Johannes Nkuna, was a South African musician and singer-songwriter.	Umanji	26 February 2008
date of death	Hugh Buhrich (25 April 1911 -- 18 June 2004) was a German architect who arrived in Australia as a refugee from Nazi Germany before World War II. Buhrich's practice, of 40 years, covered commercial and domestic projects.	Hugh Buhrich	18 June 2004
date of death	Sir John Barnard Byles (11 January 1801 -- 3 February 1884) was a British barrister, judge and author of books on law and the economy.	John Barnard Byles	3 February 1884
date of death	Helen Fairchild Smith (died 1926) was the daughter of Augustus William Smith.	Helen Fairchild Smith	1926
date of death	William Carrick (Russian: Вильям Андреевич Каррик) (31 December 1827 -- 11 November 1878) was a Scottish-Russian artist and photographer.	William Carrick	11 November 1878
date of death	Edward Bernard ``Bernie'' Kirwan Ward (2 April 1909 -- 5 March 1983) was a journalist most notable for his work with the Daily News in Perth, Western Australia.	Kirwan Ward	5 March 1983
date of death	Louis Henri de Pardaillan de Gondrin, marquis de Montespan (1640 -- 1 December 1691), was a French nobleman, most notable as the husband of Louis XIV's mistress Madame de Montespan.	Louis Henri de Pardaillan de Gondrin	1 December 1691
date of death	Göran Liljestrand (16 April 1886 -- 16 January 1968), Swedish pharmacologist, known for the discovery of the Euler-Liljestrand mechanism.	Göran Liljestrand	16 January 1968
date of death	Potapy Emelianov (1884, Ufa Guberniya, Russian Empire - 14 August 1936, Karelian ASSR, USSR) was a Russian Catholic priest and confessor.	Potapy Emelianov	14 August 1936
date of death	Henry Jeanes (1611--1662) was an English clergyman and puritan controversialist.	Henry Jeanes	1662
date of death	Barbara Leonie Picard (17 December 1917 -- 15 December 2011) was a British writer of children's books, known best for historical fiction and for retellings of ancient myths and medieval legends.	Barbara Leonie Picard	15 December 2011
date of death	Dr. Peter Cormac Sutherland (1822 - 30 November 1900) Born in Newlands of Forse, near Latheron, Caithness, Scotland.	Peter Cormac Sutherland	30 November 1900
date of death	George Picknell (29 November 1813 -- 26 February 1863) was an English cricketer active from 1835 to 1854 who played for Sussex.	George Picknell	26 February 1863
date of death	Marcella Lotti della Santa (sometimes incorrectly called Marcellina) (September 1831 - 9 February 1901) was an Italian opera singer who had an active international career during the 1850s and 1860s.	Marcella Lotti della Santa	9 February 1901
date of death	Foster Bell (1814 - 1857) was a British jockey who most notably won the 1845 Epsom Derby on The Merry Monarch.	Foster Bell	1857
date of death	Vito Taccone (6 May 1940 -- 15 October 2007) was an Italian road cyclist.	Vito Taccone	15 October 2007
date of death	Jean Poton de Xaintrailles (1390? -- 7 October 1461), a minor noble of Gascon origin, was one of the chief lieutenants of Joan of Arc.	Jean Poton de Xaintrailles	7 October 1461
date of death	William Byrd I (1652 -- 4 December 1704) was a native of Shadwell, London, England.	William Byrd I	4 December 1704
date of death	Charles Perry or Chuck Perry (1937--1999), was the founding president of Florida International University in Miami, having pushed for the university's founding from 1943 until 1965.	Chuck Perry	1999
date of death	Dr. Branko Švarc (1894--1972) was Croatian judge and Mayor of Koprivnica.	Branko Švarc	1972
date of death	Walter de Merton (c. 1205 -- 27 October 1277) was Bishop of Rochester and founder of Merton College, Oxford.	Walter de Merton	27 October 1277
date of death	Enrique Flamini also known as Enrico Flamini (17 April 1917 -- 11 January 1982) was an Argentine-Italian footballer and manager.	Enrique Flamini	11 January 1982
date of death	Isaac Reed (1 January 1742 -- 5 January 1807) was an English Shakespearean editor.	Isaac Reed	5 January 1807
date of death	Baron John Both de Bajna (Croatian: Ivan Bot od Bajne, Hungarian: bajnai Both János ; ? -- 1493) was a Hungarian nobleman from the Both family, who served as, alongside Emeric Derencsényi, Ban of Croatia, Slavonia and Dalmatia in 1493.	John Both de Bajna	1493
date of death	His Worship John Cottesmore SL JP (died 29 August 1439) was a British justice of unknown origin.	John Cottesmore	29 August 1439
date of death	Guillermina Green (1922--2006), also known as Guillermina Grin, was a Spanish film actress.	Guillermina Green	2006
date of death	Yazid ibn al-Walid ibn 'Abd al-Malik or Yazid III (701 -- 25 September 744) (Arabic: يزيد بن الوليد بن عبد الملك‎) was an Umayyad caliph.	Yazid III	25 September 744
date of death	Erwin Knoll (1931--1994) was an American journalist who was editor of The Progressive from 1973 to 1994.	Erwin Knoll	1994
date of death	John Kuzhinapurath, OIC, (1904--1994) was among the first priests who united with the Catholic Church along with Archbishop Mar Ivanios on 20 September 1930 in the process of the formation of the Syro-Malankara Catholic Church.	John Kuzhinapurath	1994
date of death	Carl Peter Holbøll (born 31 December 1795 in Copenhagen -- deceased 1856 in the North Atlantic) was an officer in the Danish Royal Navy, Greenland colonial officer and explorer of the Greenlandic fauna.	Carl Peter Holbøll	1856
date of death	Petro Mirchuk (Ukrainian: Петро Мірчук) (1913--1999) was a Ukrainian writer living in United States and a leading member of the Ukrainian liberation movement (Organization of Ukrainian Nationalists).	Petro Mirchuk	1999
date of death	General John Burgoyne (24 February 1722 -- 4 August 1792) was a British army officer, politician and dramatist.	John Burgoyne	4 August 1792
date of death	Alexander Roderick McLeod (c. 1782 -- 11 June 1840) was a fur trader and explorer who began his career with the North West Company in 1802.	Alexander Roderick McLeod	11 June 1840
date of death	Michael J. Cullen (1884--1936) was an American entrepreneur and salesman of Irish descent, perhaps best known as the founder of the King Kullen grocery store chain, widely considered to be the first supermarket founded in America.	Michael J. Cullen	1936
date of death	Shaban Gashi (1939--1990) was a Yugoslav cinematographer and photographer.	Shaban Gashi	1990
date of death	Frederick Piper (23 September 1902 -- 22 September 1979) was an English actor who appeared in over 80 films and many television productions in a career spanning over 40 years.	Frederick Piper	22 September 1979
date of death	Peter William Clayden (20 October 1827 -- 19 February 1902) was a British Nonconformist and Liberal journalist and author.	Peter William Clayden	19 February 1902
date of death	Reverend Richard Boys MA (1785--1867) was a Church of England clergyman and author, most notable for his tenure as Chaplain on St. Helena at the time of Napoleon Bonaparte's exile there.	Richard Boys	1867
date of death	Samuel Fischer, later Samuel von Fischer (24 December 1859 -- 15 October 1934), was a Hungarian-born German publisher, the founder of S. Fischer Verlag.	Samuel von Fischer	15 October 1934
date of death	Hugo Erich Meyer von Klinggräff (7 June 1820 in Klein Watkowitz, Stuhm -- 3 April 1902 in Paleschken, Stuhm) was a German botanist specialist of bryophytes.	Hugo Erich Meyer von Klinggräff	3 April 1902
date of death	Piotr Wawrzyniak (30 January 1849 in Wyrzeka -- 9 November 1910 in Poznań) was a Polish priest, economic and educational activist, patron of the Union of the Earnings and Economic Societies (Związek Spółek Zarobkowych i Gospodarczych).	Piotr Wawrzyniak	9 November 1910
date of death	Ghiyath al-Din Kaykhusraw II or Ghiyāth ad-Dīn Kaykhusraw bin Kayqubād (Persian: غياث الدين كيخسرو بن كيقباد‎‎) was the sultan of the Seljuqs of Rûm from 1237 until his death in 1246.	Kaykhusraw II	1246
date of death	Nikolaus Gerbel (or Gerbellius) (c. 1485 -- 1560) was a German humanist, jurist and doctor of both laws.	Nikolaus Gerbel	1560
date of death	Raoul III of Tosny († c. 1126), seigneur de Conches-en-Ouche, was an Anglo-Norman nobleman of the house of Tosny.	Raoul III of Tosny	1126
date of death	Simon Henry Adolph, Count of Lippe-Detmold (born: 25 January 1694; died: 12 October 1734) was a ruler of the county of Lippe.	Simon Henry Adolph, Count of Lippe-Detmold	12 October 1734
date of death	Pope Eusebius (from Greek Εὐσέβιος ``pious''; died 17 August 309 or 310) was the Bishop of Rome from 18 April to his death in 309 or 310.	Pope Eusebius	309	310
date of death	Empress Liu E (劉娥) (died 314), courtesy name Lihua (麗華), formally Empress Wuxuan (武宣皇后, literally ``the martial and responsible empress'') was an empress of the Chinese/Xiongnu state Han Zhao.	Empress Liu E	314
date of death	Daniel Camargo Barbosa (22 January 1930 -- 13 November 1994) was a Colombian psychopathic serial killer.	Daniel Camargo Barbosa	13 November 1994
date of death	Nafiz Bezhani (1928--2004) was an Albanian jurist, politician and writer.	Nafiz Bezhani	2004
date of death	Wolf Huber (c. 1485 -- June 3, 1553) was an Austrian painter, printmaker, and architect, a leading member of the Danube School.	Wolf Huber	1553
date of death	Anton Fils (also Antonín Fils, Johann Anton Fils, Johann Anton Filtz), 22 September 1733 (baptized) -- 14 March 1760 (buried) was a German classical composer.	Anton Fils	14 March 1760
date of death	Adolf Rusch von Ingweiler (ca. 1435 - 26 May 1489 in Straßburg) was a notable German printer and publisher.	Adolf Rusch	26 May 1489
date of death	Murray Hantman (1904--1999) was a painter, muralist, and teacher.	Murray Hantman	1999
date of death	Norman Mitchell Driver, better known as Norman Mitchell (27 August 1918 -- 19 March 2001) was an English television, stage and film actor.	Norman Mitchell	19 March 2001
date of death	Alan Wheatley (19 April 1907 -- 30 August 1991) was an English actor and former radio announcer.	Alan Wheatley	30 August 1991
date of death	John Swinton, Lord Swinton (1723--1799) was a Scottish lawyer, judge and writer.	John Swinton, Lord Swinton	1799
date of death	Adam Kok III (16 October 1811 - 30 December 1875) was a leader of the Griqua people in South Africa.	Adam Kok III	1875
date of death	Gbenga Adeboye (1959 - April 2003) was a Nigerian singer, comedian, radio presenter and master of ceremony.	Gbenga Adeboye	April 2003
date of death	Rebecca Agatha Armour (25 October 1845 -- 24 April 1891) was a Canadian teacher and novelist born in Fredericton, New Brunswick.	Rebecca Agatha Armour	24 April 1891
date of death	Lena Gurr (1897--1992), was an American artist who made paintings, prints, and drawings showing, as one critic said, ``the joys and sorrows of everyday life.''	Lena Gurr	1992
date of death	M. Antoine Craan (17 January 1931 -- 12 January 2010) was a Haitian-Canadian soccer player and one of the first black professional soccer players in Quebec province.	Antoine Craan	12 January 2010
date of death	Andrew Hannah (17 September 1864 -- 17 June 1940) was a Scottish international footballer who missed just two games at right back in Everton's 1890--91 title winning season.	Andrew Hannah	17 June 1940
date of death	Georg Braathe (15 December 1903 -- 23 May 1968) was a Norwegian long-distance runner who specialized in the 5000 and 10,000 metres.	Georg Braathe	23 May 1968
date of death	Tudor Ganea (1922--1971) was a Romanian mathematician, known for his work in algebraic topology, especially homotopy theory.	Tudor Ganea	1971
date of death	Mihemed Şêxmûs Salih (1948--1989), also known as Mihemed Şêxo in Kurdish, was one of the most important Kurdish folk singers.	Mihemed Şêxo	1989
date of death	Abdul Razak Abdul Hamid (7 July 1925 -- 18 July 2013) was a Malaysian academic and the only Malaysian survivor of the atomic bombing of Hiroshima on 6 August 1945.	Abdul Razak Abdul Hamid	18 July 2013
date of death	Antonio Beltrami (1724--1784) was an Italian painter active in the late-Baroque and Neoclassic periods.	Antonio Beltrami	1784
date of death	Aldo Massola (September 9, 1910 -- July 6, 1975) was an Italian-Australian anthropologist, a curator at the National Museum of Victoria in Melbourne from 1954 to 1964, who overcame scandal in his personal life to author a number of influential books about Victoria's indigenous Koori population.	Aldo Massola	1975
date of death	George Stiff (1807--1873) was an English engraver and newspaper proprietor.	George Stiff	1873
date of death	Huda bin Abdul Haq (also known as Ali Ghufron, Muklas or Mukhlas) (February 1960 -- 9 November 2008) was an Indonesian who was convicted and executed for his role in coordinating the 2002 Bali bombings, an act of terrorism.	Huda bin Abdul Haq	9 November 2008
date of death	Lancelot Ridley (died 1576), was an English clergyman, known as a theological writer, and rector of St James' Church, Stretham, Cambridgeshire.	Lancelot Ridley	1576
date of death	Danny Powell (29 May 1922 -- 27 January 2013) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Danny Powell	27 January 2013
date of death	Anna Vigfúsdóttir á Stóru-Borg (died 1571), was an active Icelandic landlord.	Anna Vigfúsdóttir á Stóru-Borg	1571
date of death	Wilhelm Roser (26 March 1817 -- 16 December 1888) was a German surgeon and ophthalmologist.	Wilhelm Roser	16 December 1888
date of death	Walter Brooks (1 April 1832 - 14 March 1907) was a Professor of Music and an organist based in Birmingham.	Walter Brooks	14 March 1907
date of death	Vijaya Raje Scindia (12 October 1919 -- 25 January 2001) born Lekha Divyeshwari and known popularly as the Rajmata of Gwalior, was a prominent Indian political personality.	Vijaya Raje Scindia	25 January 2001
date of death	Ngô Văn Chiêu (28 February 1878 -- 1932) was the first disciple of Đức Cao Đài.	Ngô Văn Chiêu	1932
date of death	Charles Henry Pearson (7 September 1830 -- 29 May 1894) was a British-born Australian historian, educationist, politician and journalist.	Charles Henry Pearson	29 May 1894
date of death	John Poyntz (ca. 1485 -- 1544) was an English courtier and politician, Member of Parliament for Devizes in 1529.	John Poyntz	1544
date of death	Peter Alexander Hay (1866--1952) R.I., R.S.W., R.B.C. was a Scottish genre, still-life, portrait and landscape watercolourist.	Peter Alexander Hay	1952
date of death	Ernest Melville Charles Guest DFC (May 1920 -- 4 October 1943) was a Southern Rhodesian Royal Air Force pilot of the Second World War.	Ernest Melville Charles Guest	4 October 1943
date of death	Andargachew Messai (25 March 1902 - 16 August 1981) was an Ethiopian diplomat and the husband of Princess Tenagnework Haile Selassie of Ethiopia, the eldest child of Emperor Haile Selassie and Empress Menen Asfaw.	Andargachew Messai	16 August 1981
date of death	Pierre-Philippe Thomire (1751--1843) a French sculptor, was the most prominent bronzier, or producer of ornamental patinated and gilt-bronze objects and furniture mounts of the First French Empire.	Pierre-Philippe Thomire	1843
date of death	Shunkan (俊寛) (c. 1143 -- 1179) was a Japanese monk who, after taking part in the Shishigatani plot to overthrow Taira no Kiyomori, was exiled along with two others to Kikai-ga-shima.	Shunkan	1179
date of death	Lê Văn Hưu (1230--1322) was an historian of the Trần Dynasty.	Lê Văn Hưu	1322
date of death	Ivan Fredericks (1864--1904), known as Russian Jack (Русский Джек), was a goldminer of the Western Australian gold rush in the 1880s.	Russian Jack	1904
date of death	Rev. Hon. Edward Lyttelton (23 July 1855 -- 26 January 1942) was an English sportsman, schoolmaster and cleric from the Lyttelton family.	Edward Lyttelton	26 January 1942
date of death	Sam Ybarra (1945-1982) was a United States Army soldier who served in the Tiger Force commando unit attached to the 101st Airborne Division during the Vietnam War.	Sam Ybarra	1982
date of death	Gerry Henry (5 October 1920 -- 1979) was a professional footballer who played for Leeds United, Bradford Park Avenue, Sheffield Wednesday and Halifax Town.	Gerry Henry	1979
date of death	Christine Sophie von Gähler, née von Ahlefeldt, (1745 -- 18 July 1792), was a Danish noble and courtier, known for her love life and unconventional life style, known in history as one of the Three Graces of the Danish royal court.	Christine Sophie von Gähler	18 July 1792
date of death	Ananus ben Ananus (Hebrew: חנן בן חנן Hanan ben Hanan Greek: Ἀνάνου Ἄνανος ``Ananos son of Ananos'' var: Ananias, Latin: Anani Ananus or Ananus filius Anani), d. 68 CE, was a Herodian-era High Priest of Israel in Jerusalem, Iudaea Province.	Ananus ben Ananus	68
date of death	Cellach Cualann mac Gerthidi (died 715) was the last Uí Máil king of Leinster.	Cellach Cualann	715
date of death	William Strang, 1st Baron Strang GCMG KCB MBE (2 January 1893 -- 27 May 1978) was a British diplomat who served as a leading adviser to the British Government from the 1930s to the 1950s and as Permanent Under-Secretary at the Foreign Office from 1949 to 1953.	William Strang, 1st Baron Strang	27 May 1978
date of death	Joost Baljeu (1 November 1925 -- 1 July 1991) was a Dutch painter, sculptor and writer.	Joost Baljeu	1 July 1991
date of death	Mariyam Kaba'afa'anu Rani Kilege (died 1691), was a Sultana consort of the Maldives, married to sultan Ibrahim Iskander I of the Maldives.	Mariyam Kaba'afa'anu Rani Kilege	1691
date of death	Thomas Sparke (1548--1616) was an English clergyman, who represented the Puritan point of view both at the 1584 Lambeth Conference and the 1604 Hampton Court Conference.	Thomas Sparke	1616
date of death	Andrew Rutherford, 1st Earl of Teviot (died 4 May 1664; sometimes spelt ``Rutherfurd'') was a Scottish soldier.	Andrew Rutherford, 1st Earl of Teviot	4 May 1664
date of death	Petar Zinaić (died 2008 in Belgrade at the age of 90) was a Serb Partisan who was the first member of the force to be investigated for war crimes by the Republic of Croatia.	Petar Zinaić	2008
date of death	Acting Captain Michael Floud Blaney GC (14 November 1910 -- 13 December 1940), known as Max Blaney, was posthumously awarded the George Cross for defusing enemy bombs during the Blitz in 1940.	Max Blaney	13 December 1940
date of death	Thomas Boleyn, 1st Earl of Wiltshire, 1st Earl of Ormond, 1st Viscount Rochford KG KB (c. 1477 -- 12 March 1539) was an English diplomat and politician in the Tudor era.	Thomas Boleyn, 1st Earl of Wiltshire	12 March 1539
date of death	Henriette Louise de Bourbon (Henriette Louise Marie Françoise Gabrielle; 15 January 1703 -- 19 September 1772) was a French Princess by birth and a member of the House of Bourbon.	Henriette Louise de Bourbon	19 September 1772
date of death	Archibald Seton (1758- 30 March 1818) was a Scottish East India Company colonial administrator, Resident and Civil servant.	Archibald Seton	30 March 1818
date of death	James Sterling Tippett (September 7, 1885 in Memphis, Missouri -- 1958) was an American educator and children's writer.	James Sterling Tippett	1958
date of death	Baron Johann Wilhelm von Müller (4 March 1824 -- 24 October 1866) was a German ornithologist and explorer.	Johann Wilhelm von Müller	24 October 1866
date of death	João Rodrigues Esteves (c. 1700--c. 1751) was a portuguese composer of religious music.	João Rodrigues Esteves	1751
date of death	Arvid Kurck (also known as Arvid Kurki, born 1464 in Vesilahti, died 22 July 1522 in Öregrund) was the Roman Catholic Bishop of Turku from 1510 to 1522.	Arvid Kurck	22 July 1522
date of death	Adityawarman then founded the royal dynasty of Minangkabau in Pagarruyung and presided over the central Sumatra region to take control of the gold trade between 1347 and 1375.	Adityawarman	1375
date of death	Frank O'Connor (born Michael Francis O'Donovan; 17 September 1903 -- 10 March 1966) was an Irish writer of over 150 works, best known for his short stories and memoirs.	Frank O'Connor	10 March 1966
date of death	Bertha Felicitas Sophie Freifrau von Suttner (Baroness Bertha von Suttner, née Countess Kinsky, Gräfin Kinsky von Wchinitz und Tettau; 9 June 1843 -- 21 June 1914) was a Czech-Austrian pacifist and novelist.	Bertha von Suttner	21 June 1914
date of death	Peter Handford (21 March 1919 -- 6 November 2007) was an English location sound recordist.	Peter Handford	6 November 2007
date of death	Henrik Bech (c.1718 -- 1776) was a Danish-born wood carver who settled in Norway from around 1750.	Henrik Bech	1776
date of death	Charles James Apperley (1777 -- 19 May 1843), English sportsman and sporting writer, better known as Nimrod, the pseudonym under which he published his works on the chase and on the turf, was born at Plasgronow, near Wrexham, in Denbighshire, North Wales in 1777.	Charles James Apperley	19 May 1843
date of death	Sisto Fabri (1540--1594) was a theologian and canon lawyer of the Dominican Order who was appointed Master of the Sacred Palace by Pope Gregory XIII serving from 1580 to 1583, and Master of the Order of Preachers from 1583 to 1589.	Sisto Fabri	1594
date of death	Sahana Devi (Bengali: সাহানা দেবী) (1897--1990) was an Indian singer, she was a widely listened to singer of Rabindra Sangeet.	Sahana Devi	1990
date of death	Sir John Finet or Finett (1571--1641) was the English Master of the Ceremonies in the Stuart court.	John Finet	1641
date of death	Keith Falconer Fletcher was born in Altamont, New York, on September 24, 1900 and died in Modesto, California, in 1987.	Keith Falconer Fletcher	1987
date of death	Adam Opel (9 May 1837 -- 8 September 1895) was the founder of the German automobile company Adam Opel AG.	Adam Opel	8 September 1895
date of death	Dharma Manikya II (ruled 1714-1733) was the king of Tripura Kingdom from 1714 until 1733, although his power was greatly diminished in 1732 with the rise to power of Jagat Manikya with the aid of the Nawab of Bengal, Shuja-ud-Din Muhammad Khan.	Dharma Manikya II	1733
date of death	Ifor Pritchard (1940 - 9 October 2010) was an artist and former art teacher predominantly at Ysgol Sir Huw Owen, Caernarfon in North Wales, retiring in 1992.	Ifor Pritchard	9 October 2010
date of death	Alija Alijagić (Serbian Cyrillic: Алија Алијагић; 1896 -- 8 March 1922) was a Bosnian communist and assassin known for murdering Milorad Drašković.	Alija Alijagić	8 March 1922
date of death	Dr Ronald Ian Currie FRSE CBE (1928-1996) was a Scottish marine biologist.	Ronald Ian Currie	1996
date of death	Edward Montagu, 1st Baron Montagu of Boughton KB (aka Sir Knight Edward Montague of Boughton Castle) (1563 -- 15 June 1644) was an English politician.	Edward Montagu, 1st Baron Montagu of Boughton	15 June 1644
date of death	Archibald Paton Thornton (1921 -- 19 February 2004) was an academic and historian.	Archibald Paton Thornton	19 February 2004
date of death	Sofia Lovisa Gråå née Palm, (1749 -- 8 May 1835) was a Swedish educator of actors, and noted for innovations that in modern times would be described as feminist.	Sofia Lovisa Gråå	8 May 1835
date of death	Sir William Scott, 6th Baronet (26 July 1803 -- 12 October 1871) was a Scottish Liberal politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1829 to 1830 and 1859 to 1870.	Sir William Scott, 6th Baronet	12 October 1871
date of death	Aditya I (c. 870 -- c. 907 CE), the son of Vijayalaya, was the Chola king who extended the Chola dominions by the conquest of the Pallavas and occupied the Western Ganga Kingdom.	Aditya I	907
date of death	William Douglas Allen (27 July 1914 -- 7 May 2008) was a physicist and electrical engineer.	William Douglas Allen	7 May 2008
date of death	Sir Nicholas de Loveyne (died 24 September 1375) was a major English property owner and courtier, who held a number of senior positions in the service of King Edward III.	Sir Nicholas de Loveyne	24 September 1375
date of death	Marjorie Best (10 April 1903 -- 14 June 1997) was an American Hollywood costume designer best known for her period designs.	Marjorie Best	14 June 1997
date of death	Friedrich Gabriel Sulzer (10 October 1749 -- 14 December 1830) was a German physician from Gotha, Thuringia.	Friedrich Gabriel Sulzer	14 December 1830
date of death	Sir Bevis Bulmer (1536--1615) was an English mining engineer during the reigns of Elizabeth I and James I. He has been called 'one of the great speculators of that era'.	Bevis Bulmer	1615
date of death	Stanley Dimbleby (27 November 1916 -- 17 October 1992) was an English footballer who played at left-half for Hull City and Port Vale.	Stanley Dimbleby	17 October 1992
date of death	William E. Henry (1918--1994) was an American psychologist who worked on projective personality assessment, particularly in relation to executive leadership.	William E. Henry	1994
date of death	Jean Balthasar Tricklir (1750 -- 29 November 1813) was a French cellist and composer of German descent.	Jean Balthasar Tricklir	29 November 1813
date of death	Jacob Stainer (c. 1619 -- 1683) was the earliest and best known Austrian luthier.	Jacob Stainer	1683
date of death	John Arnull (1753-1815) was an English flat racing jockey.	John Arnull	1815
date of death	Dennis Griffiths (8 December 1933 -- 24 December 2015) was a British journalist and newspaper historian.	Dennis Griffiths	24 December 2015
date of death	Johanna Magdalena Catharina Judith van Dorth (7 May 1747, Warnsveld - 22 November 1799, Winterswijk), known as Freule Van Dorth (Lady of Dorth), was a Dutch orangist and aristocrat.	Judith van Dorth	22 November 1799
date of death	Mosalikanti Thirumala Rao (Telugu: మొసలికంటి తిరుమలరావు) (b: 29 January 1901 - d: 1970) was an Indian freedom activist and Parliament member.	Mosalikanti Thirumala Rao	1970
date of death	Dejazmatch Haregot Abbai (Abay) KCVO (Knight Commander of the Victorian Order) (1909-1979) was an Eritrean businessman and politician.	Haregot Abbai	1979
date of death	Luigi Pistilli (19 July 1929 -- 21 April 1996) was an Italian actor of stage, screen, and television.	Luigi Pistilli	21 April 1996
date of death	Sir David Napley (25 July 1915 -- 24 September 1994) was an English solicitor.	David Napley	24 September 1994
date of death	Joachim Sadrozinski (9 September 1907 -- 29 September 1944) was a German officer who took part in the 20 July plot.	Joachim Sadrozinski	29 September 1944
date of death	Louis Philippe de Bombelles (German: Ludwig Philipp von Bombelles; 1 July 1780 - 7 July 1843) was an Austrian count and diplomat.	Louis Philippe de Bombelles	1843
date of death	Robert Priday (29 March 1925 -- 30 September 1998) was a South African footballer who played as a midfielder for Liverpool F.C. in The Football League.	Robert Priday	30 September 1998
date of death	Melvin H. Ribble (11 January 1870 Nodaway, Iowa -- 3 May 1964 Lincoln, Nebraska) was an American cornetist, baritone hornist, and prolific composer and arranger of concert band music.	Melvin H. Ribble	1964
date of death	Mohammed Kaghat (1942--2001) is a Moroccan playwright, actor and stage director.	Mohammed Kaghat	2001
date of death	Alberto Collo (6 May 1883 -- 7 May 1955) was an Italian actor who appeared in more than a hundred and thirty films during his career, mostly during the silent era.	Alberto Collo	7 May 1955
date of death	Gertrude Bugler (1897 -- 1992) was a British stage actress of the Edwardian Era best known for acting in plays adapted by Thomas Hardy.	Gertrude Bugler	1992
date of death	Henry de Vere, 18th Earl of Oxford KB (24 February 1593 -- June 1625) was an English aristocrat, courtier and soldier.	Henry de Vere, 18th Earl of Oxford	June 1625
date of death	Ladislau de Souza Mello Netto (1838--1894) was a Brazilian botanist and director of the Brazilian National Museum in Rio de Janeiro.	Ladislau de Souza Mello Netto	1894
date of death	Pieter Harting (27 February 1812 -- 3 December 1885) was a Dutch biologist and naturalist, born in Rotterdam.	Pieter Harting	3 December 1885
date of death	Agnes Marion McLean Walsh (née Gibson; 10 June 1884 -- 12 August 1967) was head matron of King Edward Memorial Hospital, a Western Australian maternity hospital.	Agnes Marion McLean Walsh	12 August 1967
date of death	James Hinks (born 1829 in Mullingar, Ireland - died 1878) bred and named the English Bull Terrier in the 1860s, as well as the English White Terrier.	James Hinks	1878
date of death	Tom Sadlier (21 February 1890 -- 26 July 1960) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Fitzroy and Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Tom Sadlier	26 July 1960
date of death	Paul Emmert (1826-1867), who is also known as Paul Emert, was an artist born near Berne, Switzerland in 1826.	Paul Emmert	1867
date of death	Saint Henry Morse (1595 -- 1 February 1645) was one of the Catholic Forty Martyrs of England and Wales.	Henry Morse	1 February 1645
date of death	Florent le Comte (1655 -- 1712), was a French writer and engraver.	Florent le Comte	1712
date of death	Waheed uz-Zaman Kiranawi (Arabic: وحيد الزمان‎) (1930 - 1995) was an Sunni Islamic scholar from India.	Waheed uz-Zaman	1995
date of death	Gulielmus Bucanus (Guillaume Du Buc, in English William Bucanus) (died 1603) was a Swiss-French Calvinist theologian.	Gulielmus Bucanus	1603
date of death	Bernard Youens (born Bernard Arthur Popley; 28 December 1914 -- 27 August 1984) was an English character actor, best remembered for his portrayal of the workshy, beer-swilling Stan Ogden in Coronation Street from 1964 until his death in 1984.	Bernard Youens	27 August 1984
date of death	Marjorie Lynette Sigley (22 December 1928 -- 13 August 1997), also known as Sigi, was an English artist, writer, actress, teacher, choreographer, theatre director and television producer.	Marjorie Lynette Sigley	13 August 1997
date of death	The Honourable Sir Humphrey Maud KCMG (17 April 1934 -- 10 November 2013) was a British diplomat.	Humphrey Maud	10 November 2013
date of death	Julius Hirsch (7 April 1892 -- declared dead 8 May 1945) was a German international footballer who was killed during the Holocaust.	Julius Hirsch	8 May 1945
date of death	Carlo Ignazio Monza (c. 1680 or 1696 - 9 May 1739) was an Italian composer.	Carlo Ignazio Monza	9 May 1739
date of death	Christopher Deighton (died 1605) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1572 and 1605.	Christopher Deighton	1605
date of death	François Deguelt (born Louis Deghelt, 4 December 1932 -- 22 January 2014) was a French singer, best known for his participation on behalf of Monaco in the Eurovision Song Contests of 1960 and 1962.	François Deguelt	22 January 2014
date of death	Sir George Francis Hill KCB (22 December 1867--18 October 1948) was the Director and Principal Librarian of the British Museum (1931--1936).	George Francis Hill	18 October 1948
date of death	James Bertie, 1st Earl of Abingdon (16 June 1653 -- 22 May 1699), styled Hon. James Bertie until 1657 and known as the 5th Baron Norreys from 1657 until 1682, was an English nobleman.	James Bertie, 1st Earl of Abingdon	22 May 1699
date of death	Rosalie von Rauch (Rosalie Wilhelmine Johanna; 29 August 1820 -- 5 March 1879), was a German noblewoman and since 1853, Countess of Hohenau.	Rosalie von Rauch	5 March 1879
date of death	Marie Hicks (December 20, 1923 -- 19 April 2007) was an African American civil rights activist best known for leading thousands of pickets in 1965-1966 around the wall at Girard College.	Marie Hicks	19 April 2007
date of death	Iovan Tsaous (Greek: Γιοβάν Τσαούς, from the Turkish word çavuş, meaning ``sergeant'') (1893--1942), was a Greek musician and composer of rebetiko songs from Pontus.	Iovan Tsaous	1942
developer	Tombs & Treasure (Taiyou no Shinden Asteka II in Japan) is an adventure game originally developed by Nihon Falcom in 1987 for the PC-8801, PC-9801, FM-7 and X1 Japanese computer systems.	Tombs & Treasure	Nihon Falcom
developer	NFL '97 is a follow-up video game to Sega's classic Joe Montana series on the Sega Mega Drive/Genesis.	NFL '97	Sega
developer	Nervous Brickdown (known as SuperLite 2500 Brickdown and published by Success in Japan) is a breakout clone video game developed by the French team Arkedo Studio and published by Eidos Interactive for Nintendo DS.	Nervous Brickdown	Arkedo Studio
developer	RealSports Boxing is a boxing based video game developed by Atari and released in 1987 for the Atari 2600.	RealSports Boxing	Atari
developer	Pipe Mania is a puzzle game developed in 1989 by The Assembly Line for the Amiga.	Pipe Mania	The Assembly Line
director	The Gay Nighties is a 1933 American Pre-Code comedy film featuring Clark & McCullough and directed by Mark Sandrich.	The Gay Nighties	Mark Sandrich
director	Rahtree Reborn (Thai: บุปผาราตรี 3.1) (also known as Buppah Rahtree 3.1) is a 2009 Thai comedy-horror film written and directed by Yuthlert Sippapak.	Rahtree Reborn	Yuthlert Sippapak
director	Money Movers is a 1978 Australian crime action drama film directed by Bruce Beresford.	Money Movers	Bruce Beresford
director	Everything's Ducky is a 1961 comedy film directed by Don Taylor and written by Benedict Freedman annd John Fenton Murray.	Everything's Ducky	Don Taylor
director	Second Best Bed is a 1938 British comedy film directed by Tom Walls and starring Walls, Jane Baxter and Veronica Rose.	Second Best Bed	Tom Walls
educated at	That year, H.D. attended Bryn Mawr College to study Greek literature, but left after only three terms due to poor grades and the excuse of poor health.	H.D.	Bryn Mawr College
educated at	Ivan Petrella holds a Bachelor's degree from Georgetown University's School of Foreign Service, a Masters of Theological Studies from Harvard Divinity School and a Ph.D. in Religion and Law from Harvard University's Committee on the Study of Religion in the Graduate School of Arts and Sciences.	Ivan Petrella	Harvard University
educated at	Angela Hill grew up in Corpus Christi, Texas and graduated from the University of Texas at Austin in 1972 with a Bachelor of Arts degree in Journalism.	Angela Hill	University of Texas at Austin
educated at	After his education, Raymond Barre was professor of economics at Institut d'Etudes Politiques de Paris (Sciences Po).	Raymond Barre	Sciences Po
educated at	Donald Malcolm Maxwell (b 1934, Watford, England - d 2007, Scottsdale, Arizona) was the 19th President of Pacific Union College.	Malcolm Maxwell	Pacific Union College
employer	Eli Upfal is a computer science researcher currently a professor in the computer science department at Brown University.	Eli Upfal	Brown University
employer	Saadi Lahlou is Professor in Social Psychology, in the Department of Social Psychology at the London School of Economics.	Saadi Lahlou	London School of Economics
employer	Owen Bennett-Jones is a freelance British journalist and one of the hosts of Newshour on the BBC World Service.	Owen Bennett-Jones	BBC
employer	Robert W. Brodersen (born November 1, 1945) is a professor of electrical engineering, now emeritus, and a founder of the Berkeley Wireless Research Center (BWRC) at the University of California, Berkeley.	Robert W. Brodersen	University of California, Berkeley
employer	Heinrich Rombach (10 June 1923 in Freiburg im Breisgau -- 5 February 2004 in Würzburg) was a German philosopher and professor of philosophy at the University of Würzburg.	Heinrich Rombach	University of Würzburg
employer	Franco P. Preparata is a computer scientist, the An Wang Professor, Emeritus, of Computer Science at Brown University.	Franco P. Preparata	Brown University
employer	Barbara Sturgeon is a British radio presenter and winner of two Sony Radio Awards for a show she presented on BBC Radio Kent during the 1980s.	Barbara Sturgeon	BBC
employer	Boaventura de Sousa Santos is a Professor at the School of Economics at the University of Coimbra, Distinguished Legal Scholar at the University of Wisconsin-Madison Law School, Global Legal Scholar at the University of Warwick and Director of the Centre for Social Studies (CES) at the University of Coimbra.	Boaventura de Sousa Santos	University of Warwick
employer	Marco Keiner (* 13. April 1963 in Überlingen, Germany) is Director, Environment, Housing and Land Management Division at the United Nations Economic Commission for Europe (UNECE).	Marco Keiner	United Nations
employer	L. John Doerr (born June 29, 1951) is an American venture capitalist at Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers in Menlo Park, California, in Silicon Valley.	John Doerr	Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers
employer	Harold Garfinkel (October 29, 1917 -- April 21, 2011) was an American sociologist, ethnomethodologist, and a Professor Emeritus at the University of California, Los Angeles.	Harold Garfinkel	University of California, Los Angeles
employer	Bruno Bosteels (Dutch: (ˈbɔsteːls); born 1967, Leuven, Belgium) is a literary critic, a translator, and Professor of Romance Studies at Cornell University.	Bruno Bosteels	Cornell University
employer	Bo Asplund currently serves as United Nations Secretary-General's Deputy Special Representative for Afghanistan, the United Nations Resident Coordinator and the Humanitarian Coordinator in Afghanistan.	Bo Asplund	United Nations
employer	Pierre L. van den Berghe (born 1933) is professor emeritus of sociology and anthropology at the University of Washington, where he has worked since 1965.	Pierre L. van den Berghe	University of Washington
employer	John Castell (aka John Castle) (c.1280--1426) was a Master of University College, Oxford, and later a Chancellor of the University of Oxford.	John Castell	University of Oxford
employer	Derek Gregory Ph.D. (Cantab) FBA, FRSC (born 1 March 1951) is a British academic and world-renowned geographer who is currently Peter Wall Distinguished Professor and Professor of Geography at the University of British Columbia in Vancouver.	Derek Gregory	University of British Columbia
employer	Fred W. Friendly (October 30, 1915 -- March 3, 1998) was a president of CBS News and the creator, along with Edward R. Murrow, of the documentary television program See It Now.	Fred W. Friendly	CBS
employer	David E. Spencer is a professor of economics at Brigham Young University.	David E. Spencer	Brigham Young University
employer	Robert Melson (born 1937) is professor emeritus of political science and a member of the Jewish studies program at Purdue University, in Indiana, United States.	Robert Melson	Purdue University
employer	Hamid Mirzadeh (Persian: حمید میرزاده, born November 29, 1950) is an Iranian politician and academic who is the 3rd and current president of the Islamic Azad University system.	Hamid Mirzadeh	Islamic Azad University
employer	Brad Buckley (born 1952 in Sydney) is an artist, activist, urbanist and Professor of Contemporary Art and Culture at Sydney College of the Arts, University of Sydney.	Brad Buckley	University of Sydney
employer	Uk Heo is a professor of political science in the University of Wisconsin-- Milwaukee.	Uk Heo	University of Wisconsin-- Milwaukee
employer	Maria Mavroudi (born 1967) is a history professor at University of California, Berkeley.	Maria Mavroudi	University of California, Berkeley
employer	Maged N. Kamel Boulos is a British health informatician, scientist and Professor of Digital Health currently based at the Alexander Graham Bell Centre of Digital Health, University of the Highlands and Islands, having worked before that at the University of Plymouth, at the University of Bath and at City University London.	Maged N. Kamel Boulos	City University London
employer	Keith DeRose (born April 24, 1962) is an American philosopher teaching at Yale University in New Haven, Connecticut, where he is currently Allison Foundation Professor of Philosophy.	Keith DeRose	Yale University
employer	Ernst Mohr was a professor of mechanical engineering at the University of Wuppertal.	Ernst Mohr	University of Wuppertal
employer	Shrawan Kumar is the John R. and Louise S. Parker distinguished professor of mathematics at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill.	Shrawan Kumar	University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill
employer	Abdul Kamara is the United Nations Joint Special Representative in Darfur.	Abdul Kamara	United Nations
employer	Patchen Markell (born August 30, 1969) is an associate professor of political science at the University of Chicago.	Patchen Markell	University of Chicago
employer	Paul Pierson (born 1959) is a professor of political science and holder of the John Gross Endowed Chair of Political Science (and he holds/held the Avice Saint Chair of Public Policy) at the University of California, Berkeley.	Paul Pierson	University of California, Berkeley
employer	Hernán Lara Zavala (born 28 February 1946) is a Mexican novelist and academic at the National Autonomous University of Mexico.	Hernán Lara Zavala	National Autonomous University of Mexico
employer	Edward Loranus Rice (1871-1960) was a biologist and educator who served as the acting president of Ohio Wesleyan University.	Edward Loranus Rice	Wesleyan University
employer	Leon Katz (born July 10, 1919) is professor emeritus of drama at Yale University.	Leon Katz	Yale University
employer	Murray Rosenblatt (born September 7, 1926) is a statistician specializing in time series analysis who is a professor of mathematics at the University of California, San Diego.	Murray Rosenblatt	University of California, San Diego
employer	Huỳnh Công Út, known professionally as Nick Ut (born March 29, 1951), is a photographer for the Associated Press (AP) who works out of Los Angeles.	Nick Ut	Associated Press
employer	Kate McAll is Executive Producer, Radio Drama at BBC Wales.	Kate McAll	BBC
employer	Alfonso Gómez-Lobo (January 1, 1940 -- December 31, 2011) was a professor of metaphysics and moral philosophy at Georgetown University known for his critical evaluations of modern day ethics.	Alfonso Gómez-Lobo	Georgetown University
employer	Lenni Montiel is the United Nations Assistant Secretary-General for Economic Development in the Department of Economic and Social Affairs.	Lenni Montiel	United Nations
employer	Hugh Heclo (born 1943) is a Clarence J. Robinson Professor of Public Affairs at George Mason University, in the United States.	Hugh Heclo	George Mason University
employer	Richard T. Sullivan (died 1981) was a novelist, short-story writer, and member of the faculty of the University of Notre Dame.	Richard T. Sullivan	University of Notre Dame
employer	Nihad Awad (Arabic: نهاد عوض) is the Executive Director and Founder of the Council on American-Islamic Relations (CAIR).	Nihad Awad	Council on American-Islamic Relations
employer	Bernhard Gröschel studied Slavic Studies, General Linguistics, Phonetics and Communication Studies at the University of Bonn.	Bernhard Gröschel	University of Bonn
employer	Michael Brian Cookson OBE (born 22 June 1951) is the president of the Union Cycliste Internationale (UCI), having been elected to the post in September 2013.	Brian Cookson	Union Cycliste Internationale
employer	Joseph L. Armstrong was a professor at Duke University (at the time, called ``Trinity College'') best known for reforming Duke's curriculum in the late nineteenth century, changing it to a German research university model with the help of John Franklin Crowell.	Joseph L. Armstrong	Duke University
employer	A. Michael Noll (born 1939, Newark, New Jersey) is an American engineer, and professor emeritus at the Annenberg School for Communication and Journalism at the University of Southern California.	A. Michael Noll	University of Southern California
employer	Allan H. MacDonald is an theoretical condensed matter physicist and the Sid W. Richardson Foundation Regents Chair Professor of Physics at The University of Texas at Austin.	Allan H. MacDonald	University of Texas at Austin
employer	Bhubaneswar Mishra (or Bud Mishra, born 9 November 1961) is an Indian American computer scientist and professor at the Courant Institute of Mathematical Sciences of New York University.	Bud Mishra	New York University
employer	Lonnie D. Bentley (born 1957) is an American computer scientist, and Professor and former Department Head of Computer and Information Technology at Purdue University, known with Kevin C. Dittman and Jeffrey L. Whitten as co-author of the textbook Systems Analysis and Design Methods, which is now in its 7th edition.	Lonnie D. Bentley	Purdue University
employer	Daniel Fessler is a Professor of Biological Anthropology at the University of California, Los Angeles, working in the fields of evolutionary psychology, evolutionary anthropology, and evolutionary medicine.	Daniel Fessler	University of California, Los Angeles
employer	Joseph Blenkinsopp, an academic theologian and Old Testament scholar, is the John A. O'Brien Professor Emeritus of Biblical Studies in the Department of Theology at the University of Notre Dame.	Joseph Blenkinsopp	University of Notre Dame
employer	Fergus Nicoll is a journalist and author, currently presenting Business Matters on the BBC World Service.	Fergus Nicoll	BBC
employer	Demetrios Bernardakis (Greek: Δημήτριος Βερναρδάκης, Dimitrios Vernardakis, also transliterated Dimitrios Bernardakis, Mytilene 3 December 1833--25 January 1907) was a polymath writer and Professor of History at the National and Kapodistrian University of Athens.	Demetrios Bernardakis	National and Kapodistrian University of Athens
employer	Laurie N. Gottlieb, RN, PhD, is a Professor, School of Nursing, McGill University, Montreal, Canada, where she holds the Flora Madeline Shaw Chair of Nursing.	Laurie N. Gottlieb	McGill University
employer	Victor Lange (13 July 1908 -- 29 June 1996) was a renowned Germanist, known primarily for his work at Princeton University.	Victor Lange	Princeton University
employer	David Cooperrider (born July 14, 1954) grew up in Oak Park Illinois, and is the Fairmount Minerals Chair and Professor of Social Entrepreneurship at the Weatherhead School of Management at Case Western Reserve University, and Faculty Director at the Center for Business as an Agent of World Benefit at Case.	David Cooperrider	Case Western Reserve University
employer	Andrew McCallum is a professor and researcher in the computer science department at University of Massachusetts Amherst.	Andrew McCallum	University of Massachusetts Amherst
employer	Arthur Gordon Clough (26 August 1934, Salford, Lancashire -- 6 April 1996, London), was an English radio presenter and journalist, primarily known for his work on BBC Radio 4.	Gordon Clough	BBC
employer	Eric Ober is an American broadcasting executive who served as president of CBS News from 1990 to 1996 and of Food Network from 1997 to 2000.	Eric Ober	CBS
employer	Karel Jungwiert (born 1 November 1944) is a Czech lawyer, and has been the Judge of the European Court of Human Rights in respect of the Czech Republic since the country's accession to the Council of Europe in 1993.	Karel Jungwiert	European Court of Human Rights
employer	Reginald Gibbons (born 1947) is an American poet, fiction writer, translator, literary critic, artist, and Professor of English, Classics, and Spanish and Portuguese at the Northwestern University School of Professional Studies.	Reginald Gibbons	Northwestern University
employer	James Mabbe or Mab (1572--1642) was an English scholar and poet, and a Fellow of Magdalen College, Oxford.	James Mabbe	Magdalen College
employer	Jonathan Lear is the John U. Nef Distinguished Service Professor in the Committee on Social Thought, professor of philosophy, and Roman Family Director of the Neubauer Collegium on Culture and Society at the University of Chicago.	Jonathan Lear	University of Chicago
employer	Joseph Henrich holds the Canada Research Chair in Culture, Cognition and Coevolution at the University of British Columbia, where he is a professor in the departments of psychology and economics.	Joseph Henrich	University of British Columbia
employer	Thomas A. DuBois is a Folklorist, scholar of Sámi culture, and a professor at the University of Wisconsin-- Madison.	Thomas A. DuBois	University of Wisconsin-- Madison
employer	Ian Bartlett is a horse racing commentator and occasionally was an analyst for the BBC.	Ian Bartlett	BBC
employer	Magdalena Środa (née Magdalena Ciupak, b. January 7, 1957 in Warsaw) is a Polish philosopher, professor of ethics at the University of Warsaw, and a feminist author.	Magdalena Środa	University of Warsaw
employer	Sverre Steen (1 August 1898 -- 23 June 1983) was a Norwegian historian, a professor at the University of Oslo, and known to the public through his radio series Langsomt ble landet vårt eget.	Sverre Steen	University of Oslo
employer	Susan Brantly is an American scholar in Scandinavian literature and a professor at the University of Wisconsin-- Madison.	Susan Brantly	University of Wisconsin-- Madison
employer	Jaegwon Kim (born September 12, 1934) is a Korean-American philosopher who is now an emeritus professor at Brown University, but who also taught at several other leading American universities.	Jaegwon Kim	Brown University
employer	Ingrid Eide (born 12 July 1933 in Oslo) is a Norwegian sociologist, United Nations official and politician for the Labour Party.	Ingrid Eide	United Nations
employer	Rao S. Govindaraju is the Christopher B. and Susan S. Burke Professor of Civil Engineering at Purdue University.	Rao S. Govindaraju	Purdue University
employer	Mark Doyle is a former world affairs correspondent for BBC News.	Mark Doyle	BBC
employer	Howard M. Bahr has been a professor of Sociology at Brigham Young University (BYU) since 1973 and was director of field research for the Middletown IV study in 1999.	Howard M. Bahr	Brigham Young University
employer	Lin He (born 1975) is an associate professor of cell and developmental biology at the University of California, Berkeley, in the Department of Molecular and Cell Biology, where she leads a lab focusing on identifying non-coding RNA which may play a role in tumorigenesis and tumor maintenance.	Lin He	University of California, Berkeley
employer	Frederick Michael Burdekin OBE, FREng, FRS is a British civil engineer, and emeritus professor at University of Manchester Institute of Science and Technology.	Michael Burdekin	University of Manchester
employer	Hans M. Kristensen (born April 7, 1961) is director of the Nuclear Information Project at the Federation of American Scientists.	Hans M. Kristensen	Federation of American Scientists
employer	A former research assistant professor at the University of New Mexico in Albuquerque, Dr. Rebecca W. Keller worked in the molecular biology field.	Rebecca W. Keller	University of New Mexico
employer	John Pickstone (29 May 1944 -- 12 February 2014) was a British historian of science and the Wellcome Research Professor in the Centre for the History of science, Technology and Medicine, in the Faculty of Life Sciences of the University of Manchester.	John Pickstone	University of Manchester
employer	Daniel Langton is Professor of the History of Jewish-Christian Relation in the department of Religions & Theology at the University of Manchester, England.	Daniel Langton	University of Manchester
employer	Allyne L. Merrill (1863 -- February 26, 1941) was an American physicist who served as faculty secretary of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) from 1906 to June 1934.	Allyne L. Merrill	Massachusetts Institute of Technology
employer	Christina Jutterström (born March 27, 1940) is a Swedish journalist, former chief editor for Dagens Nyheter between 1982 and 1995 and for Expressen between 1995 and 1996.	Christina Jutterström	Dagens Nyheter
employer	Jean-Dominique Merchet (born in Besançon, 26 October 1959) is a French journalist working for Marianne.	Jean-Dominique Merchet	Marianne
employer	Cheshire Calhoun is Professor of Philosophy at Arizona State University and research professor at the Center for the Philosophy of Freedom at the University of Arizona.	Cheshire Calhoun	University of Arizona
employer	Jeff Greenberg is a social psychology professor at the University of Arizona.	Jeff Greenberg	University of Arizona
employer	Étienne Fourmont (Chinese: 傅爾蒙; pinyin: Fù Ěrméng; 23 June 1683 -- 8 December 1745) was a French scholar and Orientalist who served as professor of Arabic at the Collège de France and published grammars on the Arabic, Hebrew, and Chinese languages.	Étienne Fourmont	Collège de France
employer	Richard Huxtable (born 1974) is the Deputy Director and Professor in Medical Ethics and Law at the Centre for Ethics in Medicine, at the University of Bristol.	Richard Huxtable	University of Bristol
employer	Hilary Cunningham Scharper is a novelist and associate professor of cultural anthropology at the University of Toronto.	Hilary Cunningham Scharper	University of Toronto
employer	Aseem Prakash is Professor of Political Science and the Walker Family Professor for the Arts and Sciences at University of Washington-Seattle.	Aseem Prakash	University of Washington
employer	Sucharit Sarkar (born in 1983 in Calcutta) is an assistant Professor at Princeton University.	Sucharit Sarkar	Princeton University
employer	William Andrew Irwin (1884-1967) was Professor of Old Testament Languages and Literature at the University of Chicago and Southern Methodist University, where his papers can be found today.	William Andrew Irwin	University of Chicago
employer	Sid Gilman is a neurologist and expert on Alzheimer's disease at the University of Michigan.	Sid Gilman	University of Michigan
employer	Irwin Weil (born 1928) is a Professor Emeritus in the Department of Slavic Languages and Literature at Northwestern University.	Irwin Weil	Northwestern University
employer	Henry Courtenay Fenn, more commonly known as H. C. Fenn, (February 26, 1894 -- July 1978) was an American sinologist and architect of Yale University's Chinese language program.	Henry Courtenay Fenn	Yale University
employer	Foster Provost is Professor of information systems and NEC Faculty Fellow at New York University's Stern School of Business.	Foster Provost	New York University
employer	Carolyn Quinn (b. 22 July 1961) is a British journalist best known for her work on BBC Radio 4 as a political correspondent and for presenting the Today programme and PM.	Carolyn Quinn	BBC
employer	Angela Cropper (c. 1946 -- 12 November 2012) of Trinidad and Tobago served as Assistant Secretary-General and Deputy Executive Director of the United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP).	Angela Cropper	United Nations
employer	Annette Huber-Klawitter (née Huber, born 23 May 1967) is a German mathematician at the University of Freiburg.	Annette Huber-Klawitter	University of Freiburg
employer	Joanna Aizenberg is a professor of chemistry and chemical biology at Harvard University.	Joanna Aizenberg	Harvard University
employer	Bill Damaschke is an animated film producer and former chief creative officer at DreamWorks Animation.	Bill Damaschke	DreamWorks Animation
employer	Jens Bangsbo is a Danish published author on physiology and sports science, and a scholar in those fields,being a professor at University of Copenhagen.	Jens Bangsbo	University of Copenhagen
employer	Forest Dewey Dodrill (January 26, 1902 -- June 28, 1997) born in Webster Springs, West Virginia was a doctor at Harper University Hospital at Wayne State University in Michigan who performed the first successful open heart surgery using a mechanical pump.	Forest Dewey Dodrill	Wayne State University
employer	Martin Sixsmith (born 24 September 1954) is a British author and radio/television presenter, primarily working for the BBC.	Martin Sixsmith	BBC
employer	Gabriele Oettingen is a Professor of Psychology at New York University and the University of Hamburg.	Gabriele Oettingen	New York University	University of Hamburg
employer	Christopher Dale Pratt (Chinese: 白紀圖), CBE, was the Chairman and Executive Director of Cathay Pacific Airways Limited and Swire Pacific Limited.	Christopher Dale Pratt	Cathay Pacific
employer	Alexander Ebner (born 19 October 1967) is a German social scientist and Professor of Social Economics, esp. Economic Sociology and Political Economy at Goethe University Frankfurt.	Alexander Ebner	Goethe University Frankfurt
employer	Whitney Warren (January 29, 1864 -- April 23, 1943) was an architect with Charles Delevan Wetmore (1866--1941) at Warren and Wetmore in New York City.	Whitney Warren	Warren and Wetmore
employer	Vijay K. Dhir (born 1943) is the former Dean of the University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA) Henry Samueli School of Engineering and Applied Science, holding the position from March 2003 to January 2016.	Vijay K. Dhir	University of California, Los Angeles
employer	Alan Andrew Watson, FRS, (born 26 September 1938 in Edinburgh) is an Emeritus Professor at the University of Leeds, UK.	Alan Andrew Watson	University of Leeds
employer	Percival Everett (born 1956) is an American writer and Distinguished Professor of English at the University of Southern California.	Percival Everett	University of Southern California
employer	Sherry Bebitch Jeffe is a Senior Fellow at the USC Sol Price School of Public Policy at the University of Southern California.	Sherry Bebitch Jeffe	University of Southern California
employer	David Cockburn (born 12 October 1949) studied philosophy at St Andrews and Oxford, and has taught at Swansea, the Open University, and, until 2010, has spent over 30 years at the University of Wales, Lampeter, where he teaches courses on the philosophy of mind, Spinoza, Wittgenstein among others.	David Cockburn	Open University
employer	Bonamy Dobrée (2 February 1891 -- 3 September 1974), British academic, was Professor of English Literature at the University of Leeds from 1936 to 1955.	Bonamy Dobrée	University of Leeds
employer	Friedrich Stadler (born July 17, 1951 in Zeltweg, Styria) is an Austrian historian of science and philosopher of science, and professor for history and philosophy of science at the University of Vienna.	Friedrich Stadler	University of Vienna
employer	John P. Wolfe (born August 12, 1970) is an American chemist and a professor of chemistry at the University of Michigan.	John P. Wolfe	University of Michigan
employer	Luis Villa is an American attorney and programmer, and currently works as Senior Director of Community Engagement at the Wikimedia Foundation.	Luis Villa	Wikimedia Foundation
employer	Hartmut Winkler (born 1953) has been a Professor of Media Studies, Media Theory and Media Arts at the University of Paderborn in Germany since April 1999.	Hartmut Winkler	University of Paderborn
employer	Jean Martirez (born January 19, 1963) is a Filipino-American newscaster who formerly co-anchored the KTTV FOX 11 Morning News for 17 years, with Tony McEwing.	Jean Martirez	KTTV
employer	Leo Marx (born November 15, 1919) was a professor at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and an author known for his works in the field of American studies.	Leo Marx	Massachusetts Institute of Technology
employer	Friedrich Karl Max Vierhapper (7 March 1876 in Weidenau -- 11 July 1932) was an Austrian plant collector, botanist and professor of botany at the University of Vienna.	Friedrich Karl Max Vierhapper	University of Vienna
employer	Edwin Harrison McHenry (January 25, 1859 - August 21, 1931) was the fourth vice-president of the New York, New Haven and Hartford Railroad and first vice-president of the Consolidated Railway of Hartford, Connecticut.	Edwin Harrison McHenry	New York, New Haven and Hartford Railroad
employer	Robert E. Horn (born 1933) is an American political scientist who taught at Harvard, Columbia, and Sheffield (U.K.) universities, and has been a visiting scholar at Stanford University's Center for the Study of Language and Information.	Robert E. Horn	Stanford University
employer	James R. Kincaid is an American academic, currently the Aerol Arnold Professor of English at the University of Southern California.	James R. Kincaid	University of Southern California
employer	Ronald Inden is an American Indologist, and professor emeritus in the Departments of History and of South Asian Languages and Civilizations at the University of Chicago and is a major scholar in South Asian and post-colonial studies.	Ronald Inden	University of Chicago
employer	Jon McKenzie is a Professor of English at the University of Wisconsin-Madison and the Director of the University of Wisconsin-Madison's DesignLab.	Jon McKenzie	University of Wisconsin-Madison
employer	Julian Parkhill (born 1964) FRS is a Head of Pathogen Genomics at the Wellcome Trust Sanger Institute in Cambridge, UK.	Julian Parkhill	Wellcome Trust Sanger Institute
father	Agatha Sangma was born in New Delhi to P. A. Sangma, the former speaker of the Lok Sabha, and Soradini K. Sangma.	Agatha Sangma	P. A. Sangma
father	Genseric was an illegitimate son of King Godigisel; he is assumed to have been born near Lake Balaton (Hungary) around 389.	Genseric	Godigisel
father	Manoj Tuli (born 11 July 1960), better known as Kumar Gaurav, is an Indian film actor and son of late actor Rajendra Kumar.	Kumar Gaurav	Rajendra Kumar
father	Prince Norodom Yuvaneath (born October 17, 1943 in Phnom Penh) is the first son of the late king of Cambodia, Norodom Sihanouk and Princess Sisowath Pongsanmoni.	Norodom Yuvaneath	Norodom Sihanouk
father	Waleran de Beaumont, 4th Earl of Warwick (1153 -- 12 December 1204) was the younger son of Roger de Beaumont, 2nd Earl of Warwick and Gundred de Warrenne, daughter of William de Warenne, 2nd Earl of Surrey and Elizabeth de Vermandois.	Waleran de Beaumont, 4th Earl of Warwick	Roger de Beaumont, 2nd Earl of Warwick
father	Paul Mendelssohn Bartholdy was the second son of the composer Felix Mendelssohn Bartholdy and Cécile Charlotte Sophie Jeanrenaud.	Paul Mendelssohn Bartholdy	Felix Mendelssohn Bartholdy
father	Sir Richard Bulstrode (1610 -- 3 October 1711) was an English author, diplomat and soldier, a son of Edward Bulstrode (1588--1659).	Richard Bulstrode	Edward Bulstrode
father	Professor Dmytro Antonovych was the son of a Ukrainian historian Volodymyr Antonovych, the husband of Kateryna Antonovych, the father of Marko Antonovych and Mykhailo Antonovych.	Dmytro Antonovych	Volodymyr Antonovych
father	Well Armed was sired by Tiznow out of the stakes-winning mare Well-Dressed, which places Seattle Slew on the top and bottom of his pedigree.	Well Armed	Tiznow
father	Masoud Barzani succeeded his father, the Kurdish nationalist leader Mustafa Barzani, as the leader of the KDP in 1979.	Masoud Barzani	Mustafa Barzani
father	Carl Sibbern (11 April 1809 -- 17 May 1880) was a Norwegian politician, son of Valentin Christian Wilhelm Sibbern.	Carl Sibbern	Valentin Christian Wilhelm Sibbern
father	Zahir Qadir is the son of Abdul Qadir a senior member of the anti-Taliban United Islamic Front (Northern Alliance), and one of the first Vice Presidents of the Afghan Transitional Administration.	Zahir Qadir	Abdul Qadir
father	Thomas de Vere, 8th Earl of Oxford (c. 1336 -- September 1371) was the second but first surviving son of John de Vere, 7th Earl of Oxford, and Maud de Badlesmere.	Thomas de Vere, 8th Earl of Oxford	John de Vere, 7th Earl of Oxford
father	Jiiva was born as Amar to film producer R. B. Choudary and Mahjabeen on 4 January 1984 in Chennai, Tamil Nadu.	Jiiva	R. B. Choudary
father	Karthik Sivakumar (born 25 May 1977), better known by his stage name Karthi, is an Indian film actor who works in the Tamil film industry.	Karthi	Sivakumar
father	Cthylla (the Secret Daughter of Cthulhu) is a fictional character in the Cthulhu Mythos of H. P. Lovecraft.	Cthylla	Cthulhu
father	Zhao Kuo (趙括; died 260 BC) was a general of the State of Zhao in Warring States period, son of the famous general Zhao She, during the epic Battle of Changping between the States of Zhao and Qin in ancient China.	Zhao Kuo	Zhao She
father	Eve Frank or Eva Frank (1754 -- 1816 or 1817), born in Nikopol, Ottoman Empire (now Bulgaria) under the name Rebecca or Rachel, was the daughter of Jacob Frank, the claimant to the position of Jewish Messiah in the 18th century, and his wife Hannah Kohen.	Eve Frank	Jacob Frank
father	Jean-Jacques De Gucht is the son of Karel De Gucht, former European Commissioner for Trade Policy, Belgian Minister of Foreign Affairs and chairman of the Flemish Liberals and Democrats.	Jean-Jacques De Gucht	Karel De Gucht
father	Almutawakel (foaled in 1995 in Great Britain, died in 2007) was a British Thoroughbred racehorse sired by Machiavellian and the Irish stakes-winning Green Desert mare, Elfaslah.	Almutawakel	Machiavellian
father	Infanta Beatrice of Coimbra (1435--1462) was the 5th child of Infante Peter, Duke of Coimbra, and Isabella of Urgell.	Beatrice of Coimbra	Infante Peter, Duke of Coimbra
father	Narayana Varman ruled Kamarupa from the Varman dynasty for the period 494-518, was son of Kamrupi King Mahendra Varman and Queen Suvrata.	Narayana Varman	Mahendra Varman
father	Bred by Tartan Farms, the muscular bay Ogygian left his mark on 1980s racing as the ``swift but star-crossed'' fastest son of Damascus.	Ogygian	Damascus
father	Badshah Begum was born in 1703 as a Mughal princess and was the daughter of Mughal Emperor Farrukhsiyar and his first wife, Gauhar-un-Nissa Begum.	Badshah Begum	Farrukhsiyar
father	Kang Tongbi or Kang Tung Pih (Chinese: 康同璧; pinyin: Kāng Tóngbì; 1887--1969) was the daughter of Kang Youwei, a Chinese reformer and political figure of the late Qing dynasty and early Republican era.	Kang Tongbi	Kang Youwei
father	Born in Wangfujing, Beijing, Yuyan was the second son of Pucheng (溥偁) and Jinggui (敬貴), a lady of the Fuca (富察) clan.	Yuyan	Pucheng
father	Flirting Around was a bay horse standing 15.3½ hands high with no white markings bred in Kentucky by John W. Winnett Jr. He was sired by Round Table a three-time American Turf Champion who was named Horse of the Year in 1958.	Flirting Around	Round Table
father	Cathleen Mann was born in Newcastle upon Tyne on 31 December 1896 to the Scottish portrait painter Harrington Mann, the second of his three daughters.	Cathleen Mann	Harrington Mann
father	Jules Barthélemy-Saint-Hilaire (19 August 1805 -- 24 November 1895) was a French philosopher, journalist, statesman, and possible illegitimate son of Napoleon I of France.	Jules Barthélemy-Saint-Hilaire	Napoleon
father	Born in Halle, North Rhine-Westphalia, Monica Theodorescu is the daughter of the German, former Romanian, dressage rider George Theodorescu and the German show jumping rider Inge Theodorescu (born as Inge Fellgiebel).	Monica Theodorescu	George Theodorescu
father	The sire of Dark Ronald, Bay Ronald, was a moderate handicap racehorse and a useful sire.	Dark Ronald	Bay Ronald
father	Armin Dassler (15 March 1929 in Herzogenaurach, (Germany) - 10 October 1990 in Herzogenaurach) was the son of Rudolf Dassler , German founder of the sportswear company Puma and nephew of Adidas founder, Adolf ``Adi'' Dassler.	Armin Dassler	Rudolf Dassler
father	Bartolomé de la Cueva y Toledo was born in Cuéllar on August 24, 1499, the son of Francisco Fernández de la Cueva, 2nd Duke of Alburquerque and his wife Francisca de Toledo.	Bartolomé de la Cueva y Toledo	Francisco Fernández de la Cueva, 2nd Duke of Alburquerque
father	It is not known when Wang Yanxi was born, but it is known that he was the 28th son of Wang Shenzhi, commonly regarded as Min's first ruler and later posthumously honored as Emperor Taizu (although formally, Wang Shenzhi remained a vassal of Tang and Later Liang).	Wang Yanxi	Wang Shenzhi
father	Queen's Logic was sired by Grand Lodge out of the mare Lagrion.	Queen's Logic	Grand Lodge
father	Sigrid Sparre was the daughter of General-major Baron Sixten David Sparre and Sofia Amalia Eleonora Lewenhaupt, and the cousin of governor Knut Sparre.	Sigrid Sparre	Sixten David Sparre
father	Alexander Georgievich, 7th Duke of Leuchtenberg, also known as Prince Alexander Georgievich Romanovsky or less commonly Alexander de Beauharnais (13 November 1881 -- 26 September 1942) was the only son of George Maximilianovich, 6th Duke of Leuchtenberg by his first wife Duchess Therese of Oldenburg.	Alexander Georgievich, 7th Duke of Leuchtenberg	George Maximilianovich, 6th Duke of Leuchtenberg
father	Helen Johnson-Leipold is an American billionaire businesswoman, the daughter of Samuel Curtis Johnson, Jr., who died in 2004, and Imogene Powers Johnson and the great great granddaughter of S. C. Johnson & Son founder Samuel Curtis Johnson, Sr..	Helen Johnson-Leipold	Samuel Curtis Johnson, Jr.
father	Shapur-i Shahrvaraz was the son of Shahrbaraz, the famous Sasanian spahbed and briefly shahanshah.	Shapur-i Shahrvaraz	Shahrbaraz
father	Otto Sinding was born in Kongsberg as a son of mine superindendent Matthias Wilhelm Sinding (1811--1860) and Cecilie Marie Mejdell (1817--86).	Otto Sinding	Matthias Wilhelm Sinding
father	Lady Joan Holland (ca. 1380--12 April 1434) was the third daughter of Thomas Holland, 2nd Earl of Kent, and Lady Alice FitzAlan.	Joan Holland	Thomas Holland, 2nd Earl of Kent
father	Margareta Alströmer was born the child of the baron, statesman and amateur musician Patrick Alströmer and Christina Maria Ollonberg, and the granddaughter of Jonas Alströmer.	Margareta Alströmer	Patrick Alströmer
father	Cacamatzin was a son of the previous king Nezahualpilli by one of his mistresses.	Cacamatzin	Nezahualpilli
father	Susan Alice Buffett (30 July 1953) is the daughter of Warren Buffett.	Susan Alice Buffett	Warren Buffett
father	Eysteinn (Swedish: Östen; died ca 600) was the son of Eadgils and Yrsa of Saxony.	Eysteinn	Eadgils
father	He was bred by American businessman John McNamee Sullivan and was raced by HH Aga Khan IV. A descendant of Nearco, Blushing Groom was sired by Red God and out of the mare Runaway Bride.	Blushing Groom	Red God
father	Shahzada Sulaiman Shikoh (15 March 1635 -- May 1662) also known as Sulaiman Shukoh, was the eldest son of Mughal prince Dara Shikoh.	Sulaiman Shikoh	Dara Shikoh
father	The daughter of James Abbe, a photographer, and Polly Shorrick, a Ziegfeld girl, Patience Abbe was born in Paris to her globetrotting parents.	Patience Abbe	James Abbe
father	Robert Hossein is the son of André Hossein, a composer, and of a Jewish comedy actress from Kiev, Anna Minevskaya.	Robert Hossein	André Hossein
father	Soaring Free's sire is the increasingly influential Smart Strike who also sired Eclipse Award winner English Channel and the 2007 American Horse of the Year, Curlin.	Soaring Free	Smart Strike
father	Maria Kinnaird (1810--1891), born on St. Vincent, was orphaned by a volcanic eruption and was later adopted by the politician Richard Sharp, known as ``Conversation Sharp''.	Maria Kinnaird	Richard Sharp
father	John Crescentius (Italian: Giovanni Crescenzio) also John II Crescentius or Crescentius III (d. 1012) was the son of Crescentius the Younger (Crescentius II).	John Crescentius	Crescentius the Younger
father	General Peregrine Bertie, 3rd Duke of Ancaster and Kesteven PC (1714 -- 12 August 1778), styled Lord Willoughby de Eresby from 1715 to 1723 and Marquess of Lindsey from 1735 to 1742 was the son of Peregrine Bertie, 2nd Duke of Ancaster and Kesteven.	Peregrine Bertie, 3rd Duke of Ancaster and Kesteven	Peregrine Bertie, 2nd Duke of Ancaster and Kesteven
father	Legal Case was a bay horse with no white markings bred in Ireland by Ovidstown Investments Ltd. He was sired by the dual Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe winner Alleged out of the mare Maryinsky.	Legal Case	Alleged
father	Stephen the Posthumous (1236--1271) was the posthumous son of King Andrew II of Hungary by his third wife, Beatrice d'Este.	Stephen the Posthumous	Andrew II of Hungary
father	Bala Varman was successor and son of Samudra Varman; ruled Kamarupa for the period 398-422.	Bala Varman	Samudra Varman
father	Julian Lloyd Webber is the second son of the composer William Lloyd Webber and his wife Jean Johnstone (a piano teacher).	Julian Lloyd Webber	William Lloyd Webber
father	Franz Ries (Berlin, 7 April 1846 -- Naumburg, 20 January 1932) was a Romantic German violinist and composer, son of Hubert Ries.	Franz Ries	Hubert Ries
father	The third surviving son of the Yongzheng Emperor, Hongshi was banished from the imperial clan in 1725, ostensibly for his support of his uncle Yunsi, who was a political rival to his father.	Hongshi	Yongzheng Emperor
father	Sun Lang, courtesy name Zao'an (早安), was a son of the warlord Sun Jian, who lived in the late Eastern Han Dynasty.	Sun Lang	Sun Jian
father	Princess Amelia of Great Britain (Amelia Sophia Eleanor; 10 June 1711 (New Style) -- 31 October 1786) was the second daughter of George II of Great Britain.	Princess Amelia of Great Britain	George II of Great Britain
father	Eleanor Holland, Countess of Salisbury (1386- after 1413), was an English noblewoman, the daughter of Thomas Holland, 2nd Earl of Kent, a half-brother of King Richard II of England.	Eleanor Holland, Countess of Salisbury	Thomas Holland, 2nd Earl of Kent
father	Yang Pu was born in 900, during the reign of Emperor Zhaozong of Tang, as the fourth son of the major late-Tang warlord Yang Xingmi the military governor (Jiedushi) of Huainan Circuit (淮南, headquartered in modern Yangzhou, Jiangsu), whose domain would become Wu eventually.	Yang Pu	Yang Xingmi
father	João Coelho Neto, known more commonly as Preguinho (February 8, 1905 -- October 1, 1979) was a Brazilian footballer in the striker position.	Preguinho	Coelho Neto
father	François-Charles Joullain (c. 1734 -- 1790) was a French art dealer, son of François Joullain.	François-Charles Joullain	François Joullain
father	Clovis II (637 -- 27 November 657 or 658) succeeded his father Dagobert I in 639 as King of Neustria and Burgundy.	Clovis II	Dagobert I
father	Avis Stearns Van Wagenen was the daughter of George N. Stearns (1812-1882), a wagon maker, who also invented several tools and patented many of his innovations including a boring and mortising machine and auger.	Avis Stearns Van Wagenen	George N. Stearns
father	Phraortes (from Old Persian: 𐎳𐎼𐎺𐎼𐎫𐎡𐏁, Fravartiš, or Frâda via Ancient Greek Φραόρτης; c. 665 -- 633 BC), son of Deioces, was the second king of the Median Empire.	Phraortes	Deioces
father	In Greek legends, Procles (Greek: Προκλῆς, ``the renowned'') was one of the Heracleidae, a great-great-great-grandson of Heracles, and a son of Aristodemus and Argia.	Procles	Aristodemus
father	Philippa of Antioch (1148--1178) was the younger daughter of Constance, Princess of Antioch and her first husband Raymond of Poitiers.	Philippa of Antioch	Raymond of Poitiers
father	Charles FitzCharles, 1st Earl of Plymouth (1657 -- 17 October 1680) was the illegitimate son of King Charles II of England, by Catherine Pegge.	Charles FitzCharles, 1st Earl of Plymouth	Charles II of England
headquarters location	Trondhjems Omnibus Aktieselskab was the first provider of public transport in Trondheim, Norway.	Trondhjems Omnibus Aktieselskab	Trondheim
headquarters location	CrowdFlower is a data enrichment, data mining and crowdsourcing company based in the Mission District of San Francisco, California.	CrowdFlower	San Francisco
headquarters location	Sportsheets International, Inc., nicknamed Sportsheets (after its first product), is an international sex toy manufacturer headquartered in Huntington Beach, California, United States.	Sportsheets International, Inc.	Huntington Beach
headquarters location	Shepley Bulfinch (Shepley Bulfinch Richardson & Abbott Inc.) is an international architecture, planning, and interior design firm with offices in Boston, Houston, and Phoenix.	Shepley Bulfinch	Boston
headquarters location	The headquarters for the Key Food cooperative is on Staten Island; the Chief Executive is Dean Janeway.	Key Food	Staten Island
inception	Katzenjammer Records is an Australian-based independent record label founded 17 May 2006.	Katzenjammer Records	2006
inception	La Banque postale is a French bank created on 1 January 2006 as a subsidiary of La Poste, the national postal service.	La Banque postale	2006
inception	In 1894--1897, Yemtsa railway station was built during the construction of the railroad between Vologda and Arkhangelsk.	Yemtsa	1894
inception	The Estonian Air Force was re-established on 16 December 1991 after the restoration of independence of the Republic of Estonia in 1991.	Estonian Air Force	1991
inception	Notgemeinschaft der Deutschen Wissenschaft (abbreviation: NG; translation: Emergency Association of German Science) was founded on 30 October 1920 on the initiative of leading members of the Preußischen Akademie der Wissenschaften (acronym: PAW; translation: Prussian Academy of Sciences.)	Notgemeinschaft der Deutschen Wissenschaft	1920
languages spoken or written	Mattt Konture (born September 27, 1965) is a French underground comics author and musician.	Mattt Konture	French
languages spoken or written	Ganja Karuppu, born Karuppu Raja, is an Indian film actor who plays comedy roles in Tamil cinema.	Ganja Karuppu	Tamil
languages spoken or written	Giuseppe Mentessi (Ferrara, 1857 - 1931) was an Italian painter.	Giuseppe Mentessi	Italian
languages spoken or written	Garegin Ter-Harutyunyan (Armenian: Գարեգին Տեր-Հարությունյան) better known by his nome de guerre Garegin Nzhdeh (Armenian: Գարեգին Նժդեհ) (1 January 1886 -- 21 December 1955) was an Armenian statesman and military strategist.	Garegin Nzhdeh	Armenian
languages spoken or written	Mircea Păcurariu (born July 30, 1932) is a Romanian theologian, historian and priest in the Romanian Orthodox Church.	Mircea Păcurariu	Romanian
licensed to broadcast to	WYSS is a radio station broadcasting at 99.5 FM in Sault Ste. Marie, Michigan.	WYSS	Sault Ste. Marie
licensed to broadcast to	WMAG is an adult contemporary music formatted radio station licensed to High Point, North Carolina and serves the Piedmont Triad region, including Greensboro and Winston-Salem.	WMAG	High Point
licensed to broadcast to	WEFT Champaign 90.1FM is a listener-supported community radio station in Champaign, Illinois, founded in 1981 and owned by Prairie Air, Inc., a not-for-profit corporation.	WEFT	Champaign
licensed to broadcast to	WVVW-LP is a Progressive Southern Gospel formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Belpre, Ohio, serving Parkersburg, West Virginia.	WVVW-LP	Belpre, Ohio
licensed to broadcast to	CKAC is a French-language Canadian radio station located in Montreal, Quebec, broadcasting a traffic information format as Radio Circulation 730.	CKAC	Montreal
licensed to broadcast to	KZNG is a news/talk radio station in Hot Springs, Arkansas.	KZNG	Hot Springs
licensed to broadcast to	WMMQ is an American classic rock radio station at 94.9 FM, licensed to East Lansing, Michigan.	WMMQ	East Lansing
licensed to broadcast to	WXRV (The River 92.5 FM) is an adult album alternative radio station based in Andover, Massachusetts, with a signal covering most of northeast Massachusetts and southern New Hampshire, and audible as far away as Plymouth, Massachusetts.	WXRV	Andover
licensed to broadcast to	WVMD is a Country-formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Romney, West Virginia, serving the Romney/Cumberland area.	WVMD	Romney
licensed to broadcast to	CKDM AM 730, is a commercial AM radio station located in Dauphin, Manitoba.	CKDM	Dauphin
licensed to broadcast to	WFHA-LP (94.1 FM) is a low-powered radio station licensed to Melbourne, Florida, United States.	WFHA-LP	Melbourne
licensed to broadcast to	WEGP (1390 AM) is a radio station in Presque Isle, Maine that is temporarily silent.	WEGP	Presque Isle
licensed to broadcast to	KROP (1300 AM) is a radio station that broadcasts from Brawley, California.	KROP	Brawley, California
licensed to broadcast to	CBQ-FM is a Canadian radio station, airing the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation's CBC Radio 2 network at 101.7 FM in Thunder Bay, Ontario.	CBQ-FM	Thunder Bay
licensed to broadcast to	CHMX-FM, branded as My 92.1 (known as Lite 92FM until midnight on August 3, 2011), is a Canadian radio station, broadcasting an hot adult contemporary format at 92.1 FM in Regina, Saskatchewan.	CHMX-FM	Regina
licensed to broadcast to	KNWC-FM, also known as Life 96.5, is a Christian radio station located in Sioux Falls, South Dakota owned and operated by University of Northwestern --	KNWC-FM	Sioux Falls
licensed to broadcast to	WLHH (104.9 The Surf - Hilton Head's Greatest Hits) is a classic hits radio station licensed to Ridgeland, South Carolina, with studios in Hilton Head and transmitter located between Ridgeland and Beaufort.	WLHH	Ridgeland, South Carolina
licensed to broadcast to	KFSP (1230 AM) is a radio station licensed to Mankato, Minnesota and serving the greater Mankato area and the Minnesota River Valley with a sports format.	KFSP	Mankato
licensed to broadcast to	WCCL is an American radio station physically located in Johnstown, Pennsylvania located at 101.7 FM, but licensed to the community of Central City, Pennsylvania.	WCCL	Central City
licensed to broadcast to	KLSA (90.7 FM, Red River Radio) is a radio station licensed to Alexandria, Louisiana.	KLSA	Alexandria
licensed to broadcast to	CKNB is a Canadian radio station broadcasting in Campbellton, New Brunswick at 950 on the AM dial.	CKNB	Campbellton
licensed to broadcast to	KVOR is a heritage radio station serving the Colorado Springs, USA, vicinity with a News/Talk format.	KVOR	Colorado Springs
licensed to broadcast to	WBBE (97.9 FM, ``97.9 Bob FM'') is an Adult Hits hybrid radio station licensed to Heyworth, Illinois, and residing in the Bloomington-Normal, Illinois, market.	WBBE	Heyworth, Illinois
licensed to broadcast to	CFBR-FM is a Canadian radio station, broadcasting an active rock format at 100.3 on the FM dial in Edmonton, Alberta.	CFBR-FM	Edmonton
licensed to broadcast to	KTHR (107.3 FM, ``ALT 107.3'') is a radio station operating in Wichita, Kansas.	KTHR	Wichita
licensed to broadcast to	KVSF-FM (101.5 FM, ``The Voice'') is a radio station in Pecos, New Mexico, broadcasting to the Santa Fe, New Mexico, area.	KVSF-FM	Pecos, New Mexico
licensed to broadcast to	WBSX is a FM radio station licensed to the city of Hazleton, Pennsylvania, broadcasting to the Scranton/Wilkes Barre/Hazleton radio market on 97.9 MHz. WBSX airs an active rock music format branded as ``97-9 X'' (pronounced as ``Ninety-Seven Nine X'').	WBSX	Hazleton
licensed to broadcast to	WMOS (102.3 FM, ``102.3 The Wolf'') is a classic rock radio station that targets the Connecticut shoreline (namely the New London-Groton area) although it is licensed to Stonington, Connecticut.	WMOS	Stonington
licensed to broadcast to	WEOS is a college radio station licensed to Geneva, New York, broadcasting primarily on 89.5 FM across the Finger Lakes region of New York.	WEOS	Geneva
licensed to broadcast to	WQMG is an Urban Adult Contemporary station licensed to Greensboro, North Carolina and serves the Piedmont Triad region, which also includes High Point and Winston-Salem.	WQMG	Greensboro
licensed to broadcast to	CFBN was a Canadian radio station, broadcasting on AM 1280 in Mississauga, Ontario.	CFBN	Mississauga
licensed to broadcast to	WOCR is a non-commercial FM campus radio located in Olivet, Michigan.	WOCR	Olivet, Michigan
licensed to broadcast to	WSSL-FM is a country music radio station licensed to Gray Court, South Carolina and serves the Upstate region, including Greenville and Spartanburg.	WSSL-FM	Gray Court, South Carolina
licensed to broadcast to	Republic 100.3 is a local radio station, based in Pylaia, Thessaloniki, Greece that specializes in sophisticated and eclectic music programmed by its radio presenters & disc jockeys.	Republic 100.3	Thessaloniki
licensed to broadcast to	WRND-FM (94.3 FM, ``Rewind 94.3'') is a commercial FM radio station licensed to Oak Grove, Kentucky with offices located in Clarksville, Tennessee.	WRND-FM	Oak Grove, Kentucky
licensed to broadcast to	WZLQ (98.5 FM), known as ``Z-98-5'', is a mainstream rock radio station based in Tupelo, Mississippi, and serves North Mississippi with ERP of 100,000 watts at 98.5 MHz. ``Z-98-5'' is owned by the Mississippi Radio Group.	WZLQ	Tupelo
licensed to broadcast to	WSFN (790 AM) is a sports radio station in Brunswick, Georgia.	WSFN	Brunswick, Georgia
licensed to broadcast to	KLIF-FM (93.3 FM, branded as ``Hot 93.3'') is a radio station licensed to serve Haltom City, Texas, USA.	KLIF-FM	Haltom City
licensed to broadcast to	KSKI-FM (94.5 FM, ``K-Ski'') is a commercial radio station located in Sun Valley, Idaho.	KSKI-FM	Sun Valley
licensed to broadcast to	WHWH is a radio station in Princeton, New Jersey, serving Trenton, New Jersey which is owned and operated by Multicultural Radio Broadcasting Licensee, LLC. WHWH signed on September 7, 1963.	WHWH	Princeton
licensed to broadcast to	KSOR (90.1 FM) is a National Public Radio member station licensed to Ashland, Oregon.	KSOR	Ashland
licensed to broadcast to	WCZZ is a daytime-only Urban Gospel radio station located in Greenwood, South Carolina (Lakelands area).	WCZZ	Greenwood, South Carolina
licensed to broadcast to	CJIQ-FM, is a Canadian radio station based in Kitchener, Ontario.	CJIQ-FM	Kitchener
licensed to broadcast to	CHFI-FM is a Canadian radio station, which broadcasts an adult contemporary format at 98.1 on the FM dial in Toronto, Ontario.	CHFI-FM	Toronto
licensed to broadcast to	WVCP is the college radio station of Volunteer State Community College (``Vol State'') in Gallatin, Tennessee, broadcasting at 88.5 MHz on the FM dial.	WVCP	Gallatin, Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lavashlu (Persian: لواشلو‎, also Romanized as Lavāshlū) is a village in Solduz Rural District, in the Central District of Naqadeh County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Lavashlu	Solduz Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The New York City Museum School (NYCMS) is a public school for grades 9--12 in Chelsea, Manhattan, New York City, United States.	New York City Museum School	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Challis Airport (IATA: CHL, ICAO: KLLJ, FAA LID: LLJ) is a city-owned public-use airport located one mile (2 km) northeast of the central business district of Challis, a city in Custer County, Idaho, United States.	Challis Airport	Idaho
located in the administrative territorial entity	Balutak Shalu (Persian: بلوطك شالو‎, also Romanized as Balūţak Shālū) is a village in Donbaleh Rud-e Shomali Rural District, Dehdez District, Izeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Balutak Shalu	Donbaleh Rud-e Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Huilongguan (回龙观) is a suburban residential neighborhood in northern Beijing, located in Changping District, 33 km north of the city.	Huilongguan	Changping District
member of political party	Denzil Roberts Onslow (15 June 1839 -- 21 March 1908) was an English Conservative Party politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1874 to 1885.	Denzil Roberts Onslow	Conservative Party
member of political party	Fikile Mbalula (born 8 April 1971 in the Free State) is the Minister of Sport and Recreation in the Cabinet of South Africa, a former deputy minister of police, a member of the national executive committee of the African National Congress and former leader of the African National Congress Youth League.	Fikile Mbalula	African National Congress
member of political party	Dara Murphy (born 2 December 1969) is an Irish Fine Gael politician, who was elected as a Teachta Dála (TD) for the Cork North--	Dara Murphy	Fine Gael
member of political party	Georg Gradnauer (November 16, 1866 -- November 18, 1946) was a German newspaper editor and politician for the Social Democratic Party of Germany (SPD), and the first elected Minister-President of Saxony following the abolition of the Kingdom of Saxony.	Georg Gradnauer	Social Democratic Party of Germany
member of political party	Colonel Sir Charles Edward Howard Vincent KCMG CB DL (31 May 1849 -- 7 April 1908), known as Howard Vincent or C. E. Howard Vincent, was a British soldier, barrister, police official and Conservative Party politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1885 to 1908.	Howard Vincent	Conservative Party
member of sports team	Carlton Massey (January 17, 1930 -- May 22, 1989) was a professional American football defensive lineman who played in the National Football League (NFL) for the Cleveland Browns (1954--1956) and Green Bay Packers (1957--1958).	Carlton Massey	Cleveland Browns	Green Bay Packers
member of sports team	Martin Iványi (born 16 August 1995 in Pápa) is a Hungarian professional footballer who plays for Lombard-Pápa TFC.	Martin Iványi	Lombard-Pápa TFC
member of sports team	Alan Burwell (birth registered January→March 1943 (age 71--72)) birth registered in Hull district, was an English rugby league footballer for the Hull Kingston Rovers, Canterbury Bulldogs, and for the Great Britain national side.	Alan Burwell	Hull Kingston Rovers
member of sports team	Marijn Sterk (born 11 July 1987 in The Hague) is a Dutch footballer who played for FC Volendam and FC Emmen.	Marijn Sterk	FC Volendam
member of sports team	Jerry Gustafson is a former American football quarterback who played one season with the BC Lions of the Canadian Football League.	Jerry Gustafson	BC Lions
military branch	The Deputy Judge Advocate General of the Navy (DJAG) is the second highest ranking JAG officer and lawyer in the United States Navy.	Deputy Judge Advocate General of the Navy	United States Navy
military branch	Major-General Sir Thomas Perrott KCB (1851--1919) was a British Army officer who commanded the Troops in the Straits Settlements.	Thomas Perrott	British Army
military branch	Squadron Leader Mohinder Singh Pujji DFC (14 August 1918 -- 18 September 2010), also known as Mahinder Singh Pujji, was a distinguished Royal Air Force fighter pilot and one of the first Indian Sikh pilots to volunteer with the Royal Air Force during the Second World War.	Mohinder Singh Pujji	Royal Air Force
military branch	The 111th Regiment of Foot (Loyal Birmingham Volunteers) was an infantry regiment of the British Army from 1794 to 1795.	111th Regiment of Foot (Loyal Birmingham Volunteers)	British Army
military branch	Commander Zafar Muhammad Khan (19?? - 4 December 1971) was a naval officer in the Pakistan Navy who was the Captain and Commanding Officer of PNS Ghazi during the Indo-Pakistani War of 1971.	Zafar Muhammad Khan	Pakistan Navy
mother	Nathan Ruegger (born January 19, 1984) is an American screenwriter, voice actor and film director, the son of writer/producer/director Tom Ruegger and voice actress Adrienne Alexander.	Nathan Ruegger	Adrienne Alexander
mother	Sir Thomas Maule was the youngest son of Sir Peter Maule and Christina de Valognes, Baron and Baroness of Panmure and Benvie.	Sir Thomas Maule	Christina de Valognes
mother	Bintanath was likely born during the reign of her grandfather Seti I. Her mother was Isetnofret, one of the two most prominent wives of Ramesses II. It is interesting to note that her name is Semitic, meaning Daughter of Anath, referring to the Canaanite goddess Anath.	Bintanath	Isetnofret
mother	Margaret Tudor (28 November 1489 -- 18 October 1541) was Queen of Scots from 1503 until 1513 as the wife of King James IV of Scotland and then Regent for their son King James V. She was born at Westminster Palace as the elder surviving daughter of King Henry VII of England and Elizabeth of York.	Margaret Tudor	Elizabeth of York
mother	Pengiran Muda Abdul Muntaqim Bolkiah (born 17 March 2007) is the oldest child and first son of His Royal Highness Al-Muhtadee Billah, heir to the Sultan of Brunei, and his wife, Her Royal Highness Pengiran Anak Sarah.	Abdul Muntaqim	Pengiran Anak Sarah
mother	Kumaragupta I, also known as Shakraditya and Mahendraditya, was an emperor of the Gupta Empire in 415--455 CE. He was the son of his predecessor, Chandragupta II, and Dhruvadevi (also known as Dhruvasvamini).	Kumaragupta I	Dhruvadevi
mother	Publius Licinius Cornelius Valerianus (died 257 or 258), also known as Valerian II, was the eldest son of Roman Emperor Gallienus and Augusta Cornelia Salonina who was of Greek origin and grandson of the Emperor Valerian who was of a noble and traditional senatorial family.	Valerian II	Cornelia Salonina
mother	Gjon Kastrioti II (1456--1502) was the son of Skanderbeg, the Albanian national hero, and of Donika Kastrioti, daughter of Gjergj Arianiti.	Gjon Kastrioti II	Donika Kastrioti
mother	A bay stallion, Northern Dancer was sired by Nearctic through the mare Natalma, whose sire was Native Dancer.	Northern Dancer	Natalma
mother	Prince Valdemar of Denmark, GCTE (27 October 1858 in Bernstorff Palace -- 14 January 1939 in Copenhagen) was a member of the Danish Royal Family, the youngest son of Christian IX of Denmark and his wife Louise of Hesse-Kassel.	Prince Valdemar of Denmark	Louise of Hesse-Kassel
mother	Torsten Tegnér (6 December 1888 -- 10 June 1977) was a Swedish athlete and journalist, son of composer Alice Tegnér.	Torsten Tegnér	Alice Tegnér
mother	Prince George of Cambridge (George Alexander Louis; born 22 July 2013) is the elder child and only son of Prince William, Duke of Cambridge, and Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge.	Prince George of Cambridge	Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge
mother	Gisela of Burgundy (died 21 July 1006) was the daughter of Conrad the Peaceful, King of Burgundy and Adelaide of Bellay, Conrad's first wife.	Gisela of Burgundy	Adelaide of Bellay
mother	Xavier Gélin (21 June 1946 -- 2 July 1999) was a French actor and film producer, and son of Daniel Gelin and Danièle Delorme.	Xavier Gélin	Danièle Delorme
mother	Samuel's mother was Hannah and his father was Elkanah.	Samuel	Hannah
mother	The son of feminist and philanthropist Anna Filosofova, Dmitry Filosofov was educated first in the private Karl May School (where he first met Alexandre Benois and Konstantin Somov), then in the Saint Petersburg University, studying law.	Dmitry Filosofov	Anna Filosofova
mother	Lady Jean Stewart (also known as Jane Stuart; c. 1533 -- 7 January 1587/88) was an illegitimate daughter of King James V of Scotland by his mistress Elizabeth Bethune (sometimes spelled Betoun or Beaton).	Lady Jean Stewart	Elizabeth Bethune
mother	Prince William of Hesse-Kassel (24 December 1787 -- 5 September 1867), was the first son of Prince Frederick of Hesse-Kassel and Princess Caroline of Nassau-Usingen.	Prince William of Hesse-Kassel	Princess Caroline of Nassau-Usingen
mother	Paul Robeson was born in Princeton, New Jersey, in 1898, to Reverend William Drew Robeson and Maria Louisa Bustill.	Paul Robeson	Maria Louisa Bustill
mother	Toghon Temür's mother was Mailaiti, descendant of Arslan, the chief of the Karluks.	Toghon Temür	Mailaiti
mother	Yin Yin Nwe's mother is Daw Mi Mi Khaing, also a scholar and a former Principal of Kambawza School.	Yin Yin Nwe	Mi Mi Khaing
mother	Prince Henri of Orléans (16 October 1867 -- 9 August 1901) was the eldest son surviving to adulthood of Prince Robert, Duke of Chartres, and Princess Françoise of Orléans.	Prince Henri of Orléans	Princess Françoise of Orléans
mother	Princess Victoria Melita of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha and Edinburgh GCStJ CI VA RRC (25 November 1876 -- 2 March 1936) was the third child and second daughter of Alfred, Duke of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha and Grand Duchess Maria Alexandrovna of Russia.	Princess Victoria Melita of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha	Grand Duchess Maria Alexandrovna of Russia
mother	Damon Elliott was born on March 21, 1973 to Dionne Warwick and Bill Elliott.	Damon Elliott	Dionne Warwick
mother	William, Prince of Hohenzollern (German: Wilhelm August Karl Joseph Peter Ferdinand Benedikt Fürst von Hohenzollern) (7 March 1864, in Schloss Benrath, near Düsseldorf -- 22 October 1927, in Sigmaringen) was the eldest son of Leopold, Prince of Hohenzollern and Infanta Antónia of Portugal.	William, Prince of Hohenzollern	Infanta Antónia of Portugal
mouth of the watercourse	The Warta (Polish pronunciation: (ˈvaɾta) German: Warthe; Latin: Varta) is a river in western-central Poland, a tributary of the Oder river.	Warta	Oder
mouth of the watercourse	The Dinkel joins the Vechte in Neuenhaus.	Dinkel	Vechte
mouth of the watercourse	The Kleine Laber flows into the Große Laber, which flows into the Danube River.	Kleine Laber	Große Laber
mouth of the watercourse	The Lotru is a right tributary of the Olt River in Romania.	Lotru	Olt River
mouth of the watercourse	Kilmez River (Russian: Кильмезь) is a river in Udmurtia and Kirov Oblast in Russia, a left tributary of the Vyatka River.	Kilmez River	Vyatka River
mouth of the watercourse	At Vedder Crossing, the river is joined by the Sweltzer River before flowing under a bridge at which its name changes to the Vedder River, after which is flows west and north to join the Sumas River just before that river's confluence with the Fraser River at the northeast end of Sumas Mountain.	Vedder River	Sumas River
mouth of the watercourse	Berchtesgadener Ache is a river of Bavaria, Germany that flows toward Salzach.	Berchtesgadener Ache	Salzach
mouth of the watercourse	The Gunnison River is a tributary of the Colorado River, 164 miles (264 km) long, in the Southwest state of Colorado.	Gunnison River	Colorado
mouth of the watercourse	Crum Creek (from the Dutch, meaning ``crooked creek'') is a creek in Delaware County and Chester County, Pennsylvania, flowing approximately 24 miles (39 km), generally in a southward direction and draining into the Delaware River in Eddystone, Pennsylvania.	Crum Creek	Delaware River
mouth of the watercourse	Located in northeastern Wisconsin, the Oconto River is a tributary of Lake Michigan via Green Bay.	Oconto River	Lake Michigan
mouth of the watercourse	Oxney Stream is a tributary of the River Wey that lies in Hampshire, England.	Oxney Stream	River Wey
mouth of the watercourse	The Kazinga Channel in Uganda is a wide, 32-kilometre (20 mi) long natural channel that links Lake Edward and Lake George, and a dominant feature of Queen Elizabeth National Park.	Kazinga Channel	Lake Edward
mouth of the watercourse	Western Berezina or simply Berezina (Belarusian: Заходняя Бярэзіна) is a river in Belarus, a right tributary of Neman River.	Western Berezina	Neman River
mouth of the watercourse	The river Kladeos flows through Olympia in Elis, southern Greece, and empties into the river Alfeios.	Kladeos	Alfeios
mouth of the watercourse	The Flumendosa's springs are located in the Gennargentu massif, at the foot of the Monte Armidda; it flows into the Tyrrhenian Sea near the towns of Muravera and Villaputzu.	Flumendosa	Tyrrhenian Sea
mouth of the watercourse	Yarrowitch River rises within Mummel Gulf National Park on the northern slopes of the Great Dividing Range southwest of Yarrowitch, and flows generally north northeast, joined by the Warnes River before reaching its confluence with the Apsley River, southwest of Tia.	Yarrowitch River	Apsley River
mouth of the watercourse	The Mei River (Chinese: 梅江; Pinyin: Méi Jiāng) is a river in Meizhou City in the eastern part of the Guangdong province in southern China and a tributary of the Han River.	Mei River	Han River
mouth of the watercourse	The Dora Riparia (pronounced (ˈdɔːra riˈpaːrja); Latin: Duria minor French: Doire Ripaire Piedmontese: Dòira Rivaira) is an alpine river, a left-hand tributary of the Po.	Dora Riparia	Po
mouth of the watercourse	Babka River (Russian: Бабка) is a river in Perm Krai, Russia, a left tributary of Sylva River which in turn is a tributary of Chusovaya River.	Babka River	Sylva River
mouth of the watercourse	The Gojeb River is eastward-flowing tributary of the Omo River in Ethiopia.	Gojeb River	Omo River
mouth of the watercourse	Pirris River is a river of Costa Rica, flowing into the Pacific Ocean.	Pirris River	Pacific Ocean
mouth of the watercourse	The Turnagain River flows generally east and north to join the Kechika River.	Turnagain River	Kechika River
mouth of the watercourse	The Rotaldo, known in its upper course as the Laio, is a 40-kilometre (25 mi) river (classified as a torrente) of northern Italy, and a right-side tributary of the Po.	Rotaldo	Po
mouth of the watercourse	It then enters the Bohle River Fish Habitat Area and the Townsville Town Common conservation Park and discharges into the Halifax Bay near Bushland Beach, and then empties into the Coral Sea.	Bohle River	Halifax Bay
mouth of the watercourse	The Vit also Vid (Bulgarian: Вит; Latin: Utus) is a river in central northern Bulgaria with a length of 189 km. It is a tributary of Danube.	Vit	Danube
mouth of the watercourse	Santa Rosa Creek is a 22-mile-long (35 km) stream in Sonoma County, California which rises on Hood Mountain and discharges to the Laguna de Santa Rosa by way of the Santa Rosa Flood Control Channel.	Santa Rosa Creek	Laguna de Santa Rosa
mouth of the watercourse	The Lane Cove River, a northern tributary of the Parramatta River, is a youthful tide-dominated, drowned valley estuary west of Sydney Harbour, located in Sydney, New South Wales, Australia.	Lane Cove River	Parramatta River
mouth of the watercourse	The Malewa River rises in the western slopes of the Aberdare Range in Kenya and flows south and west into Lake Naivasha in the Great Rift Valley.	Malewa River	Lake Naivasha
mouth of the watercourse	The Salmon Falls River is a tributary of the Piscataqua River in the U.S. states of Maine and New Hampshire.	Salmon Falls River	Piscataqua River
mouth of the watercourse	Boston Harbor is a natural harbor and estuary of Massachusetts Bay, and is located adjacent to the city of Boston, Massachusetts.	Boston Harbor	Massachusetts Bay
mouth of the watercourse	The Dez River (Persian: دز‎‎), the ancient Coprates (Greek: Κοπράτης or Κοπράτας), is a tributary of the Karun River and is 400 km long.	Dez River	Karun
mouth of the watercourse	The Rio Grande rises from south-central Colorado in the United States and flows to the Gulf of Mexico.	Rio Grande	Gulf of Mexico
mouth of the watercourse	The Bowron River, also formerly named the Bear River and Reid Creek, is a tributary of the Fraser River in the Canadian province of British Columbia.	Bowron River	Fraser River
mouth of the watercourse	The Flambeau River is a tributary of the Chippewa River in northern Wisconsin, USA.	Flambeau River	Chippewa River
mouth of the watercourse	Salt Pan Creek, an urban watercourse of the Georges River catchment, is located in the Canterbury-Bankstown region of Sydney, in New South Wales, Australia.	Salt Pan Creek	Georges River
mouth of the watercourse	The Hacking River i flows generally north north-east before reaching its mouth and emptying into Port Hacking at a line between Grays Point and Point Danger, about 4 kilometres (2.5 mi) east of the suburb of Engadine, west of Yowie Bay.	Hacking River	Port Hacking
named after	Siltstone is a sedimentary rock which has a grain size in the silt range, finer than sandstone and coarser than claystones.	Siltstone	silt
named after	Philippists was the designation usually applied in the latter half of the sixteenth century to the followers of Philipp Melanchthon.	Philippists	Philipp Melanchthon
named after	Coventry Cathedral, also known as St Michael's Cathedral, is the seat of the Bishop of Coventry and the Diocese of Coventry, in Coventry, West Midlands, England.	Coventry Cathedral	Michael
named after	Howlite was discovered near Windsor, Nova Scotia in 1868 by Henry How (1828--1879), a Canadian chemist, geologist, and mineralogist.	Howlite	Henry How
named after	Peano axioms or the Peano postulates, are a set of axioms for the natural numbers presented by the 19th century Italian mathematician Giuseppe Peano.	Peano axioms	Giuseppe Peano
named after	The Brücke Museum in Berlin houses the world's largest collection of works by Die Brücke (``The Bridge''), an early 20th-century expressionist movement.	Brücke Museum	Die Brücke
named after	Odenplan is a plaza located in the district Vasastaden in central Stockholm, Sweden, named after the old Norse god Odin.	Odenplan	Odin
named after	Bologna Cathedral (Italian: Cattedrale Metropolitana di San Pietro, Cattedrale di Bologna), dedicated to Saint Peter, is the cathedral of Bologna in Italy, and the seat and the metropolitan cathedral of the Archbishop of Bologna.	Bologna Cathedral	Peter
named after	Pigeonite is named for its type locality on Lake Superior's shores at Pigeon Point, Minnesota, United States.	Pigeonite	Pigeon Point
named after	Gaspeite, a very rare nickel carbonate mineral, with the formula (Ni,Fe,Mg)CO3, is named for the place it was first described, in the Gaspé Peninsula, Québec, Canada.	Gaspeite	Gaspé Peninsula
named after	Macdonaldite was first described in 1965 and named for Gordon A. MacDonald (1911--1978) an American volcanologist at the University of Hawaii.	Macdonaldite	Gordon A. MacDonald
named after	The Teylers Stichting (English: Teylers Foundation) is a Dutch foundation founded with the heritage of the Dutch 18th century cloth merchant and banker Pieter Teyler van der Hulst to support the people in need and encourage worship, science and art (ter ondersteuning van behoeftigen en ter aanmoediging van godsdienst, wetenschap).	Teylers Stichting	Pieter Teyler van der Hulst
named after	Sant'Andrea in Via Flaminia (English: Saint Andrew on Via Flaminia) is a Roman Catholic church dedicated to St Andrew the Apostle in Rome, Italy.	Sant'Andrea in Via Flaminia	Andrew
named after	In mathematics, a Hadamard matrix, named after the French mathematician Jacques Hadamard, is a square matrix whose entries are either +1 or −1 and whose rows are mutually orthogonal.	Hadamard matrix	Jacques Hadamard
named after	The Avogadro constant is named after the early 19th-century Italian scientist Amedeo Avogadro, who, in 1811, first proposed that the volume of a gas (at a given pressure and temperature) is proportional to the number of atoms or molecules regardless of the nature of the gas.	Avogadro constant	Amedeo Avogadro
named after	5318 Dientzenhofer is a minor planet orbiting the Sun. It was named after Christoph Dientzenhofer (1655-1722) and his son Kilian Ignaz Dientzenhofer (1689-1751), members of the Dientzenhofer family of architects.	5318 Dientzenhofer	Christoph Dientzenhofer
named after	The Laplace plane or Laplacian plane of a planetary satellite, named after its discoverer Pierre-Simon Laplace (1749--1827), is a mean or reference plane about whose axis the instantaneous orbital plane of a satellite precesses.	Laplace plane	Pierre-Simon Laplace
named after	In mathematics, the Noether inequality, named after Max Noether, is a property of compact minimal complex surfaces that restricts the topological type of the underlying topological 4-manifold.	Noether inequality	Max Noether
named after	Knorr-Bremse (``Bremse'' meaning brake) is a manufacturer of braking systems for rail and commercial vehicles that has operated in the field for over 100 years.	Knorr-Bremse	brake
named after	The Collatz conjecture is a conjecture in mathematics named after Lothar Collatz, who first proposed it in 1937.	Collatz conjecture	Lothar Collatz
named after	ICMEC coordinates the Help Bring Them Home Campaign in 22 countries, in conjunction with International Missing Children's Day, to spotlight the issue of child abduction around the world, and to suggest to parents some steps they can take to protect their children.	International Missing Children's Day	child
named after	Mendeley, named after the biologist Gregor Mendel and chemist Dmitri Mendeleyev, was founded in November 2007 by three German PhD students and is based in London.	Mendeley	Gregor
named after	A Beatle boot is a style of boot that has been worn since the 1960s made popular by the English rock group The Beatles, for whom they were originally made.	Beatle boot	The Beatles
named after	Architype Van Doesburg is a geometric sans-serif typeface based upon a 1919 alphabet designed by Theo van Doesburg, a cofounder of the De Stijl art movement.	Architype Van Doesburg	Theo van Doesburg
named after	The park was opened in 1865 and originally named the ``Nieuwe Park'', but later renamed to ``Vondelpark'', after the 17th-century playwright and poet Joost van den Vondel.	Vondelpark	Joost van den Vondel
named after	Sankey diagrams are named after Irish Captain Matthew Henry Phineas Riall Sankey, who used this type of diagram in 1898 in a classic figure (see panel on right) showing the energy efficiency of a steam engine.	Sankey diagram	Matthew Henry Phineas Riall Sankey
named after	In abstract algebra and analysis, the Archimedean property, named after the ancient Greek mathematician Archimedes of Syracuse, is a property held by some algebraic structures, such as ordered or normed groups, and fields.	Archimedean property	Archimedes
named after	Ulexite was named for the German chemist Georg Ludwig Ulex (1811--1883) who first discovered it.	Ulexite	Georg Ludwig Ulex
named after	The European Academy of Sciences established the Blaise Pascal Medal in 2003 to recognise an outstanding and demonstrated personal contribution to science and technology and the promotion of excellence in research and education.	European Academy of Sciences	Blaise Pascal
named after	Haitz's law is named after Roland Haitz (1935-2015), a scientist at Agilent Technologies among others.	Haitz's law	Roland Haitz
named after	Lacanianism is the study of, and development of, the ideas and theories of the dissident French psychoanalyst Jacques Lacan.	Lacanianism	Jacques Lacan
named after	Shigellosis, also known as bacillary dysentery or Marlow syndrome, in its most severe manifestation, is a foodborne illness caused by infection by bacteria of the genus Shigella.	Shigellosis	Shigella
named after	The Turing machine was invented in 1936 by Alan Turing, who called it an a-machine (automatic machine).	Turing machine	Alan Turing
named after	The name Plan 9 from Bell Labs is a reference to the Ed Wood 1959 cult science fiction Z-movie Plan 9 from Outer Space.	Plan 9 from Bell Labs	Plan 9 from Outer Space
named after	The Philips Sport Vereniging (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈfilɪps ˌspɔrt fəˌreːnəɣɪŋ), English: Philips Sports Union), abbreviated as PSV and internationally known as PSV Eindhoven (ˌpeːjɛsˈfeː ˈɛi̯ntˌɦoːvə(n)) is a sports club from Eindhoven, Netherlands.	PSV Eindhoven	Philips
narrative location	Impact The Law of the Border was the beginning of ``New Cinema'' in Turkey it was realistic, and focused on social and economic problems and was a 180 turn from the dream like non realistic movies made in Turkey before it.	The Law of the Border	Turkey
narrative location	Decampitated was filmed in Colorado and finishing funds were provided by Troma Entertainment.	Decampitated	Colorado
narrative location	Bunny Lake Is Missing is a 1965 British psychological thriller film starring Laurence Olivier and directed and produced by Otto Preminger, who filmed it in black and white widescreen format in London.	Bunny Lake Is Missing	London
narrative location	Knight Without Armour (styled as Knight Without Armor in some releases) is a 1937 British historical drama film made by London Films and distributed by United Artists.	Knight Without Armour	London
narrative location	The Sky Walker seems to be a man walking in the air over Chicago, pushing a barrel-sized object.	The Sky Walker	Chicago
narrative location	Brewster McCloud is a 1970 movie, directed by Robert Altman, about a young recluse (Bud Cort, as the title character) who lives in a fallout shelter of the Houston Astrodome, where he is building a pair of wings so he can fly.	Brewster McCloud	Houston
narrative location	What a Hero! is a 1992 Hong Kong action comedy film directed by Benny Chan and starring Andy Lau and Maggie Cheung.	What a Hero!	Hong Kong
narrative location	After a decade of emigration, Zimbabweans now refer to London as Harare North.	Harare North	London
narrative location	Satellite City was a Welsh sitcom which started out originally as a radio show on BBC Radio Wales in 1994 and then evolved into a TV version made by BBC Wales and was first broadcast in 1996.	Satellite City	Wales
narrative location	The drama was centred on the fictional comprehensive school of Grange Hill in the (equally fictitious) borough of North London called ``Northam'' (although when filming moved to Liverpool in 2003, it ceased to have any specific location), and follows the lives of the students as they progress through school.	Grange Hill	London
narrative location	Remember the End is the second novel by the American writer Agnes Sligh Turnbull (1888--1982) and it is set in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania from the 1890s to World War I. The protagonist Alex MacTay is a Scotsman who is called to be a poet, but instead emigrates to America.	Remember the End	Pittsburgh
narrative location	Aimée & Jaguar is a 1999 German drama film set in Berlin during World War II. It was written and directed by Max Färberböck, based upon Erica Fischer's book, chronicling the actual lives of Lilly Wust and Felice Schragenheim during that time.	Aimée & Jaguar	Berlin
narrative location	The Mackinnons was a BBC Scotland drama series, which started in 1977.	The Mackinnons	Scotland
narrative location	In 1906 San Francisco, Frisco Jenny Sandoval (Ruth Chatterton), a denizen of the notorious Tenderloin district, wants to marry piano player Dan McAllister (James Murray), but her saloonkeeper father Jim (Robert Emmett O'Connor) is adamantly opposed to it.	Frisco Jenny	San Francisco
narrative location	The Importance of Being Icelandic is a 1998 documentary film by the filmmaker Jon Gustafsson (born in Iceland and living in Canada) that traces the steps of three Icelandic Canadians on a different quest of discovering their Icelandic heritage by going to Iceland.	The Importance of Being Icelandic	Canada
narrative location	The Beiderbecke Trilogy refers to three television serials written by Alan Plater and made by Yorkshire Television for the ITV network in the United Kingdom between 1984 and 1988.	The Beiderbecke Trilogy	Yorkshire
narrative location	Upendra and the entire team of Topiwala celebrated a success meet of the movie at the Udayavani Head Office in Bangalore, by launching a campaign against corruption.	Topiwala	Bangalore
narrative location	The 1997 MTV Europe Music Awards were held at The Ahoy, Rotterdam, Netherlands and were hostd by Ronan Keating.	1997 MTV Europe Music Awards	Ahoy, Rotterdam
narrative location	Gaily, Gaily (released in the United Kingdom as Chicago, Chicago) is a 1969 American comedy film directed by Norman Jewison.	Gaily, Gaily	Chicago
narrative location	Infernal Affairs III is a 2003 Hong Kong crime thriller film directed by Andrew Lau and Alan Mak.	Infernal Affairs III	Hong Kong
narrative location	Gunpowder, Treason & Plot is a 2004 BBC miniseries loosely based upon the lives of Mary, Queen of Scots, and her son James VI of Scotland.	Gunpowder, Treason & Plot	Scotland
narrative location	Set in Glendale, California, in the 1930s, the book is the story of middle-class housewife Mildred Pierce's attempts to maintain her family's social position during the Great Depression.	Mildred Pierce	California
narrative location	Different from You and Me (§175) centers around the well-to-do Teichmann family in Berlin.	Different from You and Me	Berlin
narrative location	Wo Hu is a 2006 Hong Kong crime film directed by Marco Mak and Wang Guangli starring Eric Tsang, Francis Ng, Jordan Chan, Sonija Kwok, Michael Miu, Julian Cheung and with a special appearance by Shawn Yue.	Wo Hu	Hong Kong
narrative location	KDKA Sports Showdown is a weekly Pittsburgh-based sports talk show airing at 11:35 Sunday nights on KDKA-TV Pittsburgh.	KDKA Sports Showdown	Pittsburgh
narrative location	Boggy Creek (also Boggy Creek: The Legend Is True) is a 2011 American horror film directed by Brian T. Jaynes, written by Jennifer Minar-Jaynes, and starring Texas Battle, Stephanie Honoré, Damon Lipari, Shavon Kirksey, and Melissa Carnell as college students attacked by legendary creatures that resemble Bigfoot.	Boggy Creek	Texas
narrative location	An Adventurous Automobile Trip (French: Le Raid Paris--Monte-Carlo en automobile or Le Raid Paris--Monte-Carlo en deux heures) is a 1905 French short silent comedy film directed by Georges Méliès.	An Adventurous Automobile Trip	Paris
narrative location	A satirical look at Cambridge life and the struggle between tradition and reform, Porterhouse Blue tells the story of Skullion, the Head Porter of a fictional Cambridge college, Porterhouse.	Porterhouse Blue	Cambridge
narrative location	A Conspiracy of Paper is a historical-mystery novel by David Liss, set in London in the period leading up to the bursting of the South Sea Bubble in 1720.	A Conspiracy of Paper	London
native language	François, marquis de Chasseloup-Laubat (August 18, 1754 -- October 3, 1833), French general and military engineer, was born at Saint-Sernin (Charente Inferieure), of a noble family, and entered the French engineers in 1774.	François, marquis de Chasseloup-Laubat	French
native language	Didier Van Cauwelaert (born July 29, 1960) is a French author of Belgian descent who was born in Nice.	Didier Van Cauwelaert	French
native language	Jakob Kaiser (8 February 1888 -- 7 May 1961) was a German politician and resistance leader during World War II. Jakob Kaiser was born in the Franconian town of Hammelburg.	Jakob Kaiser	German
native language	Marie Sallé (1707--1756) was a French dancer and choreographer known for her expressive, dramatic performances rather than a series of ``leaps and frolics'' typical of ballet of her time.	Marie Sallé	French
native language	Heribert Rech (born April 25, 1950 in Östringen) is a German lawyer and politician.	Heribert Rech	German
original network	Philip Marlowe, Private Eye is an American mystery series that aired on HBO in the United States from April 16, 1983 through June 3, 1986, and on ITV in the United Kingdom.	Philip Marlowe, Private Eye	HBO
original network	Front Page Detective is an American crime drama series which aired on the DuMont Television Network on Fridays at 9:30 p.m. ET from July 6, 1951 to September 19, 1952, and in October and November 1953.	Front Page Detective	DuMont Television Network
original network	Workaholics is an American sitcom that premiered on Comedy Central on April 6, 2011.	Workaholics	Comedy Central
original network	Ace Crawford, Private Eye is an American sitcom that aired on CBS from March to April 1983.	Ace Crawford, Private Eye	CBS
original network	Hot Babes Doing Stuff Naked is a collection of segments currently being shown on Playboy TV that showcase models and adult actresses doing various outdoor activities without clothing.	Hot Babes Doing Stuff Naked	Playboy TV
original network	Paul Merton in Europe is a six-part television series airing on Channel 5 from 11 January 2010 onwards.	Paul Merton in Europe	Channel 5
original network	The Black Donnellys is an American television drama that debuted on NBC on February 26, 2007 and last aired on April 2, 2007.	The Black Donnellys	NBC
original network	Confessions of a Teen Idol is an American reality series that began airing on VH1 on January 4, 2009 and concluded on February 22, 2009.	Confessions of a Teen Idol	VH1
original network	The Week in Politics is an Irish news and current affairs programme broadcast on RTÉ One and RTÉ News Now.	The Week in Politics	RTÉ One
original network	Made in Canada is a Canadian television situation comedy which aired on CBC Television from 1998 to 2003.	Made in Canada	CBC Television
original network	The Daily 10 (also known as The D10) is an American daily television entertainment news show that aired on cable channel E! from March 2006 to October 2010.	The Daily 10	E
original network	Fair City is an Irish television soap opera on RTÉ One.	Fair City	RTÉ One
original network	Total Divas is an American reality television series that premiered on July 28, 2013, on E!.	Total Divas	E
original network	Duas Caras (English: Two Faces) is a Brazilian telenovela that debuted on October 1, 2007 till May 31, 2008 on Rede Globo.	Duas Caras	Rede Globo
original network	The Disordered Mind is a Canadian medical documentary television miniseries which aired sporadically on CBC Television in 1960, 1963 and 1966.	The Disordered Mind	CBC Television
original network	Fabulous 30 (Chinese: 女人30情定水舞間; pinyin: nǚ rén 30 qíng dìng shuǐ wǔ jiān) is a 2014 Taiwanese romantic comedy television series produced by Sanlih E-Television.	Fabulous 30	Sanlih E-Television
original network	Summer Heights High was a massive ratings success for the Australian Broadcasting Corporation, and was met with mostly positive critical reaction.	Summer Heights High	Australian Broadcasting Corporation
original network	Ultimate Factories also known as Megafactories is an American documentary television series that premiered in 2006 on the National Geographic Channel.	Ultimate Factories	National Geographic Channel
original network	Papi Ricky was a 2007 Chilean telenovela produced and broadcast by Canal 13.	Papi Ricky	Canal 13
original network	S1ngles (also written s1NgLEs) is a Greek television dramedy series that airs on Mega Channel.	S1ngles	Mega Channel
original network	The Greatest Canadian Invention is a television mini-series originally aired on CBC Television.	The Greatest Canadian Invention	CBC Television
original network	Zehu Ze! (Hebrew: זהו זה!‎, lit. This is it!) was a long-running Israeli entertainment television program produced by Israeli Educational Television (IETV) and broadcast on the Israeli Channel 1 (until 1994) and Channel 2 on which the IETV has special broadcasting hours.	Zehu Ze!	Israeli Educational Television
original network	Okkupert (English title: Occupied) is a Norwegian political thriller TV series in 10 episodes that premiered on TV 2 on 5 October 2015.	Okkupert	TV 2
original network	Coke Time with Eddie Fisher is an American musical variety television series starring singer Eddie Fisher which was broadcast by NBC on Wednesday nights in early prime time from 1953 to 1957.	Coke Time with Eddie Fisher	NBC
original network	The Con Test was an Australian game show which premiered on 7 February 2007 on Network Ten.	The Con Test	Network Ten
original network	30 Minute Meals is a Food Network show hosted by Rachael Ray.	30 Minute Meals	Food Network
original network	Austin & Ally is an American teen sitcom that originally aired on Disney Channel from December 2, 2011 to January 10, 2016.	Austin & Ally	Disney Channel
original network	Bom Dia São Paulo (Portuguese for Good Morning São Paulo) is a Brazilian news showed by local station of Rede Globo in São Paulo, presented by Rodrigo Bocardi.	Bom Dia São Paulo	Rede Globo
original network	The Don Lane Show was an Australian talk show television series aired on Nine Network in 1975 until 10 November 1983.	The Don Lane Show	Nine Network
original network	Eisenbahn-Romantik is not just broadcast on SWR Fernsehen, but also on SR Fernsehen, NDR Fernsehen, hr-fernsehen, MDR Fernsehen and rbb Fernsehen programmes.	Eisenbahn-Romantik	SWR Fernsehen
original network	Iisa Pa Lamang (lit. The Only One So Far) is a Philippine drama series aired in ABS-CBN.	Iisa Pa Lamang	ABS-CBN
original network	Shorty McShorts' Shorts is a Disney Channel animated anthology series, which consisted of 4-5 minute shorts.	Shorty McShorts' Shorts	Disney Channel
original network	Repo Games is an American game show on Spike.	Repo Games	Spike
original network	Letters to Laugh-In is a daytime game show and spin-off of NBC's popular nighttime comedy series at the time, Rowan & Martin's Laugh-In, that aired on the network from September 29 to December 26, 1969.	Letters to Laugh-In	NBC
original network	Off Pitch is an American reality documentary television series that debuted on VH1 on April 17, 2013.	Off Pitch	VH1
original network	London Ink is a reality show on Discovery Real Time that follows Louis Molloy and three other tattoo artists.	London Ink	Discovery Real Time
original network	Insomniac with Dave Attell is a television show on Comedy Central hosted by comedian Dave Attell which ran from August 5, 2001 until November 11, 2004.	Insomniac with Dave Attell	Comedy Central
original network	The Rachel Maddow Show (also abbreviated TRMS) is a daily news and opinion television program that airs on MSNBC, running in the 9:00 pm ET timeslot.	The Rachel Maddow Show	MSNBC
original network	New York Goes to Work is a reality VH1 series that first premiered on May 4, 2009.	New York Goes to Work	VH1
original network	The Clear Horizon is an American soap opera which ran on CBS Daytime from July 11, 1960 to March 10, 1961 and February 26 to June 15, 1962.	The Clear Horizon	CBS
original network	Set contemporaneously with its original broadcast on ITV in 1978 and 1980, The Sandbaggers examines the effect of the espionage game on the personal and professional lives of British and American intelligence specialists.	The Sandbaggers	ITV
original network	Country Fried Planet or CFP is an American television program that is aired on the Country Music Television cable network.	Country Fried Planet	Country Music Television
original network	Are You Fitter Than a Pensioner? is a British television series first aired on BBC Three in 2010.	Are You Fitter Than a Pensioner?	BBC Three
original network	According to Bex (originally titled Everything I Know About Men) is a British sitcom that aired on BBC One in 2005.	According to Bex	BBC One
original network	Living Lohan is an American reality television series that debuted on E! on May 26, 2008.	Living Lohan	E
original network	The Dinah Shore Show is an American variety show which was broadcast by NBC from November 1951 to July 1957, sponsored by General Motors' Chevrolet division.	The Dinah Shore Show	NBC
original network	Pat Sajak Weekend is a talk show that aired Sunday nights on Fox News Channel and starred Pat Sajak.	Pat Sajak Weekend	Fox News Channel
original network	La Ferme Célébrités is the French version of the international TV show The Farm, produced in France by Endemol and broadcast on TF1.	La Ferme Célébrités	TF1
original network	Grandma's House is a sitcom television series broadcast on BBC Two.	Grandma's House	BBC Two
original network	Almost Perfect is an American situation comedy that aired on the CBS television network from September 17, 1995 until October 30, 1996.	Almost Perfect	CBS
original network	Guide Right is an American musical variety show which aired on the DuMont Television Network from February 25, 1952 to February 5, 1954.	Guide Right	DuMont Television Network
original network	Make the Connection was an American game show, sponsored by Borden, that ran on Thursday nights from July 7 to September 29, 1955 on NBC.	Make the Connection	NBC
original network	True Life is an American documentary television series that has been airing on MTV since March 31, 1998.	True Life	MTV
original network	John King, USA was an hour-long television news show hosted by John King on CNN.	John King, USA	CNN
original network	Barris and Company was a Canadian variety and talk television series which aired on CBC Television from 1968 to 1969.	Barris and Company	CBC Television
original network	Adam DeVine's House Party is an American comedy television series on Comedy Central starring Adam DeVine that is part stand-up comedy show and part sitcom.	Adam DeVine's House Party	Comedy Central
original network	Tom Daley Goes Global (previously titled Tom Daley Takes on the World) is a British television documentary show shown on ITV2 which began airing on 10 April 2014.	Tom Daley Goes Global	ITV2
original network	Scotland Today was a Scottish regional news programme covering Central Scotland, produced by STV Central (formerly Scottish Television).	Scotland Today	Scottish Television
original network	María del Mar is a Venezuelan telenovela produced by Venevisión in 1978.	María del Mar	Venevisión
original network	The Film Review (formerly Film 24) is a 10-minute film related programme shown on BBC News each Friday evening at 5.45pm.	The Film Review	BBC News
original network	Kya Dill Mein Hai is a Hindi language Indian drama television series which premiered on December 1, 2007 on 9X.	Kya Dill Mein Hai	9X
original network	Haunted Collector is an American television reality series which airs on the Syfy cable television channel.	Haunted Collector	Syfy
original network	The Meltdown with Jonah and Kumail is a stand-up comedy television series that currently airs on Comedy Central in the United States.	The Meltdown with Jonah and Kumail	Comedy Central
original network	The Cho Show is a reality-sitcom starring comedian Margaret Cho which premiered on VH1 on August 21, 2008.	The Cho Show	VH1
original network	Happy Sunday (Korean: 해피 선데이) is a Korean reality-variety show shown on the KBS2 network, which competes directly against MBC's Sunday Night and SBS's Good Sunday line-up.	Happy Sunday	KBS2
original network	ITV News Anglia is a regional television news and current affairs programme, produced by ITV Anglia, serving the East of England.	ITV News Anglia	ITV Anglia
original network	The Woodsmen is a Canadian series of shorts seen on The Comedy Network as a segment on its homegrown variety show Canadian Comedy Shorts.	The Woodsmen	The Comedy Network
original network	Cha$e (pronounced Chase) is a reality television show aired on Syfy in the United States around the same time as Estate of Panic.	Cha$e	Syfy
original network	What Chilli Wants is an American reality television series that premiered on April 11, 2010, on VH1 starring Chilli, one-third of the Grammy Award-winning R&B trio TLC.	What Chilli Wants	VH1
original network	The Family Circle was a Canadian documentary television series which aired on CBC Television in 1957.	The Family Circle	CBC Television
original network	Lavanya is an Indian television series that premiered on 28 March 2004 on Zee TV.	Lavanya	Zee TV
original network	El amor está de moda (Love is in Fashion) is a 1995 Chilean telenovela produced and broadcast by Canal 13, based on the Brazilian telenovela Ti Ti Ti created by Cassiano Gabus Mendes.	El amor está de moda	Canal 13
original network	Disrupt with Karen Finney is a political news and commentary television program that aired weekends at 4:00 p.m. ET on MSNBC from 2013 to 2014.	Disrupt with Karen Finney	MSNBC
original network	Eischied (pronounced as ``eye-shyed'') was an American crime drama broadcast on NBC from September 21, 1979 to January 20, 1980.	Eischied	NBC
original network	Dead at 21 is a television series broadcast by MTV in 1994.	Dead at 21	MTV
original network	Starting Point (formerly Starting Point with Soledad O'Brien) was a morning television show on CNN anchored by Soledad O'Brien.	Starting Point	CNN
original network	Kevin from Work is an American situation comedy television series on ABC Family.	Kevin from Work	ABC Family
original network	On October 12, 2010, Lifetime ordered 20 episodes of Seriously Funny Kids.	Seriously Funny Kids	Lifetime
original network	Worst Best Friends is an Australian children's television series first screened on Network Ten in 2002.	Worst Best Friends	Network Ten
original network	2 Minute Drill is an ESPN game show based on the general knowledge UK game show Mastermind.	2 Minute Drill	ESPN
original network	Gophers! was a Channel 4 children's programme about a family of American gophers who move into a new neighbourhood, called Sycamore Heights, living next door to a family of uptight but well-intentioned rabbits, The Burrows.	Gophers!	Channel 4
original network	Moises Rules! is a short form sports television series and a Disney XD Original Short Series in which kids challenge Moises Arias (of Hannah Montana) to different sports challenges.	Moises Rules!	Disney XD
original network	Issues and Answers was a once-weekly TV news program that was telecast by the American Broadcasting Company network from 1960 to 1981.	Issues and Answers	American Broadcasting Company
original network	My Strange Addiction is an American documentary television series that premiered on TLC on December 29, 2010.	My Strange Addiction	TLC
original network	What's New, Mr. Magoo? is an American animated television series which aired from September 10, 1977, to December 24, 1977, on CBS.	What's New, Mr. Magoo?	CBS
original network	Father, Dear Father is a British television sitcom produced by Thames Television for ITV from 1968 to 1973 starring Patrick Cargill.	Father, Dear Father	ITV
original network	Max and Paddy's Road to Nowhere is a British comedy television show on Channel 4 starring and written by Peter Kay and Paddy McGuinness.	Max and Paddy's Road to Nowhere	Channel 4
original network	Earplay was the longest-running of the formal series of radio drama anthologies on National Public Radio, produced by WHA in Madison, Wisconsin and heard from 1972 into the 1990s.	Earplay	WHA
original network	Marido en alquiler (Lit: Husband for Rent / English: My Dear Handyman), originally known as Reina Madre (Queen Mother), is an American Spanish-language telenovela produced by United States-based television network Telemundo Studios, Miami, and Brazilian Rede Globo.	Marido en alquiler	Telemundo
original network	CBC Film Festival is a Canadian feature film television series which aired on CBC Television from 1979 to 1980.	CBC Film Festival	CBC Television
original network	Mysteries at the National Parks is an American reality television series that premiered on May 1, 2015, on the Travel Channel.	Mysteries at the National Parks	Travel Channel
original network	Taken Out is an Australian television dating game show that was originally broadcast on Network Ten between 1 September 2008 and 26 February 2009.	Taken Out	Network Ten
original network	Secret Girlfriend is an American television series which aired in October and November 2009 on Comedy Central.	Secret Girlfriend	Comedy Central
original network	Twitch City is a Canadian sitcom produced by CBC Television.	Twitch City	CBC Television
original network	American Body Shop is an improvised comedy show on Comedy Central that revolves around a dysfunctional body shop in suburban Phoenix, Arizona and the accident-prone crew that works there.	American Body Shop	Comedy Central
original network	TV Offal was a British television comedy sketch/archive series that ran on Channel 4, from October 1997 to June 1998.	TV Offal	Channel 4
original network	After Four was a Canadian youth television series which aired on CBC Television from 1977 to 1978.	After Four	CBC Television
original network	What to Eat Now is a six-part series, broadcast on BBC Two and presented by chef Valentine Warner.	What to Eat Now	BBC Two
original network	Fox Major League Baseball (shortened to Fox MLB and also known as Major League Baseball on Fox, MLB on Fox, or MLB on FS1) is the branding used for broadcasts of Major League Baseball (MLB) games produced by Fox Sports, the sports division of the Fox Broadcasting Company (Fox).	Fox Major League Baseball	Fox Broadcasting Company
original network	SportsCentury is an ESPN biography program that reviews the people and athletic events that defined sports in North America throughout the 20th and 21st centuries.	SportsCentury	ESPN
original network	Wowowee (wa-WAH-wee) was a Philippine noon time variety show broadcast by ABS-CBN.	Wowowee	ABS-CBN
original network	The Laytons was an American sitcom that was broadcast on the now defunct DuMont Television Network, from August to October 1948.	The Laytons	DuMont Television Network
original network	Niños Ricos, Pobres Padres(Generation Y) is a Colombian telenovela produced by the United States-based television network Telemundo.	Niños Ricos, Pobres Padres	Telemundo
original network	Yuanfang De Jia (Chinese: 远方的家; pinyin: Yuǎnfāng De Jiā) is a travel documentary series created by China Central Television, which was first broadcast on 1 December 2010, on CCTV-1, CCTV-4, and CCTV-22.	Yuanfang De Jia	CCTV-1
original network	The Stage Door is an American drama series that aired live on CBS Tuesday night from 9:00 pm to 9:30 eastern time from February 7, 1950 to March 28, 1950.	The Stage Door	CBS
original network	Kentucky Jones, which ran on NBC from September 19, 1964, to September 11, 1965, was the first of Weaver's four series, the most successful having been McCloud, since he left the role of the marshal's helper Chester Goode on CBS's western classic Gunsmoke, starring James Arness.	Kentucky Jones	NBC
original network	Old episodes of Medical Detectives now air on TruTV under the Forensic Files label.	Forensic Files	TruTV
original network	Points East, Points West is a Canadian musical variety television series which aired on CBC Television in 1976.	Points East, Points West	CBC Television
original network	DietTribe is an American documentary-reality series on Lifetime.	DietTribe	Lifetime
original network	Delocated (or known in the title card as Delocated New York) is an American television series that premiered February 12, 2009 on Adult Swim.	Delocated	Adult Swim
parent taxon	Cochliopa is a genus of freshwater snails, specifically cave snails, aquatic gastropod mollusks in the family Cochliopidae.	Cochliopa	Cochliopidae
parent taxon	Gossweilerodendron is a genus of two species of legumes in the family Fabaceae, subfamily Caesalpinioideae, native to tropical western Africa.	Gossweilerodendron	Fabaceae
parent taxon	Cloud sponge (Aphrocallistes vastus) is a primitive organism of the order Hexactinosida in the class Hexactinellida.	Cloud sponge	Aphrocallistes
parent taxon	Rhodacanthis is an extinct genus of Hawaiian honeycreeper.	Rhodacanthis	Hawaiian honeycreeper
parent taxon	Parvobasidium is a genus of two species of crust fungi in the family Cystostereaceae.	Parvobasidium	Cystostereaceae
parent taxon	Walckenaeria is a large spider genus in the family Linyphiidae.	Walckenaeria	Linyphiidae
parent taxon	The Tripteroceratidae is a family of depressed, straight to slightly curved nautiloid cephalopods from the middle and upper Ordovician with generally flattened venters and empty siphuncles with straight to inflated sedments included in the Oncocerida (Sweet, 1964).	Tripteroceratidae	Oncocerida
parent taxon	Bulldog lightfish, also known as Ichthyococcus irregularis, is a species of the genus Ichthyococcus.	Bulldog lightfish	Ichthyococcus
parent taxon	Prionorhynchiidae is an extinct family of brachiopods belonging to the order Rhynchonellida.	Prionorhynchiidae	Rhynchonellida
parent taxon	Linepithema is a genus of small ants in the subfamily Dolichoderinae.	Linepithema	Dolichoderinae
parent taxon	Endo's pipistrelle (Pipistrellus endoi) is a species of vesper bat.	Endo's pipistrelle	Pipistrellus
parent taxon	Penetopteryx nanus (N. Rosén, 1911) (lost pipefish) Penetopteryx taeniocephalus Lunel, 1881	Penetopteryx	pipefish
parent taxon	The Kaup's arrowtooth eel (Synaphobranchus kaupii, also known as the Kaup's cut-throat eel, the Gray's cutthroat, the Longnosed eel, the Northern cutthroat eel, or the Slatjaw cutthroat eel) is an eel in the family Synaphobranchidae (cutthroat eels).	Kaup's arrowtooth eel	Synaphobranchus
parent taxon	The tribe Dalbergieae is an early-branching monophyletic clade of the flowering plant subfamily Faboideae or Papilionaceae.	Dalbergieae	Faboideae
parent taxon	Chayote (Sechium edule) is an edible plant belonging to the gourd family Cucurbitaceae, along with melons, cucumbers and squash.	Chayote	Sechium
parent taxon	The Golden bush robin (Tarsiger chrysaeus) is a species of songbird in the family Muscicapidae, found in the northern regions of the Indian subcontinent and parts of Southeast Asia.	Golden bush robin	Tarsiger
parent taxon	Elatine is one of only two genera in the plant family Elatinaceae, the waterwort family.	Elatine	Elatinaceae
parent taxon	Heterobostrychus is a genus of beetles in the family Bostrichidae, the horned powder post beetles.	Heterobostrychus	Bostrichidae
parent taxon	Orientus is a genus of leafhoppers belonging to the family Cicadellidae subfamily Deltocephalinae.	Orientus	Deltocephalinae
parent taxon	The Antiguan racer (Alsophis antiguae) is a harmless rear-fanged (opisthoglyphous) grey-brown snake that was until recently found only on Great Bird Island off the coast of Antigua, in the Eastern Caribbean.	Antiguan racer	Alsophis
parent taxon	Hoffmanns's titi (Callicebus hoffmannsi) is a species of titi, a type of New World monkey, endemic to Brazil.	Hoffmanns's titi	Callicebus
parent taxon	Chinese parsnip root is the root or caudex of Chinese parsnip (Saposhnikovia divaricata).	Chinese parsnip root	Saposhnikovia
parent taxon	Alberch's salamander (Bolitoglossa alberchi) is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae.	Alberch's salamander	Bolitoglossa
parent taxon	Huerniopsis is a genus of plants in the Apocynaceae, first described in 1878.	Huerniopsis	Apocynaceae
parent taxon	The Sumba boobook (Ninox rudolfi) is a species of owl in the family Strigidae.	Sumba boobook	Ninox
parent taxon	Philinoidea is a taxonomic superfamily of sea slugs, specifically headshield slugs, marine gastropod mollusks in the clade Cephalaspidea.	Philinoidea	Cephalaspidea
parent taxon	Laverania is a subgenus of the Plasmodium genus of parasitic protozoa.	Laverania	Plasmodium
parent taxon	The Fueguian sprat or Falkland sprat, Sprattus fuegensis, is a herring-like, marine fish in the family Clupeidae found in the subtropical southwest Atlantic Ocean from 40° S to Tierra del Fuego and the Falkland Islands.	Falkland sprat	Sprattus
parent taxon	Paronychomys is an extinct genus of Cricetidae that existed in Arizona during the Hemphillian period.	Paronychomys	Cricetidae
parent taxon	Crateranthus is a genus of woody plant in the Lecythidaceae family first described as a genus in 1913.	Crateranthus	Lecythidaceae
parent taxon	The Reptilian snake eel (Brachysomophis henshawi, also known as the Henshaw's snake eel, the Hawaiian crocodile eel, or the Crocodile snake eel) is an eel in the family Ophichthidae (worm/snake eels).	Reptilian snake eel	Brachysomophis
parent taxon	Cebrioninae is a subfamily of click beetles from the Elateridae family.	Cebrioninae	Elateridae
parent taxon	Brachypalpus is a genus hoverflies, from the family Syrphidae, in the order Diptera.	Brachypalpus	Syrphidae
parent taxon	Marshall's horseshoe bat (Rhinolophus marshalli) is a species of bat in the family Rhinolophidae.	Marshall's horseshoe bat	Rhinolophus
parent taxon	Hesperolaburnum platycarpum is a species of flowering plants in the legume family, Fabaceae.	Hesperolaburnum	Fabaceae
parent taxon	The Apiomerini are a tribe of the Harpactorinae (assassin bugs).	Apiomerini	Harpactorinae
parent taxon	The Madidi titi, also known as the GoldenPalace.com Monkey or the golden palace monkey (Callicebus aureipalatii, ``aureipalatii'' meaning ``of the Golden Palace''), is a titi, a kind of New World monkey, discovered in western Bolivia's Madidi National Park in 2004.	Madidi titi	Callicebus
parent taxon	Cyclocheilichthys is a genus of ray-finned fish in the family Cyprinidae containing approximately eight valid species.	Cyclocheilichthys	Cyprinidae
parent taxon	Hadrosaurus has also traditionally served as the basis for a large subfamily called Hadrosaurinae, which was seen as a group of largely crestless group of hadrosaurs related to the crested subfamily Lambeosaurinae.	Hadrosaurus	Hadrosaurinae
parent taxon	Centrosema, the butterfly peas, is a genus of (mainly tropical) American vines in the legume family (Fabaceae).	Centrosema	Fabaceae
parent taxon	Doflein's salamander (Bolitoglossa dofleini) is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae.	Doflein's salamander	Bolitoglossa
parent taxon	The Indian spotted creeper (Salpornis spilonotus) is a small passerine bird, which is a member of the subfamily Salpornithinae which is placed along with the treecreepers in the family Certhiidae.	Indian spotted creeper	Salpornis
parent taxon	The Cumberland leafshell or Steward's pearly mussel, Epioblasma stewardsonii, is an extinct species of freshwater mussel, an aquatic bivalve mollusk in the family Unionidae, the river mussels.	Cumberland leafshell	Epioblasma
parent taxon	Odontodactylus is a genus of mantis shrimp, the only genus in the family Odontodactylidae.	Odontodactylus	Odontodactylidae
parent taxon	Palparidiini is an antlion tribe in the subfamily Palparinae.	Palparidiini	Palparinae
parent taxon	The Germain's swiftlet (Aerodramus germani) is a species of swift.	Germain's swiftlet	Aerodramus
parent taxon	The Mascarene martin or Mascarene swallow (Phedina borbonica) is a passerine bird in the swallow family that breeds in Madagascar and in the Mascarene Islands.	Mascarene martin	Phedina
parent taxon	Lysimachia foemina (commonly known as Poorman's Weatherglass and formerly known as Anagallis foemina) is a low-growing annual herbaceous plant of the genus Lysimachia belonging to the Primulaceae family.	Lysimachia foemina	Anagallis
parent taxon	The Kaironk big-eyed tree frog, Nyctimystes foricula is a species of frog in the Hylidae family, endemic to Papua New Guinea.	Kaironk big-eyed tree frog	Nyctimystes
parent taxon	The Ussuri white-toothed shrew (Crocidura lasiura) is a species of musk shrew found on the mainland Northeast Asia.	Ussuri white-toothed shrew	Crocidura
parent taxon	Meligramma is a genus of hoverflies in the subfamily Syrphinae.	Meligramma	Syrphinae
parent taxon	The Algerian three-toed skink or seps tridactyle de l'Algerie (Chalcides mertensi) is a species of skink.	Algerian three-toed skink	Chalcides
parent taxon	Protoclaviger is an extinct Early Eocene transitional fossil myrmecophile of the rove beetle subfamily Pselaphinae, and a stem group of the modern supertribe Clavigeritae, of which Claviger is a representative.	Protoclaviger	Clavigeritae
parent taxon	Sterculioideae is a subfamily of the Malvaceae family containing evergreen and deciduous trees and shrubs.	Sterculioideae	Malvaceae
parent taxon	Trimerocephalus is a genus of eyeless trilobites from the order Phacopida, family Phacopidae.	Trimerocephalus	Phacopidae
parent taxon	Selenipedium is a genus of the Orchid family (Orchidaceae) (Subfamily Cypripedioideae).	Selenipedium	Cypripedioideae
parent taxon	Solenaspis is a monotypic genus of hoverfly from the family Syrphidae, in the order Diptera.	Solenaspis	Syrphidae
parent taxon	Elaphoglossoideae is a subfamily of the Dryopteridaceae family of ferns, based on the previously published family Elaphoglossaceae Pic.Serm.	Elaphoglossoideae	Dryopteridaceae
parent taxon	Calliostomatinae is a subfamily of gastropods, belonging to the family Calliostomatidae.	Calliostomatinae	Calliostomatidae
parent taxon	Copelatinae is a subfamily of diving beetles, in the Dytiscidae family.	Copelatinae	Dytiscidae
parent taxon	The Koepcke's hermit, ermite de Koepcke, or ermitaño de Koepcke (Phaethornis koepckeae) is a species of hummingbird in the Trochilidae family.	Koepcke's hermit	Phaethornis
parent taxon	Conasprelloides is a subgenus of sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.	Conasprelloides	Conidae
parent taxon	Rhopalosilpha wasmanni is a species of beetle in the family Dermestidae, the only species in the genus Rhopalosilpha.	Rhopalosilpha	Dermestidae
parent taxon	Swainson's flycatcher (Myiarchus swainsoni) is a species of bird in the Tyrannidae family.	Swainson's flycatcher	Myiarchus
parent taxon	Catantostomatidae is an extinct family of marine gastropods included in the Vetigastropoda and placed in the superfamily Pleurotomarioidea	Catantostomatidae	Pleurotomarioidea
parent taxon	Atractus is a genus of colubrid ground snakes in the Dipsadinae subfamily.	Atractus	Dipsadinae
parent taxon	Gasteria armstrongii (Gasteria nitida var. armstrongii) is a dwarf succulent plant native to South Africa, in the genus Gasteria.	Gasteria armstrongii	Gasteria nitida
parent taxon	The Diplodactylidae are a family in the suborder Gekkota (geckos), with about 137 species in 25 genera.	Diplodactylidae	Gekkota
parent taxon	Damasonium is a genus of six species of flowering plants in the family Alismataceae, commonly known as starfruit and by the older name thrumwort.	Damasonium	Alismataceae
parent taxon	Priacanthus is a genus of marine fishes belonging to the family Priacanthidae, the bigeyes.	Priacanthus	Priacanthidae
parent taxon	The Maui Nui finch (Telespiza ypsilon) is an extinct member of the genus Telespiza in the family Fringillidae.	Maui Nui finch	Telespiza
parent taxon	Gracilechinus is a genus of sea urchins in the family Echinidae.	Gracilechinus	Echinidae
parent taxon	Holcocera is a gelechoid moth genus of the Blastobasidae family.	Holcocera	Blastobasidae
parent taxon	Paraxanthias is a genus of crabs in the family Xanthidae, containing one exclusively fossil species and the following extant species:	Paraxanthias	Xanthidae
parent taxon	Drastea is a monotypic genus of moth in the Acrolophidae family.	Drastea	Acrolophidae
parent taxon	The Zapata wren (Ferminia cerverai) is a medium sized grayish-brown bird that lives in dense shrubs of the Zapata Swamp, Cuba.	Zapata wren	Ferminia
parent taxon	Niemeyera is a genus of plants in the Sapotaceae family described as a genus in 1870.	Niemeyera	Sapotaceae
parent taxon	Archidela is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae that was formed from the breakup of Cicindela.	Archidela	Carabidae
parent taxon	Alloherpesviridae is a family of viruses within the order Herpesvirales.	Alloherpesviridae	Herpesvirales
parent taxon	Zarigani (Cambaroides japonicus) is a species of crayfish endemic to Japan.	Zarigani	Cambaroides
parent taxon	Thaumatomyrmex is a Neotropical genus of ants in the subfamily Ponerinae, found from Mexico to Brazil.	Thaumatomyrmex	Ponerinae
parent taxon	Stachytarpheta is a plant genus in the verbena family (Verbenaceae).	Stachytarpheta	Verbenaceae
parent taxon	The Alta Floresta antpitta (Hylopezus whittakeri) is a species of antpitta of the Grallariidae family discovered in 2012.	Alta Floresta antpitta	Hylopezus
parent taxon	Like other members of the family Alvarezsauridae, the forelimbs of Parvicursor were short and stubby, with hands all but completely reduced to a single large claw, possibly useful for opening tough termite mounds or other types of digging.	Parvicursor	Alvarezsauridae
parent taxon	Haggard's leaf-eared mouse (Phyllotis haggardi) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.	Haggard's leaf-eared mouse	Phyllotis
parent taxon	The Kashmir cave bat (Myotis longipes) is a species of vesper bat.	Kashmir cave bat	Myotis
parent taxon	Acroloxidae, commonly known as river limpets, are a taxonomic family of very small, freshwater snails, aquatic pulmonate gastropod limpet-like mollusks with a simple flattened conical shell in the clade Hygrophila.	Acroloxidae	Hygrophila
parent taxon	The Long-headed hill rat (Bunomys prolatus) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.	Long-headed hill rat	Bunomys
parent taxon	Rubovietnamia is a genus of plants in the Rubiaceae, native to Vietnam and southern China.	Rubovietnamia	Rubiaceae
parent taxon	The Atlantic petrel (Pterodroma incerta) is a gadfly petrel endemic to the South Atlantic Ocean.	Atlantic petrel	gadfly petrel
parent taxon	Cutleriales is an order in the brown algae (class Phaeophyceae).	Cutleriales	Phaeophyceae
parent taxon	Tudorella is a genus of land snails, terrestrial gastropod mollusks in the family Pomatiidae.	Tudorella	Pomatiidae
parent taxon	Miliolacea is one of five superfamilies belonging to the Miliolida, (suborder Miliolina in Loeblich & Tappan 1988).	Miliolacea	Miliolida
parent taxon	Roth's tree frog or the northern laughing tree frog (Litoria rothii) is a tree frog native to northern Australia and southern Papua New Guinea.	Roth's tree frog	Litoria
parent taxon	Oreolais is an alternatively named genus for 2 species of bird in the Cisticolidae family most often placed in the genus Apalis.	Oreolais	Cisticolidae
parent taxon	The Canterbury mudfish, Neochanna burrowsius, also known as the kowaro, is found only on the Canterbury Plains in New Zealand.	Canterbury mudfish	Neochanna
parent taxon	Wilkiea is a genus of dioecious trees and shrubs of the family Monimiaceae.	Wilkiea	Monimiaceae
parent taxon	The Serpent Island gecko (Nactus serpensinsula) is a species of lizard in the Gekkonidae family.	Serpent Island gecko	Nactus
parent taxon	Xiurenbagrus is a genus of torrent catfishes (order Siluriformes) of the family Amblycipitidae.	Xiurenbagrus	Amblycipitidae
parent taxon	Heterixalus (commonly known as the Madagascan reed frog) is a genus of frogs in the Hyperoliidae family.	Heterixalus	Hyperoliidae
parent taxon	Silphedolestids are no longer recognized as a valid grouping, and Silphictidoides is now considered a basal member of the clade Baurioidea.	Silphictidoides	Baurioidea
parent taxon	The Morongo desert snail (Eremarionta morongoana) is a species of land snail in the family Helminthoglyptidae.	Morongo desert snail	Eremarionta
parent taxon	The Lulu's tody-flycatcher or Johnson's tody-flycatcher (Poecilotriccus luluae) is a species of bird in the Tyrannidae family.	Lulu's tody-flycatcher	Poecilotriccus
parent taxon	Agelaius is a genus of blackbirds in the New World family Icteridae.	Agelaius	Icteridae
parent taxon	Chondrostoma (from the Ancient Greek roots χόνδρος (khondros, ``lump'') + στόμα (stoma, ``mouth'') = ``lump-mouth'') is a genus of ray-finned fish in the family Cyprinidae.	Chondrostoma	Cyprinidae
parent taxon	The Oxyporinae are a subfamily of the Staphylinidae discovered in 1839 by Erichson.	Oxyporinae	Staphylinidae
parent taxon	It is the only species in the genus Santanachelys, which itself is a member of the extinct family Protostegidae.	Santanachelys	Protostegidae
parent taxon	Apis cerana, or the Asiatic honey bee (or the eastern honey bee), is a species of honey bee found in southern and southeastern Asia, including China, Pakistan, India, Korea, Japan, Malaysia, Nepal, Bangladesh, Papua New Guinea and Solomon Islands.	Apis cerana	honey bee
parent taxon	Parietobalaena is an extinct genus of baleen whale, belonging to the family Pelocetidae.	Parietobalaena	Pelocetidae
parent taxon	The Chilean flicker (Colaptes pitius) is a species of bird in the Picidae family.	Chilean flicker	Colaptes
parent taxon	The Peruvian sheartail (Thaumastura cora) is a species of hummingbird in the Trochilidae family.	Peruvian sheartail	Thaumastura
parent taxon	Evalina is a small genus of sea snails, pyramidellid gastropod mollusks in the tribe Chrysallidini within the family Pyramidellidae.	Evalina	Chrysallidini
parent taxon	Salticus is a spider genus of the Salticidae family (jumping spiders).	Salticus	Salticidae
parent taxon	Ablerus is a genus of chalcid wasps belonging to the family Aphelinidae.	Ablerus	Aphelinidae
parent taxon	The Brazilian heart-tongued frog, Phyllodytes kautskyi, is a species of frog in the Hylidae family endemic to Brazil.	Brazilian heart-tongued frog	Phyllodytes
parent taxon	Compared to Osteolaemus, which has a small body and blunt snout, Brochuchus has a more generalized crocodylid anatomy.	Brochuchus	crocodylid
parent taxon	Leucettida is an order in the subclass of Calcinea.	Leucettida	Calcinea
parent taxon	Tropaeolum peregrinum, the canary-creeper, canarybird flower, canarybird vine, or canary nasturtium, is a species of Tropaeolum native to western South America in Peru and possibly also Ecuador.	Tropaeolum peregrinum	nasturtium
parent taxon	The Navassa Island iguana (Cyclura cornuta onchiopsis) was a subspecies of rhinoceros iguana that was found on the Caribbean island of Navassa.	Cyclura cornuta onchiopsis	rhinoceros iguana
parent taxon	Argonauta argo, also known as the greater argonaut, is a species of pelagic octopus belonging to the genus Argonauta.	Argonauta argo	argonaut
parent taxon	Peltophryne is a genus of true toads, family Bufonidae, from the Greater Antilles (Cuba, Isla de Juventud, Hispaniola, Puerto Rico).	Peltophryne	Bufonidae
parent taxon	Doleserpeton is an extinct, monospecific genus of dissorophoidean temnospondyl within the family Amphibamidae that lived during the Upper Permian, 285 million years ago.	Doleserpeton	Amphibamidae
parent taxon	The Oecophorinae are the nominate subfamily of moths in the concealer moth family (Oecophoridae).	Oecophorinae	Oecophoridae
parent taxon	Senegalia modesta (commonly called Phulai in Pakistan, Phalāhī ਫਲਾਹੀ پھلاہی (Punjabi) in India) is a species of Acacia commonly found in Pakistan, India and Afghanistan.	Senegalia modesta	Acacia
parent taxon	Maizaniidae is a family of minute land snails with an operculum, terrestrial gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Cyclophoroidea (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005).	Maizaniidae	Cyclophoroidea
parent taxon	The Sitka deer or Sitka black-tailed deer (Odocoileus hemionus sitkensis), is a subspecies of mule deer (Odocoileus hemionus), similar to the Columbian black-tailed subspecies (O. h. colombianus).	Sitka deer	mule deer
parent taxon	The European nightcrawler, Eisenia hortensis or Dendrobaena veneta, is a medium-small earthworm averaging about 1.5 grams each when fully grown.	European nightcrawler	Eisenia
parent taxon	The California butterfly ray (Gymnura marmorata) is a species of ray in the family Gymnuridae.	California butterfly ray	Gymnura
parent taxon	Sturanyella is a genus of land snails with an operculum, terrestrial gastropod mollusks in the family Helicinidae, the helicinids.	Sturanyella	Helicinidae
parent taxon	The Hawaiʻi ʻakepa (Loxops coccineus) is an endangered ʻakepa native to Hawaiʻi in the Hawaiian Islands.	Hawaiʻi ʻakepa	Loxops
parent taxon	Phayre's leaf monkey (Trachypithecus phayrei), also known as Phayre's langur, is a species of lutung found in Southeast Asia.	Phayre's leaf monkey	Trachypithecus
parent taxon	The Yap monarch (Monarcha godeffroyi) is a species of bird in the Monarchidae family.	Yap monarch	Monarcha
parent taxon	Selenidera is a bird genus containing six species of dichromatic toucanets in the toucan family Ramphastidae.	Selenidera	Ramphastidae
parent taxon	The Symmocinae are a subfamily of moths in the superfamily Gelechioidea.	Symmocinae	Gelechioidea
parent taxon	Bovine immunodeficiency virus (BIV) is a retrovirus belonging to the Lentivirus genus.	Bovine immunodeficiency virus	Lentivirus
parent taxon	Sabuloglossum is a fungal genus in the earth tongue family Geoglossaceae.	Sabuloglossum	Geoglossaceae
parent taxon	Werner's toad (Rhaebo nasicus, formerly Bufo nasicus; in Spanish sapo narigudo) is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae.	Werner's toad	Rhaebo	Bufo
parent taxon	The Antillean mango (Anthracothorax dominicus) is a species of hummingbird in the Trochilidae family.	Antillean mango	Anthracothorax
parent taxon	Franz Nopcsa in 1912 correctly identified it as the front part of a neural arch. Craterosaurus was placed in Stegosauria by Galton, although subsequent authors did not recognize Craterosaurus as a distinct, valid taxon.	Craterosaurus	Stegosauria
parent taxon	The taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005 categorizes Tropidodiscidae in the superfamilia Bellerophontoidea within the Paleozoic molluscs of uncertain systematic position with isostrophically coiled shells (Gastropoda or Monoplacophora).	Tropidodiscidae	Bellerophontoidea
parent taxon	Phanoxyla is a genus of moths in the Sphingidae family, containing only one species, Phanoxyla hystrix, which is known from northern South America, including Brazil and Ecuador.	Phanoxyla	Sphingidae
parent taxon	Rutelinae is a subfamily of the scarab beetles (family Scarabaeidae).	Rutelinae	Scarabaeidae
parent taxon	The Jerusalem artichoke (Helianthus tuberosus), also called sunroot, sunchoke, earth apple or topinambour, is a species of sunflower native to eastern North America, and found from eastern Canada and Maine west to North Dakota, and south to northern Florida and Texas.	Jerusalem artichoke	Helianthus
parent taxon	The Porto Alegre golden-eyed tree frog, Trachycephalus mesophaeus, is a species of frog in the Hylidae family endemic to Brazil.	Porto Alegre golden-eyed tree frog	Trachycephalus
parent taxon	Bolson pupfish (Cyprinodon atrorus) is a species of fish in the Cyprinodontidae family.	Bolson pupfish	Cyprinodon
parent taxon	Dissiliaria is a genus of plants under the family Picrodendraceae described as a genus in 1867.	Dissiliaria	Picrodendraceae
parent taxon	Staphida is an alternatively named genus of bird in the Zosteropidae family.	Staphida	Zosteropidae
parent taxon	The Luzon Cordillera forest mouse (Apomys abrae) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae found only in the Philippines.	Luzon Cordillera forest mouse	Apomys
parent taxon	Dilsea is a red algae genus in the Dumontiaceae family.	Dilsea	Dumontiaceae
parent taxon	The New Zealand ruffe, Schedophilus huttoni, is a medusafish of the family Centrolophidae found in all southern oceans south of latitude 18°S, at depths of up to 1,000 m. Its length is up to 90 cm.	New Zealand ruffe	Schedophilus
parent taxon	Acartophthalmus is a genus of flies, one of only genera in the family Acartophthalmidae.	Acartophthalmus	Acartophthalmidae
parent taxon	Airbreathing catfishes are fishes comprising the family Clariidae of order Siluriformes.	Airbreathing catfish	Siluriformes
parent taxon	The African pompano (Alectis ciliaris) (also known as the pennant-fish and threadfin trevally) is a widely distributed species of tropical marine fish in the jack family, Carangidae.	African pompano	Alectis
parent taxon	The Ruwenzori turaco (Ruwenzorornis johnstoni) is a species of bird in the Musophagidae family.	Ruwenzori turaco	Ruwenzorornis
parent taxon	Platycrossos is a genus of Protocoleopteran beetle in the family Permosynidae.	Platycrossos	Permosynidae
parent taxon	Thymelicus is a Palearctic genus in the skipper butterfly family, Hesperiidae.	Thymelicus	Hesperiidae
parent taxon	Crithagra is a genus of small passerine birds in the finch family (Fringillidae).	Crithagra	Fringillidae
parent taxon	Daphoenictis is an extinct cat-like genus of the family Amphicyonidae (bear-dogs), subfamily Daphoeninae, endemic to North America during the Late Eocene-Oligocene epochs (36-26 million years ago), existing for approximately 10.2 million years.	Daphoenictis	Daphoeninae
parent taxon	Betula humilis is a species of birch that can be found in Europe and Asia.	Betula humilis	birch
parent taxon	The Lake Tebera rainbowfish (Melanotaenia herbertaxelrodi) is a species of fish in the Melanotaeniidae family endemic to Papua New Guinea.	Lake Tebera rainbowfish	Melanotaenia
parent taxon	Thoracopteridae is an extinct family of prehistoric bony fish; classified with the order Peltopleuriformes.	Thoracopteridae	Peltopleuriformes
parent taxon	Callionymus moretonensis, the Queensland stinkfish, is a species of dragonet native to the western Pacific Ocean where it can be found in the waters off of northwestern Australia, Papua New Guinea and Melanesia.	Queensland stinkfish	Callionymus
parent taxon	The Cascade torrent salamander (Rhyacotriton cascadae) is a species of salamander in the Rhyacotritonidae family.	Cascade torrent salamander	Rhyacotriton
parent taxon	Micronomus is a subgenus of the Mormopterus genus of bats.	Micronomus	Mormopterus
parent taxon	Ratardinae is a small subfamily of moths formerly placed in its own family Ratardidae and related to (and often included within) the Cossidae.	Ratardinae	Cossidae
parent taxon	Phthinosuchia was named by American paleontologist Everett C. Olson in 1961, who considered it the most primitive infraorder within Therapsida.	Phthinosuchia	Therapsida
parent taxon	Alamosaurus was in any case an advanced, or derived, member of the group Titanosauria, but its relationships within that group are far from certain.	Alamosaurus	Titanosauria
parent taxon	Umiaites is a Late Jurassic (Tithonian stage) ammonitid included in the Olcostephanidae which is part of the Perisphinctaceae.	Umiaites	Olcostephanidae
parent taxon	Flavivirus is a genus of viruses in the family Flaviviridae.	Flavivirus	Flaviviridae
parent taxon	The Coraya wren (Pheugopedius coraya) is a species of bird in the Troglodytidae family, the wrens.	Coraya wren	Pheugopedius
parent taxon	Mimocrypta is a genus of moths in the Sesiidae family containing only one species, Mimocrypta hampsoni, which is known from Uganda.	Mimocrypta	Sesiidae
parent taxon	Nudipleura are a clade of sea snails and sea slugs, marine gastropod mollusks within the large clade Heterobranchia.	Nudipleura	Heterobranchia
parent taxon	The Cambodian logsucker (Garra cambodgiensis), also known as stonelapping minnow or false Siamese algae eater, is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Garra.	Cambodian logsucker	Garra
parent taxon	Polymita, is a genus of large, air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Helminthoglyptidae.	Polymita	Helminthoglyptidae
parent taxon	Candaharia is a genus of air-breathing land slugs, terrestrial gastropod mollusks in the family Parmacellidae.	Candaharia	Parmacellidae
parent taxon	Metaplastes is a genus of katydids crickets in family Tettigoniidae subfamily Phaneropterinae.	Metaplastes	Tettigoniidae
parent taxon	The Kei myotis (Myotis stalkeri) is a species of vesper bat.	Kei myotis	Myotis
parent taxon	The Idaho pocket gopher (Thomomys idahoensis) is a species of rodent in the family Geomyidae.	Idaho pocket gopher	Thomomys
parent taxon	Acanthastrea is a genus of large polyp stony corals in the family Lobophylliidae.	Acanthastrea	Lobophylliidae
parent taxon	Hygromiinae (Tryon, 1866) is a taxonomic subfamily of land snails, terrestrial gastropod mollusks in the family Hygromiidae, the hairy snails and their allies.	Hygromiinae	Hygromiidae
parent taxon	The Rio de Janeiro antwren (Myrmotherula fluminensis) is a species of bird in the family Thamnophilidae.	Rio de Janeiro antwren	Myrmotherula
parent taxon	Isoperlinae is a subfamily in the family Perlodidae, also known as the perlodid stoneflies, stripetails or springflies.	Isoperlinae	Perlodidae
parent taxon	The Western Saharan spiny mouse (Acomys airensis) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae found in Mali, Mauritania, Niger, and possibly in Western Sahara, western Chad, and southern Algeria.	Western Saharan spiny mouse	Acomys
parent taxon	Lachnocnema, commonly called woolly legs, is a genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae found mainly in subsaharan Africa.	Lachnocnema	Lycaenidae
parent taxon	Pygicera scripta is a species of beetle in the family Buprestidae, the only species in the genus Pygicera.	Pygicera	Buprestidae
parent taxon	The Sulawesi nightjar (Caprimulgus celebensis) is a species of nightjar in the Caprimulgidae family.	Sulawesi nightjar	Caprimulgus
parent taxon	Anginon is a genus of flowering plant in the Apiaceae, with 12 species.	Anginon	Apiaceae
parent taxon	Pseudemodesa plenicornis is a moth in the Drepanidae family and only species in the Pseudemodesa genus.	Pseudemodesa	Drepanidae
parent taxon	Charopidae is a taxonomic family of small air-breathing land snails (and semi-slugs such as Otoconcha dimidiata), terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Punctoidea (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005).	Charopidae	Punctoidea
parent taxon	Alepidea is a genus of about twenty species in the botanical family Apiaceae, all of which are endemic to Africa.	Alepidea	Apiaceae
parent taxon	The Northern yellow-black triplefin (Enneapterygius gracilis), also known as the Northern Australian yellow-black triplefin, is a species of triplefin blenny in the genus Enneapterygius.	Northern yellow-black triplefin	Enneapterygius
parent taxon	Gulls, often referred to as seagulls, are seabirds of the family Laridae in the suborder Lari.	Gull	Lari
parent taxon	Gastrotheca is a genus of frogs (family Hemiphractidae) found in Central and South America.	Gastrotheca	Hemiphractidae
parent taxon	The Australian raven is distinguished from the Australian crow species by its throat hackles, which are prominent in adult birds.	Australian raven	crow
parent taxon	Paractenodes rudis is a species of beetle in the family Buprestidae, the only species in the genus Paractenodes.	Paractenodes	Buprestidae
parent taxon	Paramartinsia quadrimaculata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Paramartinsia.	Paramartinsia	Cerambycidae
parent taxon	The Mission golden-eyed tree frog or Amazon milk frog (Trachycephalus resinifictrix) is a large species of arboreal frog native to the Amazon Rainforest in South America.	Mission golden-eyed tree frog	Trachycephalus
parent taxon	Platycerium is a genus of about 18 fern species in the polypod family, Polypodiaceae.	Platycerium	Polypodiaceae
parent taxon	The Surat serotine (Eptesicus dimissus) is a species of vesper bat.	Surat serotine	Eptesicus
parent taxon	The Victorin's warbler (Cryptillas victorini), or Victorin's scrub warbler is a species of African warbler, formerly placed in the Sylviidae family.	Victorin's warbler	Cryptillas
parent taxon	The Stibadocerinae are a subfamily from the Long-bodied Craneflies family Cylindrotomidae.	Stibadocerinae	Cylindrotomidae
parent taxon	The Andean mountain cat (Leopardus jacobita) is a small wild cat native to the high Andes that has been classified as Endangered by IUCN because fewer than 2500 individuals are thought to exist in the wild.	Andean mountain cat	Leopardus
parent taxon	Whitemargin stargazer (Uranoscopus sulphureus) is a fish of family Uranoscopidae, widespread in the Indopacific:	Whitemargin stargazer	Uranoscopus
parent taxon	The Big-scale pomfret, Taractichthys longipinnis, is a species of pomfret found in the Atlantic ocean, at depths down to 500 metres (1,600 ft).	Big-scale pomfret	Taractichthys
parent taxon	Hodgson's bat (Myotis formosus), also called the copper-winged bat, is a species of vesper bat in the genus Myotis, the mouse-eared bats.	Hodgson's bat	Myotis
parent taxon	The Suweon tree frog, also spelled Suwon treefrog, Hyla suweonensis, is a species of tree frog found in western South Korea, probably from the Imjin River to the Bay of Asan.	Suweon tree frog	Hyla
parent taxon	The Dominican green-and-yellow macaw or Atwood's macaw (Ara atwoodi), also called the Dominican macaw, is an extinct macaw that may have lived on the island of Dominica.	Dominican green-and-yellow macaw	Ara
parent taxon	The Siberian chipmunk or common chipmunk (Eutamias sibiricus) appears across northern Asia from central Russia to China, Korea, and Hokkaidō in northern Japan.	Siberian chipmunk	Eutamias
parent taxon	The Santander dwarf squirrel Microsciurus santanderensis is a small tree squirrel endemic to Colombia.	Santander dwarf squirrel	Microsciurus
parent taxon	Genera Orchidacearum, which is currently the definitive work on orchid taxonomy, delimits Disinae as consisting of two closely related genera, Disa and Schizodium, and it places Disinae in the mostly African tribe Diseae, along with four other subtribes:	Disinae	Diseae
parent taxon	The Oriental leaf-toed gecko (Hemidactylus bowringii ) is a species of gecko endemic to Asia.	Oriental leaf-toed gecko	Hemidactylus
parent taxon	Amegilla is a large genus of bees in the tribe Anthophorini.	Amegilla	Anthophorini
parent taxon	Enicocephalomorpha is an infraorder of the hemipteran suborder Heteroptera (``true bugs'').	Enicocephalomorpha	Heteroptera
parent taxon	Teratolepis is a genus of geckos endemic to India, commonly known as Viper Geckos.	Teratolepis	geckos
parent taxon	The North American porcupine (Erethizon dorsatum), also known as the Canadian porcupine or common porcupine, is a large rodent in the New World porcupine family.	North American porcupine	Erethizon
parent taxon	Gymnosarda unicolor, commonly known as the Dogtooth tuna or White tuna, is a species of pelagic marine fish which belongs to the family Scombridae.	Dogtooth tuna	Gymnosarda
parent taxon	Acourtia is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family, Asteraceae described as a genus in 1830.	Acourtia	Asteraceae
parent taxon	Dampiera is a genus of plants in the Goodeniaceae family which are endemic to Australia occurring in all states.	Dampiera	Goodeniaceae
parent taxon	Flynn & Galiano, however, placed Ictidopappus as incertae sedis within this infraorder, and pointed out that the grouping of Palaeogale and the Viverravidae in the superfamily Viverravoidea was a hypothetical arrangement.	Palaeogale	Viverravoidea
parent taxon	Phylloceras is an extinct genus of ammonoid cephalopods belonging to the family Phylloceratidae.	Phylloceras	Phylloceratidae
parent taxon	Adamson's grunter (Hephaestus adamsoni) is a species of fish in the Terapontidae family endemic to Lake Kutubu in the Kikori River system, Papua New Guinea.	Adamson's grunter	Hephaestus
parent taxon	The Halanaerobiales are an order of bacteria placed within the class Clostridia, and encompassing two families, the Halanaerobiaceae and the Halobacteroidaceae.	Halanaerobiales	Clostridia
parent taxon	Hayekina dispar is a species of beetle in the family Buprestidae, the only species in the genus Hayekina.	Hayekina	Buprestidae
parent taxon	Cadlina is a genus of sea slugs, dorid nudibranchs, shell-less marine gastropod mollusks historically classified in the family Chromodorididae.	Cadlina	Chromodorididae
parent taxon	Punctelia is a genus of lichens belonging to the Parmeliaceae family.	Punctelia	Parmeliaceae
parent taxon	Charpentieria is a genus of small, very elongate, air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Clausiliidae, the door snails, all of which have a clausilium.	Charpentieria	Clausiliidae
parent taxon	Brancoceras is representative of the subfamily Branoceratinae, which makes up part of the acanthoceratacean family Brancoceratidae.	Brancoceras	Branoceratinae
parent taxon	Microschemobrycon is a genus of characins, in the family Characidae, from South America, with seven currently described species.	Microschemobrycon	Characidae
parent taxon	Sibynophis is a genus of colubrid snakes, commonly called many-toothed snakes, which together with Scaphiodontophis make up the subfamily Sibynophiinae.	Sibynophis	Sibynophiinae
parent taxon	Vadonia unipunctata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Vadonia.	Vadonia	Cerambycidae
parent taxon	Thylodrias is a monotypic genus of beetles in the family Dermestidae containing the single species Thylodrias contractus, known commonly as the odd beetle and tissue paper beetle.	Thylodrias	Dermestidae
parent taxon	Oxycoleini is a tribe of beetles in the subfamily Cerambycinae, containing the following genera and species:	Oxycoleini	Cerambycinae
parent taxon	Monard's African climbing mouse (Dendromus leucostomus) is a species of rodent in the family Nesomyidae.	Monard's African climbing mouse	Dendromus
parent taxon	Adenanthellum is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family, Asteraceae described as a genus in 1979.	Adenanthellum	Asteraceae
parent taxon	Amphitragulus is an extinct genus of Artiodactyla, of the family Palaeomerycidae, endemic to Europe from the Miocene epoch.	Amphitragulus	Palaeomerycidae
parent taxon	Tylonautilus is a member of the Tainoceratidae which, with other related families, forms the nautiloid superfamily Tainocerataceae.	Tylonautilus	Tainoceratidae
parent taxon	The Solomons frogmouth (Rigidipenna inexpectata), also known as the cinnamon frogmouth or Solomon Islands frogmouth, is a bird in the frogmouth family.	Solomons frogmouth	Rigidipenna
parent taxon	Lathrotelinae is a subfamily of the pyraloid family Crambidae.	Lathrotelinae	Crambidae
parent taxon	The Aurelio's rock lizard (Iberolacerta aurelioi) is a species of lizard in the Lacertidae family.	Aurelio's rock lizard	Iberolacerta
parent taxon	The Japanese giant hornet (Vespa mandarinia japonica) is a subspecies of the world's largest hornet, the Asian giant hornet (V. mandarinia).	Japanese giant hornet	Asian giant hornet
parent taxon	Hesperodiaptomus is a genus of copepods in the family Diaptomidae, containing 18 species.	Hesperodiaptomus	Diaptomidae
parent taxon	The Perak horned toad, also Perak spadefoot toad or Malayan horned frog (Xenophrys aceras) is a species of amphibian in the Megophryidae family found in Peninsular Malaysia and Thailand, and possibly in Indonesia.	Perak horned toad	Xenophrys
parent taxon	Crested lark, Galerida cristata Maghreb lark, Galerida macrorhyncha Thekla lark, Galerida theklae Malabar lark, Galerida malabarica Sun lark, Galerida modesta Sykes's lark, Galerida deva Large-billed lark, Galerida magnirostris In addition, there are at least two fossil species which are included in this genus:	Galerida	lark
parent taxon	Glyptostrobus, is a small genus of conifers in the family Cupressaceae (formerly in the family Taxodiaceae).	Glyptostrobus	Cupressaceae
parent taxon	``Acinonyx kurteni'', commonly known as the Linxia cheetah, is a discredited fossil specimen of an extinct cheetah discovered in China.	Acinonyx kurteni	cheetah
parent taxon	Hamilcoa is a plant genus in the family Euphorbiaceae first described as a genus in 1912.	Hamilcoa	Euphorbiaceae
parent taxon	Rice yellow mottle virus (RYMV) is a plant pathogenic virus, belonging to the genus Sobemovirus.	Rice yellow mottle virus	Sobemovirus
parent taxon	The Peruvian recurvebill (Syndactyla ucayalae) is a species of bird in the Furnariidae family.	Peruvian recurvebill	Syndactyla
parent taxon	The Redfin worm-eel (Scolecenchelys laticaudata, also known as the Pearlbelly snake-eel) is an eel in the family Ophichthidae (worm/snake eels).	Redfin worm-eel	Scolecenchelys
parent taxon	Sarcosuchus is commonly classified as part of the clade Pholidosauridae, a group of crocodile-like reptiles (Crocodyliformes) related but outside Crocodylia (the clade containing living crocodiles, alligators and gharials).	Sarcosuchus	Pholidosauridae
parent taxon	Cellana is a genus of sea snails or limpets, marine gastropod molluscs in the family Nacellidae, the true limpets.	Cellana	Nacellidae
parent taxon	The Chirinda apalis (Apalis chirindensis) is a species of bird in the Cisticolidae family.	Chirinda apalis	Apalis
parent taxon	Gelonieae is a flowering plant of tribe of the subfamily Crotonoideae, under the family Euphorbiaceae (Spurge Family).	Gelonieae	Crotonoideae
parent taxon	The Spix's woodcreeper (Xiphorhynchus spixii) is a species of bird in the woodcreeper subfamily (Dendrocolaptinae).	Spix's woodcreeper	Xiphorhynchus
parent taxon	Sphaerocarpos is one of two genera in the Sphaerocarpaceae.	Sphaerocarpos	Sphaerocarpaceae
parent taxon	The Cooper Creek catfish, Neosiluroides cooperensis, is a species of catfish (order Siluriformes) of the family Plotosidae, and is the only species of the genus Neosiluroides.	Cooper Creek catfish	Neosiluroides
parent taxon	The Florida banded water snake (Nerodia fasciata pictiventris), a subspecies of the banded water snake (southern water snake - Nerodia fasciata), is a nonvenomous natricine colubrid native to the southeastern United States.	Florida banded water snake	Nerodia fasciata
parent taxon	2004 put the Pleurotomarioidea in the order Archaeogastropoda which is included in the Prosobranchia.	Pleurotomarioidea	Archaeogastropoda
parent taxon	Tikoloshanes eretiformis is a species of beetle in the family Dytiscidae, the only species in the genus Tikoloshanes.	Tikoloshanes	Dytiscidae
parent taxon	The Gila springsnail, scientific name Pyrgulopsis gilae, is a species of freshwater snail with an operculum, an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Hydrobiidae.	Gila springsnail	Pyrgulopsis
parent taxon	The Biatorellaceae are a family of lichenized fungi in the order Lecanorales.	Biatorellaceae	Lecanorales
parent taxon	The Tasmanian froglet, (Crinia tasmaniensis) is a species of ground-dwelling frog that occurs only in Tasmania, Australia.	Tasmanian froglet	Crinia
parent taxon	Siebold's water snake (Enhydris sieboldii ) is a species of mildly venomous, rear-fanged, colubrid snake, endemic to Asia.	Siebold's water snake	Enhydris
parent taxon	Blanford's rosefinch was formerly placed in the genus Carpodacus with the other rosefinches.	Blanford's rosefinch	Carpodacus
parent taxon	The Santa Marta blossomcrown (Anthocephala floriceps) is a species of hummingbird in the Trochilidae family.	Santa Marta blossomcrown	Anthocephala
parent taxon	The Opata sucker, or matalote Opata (Catostomus wigginsi), is a species of ray-finned fish in the Catostomidae family.	Opata sucker	Catostomus
parent taxon	'Brachyistius frenatus, the Kelp perch, is a species of surfperch native to the eastern Pacific Ocean from British Columbia, Canada to Baja California, Mexico where it is found in kelp forests down to a depth of about 30 metres (98 ft).	Kelp perch	Brachyistius
parent taxon	Sulzbacheromyces is a monospecific genus in the family Lepidostromataceae (the only family) within the fungal order Lepidostromatales).	Sulzbacheromyces	Lepidostromataceae
parent taxon	Cardioceratidae is an extinct ammonite family belonging to the superfamily Stephanocerataceae.	Cardioceratidae	Stephanocerataceae
parent taxon	Bannerman's turaco (Tauraco bannermani) is a species of bird in the Musophagidae family.	Bannerman's turaco	Tauraco
parent taxon	Vertiginidae, common name the whorl snails, is a family of minute, air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod molluscs or micromollusks in the superfamily Pupilloidea.	Vertiginidae	Pupilloidea
parent taxon	Cibolites is a genus of ammonoid in the family Paraceltitidae of the cephalopod order Ceratitida which lived during the Late Permian.	Cibolites	Paraceltitidae
parent taxon	Opistognathidae, the jawfishes, are a family of fishes classified within the order Perciformes, suborder Percoidei.	Opistognathidae	Percoidei
parent taxon	The Toba betta (Betta rubra) is a species of gourami endemic to Indonesia where it is an inhabitant of peat swamps.	Toba betta	Betta
parent taxon	The Ctenostomata are an order of bryozoans in the class Gymnolaemata.	Ctenostomata	Gymnolaemata
parent taxon	The European bee-eater (Merops apiaster) is a near passerine bird in the bee-eater family Meropidae.	European bee-eater	Merops
parent taxon	The Tristram's storm petrel (Oceanodroma tristrami) is a species of seabird in the storm petrel family Hydrobatidae.	Tristram's storm petrel	Oceanodroma
parent taxon	Acrisione is a genus of the tribe Senecioneae and the family Asteraceae and a native of Chile, described as a genus in 1985.	Acrisione	Asteraceae
parent taxon	Propanoplosaurus was by the describers assigned to the Nodosauridae.	Propanoplosaurus	Nodosauridae
parent taxon	Cubeb (Piper cubeba), or tailed pepper is a plant in genus Piper, cultivated for its fruit and essential oil.	Cubeb	Piper
parent taxon	Hymenomycetes was the largest class of fungi within the phylum Basidiomycota, but the term is no longer taxonomically relevant.	Hymenomycete	Basidiomycota
parent taxon	The Wyanad day gecko (Cnemaspis wynadensis) is a species of geckos found in Wayanad, India.	Wyanad day gecko	Cnemaspis
parent taxon	Milne-Edwards' sportive lemur (Lepilemur edwardsi), or Milne-Edwards' weasel lemur, is a species of lemur in the family Lepilemuridae.	Milne-Edwards' sportive lemur	Lepilemur
parent taxon	Paphia is a genus of saltwater clam, a marine bivalve mollusk in the family Veneridae, the Venus clams.	Paphia	Veneridae
parent taxon	Father Schoenig's chocolate (Parantica schoenigi) is a species of nymphalid butterfly, endemic to the Philippines.	Father Schoenig's chocolate	Parantica
parent taxon	Panga is the common South African name for Pterogymnus laniarius, a small, ocean-dwelling fish, native to the southeast Atlantic Ocean and southwest Indian Ocean.	Panga	Pterogymnus
parent taxon	Melampyrum is a genus of about 20 species of herbaceous flowering plants in the family Orobanchaceae known commonly as cow wheat.	Melampyrum	Orobanchaceae
parent taxon	Pseudochironomus is a genus of European and North American non-biting midges in the subfamily Chironominae of the bloodworm family Chironomidae.	Pseudochironomus	Chironomidae
parent taxon	Prestosuchus is an extinct genus of pseudosuchian in the family Prestosuchidae.	Prestosuchus	Prestosuchidae
parent taxon	Phasianella, common name the pheasant shells, is a genus of small sea snails with a calcareous operculum and a colorfully patterned shell, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Phasianellidae.	Phasianella	Phasianellidae
parent taxon	Danaoceras is a nautiloid cephalopod from the middle Silurian of central Europe included in the oncoceroid family Polyelasmoceratidae.	Danaoceras	Polyelasmoceratidae
parent taxon	The Madagascar sucker-footed bat, Old World sucker-footed bat, or simply sucker-footed bat (Myzopoda aurita) is a species of bat in the family Myzopodidae endemic to Madagascar, especially in the eastern part of the forests.	Madagascar sucker-footed bat	Myzopoda
parent taxon	Western chat-tanager, Calyptophilus tertius Eastern chat-tanager, Calyptophilus frugivorus The name Calyptophilus comes from the Greek words kaluptēs, meaning ``hider'' (derived from kaluptō, meaning ``to cover'') and philos, meaning ``loving'' (derived from phileō, meaning ``to love'').	Calyptophilus	tanager
parent taxon	Querandiornis romani was a species of bird from the clade Tinamidae that lived in the Pleistocene epoch, about 6 million years ago.	Querandiornis	Tinamidae
parent taxon	Pterogobius is a genus of fish in the goby family, Gobiidae, native to the northwestern Pacific Ocean.	Pterogobius	Gobiidae
parent taxon	The Bahamian hutia or Ingraham's hutia (Geocapromys ingrahami) is a species of rodent in the family Capromyidae.	Bahamian hutia	Geocapromys
parent taxon	The genus Oligoneuron is considered phylogenetically a basal or near-basal member of the subtribe Astereae.	Oligoneuron	Astereae
parent taxon	According to a cladistic analysis performed by the describers, Nanyangosaurus was a basal member of the Hadrosauroidea, more derived than Probactrosaurus and closely related to the Hadrosauridae.	Nanyangosaurus	Hadrosauroidea
parent taxon	Gerontia pantherina is a species of small air-breathing land snails, terrestrial gastropod mollusks in the family Charopidae.	Gerontia pantherina	Charopidae
parent taxon	Unidentiidae is a taxonomic family of sea slugs, specifically aeolid nudibranchs, marine gastropod molluscs in the superfamily Aeolidioidea.	Unidentiidae	Aeolidioidea
parent taxon	Morphaneflus prolixus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Morphaneflus.	Morphaneflus	Cerambycidae
parent taxon	The Mahanadi razorbelly minnow (Salmophasia untrahi) is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Salmophasia.	Mahanadi razorbelly minnow	Salmophasia
parent taxon	The Moeopsyllini form a flea tribe in the family Pulicidae.	Moeopsyllini	Pulicidae
parent taxon	The Makira starling (Aplonis dichroa), also known as the San Cristobal starling, is a species of starling in the family Sturnidae.	Makira starling	Aplonis
parent taxon	Trachylinae (also Trachylina, Trachylinida, etc.) are a cnidarian subclass of the Hydrozoa.	Trachylinae	Hydrozoa
parent taxon	Cenoceras is an extinct genus within the cephalopod mollusk family Nautilidae, which in turn makes up part of the superfamily Nautilaceae.	Cenoceras	Nautilidae
parent taxon	Sphingulus is a genus of moths in the Sphingidae family, containing only one species, Sphingulus mus, which is found from the south-eastern part of the Russian Far East and the Korean Peninsula south into eastern China.	Sphingulus	Sphingidae
parent taxon	The Polykrikaceae (also known as Polykrikidae) are a family of athecate dinoflagellates of the order Gymnodiniales.	Polykrikaceae	Gymnodiniales
parent taxon	Xanthocanace is a genus of beach flies in the family Canacidae.	Xanthocanace	Canacidae
parent taxon	Festuca (fescue) is a genus of flowering plants belonging to the grass family, Poaceae (subfamily Pooideae).	Festuca	Pooideae
parent taxon	Valloniidae is a taxonomic family of small and minute, air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Pupilloidea.	Valloniidae	Pupilloidea
parent taxon	Decapterus is a genus of marine fishes in the family in the jack family, Carangidae, commonly known as mackerel scads, round scads, or horse mackerel.	Decapterus	Carangidae
parent taxon	The Bates's weaver (Ploceus batesi) is a species of bird in the Ploceidae family.	Bates's weaver	Ploceus
parent taxon	Callicarpa (beautyberry) is a genus of shrubs and small trees in the family Lamiaceae.	Callicarpa	Lamiaceae
parent taxon	The Cladobranchia are a taxonomic clade of nudibranchs, sea slugs, marine gastropod molluscs in the clade Dexiarchia.	Cladobranchia	Dexiarchia
parent taxon	The Indian bush lark, Indian bushlark or red-winged bushlark (Mirafra erythroptera) is a species of bushlark found in South Asia mainly in India.	Indian bush lark	Mirafra
parent taxon	Today Valdosaurus is generally considered a member of the Dryosauridae.	Valdosaurus	Dryosauridae
parent taxon	Agriopoma is a genus of saltwater clams, marine bivalve molluscs in the family Veneridae, the venus clams.	Agriopoma	Veneridae
parent taxon	The Cubera snapper, Lutjanus cyanopterus, is a species of snapper native to the western Atlantic Ocean from Nova Scotia to the Amazon River in Brazil, though it is rare north of Florida.	Cubera snapper	Lutjanus
parent taxon	Mirror turtle ants (Cephalotes specularis) are a species of ant that mimic other, unrelated ants (Crematogaster ampla) in order to steal their food.	Mirror turtle ant	Cephalotes
parent taxon	Bolma is a genus of medium to large sea snails with a calcareous operculum, marine gastropod molluscs in the family Turbinidae, the turban snails.	Bolma	Turbinidae
parent taxon	Acanthina, common name the unicorn snails, is a genus of small predatory sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Muricidae, the murex snails or rock snails.	Acanthina	Muricidae
parent taxon	Peristichia is a genus of sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.	Peristichia	Pyramidellidae
parent taxon	Oxymycterus hucucha, also known as the Quechuan Hocicudo, is a species of rodent in the genus Oxymycterus of family Cricetidae from South America.	Oxymycterus hucucha	Hocicudo
parent taxon	Gryllus is a genus of field cricket (Orthoptera, Gryllidae, Gryllinae).	Gryllus	field cricket
parent taxon	Influenza A virus subtype H6N1, also known as H6N1, is a subtype of the influenza A virus.	Influenza A virus subtype H6N1	influenza A virus
parent taxon	The Southern alligator lizard (Elgaria multicarinata) is a common species of lizard native to the Pacific coast of North America.	Southern alligator lizard	Elgaria
parent taxon	The Ruwenzori duiker or Ruwenzori red duiker (Cephalophus rubidus) is a stocky but small antelope found only in the Ruwenzori Mountains between Uganda and, probably, the Democratic Republic of Congo.	Ruwenzori duiker	Cephalophus
parent taxon	The family Pliopithecidae is an extinct family of fossil catarrhines and members of the Pliopithecoidea superfamily.	Pliopithecidae	Pliopithecoidea
parent taxon	The Tumbes sparrow (Rhynchospiza stolzmanni) is a species of bird in the family Emberizidae found in Ecuador and Peru.	Tumbes sparrow	Rhynchospiza
parent taxon	Like other members of the subfamily Hypoptopomatinae, Pseudotocinclus is primarily herbivorous and is more commonly found at or near the upper portion of the water column.	Pseudotocinclus	Hypoptopomatinae
parent taxon	Some members are listed as threatened or endangered and have been the focus of disputes over development plans (e.g. Limnanthes floccosa subsp. californica, Limnanthes vinculans ) The Limnanthaceae are members of a recently identified clade (Brassicales) of mustard oil producing plants.	Limnanthaceae	Brassicales
parent taxon	Parantica, commonly called Tigers, is an Old World genus of butterflies in subfamily Danainae of family Nymphalidae.	Parantica	Nymphalidae
parent taxon	Curveulima is a major genus of medium-sized sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Eulimidae.	Curveulima	Eulimidae
parent taxon	The genus Begomovirus is a genus of viruses, in the family Geminiviridae.	Begomovirus	Geminiviridae
parent taxon	The Iquitos gnatcatcher (Polioptila clementsi) is a gnatcatcher (Polioptilidae) described as new to science in 2005.	Iquitos gnatcatcher	Polioptila
parent taxon	Augustasaurus is a genus of aquatic sauropterygian reptile belonging to the Pistosauria, a clade containing plesiosaurs and their close relatives.	Augustasaurus	Pistosauria
parent taxon	The Ringneck blenny (Parablennius pilicornis) is a species of combtooth blenny widespread in coastal waters of Eastern Atlantic from Spain and Portugal to Möwe Bay, Namibia, in the Mediterranean Sea from Morocco, Algeria, Spain.	Ringneck blenny	Parablennius
parent taxon	× Heucherella is an evergreen perennial flowering plant in the family Saxifragaceae.	Heucherella	Saxifragaceae
parent taxon	Californites is a genus of the Upper Triassic clydonicacean family Clionitidae with a discoidal, evolute shell and radial tuberculate ribs that end in strong ventrolateral spines.	Californites	Clionitidae
parent taxon	Cyprinion semiplotum, the Assamese kingfish, is a species of cyprinid fish native to southern Asia where it occurs in fresh waters of India, Nepal, Bhutan and Myanmar.	Assamese kingfish	Cyprinion
parent taxon	Proteoideae is one of five subfamilies of the flowering plant family Proteaceae.	Proteoideae	Proteaceae
parent taxon	Lampsilis higginsii is a rare species of freshwater mussel known by the common name Higgins' eye pearly mussel.	Higgins' eye pearly mussel	Lampsilis
parent taxon	According to phylogenies based on morphological characteristics, Scincogekkonomorpha is the sister taxon of Iguania and together they make up crown group Squamata, the smallest clade including all living snakes and lizards.	Scincogekkonomorpha	Squamata
parent taxon	Thermothrix is a genus of Gram-negative, nonspore-forming, thermophilic, motile bacteria with a single polar flagellum of the family Burkholderiaceae and class Betaproteobacteria.	Thermothrix	Burkholderiaceae
parent taxon	The family Montiaceae was newly adopted in the APG III system and includes members of the Caryophyllales formerly listed in Portulacaceae.	Montiaceae	Caryophyllales
parent taxon	The Anthophorini are a large tribe in the subfamily Apinae of the family Apidae.	Anthophorini	Apinae
parent taxon	The Guianan spear-nosed bat (Phyllostomus latifolius) is a bat species from South America.	Guianan spear-nosed bat	Phyllostomus
parent taxon	Parabaryssinus lineaticollis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Parabaryssinus.	Parabaryssinus	Cerambycidae
parent taxon	Debaryomyces is a genus of yeasts in the family Saccharomycetaceae.	Debaryomyces	Saccharomycetaceae
parent taxon	Barathrites is a genus of cusk-eels found in deep waters of the northwest Atlantic Ocean.	Barathrites	cusk-eels
parent taxon	Anapliomera is a genus of trilobite in the order Phacopida, which existed in what is now Illinois, U.S.A. It was described by Demott in 1987, and the type species is Anapliomera shirlandensis.	Anapliomera	Phacopida
parent taxon	Prosantorhinus is an extinct genus of rhinoceros from the lower and middle Miocene.	Prosantorhinus	rhinoceros
parent taxon	The Ocellated sand-eel (Lamnostoma polyophthalma) is an eel in the family Ophichthidae (worm/snake eels).	Ocellated sand-eel	Lamnostoma
parent taxon	The Amazonian antshrike (Thamnophilus amazonicus) is a species of bird in the family Thamnophilidae, the antbirds.	Amazonian antshrike	Thamnophilus
parent taxon	The Natal free-tailed bat (Mormopterus acetabulosus) is a species of bat in the family Molossidae, the free-tailed bats.	Natal free-tailed bat	Mormopterus
parent taxon	According to Teichert, 1964, Megadisocosorus is a member of one of the two branches of the Armenoceratidae that also includes Nybyoceras and Selkirkoceras.	Megadisocosorus	Armenoceratidae
parent taxon	Cardiapoda is a genus of very small floating sea snails or heteropods, pelagic gastropod molluscs or micromolluscs in the family Carinariidae.	Cardiapoda	Carinariidae
parent taxon	Verreaux's mouse or Verreaux's white-footed rat (Myomyscus verreauxii) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.	Verreaux's mouse	Myomyscus
parent taxon	Cimolomyidae is a family of fossil mammal within the extinct order Multituberculata.	Cimolomyidae	Multituberculata
parent taxon	Toxophacops is a genus of trilobites from the order Phacopida, family Phacopidae.	Toxophacops	Phacopidae
parent taxon	The Pacific ladyfish, also known as the Pacific tenpounder and Machete (Elops affinis) is a species of fish in the genus Elops, the only genus in the monotypic family Elopidae.	Pacific ladyfish	Elops
parent taxon	Alpinia is a genus of flowering plants in the ginger family, Zingiberaceae.	Alpinia	Zingiberaceae
parent taxon	Most authors place the genus in the family Lecythidaceae, the sole genus in the subfamily Foetidioideae, but some prefer to treat it as a distinct family, the Foetidiaceae.	Foetidia	Lecythidaceae
parent taxon	Henna (Lawsonia inermis, also known as hina, the henna tree, the mignonette tree, and the Egyptian privet) is a flowering plant and the sole species of the Lawsonia genus.	Henna	Lawsonia
parent taxon	The Kungwe apalis (Apalis argentea) is a species in the Cisticolidae family.	Kungwe apalis	Apalis
parent taxon	In taxonomy, the Archaeoglobales (Greek/Latin mix for ``old balloon'') are an order of the Archaeoglobi.	Archaeoglobales	Archaeoglobi
parent taxon	The Big Bend gambusia (Gambusia gaigei) is a rare species of fish in the Poeciliidae family.	Big Bend gambusia	Gambusia
parent taxon	Previously, in 1821, Gray named the superfamily Didelphoidea to house the families Alphadontidae, Pediomyidae, Peradectidae, and Stagodontidae, which unites Didelphodon with many other genera.	Didelphodon	Stagodontidae
parent taxon	Puertasaurus belonged to the clade Titanosauria.	Puertasaurus	Titanosauria
parent taxon	The Baja California killifish (Fundulus lima) is a killifish in the Fundulidae family.	Baja California killifish	Fundulus
parent taxon	Previously included either in the elm family (Ulmaceae) or a separate family, Celtidaceae, the APG III system places Celtis in an expanded hemp family (Cannabaceae).	Celtis	Cannabaceae
parent taxon	The New Guinea free-tailed bat (Tadarida kuboriensis), sometimes designated the New Guinea mastiff bat, is an extant species of free-tailed bat that inhabits the Chimbu highlands of Papua New Guinea.	New Guinea free-tailed bat	Tadarida
parent taxon	The Sumatran crow (Euploea martinii) is a species of nymphalid butterfly in the Danainae subfamily.	Sumatran crow	Euploea
parent taxon	The Nilgiri flycatcher (Eumyias albicaudatus) is an Old World flycatcher with a very restricted range in the hills of southern India.	Nilgiri flycatcher	Eumyias
parent taxon	Selliera is a genus of herbs in the family Goodeniaceae.	Selliera	Goodeniaceae
parent taxon	Urocissa is a genus of birds in the family Corvidae, a family which contains the crows, jays and magpies.	Urocissa	Corvidae
parent taxon	Azorella is a genus of about 70 species of flowering plants in the family Apiaceae, native to South America, New Zealand and the islands of the Southern Ocean.	Azorella	Apiaceae
parent taxon	Lobolytocerasa Lytoceratid genus included in the Alocolytoceratinae in which only the inner whorls have large swollen ribs, later whorls have wrinkled growth lines which coarsen somewhat, near the aperture.	Lobolytoceras	Alocolytoceratinae
parent taxon	Piptoporus is a genus of bracket fungi in the Fomitopsidaceae family.	Piptoporus	Fomitopsidaceae
parent taxon	Mullus is a subtropical marine genus of perciform fish of the family Mullidae (goatfish) and includes the red mullets, occurring mainly in the southwest Atlantic near the South American coast and in the Eastern Atlantic including the Mediterranean and the Black Sea.	Mullus	Mullidae
parent taxon	The Javan torrent frog (Huia masonii) is a species of frog in the Ranidae family.	Javan torrent frog	Huia
parent taxon	Cabot's tragopan (Tragopan caboti) is a pheasant found in south-east China.	Cabot's tragopan	Tragopan
parent taxon	The Beardslee trout (Oncorhynchus mykiss irideus f. beardsleei), formerly Salmo gairdneri beardsleei) is a local form of rainbow trout endemic to Lake Crescent in Washington.	Beardslee trout	Oncorhynchus mykiss irideus
parent taxon	The Fujian pond turtle (``Mauremys'' × iversoni ) is a possibly also naturally occurring intergeneric hybrid turtle in the Geoemydidae family (formerly Bataguridae) produced in larger numbers by Chinese turtle farms as a ``copy'' of the golden coin turtle Cuora trifasciata.	Fujian pond turtle	Mauremys
parent taxon	Srimara planicollis is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Srimara.	Srimara	Carabidae
parent taxon	Lamberticeras is an extinct ammonite genus belonging to the family Cardioceratidae.	Lamberticeras	Cardioceratidae
parent taxon	Rhopalobrachium was a genus of flowering plants in the Rubiaceae family but is no longer recognized.	Rhopalobrachium	Rubiaceae
parent taxon	The Centriscidae are a family of fishes from the order Syngnathiformes which includes the snipefishes, shrimpfishes, and bellowfishes.	Centriscidae	Syngnathiformes
parent taxon	Rhizothera is a genus of bird in the Phasianidae family, native to Malaysia.	Rhizothera	Phasianidae
parent taxon	The Magela hardyhead or Mariana's Hardyhead (Craterocephalus marianae) is a species of fish in the Atherinidae family endemic to Australia.	Magela hardyhead	Craterocephalus
parent taxon	The Central Kashmir vole (Alticola montosa) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.	Central Kashmir vole	Alticola
parent taxon	The Cape May warbler (Setophaga tigrina) is a species of New World warbler.	Cape May warbler	Setophaga
parent taxon	Brachycerus is a genus of Curculionidae family, Brachycerinae subfamily.	Brachycerus	Curculionidae
parent taxon	Austrolestes is a genus of medium to large-sized damselflies in the family Lestidae.	Austrolestes	Lestidae
parent taxon	Cryptorites scotti is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Cryptorites.	Cryptorites	Carabidae
parent taxon	The Scree skink, Oligosoma waimatense, is a species of skink native to several sites throughout the South Island of New Zealand.	Scree skink	Oligosoma
parent taxon	The Texas rat snake (Elaphe obsoleta lindheimeri ) is a subspecies of rat snake, a nonvenomous colubrid found in the United States, primarily within the state of Texas, but its range extends into Louisiana, Arkansas and Oklahoma.	Texas rat snake	Elaphe obsoleta
parent taxon	The order Peramelemorphia includes the bandicoots and bilbies: it equates approximately to the mainstream of marsupial omnivores.	Peramelemorphia	marsupial
parent taxon	Some authorities place the subfamily Arvicolinae in the family Muridae along with all other members of the superfamily Muroidea.	Arvicolinae	Muridae
parent taxon	Lymanopoda is a butterfly genus from the subfamily Satyrinae in the family Nymphalidae found in north-western South America.	Lymanopoda	Nymphalidae
parent taxon	Bryophyllum (from the Greek βρῦον/βρύειν bryon/bryein = sprout, φύλλον phyllon = leaf) is a plant genus of the Crassulaceae family that has sometimes been included within the genus Kalanchoe.	Bryophyllum	Kalanchoe
parent taxon	Despite its many similarities to turtles, Eunotosaurus has a skull that shares many characteristics with the skulls of more primitive reptiles, resulting in many studies placing it in the extinct group Parareptilia.	Eunotosaurus	Parareptilia
parent taxon	The pleasing lacewings, Dilaridae, are a family of winged insects of the order Neuroptera.	Dilaridae	Neuroptera
parent taxon	Etroplus canarensis, the Canara pearlspot or banded chromide, is a species of cichlid endemic to South Karnataka in India.	Canara pearlspot	Etroplus
parent taxon	Metatomarctus is an extinct genus of Borophaginae and a terrestrial canine which inhabited most of North America during the Early Hemingfordian stage of the Miocene epoch living 23.0--5.3 Mya, existing for approximately 17.7 million years	Metatomarctus	Borophaginae
parent taxon	Blitum is a flowering plant genus from the subfamily Chenopodioideae in the Amaranthaceae family.	Blitum	Chenopodioideae
parent taxon	The New Zealand greater short-tailed bat (Mystacina robusta) was one of two species of New Zealand short-tailed bats, a family (Mystacinidae) unique to New Zealand.	New Zealand greater short-tailed bat	Mystacina
parent taxon	Tecomanthe is a genus of 5 species of tropical or subtropical forest lianes in the family Bignoniaceae.	Tecomanthe	Bignoniaceae
parent taxon	Ischnagonum carinigerum is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Ischnagonum.	Ischnagonum	Carabidae
parent taxon	Peringia is a genus of very small snails with gills and an operculum, gastropod mollusks in the family Hydrobiidae.	Peringia	Hydrobiidae
parent taxon	Lasius californicus is a species of ant belonging to the genus Lasius, and was formerly apart of the genus Acanthomyops (now a subgenus).	Lasius californicus	Acanthomyops
parent taxon	Spergularia is a genus in the Caryophyllaceae family, containing plants known as sandspurrys and sea-spurreys.	Spergularia	Caryophyllaceae
parent taxon	Bocage's mole-rat (Fukomys bocagei) is a species of rodent in the family Bathyergidae.	Bocage's mole-rat	Fukomys
parent taxon	Avitomyrmex is an extinct genus of bulldog ants in the subfamily Myrmeciinae which contains three described species.	Avitomyrmex	Myrmeciinae
parent taxon	Mucronea is a genus of plants in the family Polygonaceae with two species restricted to California.	Mucronea	Polygonaceae
parent taxon	Sander volgensis, the Volga pikeperch or Volga zander, is a species of fish in the perch family Percidae.	Volga pikeperch	Sander
parent taxon	Furcifer polleni, also known as the Mayotte chameleon, is a species of chameleon that is endemic to Mayotte in the Comoros Islands.	Mayotte chameleon	Furcifer
parent taxon	The Biak glider (Petaurus biacensis) is a species of marsupial in the family Petauridae.	Biak glider	Petaurus
parent taxon	Pycnotheca is a genus of hydroids in the family Kirchenpaueriidae.	Pycnotheca	Kirchenpaueriidae
parent taxon	Zeodera atra is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Zeodera.	Zeodera	Carabidae
parent taxon	Leuciscus is a genus of fish belonging to the family Cyprinidae.	Leuciscus	Cyprinidae
parent taxon	Africanogyrus is a genus of air-breathing freshwater snail, an aquatic pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Planorbidae, the ram's horn snails and their allies.	Africanogyrus	Planorbidae
parent taxon	Cassinia is a large genus of plants in the family Asteraceae, most or all of which are native to the Southern Hemisphere.	Cassinia	Asteraceae
parent taxon	Graphoderus is a genus of beetle in family Dytiscidae native to the Palearctic, including Europe, and the Near East.	Graphoderus	Dytiscidae
parent taxon	The Livingstone's turaco (Tauraco livingstonii) is a species of bird in the Musophagidae family, which was named for Charles Livingstone, the brother of David Livingstone.	Livingstone's turaco	Tauraco
parent taxon	Lyogyrus is a genus of very small freshwater snails with a gill and an operculum, aquatic gastropod mollusks in the family Hydrobiidae.	Lyogyrus	Hydrobiidae
parent taxon	The Mucoraceae are a family of fungi of the order Mucorales, characterized by having the thallus not segmented or ramified.	Mucoraceae	Mucorales
parent taxon	The Japanese spurdog, Squalus japonicus, is a dogfish, a member of the family Squalidae.	Japanese spurdog	Squalus
parent taxon	The Sierra de las Minas hidden salamander (Cryptotriton sierraminensis) is one of seven species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae.	Sierra de las Minas hidden salamander	Cryptotriton
parent taxon	Scleria is a genus of flowering plants in the sedge family, Cyperaceae.	Scleria	Cyperaceae
parent taxon	The Lufira masked weaver (Ploceus ruweti), also known as Ruwet's masked weaver and Lake Lufira weaver, is a species of bird in the weaver family, Ploceidae.	Lufira masked weaver	Ploceus
parent taxon	Trichophthalmus is a genus of beetles which belong to the family Belidae.	Trichophthalmus	Belidae
parent taxon	Hypselognathus horridus C. E. Dawson & Glover, 1982 (Prickly pipefish) Hypselognathus rostratus (Waite & Hale, 1921) (Knife-snouted pipefish)	Hypselognathus	pipefish
parent taxon	In 2007, the spelling was corrected to Archaeonycteridae and it was reclassified to the unranked clade Microchiropteramorpha by Smith et al..	Archaeonycteridae	Microchiropteramorpha
parent taxon	Slim lightfish, also known as Ichthyococcus elongatus, is a species of the genus Ichthyococcus.	Slim lightfish	Ichthyococcus
parent taxon	Aeolidiella is a genus of sea slugs, aeolid nudibranchs, marine gastropod molluscs in the family Aeolidiidae.	Aeolidiella	Aeolidiidae
parent taxon	Batai virus (BATV) is a RNA virus belonging to family Bunyaviridae, genus Orthobunyavirus.	Batai virus	Orthobunyavirus
parent taxon	Cookia is a genus of large sea snails, marine gastropod molluscs in the family Turbinidae, the turban snails.	Cookia	Turbinidae
parent taxon	Kachpurites is an uppermost Jurassic (Tithonian) ammonite included in the perisphincacean family, Craspeditidae; although some classifiers put the Craspeditidae a subfamily in the Polyptychitidae.	Kachpurites	Craspeditidae
parent taxon	The beetle subfamily Aulacoscelidinae (sometimes misspelled ``Aulacoscelinae'') is a small, uncommonly-encountered group presently classified within the family Orsodacnidae, historically placed as a subfamily of Chrysomelidae, or sometimes classified as a separate family Aulacoscelidae.	Aulacoscelidinae	Orsodacnidae
parent taxon	Holmgrenanthe petrophila (rocklady, formerly Maurandya petrophila) is a rare perennial desert plant in the plantain family (Plantaginaceae), and the sole species of the genus Holmgrenanthe.	Holmgrenanthe	Plantaginaceae
parent taxon	The Indian star tortoise (Geochelone elegans) is a species of tortoise found in dry areas and scrub forest in India and Sri Lanka.	Indian star tortoise	Geochelone
parent taxon	Thelenota is a genus of sea cucumber, in the Stichopodidae familia	Thelenota	Stichopodidae
parent taxon	Arambourgisuchus khourbgaensis is a member of the Dyrosauridae, based on the presence of the following synapomorphies: presence of large occipital tuberosities supratemporal fenestra largely longer than wide According to Jouve et al.	Arambourgisuchus	Dyrosauridae
parent taxon	Prosorhochmidae is a family of nemertean worms belonging to the suborder Monostilifera.	Prosorhochmidae	Monostilifera
parent taxon	Austranillus macleayi is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Austranillus.	Austranillus	Carabidae
parent taxon	Diguetinus raptator is a species of harvestmen in a monotypic genus in the family Sclerosomatidae.	Diguetinus	Sclerosomatidae
parent taxon	Phthinosuchus is the sole member of the family Phthinosuchidae.	Phthinosuchus	Phthinosuchidae
parent taxon	Gonatodes is a genus of New World dwarf geckos of the family Sphaerodactylidae.	Gonatodes	Sphaerodactylidae
parent taxon	The Siberian stonechat or Asian stonechat (Saxicola maurus) is a recently validated species of the Old World flycatcher family (Muscicapidae).	Siberian stonechat	Saxicola
parent taxon	Archegosaurus is a member of Archegosauridae and gives its name to the family.	Archegosaurus	Archegosauridae
parent taxon	Kalaharituber is a genus of fungi within the Pezizaceae family.	Kalaharituber	Pezizaceae
parent taxon	Eremoceras is a genus in the Ellesmeroceratidae which lived during the Early Ordovician, characterized by an orthoconic adult stage, similar to Ellesmeroceras, but with the dorsal side of the adult living chamber somewhat convex, and a juvenile portion that is more gradually expanding and ventrally concave.	Eremoceras	Ellesmeroceratidae
parent taxon	The Huon astrapia (Astrapia rothschildi) is a species of bird-of-paradise.	Huon astrapia	Astrapia
parent taxon	The Sulawesi blue flycatcher (Cyornis omissus) is a species of bird in the family Muscicapidae.	Sulawesi blue flycatcher	Cyornis
parent taxon	Sterolibacterium is a genus of gram-negative, oxidase- and catalase-positive rod-shaped bacteria from the family of Rhodocyclaceae which belongs to the class of Betaproteobacteria.	Sterolibacterium	Rhodocyclaceae
parent taxon	Crossley's ground thrush (Geokichla crossleyi) is a species of bird in the family Turdidae.	Crossley's ground thrush	Geokichla
parent taxon	Conioselinum is a genus of flowering plant in the Apiaceae family, native to Eurasia and North America.	Conioselinum	Apiaceae
parent taxon	The Bornean bristlehead (Pityriasis gymnocephala), also variously known as the bristled shrike, bald-headed crow or the bald-headed wood-shrike, is the only member of the passerine family Pityriaseidae and genus Pityriasis.	Bornean bristlehead	Pityriasis
parent taxon	Pardillana is a genus of grasshoppers in the family Acrididae.	Pardillana	Acrididae
parent taxon	A later phylogenetic analysis placed Eremosuchus within the suborder Sebecosuchia.	Eremosuchus	Sebecosuchia
parent taxon	Scudderia is a genus of katydids in the subfamily Phaneropterinae.	Scudderia	Phaneropterinae
parent taxon	Musculium is a genus of small freshwater clams, aquatic bivalve mollusks in the family Sphaeriidae, the fingernail clams and pea clams.	Musculium	Sphaeriidae
parent taxon	The Indochinese fulvetta (Fulvetta danisi) is a bird species in the family Sylviidae.	Indochinese fulvetta	Fulvetta
parent taxon	The Palau flycatcher (Myiagra erythrops), also known as the mangrove flycatcher, is a species of bird in the Monarchidae family.	Palau flycatcher	Myiagra
parent taxon	Ctenomys yatesi, also called Yates'' Tuco-Tuco, is a species of tuco-tuco native to Bolivia.	Ctenomys yatesi	tuco-tuco
parent taxon	Walvisteuthis is the only squid genus in the family Walvisteuthidae, consisting of a single species, Walvisteuthis virilis.	Walvisteuthis	Walvisteuthidae
parent taxon	Pyganodon is a genus of freshwater mussels, aquatic bivalve mollusks in the family Unionidae, the river mussels.	Pyganodon	Unionidae
parent taxon	The Australian marbled catshark, Atelomycterus macleayi, is a catshark of the family Scyliorhinidae, found in the eastern Indian Ocean, endemic to Western Australia between latitudes 12° S and 21° S, from the surface to 245 m (800 ft).	Australian marbled catshark	Atelomycterus
parent taxon	Toronia is a genus of tree in the family Proteaceae that contains a single species, Toronia toru, which is found in New Zealand.	Toronia	Proteaceae
parent taxon	Vectidraco was assigned to the Azhdarchoidea, in a basal position.	Vectidraco	Azhdarchoidea
parent taxon	Oligochaeta (/ˌɒlɪɡəˈkiːtə, -ɡoʊ-/) is a class of animals in the phylum Annelida, which is made up of many types of aquatic and terrestrial worms, and including all of the various earthworms.	Oligochaeta	Annelida
parent taxon	The African dwarf skate or South African pygmy skate (Neoraja stehmanni) is a species of fish in the Rajidae family.	African dwarf skate	Neoraja
parent taxon	Glosselytrodea is an extinct order of insects.	Glosselytrodea	insects
parent taxon	Badister is a genus of ground beetle in the Carabidae family native to North Africa, the Near East and the Palearctic, including Europe.	Badister	Carabidae
parent taxon	Glossogobius hoesei, Hoese's goby, is a species of goby endemic to the Ayamaru Lakes in West Papua, Indonesia where it can be found on muddy or gravel substrates as well as in small tributary streams.	Hoese's goby	Glossogobius
parent taxon	Texoceras is an extinct ammonoid genus in the monotypic goniatitid subfamily Texoceratinae, included in the family Adrianitidae.	Texoceras	Texoceratinae
parent taxon	Poynton's caco or Poynton's dainty frog (Cacosternum poyntoni) is a species of frog in the Pyxicephalidae family, endemic to South Africa.	Poynton's caco	Cacosternum
parent taxon	The Chinese white-bellied rat (Niviventer confucianus) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.	Chinese white-bellied rat	Niviventer
parent taxon	The Pseudoterpnini are a tribe of geometer moths in the subfamily Geometrinae.	Pseudoterpnini	Geometrinae
parent taxon	Abalistes is a small triggerfish genus found in the Indo-Pacific and eastern Atlantic.	Abalistes	triggerfish
parent taxon	Actinoceras is the principal and root genus of the Actinoceratidae, a major family in the Actinocerida, that lived during the Middle and Late Ordovician.	Actinoceras	Actinoceratidae
parent taxon	The Abrostolini are a small tribe of moths in the Plusiinae subfamily, consisting of the genera Abrostola and Mouralia.	Abrostolini	Plusiinae
parent taxon	The Capparaceae (or Capparidaceae), commonly known as the caper family, are a family of plants in the order Brassicales.	Capparaceae	Brassicales
parent taxon	The Golden grey mullet (Liza aurata) is a fish in the family Mugilidae.	Golden grey mullet	Liza
parent taxon	Proteocephalidae is a family of tapeworms in the Proteocephalidea order.	Proteocephalidae	Proteocephalidea
parent taxon	Enneapterygius rhothion, known commonly as the Surf triplefin, is a species of triplefin blenny in the genus Enneapterygius.	Surf triplefin	Enneapterygius
parent taxon	Alaska plaice (Pleuronectes quadrituberculatus) is a saltwater fish that live in the North Pacific Ocean.	Alaska plaice	Pleuronectes
parent taxon	Pileostegia is a genus of 4 species of flowering plants in the family Hydrangeaceae, native to India and eastern Asia.	Pileostegia	Hydrangeaceae
parent taxon	GB virus C (GBV-C), formerly known as hepatitis G virus (HGV) and also known as HPgV is a virus in the Flaviviridae family and a member of the Pegivirus genus, is known to infect humans, but is not known to cause human disease.	GB virus C	Pegivirus
parent taxon	Jelinekia barri is a species of beetle in the family Buprestidae, the only species in the genus Jelinekia.	Jelinekia	Buprestidae
parent taxon	Screech owls or screech-owls are typical owls (Strigidae) belonging to the genus Megascops.	Screech owl	Strigidae
parent taxon	Ellipsaria lineolata is a species of freshwater mussel, an aquatic bivalve mollusk in the family Unionidae, the river mussels.	Ellipsaria lineolata	Unionidae
parent taxon	The Boji Plains nothobranch (Nothobranchius bojiensis) is a species of fish (a killifish) in the Nothobranchiidae family, endemic to Kenya.	Boji Plains nothobranch	Nothobranchius
parent taxon	Castanopsis, commonly called chinquapin or chinkapin, is a genus of evergreen trees belonging to the beech family, Fagaceae.	Castanopsis	Fagaceae
parent taxon	Zoogloea is a genus of gram-negative, aerobic, rod-shaped bacteria from the family of Rhodocyclaceae which belongs to the class of Betaproteobacteria.	Zoogloea	Rhodocyclaceae
parent taxon	Cladarosymblema is a genus of prehistoric lobe-finned fish which belonged to the family of Megalichthyidae.	Cladarosymblema	Megalichthyidae
parent taxon	The Sulu gollumshark (Gollum suluensis) is a species of ground shark in the family Pseudotriakidae, found off the southern Philippines.	Sulu gollumshark	Gollum
parent taxon	The circumscription of Pseudergolinae has seen some changes in the recent years, when it was first suggested that the tribes Cyrestini and Pseudergolini formed a monophyletic clade with subfamily status under the name Cyrestinae, but then the tribes were split again--with subfamily status--as their positions within the Nymphalidae were defined more clearly.	Pseudergolinae	Nymphalidae
parent taxon	The Tanala tufted-tailed rat (Eliurus tanala) is a species of rodent in the family Nesomyidae.	Tanala tufted-tailed rat	Eliurus
parent taxon	Antipodolycaena is a subgenus of the genus Lycaena which is found only in New Zealand.	Antipodolycaena	Lycaena
parent taxon	The Guam flying fox (Pteropus tokudae), also known as the little Marianas fruit bat, was a tiny megabat from Guam in the Marianas Islands in Micronesia that was confirmed extinct due to hunting or habitat changes.	Guam flying fox	Pteropus
parent taxon	Typhedanus is a Neotropical butterfly genus in the family Hesperiidae (Eudaminae).	Typhedanus	Eudaminae
parent taxon	Iceland moss (Cetraria islandica) is a lichen whose erect or upright, leaflike habit gives it the appearance of a moss, where its name likely comes from.	Iceland moss	Cetraria
parent taxon	Tenualosa is a genus of fish in the Clupeidae family and its subfamily Alosinae (the shads).	Tenualosa	Alosinae
parent taxon	The Eurasian golden oriole or simply golden oriole (Oriolus oriolus) is the only member of the oriole family of passerine birds breeding in Northern Hemisphere temperate regions.	Eurasian golden oriole	Oriolus
parent taxon	Actinocephalus is a genus of plants in the Eriocaulaceae, first described in 2004.	Actinocephalus	Eriocaulaceae
parent taxon	The Ega long-tongued bat (Scleronycteris ega) is a bat species from South America.	Ega long-tongued bat	Scleronycteris
parent taxon	The genus of the myrrhs, Commiphora, is the most species-rich genus of flowering plants in the frankincense and myrrh family, Burseraceae.	Commiphora	Burseraceae
parent taxon	Pseudalethe is a genus of small, mainly insectivorous birds in the thrush family, Turdidae, although some taxonomists place them in the Old World flycatcher family, Muscicapidae.	Pseudalethe	Turdidae
parent taxon	Capabatus raffrayi is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Capabatus.	Capabatus	Carabidae
parent taxon	Chilostigma is a genus of caddisflies in the family Limnephilidae.	Chilostigma	Limnephilidae
parent taxon	Chioides is a mainly Neotropical genus of skipper butterflies in the family Hesperiidae (Eudaminae)	Chioides	Eudaminae
parent taxon	The Egyptian pygmy shrew (Crocidura religiosa) is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae.	Egyptian pygmy shrew	Crocidura
parent taxon	The Arabian sicklefin chimaera (Neoharriotta pumila) is a species of fish in the Rhinochimaeridae family found near Somalia, Yemen, and possibly India.	Arabian sicklefin chimaera	Neoharriotta
parent taxon	The Atlantic footballfish (Himantolophus groenlandicus), also known as the man-gobbler, is an anglerfish found in extreme depths of the ocean.	Atlantic footballfish	Himantolophus
parent taxon	Pleuroploca is a genus of very large predatory sea snails with an operculum, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Fasciolariidae, which includes the spindle shells, the tulip shells and other allied genera.	Pleuroploca	Fasciolariidae
parent taxon	Travancore flying squirrel (Petinomys fuscocapillus), also known as the small flying squirrel, is a flying squirrel found in South India and Sri Lanka.	Travancore flying squirrel	Petinomys
parent taxon	The genus Phelline The genus Phelline is in the family Phellinaceae in the major group Angiosperms (Flowering plants).	Phelline	Phellinaceae
parent taxon	Cardiocraniinae is a subfamily of rodents in the family Dipodidae, named by the Russian zoologist Boris Stepanovich Vinogradov (1891--1958) in 1925.	Cardiocraniinae	Dipodidae
parent taxon	Saulea is the type genus of the tribe Sauleini.	Saulea	Sauleini
parent taxon	The Sumba buttonquail (Turnix everetti) is a species of bird in the Turnicidae family.	Sumba buttonquail	Turnix
parent taxon	Monacanthus chinensis Osbeck, 1765 (Fan-bellied leatherjacket) Monacanthus ciliatus Mitchill, 1818 (Fringed filefish)	Monacanthus	filefish
parent taxon	The Sulawesi soft-furred rat (Eropeplus canus) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.	Sulawesi soft-furred rat	Eropeplus
parent taxon	Tsitana, commonly called sylphs, is a genus of skippers in the family Hesperiidae are found primarily in Africa.	Tsitana	Hesperiidae
parent taxon	Trigoniidae is a taxonomic family of saltwater clams, marine bivalve mollusks in the superfamily Trigonioidea.	Trigoniidae	Trigonioidea
parent taxon	Proxatrypanius rockefelleri is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Proxatrypanius.	Proxatrypanius	Cerambycidae
parent taxon	Dobson's horseshoe bat (Rhinolophus yunanensis) is a species of bat in the family Rhinolophidae.	Dobson's horseshoe bat	Rhinolophus
parent taxon	The Atlantic Spanish mackerel (Scomberomorus maculatus) is a migratory species of mackerel that swims to the Northern Gulf of Mexico in spring, returns to south Florida in the Eastern Gulf, and to Mexico in the Western Gulf in the fall.	Atlantic Spanish mackerel	Scomberomorus
parent taxon	The Kutubu hardyhead (Craterocephalus lacustris) is a species of fish in the Atherinidae family.	Kutubu hardyhead	Craterocephalus
parent taxon	Lepetella is a genus of very small deep-sea sea snails or limpets, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Lepetellidae.	Lepetella	Lepetellidae
participant of	Mylène Lazare (born November 20, 1987) is a French swimmer, who won a bronze medal at the 2012 Summer Olympics.	Mylène Lazare	2012 Summer Olympics
participant of	Zoltán Kósz (born November 26, 1967 in Budapest) is a Hungarian water polo player, who played on the gold medal squad at the 2000 Summer Olympics.	Zoltán Kósz	2000 Summer Olympics
participant of	Cheng En He competed in the 2004 Summer Paralympics in the 400m, 800m and 1500m, it was in this last event that he won his solitary medal, a bronze.	Cheng En He	2004 Summer Paralympics
participant of	Charles Darley Miller (October 23, 1868 -- December 22, 1951) was a British polo player who competed in the 1908 Summer Olympics as a member of the British polo team Roehampton, which won the gold medal.	Charles Darley Miller	1908 Summer Olympics
participant of	Alan McClatchey (born 16 September 1956) is a British former swimmer who competed at the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal, Canada, and won a bronze medal as a member of the British 4x200-metre freestyle relay with Gordon Downie, David Dunne and Brian Brinkley.	Alan McClatchey	1976 Summer Olympics
participant of	Randy Will (born August 24, 1964) is an American former bobsledder who competed in the 1992 and 1994 Winter Olympics.	Randy Will	1994 Winter Olympics
participant of	Natasha Baker MBE (born 30 December 1989) is a British para-equestrian who won two gold medals at the 2012 Summer Paralympics.	Natasha Baker	2012 Summer Paralympics
participant of	Günther Maritschnigg (7 November 1933 -- 22 January 2013) was a German former wrestler who competed in the 1960 Summer Olympics.	Günther Maritschnigg	1960 Summer Olympics
participant of	Mario Rottaris (born February 8, 1968) is a former Swiss professional ice hockey centre who last played for HC Fribourg-Gottéron in Switzerland's National League A. Rottaris has participated as a member of the Swiss national team in numerous international tournaments, including the 1992 Winter Olympics.	Mario Rottaris	1992 Winter Olympics
participant of	Ivar Mobekk (born September 15, 1959 in Elverum) is a Norwegian former ski jumper who competed at the 1980 Winter Olympics.	Ivar Mobekk	1980 Winter Olympics
participant of	Maike Stöckel (born 6 March 1984 in Bielefeld) is a German field hockey player who competed in the 2008 and 2012 Summer Olympics.	Maike Stöckel	2012 Summer Olympics
participant of	Mark Dry (born 11 October 1987) is a British track and field athlete, competing in the hammer throw, who won a bronze medal at the 2014 Commonwealth Games.	Mark Dry	2014 Commonwealth Games
participant of	József Darányi (28 September 1905 in Devecser -- 23 December 1990 in Veresegyház) was a Hungarian shot putter who competed in the 1928 Summer Olympics, in the 1932 Summer Olympics, and in the 1936 Summer Olympics.	József Darányi	1928 Summer Olympics	1932 Summer Olympics	1936 Summer Olympics
participant of	Mirko Vuillermin (born August 2, 1973 in Aosta) is a retired Italian short track speed skater who competed in the 1992 Winter Olympics and in the 1994 Winter Olympics.	Mirko Vuillermin	1992 Winter Olympics	1994 Winter Olympics
participant of	Zdeněk Růžička (born 15 April 1925) is a Czech former gymnast who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics, in the 1952 Summer Olympics, and in the 1956 Summer Olympics.	Zdeněk Růžička	1948 Summer Olympics	1952 Summer Olympics	1956 Summer Olympics
participant of	Kevin Bracken is an American Greco-Roman wrestler who competed in the 2000 Summer Olympics, where he finished 6th at 63 kg.	Kevin Bracken	2000 Summer Olympics
participant of	Jacqui Benkenstein (née Geyser, born 4 August 1974) is a South African former field hockey player who competed in the 2000 Summer Olympics.	Jacqui Benkenstein	2000 Summer Olympics
participant of	Masayuki Kishida (born 24 November 1985) is a Japanese swimmer who competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics.	Masayuki Kishida	2008 Summer Olympics
participant of	Édouard Marcelle (1 October 1909 -- 9 November 2001) was a French rower who won a silver medal in the coxed pairs at the 1928 Summer Olympics, together with his elder brother Armand.	Édouard Marcelle	1928 Summer Olympics
participant of	Norbert Rózsa (born 9 February 1972 in Dombóvár) is a former breaststroker from Hungary, who competed at three consecutive Olympics, beginning with the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona.	Norbert Rózsa	1992 Summer Olympics
participant of	Ratko Radovanović (born 16 October 1956) is a Serbian former basketball player who competed for SFR Yugoslavia at the 1980 Summer Olympics and at the 1984 Summer Olympics.	Ratko Radovanović	1980 Summer Olympics	1984 Summer Olympics
participant of	Mauro Testa (born 19 February 1947) is an Italian former yacht racer who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics.	Mauro Testa	1972 Summer Olympics
participant of	Kálmán Bartalis (born May 16, 1889, date of death unknown) was a Hungarian polo player who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.	Kálmán Bartalis	1936 Summer Olympics
participant of	Mary Frizzell (later Thomasson, January 27, 1913 -- October 12, 1972) was a Canadian athlete who competed in the 1932 Summer Olympics.	Mary Frizzell	1932 Summer Olympics
participant of	Sonam Chuki (born 7 April 1963), is a archer who internationally represented Bhutan Chuki competed for Bhutan at the 1984 Summer Olympics held in Los Angeles in the individual event where she finished 43rd.	Sonam Chuki	1984 Summer Olympics
participant of	Paul Piaget (1905--??) was a Swiss rower who competed in the 1920 Summer Olympics.	Paul Piaget	1920 Summer Olympics
participant of	Marian Simion (born September 14, 1975 in Bucureşti) is a Romanian boxer, who competed in the Light Middleweight (71 kg) at the 2000 Summer Olympics and won the silver medal.	Marian Simion	2000 Summer Olympics
participant of	Guo Xinxin (born August 2, 1983) is a Chinese aerial skier who competed in the 2002 Winter Olympics and the 2006 Winter Olympics.	Guo Xinxin	2002 Winter Olympics	2006 Winter Olympics
participant of	Giorgio Lalle (born March 4, 1957) is a retired breaststroke swimmer from Italy, who represented his native country at the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal, Canada.	Giorgio Lalle	1976 Summer Olympics
participant of	Alejandro Albor (born January 13, 1964) is an American cyclist who won a silver medal at the 2004 Summer Paralympics in Athens, Greece and a silver and bronze medal at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, China.	Alejandro Albor	2004 Summer Paralympics	2008 Summer Paralympics
participant of	Karl Vernon MM (19 June 1880 -- 11 July 1973), sometimes known by his nickname The Bean, was a British rower and coach who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics.	Karl Vernon	1912 Summer Olympics
participant of	Baron Marie Jules Henri de Castex (born 13 July 1854, date of death unknown) was a French sports shooter who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics and in the 1920 Summer Olympics.	Henri de Castex	1912 Summer Olympics	1920 Summer Olympics
participant of	Theresa Zabell Lucas (born 22 May 1965 in Ipswich, Suffolk) is a Spanish sailor who won gold medal both in the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona, and in the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, Georgia.	Theresa Zabell	1992 Summer Olympics
participant of	Barry Pickering (born 12 December 1956) was a successful association football player who represented New Zealand internationally, being part of the 1982 squad that participated at 1982 FIFA World Cup finals where he was the third choice goalkeeper behind Frank van Hattum and Richard Wilson.	Barry Pickering	1982 FIFA World Cup
participant of	Franjo Mihalić (Serbo-Croatian pronunciation: (fraːɲɔ ˈmixalitɕ); 9 March 1920 -- 14 February 2015) was a Croatian-Serbian long-distance runner best known for his 1958 win at the Boston Marathon and his marathon silver medal in the 1956 Summer Olympics.	Franjo Mihalić	1956 Summer Olympics
participant of	Abraham Kepsin (born 10 February 1980) is a Vanuatuan sprinter Kepsin competed at the 2000 Summer Olympics held in Sydney, he entered the 100 metres and ran a personal best time of 11.12 seconds and finished 8th in his heat so didn't qualify for the next round.	Abraham Kepsin	2000 Summer Olympics
participant of	Erminio Frasca (born 6 June 1983) is an Italian sport shooter who competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics.	Erminio Frasca	2008 Summer Olympics
participant of	Marit Øiseth (29 December 1928--5 October 1971) was a Norwegian cross-country skier of the 1940s and 1950s who participated in the 1952 Winter Olympics, held in Oslo.	Marit Øiseth	1952 Winter Olympics
participant of	Louis Prével was a French single scull rower who competed at the 1900 Summer Olympics.	Louis Prével	1900 Summer Olympics
participant of	Ludo Delcroix (born 28 October 1950) was a Belgian professional road bicycle racer, who won the 9th stage in the 1979 Tour de France.	Ludo Delcroix	Tour de France
participant of	Joseph Dowler (1 February 1879 -- 13 February 1931) was a British tug of war competitor who competed in the 1908 Summer Olympics and in the 1912 Summer Olympics.	Joseph Dowler	1908 Summer Olympics	1912 Summer Olympics
participant of	Quincey Clark (born June 5, 1972) is a former competitor in Greco-Roman Wrestling, who represented the United States at the 2000 Summer Olympics.	Quincey Clark	2000 Summer Olympics
participant of	Finn Halvorsen (born 21 February 1947 in Våler, Hedmark) is a Norwegian former ski jumper who he competed at the 1976 Winter Olympics in Innsbruck.	Finn Halvorsen	1976 Winter Olympics
participant of	Édouard Bourguignon (born 18 August 1887 to unknown death) was a Belgian tug of war competitor who competed in the 1920 Summer Olympics.	Édouard Bourguignon	1920 Summer Olympics
participant of	Gerhard Bock (born 6 March 1879, date of death unknown) was a German sport shooter who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics.	Gerhard Bock	1912 Summer Olympics
participant of	Lucille Opitz (born 24 November 1977) is a German speed skater who won a gold medal in the women's team pursuit at the 2006 Winter Olympics.	Lucille Opitz	2006 Winter Olympics
participant of	Markus Hacksteiner (born November 18, 1964 in Windisch, Aargau) is a former middle distance runner from Switzerland, who represented his native country at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, South Korea.	Markus Hacksteiner	1988 Summer Olympics
participant of	Béla Pálfi (Serbian: Bela Palfi, Бeлa Пaлфи; 16 February 1923 -- 9 September 1995) was a Serbian footballer of Hungarian ethnicity who was part of Yugoslavia national football team at the 1950 FIFA World Cup.	Béla Pálfi	1950 FIFA World Cup
participant of	Lee Jong-ae (born 18 March 1975) is a Korean former basketball player who competed in the 1996 Summer Olympics, in the 2000 Summer Olympics, in the 2004 Summer Olympics, and in the 2008 Summer Olympics.	Lee Jong-ae	1996 Summer Olympics	2000 Summer Olympics	2004 Summer Olympics	2008 Summer Olympics
participant of	Toshio Usami (Japanese: 宇佐美 敏夫, born February 22, 1908) was a Japanese field hockey player who competed in the 1932 Summer Olympics.	Toshio Usami	1932 Summer Olympics
participant of	František Havelka (born July 8, 1908, date of death unknown) was a Czech boxer who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics for Czechoslovakia.	František Havelka	1936 Summer Olympics
participant of	Luciano Negrini (born June 22, 1920) is an Italian rower who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.	Luciano Negrini	1936 Summer Olympics
participant of	He was attending a high-altitude training camp in Flagstaff, Arizona, when he became ill. Eamon Sullivan was a member of the controversial Australian Olympic swimming team during the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, and competed in the Australian men's 4 × 100 metre relay team.	Eamon Sullivan	2012 Summer Olympics
participant of	Jalmari Sauli (Jalmari Verner Sauli; August 17, 1889 in Hämeenlinna -- April 22, 1957) was a Finnish writer and track and field athlete who competed in the 1908 Summer Olympics.	Jalmari Sauli	1908 Summer Olympics
participant of	Molly Sterling (born 8 March 1998) is an Irish singer and songwriter who represented Ireland in the Eurovision Song Contest 2015 with the song ``Playing with Numbers''.	Molly Sterling	Eurovision Song Contest 2015
participant of	Vladimir Vujasinović (Serbian Cyrillic: Владимир Вујасиновић; pronounced (ʋlǎdimiːr ʋujasǐːnɔʋit͡ɕ); born 14 August 1973) is a former Serbian water polo player, who has a 2000 Summer Olympics bronze medal (FR Yugoslavia team), 2004 Summer Olympics silver medal (Serbia and Montenegro team), and numerous other titles.	Vladimir Vujasinović	2000 Summer Olympics	2004 Summer Olympics
participant of	Nicholas DiOrio (February 4, 1921 in Morgan, Pennsylvania -- September 11, 2003 in Green Tree, Pennsylvania) was a member of the U.S. national team at the 1950 FIFA World Cup.	Nicholas DiOrio	1950 FIFA World Cup
participant of	Olivier Jean is a member of the Canadian team and relay team in the 2010 Winter Olympics in Vancouver.	Olivier Jean	2010 Winter Olympics
participant of	George Carnoutsos (born 12 February 1958) is a former field hockey player from New Zealand, who was a member of the national team that finished seventh at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles, California.	George Carnoutsos	1984 Summer Olympics
participant of	Richard Schwarz (born January 8, 1890, date of death unknown) was a German-Russian track and field athlete who competed for the Russian Empire in the 1912 Summer Olympics.	Richard Schwarz	1912 Summer Olympics
participant of	Wojciech Fortuna (born 6 August 1952) is a Polish former ski jumper who won the Olympic Gold Medal in the Large Hill at the 1972 Winter Olympics in Sapporo.	Wojciech Fortuna	1972 Winter Olympics
participant of	Gunnar Robert Hedin (born 2 February 1966) is a Swedish handball coach and retired player who won silver medals at the 1992 and 1996 Summer Olympics.	Robert Hedin	1996 Summer Olympics
participant of	Keith Beavers (born February 9, 1983) is a backstroke and medley swimmer from Canada who represented his native country at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, Greece.	Keith Beavers	2004 Summer Olympics
participant of	Tranquilino Garcete (1907--??) was a Paraguayan football midfielder who played for Paraguay in the 1930 FIFA World Cup.	Tranquilino Garcete	1930 FIFA World Cup
participant of	Niamh Kavanagh (/ˈniːv ˈkævənɔː/ NEEV KAV-ə-nah; born 13 February 1968) is an Irish singer who sang the winning entry at the Eurovision Song Contest 1993.	Niamh Kavanagh	Eurovision Song Contest 1993
participant of	Eyþór Ingi Gunnlaugsson (born 29 May 1989 in Dalvík), transliterated/also known as Eythor Ingi, is an Icelandic singer who represented Iceland in the Eurovision Song Contest 2013 in Malmö, Sweden with the song ``Ég á líf'' after winning Söngvakeppnin 2013.	Eyþór Ingi Gunnlaugsson	Eurovision Song Contest 2013
participant of	Luke Madill (born 28 May 1980 in Sydney) is an Australian BMX cyclist who was selected to compete at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing.	Luke Madill	2008 Summer Olympics
participant of	Per Samuelshaug (26 August 1905 -- 4 January 1990) was a Norwegian cross country skier from Alvdal who participated at the 1936 Winter Olympics.	Per Samuelshaug	1936 Winter Olympics
participant of	Eva Santamaría (born Eva María Delgado Macías, 18 October 1971 in El Puerto de Santa María, Cádiz) is a Spanish singer, known for representing Spain at the Eurovision Song Contest 1993 with her song ``Hombres'' (Men), composed by the journalist Carlos Toro.	Eva Santamaría	Eurovision Song Contest 1993
participant of	Elana Meyer (born 10 October 1966, in Albertinia) is a former long-distance runner from South Africa, who won the silver medal at the 1992 Summer Olympics in the 10,000 metres event.	Elana Meyer	1992 Summer Olympics
participant of	Yeung Chui Ling (Chinese: 楊翠玲; Jyutping: joeng4 ceoi3 ling4; born 17 September 1982) is a fencer from Hong Kong, China who won a bronze medal at the 2006 Asian Games in the women's épée team competition.	Yeung Chui Ling	2006 Asian Games
participant of	Ren Hui (Chinese: 任慧; pinyin: Rèn Huì; born August 11, 1983 in Yichun, Heilongjiang) is a Chinese speed skater who won a bronze medal in the Women's 500 m at the 2006 Winter Olympics and bronze at the World Single Distance Championships for Women.	Ren Hui	2006 Winter Olympics
participant of	Dimitrios Loundras (September 6, 1885 -- February 15, 1971) was a Greek gymnast who competed at the 1896 Summer Olympics in Athens.	Dimitrios Loundras	1896 Summer Olympics
participant of	Jürgen Wiefel (born 10 March 1952 in Leipzig) is a German former sport shooter who competed in the 1976 Summer Olympics and in the 1980 Summer Olympics.	Jürgen Wiefel	1976 Summer Olympics	1980 Summer Olympics
participant of	Konrad Freiherr von Wangenheim (20 August 1909 -- 28 January 1953) was a German army Cavalry officer, a horse rider who competed at the 1936 Summer Olympics in Berlin, securing a gold medal for the German equestrian team whilst suffering from a broken collarbone.	Konrad Freiherr von Wangenheim	1936 Summer Olympics
participant of	Bill Parnell (14 February 1928 -- 6 September 2008) was a Canadian middle distance runner who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics and in the 1952 Summer Olympics.	Bill Parnell	1948 Summer Olympics	1952 Summer Olympics
participant of	Marina Yurchenya (born 9 November 1959) is an Soviet former swimmer who competed in the 1976 Summer Olympics.	Marina Yurchenya	1976 Summer Olympics
participant of	Rigoberto Pérez Amavisca (born 26 November 1912, date of death unknown) was a Mexican pole vaulter who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.	Rigoberto Pérez	1936 Summer Olympics
participant of	Petar Ivanov, Italianised to Pietro Ivanov (1894 -- 1961) was an Croatian rower who competed for Italy in the 1924 Summer Olympics.	Petar Ivanov	1924 Summer Olympics
participant of	Cleiton Conceição (born November 1, 1978 in Cruz das Almas, Bahia) is a Brazilian boxer, who represented his native country in the middleweight division at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, Australia.	Cleiton Conceição	2000 Summer Olympics
participant of	Hou Yingli (Chinese: 候颖莉, born 15 August 1978) is a Chinese synchronized swimmer who competed in both the 2000 and 2004 Summer Olympics.	Hou Yingli	2004 Summer Olympics
participant of	After a string good performances for Adelaide United, Holger Osieck selected Eugene Galekovic as part of his 23-man squad for the decisive 2014 FIFA World Cup qualification (AFC) match against Oman.	Eugene Galekovic	2014 FIFA World Cup
participant of	Dimitrios Drivas was a Greek swimmer best known for competing at the 1896 Summer Olympics in Athens.	Dimitrios Drivas	1896 Summer Olympics
participant of	Konrad Hirsch (19 May 1900 in Eidskog, Norway -- 17 November 1924) was a Swedish football (soccer) player who competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics.	Konrad Hirsch	1924 Summer Olympics
participant of	Johann Zeitler (born 30 April 1927) is a German former footballer who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics and in the 1956 Summer Olympics.	Johann Zeitler	1952 Summer Olympics	1956 Summer Olympics
participant of	Qazi Abdul Waheed (born 16 April 1922) was a field hockey player from Pakistan who played for Pakistan's National Field Hockey Team at the 1952 Summer Olympics.	Qazi Abdul Waheed	1952 Summer Olympics
participant of	Toshiaki Inoue (born 3 January 1951) is a Japanese former triple jumper who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics and in the 1976 Summer Olympics.	Toshiaki Inoue	1972 Summer Olympics	1976 Summer Olympics
participant of	Henri Padou, Jr. (21 August 1928 -- 16 November 1999) was a French freestyle swimmer who competed at the 1948 Summer Olympics.	Henri Padou, Jr.	1948 Summer Olympics
participant of	Loida Zabala Ollero (born 5 April 1987) is a Spanish disability powerlifter who has represented Spain at the 2008 and 2012 Summer Paralympics.	Loida Zabala Ollero	2012 Summer Paralympics
participant of	Panteley Dimitrov (Bulgarian: Пантелей Димитров; 2 November 1940 -- 23 June 2001) was a Bulgarian football midfielder who played for Bulgaria in the 1962 FIFA World Cup.	Panteley Dimitrov	1962 FIFA World Cup
participant of	Addis Abebe (born September 5, 1970) is a former long-distance runner from Ethiopia, best known for winning a bronze medal in the 10,000 metres at the 1992 Summer Olympics.	Addis Abebe	1992 Summer Olympics
participant of	Inés Arrondo (born November 28, 1977 in Mar del Plata) is a retired field hockey player from Argentina, who won the silver medal with the national women's hockey team at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney and a bronze medal at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens.	Inés Arrondo	2000 Summer Olympics	2004 Summer Olympics
participant of	Josip Zidarn (born September 24, 1909, date of death unknown) is a Yugoslav canoer who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.	Josip Zidarn	1936 Summer Olympics
participant of	Zsófia Csonka (born in Pécs on 1983 September 12) is a Hungarian sport-shooter who competed at the 2004, 2008 and 2012 Summer Olympics.	Zsófia Csonka	2012 Summer Olympics
participant of	Dragutin Friedrich (5 January 1897 -- 26 March 1980) was a Croatian footballer who represented the national team of the Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes at the 1924 Summer Olympics.	Dragutin Friedrich	1924 Summer Olympics
participant of	Katalin Szilágyi (born November 16, 1965 in Nyíregyháza) is a former Hungarian handball player who has won the bronze medal with the Hungarian team in the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta.	Katalin Szilágyi	1996 Summer Olympics
participant of	Willy Schröder (7 March 1912 -- 28 September 1990) was a German athlete who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.	Willy Schröder	1936 Summer Olympics
participant of	2005 Feminnem won the right to represent Bosnia and Herzegovina in the Eurovision Song Contest 2005 in Ukraine with their entry ``Call Me'', an up-tempo pop song written and composed by Andrej Babić.	Feminnem	Eurovision Song Contest 2005
participant of	Jože Gazvoda (born 4 February 1949 in Ljubljana) is a retired Slovenian alpine skier who competed for Yugoslavia in the 1968 Winter Olympics.	Jože Gazvoda	1968 Winter Olympics
participant of	Kim U-gil (born October 17, 1949) is a former boxer from North Korea who won the silver medal in the light flyweight division (-- 48 kg) at the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich, West Germany.	Kim U-gil	1972 Summer Olympics
participant of	Hans Theilig (12 August 1914 in Hamburg -- 6 October 1976) in Hamburg was a German field handball player who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.	Hans Theilig	1936 Summer Olympics
participant of	Brett Winslow (born September 8, 1967 in Santa Barbara, California) is a former American volleyball player, who was a member of the United States men's national volleyball team that finished in ninth place at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, Georgia.	Brett Winslow	1996 Summer Olympics
participant of	Vera Lischka (born 1 May 1977 in Linz, Oberösterreich) is a former breaststroke swimmer from Austria, who competed for her native country at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, Georgia.	Vera Lischka	1996 Summer Olympics
participant of	Josef Slíva (born November 25, 1898, date of death unknown) was a Czech figure skater who competed for Czechoslovakia in the 1924 Winter Olympics and in the 1928 Winter Olympics.	Josef Slíva	1924 Winter Olympics	1928 Winter Olympics
participant of	Pedro Isidro (born 17 July 1985 in Azambuja) is a Portuguese race walker who competed in the 50 kilometres walk event at the 2012 Summer Olympics.	Pedro Isidro	2012 Summer Olympics
participant of	Pierre-Yvon Lenoir (8 August 1936 -- 25 November 2015) was a French middle distance runner who competed in the 1960 Summer Olympics.	Pierre-Yvon Lenoir	1960 Summer Olympics
participant of	Joseph Lubega (born January 1, 1982 in Namirembe, Kampala) is a boxer from Uganda, who participated in the 2004 Summer Olympics for his country.	Joseph Lubega	2004 Summer Olympics
participant of	Roberto Frigerio (born 16 May 1938 in Le Havre, France) is a Swiss football forward who played for Switzerland in the 1962 FIFA World Cup.	Roberto Frigerio	1962 FIFA World Cup
participant of	Giorgi Gogshelidze (born 7 November 1979 in Gori) is a Georgian wrestler, who has won a bronze medal at the 2008 Summer Olympics and 2012 Summer Olympics.	Giorgi Gogshelidze	2008 Summer Olympics	2012 Summer Olympics
participant of	Shannon Flynn (born 22 August 1996) is an English actress from Rochdale, Greater Manchester, who is best known for playing Emily James in Waterloo Road.	Shannon Flynn	Waterloo Road
participant of	Artúr Coray (July 16, 1881 -- February 27, 1909) was a Hungarian track and field athlete who competed at the 1900 Summer Olympics in Paris, France.	Artúr Coray	1900 Summer Olympics
participant of	Justyna Kozdryk (born 4 March 1980) is a Polish powerlifter who won silver at the 2008 Summer Paralympics.	Justyna Kozdryk	2008 Summer Paralympics
participant of	Andrei Rekechinski (born 7 January 1981) is a retired Russian water polo player who played on the silver medal squad at the 2000 Summer Olympics and the bronze medal squad at the 2004 Summer Olympics.	Andrei Rekechinski	2000 Summer Olympics	2004 Summer Olympics
participant of	Otto Steffers (born October 19, 1972, in Louisville, Kentucky) is a former field hockey defender from the United States, who finished twelfth with the national team at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, Georgia.	Otto Steffers	1996 Summer Olympics
participant of	Zhang Yunsong (born 20 March 1977) is a Chinese basketball player who competed in the 2004 Summer Olympics.	Zhang Yunsong	2004 Summer Olympics
participant of	James Harper-Orr (18 October 1878 -- 19 March 1956) was a Scottish cricketer and field hockey player who competed in the 1908 Summer Olympics.	James Harper-Orr	1908 Summer Olympics
participant of	Travis Jayner (born May 9, 1982 in Riverview, New Brunswick) is a Canadian-born American short track speed skater who is a member of the US Olympic Team for the 2010 Winter Olympics in Vancouver.	Travis Jayner	2010 Winter Olympics
participant of	Erzsébet Balázs-Baranyai (October 15, 1920 − November 24, 2014) was a Hungarian gymnast who competed at the 1948 Summer Olympics in London, where she won a silver medal in the women's team competition after replacing an injured Ágnes Keleti.	Erzsébet Balázs	1948 Summer Olympics
participant of	Saleem Al-Nasri (Arabic: سليم النصري‎; born January 1, 1977 in Ibri) is an Omani sport shooter who competes in the double trap at the 2004 Summer Olympics.	Saleem Al-Nasri	2004 Summer Olympics
participant of	Rezső Crettier (born November 25, 1878 - died ?) was a Hungarian track and field athlete who competed in the 1900 Summer Olympics.	Rezső Crettier	1900 Summer Olympics
participant of	Leanne Del Toso (born 12 August 1980) is a 3.5 point wheelchair basketball player who represented Australia at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London, where she won a silver medal.	Leanne Del Toso	2012 Summer Paralympics
participant of	Manuela Stellmach (born 22 February 1970 in Berlin) is a former freestyle swimmer from East Germany, who was a member of the women's relay team that won the gold medal in the 4×100 m freestyle relay at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, South Korea.	Manuela Stellmach	1988 Summer Olympics
participant of	Karl Gustaf Lennart Lindroos (born December 2, 1886, date of death unknown) was a Finnish breaststroke swimmer who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics.	Lennart Lindroos	1912 Summer Olympics
participant of	Tarryn Bright (born 26 April 1983) is a South African field hockey player who competed in the 2008 and 2012 Summer Olympics.	Tarryn Bright	2012 Summer Olympics
participant of	Juan Bautista Hernández Pérez (born December 24, 1962) is a retired boxer from Cuba, who won the gold medal in the Bantamweight division (-54 kg) at age seventeen at the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow.	Juan Bautista Hernández Pérez	1980 Summer Olympics
participant of	Samir Azzimani (Arabic: سمير عزيماني‎, born October 22, 1977) is an alpine and nordic skier who competed for Morocco at the 2010 Winter Olympics.	Samir Azzimani	2010 Winter Olympics
participant of	Josef Krämer (May 4, 1878 -- January 20, 1954) was a German gymnast, track and field athlete, and tug of war competitor who competed in the 1906 Summer Olympics and in the 1908 Summer Olympics.	Josef Krämer	1908 Summer Olympics
participant of	Sverre Sørsdal (August 5, 1900 -- March 21, 1996) was a Norwegian boxer who competed in the 1920 Summer Olympics, in the 1924 Summer Olympics, and in the 1928 Summer Olympics.	Sverre Sørsdal	1920 Summer Olympics	1924 Summer Olympics	1928 Summer Olympics
participant of	Gunnar Wennerström (June 27, 1879 -- 1931) was a Swedish water polo player and freestyle swimmer who competed in the 1908 Summer Olympics.	Gunnar Wennerström	1908 Summer Olympics
participant of	Pascal Fauvel (8 April 1882 -- 22 October 1942) was a French archer who competed in the 1920 Summer Olympics.	Pascal Fauvel	1920 Summer Olympics
participant of	Silvia Bertagna competed at the 2014 Winter Olympics.	Silvia Bertagna	2014 Winter Olympics
participant of	Rene Capo (May 9, 1961 -- July 6, 2009) was a judoka from the United States who competed in the 1988 Summer Olympics and the 1996 Summer Olympics.	Rene Capo	1988 Summer Olympics	1996 Summer Olympics
participant of	Enzo Sacchi (January 6, 1926 -- July 12, 1988) was a road bicycle and track cyclist from Italy, who won the gold medal in the men's 1,000 metre sprint scratch race at the 1952 Summer Olympics in Helsinki, Finland.	Enzo Sacchi	1952 Summer Olympics
participant of	Belal Mabrouk (born 2 August 1984) is an Egyptian handball player who competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics.	Belal Mabrouk	2008 Summer Olympics
participant of	On December 16, 2010, Queen Harrison won The Bowerman, the ``Heisman of Track and Field'' She qualified to the 2011 World Championships in Athletics, but did not make it out of the semi-final round.	Queen Harrison	2011 World Championships in Athletics
participant of	Jānis Vilsons (born January 10, 1944, Beja, Alūksne Municipality) is a former Latvian handball player who competed for the Soviet Union in the 1972 Summer Olympics.	Jānis Vilsons	1972 Summer Olympics
participant of	Dejan Savić (Serbian Cyrillic: Дејан Савић) (born 24 April 1975) is former Yugoslavian and Serbian water polo player who played for the bronze medal squad of FR Yugoslavia at the 2000 Summer Olympics and the silver medal squad of Serbia and Montenegro at the 2004 Summer Olympics.	Dejan Savić	2000 Summer Olympics	2004 Summer Olympics
participant of	Lindsay Sutton (born 23 October 1989) is an Australian track and field athlete who represented Australia at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in athletics.	Lindsay Sutton	2012 Summer Paralympics
participant of	Liu Yun-Chang (Chinese: 劉 雲章, born February 20, 1912, date of death unknown) was a Chinese basketball player who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.	Liu Yun-Chang	1936 Summer Olympics
participant of	Vlastimil Černý (born April 7, 1963) is a former butterfly and freestyle swimmer, who competed for Canada at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, South Korea.	Vlastimil Černý	1988 Summer Olympics
participant of	Asset Mambetov (born 10 June 1982) is a Kazakh wrestler, who has won a bronze medal at the 2008 Summer Olympics.	Asset Mambetov	2008 Summer Olympics
participant of	Mathias Torstensen (born November 1, 1896 - date of death unknown) was a Norwegian rower who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics.	Mathias Torstensen	1912 Summer Olympics
participant of	Włodzimierz Cieślak (born 23 April 1950, in Zgierz) is a Polish former wrestler who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics.	Włodzimierz Cieślak	1972 Summer Olympics
participant of	August Oberhauser (born 4 March 1895, date of death unknown) was a Swiss football (soccer) player who competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics.	August Oberhauser	1924 Summer Olympics
participant of	Paul Kellner (June 6, 1890 -- April 3, 1972) was a German backstroke swimmer, who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics.	Paul Kellner	1912 Summer Olympics
participant of	Sobhan Rouhi (Persian: سبحان روحی‎‎; born 13 December 1947) is an Iranian former wrestler who competed in the 1976 Summer Olympics.	Sobhan Rouhi	1976 Summer Olympics
participant of	Bethany Firth (born 14 February 1996) is a Northern Irish Paralympic swimmer competing for Great Britain as of 2014; previously Firth had competed, and won a gold medal, for Ireland at the 2012 Summer Paralympics.	Bethany Firth	2012 Summer Paralympics
participant of	Leonid Barkovskiy (born 13 December 1940) is an Soviet former long jumper who competed in the 1964 Summer Olympics, in the 1968 Summer Olympics, and in the 1972 Summer Olympics.	Leonid Barkovskiy	1964 Summer Olympics	1968 Summer Olympics	1972 Summer Olympics
participant of	Richard Brickell (born 29 October 1975 in Newbury, Berkshire, England) is a sport shooter who represented Great Britain at the 2004 Summer Olympics and the 2012 Summer Olympics and 2010 Commonwealth Games in Delhi where he won both individual Gold and Bronze medals in the pairs event.	Richard Brickell	2004 Summer Olympics	2012 Summer Olympics
performer	Für die Nacht gemacht is the second full-length album of Mondsucht.	Für die Nacht gemacht	Mondsucht
performer	That Crazy Feeling is a song written by Ray Doggett and recorded by American country music artist Kenny Rogers (then known as Kenneth Rogers).	That Crazy Feeling	Kenny Rogers
performer	Bloody Tourists was the sixth studio album by 10cc and the second to be produced following the band's 1976 split.	Bloody Tourists	10cc
performer	Kneipenterroristen (German for Tavern terrorists) is the 5th album of the German Hard rock band Böhse Onkelz.	Kneipenterroristen	Böhse Onkelz
performer	In Your Own Time is the second studio album by Take That band member Mark Owen.	In Your Own Time	Mark Owen
place of birth	Uriel Sebree was born in Fayette, Missouri, on February 20, 1848, to Judge John Sebree, called ``one of the prominent citizens of old Howard County'' by the Jefferson County Tribune, and his wife.	Uriel Sebree	Fayette
place of birth	John Lyman Chatfield was born September 13, 1826 at Oxford, Connecticut in western New Haven County, Connecticut.	John Lyman Chatfield	Oxford
place of birth	Damien Godet (born November 10, 1986 in Sartrouville, Yvelines) is a French professional BMX cyclist.	Damien Godet	Sartrouville
place of birth	Brad Delson attended Agoura High School in Agoura Hills, an affluent suburb of Los Angeles, with childhood friend and Linkin Park band mate Mike Shinoda.	Brad Delson	Los Angeles
place of birth	Mariko Daouda (born 13 November 1981, Abidjan, Côte d'Ivoire) is a retired Ivorian footballer.	Mariko Daouda	Abidjan
place of death	Cristoforo Landino (1424 in Pratovecchio, Casentino, Florence -- 24 September 1498, in Borgo alla Collina, Casentino) was an Italian humanist and an important figure of the Florentine Renaissance.	Cristoforo Landino	Casentino
place of death	One day when Bairam Khan was at Sahastralinga Tank, a religious site near Anhilwad Patan, he was recognised by Lohani Pashtun, an associate of Haji Khan Mewati.	Bairam Khan	Sahastralinga Tank
place of death	Robert Hacomblen (also spelt Hacomplaynt, Hacumplaynt, Hacomplayne, Hacomblene, Hacumblen) (b London, 1455 or 1456; d Cambridge, 8 Sept 1528), was provost of King's College, Cambridge.	Robert Hacomblen	Cambridge
place of death	Eugène Rouché (born 18 August 1832 at Sommières, Gard, France, died 19 August 1910 at Lunel, Hérault) was a French mathematician.	Eugène Rouché	Lunel
place of death	Brian Greenhoff (28 April 1953 -- 22 May 2013) was an English footballer who played in the Football League for Manchester United, Leeds United and Rochdale.	Brian Greenhoff	Rochdale
place of death	Johan Steffan Danielsen (3 September 1922 in Nólsoy, Faroe Islands - 28 May 1976 in Tórshavn, Faroe Islands) was a Faroese painter.	Steffan Danielsen	Tórshavn
place of death	Vlastimil Tusar (18 October 1880 Prague -- 22 March 1924 Berlin) was a Czech journalist and political figure.	Vlastimil Tusar	Berlin
place of death	Florent Fidèle Constant Bourgeois, a French landscape painter, engraver, and lithographer, was born in Paris in 1767.	Florent Fidèle Constant Bourgeois	Paris
place of death	Andrea Dandolo (1306 -- 7 September 1354) was elected the 54th doge of Venice in 1343, replacing Bartolomeo Gradenigo who died in late 1342.	Andrea Dandolo	Venice
place of death	Pierre-Hector Coullié (14 March 1829 -- 12 September 1912) was a Cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church and was Archbishop of Lyon.	Pierre-Hector Coullié	Lyon
place of death	Trude Richter (born Magdeburg 19 November 1899; died Leipzig 4 January 1989) was a writer, literary scholar and teacher who became a political activist.	Trude Richter	Leipzig
place of death	Yuli Daniel was born in Moscow, the son of the Yiddish playwright M. Daniel (Mark Meyerovich, Russian: Марк Наумович Меерович).	Yuli Daniel	Moscow
place of death	Max Zilzer (23 November 1868, in Budapest -- 1943, in Berlin) was a Hungarian-born German stage and film actor.	Max Zilzer	Berlin
place of death	Herbert Gerigk (2 March 1905, Mannheim -- 20 June 1996, Dortmund) was a German musicologist, notable for his co-authoring of the Nazi Lexicon of Jews in Music.	Herbert Gerigk	Dortmund
place of death	Georg Wertheim (February 11, 1857, Stralsund -- December 31, 1939, Berlin) was a German merchant and founder of the popular Wertheim chain of department stores.	Georg Wertheim	Berlin
place of death	Pietro Scaglione (Lercara Friddi, March 2, 1906 -- Palermo, May 5, 1971) was an Italian magistrate and Chief Prosecutor of Palermo (Sicily).	Pietro Scaglione	Palermo
place of death	After the Battle of Aegospotami, Alcibiades crossed the Hellespont and took refuge in Phrygia, with the object of securing the aid of Artaxerxes against Sparta.	Alcibiades	Phrygia
place of death	William Wyld (London 1806 -- 25 December 1889 Paris) was an English painter.	William Wyld	Paris
place of death	Henri Legrand du Saulle (Dijon, 16 April 1830 -- Paris, 5 May 1886) was a French psychiatrist.	Henri Legrand du Saulle	Paris
place of death	Merrit Cecil Walton (December 18, 1915 -- August 7, 1942) was an American Marine Corps platoon sergeant who died a hero in battle at Gavutu in the Solomon Islands.	Merrit Cecil Walton	Gavutu
place of death	Rudolf Nelson (4 April 1878 -- 5 February 1960) was a German composer of hit songs, film music, operetta and vaudeville, and the founder/director of the Nelson Revue, a significant cabaret troupe on the 1930s Berlin nightlife scene.	Rudolf Nelson	Berlin
place of death	Auguste Barth (born in Strasbourg 22 May 1834; died in Paris 15 April 1916) was a French orientalist.	Auguste Barth	Paris
place of death	Joseph Süß Oppenheimer (1698 -- February 4, 1738) was a German Jewish banker and court Jew for Duke Karl Alexander of Württemberg in Stuttgart.	Joseph Süß Oppenheimer	Stuttgart
place of death	Pjetër Zarishi or Dom Pjeter Xarishi (1806 Blinisht, Zadrima -- 1866 Kallmet, Lezhë) was an Albanian Mirditë Catholic priest and poet who established a tradition of the 19th century Catholic literature in northern Albania.	Pjetër Zarishi	Kallmet
place of death	Władysław Taczanowski (1 March 1819, Jabłonna -- 17 January 1890, Warsaw) was a Polish zoologist.	Władysław Taczanowski	Warsaw
place of death	When Camillo Róndani was born in Parma the city was part of the French Empire Napoleon having crowned himself King of Italy.	Camillo Róndani	Parma
place of death	Norah McGuinness (7 November 1901, County Londonderry, Ireland -- 22 November 1980, County Dublin) was an Irish painter and illustrator.	Norah McGuinness	Dublin
place of death	Saint Cunibert, Cunipert, or Kunibert (c. 600 -- 12 November c. 663) was the ninth Bishop of Cologne from 627 to his death.	Cunibert	Cologne
place of death	Rudolf Pöch (April 17, 1870, Tarnopol, Kingdom of Galicia and Lodomeria - March 4, 1921, Innsbruck), was an Austrian doctor, anthropologist, and ethnologist.	Rudolf Pöch	Innsbruck
place of death	Roy Saunders (4 September 1930 -- 29 January 2009) was a professional footballer who played for Liverpool and Swansea Town.	Roy Saunders	Swansea
place of death	Jimmy Aubrey (23 October 1887 in Bolton, Lancashire, England -- 2 September 1983 in Woodland Hills, California) was an English actor who worked with both Charlie Chaplin and Laurel and Hardy, having gone with Fred Karno's company to America.	Jimmy Aubrey	Woodland Hills
place of death	Manuela Malasaña Oñoro (Madrid, Spain, March 10, 1791 - Madrid, May 2, 1808) was one of the victims of the uprising against the troops of Napoleon I of France stationed in the Spanish capital during the Peninsular War (also called Spanish War of Independence).	Manuela Malasaña	Madrid
place of death	When Soviet troops took Prague in May 1945, Avgustyn Voloshyn was arrested by the NKVD and taken to Moscow.	Avgustyn Voloshyn	Moscow
place of death	Guglielmo Gratarolo or Gratarolo or Guilelmus Gratarolus (16 May 1516, Bergamo - 16 April 1568, Basel) was an Italian doctor and alchemist.	Guglielmo Gratarolo	Basel
place of death	Jean Ballesdens (1595 in Paris -- 1675 in Paris) was a French lawyer, editor and bibliophile, though he has left practically no writings.	Jean Ballesdens	Paris
place of death	Arthur Ryan Smith was born in Calgary, Alberta on May 16, 1919 to parents Arthur LeRoy Smith and Sara Isobel Ryan.	Arthur Ryan Smith	Calgary
place of death	Karl Heinrich Emil Becker (14 September 1879 in Speyer -- 8 April 1940 in Berlin) was a German weapons engineer and artillery general.	Karl Heinrich Emil Becker	Berlin
place of death	Hyacinthe Laurent Théophile Aube (22 November 1826, Toulon, Var -- 31 December 1890, Toulon) was a French admiral, who held several important governmental positions during the Third Republic.	Théophile Aube	Toulon
place of death	Luitpold Steidle (born Ulm 12 March 1898: died Weimar 27 July 1984) was a German army office and an East German politician.	Luitpold Steidle	Weimar
place of death	Vicente Masip (also Vicente Macip) (Andilla, 1475 - Valencia, 1545) was a Spanish painter of the Renaissance period.	Vicente Masip	Valencia
place of death	Anastasia Baburova (Russian: Анастасия Эдуардовна Бабурова Anastasia Eduardovna Baburova, Ukrainian: Анастасiя Едуардівна Бабурова Anastasia Eduardivna Baburova; 30 November 1983 -- 19 January 2009) was a journalist for Novaya Gazeta and a student of journalism at Moscow State University.	Anastasia Baburova	Moscow
place of death	Like her sisters, Teresa Brambilla studied at the Milan Conservatory, where she first became acquainted with Giuseppina Strepponi, a fellow student and the future wife of Giuseppe Verdi.	Teresa Brambilla	Milan
place of death	Sharaf Khan Bidlisi or Sharaf al-Din Bitlisi (Kurdish: شەرەفخانی بەدلیسی, Şerefxanê Bedlîsî; Persian: شرف‌خان بدلیسی‎‎) (949-1012/1543-1603-04) was a medieval Kurdish emir and a politician from the Emirate of Bitlis.	Sharaf Khan Bidlisi	Bitlis
place of death	Heinrich Wilhelm Schott (7 January 1794 in Brünn (Brno), Moravia -- 5 March 1865 at Schönbrunn Palace, Vienna) was an Austrian botanist well known for his extensive work on aroids (Family Araceae).	Heinrich Wilhelm Schott	Vienna
place of death	Jan Antoni Blank (6 May 1785, Olsztyn - 20 February 1844, Warsaw) was a Polish painter in the Classical style who specialized in portraits and miniatures; many of which are in a style similar to Biedermeier.	Antoni Blank	Warsaw
place of death	Johannes Bosboom (born The Hague, February 18, 1817 -- died there September 14, 1891) was a Dutch painter and watercolorist of the Hague School, known especially for his paintings of church interiors.	Johannes Bosboom	The Hague
place of death	Viktoria von Ballasko (24 January 1909, Vienna -- 10 May 1976, Berlin) was an Austrian actress.	Viktoria von Ballasko	Berlin
place of death	Michele Zaza (Italian pronunciation: (miˈkɛːle ˈdzaddza); Procida, April 10, 1945 -- Rome, July 18, 1994) was a member of the Camorra criminal organisation who was also initiated in the Sicilian Mafia.	Michele Zaza	Rome
place of death	Lubov Rabinovich, (Любовь Семеновна Рабинович) (1907 in Liepāja, Russian Empire -- 2001 in Moscow, Russia) was a Soviet Russian painter most noted for her works depicting rural life and particularly life in the newly created settlements of the Virgin Lands Campaign.	Lubov Rabinovich	Moscow
place of death	Franz Michael Permaneder (b. at Traunstein, Bavaria, 12 August 1794; d. at Regensburg, 10 October 1862) was a German canon lawyer.	Franz Michael Permaneder	Regensburg
place of death	Cow Cow Davenport, who died in 1955 in Cleveland, Ohio, of hardening of the arteries, is a member of the Alabama Music Hall of Fame.	Cow Cow Davenport	Cleveland
place of death	Louis Dominique Munnier or Meunier, born 17 December 1734 in Phalsbourg (Moselle ), died in 1800 in Nancy, (Meurthe-et-Moselle), was a general of the French Revolutionary Wars.	Louis Dominique Munnier	Nancy
place of death	Lazar Brodsky died on September 19, 1904 from diabetes mellitus in Basel, on September 24 his body was brought to Kiev and the same day the funeral was organized at the Choral Synagogue.	Lazar Brodsky	Basel
place of death	Anne Pressly (August 28, 1982 -- October 25, 2008) was an American news anchor for KATV Channel 7 in Little Rock, Arkansas.	Anne Pressly	Little Rock
place of death	Joshua Abraham Norton (c. 1818 -- January 8, 1880), known as Emperor Norton, was a citizen of San Francisco, California who in 1859 proclaimed himself ``Norton I, Emperor of the United States'' and subsequently ``Protector of Mexico''.	Emperor Norton	San Francisco
place of death	Father Patrick Peyton, C.S.C., died peacefully holding a Rosary in a very small room on June 3, 1992 in San Pedro, California.	Patrick Peyton	California
place of death	Rainer Penkert (23 June 1921 -- 11 April 2012 in Munich), was a German actor.	Rainer Penkert	Munich
place of death	Giovanni Antonio Sanna (Sassari, 29 August 1819 -- Rome, 9 February 1875) was an Italian entrepreneur and politician.	Giovanni Antonio Sanna	Rome
place of death	Bogdan Khanenko (Russian: Богдан Ханенко) (1848--1917) was a Kiev-born lawyer, sugar industrialist, and art collector.	Bogdan Khanenko	Kiev
place of death	Raymond Leyris better known as Cheikh Raymond, (born on 27 July 1912 in Batna of a Judeo-Berber father and French mother and assassinated in Constantine, French Algeria on 22 June 1961) was a renowned Algerian Jewish musician.	Cheikh Raymond	Constantine
place of death	Ignacio Pinazo Camarlench (Valencia, January 11, 1849--Godella, October 18, 1916) was a Spanish painter, and one of the most prominent artists of Valencia from the end of the nineteenth century, working in the Impressionist style.	Ignacio Pinazo Camarlench	Godella
place of death	A resident of Syosset on Long Island, New York, following his retirement from banking August Belmont IV made his home in Easton, Maryland where he died in 1995 at age eighty-six.	August Belmont IV	Easton
place of death	Ğäliäsğar Kamal was born on 6 January 1879 in the family of a furrier craftsman in Kazan.	Ğäliäsğar Kamal	Kazan
place of death	Hinrik Funhof (d. 1485, also spelled Henrik Funhof) was a late Gothic painter who lived and worked in Hamburg.	Hinrik Funhof	Hamburg
place of death	Jesse A. Fernández (born December 7, 1925 Havana, Cuba, died 1986 in Paris, France) was a Cuban artist and photographer.	Jesse A. Fernández	Paris
place of death	Jacques Élie Faure (April 4, 1873 in Sainte-Foy-la-Grande, France -- October 29, 1937 in Paris) was a French art historian and essayist.	Élie Faure	Paris
place of death	Léon Choubrac (17 November 1847 -- 5 April 1885), also known as Hope, was a French poster designer and illustrator based in Paris.	Léon Choubrac	Paris
place of death	Wilhelm Biltz (born March 8, 1877 in Berlin, died November 13, 1943 in Heidelberg) was a German chemist and scientific editor.	Wilhelm Biltz	Heidelberg
place of death	Bob Spottiswood died in early 1966, in Bromley, Greater London, aged 81 or 82.	Bob Spottiswood	Bromley
place of death	Giuliano Bugiardini (January 29, 1475 -- February 17, 1555) was an Italian painter of the late-Renaissance period known as Mannerism, born and mainly active in Florence.	Giuliano Bugiardini	Florence
place of death	Adolphe Beaufrère (Quimper March 24, 1876--February 16, 1960 Larmor-Plage) was a French painter, illustrator, and engraver.	Adolphe Beaufrère	Larmor-Plage
place of death	Albert Kellogg (December 6, 1813 in Connecticut -- March 31, 1887 in Alameda, California), was an American physician, northern California botanist, and one of seven founders in 1853 of the California Academy of Sciences.	Albert Kellogg	Alameda
place of death	George Allen Gilreath (September 26, 1834 -- July 3, 1863) commanded the North Carolina 55th Regiment which advanced the farthest during Pickett's Charge at the Battle of Gettysburg, Pennsylvania, during the American Civil War.	George Allen Gilreath	Gettysburg
place of death	Pope Eutychian (died 7 December 283), also called Eutychianus, was the Bishop of Rome from 4 January 275 to his death in 283.	Pope Eutychian	Rome
place of death	Michael Szilágyi de Horogszeg (Hungarian: horogszegi Szilágyi Mihály; ? 1400 -- Constantinople, 1460) was a Hungarian general, Regent of Hungary, Count of Beszterce (Bistrița) and Head of Szilágyi--	Michael Szilágyi	Constantinople
place of death	Mikuláš Schneider-Trnavský KSG (24 May 1881, Trnava -- 28 May 1958, Bratislava) was a Slovak composer, conductor and pedagogue.	Mikuláš Schneider-Trnavský	Bratislava
place of death	Umberto Benigni was a Catholic priest and Church historian, who was born on 30 March 1862 in Perugia, Italy and died on 27 February 1934 in Rome.	Umberto Benigni	Rome
place of death	Eise Jeltes Eisinga (21 February 1744 -- 27 August 1828) was a Frisian amateur astronomer who built the Eise Eisinga Planetarium in his house in Franeker, Frisia Province in the Netherlands.	Eise Eisinga	Franeker
place of death	Lorenzo Ghiberti (Italian: (loˈrɛntso ɡiˈbɛrti); 1378 -- 1 December 1455), born Lorenzo di Bartolo, was a Florentine Italian artist of the Early Renaissance best known as the creator of the bronze doors of the Florence Baptistery, called by Michelangelo the Gates of Paradise.	Lorenzo Ghiberti	Florence
place of death	Five years later, Ambrosius Stub moved to Ribe, where he kept close company to Bishop Hans Adolph Brorson.	Ambrosius Stub	Ribe
place of death	Paolo Grassi (Milan, Italy, 30 October 1919 - London, England, 14 March 1981) was an Italian theatrical impresario.	Paolo Grassi	London
place of death	Jean Charles Rodolphe Radau (January 22, 1835 -- December 21, 1911) was an astronomer and mathematician who worked in Paris at the Revue des deux Mondes for most of his life.	Rodolphe Radau	Paris
place of death	Ayillyath Kuttiari Gopalan (1 October 1904 -- 22 March 1977), popularly known as A. K. Gopalan or AKG, was an Indian communist leader and first leader of opposition in India.	A. K. Gopalan	India
place of death	Dagmar Oakland died in Burbank, California in 1989.	Dagmar Oakland	Burbank
place of death	Henryk Borowski (14 February 1910 in Płock - 13 November 1991 in Warsaw) was a Polish theater, radio and film actor.	Henryk Borowski	Warsaw
place of death	Anselmo Zarza Bernal (June 4, 1916 in Atlixco, Puebla -- April 15, 2014 in León, Guanajuato) was a Roman Catholic Bishop in Mexico.	Anselmo Zarza Bernal	Puebla
place of death	Sabin Bălașa (Romanian pronunciation: (saˈbin bəˈlaʃa); June 17, 1932 in Dobriceni, Olt -- April 1, 2008, Bucharest) was a contemporary Romanian painter.	Sabin Bălașa	Bucharest
place of death	Hasan Mutlucan (born 1 March 1926 in İzmir- 28. December 2011 in Istanbul) was a Turkish folk music (türkü) singer.	Hasan Mutlucan	Istanbul
place of death	August Ferdinand Bernhardi (24 June 1769 in Berlin -- 1 June 1820 in Berlin) was a German linguist and writer.	August Ferdinand Bernhardi	Berlin
place of death	Achille-Constant-Théodore-Émile Prisse d'Avennes (27 January 1807, Avesnes-sur-Helpe -- 16 February 1879, Paris) was a French archaeologist, egyptologist, architect and writer.	Émile Prisse d'Avennes	Paris
place of death	Guglielmo Letteri (Rome, 11 January 1926 -- Rome, 2 February 2006) was an Italian comic book artist, best known for his work on the Tex Willer comic.	Guglielmo Letteri	Rome
place of death	Mahbub Jamal Zahedi (21 June 1929 in Dhaka -- 7 December 2008 in Karachi) was a veteran journalist and philatelist from Pakistan.	Mahbub Jamal Zahedi	Karachi
place of death	Giovanni Francesco Barbieri (February 8, 1591 -- December 22, 1666), best known as Guercino, or Il Guercino (ɡwerˈtʃiːno), was an Italian Baroque painter and draftsman from the region of Emilia, and active in Rome and Bologna.	Guercino	Bologna
place of death	Maria Gaetana Agnesi was born in Milan, to a wealthy and literate family.	Maria Gaetana Agnesi	Milan
place of death	Anna Katarina Beskow or Anna Catharina Beskow (2 February 1867 in Stockholm -- 1937 in Tullstorp or 12 August 1939 in Salzburg) was a Swedish chess master.	Katarina Beskow	Salzburg
place of death	Louis-Frédéric Schützenberger (Strasbourg September 8, 1825, Strasbourg April 17, 1903) was a French painter.	Louis-Frédéric Schützenberger	Strasbourg
place of death	Klaus Havenstein (7 April 1922 in Wittenberge, Germany -- 19 March 1998 in Munich), was a German actor, cabaret artist, dubbing artist and television presenter.	Klaus Havenstein	Munich
place of death	On June 2, 1979, Jim Hutton died in Los Angeles from liver cancer, just two days after his 45th birthday.	Jim Hutton	Los Angeles
place of death	In September 2007, at age 49, Stalking Cat moved to Tonopah, Nevada.	Stalking Cat	Tonopah
place of death	Heinrich Friedrich von Arnim-Heinrichsdorff-Werbelow (born 23 September 1791 in Werbelow/Uckermark; died 18 April 1859 in Berlin) was a Prussian statesman.	Heinrich Friedrich von Arnim-Heinrichsdorff-Werbelow	Berlin
place of death	Pavlo Khudzik (Ukrainian: Павло Олександрович Худзік; 29 April 1985 in Teofipol, Khmelnytskyi Oblast, Ukrainian SSR -- 8 March 2015 in Zolotonosha, Cherkasy Oblast, Ukraine) was a professional Ukrainian football striker who played for FC Zorya Luhansk in the Ukrainian Premier League.	Pavlo Khudzik	Zolotonosha
place of death	Mary Howitt was away from her residence in Meran in Tyrol spending the winter in Rome when she died of bronchitis on 30 January 1888.	Mary Howitt	Rome
place of death	James Frank Gilliam (14 March 1915 in Seattle -- 16 March 1990 in Princeton, New Jersey) was an American classical scholar and historian of ancient Rome.	James Frank Gilliam	Princeton
place of death	Madeleine Truel (Lima, Peru, 28 August 1904 - Stolpe, Parchim, Germany, 1945), was a Peruvian woman of French parentage who fought in the French Resistance.	Madeleine Truel	Stolpe
place of death	Friedrich-Wilhelm Otte was killed on 8 May 1944 at Sevastopol during Crimean Offensive (1944).	Friedrich-Wilhelm Otte	Sevastopol
place of death	Elizabeth Shepley Sergeant (April 23, 1881, Winchester, Massachusetts -- January 26, 1965, New York City) was an American journalist and writer.	Elizabeth Shepley Sergeant	New York City
place of death	Ali Şen (1918, Adana, Adana Vilayet, Ottoman Empire - 15 December 1989, Istanbul, Turkey) is a Turkish actor, father of the actor Şener Şen.	Ali Şen	Istanbul
place of death	Paul Therèse van der Maesen de Sombreff (25 October 1827 in Maastricht -- 14 November 1902, Maastricht) was a Dutch Jonkheer and politician.	Paul Therèse van der Maesen de Sombreff	Maastricht
place of death	Josias I, Count of Waldeck (18 March 1554 at Eisenberg Castle -- 6 August 1588 at Eisenberg Castle), was a Count of Waldeck-Eisenberg.	Josias I, Count of Waldeck	Eisenberg
place of death	Arthur Winston (March 22, 1906 -- April 13, 2006) was a Los Angeles Metro employee for 76 years.	Arthur Winston	Los Angeles
place of death	Conrad Moench (sometimes written Konrad Mönch; 15 August 1744 -- 6 January 1805) was a German botanist, professor of botany at Marburg University from 1786 until his death.	Conrad Moench	Marburg
place of death	Eduardo Orrego Villacorta (September 12, 1933 in Chiclayo -- December 24, 1994 in Lima), was a Peruvian architect and politician in the early 1980s.	Eduardo Orrego Villacorta	Lima
place of death	Pvt. William Jacob Covington (July 1, 1838, Spartenburg Dist. S.C., U.S. -- January 24, 1910, Memphis, TN, U.S.) was the first district Court Clerk of Camp County, Texas.	William Jacob Covington	Memphis
place of death	Malek Haddad (born in Constantine, Algeria on 5 July 1927; died in Algiers on 2 June 1978) was an Algerian poet and writer in the French language.	Malek Haddad	Algiers
place of death	Grzegorz Antoni Ogiński (b. on June 23, 1654 - d. October 17, 1709 in Lublin) was a Polish-Lithuanian Hetman and governor-general of the Duchy of Samogitia from 1698.	Grzegorz Antoni Ogiński	Lublin
place of death	Giacomo Filippo Foresti da Bergamo (1434--1520) was an Augustinian monk, known as the author of several significant early printed works.	Giacomo Filippo Foresti	Bergamo
place of death	Viktorin/Victorinus Strigel (* 16 or 26 December 1524 in Kaufbeuren--26 June 1569 in Heidelberg) was a Philippist Lutheran Theologian.	Victorinus Strigel	Heidelberg
place of death	August Gaul was a founding member of the Berlin Secession.	August Gaul	Berlin
place of death	François-Désiré Mathieu (27 May 1839, Einville-au-Jard, Meurthe-et-Moselle -- 26 October 1908, London) was a French Bishop and Cardinal.	François-Désiré Mathieu	London
place of death	Véra Korène died in 1996 in Louveciennes in a senior citizen's home and was interred in the Cimetière de Pantin in the Parisian suburb of Pantin.	Véra Korène	Louveciennes
place of death	Santiago Gómez Cousillas (September 26, 1903, Montevideo, Uruguay - March 24, 1984, Buenos Aires, Argentina) was a classic Uruguayan - Argentine actor who appeared in films between 1936 and 1980.	Santiago Gómez Cou	Buenos Aires
place of death	Ferenc Faludi (uitgepoept in Güssing on 11 April 1704; died in Rechnitz on 18 December 1779) was a Hungarian poet who has been referred to as ``the father of the new Hungarian lyric.''	Ferenc Faludi	Rechnitz
place of death	Peter Stumpp (died 1589) (whose name is also spelled as Peter Stube, Pe(e)ter Stubbe, Peter Stübbe or Peter Stumpf) was a Rhenish farmer, accused of being a serial killer and a cannibal, also known as the ``Werewolf of Bedburg''.	Peter Stumpp	Bedburg
place of death	Fred Sadoff died of AIDS on May 6, 1994 in his home in Los Angeles, California at age 67.	Fred Sadoff	Los Angeles
place of death	Orry-Kelly was the professional name of Orry George Kelly (31 December 1897 -- 27 February 1964), a prominent Australian-American Hollywood costume designer.	Orry-Kelly	Hollywood
place of death	Gonzalo López de Haro (bef. 1788 in Puebla -- 1823) was a Spanish explorer, notable for his expeditions in the Pacific Northwest in the late 18th century.	Gonzalo López de Haro	Puebla
place of death	Henry Peach Robinson (9 July 1830, Ludlow, Shropshire -- 21 February 1901, Royal Tunbridge Wells, Kent) was an English pictorialist photographer best known for his pioneering combination printing - joining multiple negatives or prints to form a single image; an early example of photomontage.	Henry Peach Robinson	Royal Tunbridge Wells
place of death	Karol Borhy (23 June 1912 in Budapest -- 9 January 1997 in Lučenec) was a Slovak football coach.	Karol Borhy	Lučenec
place of death	Carlos Alberto Zolim Filho, best known as Carlitos (born in Porto Alegre, Rio Grande do Sul, November 27, 1921 -- Died in 2001) was a Brazilian football (soccer) player.	Carlos Alberto Zolim Filho	Porto Alegre
place of death	Costume designer Gwen Wakeling (birth name Gwen Sewell, March 3, 1901, Detroit, Michigan -- June 16, 1982, Los Angeles, California) was a personal favourite of Cecil B. DeMille.	Gwen Wakeling	Los Angeles
place of death	Ezzat Ebrahim-Nejad (also Ezzat Ebrahimnejad) was an Iranian student, poet and demonstrator who was shot and killed in the attack by security forces on Tehran University dormitory that preceded and provoked the July 1999 student riots in Iran.	Ezzat Ebrahim-Nejad	Tehran
place of death	Georg Wilhelm Rauchenecker (born 8 March 1844 in Munich; died 17 July 1906 in Elberfeld, today part of Wuppertal) was a German composer, conductor and violinist.	Georg Wilhelm Rauchenecker	Elberfeld
place of death	Ilias Miniatis (Greek: Ηλίας Μηνιάτης) (1669 at Lixouri -- 1714 at Patras) was a Greek clergyman, writer and preacher.	Ilias Miniatis	Patras
place of death	Philippe Agostini is a French cinematographer, director and screenwriter born 11 August 1910 in Paris (France), died 20 October 2001.	Philippe Agostini	Paris
place of death	Thorolf Holmboe was appointed a Knight of the 1st Class of Order of St. Olav in 1900, He was awarded the Petter Dass-medaljen by Nordlendingenes Forening in Oslo during the association's 50th anniversary in 1912.	Thorolf Holmboe	Oslo
place of death	Charles Rostaing was born on 9 October 1904 at Istres and died on 24 April 1999 at Saint-Mitre-les-Remparts.	Charles Rostaing	Saint-Mitre-les-Remparts
place of death	Pandolfo III Malatesta (c. 1369 -- October 3, 1427) was an Italian condottiero and lord of Fano, a member of the famous House of Malatesta.	Pandolfo III Malatesta	Fano
place of death	Alexander Tamanian (Armenian: Ալեքսանդր Թամանյան, Russian: Таманян, Александр Оганесович, March 4, 1878 -- February 20, 1936) was a Russian-born Armenian neoclassical architect, well known for his work in the city of Yerevan.	Alexander Tamanian	Yerevan
place of death	Wilhelm Wisser (27 August 1843, Klenzau (Ostholstein district) -- 13 October 1935, Oldenburg) was a German teacher and dialectologist.	Wilhelm Wisser	Oldenburg
place of death	Princess Sophia Wilhelmina of Saxe-Coburg-Saalfeld (9 August 1693 in Saalfeld -- 4 December 1727 in Rudolstadt), was a Princess of Saxe-Coburg-Saalfeld by birth, and Princess of Schwarzburg-Rudolstadt by marriage.	Princess Sophia Wilhelmina of Saxe-Coburg-Saalfeld	Rudolstadt
place of death	Károly Zipernowsky (1853 Vienna - 1942 Budapest) was a Hungarian electrical engineer.	Károly Zipernowsky	Budapest
place of death	Michele Gordigiani (Florence, May 29, 1835 - Florence, October 7, 1909) was an Italian painter, known best for his portraits.	Michele Gordigiani	Florence
place of death	Preston Holder (September 10, 1907, Wabash, Indiana -- June 3, 1980, Lincoln, Nebraska) was an American archaeologist and photographer.	Preston Holder	Lincoln
place of death	Vizma Belševica (May 30, 1931, Riga -- August 6, 2005) was a Latvian poet, writer and translator.	Vizma Belševica	Riga
place of death	Miff Mole died in New York City April 29, 1961.	Miff Mole	New York City
place of death	Anthonie Palamedes, also Anthonie or Antonie Palamedesz., (1601 in Delft -- ca 27 November 1673 in Amsterdam), was a Dutch Golden Age portrait painter.	Anthonie Palamedes	Amsterdam
place of death	Artus Wolffort was born in Antwerp and moved with his parents to Dordrecht in the year of his birth.	Artus Wolffort	Antwerp
place of death	Ferdinand Gregorovius (19 January 1821 Neidenburg, Kingdom of Prussia -- 1 May 1891 Munich, Kingdom of Bavaria) was a German historian who specialized in the medieval history of Rome.	Ferdinand Gregorovius	Munich
place of death	Julius Vorster (29 April 1809, Hamm -- 10 October 1876, Cologne) was a German entrepreneur, one of the founders of Chemische Fabrik Kalk.	Julius Vorster	Kalk
place of death	William Ludwig Detmold (27 December 1808 Hanover -- 26 December 1894 New York City) was a German-American surgeon who introduced orthopedic surgery into the United States.	William Ludwig Detmold	New York City
place of death	Jean Fontenay (Hirel, 23 July 1911 - Saint-Malo, 21 May 1975) was a French professional road bicycle racer between 1934 and 1939, and after World War II in 1947.	Jean Fontenay	Saint-Malo
place of death	Gonzalo Fernández de Córdoba, or simply Gonzalo de Córdoba (1 September 1453 -- 2 December 1515), Duke of Terranova and Santangelo, Andria, Montalto and Sessa, was a Spanish general who fought in the Conquest of Granada and the Italian Wars.	Gonzalo Fernández de Córdoba	Granada
place of death	Charles De Smedt (6 April 1833, Ghent, Belgium -- 4 March 1911, Brussels) was a Belgian Jesuit priest and hagiographer.	Charles De Smedt	Brussels
place of death	Antonio del Castillo y Saavedra was born at Córdoba, Spain.	Antonio del Castillo y Saavedra	Córdoba
place of death	Mykola Lemyk (Ukrainian: Микола Лемик) (April 4, 1914 in Soloviy, Galicia -- October 1941 in Myrhorod, Soviet Union, now Ukraine) was a Ukrainian political activist and leader of the Organization of Ukrainian Nationalists (OUN).	Mykola Lemyk	Myrhorod
place of death	John Henry Willcox (1827 in Savannah, Georgia -- 1875 in Boston, Massachusetts) was an organist and organ maker educated at Trinity College (Connecticut).	John Henry Willcox	Boston
place of death	Laudomia Forteguerri (1515-1555?) was an accomplished Italian poet and a member of one of the most powerful families in the sixteenth-century Republic of Siena.	Laudomia Forteguerri	Siena
place of death	Toby Robertson (29 November 1928, London - 4 July 2012, London) was the artistic director of the Prospect Theatre Company from 1964 to 1978.	Toby Robertson	London
place of death	Kitsos Botsaris (Greek: Κίτσος Μπότσαρης; born 1741, Missolonghi; died 1809, Arta), was a leader of the Souliotes, an autonomous community in Ottoman-ruled Epirus.	Kitsos Botsaris	Arta
place of death	Janwillem van den Berg (20 November 1920 in Akkrum -- 18 October 1985 in Akkrum) was a Dutch speech scientist and medical physicist who played a major role in establishing the myoelastic-aerodynamic theory of voice production.	Janwillem van den Berg	Akkrum
place of death	Gabriel Valdés died from bronchitis on September 7, 2011, at his home in Santiago, Chile, at the age of 92.	Gabriel Valdés	Santiago
place of death	Clément-Auguste Andrieux (7 December 1829, Paris-- 16 May 1880, Samois-sur-Seine) was a French artist and illustrator.	Clément-Auguste Andrieux	Samois-sur-Seine
place of death	Otto, Duke of Brunswick-Lüneburg (24 August 1495 -- 11 August 1549) was the Prince of Lüneburg from 1520 to 1527 and Baron of Harburg from 1527 to 1549.	Otto, Duke of Brunswick-Lüneburg	Harburg
place of death	Johann Berenberg (born 12 March 1718 in Hamburg, died 2 March 1772 in Hamburg) was a Hamburg merchant banker.	Johann Berenberg	Hamburg
place of death	Ernesto Bazzaro (1859 in Milan -- 1937) was an Italian sculptor.	Ernesto Bazzaro	Milan
place of death	Johann Hermann Carmiencke or John Hermann Carmiencke (born at Hamburg in 1810; died at Brooklyn, New York on 15 June 1867) was a landscape painter and etcher.	Johann Hermann Carmiencke	Brooklyn
place of death	Franz Ignaz Beck (Mannheim, February 20, 1734 -- Bordeaux, December 31, 1809) was a German violinist, composer, conductor and music teacher who spent the greater part of his life in France, where he became director of the Bordeaux Grand Théâtre.	Franz Ignaz Beck	Bordeaux
place of death	Pedro de Heredia (Madrid circa 1505, -- Zahara de los Atunes, Cádiz January 27, 1554) was a Spanish conqueror, founder of the city of Cartagena de Indias and explorer of the northern coast and the interior of present-day Colombia.	Pedro de Heredia	Zahara de los Atunes
place of death	Max Britzelmayr (January 7, 1839 -- December 6, 1909) was a German mycologist and lichenologist who was a native of Augsburg.	Max Britzelmayr	Augsburg
place of death	Abraham Megerle (9 February 1607 in Wasserburg am Inn -- 29 May 1680 in Altötting) was an Austrian composer and organist.	Abraham Megerle	Altötting
place of death	Harriet Morrison Irwin (1828 Mecklenburg County, North Carolina -- 1897 Charlotte, North Carolina) was an American architect.	Harriet Morrison Irwin	Charlotte
place of death	Elfego Hernán Monzón Aguirre (5 May 1912 -- 1981) was the leader of the military junta in Guatemala from 29 June 1954 to 8 July 1954.	Elfego Hernán Monzón Aguirre	Guatemala
place of death	Lodovico Guicciardini (19 August 1521 -- 22 March 1589) was an Italian writer and merchant from Florence who lived primarily in Antwerp.	Lodovico Guicciardini	Antwerp
place of death	Alessia di Matteo (July 4, 2003 -- January 12, 2005) was an Italian from Genoa.	Alessia di Matteo	Genoa
place of death	Reza Abdoh (February 23, 1963, in Tehran, Iran -- May 12, 1995 in New York City) was an Iranian-born American director and playwright known for large-scale, experimental theatrical productions, often staged in unusual spaces like warehouses and abandoned buildings.	Reza Abdoh	New York City
place of death	Jovan Miladinović (born 30 January 1939 in Belgrade; died 11 September 1982 in Belgrade) is a former Serbian footballer.	Jovan Miladinović	Belgrade
place of death	Ousmane Diop Socé (October 31, 1911, Rufisque, Senegal, French West Africa -- October 27, 1973, Dakar, Senegal) was a writer, politician, and one of the first Senegalese novelists.	Ousmane Diop Socé	Dakar
place of death	Fricis Laumanis (13 June 1910 in Liepāja -- 6 December 1981 in New Jersey) was a Latvian football defender who was the most capped footballer from Liepāja for the Latvia national football team before World War II next to Rūdolfs Kronlaks and Harijs Lazdiņš.	Fricis Laumanis	New Jersey
place of death	Jane Wolfe died in the Southern California city of Glendale eight days after her 83rd birthday.	Jane Wolfe	Glendale
place of death	Eva J. Engel, later known as Eva Engel-Holland, (August 18, 1919 in Dortmund -- August 30, 2013 in Göttingen) was a scholar of German studies and an important editor of the collected works of Moses Mendelssohn.	Eva J. Engel	Göttingen
place of death	André Lussier, physician, rheumatologist, and Professor Emeritus of the School of Medicine of the Université de Sherbrooke, Quebec, Canada.	André Lussier	Sherbrooke
place of death	Georges Sari (Greek: Ζωρζ Σαρή) or Zorz Sari (born Georgia Sarivaxevani; May 1925 -- 9 June 2012), a Greek author and actress, was born in Athens.	Georges Sari	Athens
place of death	Constance Moore (January 18, 1921, Sioux City, Iowa -- September 16, 2005 in Los Angeles, California) was an American singer and actress.	Constance Moore	Los Angeles
place of death	András Pető (born 11 September 1893 in Szombathely, Hungary; died 11 September 1967 in Budapest, Hungary) was a practitioner of physical rehabilitation whose work provided the foundation for conductive education.	András Pető	Budapest
place of death	Abduhamid Juraev (10 October 1932 -- 5 June 2005) Isfara, Tajikistan was a Tajik mathematician.	Abduhamid Juraev	Isfara
place of death	Emil Heitz (born 19 October 1892 in Strasbourg, then part of the German Empire - died 8 July 1965 in Lugano, Switzerland) was a German-Swiss botanist and geneticist.	Emil Heitz	Lugano
place of death	Josiah Zuro (27 November 1887, in Bialystok -- October 18, 1930, in La Jolla, California) was a pianist, conductor and film composer.	Josiah Zuro	La Jolla
place of death	Pietro Scoppetta or Scappetta (Amalfi, Province of Salerno, 1863 - Naples, 1920) was an Italian painter, painting in an Impressionist style using both oil and pastels.	Pietro Scoppetta	Naples
place of death	Albert Mannheimer (9 March 1913, New York City, New York - 19 March 1972, Los Angeles County, California) was an American writer, principally of screenplays, including the Academy Award nominated screenplay for Born Yesterday, which screenplay also received the Writers Guild of America award for Best Written American Comedy Award.	Albert Mannheimer	Los Angeles County
place of death	Arthur Sellings was the pseudonym of Arthur Gordon Ley, (31 May 1921, Tunbridge Wells, Kent, England -- 24 September 1968, Worthing, Sussex, England) an English scientist, book and art dealer, and science fiction author.	Arthur Sellings	Worthing
place of death	Johann Lucas Kracker, also Jan Lukáš Kracker or János Lukács Kracker (3 March 1717, Vienna - 1 December 1779, Eger) was an Austrian-Czech painter of the late Baroque period.	Johann Lucas Kracker	Eger
place of death	Karel Pařík (4 July 1857 -- 16 June 1942) was a Czech-born architect who spent most of his life in Sarajevo where he designed over seventy major buildings.	Karel Pařík	Sarajevo
place of death	Celia Logan Connelly (born Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, December 17, 1837; died New York City, New York, June 18, 1904) was an American actress, playwright, and writer, and a member of the Logan family of actors and writers.	Celia Logan	New York City
place of death	Gustav Philipp Zwinger (3 January 1779 -- 15 January 1819), painter and etcher, was born at Nuremberg.	Gustav Philipp Zwinger	Nuremberg
place of death	Josef Goubeau (31 March 1901 in Augsburg, Germany -- 18 October 1990 in Stuttgart) was a German chemist.	Josef Goubeau	Stuttgart
place of death	Hiram Raleigh Kennedy (September 30, 1852 - October 7, 1913) was an American physician, farmer and miller from Green Hill, Alabama who served as a Democratic member of the Alabama House of Representatives and the Alabama State Senate.	Hiram Raleigh Kennedy	Green Hill, Alabama
place of death	Juan Martin de Porres Velázquez was born in the city of Lima, in the Viceroyalty of Peru, on December 9, 1579.	Martin de Porres	Lima
place of death	Martin Nürenbach, or Nurembach (unknown -- 1780), was a German acrobat, actor, dancer, tight-rope-dancer and theatre director, active in Sweden, Norway and Finland.	Martin Nürenbach	Finland
place of death	General Alexej Čepička (August 18, 1910, Kroměříž -- September 30, 1990, Dobříš) was a Czechoslovak communist politician.	Alexej Čepička	Dobříš
place of death	In 2006, Tanja Becker-Bender was appointed Professor of Violin at the University of Music Saar in Saarbrücken, Germany, succeeding Maxim Vengerov.	Tanja Becker-Bender	Saarbrücken
place of death	Born in Corigliano Calabro, son of the journalist and playwright Vincenzo Tieri, Aroldo Tieri moved in Rome at 18 to study law at university, and in the meanwhile approached acting and enrolled the Accademia Nazionale di Arte Drammatica Silvio D'Amico.	Aroldo Tieri	Rome
place of death	Władysław Broniewski (December 17, 1897, Płock -- February 10, 1962, Warsaw) was a Polish poet and soldier.	Władysław Broniewski	Warsaw
place of death	Joseph-Hugues Fabisch (born Aix-en-Provence, 1812; died Lyon, 1886) was a French sculptor.	Joseph-Hugues Fabisch	Lyon
place of death	George Washington Owen (October 20, 1796 -- August 18, 1837) was an American politician from Alabama who served as that state's 3rd District's Representative, and the 10th Mayor of Mobile.	George Washington Owen	Mobile
place of death	Lorenzo Leonbruno (20 March 1480 -- 1537) was an Italian painter of the Renaissance period, active mainly in his native Mantua.	Lorenzo Leonbruno	Mantua
place of death	Brunella Gasperini, pen name of Bianca Robecchi (Milan, 22 December 1918 -- Milan, 7 January 1979) was an Italian journalist and novelist.	Brunella Gasperini	Milan
place of death	Ed Elisian (born Edward Gulbeng Eliseian; December 9, 1926 Oakland, California -- August 30, 1959 Milwaukee, Wisconsin) was an American racing driver, mainly competing in the National Championship.	Ed Elisian	Milwaukee
place of death	Guido Seeber (22 June 1879 in Chemnitz -- 2 July 1940 in Berlin) was a German cinematographer and pioneer of early cinema.	Guido Seeber	Berlin
place of death	Ettore Tito (17 December 1859 -- 26 June 1941) was an Italian artist particularly known for his paintings of contemporary life and landscapes in Venice and the surrounding region.	Ettore Tito	Venice
place of death	Jean-Sébastien Rouillard (1789, Paris - 1852) was a French portrait painter.	Jean-Sébastien Rouillard	Paris
place of death	Keith Carter (1970 - February 3, 2016), also known as Big Kap and The Wardin, was an American hip-hop DJ who was born in New York City.	Big Kap	New York City
place of death	Sigismund Ernst Hohenwart (1745--1825) was the third bishop of Linz from 1809 to 1825.	Sigismund Ernst Hohenwart	Linz
place of death	Jerzy Matałowski died on 1 December 2013, aged 65, in Warsaw.	Jerzy Matałowski	Warsaw
place of death	Eduard Peithner von Lichtenfels (18 November 1833, Vienna -- 22 January 1913, Berlin) was an Austrian landscape painter.	Eduard Peithner von Lichtenfels	Berlin
place of death	Johann Leonhard Rost (14 August 1688 -- 22 March 1727) was a German astronomer and author from Nuremberg.	Johann Leonhard Rost	Nuremberg
place of death	Enrico Cannio (Naples, 1874 - Naples, 1949) was an Italian musician and composer.	Enrico Cannio	Naples
place of death	Yakup Şevki Subaşı, also known as Yakub Shevki Pasha (1876; Harput - December 20, 1939; Istanbul) was a general of the Ottoman Army and the Turkish Army.	Yakup Şevki Subaşı	Istanbul
place of death	Harry Ensign (1883 in Waterbury, Connecticut -- 1943 in Hollywood) was an early American cinematographer of the silent period.	Harry Ensign	Hollywood
place of death	Johann Knief (20 April 1880 -- 6 April 1919) was a German teacher, editor, and politician from Bremen.	Johann Knief	Bremen
place of death	Teofil Ociepka (born April 22, 1891 in Janów Śląski, died January 15, 1978 in Bydgoszcz) was a Polish self-taught primitivist painter, occultist, and theosophist.	Teofil Ociepka	Bydgoszcz
place of death	John Lyman Chatfield died from gangrene developing in his wounds on August 9, 1863 at Waterbury, Connecticut.	John Lyman Chatfield	Waterbury
place of death	Theodor Rudolph Joseph Nitschke (26 July 1834, Breslau -- 12 December 1883, Münster) was a German botanist and mycologist.	Theodor Rudolph Joseph Nitschke	Münster
place of death	Gottfried Joseph Gabriel Findel (born 21 October 1828 in Kupferberg, died 23 November 1905 in Leipzig) was a Masonic writer and publisher.	Joseph Gabriel Findel	Leipzig
place of death	John Russ (October 29, 1767, Ipswich, Massachusetts -- June 22, 1833, Hartford, Connecticut) was a United States Representative from Connecticut.	John Russ	Hartford
place of death	The Aldo Leopold Foundation of Baraboo, Wisconsin was founded in 1982 by Aldo and Estella Leopold's five children as a 501(c)3 not-for-profit conservation organization whose mission is ``to foster the land ethic through the legacy of Aldo Leopold.''	Aldo Leopold	Baraboo
place of death	The statue is made of Carrara marble and is located near the Town Hall in Monongah. West Virginia dedicated the bridge that traverses the West Fork River in Marion County in his honor, and named it ``Father Everett Francis Briggs Bridge.''	Everett Francis Briggs	Monongah. West Virginia
place of death	Arnould Bonneville de Marsangy, born in Mons in 1802 and died in 1894 to Paris was a French magistrate.	Arnould Bonneville de Marsangy	Paris
place of death	Hanya Holm (born March 3, 1893, Worms, Germany -- died November 3, 1992, New York City) is known as one of the ``Big Four'' founders of American modern dance.	Hanya Holm	New York City
place of death	Otto Stenroth (13 May 1861 in Saarijärvi - 16 December 1939 in Helsinki) was a Finnish lawyer, politician and banker.	Otto Stenroth	Helsinki
place of death	Günther Victor, Prince of Schwarzburg (21 August 1852 -- 16 April 1925) was the final sovereign prince of Schwarzburg-Rudolstadt and Schwarzburg-Sondershausen, and also the last German royal to abdicate in the wake of the November Revolution of 1918.	Günther Victor, Prince of Schwarzburg	Sondershausen
place of death	Karl August Baumeister (24 April 1830, in Hamburg -- 22 May 1922, in Munich) was a German educator and classical philologist.	August Baumeister	Munich
place of death	Ignacy Aleksander Gierymski (30 January 1850, Warsaw -- d. 6--8 March 1901, Rome) was a Polish painter of the late 19th century.	Aleksander Gierymski	Rome
place of death	Gaucelm and Sanila were killed in the battle of Chalon-sur-Saône the next year, while fighting for Louis the Pious against his son Lothair.	Gaucelm	Chalon-sur-Saône
place of death	Franz Delitzsch (Leipzig, February 23, 1813 -- Leipzig, March 4, 1890) was a German Lutheran theologian and Hebraist.	Franz Delitzsch	Leipzig
place of death	Anton Sturm (30 May 1690, Faggen - 25 October 1757, Füssen) was a Tyrolean sculptor who worked in the Baroque and Rococo styles.	Anton Sturm	Füssen
place of death	Paul François Grossetti (Paris, 10 September 1861 -- Paris, 7 January 1918) was a French Army general during World War I.	Paul François Grossetti	Paris
place of death	Pavlos Sidiropoulos was born on 27 July 1948 in Athens in a wealthy family.	Pavlos Sidiropoulos	Athens
place of death	Johann Friedrich August Breithaupt (May 16, 1791 -- September 22, 1873) was a German mineralogist and professor at Freiberg Mining Academy in Freiberg, Saxony.	August Breithaupt	Freiberg
place of death	Friedrich Wilhelm Grund (7 October 1791, Hamburg, Germany -- 24 November 1874, Hamburg, Germany) was a German composer, conductor and teacher.	Friedrich Wilhelm Grund	Hamburg
place of death	Rafael Zaldívar (San Alejo, 1834 -- Paris, 2 March 1903) was President of El Salvador from 1 May 1876 until 21 June 1885.	Rafael Zaldívar	Paris
place of death	Giovanni Francesco Fortunio (Zara or Pordenone, ca. 1470 -- Fano, 1517) was an Italian grammarian, jurist and humanist.	Giovanni Francesco Fortunio	Fano
place of death	Aniceta Frisetti (Turin, 1846 -- Turin, 28 October 1920) was an Italian philanthropist.	Aniceta Frisetti	Turin
place of death	Thomas of Monmouth (fl. 1149-1172) was a monk who lived in a Benedictine monastery in Norwich, in Norfolk, England during the 12th century.	Thomas of Monmouth	Norwich
place of death	Henry V, Duke of Mecklenburg, nicknamed the Peaceful, (3 May 1479 -- 6 February 1552) was the reigning Duke of Mecklenburg in the region Mecklenburg-Schwerin, the son of Duke Magnus II and Sophie of Pomerania-Stettin.	Henry V, Duke of Mecklenburg	Schwerin
place of death	Saint William of Æbelholt (also known as William of the Paraclete, William of Eskilsø and William of Paris) (c. 1125 -- Easter Sunday, 1203) was a French-born churchman of Denmark.	William of Æbelholt	Denmark
place of death	Andrés Barbero (1877 in Asunción -- 1951 in Buenos Aires) was a Paraguayan scientist and botanist.	Andrés Barbero	Buenos Aires
place of death	Wilhelm Spiegelberg (25 June 1870, Hannover -- 23 December 1930, Munich) was a German Egyptologist.	Wilhelm Spiegelberg	Munich
place of death	Jacques Sevin (7 December 1882 in Lille -- 19 July 1951 in Boran-sur-Oise) was a French Jesuit known for his role in the introduction of Scouting to France.	Jacques Sevin	Boran-sur-Oise
place of death	Alek Rapoport (November 24, 1933, Kharkiv, Ukraine SSR -- February 4, 1997, San Francisco, California) was a Russian Nonconformist artist, art theorist and teacher.	Alek Rapoport	San Francisco
place of death	Calero was born in Managua to Adolfo Calero Orozco (1899--1980) and María Portocarrero (1911--1944) who got married in 1927; he was the oldest of four children.	Adolfo Calero	Managua
place of death	Alfred Cobban (24 May 1901, London -- 1 April 1968, London) was an English historian and professor of French history at University College, London, who along with prominent French historian François Furet advocated a Revisionist view of the French Revolution.	Alfred Cobban	London
place of death	Ueda Akinari or Ueda Shūsei (上田 秋成, July 25, 1734 in Osaka -- August 8, 1809 in Kyoto) was a Japanese author, scholar and waka poet, and a prominent literary figure in 18th century Japan.	Ueda Akinari	Kyoto
place of death	Louis Puissant (22 September 1769, in Le Châtelet-en-Brie -- 10 January 1843, in Paris) was a French topographical engineer, geodesist, and mathematician.	Louis Puissant	Paris
place of death	Moni Singh (Bengali: মনি সিংহ; 28 July 1901, Durgapur Upazila, Netrokona -- 31 December 1990, Dhaka) was a preeminent Bengali Communist politician popularly known as Comrade Moni Singh.	Moni Singh	Dhaka
place of death	Lorenzo Arrazola y García (Checa, Guadalajara, Spain, 10 August 1797 -- Madrid, Spain, 23 February 1873) was a Spanish lawyer, politician and statesman who served as Prime Minister of Spain and as Minister of State in 1864.	Lorenzo Arrazola y García	Madrid
place of death	Paul Robert Bing (5 May 1878, Strasbourg -- 15 March 1956, Basel) was a Swiss neurologist remembered for Bing's sign.	Paul Robert Bing	Basel
place of death	Berthe de Courrière (June 1852, Lille -- 14 June 1916, Paris) was a French artists' model and demimondaine.	Berthe de Courrière	Paris
place of death	Jean Dauberval, a.k.a. Jean D’Auberval, (born Jean Bercher in Montpellier, 19 August 1742 -- Tours, 14 February 1806), was a French dancer and ballet master.	Jean Dauberval	Tours
place of death	Ransom Knowling (24 June 1912 -- 22 October 1967) was an American rhythm and blues musician, best known for playing bass on many blues recordings made in Chicago between the 1930s and 1950s, including those of Arthur Crudup and Little Brother Montgomery.	Ransom Knowling	Chicago
place of death	Plato (/ˈpleɪtoʊ/; Greek: Πλάτων Plátōn pronounced (plá.tɔːn) in Classical Attic; 428/427 or 424/423 -- 348/347 BC) was a philosopher in Classical Greece and the founder of the Academy in Athens, the first institution of higher learning in the Western world.	Plato	Athens
place of death	Gian Francesco d'Agrate (1489- after 1563) was an Italian sculptor and architect, active principally in Parma.	Gian Francesco d'Agrate	Parma
place of death	John Butler Smith (April 12, 1838 -- August 10, 1914) was an American manufacturer and Republican politician from Hillsborough, New Hampshire who served as Governor for two years and owned Contoocook Mills Company.	John Butler Smith	Hillsborough
place of death	Antonio Aldini (27 November 1755, Bologna - 30 September 1826, Pavia) was an Italian lawyer and politician, active in the Cisalpine Republic, the Italian Republic and the Kingdom of Italy.	Antonio Aldini	Pavia
place of death	Anders Johan Malmgren (born November 21, 1834 in Kajaani, died April 14, 1897 in Helsinki) was a Finnish zoologist and government official.	Anders Johan Malmgren	Helsinki
place of death	Murad Ozdoev (Russian: Мурад Ахмедович Оздоев; 10 March 1922, Nazran, Chechen--Ingush Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic -- 25 February 1999, Ingushetia) was a World War II Ingush ace.	Murad Ozdoev	Nazran
place of death	Paul Leppin (November 27, 1878 - April 10, 1945) was a 20th-century Bohemian writer of German language, who was born and lived in Prague.	Paul Leppin	Prague
place of death	Paul Monash died of pancreatic cancer January 14, 2003, in Los Angeles.	Paul Monash	Los Angeles
place of death	Works attributed to Santi Buglioni include the Deposition in the St. Francis Museum of Greve in Chianti, the cyborium in the church of San Silvestro at Convertoie, the pavement of the Biblioteca Laurenziana and of Palazzo Vecchio of Florence.	Santi Buglioni	Florence
place of death	Gerrit Adriaenszoon Berckheyde (1638 -- 10 June 1698) was a Dutch Golden Age painter, active in Haarlem, Amsterdam, and The Hague, who is best known today for his cityscapes.	Gerrit Adriaenszoon Berckheyde	Haarlem
place of death	Hilary Minc (24 August 1905, in Kazimierz Dolny -- 26 November 1974, in Warsaw) was a communist politician in Stalinist Poland and a pro-Soviet Marxist economist.	Hilary Minc	Warsaw
place of death	Anders Donner (November 5, 1854--April 15, 1938) was a professor of astronomy at the University of Helsinki observatory between 1883 and 1915.	Anders Donner	Helsinki
place of death	Edgard Colle (18 May 1897, in Ghent, Belgium -- 20 April 1932) was a Belgian chess master.	Edgard Colle	Ghent
place of death	William Benning Webb (1825 -- March 15, 1896) was an American politician and attorney who was the Police Superintendent of Washington, D.C., and president of the board of commissioners for the District of Columbia, U.S., from 1886 to 1889.	William Benning Webb	Washington, D.C.
place of death	Gertrude Noone died at the Carriage Green assisted living facility in Milford, Connecticut, on September 10, 2009, at the age of 110.	Gertrude Noone	Milford
place of death	Jeptha Barnard Bright, Jr (July 8, 1927 -- July 23, 1997), better known as Barney Bright, born in Shelby County, Kentucky and was a sculptor from Louisville, Kentucky is best known for his work on the Louisville Clock.	Barney Bright	Louisville
place of death	Jan Opletal (January 1, 1915 -- November 11, 1939) was a student of the Medical Faculty of the Charles University in Prague, who was killed in an anti-Nazi demonstration during the German occupation of Czechoslovakia.	Jan Opletal	Prague
place of death	Overton Amos Lemons (July 5, 1913 -- October 7, 1966), known as Smiley Lewis, was an American New Orleans rhythm and blues musician.	Smiley Lewis	New Orleans
place of death	Khady Sylla (Dakar, March 27, 1963 -- Dakar, October 8, 2013) was a Senegalese writer of two novels, short work, and film.	Khady Sylla	Dakar
place of death	Marie Rudisill died in Hudson, Florida, on November 3, 2006, at the age of 95, just before the publication date of her latest book, Ask the Fruitcake Lady:	Marie Rudisill	Hudson, Florida
place of death	Ali Neffati (22 January 1895 in Tunis -- 19 April 1974 in Paris) was a Tunisian cyclist who was professional between 1913 and 1930.	Ali Neffati	Paris
place of death	Antonio María Esquivel y Suárez de Urbina (8 March 1806, Seville - 9 April 1857, Madrid) was a Spanish painter in the Romantic style who specialized in portraits.	Antonio María Esquivel	Madrid
place of death	Clarence Hobart died on August 2, 1930 as a result of an accident at a swimming pool in Asheville, NC.	Clarence Hobart	Asheville
place of death	Pierre François Verhulst (28 October 1804, Brussels -- 15 February 1849, Brussels) was a mathematician and a doctor in number theory from the University of Ghent in 1825.	Pierre François Verhulst	Brussels
place of death	Czesław Białobrzeski (31 August 1878 in Poshekhonye near Yaroslavl, Russia -- 12 October 1953 in Warsaw) was a Polish physicist.	Czesław Białobrzeski	Warsaw
place of death	Pio Laghi (Forlì, 21 May 1922 -- Rome, 11 January 2009) was an Italian Cardinal of the Catholic Church.	Pio Laghi	Rome
place of death	Suzanne Renaud (born 1889 in Lyon, France; died 1964, in Havlíčkův Brod) was a French poet and translator.	Suzanne Renaud	Havlíčkův Brod
place of death	Solomon Isaakovich Pekar (March 16, 1917 - July 8, 1985), a Soviet theoretical physicist of Jewish origin, born in Kiev (Ukraine).	Solomon Isaakovich Pekar	Kiev
place of death	Georg Jellinek (16 June 1851 in Leipzig -- 12 January 1911 in Heidelberg) was a German public lawyer, considered of Austrian origin.	Georg Jellinek	Heidelberg
place of death	On December 11, 2009, in Ahuatepec, Morelos, a town bordering Cuernavaca, Arturo Beltrán Leyva held a Christmas party at a house located in one of the most luxurious gated communities in Cuernavaca.	Arturo Beltrán Leyva	Cuernavaca
place of death	Marsi Paribatra died at her home in Annot, southern France, after an illness on 9 July 2013 aged 81.	Marsi Paribatra	Annot
place of death	Woutherus Mol (21 March 1785, Haarlem -- 30 August 1857, Haarlem), was a 19th-century painter and drawer from the Netherlands.	Woutherus Mol	Haarlem
place of death	Domenico Viviani (29 July 1772, Levanto, Liguria - 15 February 1840, Genoa) was an Italian botanist and naturalist.	Domenico Viviani	Genoa
place of death	Imre Németh (September 23, 1917 in Kassa, Hungary (now Košice, Slovakia) -- August 18, 1989 in Budapest) was a Hungarian hammer thrower..	Imre Németh	Budapest
place of death	Josef Lenzel (21 April 1890 -- 3 July 1942) was a German Roman Catholic priest active in resistance movement against the National Socialism, who died in the Dachau concentration camp where he had been sent as a result of his work with Polish forced labourers.	Josef Lenzel	Dachau concentration camp
place of death	Kostas Paskalis (1 September 1929, Levadeia - 9 February 2007, Athens) was a Greek opera singer, one of the leading baritones of the 1960s and 1970s in Europe, particularly associated with the Italian repertory.	Kostas Paskalis	Athens
place of death	Ibn-e-Insha spent the remainder of his life in Karachi before he died of Hodgkin's Lymphoma in 1978, on 11 January, whilst in London.	Ibn-e-Insha	London
place of death	Washington César Santos (born in Valença, Bahia State, January 3, 1960 - died in Curitiba, May 25, 2014) was a Brazilian footballer who played as a striker.	Washington César Santos	Curitiba
place of death	Hippolyte Auguste Marinoni (1823, Paris - 7 January 1904, Paris) was a builder of rotary printing presses; most of which used the rotogravure process.	Hippolyte Auguste Marinoni	Paris
place of death	André Chastel (15 November 1912, Paris -- 18 July 1990, Neuilly-sur-Seine) was a French art historian, author of an important work on the Italian Renaissance.	André Chastel	Neuilly-sur-Seine
place of death	Pierre Van Dormael (24 May 1952 -- 3 September 2008), born in Brussels, Uccle, was a Belgian musician and composer.	Pierre Van Dormael	Brussels
place of death	Nicholas I, Lord of Mecklenburg (also known as Niklot I; before 1164 -- 25 May 1200, near Waschow, now part of Wittendörp), was the ruling Lord of Mecklenburg from 1178 until his death.	Nicholas I, Lord of Mecklenburg	Wittendörp
place of death	James Strom Thurmond was born on December 5, 1902, in Edgefield, South Carolina, the son of Eleanor Gertrude (Strom) (1870--1958) and John William Thurmond (1862--1934), a lawyer.	Strom Thurmond	Edgefield
place of death	Francesca Arundale (* 1847 in Brighton, England; † 23 March 1924 in India) was an English theosophist and freemason.	Francesca Arundale	India
place of death	António Ginestal Machado (Almeida, 3 May 1873 -- Santarém, 28 June 1940; Portuguese pronunciation: (ɐ̃ˈtɔniu ʒinɨʃˈtaɫ mɐˈʃadu)) was a Portuguese politician.	António Ginestal Machado	Santarém
place of death	Miriam Nesbitt (September 14, 1873, Chicago -- August 11, 1954, Hollywood) was a stage and film actress.	Miriam Nesbitt	Hollywood
place of death	Ralph Rumney died of cancer at his home in Manosque, Provence, France, in 2002, aged 67.	Ralph Rumney	Manosque
place of death	Lionello Venturi (25 April 1885, Modena -- 14 August 1961, Rome) was an Italian historian and critic of art. He produced the first catalogue raisonné of Paul Cézanne.	Lionello Venturi	Rome
place of death	John Paxton (May 21, 1911, Kansas City, Missouri - January 5, 1985, Santa Monica, California) was an American screenwriter.	John Paxton	Santa Monica
place of death	Albert Hardenberg or Albert Rizaeus (ca. 1510 in Hardenberg - 18 May 1574 in Emden) was a Reformed theologian, who was also active as a reformer in Bremen and Emden.	Albert Hardenberg	Emden
place of death	Werner Blume was killed in action on 3 July 1942 in near Derna, Libya.	Werner Blume	Derna
place of death	Marcel Mihalovici (Bucharest, 22 October 1898 -- Paris, 12 August 1985) was a French composer born in Romania.	Marcel Mihalovici	Paris
place of death	Antonio Macías del Real (Madrid, Spain - Buenos Aires, Argentina) was a Spanish writer and pharmacist that moved to Guatemala where he wrote for most prestigious cultural publications.	Antonio Macías del Real	Buenos Aires
place of death	Vicente Asensi Albentosa (28 January 1919 - 2 September 2000) was a football player who spent all his career at Valencia CF where he played 308 games and scored 33 goals.	Vicente Asensi	Valencia
place of death	In 1957 Kurt Edelhagen moved to Westdeutscher Rundfunk (WDR) in Cologne where he led the station's big band until his contract ran out in 1972.	Kurt Edelhagen	Cologne
place of death	Kurt Oppenländer was captured by American troops in 1945 and died in custody on 17 March 1947 in Garmisch-Partenkirchen.	Kurt Oppenländer	Garmisch-Partenkirchen
place of death	Toma T. Socolescu, (20 July 1883 in Ploiești -- 16 October 1960 in Bucharest, Romania) was an important Romanian architect.	Toma T. Socolescu	Bucharest
place of death	Pierre Eugene du Simitiere (born Pierre-Eugène Ducimetière, French: (pjɛʁ øʒɛn dysimtjɛʁ); 18 September 1737, Geneva -- October 1784, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania) was a Swiss American member of the American Philosophical Society, naturalist, American patriot, and portrait painter.	Pierre Eugene du Simitiere	Philadelphia
place of death	Marcel Bucard (December 7, 1895, Saint-Clair-sur-Epte -- March 13, 1946, Fort of Châtillon) was a French Fascist politician.	Marcel Bucard	Châtillon
place of death	Constantine Sathas (Greek: Κωνσταντίνος Σάθας, Athens, 1842 -- Paris, 1914) was a Greek historian and researcher.	Constantine Sathas	Paris
place of death	Ali al-Haidari (died January 4, 2005; Arabic: علي الحيدري, Alī al-Ḥaidarī‎) was the governor of the Baghdad Governorate in Iraq.	Ali al-Haidari	Baghdad
place of death	William Duesbury (1725--1786) was an important enameller and British entrepreneur, founder of the Royal Crown Derby and owner of porcelain factories at Bow, Chelsea, Derby and Longton Hall.	William Duesbury	Derby
place of death	Ernest Gordon (31 May 1916 -- 16 January 2002) was the former Presbyterian dean of the chapel at Princeton University.	Ernest Gordon	Princeton
place of death	Oskar Heil (20 March 1908, in Langwieden -- 15 May 1994, San Mateo, California) was a German electrical engineer and inventor.	Oskar Heil	San Mateo
place of death	Bolesław Szabelski (3 December 1896 in Radoryż - 27 August 1979 Katowice) was a Polish composer of modern classical music.	Bolesław Szabelski	Katowice
place of death	Mauro Cristofani (born, Rome, Italy, 1941--1997) was a linguist and researcher in Etruscan studies.	Mauro Cristofani	Rome
place of death	Gabriele Valvassori (21 August 1683 -- 7 April 1761) was an Italian architect of the late-Baroque period, mainly active in his native city of Rome.	Gabriele Valvassori	Rome
place of death	William Pinchbeck (1831 -- July 1893) was one of the original settlers in the Cariboo region of British Columbia, Canada.	William Pinchbeck	British Columbia
place of death	Olive Tell (September 27, 1894 -- June 6, 1951) was a stage and screen actress from New York City.	Olive Tell	New York City
place of death	Johann Grueber (28 October 1623, Linz - 30 September 1680, Sárospatak, Hungary) was an Austrian Jesuit missionary and astronomer in China, and noted explorer.	Johann Grueber	Sárospatak
place of death	Simone Plé-Caussade (14 August 1897, Paris -- 6 August 1986, Bagnères-de-Bigorre) was a French music pedagogue, composer and pianist.	Simone Plé-Caussade	Bagnères-de-Bigorre
place of death	Anton Moortgat (21 September 1897 in Antwerp -- 9 October 1977 in Damme Belgium) was a Belgian archaeologist.	Anton Moortgat	Damme
place of death	Léon Pervinquière (14 August 1873 in La Roche-sur-Yon -- 11 May 1913) was a French geologist and paleontologist.	Léon Pervinquière	La Roche-sur-Yon
place of death	Selvarajan Yesudian or Selva Raja Yesudian (February 25, 1916, in Madras -- October 26, 1998, in Zürich) was a yoga teacher and author.	Selvarajan Yesudian	Zürich
place of death	Hieronymus Froben (1501--1563) was a famous pioneering printer in Basel and the eldest son of Johann Froben.	Hieronymus Froben	Basel
place of death	Aleran was the Count of Barcelona from 848 to 852.	Aleran	Barcelona
place of death	Cornelis Schut (13 May 1597 in Antwerp -- 29 April 1655 in Antwerp) was a Flemish painter, draughtsman, engraver and tapestry designer who specialized in religious and mythological scenes.	Cornelis Schut	Antwerp
place of death	Ricky Hui Koon-ying (August 3, 1946 -- November 8, 2011) (Chinese: 許冠英) was a Hong Kong film star.	Ricky Hui	Hong Kong
place of death	Charles Russell Orcutt or C.R. Orcutt (born 27 April 1864 in Hartland, Vermont; died in Haiti 25 August 1929) was a noted naturalist sometimes called ``cactus man'' because on many expeditions he found new species of cacti.	Charles Russell Orcutt	Haiti
place of death	Carl Melles (15 July 1926 in Budapest -- 25 April 2004 in Vienna) was an Austrian orchestral conductor of Hungarian descent.	Carl Melles	Vienna
place of death	László Halmos (Nagyvárad, 10 November 1909 -- 26 January 1997 in Győr) was a Hungarian church composer.	László Halmos	Győr
place of death	Pierre Vladimiroff, or Pyotr Nikolayevich Vladimirov (Russian: Пётр Николаевич Владимиров; born February 13, 1893 in Gatchina, Saint Petersburg Governorate, Russian Empire -- died November 25, 1970 in New York, United States), was a Russian dancer and teacher.	Pierre Vladimiroff	New York
place of death	Baron Raimund von Stillfried, also known as Baron Raimund von Stillfried-Rathenitz (6 August 1839, in Komotau -- 12 August 1911, in Vienna), was an Austrian photographer.	Baron Raimund von Stillfried	Vienna
place of death	Giuseppe Bernardi (Pagnano, 24 March 1694 -- Venice, 22 February 1773), also called Torretto, was a prominent mid-18th-century Italian sculptor.	Giuseppe Bernardi	Venice
place of death	Oreste Cioni (born 13 February 1913 in Telgate, died 1968 in Terni) was an Italian footballer.	Oreste Cioni	Terni
place of death	Tadeusz Banachiewicz (13 February 1882, Warsaw, Congress Poland, Russian Empire -- 17 November 1954, Kraków) was a Polish astronomer, mathematician and geodesist.	Tadeusz Banachiewicz	Kraków
place of death	Clément Georges Lemoine (16 January 1841 in Tonnerre -- 13 November 1922 in Paris) was a French chemist and hydrologist.	Georges Lemoine	Paris
place of death	Peter McGill (August 1789 -- September 28, 1860) was a Scots-Quebecer businessman who served as the second mayor of Montreal, Canada East from 1840 to 1842.	Peter McGill	Montreal
place of death	Gayane Khachaturian was born into an Armenian family in Tbilisi, capital of Georgia, and studied art at the Nikoladze Art School.	Gayane Khachaturian	Tbilisi
place of death	Karl Gottlieb Bretschneider (February 11, 1776 Gersdorf, Saxony - January 22, 1848 Gotha, Thuringia) was a German Protestant scholar and theologian from Gersdorf, Saxony.	Karl Gottlieb Bretschneider	Gotha
place of death	Johann Philipp von Greifenclau zu Vollraths (also spelled Greiffenklau and Vollrads) (1652--1719) was the Prince-Bishop of Würzburg from 1699 to 1719.	Johann Philipp von Greifenclau zu Vollraths	Würzburg
place of death	Fermín Salvochea y Álvarez (1 March 1842, in Cádiz -- 27 September 1907, in Cádiz) was a mayor of the city of Cádiz and a president of the province of Cádiz.	Fermín Salvochea	Cádiz
place of death	Zalmen Zylbercweig (Yiddish: זלמן זילבערצווייג ; Ozorkow, 1894-Los Angeles 1972) was a historian of Yiddish theater.	Zalmen Zylbercweig	Los Angeles
place of death	Jānis Kalniņš (3 November 1904 in Pärnu -- 30 November 2000 in Fredericton) was a Latvian Canadian composer and conductor.	Jānis Kalniņš	Fredericton
place of death	Ludwig Rosenthal (2 July 1840, Fellheim, Bavaria - 23 December 1928, Munich) was a German antiquarian bookseller.	Ludwig Rosenthal	Munich
place of death	Henri Spondanus (de Sponde) (born at Mauléon, in the French Department of Pyrénées-Atlantiques, January 6, 1568; died at Toulouse, May 18, 1643) was a French Catholic jurist, historian and continuator of the Annales Ecclesiastici compiled by Cardinal Baronius, and Bishop of Pamiers.	Henri Spondanus	Toulouse
place of death	Wilhelm Groth (9 January 1904 in Hamburg -- 20 February 1977 in Bonn) was a German physical chemist.	Wilhelm Groth	Bonn
place of death	Syed Ahmed Quadri (Urdu: سيد احمد قادري) was an administrator, educationist, and senior officer in the government of the Nizam of Hyderabad and later on in the government of India and the UNO.	Syed Ahmed Quadri	Hyderabad
place of death	Saint Paris or Paris of Teano (Italian: San Paride di Teano) (d. 346) was ordained Bishop of Teano by Pope Sylvester I. His feast day is August 5.	Saint Paris	Teano
place of death	Giovanni Gonzaga (1474 -- 23 September 1525) was an Italian nobleman of the House of Gonzaga, born at Mantua.	Giovanni Gonzaga	Mantua
place of death	Lambros Koromilas (Greek: Λάμπρος Κορομηλάς: 1856 in Athens -- 1923 in New York City) was a Greek economist and diplomat, and one of the leading figures in the Macedonian Struggle during his tenure as Greek Consul-General to Thessaloniki in 1904--1907.	Lambros Koromilas	New York City
place of death	Allegretto Nuzi or Allegretto di Nuzio (1315--1373) was an Italian painter, active in a Gothic style mainly around Fabriano, in the Province of Ancona.	Allegretto Nuzi	Fabriano
place of death	Vasco Cabral (Farim, 1926-Bissau, 2005) was a Guinea-Bissauan writer and politician.	Vasco Cabral	Bissau
place of death	Jacopo Caraglio, Giovanni Jacopo Caraglio or Gian Giacomo Caraglio (c. 1500/1505 -- 26 August 1565) known also as Jacobus Parmensis and Jacobus Veronensis was an Italian engraver, goldsmith and medallist, born at Verona or Parma.	Jacopo Caraglio	Parma
place of death	Gottfried Bermann, later Gottfried Bermann Fischer (31 July 1897, Gleiwitz, Silesia -- 17 September 1995, Camaiore), was a German publisher.	Gottfried Bermann	Camaiore
place of death	Soon André Mollet was in London, whence he received a passport to travel abroad once more in 1653.	André Mollet	London
place of death	Colonel Charles Stoddart (23 July 1806, Ipswich -- June 1842, Bukhara) was a British officer and diplomat.	Charles Stoddart	Bukhara
place of death	Conrad von Soest, also Konrad in modern texts, or in Middle High German Conrad van Sost or ``von Soyst'', (born around 1370 in Dortmund; died soon after 1422) was the most significant Westphalian artist and painted in the so-called soft style of International Gothic.	Conrad von Soest	Dortmund
place of death	Jean Goss (Caluire in France November 20, 1912 - Paris April 3, 1991) was a French nonviolent activist.	Jean Goss	Paris
place of death	Jean-Baptiste-Camille Corot (Camille Corot for short) was born in Paris on July 16, 1796, in a house at 125 Rue du Bac, now demolished.	Jean-Baptiste-Camille Corot	Paris
place of death	Achille D'Orsi (6 August 1845 -- 8 February 1929) was an Italian sculptor from Naples.	Achille D'Orsi	Naples
place of death	Annisteen Allen died in Harlem, New York City at age 71.	Annisteen Allen	Harlem
place of death	Jonas de Gélieu (21 August 1740, Les Bayards - 17 October 1827, Colombier) was a Swiss pastor and beekeeper, notable for his contact with Jean Jacques Rousseau and Isabelle de Charrière.	Jonas de Gélieu	Colombier
place of death	Alfred Pyka (28 June 1934 -- 10 January 2012) was a German international footballer who played for Westfalia Herne, TSV 1860 München and Schalke 04.	Alfred Pyka	Herne
place of death	Princess Anna of Ysenburg and Büdingen (10 February 1886, Büdingen -- 8 February 1980, Detmold) was the youngest child of Bruno, 3rd Prince of Ysenburg and Büdingen and his wife Countess Bertha of Castell-Rüdenhausen.	Princess Anna of Ysenburg and Büdingen	Detmold
place of death	Alberto dos Santos Franco the Admiral Franco (Rio de Janeiro, December 5, 1913 - São Paulo, May 4, 2011) was an officer of the Navy of Brazil.	Alberto dos Santos Franco	São Paulo
place of death	Zbigniew Nienacki (January 1, 1929 in Łódź -- September 23, 1994 in Morąg) was a pen name of Polish writer, Zbigniew Tomasz Nowicki.	Zbigniew Nienacki	Morąg
place of death	He was a son of Sir Robert Wotton of Boughton Malherbe, Kent, and a descendant of Nicholas Wotton, lord mayor of London in 1415 and 1430, and member of parliament for the city from 1406 to 1429.	Nicholas Wotton	London
place of death	Harry Haynes (21 April 1873 -- 29 May 1902) was an English footballer who played as a full back for Wolverhampton Wanderers, Small Heath and Southampton in the 1890s.	Harry Haynes	Southampton
place of death	Paul McGonagle (January 21, 1939 -- November 1974) was an Irish-American mobster and leader of the Mullen Gang, a South Boston street crew involved in burglary and armed robbery.	Paul McGonagle	Boston
place of death	Death found Francisco Antonio Zea at the age of 56 on 28 November 1822, at the Royal York House Hotel, in Bath, Somerset, England, where he had gone to take refuge in the famous hot springs.	Francisco Antonio Zea	Bath
place of death	Wilhelm Theophor Dittenberger (30 April 1807, Teningen -- 11 May 1871, Weimar) was a German Protestant theologian.	Wilhelm Theophor Dittenberger	Weimar
place of death	Major Thomas Weir (1599 in Carluke, South Lanarkshire -- 1670 in Edinburgh) was a Scottish soldier and presumed occultist, executed for witchcraft.	Thomas Weir	Edinburgh
place of death	Pedro Bermúdez (1558--1605) was a Spanish composer and chapel master, who has been recognised as one of the most outstanding polyphonists in the New World, and who was active in Granada, Antequera, Cusco, Santiago de Guatemala (present-day Antigua Guatemala), and Puebla.	Pedro Bermúdez	Puebla
place of death	Robert Michels (German: (ˈmɪçəls); 9 January 1876 in Cologne, Germany -- 3 May 1936 in Rome, Italy) was a German sociologist who wrote on the political behavior of intellectual elites and contributed to elite theory.	Robert Michels	Rome
place of death	Abram Lufer (born in Kiev, 25 August 1905 - died in Kiev, 13 July 1948) was an Ukrainian pianist.	Abram Lufer	Kiev
place of death	Thomas Linacre (or Lynaker) (c. 1460 -- 20 October 1524) was a humanist scholar and physician, after whom Linacre College, Oxford and Linacre House The King's School, Canterbury are named.	Thomas Linacre	Canterbury
place of death	Camille Le Tallec was born in Paris from Breton of Lorient and Picard ancestry.	Camille Le Tallec	Paris
place of death	Johann Gottfried Steffan (December 13, 1815 in Wädenswil/Switzerland -- June 16, 1905 in Munich/Germany) was one of the most important Swiss landscapists of the 19th century.	Johann Gottfried Steffan	Munich
place of death	Otto Klineberg (November 1899, Quebec City, Quebec, Canada - 6 March 1992, Bethesda, Maryland) was a Canadian psychologist.	Otto Klineberg	Bethesda
place of death	Mahammad Hadi or Agha-Mahammad Haji-Abdulsalim oglu Abdulsalimzade (Azerbaijani: Məhəmməd Əbdülsəlimzadə Hadi Şirvani; 1879, Shamakhi - 1920, Ganja) was an Azerbaijani romanticist poet.	Mahammad Hadi	Ganja
place of death	Mark Borisovich Mitin ( Russian Марк Борисович Митин ) (June 22 jul. / 5 July 1901 - 15 January 1987 ) was a Soviet Marxist-Leninist philosopher and university lecturer, Professor of Philosophy Faculty of Moscow State University (1964-1968, 1978-1985 ).	Mark Borisovich Mitin	Moscow
place of death	Heikki Heikinpoika Vaanila (1630--1709) (Swedish: Hindrick Hindersson) was a Finnish farmer and parliamentarian from Vaanila village in Lohja, Uusimaa.	Heikki Heikinpoika Vaanila	Lohja
place of death	Hans Neurath (1909--2002) was a biochemist, a leader in protein chemistry and the founding chairman of the Department of Biochemistry at the University of Washington in Seattle.	Hans Neurath	Seattle
place of death	Count Alfred Józef Potocki (29 July 1817 or 1822, Łańcut - 18 May 1889, Paris) was a Polish nobleman (szlachcic), landowner, and a liberal-conservative monarchist Austrian politician and Prime Minister.	Alfred Józef Potocki	Paris
place of death	Daniel Pinckney Parker (1781-1850) was a prominent merchant, shipbuilder, and businessman in 19th-century Boston, Massachusetts.	Daniel Pinckney Parker	Boston
place of death	Chiara Badano was born on October 29, 1971 to Ruggero and Maria Teresa Badano in the small village of Sassello, Italy.	Chiara Badano	Sassello
place of death	Vittorio Giannini (October 19, 1903, Philadelphia -- November 28, 1966, New York City) was a neoromantic American composer of operas, songs, symphonies, and band works.	Vittorio Giannini	New York City
place of death	Herivelto de Oliveira Martins (also Herivelto Martins) (Engenheiro Paulo de Frontin, Brazil, January 30, 1912 - Rio de Janeiro, September 16, 1992) was a Brazilian composer, singer, and music player.	Herivelto Martins	Rio de Janeiro
place of death	Francisque Poulbot (6 February 1879, Saint-Denis -- 16 September 1946, Paris) was a French affichiste (literally, ``poster designer''), draughtsman and illustrator.	Francisque Poulbot	Paris
place of death	Henriette-Hélène de Beauvoir (6 June 1910, Paris -- 1 July 2001, Goxwiller) was a French painter.	Hélène de Beauvoir	Goxwiller
place of death	Peter Mazur (b. Vienna, Austria, December 11, 1922 - d. Lausanne, Switzerland, August 15, 2001) was an Austrian-born, Dutch physicist and one of the founders of the field of non-equilibrium thermodynamics.	Peter Mazur	Lausanne
place of death	On 11 December 2009 Francisco Piquer Chanza died in Madrid, Spain after a long illness.	Francisco Piquer	Madrid
place of death	Angelos Akotantos (Greek: Άγγελος Ακοτάντος) was a 15th-century Icon-painter and hagiographer who lived and worked at Heraklion, Crete, then part of the Republic of Venice.	Angelos Akotantos	Heraklion
place of death	Sérgio Buarque de Holanda (São Paulo, July 11, 1902 -- São Paulo, April 24, 1982) was an important Brazilian writer, journalist, historian and member of the Academia Paulista de Letras.	Sérgio Buarque de Holanda	São Paulo
place of death	Heinrich Lefler (7 November 1863, Vienna - 17 March 1919, Vienna) was an Austrian painter, graphic artist and stage designer.	Heinrich Lefler	Vienna
place of death	Father Doctor Giuseppe Ambrosoli died on Friday 27 March 1987 at the Comboni Mission in Lira, Uganda, as his successor at Kalongo, Dr. Fr. Egidio Tocalli, was en route to evacuate him by helicopter.	Giuseppe Ambrosoli	Lira
place of death	The son of Josep Tàpies i Mestre and Maria Puig i Guerra, Antoni Tàpies Puig was born in Barcelona on 13 December 1923.	Antoni Tàpies	Barcelona
place of death	David Moore Robinson (September 21, 1880, in Auburn, New York -- January 2, 1958, in Oxford, Mississippi) was an American Classical archaeologist credited with the discovery of the ancient city of Olynthus.	David Moore Robinson	Oxford
place of death	Donato di Niccolò di Betto Bardi (c. 1386 -- December 13, 1466), better known as Donatello (Italian: (donaˈtɛllo)), was an early Renaissance sculptor from Florence.	Donatello	Florence
place of death	Celadon Leeds Daboll (July 18, 1818, Groton, Connecticut - October 13, 1866, New London, Connecticut), was a merchant in New London, Connecticut.	Celadon Leeds Daboll	New London
place of death	David Dortort died in his sleep at his home in Los Angeles, California, on September 5, 2010, a month and a half before his 94th birthday, following a history of heart disease.	David Dortort	Los Angeles
place of death	Renate Riemeck (4 October 1920 in Breslau -- 12 May 2003 in Alsbach-Hähnlein) was an historian and energetic Christian peace activist who became known as former foster parent of the terrorist Ulrike Meinhof.	Renate Riemeck	Alsbach-Hähnlein
place of death	Dr. John Anderson Strong CBE FRSE FRCP FRCPE (18 February 1915 -- 15 December 2012) was a Scottish physician/internist and academic, who served as Professor of Medicine at the University of Edinburgh and the President of the Royal College of Physicians of Edinburgh.	John Anderson Strong	Edinburgh
place of death	Krzysztof Lubieniecki or Christoffel Lubienietzky (1659--1729) was a Polish Baroque painter and engraver active in Amsterdam during the Dutch Golden Age.	Krzysztof Lubieniecki	Amsterdam
place of death	Robert von Lieben (September 5, 1878 in Vienna -- February 20, 1913 in Vienna) was a notable Austrian physicist.	Robert von Lieben	Vienna
place of death	Ludger Alscher (* 11 April 1916 in Münster; † 9 November 1985 in Berlin-Köpenick) was a German classical archaeologist, who could be considered the most significant scholar of his subject area in the DDR.	Ludger Alscher	Köpenick
place of death	Agnese del Maino (c. 1401 -- 13 December 1465) was a Milanese noblewoman and the mistress of Filippo Maria Visconti, the last legitimate Duke of Milan of the Visconti dynasty.	Agnese del Maino	Milan
place of death	Marcel Lang was born in Basel into a family in which the East European Jewish tradition of chazanut (cantorial art) was cultivated.	Marcel Lang	Basel
place of death	Isaac Ouwater (1748, Amsterdam -- 1793, Amsterdam), was an 18th-century landscape painter from the Northern Netherlands.	Isaac Ouwater	Amsterdam
place of death	Louis I, Prince of Monaco (25 July 1642 in Prince's Palace of Monaco -- 3 January 1701 in Rome) was Prince of Monaco from 1662 until 1701.	Louis I, Prince of Monaco	Rome
place of death	Kilian Caspar Flasch (July 16, 1831--August 3, 1891) was a German-born prelate of the Roman Catholic Church who served as Bishop of the Diocese of La Crosse, Wisconsin from 1881 until his death in 1891.	Kilian Caspar Flasch	La Crosse
place of death	Charles Albert Buswell (October 15, 1913 -- June 14, 2008) was an American prelate of the Roman Catholic Church who served as Bishop of Pueblo from 1959 to 1979.	Charles Albert Buswell	Pueblo
place of death	Hermann von Ramberg (24 November 1820, Vienna - 26 December 1899, Graz) was an Austrian statesman who served as acting Ban of Croatia-Slavonia in 1883.	Hermann von Ramberg	Graz
place of death	Hugh Aycelin (1230, Billom -- 28 December 1297, Rome) was a French Cardinal.	Hugh Aycelin	Rome
place of death	Tamás Cseh (22 January, 1943 in Budapest -- 7 August, 2009 in Budapest) Hungarian composer, singer and actor.	Tamás Cseh	Budapest
place of death	Eugène Lanti was a pseudonym of Eugène Adam (19 July 1879 in Normandy, France -- 17 January 1947 in Mexico).	Eugène Lanti	Mexico
place of death	Benny Lynch (2 April 1913 -- 6 August 1946 in Gorbals, Glasgow, Scotland) was a Scottish professional boxer who fought in the flyweight division.	Benny Lynch	Glasgow
place of death	Rudolf Wlassak (27 March 1865, Brno - 10 March 1930, Vienna) was an Austrian physiologist and neurologist.	Rudolf Wlassak	Vienna
place of death	Pope Soter (Latin: Soterius; died c. 174) was the Bishop of Rome from c. 167 to his death c. 174.	Pope Soter	Rome
place of death	Slavko Janevski (January 11, 1920, Skopje - January 20, 2000) was a renowned Macedonian poet, prose and script writer.	Slavko Janevski	Skopje
place of death	He was born Robert Franz Julius Knauth in Halle, Germany, the son of Christoph Franz Knauth.	Robert Franz	Halle
place of death	Marie Kettnerová (born in Prague on 4 April 1911; died in London on 28 February 1998) was a winner of the World Table Tennis Championships in both women's single and doubles.	Marie Kettnerová	London
place of death	Karl Aderhold (30 June 1884, Stolberg, Province of Saxony -- 20 June 1921 Hanover) was a German politician.	Karl Aderhold	Hanover
place of death	Ridolfo Livi (Prato, 1856 - Florence, 1920) was an Italian anthropologist.	Ridolfo Livi	Florence
place of death	Vasil Iljoski (Macedonian: Васил Иљоски, Kruševo, Ottoman Empire, 20 December 1902 - Skopje, Republic of Macedonia, 1 November 1995) was a Macedonian writer, dramatist, professor and an important figure in the Macedonian literature, especially in Macedonian drama between the two World Wars.	Vasil Iljoski	Skopje
place of death	James Lin Xili (October 19, 1918 -- October 4, 2009) was a Chinese underground Roman Catholic bishop of Wenzhou.	James Lin Xili	Wenzhou
place of death	Jack Belden (February 3, 1910 in Brooklyn, New York -- June 3, 1989 in Paris) was an American war correspondent who covered the Japanese invasion of China, the Second World War and the Chinese Revolution.	Jack Belden	Paris
place of death	Jörg Breu the Elder (c. 1475--1537), of Augsburg, was a painter of the German Danube school.	Jörg Breu the Elder	Augsburg
place of death	Édouard Toudouze (24 July 1848, Paris - 14 March 1907, Paris) was a French painter, illustrator and decorative artist.	Édouard Toudouze	Paris
place of death	Oscar Blumenthal or Oskar Blumenthal (13 March 1852 Berlin - 24 April 1917, Berlin) was a German playwright and drama critic.	Oscar Blumenthal	Berlin
place of death	Félix Gaudin (10 February 1851 in Paris--15 September 1930 in Châtenoy-le-Royal) was a stained glass artist in France.	Félix Gaudin	Châtenoy-le-Royal
place of death	Isnardo Guarco (Genoa, 1380 -- Genoa, 1458) was an Italian politician, mercenary leader, plutocrat, and served as Doge of Genoa for one week.	Isnardo Guarco	Genoa
place of death	Hyacinthe Rigaud (French pronunciation: (ʁigo); 18 July 1659 -- 29 December 1743) was a French baroque painter of Catalan origin whose career was based in Paris.	Hyacinthe Rigaud	Paris
place of death	Giovan Battista Pigna (1530-1575) was an Italian humanist, poet and historian from Ferrara.	Giovan Battista Pigna	Ferrara
place of death	Vladimír Helfert (March 24, 1886 in Plánice (near Klatovy) -- March 18, 1945 in Prague) was an important Czech musicologist in the interwar period.	Vladimír Helfert	Prague
place of death	Louis-Nicolas Bescherelle (10 June 1802, Paris -- 1883, Paris) was a French lexicographer and grammarian.	Louis-Nicolas Bescherelle	Paris
place of death	Camillo Wiethe (24 May 1889, Vienna -- 10 July 1949, Vienna) was an Austrian otorhinolaryngologist.	Camillo Wiethe	Vienna
place of death	Giovanni Bartolena (Livorno, June 24, 1886 - Livorno, February 16, 1942) was an Italian painter, mainly of landscapes, but also of landscapes with animals.	Giovanni Bartolena	Livorno
place of death	Devraha Baba (died 19 May 1990), also spelled Deoraha baba was an Indian Siddha Yogi saint who lived beside the Yamuna river in Mathura.	Devraha Baba	Mathura
place of death	Adina Mandlová (28 January 1910 in Mladá Boleslav -- 16 June 1991 in Příbram, Czechoslovakia) was a Czech actress, sex-symbol of the 1930s and a European movie star.	Adina Mandlová	Příbram
place of death	Günter Rössler (January 6, 1926 in Leipzig -- December 31, 2012 in Leipzig) was a German photographer and photo-journalist who got famous for his artistic nude photographs which made him the Helmut Newton of the East The Leipzig Historical Museum dedicated an exhibition to him showing 40 of his fashion photographs.	Günter Rössler	Leipzig
place of death	Placido Mandanici (3 July 1799, Barcellona Pozzo di Gotto -- 6 June 1852, Genoa) was an Italian composer.	Placido Mandanici	Genoa
place of death	Walter Ullmann (November 29, 1910 in Pulkau -- January 18, 1983 in Cambridge) was an Austrian-Jewish scholar, who settled in the United Kingdom after leaving Austria in the late 1930s.	Walter Ullmann	Cambridge
place of death	While flying over Ciampino airfield, Guido Nardini bailed out of an airplane in trouble, and was killed by a malfunctioning parachute on 26 January 1928.	Guido Nardini	Ciampino
place of death	Gerard van Opstal or Gérard van Opstal (1594 or 1597, Brussels -- 1668, Paris), was a Flemish Baroque sculptor mainly active in Paris.	Gerard van Opstal	Paris
place of death	Henry Charlton Bastian (26 April 1837 in Truro, Cornwall, England -- 17 November 1915 in Chesham Bois, Buckinghamshire) was an English physiologist and neurologist.	Henry Charlton Bastian	Chesham Bois
place of death	Fritz Steuri (born 25 July 1879 in Grindelwald, Switzerland, died 5 September 1950 in Grindelwald, Switzerland) was a Swiss mountain climber and Nordic and Alpine skier.	Fritz Steuri	Grindelwald
place of death	Edwin Percy Phillips (18 February 1884 in Sea Point, Cape Town -- 12 April 1967 in Cape Town), was a South African botanist and taxonomist, noted for his monumental work The Genera of South African Flowering Plants first published in 1926.	Edwin Percy Phillips	Cape Town
place of death	Abraham Léo Errera (4 September 1858 in Laeken -- 6 August 1905 in Brussels) was a Belgian botanist, known for his research in the field of plant physiology.	Léo Errera	Brussels
place of death	Otto Kanturek (27 July 1897, Vienna -- 26 June 1941, Cawston, Norfolk) was an Austrian cameraman, cinematographer and film director.	Otto Kanturek	Cawston
place of death	Emil Adolf Rossmässler (Emil Adolf Roßmäßler, Emil Adolph Roßmäßler) (* March 3, 1806 in Leipzig, † April 8, 1867) was a German biologist.	Emil Adolf Rossmässler	Leipzig
place of death	Antoine Gaubil (b. at Gaillac, Aveyron, 14 July 1689; d. at Beijing, 24 July 1759) was French Jesuit missionary to China.	Antoine Gaubil	Beijing
place of death	Ramón Otero Pedrayo (alternative spelling Outeiro Pedraio) (Ourense, Galicia, 1888 - Ourense, 1976) was a Galician geographer, writer and intellectual.	Ramón Otero Pedrayo	Ourense
place of death	A graduate of the Arts and Graphic Design Faculty of North-Ossetia Teachers Training College and the Faculty of Sculpture of Moscow Surikov Arts Institute, Lazar Gadayev was admitted to the Union of Artists of the USSR in 1966, right after the graduation, and started exhibiting his works on a large scale.	Lazar Gadayev	Moscow
place of death	Asunción Balzola Elorza (July 18, 1942 in Bilbao -- June 22, 2006 in Madrid), better known as Asun Balzola, was a Spanish autodidact illustrator, writer and translator.	Asun Balzola	Madrid
place of death	Hattie Carnegie (15 March 1880 -- 22 February 1956) was a fashion entrepreneur based in New York City from the 1920s to the 1960s.	Hattie Carnegie	New York City
place of death	Manuel Alonso Martínez (1827, Burgos -- 1891, Madrid) was a Spanish jurist and politician, and the principal redactor of the Spanish Civil Code of 1888/89.	Manuel Alonso Martínez	Madrid
place of death	Živko Čingo (also spelt Zhivko Chingo) (13 August 1935 -- 1987) Macedonian writer, born in Velgosti, near Ohrid.	Živko Čingo	Ohrid
place of death	Jacopo Foroni (Valeggio sul Mincio, Verona 26 July 1825 -- Stockholm, 8 September 1858) was an Italian opera composer and conductor who spent most of his working life in Sweden.	Jacopo Foroni	Stockholm
place of death	Géo Ham, Georges Hamel (18 September 1900, Laval, Mayenne, France - June 1972, Paris) was a French painter and illustrator.	Géo Ham	Paris
place of death	Timothy Mather Spelman (January 21, 1891 -- August 21, 1970) was an American composer; born in Brooklyn, New York, he was for many years resident in Italy, dying at his villa just outside Florence.	Timothy Mather Spelman	Florence
place of death	Juan Antonio de Frías y Escalante (1633 in Cordoba--1669 in Madrid) was a Spanish Baroque Golden Age painter.	Juan Antonio de Frías y Escalante	Madrid
place of death	Stefano Porcari (early 15th century - 9 January 1453) was an Italian politician and humanist from Rome, known as the leader of a rebellion against Pope Nicholas V and the tyrannic Papal authority.	Stefano Porcari	Rome
place of death	Caspar Wolf (Muri, Aargau, 3 May 1735 -- Heidelberg, 6 October 1783) was a Swiss painter, known mostly for his dramatic paintings of Alps.	Caspar Wolf	Heidelberg
place of death	Bronisław Prugar-Ketling (2 July 1891, Trześniów, Subcarpathian Voivodeship -- 18 February 1948, Warsaw) was a Polish general.	Bronisław Prugar-Ketling	Warsaw
place of death	Leon Klinghoffer (September 24, 1916 -- October 8, 1985) was a Jewish-American appliance manufacturer who was murdered and thrown overboard by Palestinian terrorists who hijacked the cruise ship Achille Lauro in 1985.	Leon Klinghoffer	Achille Lauro
place of death	Kondrat Krapiva (Belarusian: Кандрат Крапіва) (5 March 1896, Nizok, Minsk Governorate - 7 January 1991) was a Belarusian writer, playwright, social activist, and literary critic.	Kondrat Krapiva	Minsk
place of death	Jean René Constant Quoy (10 November 1790, Maillé - 4 July 1869, Rochefort) was a French naval surgeon, zoologist and anatomist.	Jean René Constant Quoy	Rochefort
place of death	Margaret Potter, née Margaret Newman (born 21 June 1926 in Harrow, Middlesex, London, England -- d.26 August 1998 in Oxford, England) was a British writer of over 55 Romance, mystery, children's novels.	Margaret Potter	Oxford
place of death	Fritz Hamer (22 of November 1912, Hamburg - 13 of January 2004, Sarasota, Florida) was an outstanding German botanist who worked in Central America, specializing in orchids.	Fritz Hamer	Sarasota
place of death	Francisco J. Serrano y Alvarez de la Rosa (March 12, 1900 in Mexico City -- December 3, 1982 in Mexico City) was a Mexican civil engineer and architect.	Francisco J. Serrano	Mexico City
place of death	Hans Kemmer (sometimes Johann Kemmer, fl. c. 1495-1561) was a German Northern renaissance painter, active in Lübeck.	Hans Kemmer	Lübeck
place of death	Walter Rauschenbusch (1861--1918) was a Christian theologian and Baptist pastor who taught at the Rochester Theological Seminary.	Walter Rauschenbusch	Rochester
place of death	Henri Boutet (1851 Sainte-Hermine, Vendée - 9 June 1919 Paris), ``le Petit Maître au corset'', was a French Belle Époque artist whose work focused on the genre ``La Parisienne''.	Henri Boutet	Paris
place of death	Felician Myrbach (also Felicien de Myrbach, Felician von Myrbach, from 1919 Freiherr von Rheinfeld; 19 February 1853, Zalishchyky -- 14 January 1940, Klagenfurt) was an Austrian painter, graphic designer and illustrator.	Felician Myrbach	Klagenfurt
place of death	Carmen Laforet (Barcelona 6 September 1921 -- Madrid, 28 February 2004) was a Spanish author who wrote in the period after the Spanish Civil War.	Carmen Laforet	Madrid
place of death	Isaac Satanow (born at Satanow, Poland (currently in Ukraine), 1733; died in Berlin, Germany, 25 December 1805) was a Polish Jewish scholar and poet.	Isaac Satanow	Berlin
place of death	Malcolm Geddes (1832-1916) was mayor of the City of Toowoomba, Queensland in 1895.	Malcolm Geddes	Toowoomba
place of death	Fernando Ruiz de Castro Andrade y Portugal (14 December 1548 - 20 September 1601) was a Galician (Spanish) nobleman who was Viceroy of Naples from 1599 to 1601.	Fernando Ruiz de Castro Andrade y Portugal	Naples
place of death	Julius von Pflug (1499 in Eythra -- 3 September 1564 in Zeitz) was the last Catholic bishop of the Diocese of Naumburg from 1542 until his death.	Julius von Pflug	Zeitz
place of death	Justo Figuerola (June 18, 1771 in Lambayeque, Peru -- May 23, 1854 in Lima, Peru) was President of Peru during two brief periods; for a few days in 1843 and briefly in 1844.	Justo Figuerola	Lima
place of death	Leo Parker (April 18, 1925, Washington, D.C. - February 11, 1962, New York City) was an American jazz baritone saxophonist.	Leo Parker	New York City
place of death	Lucas van Uden (18 October 1595 -- 4 November 1672) was a leading Flemish landscape painter, draughtsman and engraver active in Antwerp.	Lucas van Uden	Antwerp
place of death	Saint Ludger (also Lüdiger or Liudger) (born at Zuilen near Utrecht about 742; died 26 March 809 at Billerbeck) was a missionary among the Frisians and Saxons, founder of Werden Abbey and first Bishop of Münster in Westphalia.	Ludger	Billerbeck
place of death	Saint Agathius (Greek: Ακακιος; died 303), also known as Achatius or Agathonas or Acacius of Byzantium, according to Christian tradition, was a Cappadocian Greek centurion of the imperial army, martyred around 304.	Agathius	Byzantium
place of death	Lau Kar-leung (28 July 1934 -- 25 June 2013), also known as Liu Chia-liang, was a Hong Kong-based Chinese actor, filmmaker, choreographer and martial artist.	Lau Kar-leung	Hong Kong
place of death	Jon Lucien died in Orlando, Florida, by his soulmate and wife's side of 20 years, Delesa Lucien, August 18, 2007, from respiratory failure and other complications following surgery at the age of 65.	Jon Lucien	Orlando
place of death	Christian Afrikaner (before 1820, Bethanie, South West Africa -- 15 June 1863, Otjimbingwe, South West Africa) was the oldest son of Jonker Afrikaner and Beetje Boois.	Christian Afrikaner	Otjimbingwe
place of death	Louis Pierre Henriquel-Dupont (Paris 13 June 1797 -- 20 January 1892 Paris) was a French engraver.	Louis Pierre Henriquel-Dupont	Paris
place of death	John Alston Crichton, known as Jack Crichton (October 16, 1916 -- December 10, 2007), was an oil and natural gas industrialist from Dallas, Texas, who was among the first of his ranks to recognize the importance of petroleum reserves in the Middle East.	Jack Crichton	Dallas
place of death	Shenton Thomas was born on 10 October 1879, in Southwark, London to The Rev Thomas William Thomas and his wife Charlotte Susanna (Susie) née Whitelegge.	Shenton Thomas	London
place of death	Pietro Paltronieri (1673--1741) was an Italian painter of the late Baroque period, active mainly in Rome, Bologna, and Vienna.	Pietro Paltronieri	Bologna
place of death	Albert Heilmann (6 June 1886 Munich -- 20 December 1949 Berlin-Wilmersdorf) was an architect and contractor who worked in Munich and Berlin.	Albert Heilmann	Berlin
place of death	Jean Le Fustec (10 May 1855, Rostrenen - 22 March 1910, Paris) was a Breton bard, and the first Archdruid of the Goursez Vreizh (Gorsedd of Brittany).	Jean Le Fustec	Paris
place of death	Joan Brickhill died at age 89 in Johannesburg on 15 January 2014 from undisclosed causes.	Joan Brickhill	Johannesburg
place of death	Guido Gratton (23 September 1932 Monfalcone, Italy - 26 November 1996 Bagno a Ripoli, Italy) was an Italian football (soccer) player.	Guido Gratton	Bagno a Ripoli
place of death	Ludvig Collijn (20 November 1878 -- 4 October 1939 in Stockholm) was a chess author and chairman of the Swedish Chess Federation from 1917 to 1939.	Ludvig Collijn	Stockholm
place of death	Piotr Stachiewicz (29 October 1858 in Nowosiółki Gościnne in Podolia - 14 April 1938 in Kraków) was a Polish painter and illustrator.	Piotr Stachiewicz	Kraków
place of death	Max Barthel (born 17 November 1893 in Loschwitz, Dresden -- died 17 June 1975 in Waldbröl) was a German writer.	Max Barthel	Waldbröl
place of death	Kevin Patrick O'Flanagan (10 June 1919 in Dublin, Ireland -- 26 May 2006 in Dublin, Ireland), also referred to as Dr. Kevin O'Flanagan, is a former Irish sportsman, physician and sports administrator.	Kevin O'Flanagan	Dublin
place of death	Louis George Gregory (born June 6, 1874 in Charleston, South Carolina; died July 30, 1951 in Eliot, Maine) was a prominent member of the Bahá'í Faith posthumously appointed a Hand of the Cause, the highest appointed position in the Bahá'í Faith, by Shoghi Effendi.	Louis George Gregory	Eliot
place of death	Alfred Meissner (15 October 1822, Teplitz -- 29 May 1885, Bregenz) was an Austrian poet.	Alfred Meissner	Bregenz
place of death	Count Ferenc Széchényi (29 April 1754 in Fertőszéplak -- 13 December 1820 in Vienna) was the founder of the Hungarian National Library and National Museum in Budapest.	Ferenc Széchényi	Vienna
place of death	Julia Britton Hooks (May 4, 1852 -- March 10, 1942) was a musician and educator whose work with youth, the elderly and indigent was highly respected in her family's home state of Kentucky and in Memphis, Tennessee, where she lived with her second husband, Charles F. Hooks.	Julia Britton Hooks	Memphis
place of death	Guillaume Tronchet (1867, Villeneuve-sur-Lot, Lot-et-Garonne - 1959, Nice) was a French architect.	Guillaume Tronchet	Nice
place of death	After Otto Neurath's death in 1945, Marie Neurath carried on the work with a small number of English assistants, moving to London in 1948.	Marie Neurath	London
place of death	Cosmas Desmond (19 November 1935, London - 31 March 2012, Durban) was a Catholic priest, an activist and an author who lived in England and South Africa.	Cosmas Desmond	Durban
place of death	Charly Gaul (pronounced (ˈʧaːlɪ ɡaʊ̯l); 8 December 1932 -- 6 December 2005 in Luxembourg City) was a professional cyclist.	Charly Gaul	Luxembourg
place of death	Clyde Summers died at a retirement home in Germantown, Pennsylvania, on October 30, 2010, from complications of a stroke.	Clyde Summers	Germantown
place of death	Karel Blažej Kopřiva (or Karl Blasius Kopriva; 9 February 1756 in Cítoliby -- 15 May 1785 in Cítoliby) was a Czech organist and composer from a family of musicians.	Karel Blažej Kopřiva	Cítoliby
place of death	Gustav Heinrich Ernst Friedrich von Ingenohl (30 June 1857 Neuwied -- 19 December 1933 Berlin) was a German admiral from Neuwied best known for his command of the German High Seas Fleet at the beginning of World War I. He was the son of a tradesman.	Friedrich von Ingenohl	Berlin
place of death	Alexandre-Antonin Taché, O.M.I., (23 July 1823 -- 22 June 1894) was a Canadian Roman Catholic priest, missionary of the Oblate order, author and the first Archbishop of Saint Boniface in the Canadian province of Manitoba.	Alexandre-Antonin Taché	Saint Boniface
place of death	Bonaventura Berlinghieri (fl. 1228--1274) was an Italian painter from Lucca, Italy, of the Gothic period.	Bonaventura Berlinghieri	Lucca
place of death	Hermann Grapow (September 1, 1885 in Rostock -- August 24, 1967 in Berlin) was a German Egyptologist.	Hermann Grapow	Berlin
place of death	Magnus Wahlström (October 28, 1903 in Surahammar Municipality, Sweden -- January 30, 1972 in Bridgeport, Connecticut, USA), often Wahlstrom in English, was a Swedish American entrepreneur and later a philanthropist.	Magnus Wahlström	Bridgeport
place of death	Ruiz-Tagle was born in Santiago, Chile to father Carlos Ruiz-Tagle Vicuña and mother Elena Gandarillas Rooms.	Carlos Ruiz-Tagle	Santiago
place of death	Albert Darcq (Lille, 8 September 1848 - 8 March 1895) was a French sculptor who was trained by Pierre-Jules Cavelier.	Albert Darcq	Lille
place of death	Jerzy Ficowski (Polish pronunciation: (ˈjɛʐɨ fiˈt͡sɔfskʲi); October 4, 1924, Warsaw - May 9, 2006, Warsaw) was a Polish poet, writer and translator (from Yiddish, Russian, Romani and Hungarian).	Jerzy Ficowski	Warsaw
place of death	Alexandre-Étienne Choron (born Caen, 21 October 1771; died Paris, 29 June 1834) for a short time directed the Paris Opera.	Alexandre-Étienne Choron	Paris
place of death	Max Delbrück died, at age 74, on the evening of Monday, March 9, 1981, at Huntington Memorial Hospital in Pasadena, California.	Max Delbrück	Pasadena
place of death	Jean-Antoine Constantin, (January 1756 in Marseille - 9 January 1844 in Aix-en-Provence), was a French painter.	Jean-Antoine Constantin	Aix-en-Provence
place of death	Kay Williamson (1935 -- January 3, 2005, Brazil), born Ruth Margaret Williamson was a linguist who specialised in the study of African languages, particularly those of the Niger Delta in Nigeria, where she lived for nearly fifty years.	Kay Williamson	Brazil
place of death	Eugène Arnold Dolmetsch (24 February 1858 -- 28 February 1940), was a French-born musician and instrument maker who spent much of his working life in England and established an instrument-making workshop in Haslemere, Surrey.	Arnold Dolmetsch	Surrey
place of death	Jonáš Záborský (February 3, 1812 in Záborie, Kingdom of Hungary -- January 23, 1876 in Župčany) was a Slovak lower nobleman and writer.	Jonáš Záborský	Župčany
place of death	Willibald Hentschel (born 7 November 1858 in Łódź - died 2 February 1947 in Berg, Upper Bavaria) was a German agrarian and volkisch writer and political activist.	Willibald Hentschel	Berg
place of death	Count 'Carl Gustaf Bloomfield Eric von Rosen (born June 2, 1879 in Stockholm, died April 25, 1948 Skeppsholmen, Stockholm) was a Swedish Honorary doctor, patron, explorer, ethnographer and prominent figure in the Swedish upper class nazi-movement during the 30's	Eric von Rosen	Stockholm
place of death	Erhard Schnepf (1 November 1495, Heilbronn -- 1 November 1558, Jena; also Erhard Schnepff) was a German Lutheran Theologian, Pastor, and Reformer.	Erhard Schnepf	Jena
place of death	Baron François du Four (Turnhout, Belgium, 1871 -- 1945) was a Belgian industrialist.	François du Four	Turnhout
place of death	Asher Mizrahi (1890 -- 27 October 1967) was a Jewish Tunisian tenor singer and musician, originating from Jerusalem, where he was born under Ottoman rule.	Asher Mizrahi	Jerusalem
place of death	Henry Jackson Jr. (December 12, 1912 in Columbus, Mississippi -- October 22, 1988 in Los Angeles, California) was an American professional boxer and a world boxing champion who fought under the name Henry Armstrong.	Henry Armstrong	Los Angeles
place of death	Hamza Hakimzade Niyazi (Uzbek: Hamza Hakimzoda Niyoziy, Ҳамза Ҳакимзода Ниёзий; Russian: Хамза Хакимзаде Ниязи) (March 6 (O.S. February 22) 1889, Kokand -- March 18, 1929, Shohimardon) was an Uzbek author, composer, playwright, poet, scholar, and political activist.	Hamza Hakimzade Niyazi	Shohimardon
place of death	Omar Benjelloun (1936, Oujda - 18 December 1975, Casablanca) was a Moroccan journalist, engineer, lawyer and trade union activist.	Omar Benjelloun	Casablanca
place of death	Crescentius the Younger (or Crescentius II) (died 998), son of Crescentius the Elder, was a leader of the aristocracy of medieval Rome.	Crescentius the Younger	Rome
place of death	The same year a hospital was founded at Athens and named after her (currently known as Sismanogleio-Amalia Fleming General Hospital).	Amalia Fleming	Athens
place of death	Lukas Hottinger (25 February 1933, Düsseldorf -- 4 September 2011, Basel) was a paleontologist, biologist and geologist.	Lukas Hottinger	Basel
place of death	Howard Bretherton (13 February 1890, Tacoma, Washington-12 April 1969, San Diego, California) was an American film director, film editor, and the father of film editor David Bretherton.	Howard Bretherton	San Diego
place of death	Kurt Stern (1907, Berlin -- 1989) was a screenwriter who worked for Deutsche Film-Aktiengesellschaft (DEFA) in East Germany.	Kurt Stern	Berlin
place of death	Girolamo Riario (1443 -- 14 April 1488) was Lord of Imola (from 1473) and Forlì (from 1480).	Girolamo Riario	Forlì
place of death	Jon Morgan Searle (22 June 1930 - 13 March 2012) was a Gibraltarian journalist and editor of the Gibraltar Chronicle.	Jon Morgan Searle	Gibraltar
place of death	Herbert Haag (born 11 February 1915 in Singen am Hohentwiel, died 23 August 2001 in Lucerne) was a Swiss Roman Catholic theologian and biblical scholar of German origin.	Herbert Haag	Lucerne
place of death	Daniel Houghton (1740--1791) was an Irish explorer and one of the earliest Europeans to travel through the interior of West Africa.	Daniel Houghton	West Africa
place of death	Aldo Sambrell was born in Madrid, Spain on 23 February 1931, and died in Alicante, Spain on 10 July 2010, at age 79, the result of three strokes he suffered in early June 2010.	Aldo Sambrell	Alicante
place of death	Kamil Lhoták (25 July 1912 Prague -- 22 October 1990, Prague) was a Czech painter, graphic artist, and illustrator.	Kamil Lhoták	Prague
place of death	Pompeo Mariani (Monza, Province of Milan. 1857 -- Bordighera, Province of Imperia, 1927) was an Italian painter.	Pompeo Mariani	Bordighera
place of death	Martti Pennanen (8 December 1923; Tervola, Finland -- 17 December 2010; Tampere, Finland) was a Finnish film and stage actor.	Martti Pennanen	Tampere
place of death	Emilio Dandolo (5 July 1830, Varese -- 20 February 1859, Milan) was an important figure in the Italian Risorgimento, participating in several of its most important battles.	Emilio Dandolo	Milan
place of death	Albert Schreiner (7 August 1892 in Aglasterhausen; -- 4 August 1979 in Berlin) was a historian of the DDR	Albert Schreiner	Berlin
place of death	Wilhelm Lachnit (12 November 1899, Gittersee, near Dresden -- 14 November 1962, Dresden) was a German painter who was primarily active in Dresden.	Wilhelm Lachnit	Dresden
place of death	Antonius von Steichele (22 January 1816 -- 9 October 1889) was Bishop, and later Archbishop of the Archdiocese of München und Freising from 1878 until 1889.	Antonius von Steichele	Freising
place of death	Novica Tadić (Smriječno, Plužine, 17 July 1949 -- Belgrade, 23 January 2011) was a Serbian poet.	Novica Tadić	Belgrade
place of death	Heinz Pagels died in 1988 in a mountain climbing accident on Pyramid Peak, a 14,000-foot summit 10 miles to the southwest of the Aspen Center for Physics, where he spent his summers.	Heinz Pagels	Pyramid Peak
place of death	Johann Karl Friedrich Zöllner (8 November 1834, Berlin -- 25 April 1882, Leipzig) was a German astrophysicist who studied optical illusions.	Johann Karl Friedrich Zöllner	Leipzig
place of death	Isaak Illich Rubin (Russian: Исаа́к Ильи́ч Ру́бин; 12 June 1886, Dinaburg, now Latvia -- 27 November 1937, Aktobe, now Kazakhstan) was a Jewish economist and is considered to be the most important theorist of his time on the field of Karl Marx's theory of value.	Isaak Illich Rubin	Aktobe
place of death	Dorothea Maria of Anhalt (Dessau, 2 July 1574 -- Weimar, 18 July 1617), was by birth a member of the House of Ascania and princess of Anhalt.	Dorothea Maria of Anhalt	Weimar
place of death	Francisque Millet (1642, in Antwerp -- 1679, in Paris), also known as Jean-François Milée or Millet I, was a Flemish-French landscape painter of the Baroque era.	Francisque Millet	Paris
place of death	Nicoloso da Recco was a 14th-century Italian navigator from Genoa, who visited the Canary Islands in 1341 on behalf of Afonso IV of Portugal.	Nicoloso da Recco	Genoa
place of death	Jean Chastel (March 31, 1708 -- 1790) was a farmer and inn-keeper from the province of Gévaudan in France, noted for killing the Beast of Gévaudan on June 19, 1767 at Mont Mouchet.	Jean Chastel	France
place of death	José Rafael Carrera Turcios (24 October 1814 Guatemala City -- 14 April 1865 Guatemala City) was the president of Guatemala from 1844 to 1848 and from 1851 until his death, after being appointed President for Life in 1854.	Rafael Carrera	Guatemala City
place of death	Cesare Brandi (Siena, 8 April 1906 -- Vignano, 19 January 1988) was an art critic and historian, specialist in conservation-restoration theory.	Cesare Brandi	Siena
place of death	Theodor Barth (16 July 1849, Duderstadt -- 3 June 1909, Baden-Baden) was a German liberal politician and publicist.	Theodor Barth	Baden-Baden
place of death	In 1979, Charles Draper Faulkner died a resident of Downers Grove, Illinois.	Charles Draper Faulkner	Downers Grove
place of death	Yervant Harry Babasin, Jr. (19 March 1921 Dallas, Texas - 21 May 1988 Los Angeles) was an American jazz bassist.	Harry Babasin	Los Angeles
place of death	Werner Haugk was killed on 18 October 1944 near Aalborg, Denmark, after the BF 109 trainer that he was flying was shot down by British fighters.	Werner Haugk	Aalborg
place of death	Rimma Nikitichna Brailovskaya (April 14, 1877, in Tartu, Russian Empire -- September 28, 1959, in Rome, Italy) was a Russian painter, author of landscapes and genre paintings, worked in watercolor and tempera, and in arts and crafts genre, created embroidery and applique.	Rimma Nikitichna Brailovskaya	Rome
place of death	Marcel Rouff (1877 in Geneva -- 1936 in Paris) was a novelist, poet, critic, and historian, a friend of Curnonsky and his collaborator on La France gastronomique.	Marcel Rouff	Paris
place of death	Heinrich Ehrhardt (17 November 1840 in Zella St. Blasius -- 20 November 1928 in Zella-Mehlis) was a German inventor, industrialist and entrepreneur.	Heinrich Ehrhardt	Zella-Mehlis
place of death	In the mid 15th century, Filarete was expelled from Rome after being accused of attempting to steal the head of John the Baptist and he moved to Venice and then eventually to Milan.	Filarete	Rome
place of death	Marie Orav (23 December 1911, Pikeliai, Telšiai County, Russian Empire -- 4 January 1994, Tallinn) was an Estonian chess player, who twice won the Estonian Women's Chess Championship - 1952, 1959.	Marie Orav	Tallinn
place of death	Wilhelm Piec (born Wilhelm Pietz November 2, 1915 in Schwientochlowitz (Świętochłowice), German Empire, died on April 4, 1954, also in Świętochłowice) - Polish soccer forward player.	Wilhelm Piec	Świętochłowice
place of death	Mark Lidzbarski (born Abraham Mordechai Lidzbarski, Plock, Russian Empire, 7 January 1868 -- Göttingen, 13 November 1928) was a German philologist, Semitist and translator of Mandaean texts.	Mark Lidzbarski	Göttingen
place of death	Henryk Łowmiański (August 22, 1898 near Ukmergė - September 4, 1984 in Poznań) was a Polish historian of the medieval period.	Henryk Łowmiański	Poznań
place of death	Anton Menger von Wolfensgrün (September 12, 1841, Maniów, Galicia - February 6, 1906, Rome), was an Austrian juridical expert and social theorist who aside from his collegiate works predominantly dedicated himself to propagating socialist literature on juridical grounds.	Anton Menger	Rome
place of death	Giuseppe Oronzo Giannuzzi (March 16, 1838, Altamura, Italy - March 8, 1876, Siena, Italy) was an Italian physiologist.	Giuseppe Oronzo Giannuzzi	Siena
place of death	Alceo Dossena died a poor man in Rome in 1937.	Alceo Dossena	Rome
place of death	Bertrand Vac was the nom de plume of Quebec novelist and surgeon Aimé Pelletier (b. Aug. 20, 1914, Saint-Ambroise-de-Kildare, Quebec; d. July 23, 2010, Montreal).	Bertrand Vac	Montreal
place of death	Karl Hopf (Hamm, Westphalia, February 19, 1832 -- Wiesbaden, August 23, 1873) or Carl Hermann Friedrich Johann Hopf was historian and expert in Medieval Greece, both Byzantine and Frankish.	Karl Hopf	Wiesbaden
place of death	He acceded to the throne of the Pakualaman principality Kadipaten Pakualaman on 12 April 1937 with the official name Kanjeng Gusti Pangeran Adipati Arya Paku Alam VIII. The Pakualaman dates from 1812 and is an enclave within the Yogyakarta Sultanate.	Paku Alam VIII	Yogyakarta
place of death	Girolamo Scotto (Hieronymus Scotus; also Gerolamo) (c.1505 -- 3 September 1572) was an Italian printer, composer, businessman and bookseller of the Renaissance, active mainly in Venice.	Girolamo Scotto	Venice
place of death	Nicolas Goupillet also Coupillet or Goupillier (Senlis, ca. 1650 - Paris, ca. 1713) was a French Baroque composer - albeit a composer who may not have himself composed all of his works.	Nicolas Goupillet	Paris
place of death	Gheorghe Lazăr (5 June 1779 -- 17 September 1823), born and died in Avrig, Sibiu County, was a Transylvanian-born Romanian scholar, the founder of the first Romanian language school - in Bucharest, 1818.	Gheorghe Lazăr	Avrig
place of death	Augusto Aubry (28 April 1849 in Naples -- 4 March 1912 in Taranto, on board Vittorio Emanuele) was an Italian naval officer and politician.	Augusto Aubry	Taranto
place of death	Mario Schifano ( 20 September 1934, Khoms, Libya -- 26 January 1998, Rome, Italy ) was an Italian painter and collagist of the Postmodern tradition.	Mario Schifano	Rome
place of death	Christoph Sonnleithner (28 May 1734 in Szeged, Hungary -- 25 December 1786 in Vienna, Austria) was an Austrian jurist and composer.	Christoph Sonnleithner	Vienna
place of death	Félix Lionnet was a French Painter born at La Châtaigneraie Vendée on December 15, 1832, the son of Félix Lionnet (1797--1842), a goldsmith, and his wife Marthe Clémentine Lebel (1810--1866).	Félix Lionnet	La Châtaigneraie
place of death	Henry Thomas Colebrooke, third son of Sir George Colebrooke, 2nd Baronet, Chairman of the East India Company, and Mary Gaynor of Antigua, was born in London.	Henry Thomas Colebrooke	London
place of death	Diego Osorio de Escobar y Llamas (c. 1608, Coruña, Galicia, Spain -- October 17, 1673, Puebla, New Spain) was Roman Catholic bishop of Puebla (1656--73) and viceroy of New Spain from June 29, 1664 to October 15, 1664.	Diego Osorio de Escobar y Llamas	Puebla
place of death	Ludvík Ráža (3 October 1929, in Mukachevo -- 4 October 2000, in Prague) was a Czechoslovak film director.	Ludvík Ráža	Prague
place of death	Johann Stadlmayr (born perhaps around 1580 probably in Freising; died 1648 in Innsbruck) was a composer and long serving Hofkapellmeister to the Princes of Tirol.	Johann Stadlmayr	Innsbruck
place of death	Walter Künneth (1 January 1901, Etzelwang - 26 October 1997, in Erlangen) was a German Protestant theologian.	Walter Künneth	Erlangen
place of death	Hinrich Braren (31 August 1751, Oldsum -- 4 August 1826, Tönning), later known as Hinrich Brarens, was a Danish sea captain, pilot inspector and nautical examiner.	Hinrich Braren	Tönning
place of death	Netta Muskett (born 1887 in Sevenoaks, Kent, England - d. 29 May 1963 in Putney) was a British writer of more than 60 romance novels from 1927 to 1963, she also wrote under the pseudonym Anne Hill.	Netta Muskett	Putney
place of death	According to recent research, Frederick of Isenberg was a leading figure in the opposition of Westphalian nobles to the aggressive power politics of the Archbishop of Cologne, Engelbert of Berg.	Frederick of Isenberg	Cologne
place of death	Ernst-Robert Grawitz (8 June 1899 -- 24 April 1945) was a German physician (and an SS Reichsarzt) in Nazi Germany during World War II. He was born in Charlottenburg and died in Potsdam-Babelsberg.	Ernst-Robert Grawitz	Babelsberg
place of death	Born in Bucharest, George Pruteanu studied literature at the Universities of Iaşi and Bucharest and, starting in 1972, he wrote various columns for literary magazines such as Convorbiri Literare, Contemporanul, and Cronica.	George Pruteanu	Bucharest
place of death	Floyd M. Riddick died in Santa Fe, New Mexico at age 91, on January 25, 2000.	Floyd M. Riddick	Santa Fe
place of death	Lisa Ullmann (17 June 1907, in Berlin -- 25 January 1985, in Chertsey) was a German-British dance and movement teacher, predominantly remembered for her work in association with dance pioneer Rudolf Laban.	Lisa Ullmann	Chertsey
place of death	Jorge Donn (25 February 1947 in El Palomar, Buenos Aires -- 30 November 1992 in Lausanne, Switzerland), was an Argentine internationally known ballet dancer.	Jorge Donn	Lausanne
place of death	Dominique You or Youx (born Frederic You or Youx, ca. 1775, Sète, France - died November 15, 1830, New Orleans, Louisiana) was a privateer, soldier, and politician.	Dominique You	New Orleans
place of death	Captain James Coutts Crawford died at Liverpool on 10 May 1828, at the age of 67.	James Coutts Crawford	Liverpool
place of death	Martin Bauzer (11 November 1595 -- 23 December 1668), also known as Martin Bavčer (other spellings: Martin Baučer, Martin Bavčar), was a historian from Gorizia who wrote in Latin.	Martin Bauzer	Gorizia
place of death	Urbain Grandier (1590 in Bouère, Mayenne -- 18 August 1634 in Loudun) was a French Catholic priest who was burned at the stake after being convicted of witchcraft, following the events of the so-called ``Loudun Possessions''.	Urbain Grandier	Loudun
place of death	Bartolomeo di Fruosino (1366 or 1369 -- December 7, 1441) was an Italian painter and illuminator of the Florentine School and Renaissance art. Bartolomeo was born, and lived and worked his whole life in Florence.	Bartolomeo di Fruosino	Florence
place of death	Otto Bayer (November 4, 1902 in Frankfurt-- August 1, 1982 in Burscheid) was a German industrial chemist at IG Farben who was head of the research group that discovered the polyaddition for the synthesis of polyurethanes out of polyisocyanate and polyol.	Otto Bayer	Burscheid
place of death	Gustav von Hayek (21 March 1836, Brno -- 11 January 1911, Vienna) was an Austrian naturalist.	Gustav von Hayek	Vienna
place of death	Jan Ciągliński (Russian: Ян (Иван) Францевич Ционглинский, 20 February 1858, Warsaw - 6 January 1913, Saint Petersburg) was a Polish painter who lived in Russia.	Jan Ciągliński	Saint Petersburg
place of death	Leonida Bissolati (Cremona, February 20, 1857 -- Rome, March 6, 1920) was a leading exponent of the Italian socialist movement at the turn of the nineteenth century.	Leonida Bissolati	Rome
place of death	Eliot Butler Willauer, AIA, (April 4, 1912 -- February 6, 1972) was an American architect active in mid-twentieth-century New York City.	Eliot Butler Willauer	New York City
place of death	Oliver Farrar Emerson (born in Traer, Iowa, 24 May 1860; died in Ocala, Florida 13 March 1927) was a United States educator and philologist noted for Chaucer scholarship and his History of the English Language.	Oliver Farrar Emerson	Florida
place of death	Christian van den Queborn (1515, Antwerp -- 1578, Antwerp), was a Flemish Renaissance painter.	Christian van den Queborn	Antwerp
place of death	Luis Lucia Mingarro (24 May 1914, in Valencia -- 12 March 1984, in Madrid) was a Spanish film director and screenwriter.	Luis Lucia	Madrid
place of death	Mary Harris Jones died in Silver Spring, Maryland at age 93 on 30 November 1930.	Mary Harris Jones	Silver Spring
place of death	Heinrich Wilhelm Petersen, known as Heinrich Petersen-Angeln (4 April 1850 in Westerholz -- 23 April 1906 in Angeln, Düsseldorf) was a German painter.	Heinrich Petersen-Angeln	Düsseldorf
place of death	Haroldo de Campos (19 August 1929, São Paulo -- 16 August 2003, São Paulo) was a Brazilian poet, critic, professor and translator.	Haroldo de Campos	São Paulo
place of death	Peter Sharpe (December 10, 1777 in New York City -- August 3, 1842 in Brooklyn, New York) was an American politician who served as a United States Representative from New York.	Peter Sharpe	Brooklyn
place of death	Fritz Eckstein was born on the 27 January 1923 in Schwaikheim, Württemberg to Adolf and Maria Eckstein, he was the first of three children.	Fritz Eckstein	Schwaikheim
place of death	Rudolf Rupec (17 February 1895 in Grubišno polje, Kingdom of Croatia-Slavonia, Austria-Hungary -- 1 July 1983 in Zagreb) was a Croatian footballer who played for the national teams of Austria and the Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes.	Rudolf Rupec	Zagreb
place of death	On March 1, 1856, Sauer finally opened his own business as Wilhelm Sauer, organ builder in Frankfurt (Oder), which grew quickly with temporary branches in Königsberg (1860).	Wilhelm Sauer	Frankfurt (Oder
place of death	Johann Stephan Pütter (25 June 1725, Iserlohn -- 12 August 1807, Göttingen) was a German law lecturer and publicist.	Johann Stephan Pütter	Göttingen
place of death	Haroon Islam was killed on the midnight of 8 July 2007 two days after having been hit by small arms fire while commanding the raid on Lal Masjid in Islamabad.	Haroon Islam	Islamabad
place of death	Paul Chung (5 April 1959 -- 1 September 1989) was a Hong Kong actor, MC (Master of Ceremony) and a DJ in the early 1980s.	Paul Chung	Hong Kong
place of death	Claire Croiza (née Conelly, or O'Connolly) was born in Paris, the daughter of an expatriate American father and an Italian mother, and as a child she excelled at piano and singing.	Claire Croiza	Paris
place of death	Giulio Carmignani (14 September 1813, Parma - 16 January 1890, Parma) was an Italian landscape painter and litterateur.	Giulio Carmignani	Parma
place of death	Lucyna Ćwierczakiewiczowa was born in Warsaw, in the notable family of von Bachman.	Lucyna Ćwierczakiewiczowa	Warsaw
place of death	Jonas Staugaitis ( pronunciation ; May 20, 1868, Omentiškiai, Suwałki Governorate -- January 18, 1952, Kaunas) was the acting President of Lithuania during the December 1926 coup d'état.	Jonas Staugaitis	Kaunas
place of death	Maxwell Starkman (November 17, 1921 -- December 29, 2003) was a Canadian architect based in Los Angeles, California.	Maxwell Starkman	Los Angeles
place of death	Jean-Jacques Waltz (23 February 1873, Colmar - 10 June 1951), also known as ``Oncle Hansi'', or simply ``Hansi'' (``little John'') was a French artist of Alsatian origin.	Jean-Jacques Waltz	Colmar
place of death	Saint Pantaenus the Philosopher (Greek: Πάνταινος; died c. 200) was a Greek theologian and a significant figure in the Catechetical School of Alexandria from around AD 180.	Pantaenus	Alexandria
place of death	Friedrich Hiebel (10 February 1903, Vienna, Austria - 16 October 1989, Dornach, Switzerland) was an Austrian anthroposophist, journalist and writer.	Friedrich Hiebel	Dornach
place of death	Anton Einsle (1801--1871), an Austrian portrait painter, was born at Vienna in 1801.	Anton Einsle	Vienna
place of death	Michel Erhart (c. 1440 to 1445 -- after 1522, Ulm) was a German late Gothic sculptor who lived and worked in Ulm.	Michel Erhart	Ulm
place of death	Charles Anthony Schott (* August 7, 1826 in Mannheim; † July 31, 1901 in Washington, D.C.) was a German-American scientist.	Charles Anthony Schott	Washington, D.C.
place of death	Darcy O'Brien (July 16, 1939, Los Angeles -- March 2, 1998, Tulsa) was an award-winning author of fiction and literary criticism, most well known for his work in the genre of true crime.	Darcy O'Brien	Tulsa
place of death	Faustino Arévalo (23 July 1747 at Campanario, Badajoz in Extremadura, Spain -- 7 January 1824 at Madrid) was a Spanish Jesuit hymnographer and patrologist.	Faustino Arévalo	Madrid
place of death	Georg Ludwig Walch (8 May 1785, Jena -- 21 January 1838, Greifswald) was a German classical philologist largely known for his edition and analysis of works by the Roman historian Tacitus.	Georg Ludwig Walch	Greifswald
place of death	Eduardo Schaerer Vera y Aragón (December 2, 1873 in Caazapá -- November 12, 1941 in Buenos Aires) was a Swiss-Paraguayan businessman, publisher, and Liberal politician.	Eduardo Schaerer	Buenos Aires
place of death	During the early 1900s, Rodolphe Forget with his uncle Louis-Joseph Forget and Forget family investments controlled the very important Montreal Light, Heat & Power Company.	Rodolphe Forget	Montreal
place of death	Karl Weule (29 February 1864, Alt-Wallmoden -- 19 April 1926, Leipzig) was a German geographer and ethnologist.	Karl Weule	Leipzig
place of death	Manuel Benjamín Carrión Mora (April 20, 1897 in Loja -- March 9, 1979 in Quito) was an Ecuadorian writer, diplomat and cultural promoter.	Benjamín Carrión	Loja
place of death	Since 1967, Vasko Lipovac lived and worked in Split, Croatia, where the Mediterranean climate inspired him to fulfill his poetic vision, and to create numerous works.	Vasko Lipovac	Split
place of death	Alessandro Araldi (c. 1460 -- c. 1529) was an Italian painter of the Renaissance, active mainly in Parma.	Alessandro Araldi	Parma
place of death	Gaston Godel (19 August 1914 in Givisiez − 17 February 2004 in Domdidier) was a Swiss race walker.	Gaston Godel	Domdidier
place of death	Sebastiano Buzzin (December 24, 1929 in Cormons -- December 17, 2007 in Locarno, Switzerland) was an Italian professional football player and coach.	Sebastiano Buzzin	Locarno
place of death	Gaetano Martino was one of the participants of the Messina Conference in 1955, which would lead to the Treaty of Rome in 1957.	Gaetano Martino	Rome
place of death	Camillo Rapetti (1859, Milan -- 1929) was an Italian painter.	Camillo Rapetti	Milan
place of death	Aquiles Nazoa (Caracas, 17 May 1920 - 26 April 1976) was a Venezuelan writer, journalist, poet and humorist.	Aquiles Nazoa	Caracas
place of death	Arthur Constantin Krebs (16 November 1850 in Vesoul, France -- 22 March 1935 in Quimperlé, France) was a French officer and pioneer in automotive engineering.	Arthur Constantin Krebs	Quimperlé
place of death	Luigi Griffanti (born in Turbigo, Milan, 20 April 1917 -- died in Florence, 2 May 2006) was an Italian footballer.	Luigi Griffanti	Florence
place of death	Odoardo Tabacchi (Valganna, December 19, 1836- Milan, March 23, 1905) was an Italian sculptor.	Odoardo Tabacchi	Milan
place of death	Bill Ladbury was killed in action in France in June 1917.	Bill Ladbury	France
place of death	Georges Saupique was a French sculptor born on 27 January 1880 in Paris.	Georges Saupique	Paris
place of death	Veit Brecher Wittrock (5 May 1839, district of Dalsland -- 1 September 1914, Stockholm) was a Swedish botanist known for his work in the field of phycology and for his research of the genus Viola.	Veit Brecher Wittrock	Stockholm
place of death	Saint Prosdocimus (Prosdecimus) of Padua (Italian: Prosdocimo, German: Prosdozimus) (d. November 7, ca. 100 AD) is venerated as the first bishop of Padua.	Prosdocimus	Padua
place of death	Nora Gordon (29 November 1893, West Hartlepool, County Durham -- 11 May 1970, London) was a British film and television actress.	Nora Gordon	London
place of death	Luigi Caponaro (Salerno, 14 August 1567 -- Gaeta, 1622) was a healer in Naples and Gaeta, Italy in the late 16th and early 17th centuries.	Luigi Caponaro	Gaeta
place of death	Philemon Dickinson (April 5, 1739 -- February 4, 1809) was an American lawyer and politician from Trenton, New Jersey.	Philemon Dickinson	Trenton
place of death	Jaime Sabartés Gual (Catalan: Jaume Sabartés i Gual), born Barcelona 10 June 1881 died Paris 12 February 1968, was a Catalan Spanish artist, poet and writer.	Jaime Sabartés	Paris
position held	William E. Jordan (September 10, 1883 -- ? ) was a stenographer and bricklayer from Milwaukee, Wisconsin who served three terms as a Socialist member of the Wisconsin State Assembly representing the 11th Milwaukee County district (11th and 23rd wards of the City of Milwaukee).	William E. Jordan	member of the Wisconsin State Assembly
position held	Stephen Joseph Reichert (May 14, 1943) is a Roman Catholic archbishop.	Stephen Joseph Reichert	archbishop
position held	James E. Burke (February 28, 1925 -- September 28, 2012) was the chief executive officer (CEO) of Johnson & Johnson from 1976 to 1989, a company for which he worked forty years.	James E. Burke	chief executive officer
position held	Gavin Rajah has been appointed by the United Nations as a UNICEF Goodwill Ambassador.	Gavin Rajah	UNICEF Goodwill Ambassador
position held	Celso Torrelio Villa (June 3, 1933, Chuquisaca, Bolivia -- April 23, 1999, La Paz) was a military general, a member of the Junta of Commanders of the Armed Forces (1981), and de facto President of Bolivia between September 1981 and August 1982.	Celso Torrelio	President of Bolivia
position held	Joshua G. Newbold (May 12, 1830, Fayette County, Pennsylvania -- June 10, 1903, Mount Pleasant, Iowa) was the tenth Governor of Iowa.	Joshua G. Newbold	Governor of Iowa
position held	Dunja Mijatović (Bosnia and Herzegovina) is an expert on media law and media regulation, who from 2010 to 2016 served as the OSCE Representative on Freedom of the Media (RFoM)	Dunja Mijatović	OSCE Representative on Freedom of the Media
position held	Antoine de Montazet (17 August 1713, Laugnac -- 2 May 1788) was a French theologian, of Jansenist tendencies, who became bishop of Autun and archbishop of Lyon.	Antoine de Montazet	archbishop
position held	Domenico Michele was the 35th Doge of Venice.	Domenico Michele	Doge of Venice
position held	The Reverend Dr Nevil Maskelyne FRS (6 October 1732 -- 9 February 1811) was the fifth British Astronomer Royal.	Nevil Maskelyne	Astronomer Royal
position held	Bidhya Devi Bhandari (Nepali: विद्या देवी भण्डारी; born 19 June 1961) is the second and current President of Nepal, elected in 2015.	Bidhya Devi Bhandari	President of Nepal
position held	Carlos Prío Socarrás (July 14, 1903 -- April 5, 1977) was the President of Cuba from 1948 until he was deposed by a military coup led by Fulgencio Batista on March 10, 1952, three months before new elections were to be held.	Carlos Prío Socarrás	President of Cuba
position held	Dr. Kristján Eldjárn (Icelandic pronunciation: (ˈkʰrɪstjaun ˈɛltjaurtn̥); 6 December 1916 -- 14 September 1982) was the third President of Iceland, from 1968 to 1980.	Kristján Eldjárn	President of Iceland
position held	Khakaure Senusret III (also written as Senwosret III or the hellenised form Sesostris III) was a pharaoh of Egypt.	Senusret III	pharaoh
position held	Enrico Letta (pronounced (enˌriːko ˈlɛtta); born 20 August 1966) is an Italian politician who was Prime Minister of Italy from 2013 to 2014, leading a grand coalition comprising the centre-left Democratic Party, the centre-right People of Freedom, and the centrist Civic Choice.	Enrico Letta	Prime Minister of Italy
position held	Maria Spyraki (Greek: Μαρία Σπυράκη; born September 11, 1965) is a Greek journalist, politician and a member of the European Parliament for New Democracy.	Maria Spyraki	member of the European Parliament
position held	Matthijs van Miltenburg (born 2 April 1972) is a Dutch politician, he has been a member of the European Parliament for the Democrats 66 representing the Netherlands since July 2014.	Matthijs van Miltenburg	member of the European Parliament
position held	The Right Reverend Benedict Joseph Flaget, S.S., (November 7, 1763 -- February 11, 1850) was a French-born Catholic bishop in the United States.	Benedict Joseph Flaget	bishop
position held	Roger L. Eddy (born 1958) is a former Republican member of the Illinois House of Representatives, representing the 109th district from 2003 to 2012.	Roger L. Eddy	member of the Illinois House of Representatives
position held	Louis-André Pichon (November 3, 1771 Nantes-1854) was a French diplomat, and French ambassador to the United States, particularly during the Louisiana Purchase.	Louis-André Pichon	ambassador
position held	William Placid Morris OSB (29 September 1794 -- 18 February 1872) was a London-born Roman Catholic bishop.	William Placid Morris	bishop
position held	Juan Sandoval Íñiguez (born 28 March 1933 in Yahualica de González Gallo, Jalisco, Mexico) is a cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church, and served as Archbishop of Guadalajara.	Juan Sandoval Íñiguez	cardinal
position held	Ann Hraychuck is a former Democratic Party member of the Wisconsin State Assembly, representing the 28th Assembly District from her 2006 election until 2010.	Ann Hraychuck	member of the Wisconsin State Assembly
position held	Louis André (28 March 1838, Nuits-Saint-Georges, Côte-d'Or -- 18 March 1913) was France's Minister of War from 1900 until 1904.	Louis André	Minister of War
position held	Sir Reginald Bray KG (c. 1440 -- 24 June 1503) was the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster under Henry VII, English courtier, and architect of the Henry VII Lady Chapel in Westminster Abbey.	Reginald Bray	Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster
position held	Joseph Alston (1779 -- September 19, 1816) was the 44th Governor of South Carolina from 1812 to 1814.	Joseph Alston	Governor of South Carolina
position held	Victor-Félix Bernadou (June 25, 1816 -- November 15, 1891) was a French cardinal, since 1867 archbishop of Sens. Born in Castres, he was ordained to the Priesthood on December 19, 1840.	Victor-Félix Bernadou	cardinal	archbishop
position held	Oswald West (May 20, 1873 -- August 22, 1960) was an American politician, a Democrat, who served most notably as the 14th Governor of Oregon.	Oswald West	Governor of Oregon
position held	Rita Fan Hsu Lai-tai, GBM, GBS, CBE, JP (born 20 September 1945 in Shanghai, China) was the President of the Legislative Council of Hong Kong (LegCo) after the transfer of sovereignty from the United Kingdom in 1997.	Rita Fan	President of the Legislative Council of Hong Kong
position held	Jean-Nicolas Nissage Saget (1810--1880) succeeded Sylvain Salnave as President of Haiti in 1869.	Nissage Saget	President of Haiti
position held	Neferkara I (also Neferka and, alternatively, Aaka) is the cartouche name of a king (pharaoh) who is said to have ruled during the 2nd dynasty of Ancient Egypt.	Neferkara I	pharaoh
position held	Heidi Victoria (born 12 October 1967) is a member of the Victorian Legislative Assembly representing Bayswater for the Liberal Party of Australia.	Heidi Victoria	member of the Victorian Legislative Assembly
position held	Gerhard Schaffran (* 4 July 1912 in Leschnitz, Oberschlesien; † 4. March 1996 in Dresden) was Papal consistory and Auxiliary bishop of Görlitz, Capitulary vicar of Breslau for the see of Görlitz and Bishop of Dresden-Meissen.	Gerhard Schaffran	bishop
position held	Amandus (c. 584 -- 675), commonly called Saint Amand, was a bishop of Tongeren-Maastricht and one of the great Christian missionaries of Flanders.	Amandus	bishop
position held	Joanne Huelsman (born March 21, 1938) is a former member of the Wisconsin State Assembly and the Wisconsin State Senate.	Joanne Huelsman	member of the Wisconsin State Assembly
position held	Damian Zimoń (born 25 October 1934) is metropolitan archbishop emeritus of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Katowice.	Damian Zimoń	archbishop
position held	Mike Kernell (born December 20, 1951, in Memphis, Tennessee) is a former member of the Tennessee House of Representatives, 1975-2012.	Mike Kernell	member of the Tennessee House of Representatives
position held	Alexander Porter (June 24, 1785 -- January 13, 1844) was an attorney, politician and planter in the United States, who served as United States Senator from Louisiana, serving 1833 to 1837.	Alexander Porter	United States Senator
position held	David Bjornson (born 7 July 1947 in Selkirk, Manitoba) was a member of the House of Commons of Canada from 1988 to 1993, serving in the 34th Canadian Parliament for the Progressive Conservative party in the Selkirk riding.	David Bjornson	member of the House of Commons of Canada
position held	Remaclus served as abbot of Stavelot and Malmedy.	Remaclus	abbot
position held	Thomas John Francis Strickland, known as Abbé Strickland (1679? -- 1740) was an English Roman Catholic bishop of Namur and doctor of the Sorbonne.	Thomas John Francis Strickland	bishop
position held	Janez Frančišek Gnidovec, C.M. (29 September 1873 -- 3 February 1939), was a Slovenian Roman Catholic bishop who served as the Bishop of Skopje.	Janez Frančišek Gnidovec	bishop
position held	Saint Sturm (c. 705 -- 17 December 779), also called Sturmius or Sturmi, was a disciple of Saint Boniface and founder and first abbot of the Benedictine monastery and abbey of Fulda in 742 or 744.	Saint Sturm	abbot
position held	Zack Milkovich is a former member of the Ohio House of Representatives, serving the Thirty Fifth District from 2011 to 2014 and representing the City of Barberton and portions of Akron, Ohio.	Zack Milkovich	member of the Ohio House of Representatives
position held	Paulin Kouabénan N'Gnamé (12 May 1962 − 21 March 2008) was a Ivorian Roman Catholic bishop.	Paulin Kouabénan N'Gnamé	bishop
position held	Abbas Benedictus (died 1194) was abbot of Peterborough.	Abbas Benedictus	abbot
position held	Mahmoud Ahmadinejad (Persian: محمود احمدی‌نژاد‎‎, Mahmūd Ahmadinezhād (mæhmuːd(-e) æhmædiːneʒɒːd), born 28 October 1956) is an Iranian politician who was the sixth President of Iran from 2005 to 2013.	Mahmoud Ahmadinejad	President of Iran
position held	Abu'l Muzaffar Muin ud-din Muhammad Shah Farrukh-siyar Alim Akbar Sani Wala Shan Padshah-i-bahr-u-bar (Shahid-i-Mazlum) (or Farrukhsiyar, 20 August 1685 -- 19 April 1719) was the Mughal emperor between 1713 and 1719, after murdering Jahandar Shah.	Farrukhsiyar	Mughal emperor
position held	Gabriel Urralburu Tainta (born 6 November 1950) is a Spanish politician and former President of Navarre between 1984 and 1991.	Gabriel Urralburu	President of Navarre
position held	Jean-Paul Fournier (born 16 October 1945) is a French politician and a member of the Senate of France and mayor of Nimes.	Jean-Paul Fournier	member of the Senate of France
position held	Francesco Scipione Maria Borghese (20 May 1697, Rome -- 21 June 1759, Rome) was an Italian cardinal from the Borghese family.	Francesco Scipione Maria Borghese	cardinal
position held	Joseph Emile Harley (September 14, 1880 -- February 27, 1942) was the 100th Governor of South Carolina from 1941 to 1942 and a member of the ``Barnwell Ring.''	Joseph Emile Harley	Governor of South Carolina
position held	Saint Wandregisel (French: Wandrille) (c. 605--668 AD) was a Frankish courtier, monk, and abbot.	Wandregisel	abbot
position held	Nazzareno Marconi (born 12 February 1958) is the bishop of Macerata-Tolentino-Recanati-Cingoli-Treia.	Nazzareno Marconi	bishop
position held	William Cary Renfrow (March 15, 1845 -- January 31, 1922) was a Confederate soldier in the American Civil War and Democratic 3rd Governor of Oklahoma Territory.	William Cary Renfrow	Governor of Oklahoma
position held	Daniel Manning (May 16, 1831 -- December 24, 1887) was an American businessman, journalist, and politician most notable for having served as the 37th United States Secretary of the Treasury.	Daniel Manning	United States Secretary of the Treasury
position held	Will Tallman is an American politician and current member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives.	Will Tallman	member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives
position held	John M. Sell (October 9, 1862 -- September 1930) was a house painter, interior decorator and trade union activist from Milwaukee, Wisconsin who served one term as a Socialist member of the Wisconsin State Assembly.	John M. Sell	member of the Wisconsin State Assembly
position held	Mary Hanafin (born 1 June 1959) is an Irish Fianna Fáil politician who was a Teachta Dála (TD) for Dún Laoghaire from 1997 to 2011.	Mary Hanafin	Fianna Fáil
position held	Æthelhard (also Ethelhard, Æthilheard, Aethelheard or Ethelheard; died 12 May 805) was a Bishop of Winchester then an Archbishop of Canterbury in medieval England.	Æthelhard	Archbishop of Canterbury
position held	Johannes Gerhardus Strijdom, (also spelled Strydom) commonly called JG Strydom or Hans Strydom (14 July 1893 -- 24 August 1958), nicknamed the Lion of the North, was Prime Minister of South Africa from 30 November 1954 to 24 August 1958.	Johannes Gerhardus Strijdom	Prime Minister of South Africa
position held	Stigand (Latin: Stigantus; died 1072) was an Anglo-Saxon churchman in pre-Norman Conquest England who became Archbishop of Canterbury.	Stigand	Archbishop of Canterbury
position held	Dom Rosendo Salvado Rotea OSB (1 March 1814 -- 29 December 1900) was a Spanish Benedictine monk, missionary, bishop, author, founder and first Abbot of the Territorial Abbey of New Norcia, in Western Australia.	Rosendo Salvado	bishop
position held	Pope Innocent X (Latin: Innocentius X; 6 May 1574 -- 7 January 1655), born Giovanni Battista Pamphilj (or Pamphili), was pope from 15 September 1644 to his death in 1655.	Pope Innocent X	pope
position held	Ælfric Puttoc (/ˈælfrɪk ˈpʌtək/; Old English: Ælfrīc Puttoc; died 22 January 1051), sometimes modernised Alfric Puttock, was a medieval Archbishop of York and Bishop of Worcester.	Ælfric Puttoc	Archbishop of York
position held	Anthony Francis Mestice (December 6, 1923 -- April 30, 2011) served as the Roman Catholic auxiliary bishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York and titular bishop of Villa Nova.	Anthony Francis Mestice	bishop
position held	Jim Tolson (born 26 May 1965) is a Scottish Liberal Democrat politician, and a former Member of the Scottish Parliament for Dunfermline West.	Jim Tolson	Member of the Scottish Parliament
position held	J. William Lincoln (born October 27, 1940) is a former member of the Pennsylvania State Senate, serving from 1979 to 1994.	J. William Lincoln	member of the Pennsylvania State Senate
position held	Gilbert Foliot (c. 1110 -- 18 February 1187) was a medieval English monk and prelate, successively Abbot of Gloucester, Bishop of Hereford and Bishop of London.	Gilbert Foliot	Bishop of Hereford	Bishop of London
position held	Erastus Brooks was a member of the New York State Senate (6th D.), first elected as a Whig, from 1854 to 1857, sitting in the 77th, 78th, 79th and 80th New York State Legislatures.	Erastus Brooks	member of the New York State Senate
position held	Saint Winwaloe (Breton: Gwenole; French: Guénolé; Latin: Winwallus or Winwalœus; c. 460 -- 3 March 532) was the founder and first abbot of Landévennec Abbey (literally ``Lann of Venec''), also known as the Monastery of Winwaloe.	Winwaloe	abbot
position held	François Gaudreau (born February 17, 1957 in Montreal, Quebec) is a Canadian politician and was the Action démocratique du Québec Member of the National Assembly for the electoral district of Vimont from 2002 to 2003.	François Gaudreau	Member of the National Assembly
position held	Stefanos Dragoumis (Greek: Στέφανος Δραγούμης; 1842 in Athens -- September 17, 1923 in Athens) was a judge, writer and Prime Minister of Greece from January to October 1910.	Stefanos Dragoumis	Prime Minister of Greece
position held	Dennis Feickert (born June 19, 1948 in Aberdeen, South Dakota) is an American politician and a Democratic member of the South Dakota House of Representatives representing District 1 since January 11, 2013.	Dennis Feickert	member of the South Dakota House of Representatives
position held	James Harold Wilson, Baron Wilson of Rievaulx, KG, OBE, PC, FRS, (11 March 1916 -- 24 May 1995) was a British Labour Party politician who served as the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom from 1964 to 1970 and 1974 to 1976.	Harold Wilson	Prime Minister of the United Kingdom
position held	Constantin Angelescu (1870--1948) was a Romanian politician who served as an interim Prime Minister of Romania for five days, between 30 December 1933 and 3 January 1934.	Constantin Angelescu	Prime Minister of Romania
position held	Jeronim Mileta (April 17, 1871 in Šibenik - November 23, 1947 in Šibenik) was a Roman Catholic friar who became the bishop of the Diocese of Šibenik in 1922.	Jeronim Mileta	bishop
position held	Sir Philip Euen Mitchell (1 May 1890 -- 11 October 1964) was a British Colonial administrator who served as Governor of Uganda (1935--1940), Governor of Fiji (1942--1944) and Governor of Kenya (1944--1952).	Philip Euen Mitchell	Governor of Fiji
position held	Maria Domenica Michelotti, (born 8 October 1952 in Bourg-Saint-Maurice, France), served as a Captain Regent of San Marino from 1 April 2000 to 1 October 2000.	Maria Domenica Michelotti	Captain Regent of San Marino
position held	Geremia Bonomelli (1831--1914) was the bishop of the diocese of Cremona in the late years of the 19th century and first years of the 20th century.	Geremia Bonomelli	bishop
position held	Arthur Fenner (December 10, 1745 -- October 15, 1805) served as the fourth Governor of Rhode Island from 1790 until his death in 1805.	Arthur Fenner	Governor of Rhode Island
position held	Joseph Augustine Di Noia, O.P., (born July 10, 1943) is an American member of the Dominican Order who is a Roman Catholic archbishop and theologian.	Joseph Augustine Di Noia	archbishop
position held	Betty Ireland (born 1946) was the 28th Secretary of State of West Virginia from 2005-2009, serving as the first woman elected to the executive branch of West Virginia state government.	Betty Ireland	Secretary of State of West Virginia
position held	Rainald of Dassel (c. 1120 -- 14 August 1167 near Rome) was archbishop of Cologne from 1159 to 1167 and archchancellor of Italy.	Rainald of Dassel	archbishop
position held	Giovanni Dandolo was the 48th Doge of Venice, elected on 31 March 1280, died on 2 November 1289.	Giovanni Dandolo	Doge of Venice
position held	Ormanno Tedici was an abbot and Italian politician.	Ormanno Tedici	abbot
position held	A reconsideration of this new archaeological evidence would remove several arguments usually advanced in support of a short reign: namely the absence of a tomb that can be assigned to Thutmose II, the absence of a funerary temple and the lack of any major works undertaken by this pharaoh.	Thutmose II	pharaoh
position held	Norman L. Eisen (born November 11, 1960) is the former United States Ambassador to the Czech Republic.	Norman L. Eisen	United States Ambassador to the Czech Republic
position held	Godfrey of Amiens (French: Geoffroy d'Amiens) (1066--1115) was a bishop of Amiens.	Godfrey of Amiens	bishop
position held	Heyno Gottschalk († 1541 in Oldenstadt) was from 1506 to 1531 the last abbot of the Benedictine abbey of Oldenstadt.	Heyno Gottschalk	abbot
position held	Jarrod Martin is a former Republican member of the Ohio House of Representatives, serving the Seventieth District since 2009.	Jarrod Martin	member of the Ohio House of Representatives
position held	Lucius Hre Kung (born 4 February 1959) is a Burmese Roman Catholic bishop.	Lucius Hre Kung	bishop
position held	Sekhemre Wadjkhaw Sobekemsaf I was a pharaoh of Egypt during the 17th Dynasty.	Sobekemsaf I	pharaoh
position held	Mame Madior Boye (born 1940) was Prime Minister of Senegal from 2001 to 2002.	Mame Madior Boye	Prime Minister of Senegal
position held	Niels Henrik Arendt (23 September 1950 -- 24 August 2015) was a Danish Church of Denmark prelate and the bishop of Haderslev from 1999 to 2013.	Niels Henrik Arendt	bishop
position held	Cesare Nosiglia (born 5 October 1944) has been the archbishop of Turin since his appointment by Pope Benedict XVI on 11 October 2010.	Cesare Nosiglia	archbishop
position held	Jean-Luc Dehaene (Dutch: (ʒɑ̃ːˈlyk dəˈɦaːnə); 7 August 1940 -- 15 May 2014) was a Belgian politician who served as Prime Minister of Belgium from 1992 until 1999.	Jean-Luc Dehaene	Prime Minister of Belgium
position held	Anaxandridas I (Greek: Ἀναξανδρίδας) (reigned from c. 675 to c. 645 BC) was king of Sparta and a member of the Eurypontid dynasty.	Anaxandridas I	king of Sparta
position held	Vima Takto or Vima Taktu was a Kushan emperor reigned c. 80--90 CE.	Vima Takto	emperor
position held	Woseribre Senebkay (alternatively Seneb Kay) was an ancient Egyptian pharaoh during the Second Intermediate Period.	Senebkay	pharaoh
position held	Sir Roger Gifford (born 3 August 1955) is a London banker and was 685th Lord Mayor of London (2012-13).	Roger Gifford	Lord Mayor of London
position held	Josip Stadler (24 January 1843 -- 8 December 1918) was a Croatian priest, the first modern archbishop of Vrhbosna and the founder of the religious order of the Servants of the Infant Jesus (Croatian: Služavke Maloga Isusa).	Josip Stadler	archbishop
position held	Carlos Roberto Reina Idiáquez (March 13, 1926 -- August 19, 2003) was a politician of the Liberal Party of Honduras, and President of Honduras from January 27, 1994 to January 27, 1998.	Carlos Roberto Reina	President of Honduras
position held	James Harrison Oliver (1857 -- April 6, 1928) was a Rear Admiral and member of the Naval Board of Strategy during World War I. He was also the first military Governor of the United States Virgin Islands from 1917 to 1919.	James Harrison Oliver	Governor of the United States Virgin Islands
position held	Gaius Vibius Pansa Caetronianus (died 23 April 43 BC) was consul of the Roman Republic in 43 BC. Although supporting Gaius Julius Caesar during the Civil War, he pushed for the restoration of the Republic upon Caesar's death.	Gaius Vibius Pansa Caetronianus	consul of the Roman Republic
position held	François Denys Légitime (November 20, 1841 -- July 29, 1935) was a Haitian general who served as President of Haiti from 1888 to 1889.	François Denys Légitime	President of Haiti
position held	Willibrord Benzler OSB (16 October 1853 -- 16 April 1921) was the Roman Catholic Bishop of Metz from 1901 to 1919.	Willibrord Benzler	Bishop of Metz
position held	Donald W. Fox (born May 28, 1922) is a former member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives, representing Lawrence County, Pennsylvania from 1957 until 1969, when he was elected to represent the 10th legislative district in Lawrence County, Pennsylvania.	Donald W. Fox	member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives
position held	Tom Heydinger (August 24, 1940 -- July 10, 2012) was a former judge and Democratic member of the Ohio House of Representatives who represented the 58th District briefly in 2008.	Tom Heydinger	member of the Ohio House of Representatives
position held	Warren Garst (December 4, 1850 -- October 5, 1924) was an American politician, Iowa State Senator, a member of the Republican Party, the 21st Lieutenant Governor, and the 19th Governor of Iowa.	Warren Garst	Governor of Iowa
position held	Alfredo Stroessner Matiauda (Spanish pronunciation: (alˈfreðo strosˈner); November 3, 1912 -- August 16, 2006) was a Paraguayan military officer who served as President of Paraguay from 1954 to 1989.	Alfredo Stroessner	President of Paraguay
position held	Jean-Damascène Bizimana (born 1970s) is a Rwandan diplomat and the former ambassador of Rwanda to the United Nations.	Jean-Damascène Bizimana	ambassador
position held	Saint Eugendus (also Augendus; French: Oyand, Oyan; c. 449 -- January 1, 510) was the fourth abbot of Condat Abbey, at Saint-Claude, Jura.	Eugendus	abbot
position held	Xenophon Zolotas (Greek: Ξενοφών Ζολώτας, 26 March 1904 -- 10 June 2004) was a Greek economist and served as an interim non-party Prime Minister of Greece.	Xenophon Zolotas	Prime Minister of Greece
position held	The Venerable Bede, in his Ecclesiastical History, describes St Hybald as a ``most holy and continent man who was an abbot in Lindsey''.	Hybald	abbot
position held	Auxentius of Milan or of Cappadocia (fl. c. 355 -- 374), was an Arian theologian and bishop of Milan.	Auxentius of Milan	bishop
position held	François C. Antoine Simon (aka Antoine Simon) (1843--1923) was President of Haiti from 6 December 1908 to 3 August 1911.	François C. Antoine Simon	President of Haiti
position held	Kan Fook-yee, GBS (born 14 June 1936, Hong Kong) was the member of the Provisional Legislative Council.	Kan Fook-yee	member of the Provisional Legislative Council
position held	Lary J. Swoboda, Ph.D (May 28, 1939 -- November 25, 2012) was a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly.	Lary J. Swoboda	member of the Wisconsin State Assembly
position held	Louis-Constant Fleming (born 1 December 1946) is a member of the Senate of France, representing the island of Saint-Martin.He was born on the Dutch Side of the island which is Sint Maarten,there he attended primary school, he later left the island and went on to Canada.	Louis-Constant Fleming	member of the Senate of France
position held	Adalbero I of Metz (? - (?)26 April 962) was an important member of the clergy during the middle years of the tenth century, serving as Bishop of Metz from 929 till 954.	Adalbero I of Metz	Bishop of Metz
position held	Peter Li Hongye (1920 -- April 23, 2011) was a Roman Catholic bishop from China.	Peter Li Hongye	bishop
position held	Ingjald illråde or Ingjaldr hinn illráði (Ingold Ill-ruler or Ill-ready) was a legendary Swedish king of the House of Ynglings.	Ingjald	king
position held	Yvon Brochu (born April 25, 1944) was a politician in Quebec, Canada, and a Member of the National Assembly of Quebec (MNA).	Yvon Brochu	Member of the National Assembly
position held	Neferkare Pepiseneb (also Neferkare Khered Seneb and Neferkare VI) was an ancient Egyptian pharaoh of the 7th/8th Dynasty during the early First Intermediate Period (2181--2055 BC).	Neferkare Pepiseneb	pharaoh
position held	William Nelson Runyon (March 5, 1871 -- November 9, 1931) was a Republican who served as Acting Governor of New Jersey from 1919 to 1920.	William Nelson Runyon	Governor of New Jersey
position held	Francis Xavier Roque (born October 9, 1928) is an American Roman Catholic bishop who served the Archdiocese for the Military Services.	Francis Xavier Roque	bishop
position held	Guala Bicchieri (c. 1150 -- 1227) was an Italian diplomat and papal official, and cardinal.	Guala Bicchieri	cardinal
position held	George Sheltz was consecrated auxiliary bishop of the Archdiocese of Galveston-Houston on May 2, 2012.	George Sheltz	bishop
position held	Iuliu Hossu (30 January 1885 - 28 May 1970) was a Romanian Greek-Catholic bishop of the Cluj-Gherla Diocese and later cardinal (never functioning) and victim of the Communist regime.	Iuliu Hossu	cardinal
position held	Piero Marini (born 13 January 1942) is a Roman Catholic archbishop who is president of the Pontifical Committee for International Eucharistic Congresses.	Piero Marini	archbishop
position held	Philip Joseph Garrigan (September 8, 1840 -- October 14, 1919) was an Irish-born prelate of the Roman Catholic Church who served as the first bishop of the Diocese of Sioux City, Iowa from 1902 to 1919.	Philip Joseph Garrigan	bishop
position held	The box packaging features the cover of the Marvel Comics issue where Grimlock was proclaimed king.	Grimlock	king
position held	Pandion II was the eighth king of Athens in the traditional line of succession as given by the third century BC Parian Chronicle, the chronographer Castor of Rhodes (probably from the late third-century Eratosthenes) and the Bibliotheca.	Pandion II	king
position held	Devendra Fadnavis (Marathi: देवेंद्र फडणवीस, born 22 July 1970) is the 18th and current Chief Minister of Maharashtra state in India.	Devendra Fadnavis	Chief Minister of Maharashtra
position held	Jude Speyrer (April 14, 1929 -- July 21, 2013) D.D., was an American prelate of the Roman Catholic Church who served as the first bishop of the Diocese of Lake Charles, Louisiana.	Jude Speyrer	bishop
position held	William de Wickwane (died 1285) was Archbishop of York, between the years 1279 and 1285.	William de Wickwane	Archbishop of York
position held	Celso Benigno Luigi Costantini (3 April 1876 -- 17 October 1958) was an Italian Roman Catholic cardinal who served as the Apostolic Chancellor from 1954 until his death;	Celso Benigno Luigi Costantini	cardinal
position held	Benedict of Sausetun (or Benedict of Sawston) was a medieval Bishop of Rochester.	Benedict of Sausetun	Bishop of Rochester
position held	Anne Gonzales (born August 12, 1963) is a member of the Ohio House of Representatives, representing the Nineteenth District since 2011.	Anne Gonzales	member of the Ohio House of Representatives
position played on team / speciality	Triantafyllos Machairidis (Greek: Τριαντάφυλλος Μαχαιρίδης; born 10 November 1973), is a former Greek professional footballer who played as a defensive midfielder.	Triantafyllos Machairidis	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Gerasimos Fylaktou (born 24 July 1991) (Greek: Γεράσιμος Φυλακτού) is a Cypriot footballer player who plays as a central midfielder for Omonia.	Gerasimos Fylaktou	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	James John Stewart Imlach (6 January 1932 -- 7 October 2001) was a Scottish professional footballer who played as a left-winger for numerous clubs in England.	Stewart Imlach	winger
position played on team / speciality	Damla Çoban (born December 27, 1996) is a Turkish women's football forward currently playing as captain for Ataşehir Belediyespor with jersey number 96.	Damla Çoban	forward
position played on team / speciality	Rémi Pillot (born 27 July 1990 in Besançon) is a French footballer who currently plays as a goalkeeper for Belgian side K.V. Kortrijk.	Rémi Pillot	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Jonathon Woods (born 1889, date of death unknown) was an English professional footballer who played as a forward.	Jonathon Woods	forward
position played on team / speciality	John Leah (born 3 August 1978 in Shrewsbury) is an English footballer who currently plays as a midfielder.	John Leah	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Grigor Topalli (born 1 November 1992 in Korçë) is an Albanian professional footballer who currently plays for Albanian Superliga champions Skënderbeu Korçë as a forward.	Grigor Topalli	forward
position played on team / speciality	William George Marks (9 April 1915 -- 22 January 1998) was an English association football player, who played as a goalkeeper.	George Marks	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Elena Porosniuc (a.k.a. Porozhnyuk) is a Moldovan football defender, currently playing for Kubanochka Krasnodar in the Russian Championship.	Elena Porosniuc	defender
position played on team / speciality	Frank Banda (born 12 January 1991) is an Malawian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder.	Frank Banda	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Nuno Claro Simões Coimbra (born 7 January 1977), known as Claro, is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper.	Nuno Claro	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Ohad Cohen (Hebrew: אוהד כהן‎; born 10 June 1975) is an Israeli footballer player who plays in the goalkeeper position for Hapoel Kfar Saba.	Ohad Cohen	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Dan-Ola Eckerman (born 26 March 1963 in Turku, died 25 May 1994 in Turku) was a Finnish football goalkeeper.	Dan-Ola Eckerman	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Ross Paule (born April 4, 1976) is an American former soccer midfielder, who last played for the Columbus Crew of Major League Soccer.	Ross Paule	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Antonis Rikka (Greek: Αντώνης Ρίκκα; born 3 March 1986 in Marseille) is a Greek football player currently playing for AO Chania in the Football League (Greece) as a defensive midfielder.	Antonis Rikka	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Iacopo Balestri (born 21 June 1975) is an Italian footballer who plays for Serie B team Salernitana in the role of a defender.	Iacopo Balestri	defender
position played on team / speciality	Claudinei dos Santos Oliveira, better known as Claudinei Oliveira (born 29 September 1969 in Santos), is a Brazilian retired footballer who played as a goalkeeper, and a current manager.	Claudinei Oliveira	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Josip Magdić (born 19 December 1985) is a footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for the Australian club Melbourne Knights.	Josip Magdić	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Jean-Alain Boumsong-Somkong (born 14 December 1979) is a professional football defender, and former French international.	Jean-Alain Boumsong	defender
position played on team / speciality	Walerian Kisieliński (March 1, 1907 in Brzezinka -- February 19, 1988 in Warsaw) was a Polish soccer forward, who capped seven times for the national team of Poland (1931--1937), scoring 2 goals.	Walerian Kisieliński	forward
position played on team / speciality	Paul Gause played for the Seton Hall Pirates men's basketball team as either the point guard or shooting guard.	Paul Gause	point guard
position played on team / speciality	Iliyan Yordanov (Bulgarian: Илиян Йорданов; born 3 April 1989) is a Bulgarian professional footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for Serbian SuperLiga club Borac Čačak.	Iliyan Yordanov	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Luke McGrath is an Irish rugby union player for Leinster Rugby.His preferred position is scrum-half.	Luke McGrath	scrum-half
position played on team / speciality	Linden Rowat (born June 27, 1989) is a Canadian major junior ice hockey goaltender.	Linden Rowat	goaltender
position played on team / speciality	Hairul Nizam Hanif (born April 6, 1979) is a Malaysian footballer currently playing as a defender and midfield for Johor FA and the Malaysia national team.	Hairul Nizam Hanif	defender
position played on team / speciality	Van Lal Hruaia (born 25 May 1991) is a footballer from Burma, and plays as a goalkeeper for Ayeyawady United.	Van Lal Hruaia	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Boban Lazić (born 29 January 1994) is a Bosnian professional footballer who plays as a forward or right winger for VVV-Venlo in the Eerste Divisie, on loan from PEC Zwolle.	Boban Lazić	forward
position played on team / speciality	Mario Pašalić (born 9 February 1995) is a Croatian footballer who plays for AS Monaco FC on loan from Chelsea, as a central midfielder.	Mario Pašalić	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Milan Stepanov (Serbian Cyrillic: Милан Степанов; born 2 April 1983) is a Serbian footballer who plays for Serbian club Vojvodina as a central defender.	Milan Stepanov	defender
position played on team / speciality	José Manuel Mourinho Félix (born 17 June 1938 in Ferragudo, Faro, Algarve) is a retired Portuguese football goalkeeper and manager.	José Manuel Mourinho Félix	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	James Will (born 7 October 1972) is a Scottish former professional football goalkeeper, who played for Arsenal, Dunfermline Athletic, Turriff United, Deveronvale and Peterhead.	James Will	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Ionuț Neagu (born 26 October 1989) is a Romanian professional footballer who plays as a box-to-box midfielder for the Turkish club Karabükspor.	Ionuț Neagu	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Manoel de Oliveira da Silva Júnior (born 24 September 1976 in Paulista, Pernambuco) is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder.	Manoel de Oliveira da Silva Júnior	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Anthony Kalik (born 5 November 1997) is an Australian footballer who plays as a midfielder for Hajduk Split in the Prva HNL, on loan from Central Coast Mariners in the A-League.	Anthony Kalik	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Luis Prieto Zalbidegoitia (born 19 February 1979) is a Spanish retired footballer who played mainly as a central defender.	Luis Prieto Zalbidegoitia	defender
position played on team / speciality	Damien Webber (born 8 October 1968) is an English former professional footballer who played in the Football League, as a defender.	Damien Webber	defender
position played on team / speciality	Lennart Wing (born 7 August 1935) is a retired Swedish footballer and manager who played as a wing half.	Lennart Wing	wing half
position played on team / speciality	Bartosz Broniszewski (born 23 January 1988 in Munich) is a German football defender of Polish origin, who plays for TSV Berg.	Bartosz Broniszewski	defender
position played on team / speciality	Paul Holocher (born May 24, 1969 in Seattle, Washington ) is a former U.S. soccer midfielder who played in Austria and Major League Soccer.	Paul Holocher	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Clément Rigaud (born 26 September 1984 in Paris) is a French football player who currently plays as a goalkeeper.	Clément Rigaud	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Thiago Esmerindo de Souza de Brito, commonly known as Thiago Brito (born 20 August 1992), is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for Kuwaiti club Al-Nasr SC, on loan from Santos FC, as a forward.	Thiago Brito	forward
position played on team / speciality	Cléber Guedes de Lima or simply Cléber (born 29 April 1974 in Brasília) is a retired Brazilian footballer, who played as a defender during his career.	Cléber Guedes de Lima	defender
position played on team / speciality	Gabriel Wüthrich (born 28 August 1981 in Echallens) is a Swiss footballer who last played as goalkeeper for FC Luzern in the Swiss Super League.	Gabriel Wüthrich	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Joaquín Oliva Gomá (born November 11, 1926 in Guissona, Spain) was a Spanish professional association football player, who played as a defender.	Joaquín Oliva	defender
position played on team / speciality	Ben Coker (born 17 June 1989) is an English footballer who plays as a defender or as a midfielder for Southend United.	Ben Coker	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Tom Freddy Aune (born 3 June 1970) is a Norwegian former football forward and coach.	Tom Freddy Aune	forward
position played on team / speciality	Sean MacAuley (born 27 February 1980 in Edinburgh), is a Scottish football midfielder who currently plays for Preston Athletic.	Sean MacAuley	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Xin Feng (Chinese: 忻峰; pinyin: Xīn Fēng; born 27 May 1978 in Shanghai) is a Chinese football player who currently plays as a defender for Suzhou Dongwu in the China League Two.	Xin Feng	defender
position played on team / speciality	Aidar Kumisbekov (Kazakh: Айдар Күмісбеков, 9 February 1979) is a retired Kazakhstani professional footballer who played as a defender.	Aidar Kumisbekov	defender
position played on team / speciality	As a high-scoring point guard in the late 50s and early 60s, Richie Guerin was one of the most talented and best-loved players ever to wear a New York Knicks jersey.	Richie Guerin	point guard
position played on team / speciality	Cristian Bărbuț (born 22 April 1995) is a Romanian professional footballer who plays as a right midfielder for Poli Timișoara.	Cristian Bărbuț	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Pille Raadik (born 12 February 1987) is an Estonian football defender currently playing for Åland United in Finland's Naistenliiga and the Estonian national team.	Pille Raadik	defender
position played on team / speciality	Deng Xiaofei (simplified Chinese: 邓小飞; traditional Chinese: 鄧小飛; pinyin: Dèng Xiǎofēi; born 31 May 1983) is a Chinese football goalkeeper, who plays for Chongqing Lifan in the China Super League.	Deng Xiaofei	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Shawn Heins' style of play is that of an offensive defenceman and powerplay specialist.	Shawn Heins	defenceman
position played on team / speciality	Paulo Henrique Rodrigues Cabral (born 23 October 1996 in Fenais da Luz, São Miguel), simply Paulo Henrique, is a Portuguese footballer who plays for C.D. Santa Clara as a defender.	Paulo Henrique Rodrigues Cabral	defender
position played on team / speciality	Walid Badir (Arabic: وليد بدير‎, Hebrew: ואליד באדיר‎; born March 12, 1974) is a retired Arab-Israeli football player, who played as a central defender or midfielder.	Walid Badir	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Ferid Chouchane (Arabic: فريد شوشان‎) (born 19 April 1973 in Sousse) is a retired Tunisian football defender.	Ferid Chouchane	defender
position played on team / speciality	Scott Bowen (born 20 September 1972) is a former Australian rugby union fly-half who represented for the Wallabies nine times between 1993 and 1996.	Scott Bowen	fly-half
position played on team / speciality	Vitus Eicher (born 5 November 1990) is a footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for 1860 Munich in the 2.	Vitus Eicher	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Leon Leuty (23 October 1920 -- 15 December 1955) was an English professional footballer who played as a central defender.	Leon Leuty	defender
position played on team / speciality	Ayrton Azzopardi (born 12 September 1993) is a Maltese international footballer who plays for Tarxien Rainbows, as a defensive midfielder.	Ayrton Azzopardi	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Jürgen Rittenauer (born May 18, 1986) is a German footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for 1.	Jürgen Rittenauer	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Serhiy Tkachuk or Sergey Tkachuk (Ukrainian: Сергій Володимирович Ткачук; born 15 February 1992 in Kyiv, Ukraine) is a professional Kazakhstani football goalkeeper of Ukrainian descent, who last played for professional Kazakhstan Premier League club FC Kairat.	Serhiy Tkachuk	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Edgars Jeromanovs (born April 18, 1986) is a professional Latvian basketball player who plays the point guard position.	Edgars Jeromanovs	point guard
position played on team / speciality	Kévin Théophile-Catherine (born 28 October 1989) is a French professional footballer who plays as a defender for Ligue 1 team Saint-Étienne.	Kévin Théophile-Catherine	defender
position played on team / speciality	Milton Queiroz da Paixão, simply known as Tita (born April 1, 1958 in Rio de Janeiro), is a former association footballer who played forward.	Tita	forward
position played on team / speciality	Massimiliano Ossari (29 April 1977 -- 22 April 2002) was an Italian professional footballer who plays defender.	Massimiliano Ossari	defender
position played on team / speciality	Nicholas Guidi (born 25 June 1983 in Viareggio, Province of Lucca) is an Italian football (soccer) defender currently playing for Frosinone in Serie B.	Nicholas Guidi	defender
position played on team / speciality	Trevor Dance (born 31 July 1958) is an English former football goalkeeper who played 84 league games in the Football League for Port Vale between 1975 and 1980.	Trevor Dance	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Blair Spittal (born 19 December 1995) is a Scottish footballer who plays for Dundee United in the Scottish Premiership as a midfielder.	Blair Spittal	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Đinh Thanh Trung (born 24 January 1988 in Hà Tĩnh, Vietnam) is a Vietnamese midfielder who currently plays for QNK Quảng Nam.	Đinh Thanh Trung	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Esad Dugalić (born 1 October 1947) was a Bosnian football goalkeeper.	Esad Dugalić	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Miloš Lačný (born 8 March 1988) is a Slovak footballer who plays as a forward, who currently plays for Fortuna Liga club MFK Ružomberok.	Miloš Lačný	forward
position played on team / speciality	Motti Aroesti (born 11 August 1954; Tel Aviv, Israel) is a retired Israeli basketball player who played point guard for Maccabi Tel Aviv from 1974 to 1988.	Motti Aroesti	point guard
position played on team / speciality	Matteo Abbate (born 21 August 1983) is an Italian footballer defender, currently playing for Pavia in Lega Pro. He started his career at Piacenza.	Matteo Abbate	defender
position played on team / speciality	Andriy Hurskyi (Ukrainian: Андрій Петрович Гурський; born 30 August 1988 in Lviv) is a professional Ukrainian football defender who last time played for Belarusian Premier League club FC Gomel.	Andriy Hurskyi	defender
position played on team / speciality	Fábio Pereira da Cruz or simply Pereira (born 30 July 1979), is a Brazilian central defender.	Fábio Pereira da Cruz	defender
position played on team / speciality	Adrian Butters (born 15 July 1988) is a Guyanese international soccer player who plays as a defender.	Adrian Butters	defender
position played on team / speciality	Adel Taarabt (Arabic: عادل تاعرابت‎ / Tamaziǧt: Adil Tǎrabt-- born 24 May 1989) is a Moroccan professional footballer who plays for Benfica B in Portugal and the Morocco national team as an attacking midfielder.	Adel Taarabt	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Lauren Gregg (born June 20, 1960) is an American soccer coach and retired soccer player who played as a defender for the United States women's national soccer team.	Lauren Gregg	defender
position played on team / speciality	Hosman Ramos (born August 26, 1989) is an American soccer player who plays as a midfielder for the National Premier Soccer League club Puerto Rico Bayamón.	Hosman Ramos	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Stefan Scougall (born 7 December 1992) is a Scottish professional footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for English club Sheffield United.	Stefan Scougall	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Oleh Lutsenko (Ukrainian: Олег Олександрович Луценко; born 14 February 1993 in Ukraine) is a professional Ukrainian football defender who plays ol loan from FC Chornomorets Odessa for FC Hirnyk Kryvyi Rih in the Ukrainian First League.	Oleh Lutsenko	defender
position played on team / speciality	Filip Twardzik (born 10 February 1993) is a Czech footballer who currently plays as a central midfielder for Bolton Wanderers.	Filip Twardzik	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Nik Dashev (Bulgarian: Ник Дашев; born 13 October 1991 in Sofia) is a Bulgarian football player, currently playing as a goalkeeper.	Nik Dashev	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Anders Ohlsson is Swedish former footballer who played as a forward.	Anders Ohlsson	forward
position played on team / speciality	Bernard Gardon (born 2 December 1951 in Clermont-Ferrand, Puy-de-Dôme) is a retired football defender from France, who obtained one cap for the French national team.	Bernard Gardon	defender
position played on team / speciality	Miloš Karišik (Serbian Cyrillic: Милош Каришик; born 7 October 1988) is a Serbian football defender who plays for Czech club Slovan Liberec.	Miloš Karišik	defender
position played on team / speciality	Mike Flater (born January 22, 1951 in Evanston, Illinois) is a retired U.S. soccer forward who spent six seasons in the North American Soccer League.	Mike Flater	forward
position played on team / speciality	Rabiu Afolabi (born 18 April 1980 in Osogbo, Osun State), is a retired Nigerian footballer, who played as a defender.	Rabiu Afolabi	defender
position played on team / speciality	Jan Dresler (born March 12, 1983) is a Czech professional ice hockey defenceman.	Jan Dresler	defenceman
position played on team / speciality	Tommy Yule (born 27 January 1953) is a Scottish former professional footballer who played as a winger.	Tommy Yule	winger
position played on team / speciality	Oleksandr Musiyenko (Ukrainian: Олександр Олександрович Мусієнко; born 7 April 1987 in Kyiv, Ukrainian SSR) is a professional Ukrainian football goalkeeper who currently plays for Maltese Premier League club Valletta F.C..	Oleksandr Musiyenko	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Carlos Alvarado Villalobos (born 19 December 1927) was a Costa Rican footballer who played as a goalkeeper.	Carlos Alvarado Villalobos	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	George Mofokeng (born 20 June 1979 in Ganyesa, North West) is a South African football (soccer) defender for Platinum Stars and South Africa.	George Mofokeng	defender
position played on team / speciality	Roddy Paterson (born 23 June 1993) is a Scottish professional footballer currently playing for Lugar Boswell Thistle F.C. as a forward	Roddy Paterson	forward
position played on team / speciality	Adi Adilović (born February 20, 1983 in Zenica, SFR Yugoslavia) is a Bosnian goalkeeper currently playing for Bosnian Premijer Liga side NK Čelik Zenica.	Adi Adilović	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Hoàng Nhật Nam (born 3 April 1990 in Thái Thụy, Thái Bình ) is Vietnamese footballer who plays as a attacking midfielder for TP Hồ Chí Minh.	Hoàng Nhật Nam	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Jeff Turcotte (born April 24, 1969) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey centre who played briefly in the East Coast Hockey League (ECHL) and Sunshine Hockey League (SuHL).	Jeff Turcotte	centre
position played on team / speciality	David Grigoryan (Armenian: Դավիթ Գրիգորյան, born on 28 December 1982 in Yerevan, Soviet Union) is an Armenian football defender.	David Grigoryan	defender
position played on team / speciality	Constantinos Samaras (Greek: Κωνσταντίνος Σαμάρας; born 18 May 1984 in Nicosia) is a Cypriot footballer who plays for Olympiakos Nicosia on loan from Ermis Aradippou as a defender.	Constantinos Samaras	defender
position played on team / speciality	Yavuz Şimşek (born 1947 in Samsun) was a Turkish football player of Fenerbahçe between 1967--77 He played as a goalkeeper.	Yavuz Şimşek	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Ron McKinven (born 8 January 1936) is a Scottish former professional footballer who played as a wing half, making over 250 appearances in the Scottish Football League.	Ron McKinven	wing half
position played on team / speciality	Rogerio Cannellini also known as Rogerinho (born 7 March 1979) is a both Brazilian and Italian footballer playing as an attacking midfielder.	Rogerio Cannellini	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Sandro Cardoso dos Santos (born March 22, 1980), simply known as Sandro is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a role of forward.	Sandro Cardoso dos Santos	forward
position played on team / speciality	Martin Jurtom (born 11 March 1994) is an Estonian professional basketball player who plays as a power forward and a small forward.	Martin Jurtom	power forward
position played on team / speciality	João Paulo Andrade (born 6 June 1981 in Leiria), known as João Paulo, is a Portuguese footballer who plays for Cypriot club AEL Limassol mainly as a central defender.	João Paulo Andrade	defender
position played on team / speciality	Milenko Topić (Serbian Cyrillic: Миленко Топић; born March 6, 1969) is a retired Serbian basketball player who played at the power forward position.	Milenko Topić	power forward
position played on team / speciality	Júlio Sérgio Bertagnoli (Portuguese first name Júlio Sérgio, Italian surname Bertagnoli) (born 8 November 1978) is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Comercial.	Júlio Sérgio	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Giuseppe Baresi (Italian pronunciation: (dʒuˈzɛppe baˈreːzi); born 7 February 1958) is an Italian former footballer who spent most of his career with Internazionale as a defender or as a defensive midfielder.	Giuseppe Baresi	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Clint Peay (born September 16, 1973 in Columbia, Maryland) is a retired U.S. soccer defender who was the head coach of the University of Richmond men's soccer team.	Clint Peay	defender
position played on team / speciality	Upendra Man Singh (Nepali: उपेन्द्र मान सिंह; born 1973) is a Nepalese former footballer who played as a goalkeeper.	Upendra Man Singh	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Steve McLean is a retired Scottish-American soccer forward who played professionally in the Major Indoor Soccer League and was a member of the U.S. team at the 1981 FIFA World Youth Championship.	Steve McLean	forward
position played on team / speciality	Lautaro Arellano (17 April 1997) is an Argentine footballer who plays as a midfielder for River Plate.	Lautaro Arellano	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Drissa Diakité (born 18 February 1985 in Bamako) is a Malian footballer who plays for Bastia in the Ligue 1, as a Defensive midfielder or as a Right defender.	Drissa Diakité	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	José Augusto Borges Nascimento, commonly known as Zé Augusto (born 7 March 1959), is a Brazilian retired footballer who played as an attacking midfielder, and the current manager of Portuguesa under-20s.	Zé Augusto	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Julio César Toresani (born December 5, 1967 in Santa Fe) is a former Argentine football midfielder.	Julio César Toresani	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Yordan Marinov (Bulgarian: Йордан Маринов; born 23 June 1968) is a former Bulgarian footballer who played as a midfielder.	Yordan Marinov	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Brock McPherson (born July 24, 1985) is a Canadian professional ice hockey right winger currently playing for the Dundee CCS Stars in the Elite Ice Hockey League in the United Kingdom.	Brock McPherson	winger
position played on team / speciality	Pablo Cortizo (born September 1, 1989 in La Plata) is an Argentine footballer currently playing as a defensive midfielder for FC Inter Turku in the Veikkausliiga.	Pablo Cortizo	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Francesco Romano (born 25 April 1960, in Saviano) is a retired Italian footballer, who played as a midfielder.	Francesco Romano	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Antoni Ramallets Simón (1 July 1924 -- 30 July 2013) was a Spanish footballer who played as a goalkeeper, and also a manager.	Antoni Ramallets	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Charles Córdoba Sánchez (born 15 September 1982 in Carepa, Antioquia, Colombia) is a Colombian footballer who plays as forward for Xelajú in the Liga Nacional de Guatemala.	Charles Córdoba	forward
position played on team / speciality	Lance Nethery (born June 28, 1957 in Toronto, Ontario, and raised in Burlington, Ontario) is a former professional ice hockey centre and coach, and current executive.	Lance Nethery	centre
position played on team / speciality	Paul Van Himst (born 2 October 1943) is a retired Belgian football forward and a football manager.	Paul Van Himst	forward
position played on team / speciality	Juan José García Granero (born 26 April 1981 in Madrid) is a Spanish footballer who plays for CD San Fernando de Henares mainly as a left midfielder.	Juan José García Granero	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Silvester Takač (born November 8, 1940 in Đurđevo village near Žabalj, Danube Banovina, Kingdom of Yugoslavia) is a Serbian former football forward and manager.	Silvester Takač	forward
position played on team / speciality	Peter Leeuwenburgh (born 23 March 1994) is a Dutch professional footballer who plays for as a goalkeeper for Jong Ajax in the Dutch Eerste Divisie.	Peter Leeuwenburgh	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Manuel Martínez Canales (21 May 1928 -- 25 July 2014), known as Manolín was a Spanish professional footballer who played as a midfielder.	Manuel Martínez Canales	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Iñaki Goitia Peña (born 2 March 1982) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper.	Iñaki Goitia	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Samuel Baños Cardín (born 16 August 1979 in Villaviciosa, Asturias), known simply as Samuel, is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Marino de Luanco as a midfielder.	Samuel Baños	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Guillaume Quellier (born June 25, 1986 in Caen) is a French football (soccer) midfielder.	Guillaume Quellier	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Federico Mattiello (born 14 July 1995) is an Italian footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for Chievo on loan from Juventus.	Federico Mattiello	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Roman Uzdenov (born 10 March 1979) is a Kazakh football coach and a former forward.	Roman Uzdenov	forward
position played on team / speciality	Michael Cvetkovski also Mihael Cvetkovski (Macedonian: Мajkl Цветковски, born 21 November 1987) is an Australian/Macedonian footballer who plays as a defender.	Michael Cvetkovski	defender
position played on team / speciality	Jamie Marks (born 18 March 1977) is a footballer currently playing for East Belfast club Harland & Wolff Welders in the IFA Championship as a midfielder.	Jamie Marks	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Kyle Wellwood (born May 16, 1983) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey centre who played the majority of his career in the National Hockey League (NHL).	Kyle Wellwood	centre
position played on team / speciality	Jajang Paliama is an Indonesian footballer who plays as a midfielder.	Jajang Paliama	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Dejan Pešić (Serbian Cyrillic: Дejaн Пeшић ; born December 16, 1976 in Vlasotince) is a Serbian football goalkeeper who plays for Völsungur in the Icelandic League 2.	Dejan Pešić	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Ibrahim Tanko (born 25 July 1977) is a scout and football manager, and a retired Ghana international footballer who played mostly as a forward.	Ibrahim Tanko	forward
position played on team / speciality	Maarten Atmodikoro (born February 4, 1971 in Paramaribo, Suriname) is a retired football defender from the Netherlands, who started his professional career in the 1989/1990 season for Schiedamse Voetbal Vereniging.	Maarten Atmodikoro	defender
position played on team / speciality	Percy Varco (17 April 1904 - 29 January 1982) was an English professional football centre-forward.	Percy Varco	forward
position played on team / speciality	Igor Alves, or simply Igor, (born April 4, 1988 in Rio de Janeiro) is a Brazilian football (soccer) midfielder who currently plays for Widzew Łódź.	Igor Alves	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Steve Mandanda (French pronunciation: ​(stɛv mɑ̃dɑ̃nda); born 28 March 1985) is a French professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for French club Marseille in Ligue 1, where he serves as first-choice captain.	Steve Mandanda	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Taylor Lytle (born March 31, 1989) is an American professional soccer midfielder.	Taylor Lytle	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Antons Jemeļins (born 19 February 1984 in Liepāja) is a Latvian football defender who currently plays for the Lithuanian A Lyga club FK Atlantas.	Antons Jemeļins	defender
position played on team / speciality	Tim Stefan Kühne (born 15 August 1980 in Wiesbaden) is a German football coach and former football midfielder.	Stefan Kühne	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Dagoberto Pelentier (born 22 March 1983) is a Brazilian professional footballer nicknamed Dagoberto who currently plays as a forward for Vasco da Gama, on loan from Cruzeiro.	Dagoberto	forward
position played on team / speciality	Paris Elia (Greek: Πάρης Ηλία; born January 6, 1972) is a former international Cypriot football defender.	Paris Elia	defender
position played on team / speciality	Carlos Domínguez Domínguez (born 18 September 1976), commonly known as Carlitos, is a Spanish retired professional footballer who played as a forward.	Carlos Domínguez	forward
position played on team / speciality	Raed Bko (Arabic: رائد بكو ‎; born 8 July 1987) is a Syrian football player who plays as a defender for Panelefsiniakos F.C. in the Delta Ethniki.	Raed Bko	defender
position played on team / speciality	Miralem Halilović (born 22 July 1991) is a Bosnian professional basketball player who plays as a power forward and a center for KK Zagreb of the Croatian A-1 Liga.	Miralem Halilović	power forward
position played on team / speciality	Ashley Opperman (born 13 January 1983 in Cape Town, Western Cape) is a South African football (soccer) defender who plays for Hanover Park of the National First Division.	Ashley Opperman	defender
position played on team / speciality	Beram Kayal (or Biram Keyal, Arabic: بيرم كيال‎, Hebrew: בירם כיאל‎; born 2 May 1988) is an Israeli professional footballer who plays as a central midfielder for Brighton & Hove Albion and the Israel national team.	Beram Kayal	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Luca Caldirola (born 1 February 1991) is an Italian footballer who currently plays as a defender for the Bundesliga side SV Darmstadt 98 whom he joined on 15 July 2015 on loan from Werder Bremen.	Luca Caldirola	defender
position played on team / speciality	Annabel Jäger (born 6 January 1994) is a German football midfielder, currently playing for Cloppenburg in the 1.	Annabel Jäger	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Andre-Joël Sami (born November 13, 1984 in Montfermeil, Seine-Saint-Denis) is a DR Congolese international defender who currently plays for S.V. Zulte Waregem.	Joël Sami	defender
position played on team / speciality	Milan Obradović (Serbian Cyrillic: Милан Обрадовић; born 3 August 1977) is a Serbian retired professional footballer who played as a defender and current manager.	Milan Obradović	defender
position played on team / speciality	Dražan Jerković (6 August 1936 -- 9 December 2008) was a Croatian football forward and manager.	Dražan Jerković	forward
position played on team / speciality	Soufian Benyamina (born 2 March 1990) is a German football player of Algerian descent who is currently playing as a forward for Hansa Rostock in the 3.	Soufian Benyamina	forward
position played on team / speciality	Mitchel Oviedo Hernández (born July 7, 1988 in Veracruz, Veracruz, Mexico) is a Mexican footballer who plays as a midfielder for Celaya F.C. of the Ascenso MX.	Mitchel Oviedo	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Abdulrahman Mussa is a Kuwaiti football midfielder who played for Kuwait in the 2004 AFC Asian Cup.	Abdulrahman Mussa	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Mamia Jikia (born 11 December 1975 in Poti) is a retired Georgian footballer (midfielder).	Mamia Jikia	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Roni Visnoveski Turola or simply Roni (born 7 July 1987 in Botucatu, is a Brazilian goalkeeper. He currently plays for Uberaba on loan from Santos.	Roni Visnoveski Turola	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Miodrag Todorović (Serbian Cyrillic: Миодраг Тодоровић; born 10 September 1995) is a Serbian football forward who plays for Car Konstantin, on loan from Radnički Niš.	Miodrag Todorović	forward
position played on team / speciality	Zoran Popović (Serbian Cyrillic: Зоран Поповић; born 28 May 1988) is a Serbian football goalkeeper, who plays for Voždovac.	Zoran Popović	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Mai Xuân Hợp (born 14 December 1986 in Thanh Hóa, Vietnam is Vietnamese footballer, who plays for Becamex Binh Duong F.C. as defender. He was a member of Vietnam U23 played at 2009 Southeast Asian Games. His favourite positions are centre back and full back.	Mai Xuân Hợp	defender
position played on team / speciality	Kalin Shtarkov (Bulgarian: Калин Щърков; born on 20 May 1984) is a Bulgarian footballer who currently plays as a defender for Conegliano German.	Kalin Shtarkov	defender
position played on team / speciality	Eleftherios Mertakas (Greek: Ελευθέριος Μέρτακας; born March 16, 1985 in Paralimni) is a Cypriot football defender who currently plays for Ayia Napa.	Eleftherios Mertakas	defender
position played on team / speciality	Frode Grodås (born 24 October 1964) is a Norwegian football coach and former national team goalkeeper originally from Hornindal in Sogn og Fjordane.	Frode Grodås	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Sinan Kurumuş (born 2 August 1994) is a Turkish footballer who plays as a forward for Tepecikspor on loan from Beşiktaş J.K..	Sinan Kurumuş	forward
position played on team / speciality	Clive Colbridge is a footballer who played as a winger in the Football League for York City, Workington, Crewe Alexandra, Manchester City and Wrexham.	Clive Colbridge	winger
position played on team / speciality	Evald Mikson (Icelandic: Eðvald Hinriksson), (12 July (O.S. 29 June) 1911 in Tartu, Livonia, Russian Empire -- 27 December 1993 in Reykjavík, Iceland) was a goalkeeper in the Estonian national football team, winning 7 caps between 1934 and 1938.	Evald Mikson	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Siyabonga Mpontshane (born 17 April 1986 in Ngwavuma, KwaZulu-Natal) is a South African professional footballer, who plays as a goalkeeper for Orlando Pirates.	Siyabonga Mpontshane	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Shaun Lowther (born 24 January 1962 in North Shields, England) is a former Canadian national soccer team defender who spent five seasons in the North American Soccer League.	Shaun Lowther	defender
position played on team / speciality	Gabriel Augusto Xavier (born 15 July 1993), known as Gabriel Xavier or simply Gabriel, is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Cruzeiro as an attacking midfielder.	Gabriel Xavier	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Jorge Sáenz de Miera Colmeiro (born 18 November 1996), known simply as Jorge, is a Spanish footballer who plays for CD Tenerife as a central defender.	Jorge Sáenz de Miera Colmeiro	defender
position played on team / speciality	Vladas Tučkus (1932-1988) was a Soviet Lithuanian football goalkeeper who played for Spartak Vilnius, Spartak Moscow and FK Daugava Rīga.	Vladas Tučkus	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Božidar Urošević (Serbian Cyrillic: Божидар Урошевић, born 9 February 1975) was a Serbian professional football goalkeeper.	Božidar Urošević	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Marion Gröbner is an Austrian football midfielder, currently playing in the German 2.	Marion Gröbner	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Oliver Kovačević (Serbian Cyrillic: Оливер Ковачевић; born 29 October 1974) is a Serbian former professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper.	Oliver Kovačević	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Lorenzo Bucchi (born 21 November 1983 in Rome) is an Italian football goalkeeper who currently plays for FC Luzern in the Swiss Super League.	Lorenzo Bucchi	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Luis Ernesto Tapia Pérez (born October 21, 1944 in Panama) is a retired football forward, who is regarded as the best player ever in Panama.	Luis Ernesto Tapia	forward
position played on team / speciality	Obren Čučković (Serbian Cyrillic: Обрен Чучковић; born 2 May 1983) is a Serbian football goalkeeper who plays for Bačka Bačka Palanka in the Serbian First League.	Obren Čučković	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Kathlene Fernström (born 26 August 1986) is a Swedish footballer who plays in the fully professional Damallsvenskan, a Swedish women league, as a defender.	Kathlene Fernström	defender
position played on team / speciality	Mark Rees (born 13 October 1961) is an English former footballer who played in the Football League as a winger for Walsall and also had a short loan spell with Rochdale.	Mark Rees	winger
position played on team / speciality	Hao Xingchen is a professional Chinese footballer who currently plays as a forward for Dalian Transcendence in the China League Two.	Hao Xingchen	forward
position played on team / speciality	Marian Alexandru Neagu (born 29 October 1991), simply known as Marian Neagu is a Romanian professional footballer playing for Berceni as a midfielder.	Marian Neagu	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Guy Rucker (born July 27, 1977 in Inkster, Michigan) is a retired professional basketball power forward who played one season in the National Basketball Association (NBA) as a member of the Golden State Warriors during the 2002--03 season.	Guy Rucker	power forward
position played on team / speciality	Güvenç Kurtar (born 25 July 1950) is a Turkish football manager and former forward who works as head coach for Adana Demirspor.	Güvenç Kurtar	forward
position played on team / speciality	Noel Wilson (born 24 December 1979) is an Indian footballer who is currently playing for Mumbai FC in the I-League in India as a midfielder.	Noel Wilson	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Yves De Winter (born 25 May 1987) is a Belgian football goalkeeper, who currently plays as a Goalkeeper for Sint-Truiden in the Belgian Pro League.	Yves De Winter	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Davies Phiri (born 1 April 1976 in Mufulira) is a Zambian football (soccer) goalkeeper who is currently goalkeeper coach for Zambia live in South Africa.	Davies Phiri	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Toni Kolehmainen (born 20 July 1988 in Oulu) is a Finnish professional football midfielder who currently plays for HJK in Finnish Veikkausliiga.	Toni Kolehmainen	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Andreea Corduneanu (born 26 June 1995) is a Romanian women's football defender, currently playing for Olimpia Cluj.	Andreea Corduneanu	defender
position played on team / speciality	Robert Bruce Affleck (born May 5, 1954) is a Canadian retired former professional ice hockey defenceman who played in the National Hockey League in the 1970s.	Bruce Affleck	defenceman
position played on team / speciality	Tarlan Guliyev (Azerbaijani: Tərlan Quliyev, born on 19 April 1992 in Baku, Azerbaijan) is an Azerbaijani football defender.	Tarlan Guliyev	defender
position played on team / speciality	Ludovic Loustau (born 15 August 1973) is a former French international rugby union footballer who played scrum-half in France's Top 14 competition.	Ludovic Loustau	scrum-half
position played on team / speciality	Carlos Ernesto Castro (born 24 September 1978) is a retired Ecuadorian international defender.	Carlos Ernesto Castro	defender
position played on team / speciality	Renato Zaccarelli (born 18 January 1951) is a former Italian professional footballer and manager who played as a midfielder.	Renato Zaccarelli	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Alfred Manning was a footballer who played as a forward for Port Vale and Shildon in the 1920s.	Alfred Manning	forward
position played on team / speciality	Wayne Yates, a 6'8 center from North Little Rock High School in North Little Rock, Arkansas, first enrolled at New Mexico State University in 1956.	Wayne Yates	center
position played on team / speciality	Tefu Mashamaite (born 27 September 1984 in Bochum, Transvaal) is a South African association football player who plays as a defender for BK Hacken in the Allsvenskan in Sweden.	Tefu Mashamaite	defender
position played on team / speciality	Asmir Begović (born 20 June 1987) is a Bosnian professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for English club Chelsea and the Bosnia and Herzegovina national team, for which he is vice-captain.	Asmir Begović	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Daniele Capelli (born 20 June 1986) is an Italian footballer who plays as a defender for Cesena in Italy's Serie B. Deemed surplus to requirements before the 2009--10 season, he was loaned to Serie B side Reggina.	Daniele Capelli	defender
position played on team / speciality	Oldřich Pařízek (born 24 March 1972) is a retired football goalkeeper who played for clubs in Czechoslovakia and Belgium.	Oldřich Pařízek	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Ronny Kockel (born December 16, 1975 in Räckelwitz) is a German football goalkeeper, who previously managed KFC Uerdingen with Erhan Albayrak.	Ronny Kockel	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Jamie Maclaren (born 29 July 1993) is an Australian football (soccer) player who plays as a centre forward for A-League club Brisbane Roar.	Jamie Maclaren	forward
position played on team / speciality	Kyle Patten is a Welsh professional football midfielder.	Kyle Patten	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Angel Krstev (born December 15, 1980) is a Czech professional ice hockey defenceman who currently plays for Lukko of the Finnish SM-liiga.	Angel Krstev	defenceman
position played on team / speciality	Anatole Ndriamparany (born 1984) is Malagasy football goalkeeper.	Anatole Ndriamparany	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Francisco Javier García Verdugo Garrido (born 6 July 1934), known as García Verdugo, is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a defender, and a current manager.	Francisco Javier García Verdugo	defender
position played on team / speciality	Keelin Winters (born December 9, 1988) is an American professional association football midfielder who currently plays for the Western Sydney Wanderers in the Australian W-League on loan from Seattle Reign FC of the NWSL.	Keelin Winters	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Đorđe Vujkov (born August 19, 1955 in Lok, SFR Yugoslavia) is a former Serbian defender who played for SFR Yugoslavia.	Đorđe Vujkov	defender
position played on team / speciality	Urfan Abbasov (Azerbaijani: Ürfan Abbasov;born 14 October 1992) is an Azerbaijani football defender who plays for Gabala FK in the Azerbaijan Premier League.	Urfan Abbasov	defender
position played on team / speciality	Gábor Korolovszky (born 11 July 1979 ) is a Hungarian defender who current is free agent.	Gábor Korolovszky	defender
position played on team / speciality	Nicolai Næss (born 18 January 1993) is a Norwegian football defender who currently plays for Norwegian First Division side Stabæk.	Nicolai Næss	defender
position played on team / speciality	Atila Kasaš (Serbian Cyrillic: Атила Касаш ;Hungarian: Attila Kaszas ;born 21 September 1968 in Bečej) is a retired Serbian professional football forward of Hungarian origin.	Atila Kasaš	forward
position played on team / speciality	Kampamba Chintu (born 28 December 1980, Kabwe) is a Zambian football defender, who is currently a free agent.	Kampamba Chintu	defender
position played on team / speciality	Fernand Boone (1 August 1934 -- 11 September 2013) was a Belgian football goalkeeper who won the Belgian Golden Shoe in 1967 while at Club Brugge.	Fernand Boone	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Neil Ayrton (born February 11, 1962 in Lewisham), is a former professional footballer who played as a forward.	Neil Ayrton	forward
position played on team / speciality	Craig Oldfield (born 24 November 1963) is an English former footballer who played in the Football League as a forward for Colchester United.	Craig Oldfield	forward
position played on team / speciality	Alex José da Cruz (born January 11, 1985 in Fátima do Sul) simply known as Alex Cruz a Brazilian attacking midfielder.	Alex José da Cruz	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Diego Neves de Jesus (born 13 June 1986 in Serra) is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a forward.	Diego Neves	forward
position played on team / speciality	Alexander Domínguez Carabalí (born June 5, 1987 in Tachina, Esmeraldas) is an Ecuadorian football goalkeeper who plays for LDU Quito.	Alexander Domínguez	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Brandi McCain (born September 21, 1979) is a former American college and professional basketball player who was a guard in the Women's National Basketball Association (WNBA) for a single season in 2002.	Brandi McCain	guard
position played on team / speciality	Alessandro Florenzi (Italian pronunciation: (alesˈsandro floˈrɛntsi); born 11 March 1991) is an Italian footballer who plays as a midfielder or as a full-back for Serie A club Roma and the Italian national team.	Alessandro Florenzi	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Dirceu Wiggers de Oliveira Filho (born 5 January 1988), simply known as Dirceu, is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for Portuguese club C.S. Marítimo as a central defender.	Dirceu Wiggers de Oliveira Filho	defender
position played on team / speciality	Almir Lopes de Luna, or simply Almir (born 20 May 1982 in João Pessoa), is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a attacking midfielder for Flamengo, on loan from Bangu.	Almir Lopes de Luna	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Gyula Grosics (Hungarian pronunciation: (ˈɟulɒ ˈɡroʃit͡ʃ); Croatia: Đula Grošić 4 February 1926 -- 13 June 2014) was a Hungarian football goalkeeper of Croatian descent who played 86 times for the Hungary national football team and was part of the ``Golden Team'' of the 1950s.	Gyula Grosics	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Joakim Våge Nilsen (born 24 April 1991) is a Norwegian football defender who will be playing for Odd in the Norwegian Premier League from January 2016.	Joakim Våge Nilsen	defender
position played on team / speciality	Charles Micallef (born 6 July 1960 in Malta) was a professional footballer, during his career he played for Żurrieq, where he played as a midfielder.	Charles Micallef	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	David Phillips Jones more commonly known as 'Ponty' Jones (10 December 1881 -- 9 January 1936) was a Welsh international rugby union wing player who played club rugby for several teams, most notably Pontypool and London Welsh.	David Phillips Jones	wing
position played on team / speciality	Emiljano Shehu (born 10 June 1998), is an Albanian professional footballer who plays as a defender for Greek club Platanias and the Albania national under-19 football team.	Emiljano Shehu	defender
position played on team / speciality	Mohd Amirul Hadi Zainal born in Alor Gajah, Malacca but grew up in Klang, Selangor is a Malaysian footballer who is currently an center midfielder for Johor Darul Takzim FC in Malaysia Super League.	Amirul Hadi Zainal	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	David Concha Salas (born 20 November 1996) is a Spanish footballer who plays for CD Numancia on loan from Real Sociedad as a left winger or forward.	David Concha	forward
position played on team / speciality	Pedro Filipe Barbosa Moreira (born 20 December 1992 in Cristelo, Paredes), aka Pedrinho, is a Portuguese footballer who plays for S.C. Freamunde as a midfielder.	Pedro Filipe Barbosa Moreira	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Keidi Bare (born 28 August 1997) is an Albanian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for the Spanish club Atlético Madrid youth team and the Albania national under-19 football team.	Keidi Bare	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Samir Abbasov (born 1 February 1978) is a retired Azerbaijani football defender and current manager of Sumgayit FK in the Azerbaijan Premier League.	Samir Abbasov	defender
position played on team / speciality	Gabriel Gervais (born September 18, 1976 in Montreal, Quebec, Canada) is a retired defender who played for the Montreal Impact and Canada.	Gabriel Gervais	defender
position played on team / speciality	Danilo Pires Costa (born 21 March 1992 in São Luís, Maranhão), known as Danilo Pires, is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a midfielder for Atlético Mineiro, on loan from Corinthians-AL.	Danilo Pires	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Baye Ass Djibril Sarr (born 8 November 1990 in Dakar) is a Senegalese footballer who plays for C.D. Aves mainly as a forward.	Djibril Sarr	forward
position played on team / speciality	Bill Joyce (born 8 April 1877 in Prestonpans) was a Scottish footballer who played as a forward.	Bill Joyce	forward
position played on team / speciality	Vladislav Yamukov (Bulgarian Cyrillic: Владислав Ямуков) (born 22 Мarch 1980) is a Bulgarian football defender, who currently plays for Zagorets Nova Zagora.	Vladislav Yamukov	defender
position played on team / speciality	Ivaylo Ivanov (Bulgarian: Ивайло Иванов; born 8 December 1974) is a former Bulgarian football goalkeeper, who works as goalkeeper coach for Litex Lovech	Ivaylo Ivanov	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Welliton Soares de Morais, or simply Welliton, (born 22 October 1986) is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Mersin İdmanyurdu in Turkey, as a forward.	Welliton	forward
position played on team / speciality	José Leonardo Morales Lares (born 7 July 1978 in El Tigre) is a Venezuelan football goalkeeper, who currently plays for Carabobo FC and the Venezuela national team (for third goalkeeper, behind Renny Vega and Rafael Romo).	José Leonardo Morales	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Andres Gurrieri (born 3 July 1989) is a footballer midfielder who plays for Tristán Suárez in the Argentine Primera B.	Andres Gurrieri	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Jean-Luc Ettori (born 29 July 1955 in Marseille, Bouches-du-Rhône) is a retired French footballer who played as goalkeeper.	Jean-Luc Ettori	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Jordon Forster (born 23 September 1993) is a Scottish footballer who currently plays as a defender for Plymouth Argyle, on loan from Hibernian.	Jordon Forster	defender
position played on team / speciality	Luíz Carlos Martins Moreira (born 5 July 1985), simply known as Luíz Carlos is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder for Sporting de Braga.	Luíz Carlos	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Ingvar Jónsson (born 18 October 1989) is an Icelandic football goalkeeper, who currently plays for Sandnes Ulf on loan from Start.	Ingvar Jónsson	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Goran Djuricin (born 16 October 1974 in Vienna) is an Austrian former football forward, currently manager of Ebreichsdorf.	Goran Djuricin	forward
position played on team / speciality	Frank Wiafe Danquah (born 14 October 1989) is a Dutch footballer of Ghanaian descent who plays as a forward.	Frank Wiafe Danquah	forward
position played on team / speciality	Reg Cutler (17 February 1935 -- 5 May 2012) was an English professional footballer who played as a winger.	Reg Cutler	winger
position played on team / speciality	Walter Rozitsky was a Polish football player with a French passport, who played the positions of midfielder and defender.	Walter Rozitsky	defender
position played on team / speciality	Feliz Edgar Neto Vaz (born 9 April 1989 in Vizela, Braga District), known simply as Feliz, is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays for F.C. Famalicão as a forward.	Feliz Edgar Neto Vaz	forward
position played on team / speciality	Mário Fernando Ribeiro Pacheco Nobre (born 22 September 1925), Portuguese footballer who played as a forward.	Pacheco Nobre	forward
position played on team / speciality	Marco Gentile (born 24 August 1968, The Hague) is a Dutch professional footballer who played as a central defender for Burnley in the Football League.	Marco Gentile	defender
position played on team / speciality	Bobby Hannah was a Scottish professional football defender who played for Aberdeen.	Bobby Hannah	defender
position played on team / speciality	Christian Sukke (born 21 January 1993) is a Norwegian footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Sogndal on loan from Sarpsborg 08.	Christian Sukke	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Jerry Kazarian is a retired Armenian-American soccer forward who spent two seasons in the North American Soccer League.	Jerry Kazarian	forward
position played on team / speciality	Brett Benzio born April 27, 1990, is an American basketball center for the Tulane University Green Wave.	Brett Benzio	center
position played on team / speciality	James Sangala (born 20 August 1986) is a Malawian international footballer who plays for Angolan club side Primeiro de Agosto, as a defender.	James Sangala	defender
position played on team / speciality	Jeff Zaun (born April 2, 1971 in Orange, New Jersey) is a retired American soccer defender who is currently an assistant coach with the Rutgers University men's soccer team.	Jeff Zaun	defender
position played on team / speciality	Fevzi Tuncay (born 14 September 1977 in Muğla) is a Turkish football retired goalkeeper .	Fevzi Tuncay	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Bernd Brückler (born August 26, 1981 in Graz, Austria) is an Austrian professional ice hockey goaltender currently playing for EC KAC of the Austrian Hockey League (EBEL).	Bernd Brückler	goaltender
position played on team / speciality	Djamel Menad (Arabic: جمال مناد‎; born 22 July 1960 in El Bayadh) is a retired Algerian footballer who played as a forward, and a current manager.	Djamel Menad	forward
position played on team / speciality	Andrea Raggi (Italian pronunciation: (anˈdrɛa ˈraddʒi); born 24 June 1984) is an Italian football defender, currently playing for AS Monaco FC.	Andrea Raggi	defender
position played on team / speciality	Martin Munnelly is a retired American soccer midfielder who played professionally in Major League Soccer and the USISL.	Martin Munnelly	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Carlo Evertz (born 1 August 1990 in Germany) is a professional football midfielder who plays for La Calamine in the Belgian Third Division.	Carlo Evertz	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Miloš Čudić (Serbian Cyrillic: Милош Чудић; born 21 August 1996) is a Serbian football midfielder who plays for Žarkovo, on loan from SuperLiga club Rad.	Miloš Čudić	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Justin Booty (born 2 June 1976) is an English former footballer who played as a forward in the Football League for Colchester United.	Justin Booty	forward
position played on team / speciality	Vaiola Tiere (born 25 July 1977) in the Cook Islands is a footballer who plays as a goalkeeper.	Vaiola Tiere	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Lewis McLear (born 26 May 1996) is a Scottish professional footballer who plays for Stirling Albion, on loan from St. Mirren, as a midfielder.	Lewis McLear	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Mohd Anis Faron bin Ahmad Arsidi or better known as Mohd Anis Faron (born 9 November 1982) is a Malaysian footballer who plays as a goalkeeper.	Mohd Anis Faron	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Stanislav Hristov (Bulgarian: Станислав Христов) (born 28 September 1990) is a Bulgarian football player, currently playing for Spartak Varna as a defender.	Stanislav Hristov	defender
position played on team / speciality	Peter Simonini (born January 19, 1957 in Somerville, Massachusetts) was an American soccer goalkeeper who was the 1983 American Soccer League MVP.	Peter Simonini	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Njego Pesa is a former Yugoslavian-American soccer forward who played in the North American Soccer League and Major Indoor Soccer League.	Njego Pesa	forward
position played on team / speciality	Leung Kam Fai (Chinese: 梁金輝; Jyutping: loeng4 gam1 fai1, born 17 July 1986 in Hong Kong) is a Hong Kong footballer who played as a defender for Shatin.	Leung Kam Fai	defender
position played on team / speciality	Vladimír Kováč (born 29 April 1991 in Bojnice) is a Slovak football defender who currently plays for the German 2.	Vladimír Kováč	defender
position played on team / speciality	Guillermo Jara (born October 20, 1973 in Sacramento, California) was an American soccer forward who played four seasons in Major League Soccer.	Guillermo Jara	forward
position played on team / speciality	Amir Sayoud (Arabic: أمير سعيود‎) (born 31 August 1990) is an Algerian footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for DRB Tadjenanet in the Algerian Ligue Professionnelle 1.	Amir Sayoud	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Patrik Carlgren (born 8 January 1992 in Falun) is a Swedish footballer who plays for AIK as a goalkeeper.	Patrik Carlgren	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Jovana Sretenović (Serbian Cyrillic: Јована Сретеновић; born 4 February 1986) is a Serbian football player who played as a forward for Sloga Zemun, Mašinac Niš in the Serbian First League, SFK 2000, Olympia Sofia, and now plays for Elpides Karditsas.	Jovana Sretenović	forward
position played on team / speciality	Cameron Burgess is an Australian footballer who plays as a central or left defender for English club Cheltenham Town on loan from Fulham and is part of the Australian Olyroos team.	Cameron Burgess	defender
position played on team / speciality	Pierre Jamin (born 13 March 1987) is a French midfielder currently playing for Championnat de France amateur (CFA) Group C side Les Herbiers.	Pierre Jamin	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Vladimir Manolkov (Bulgarian: Владимир Манолков; born 8 December 1974) is a Bulgarian former football goalkeeper.	Vladimir Manolkov	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Jérôme Sykora (born April 14, 1971) is a former professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper.	Jérôme Sykora	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Lazar Zličić (Serbian Cyrillic: Лазар Зличић; born 7 February 1997) is a Serbian football midfielder who plays for Proleter Novi Sad on loan from Vojvodina.	Lazar Zličić	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Warundeep Singh is an Indian football player who plays as defender.	Warundeep Singh	defender
position played on team / speciality	Anton Khromykh (born 23 May 1982) is a professional Ukrainian football midfielder who is currently playing for Real Pharma Odesa.	Anton Khromykh	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Fabián Slančík (born 22 September 1991) is a Slovak football forward who currently plays for the Fortuna Liga club Spartak Myjava, on loan from FC Zbrojovka Brno.	Fabián Slančík	forward
position played on team / speciality	Daniel Santa Cruz Ferreira Almeida (born 22 April 1984), simply known as Daniel Almeida is a Portuguese professional footballer playing for Oriental as a defender.	Daniel Almeida	defender
position played on team / speciality	Marius Postolache (born 11 February 1984 in Timişoara) is a Romanian football player who currently plays in Liga I for Voința Sibiu as a midfielder.	Marius Postolache	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	José Jorquera Gutiérrez (born 1 April 1991) is a Chilean footballer who currently plays for the Chilean Primera División club Cobresal as goalkeeper.	José Jorquera	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	John Gahagan (born 24 August 1958 in Glasgow) is a Scottish former footballer who played as a left winger.	John Gahagan	winger
position played on team / speciality	Victor Manosalvas (born 14 December 1992) is an Ecuadorian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for the New York Red Bulls II in the USL.	Victor Manosalvas	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Demetris Economou (Greek: Δημήτρης Οικονόμου; born 10 November 1992 in Paralimni) is a Cypriot football defender who currently plays for Anorthosis Famagusta and the Cyprus national under-21 football team.	Demetris Economou	defender
position played on team / speciality	Luiz Carlos de Souza Pinto Junior or just Luiz Carlos (born 31 August 1980) is a Brazilian professional football forward.	Luiz Carlos de Souza Pinto	forward
position played on team / speciality	Cyprian Stanley Okoroigwe (born 1 October 1982) is an Nigerian footballer who plays as a forward.	Stanley Okoroigwe	forward
position played on team / speciality	Ndonga Mianga (born 2 May 1992) is a Democratic Republic of the Congolese footballer, who currently plays for TP Mazembe as a midfielder.	Ndonga Mianga	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Jesse Marsch (born November 8, 1973) is an American soccer coach and retired player midfielder, currently serving as head coach of the New York Red Bulls.	Jesse Marsch	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Roman Dorosh (Ukrainian: Роман Ігорович Дорош; born 1 January 1987 in Kyiv, Ukrainian SSR) is a Ukrainian football midfielder who played for FC Olimpik Donetsk in the Ukrainian First League.	Roman Dorosh	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Roberto Tobe Belope (born 14 July 1984), simply known as Tobe, is an Equatoguinean futsal player who plays for Carlisport Cogianco as a defender.	Roberto Tobe	defender
position played on team / speciality	Serge Roy (born June 25, 1962) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey defenceman and Olympian.	Serge Roy	defenceman
position played on team / speciality	Crispin Olando (born 3 January 1988) is a Kenyan international footballer who plays professionally as a midfielder.	Crispin Olando	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Jean Patrick Reis (born 25 June 1992), commonly known as Jean Patrick, is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder or right back for Brasileirão Série A club Vasco da Gama on loan from Luverdense.	Jean Patrick	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Martin Kavdanski (Bulgarian: Мартин Кавдански; born 13 February 1987 in Dupnitsa) is a Bulgarian footballer who plays as a defender for Lokomotiv Plovdiv.	Martin Kavdanski	defender
position played on team / speciality	Martina Moser is a Swiss football midfielder, currently playing for TSG Hoffenheim in the Bundesliga.	Martina Moser	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Paul Milone is a retired American soccer forward who played professionally in the Major Indoor Soccer League.	Paul Milone	forward
position played on team / speciality	Martin Toshev (Bulgarian: Мартин Тошев; born 15 August 1990 in Krupnik) is a Bulgarian footballer, who plays as a forward for Pirin Blagoevgrad.	Martin Toshev	forward
position played on team / speciality	Douglas Franco Teixeira (born 12 January 1988), simply known as Douglas, is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for Turkish club Trabzonspor, as a centre back.	Douglas Franco Teixeira	centre back
position played on team / speciality	Fiorin Durmishaj (born 14 November 1996 in Vlorë) is an Albanian professional footballer who plays as a forward for Football League side Kallithea.	Fiorin Durmishaj	forward
position played on team / speciality	Agustín Alayes (born 22 July 1978 in La Plata) is a retired Argentine footballer who played as defender.	Agustín Alayes	defender
position played on team / speciality	Fredrik Persson (born 20 February 1983) is a Swedish footballer who plays as a goalkeeper.	Fredrik Persson	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Borger Thomas (born 15 February 1995) is a Norwegian professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for HamKam, on loan from Strømsgodset Toppfotball.	Borger Thomas	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Ricardo Alonso was a soccer player who began as a forward before moving to defender later in his career.	Ricardo Alonso	defender
position played on team / speciality	Yamon Figurs (born January 10, 1983) is a former Canadian football wide receiver and return specialist.	Yamon Figurs	wide receiver
position played on team / speciality	Marco Haber (born 21 September 1971 in Grünstadt) is a retired German footballer who played mainly as a central midfielder.	Marco Haber	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Zlatan Alomerović (German pronunciation: (ˈzlaˈtaːn ˈaloːˈmɐˌɔvɪtʃ), Serbian Cyrillic: Златан Аломеровић; born 15 June 1991) is a Serbian-German footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for the German 2.	Zlatan Alomerović	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Bafo Biyela (11 January 1981 -- 17 September 2012) was a South African football (soccer) midfielder who last played for Thanda Royal Zulu.	Bafo Biyela	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Athiel Mbaha (born 5 December 1976 in Windhoek) is a Namibian football goalkeeper with United Africa Tigers.	Athiel Mbaha	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Syd Roberts (born March 1911) was an English professional footballer who played as an inside forward.	Syd Roberts	inside forward
position played on team / speciality	Jamel Zahiri (born November 8, 1985 in Les Pavillons-sous-Bois) is a French-born Moroccan football forward.	Jamel Zahiri	forward
position played on team / speciality	Miodrag Mitrović (born 14 July 1991) is a Swiss association football goalkeeper who plays for Krka.	Miodrag Mitrović	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Anatoliy Oprya (born 25 November 1977 in Ukraine) is a professional Ukrainian football midfielder who plays in the Ukrainian Premier League.	Anatoliy Oprya	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Josh Wicks (born November 1, 1983) is an American soccer player who plays as a goalkeeper.	Josh Wicks	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Mojtaba Ensafi (Persian: مجتبی انصافی‎, June 6, 1982) is an Iranian football defender, who plays for Sang Ahan.	Mojtaba Ensafi	defender
position played on team / speciality	Vilson Xavier de Menezes Júnior (born 3 April 1989 in São Gonçalo, Rio de Janeiro), simply known as Vilson, is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a central defender for Corinthians on loan from SEV Hortolândia.	Vilson Xavier de Menezes Júnior	defender
position played on team / speciality	Frankie Micallef (born 3 September 1945) was a Maltese international footballer who played for Floriana, as a midfielder.	Frankie Micallef	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	George Bray (11 November 1918 -- 13 February 2002) was an English professional footballer who played as a wing half.	George Bray	wing half
position played on team / speciality	Shaun Bodiford (born May 4, 1982, in Federal Way, Washington) is a former American football wide receiver.	Shaun Bodiford	wide receiver
position played on team / speciality	Behrouz Soltani (Persian: بهروز سلطانی‎) born December 31, 1957 in Tehran, Iran is a retired Iranian goalkeeper.	Behrouz Soltani	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Andreas Wessels (born July 6, 1964) is a retired German football goalkeeper.	Andreas Wessels	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Francisco Javier Reyes Acosta (born 7 February 1990 in La Ceiba, Honduras) is a Honduran footballer who currently plays as a goalkeeper for Liga Nacional de Honduras club Club Deportivo Victoria.	Francisco Javier Reyes	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Reynaldo Parks Pérez (born December 4, 1974) is a retired international Costa Rican football defender.	Reynaldo Parks	defender
position played on team / speciality	Necmettin Imac (born February 18, 1987 in Amsterdam) is a midfielder who is currently playing for Cambuur Leeuwarden.	Necmettin Imac	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Christophe Bertjens (born 5 January 1993 in Belgium) is a professional football midfielder.	Christophe Bertjens	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Najib Ammari (born 10 April 1992) is an Algerian footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for Latina in Serie B.	Najib Ammari	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Jeff Stock (born August 1, 1960 in Baltimore, Maryland) is a retired U.S. soccer defender who spent five seasons in the North American Soccer League and two in the Western Soccer Alliance.	Jeff Stock	defender
position played on team / speciality	Jiao Fengbo (Chinese:焦凤波) (born July 23, 1983 in Tianjin) is a Chinese football player who plays as a defender.	Jiao Fengbo	defender
position played on team / speciality	Radek Hochmeister (born 6 September 1982) is a professional football defender who has played in the Czech First League for various clubs.	Radek Hochmeister	defender
position played on team / speciality	Guilherme Mascarenhas Santana, the Guilherme born in the Brasília is a midfielder.	Guilherme Mascarenhas Santana	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Sebastián Prediger (born September 4, 1986 in Crespo, Entre Ríos) is an Argentine football midfielder currently playing for Belgrano.	Sebastián Prediger	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Leobardo López García (September 4, 1983) is a Mexican football defender.	Leobardo López	defender
position played on team / speciality	Honorine Corbel (born 11 May 1994) is a football defender, currently playing for En Avant Guingamp in the French First Division.	Honorine Corbel	defender
position played on team / speciality	Ümit Kurt played 35 matches with MKE Ankaragücü and managed to score 2 goals playing as a center back defender.	Ümit Kurt	defender
position played on team / speciality	Pavel Marinov (Bulgarian: Павел Маринов) (born June 12, 1988) is a Bulgarian professional basketball small forward who currently plays for Dinamo București.	Pavel Marinov	small forward
position played on team / speciality	Giuseppe Moro (16 January 1921 -- 28 January 1974) was an Italian football (soccer) player, who played as a goalkeeper.	Giuseppe Moro	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Roger José de Noronha Silva, or simply Roger is a Brazilian football goalkeeper.	Roger José de Noronha Silva	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Luiz Carlos Ferreira, best known as Luizinho (born in Nova Lima, Minas Gerais, Brasil, October 22, 1958) is a former association football player in defender role.	Luiz Carlos Ferreira	defender
position played on team / speciality	Yaroslav Kinash (Ukrainian: Ярослав Ростиславович Кінаш; born 16 April 1988 in Lviv, Ukrainian SSR) is a professional Ukrainian football midfielder who played for FC Volyn Lutsk in the Ukrainian Premier League.	Yaroslav Kinash	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Silvio Marić (born 20 March 1975) is a retired Croatian footballer who played as an attacking midfielder.	Silvio Marić	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Edward Weah Dixon (born May 8, 1976 in Monrovia) is a Liberian-French footballer (midfielder) playing currently for Thouars Foot 79.	Edward Weah Dixon	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Peter Friis Jensen (born May 2, 1988) is a Danish professional football goalkeeper, who currently plays for Danish club Viborg FF.	Peter Friis Jensen	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Kirk Furey (born January 28, 1976 in Glace Bay, Nova Scotia) is a Canadian retired ice hockey defenceman who is currently an assistant coach of EC KAC of the Austrian Hockey League (EBEL).	Kirk Furey	defenceman
position played on team / speciality	Oliveti Vai is an Tongan footballer who plays as a midfielder for Veitongo and the Tonga national football team.	Oliveti Vai	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Ali Msarri Rashid Abdullah Al Dhahri (Arabic: علي مسري راشد عبد الله الظاهري‎) is a UAE football (soccer) player who plays as a defender for Al Dhafra S.C.C. in the UAE Pro-League.	Ali Msarri	defender
position played on team / speciality	George Boote (1878 -- 1930) was an English football goalkeeper who played in the Football League for Burslem Port Vale and Stoke.	George Boote	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Paul Warhurst (born 26 September 1969) is an English former professional footballer who played as a defender, midfielder or as a makeshift striker from 1987 to 2007.	Paul Warhurst	defender
position played on team / speciality	Shawn McNeil (born March 17, 1978) is a professional ice hockey centre.	Shawn McNeil	centre
position played on team / speciality	Taner Ari (born 29 May 1987) is an Austrian footballer of Turkish descent who plays for Kastamonuspor 1966 as a defender.	Taner Ari	defender
position played on team / speciality	Venio Losert (born 25 July 1976) is a Croatian team handball player who plays at the goalkeeper position.	Venio Losert	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Jules Basile Onambele (born April 11, 1982) is a Cameroonian footballers who currently plays in midfielder for Persin Sinjai.	Jules Basile Onambele	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Riccardo Maniero (born 26 November 1987) is an Italian footballer who plays for Serie B club Bari, as a forward.	Riccardo Maniero	forward
position played on team / speciality	Sébastien Morel, born 21 January 1981 in Vichy (Allier), is a French rugby union and sevens player who plays as a centre for Stade rochelais (1.80 m, 88 kg).	Sébastien Morel	centre
position played on team / speciality	Kevin Koetters (born September 11, 1968 in Quincy, Illinois) is a retired U.S. soccer midfielder who spent most of his career in the U.S. indoor leagues as well as one with the Kansas City Wiz in Major League Soccer, one in the American Professional Soccer League and one in the USISL.	Kevin Koetters	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Ernesto Gómez Gómez (born 26 April 1985), known simply as Ernesto, is a Spanish professional footballer who plays as a midfielder.	Ernesto Gómez Gómez	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Mario Velarde Velázquez (29 March 1940 -- 19 August 1997) was a Mexican football midfielder, who played for the Selección de fútbol de México (Mexico national team) between 1962 and 1972.	Mario Velarde	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Sebastian Selke (born 22 February 1974) is retired a Germany football goalkeeper.	Sebastian Selke	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Kateryna Samson is an Ukrainian football goalkeeper currently playing for Zvezda Perm in the Russian Championship.	Kateryna Samson	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Pavol Pavlus (born 22 June 1974) is a Slovak football midfielder who played for clubs in Czechoslovakia, Russia and Austria.	Pavol Pavlus	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Attilio Trerè (9 October 1887 -- 2 January 1943) was an Italian professional footballer, who played as a midfielder and, in his early years, as a goalkeeper.	Attilio Trerè	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Bryan Jiménez González (born 22 January 1994) is a Dominican footballer who plays for Atlántico FC and the Dominican Republic national team as a right winger or forward.	Bryan Jiménez	winger	forward
position played on team / speciality	Joaquim Pereira da Silva (born 19 November 1974), known as Martelinho, is a Portuguese retired footballer who played as a right winger.	Martelinho	winger
position played on team / speciality	Dell Matthews (birthdate unknown) was a Negro Leagues pitcher for a few years before the founding of the first Negro National League.	Dell Matthews	pitcher
position played on team / speciality	Kevin Tumba (born February 23, 1991) is a Belgian-DR Congolese professional basketball player who usually plays at the center position.	Kevin Tumba	center
position played on team / speciality	Artem Bobukh (Ukrainian: Артем Олександрович Бобух; born 4 December 1988 in Sumy, Ukrainian SSR) is a Ukrainian football defender who is currently playing for Belshina Bobruisk.	Artem Bobukh	defender
position played on team / speciality	Milan Jurčina (Slovak pronunciation: (ˈmɪlan jurˈt͡ʃɪna); born June 7, 1983) is a Slovak professional ice hockey defenceman currently playing for Dinamo Riga of the Kontinental Hockey League (KHL).	Milan Jurčina	defenceman
present in work	Jessie Brewer R.N. (maiden name Murray) is a fictional character from the ABC Daytime soap opera General Hospital.	Jessie Brewer	General Hospital
present in work	Shikhandi (Sanskrit: शिखंडी, Śikhaṇḍī ; Indonesian, Srikandi) is a character in the Hindu epic, the Mahabharata.	Shikhandi	Mahabharata
present in work	Michael Cambias is a fictional character in the American daytime drama All My Children.	Michael Cambias	All My Children
present in work	Murasaki refers to both the heroine of the Genji Monogatari (The Tale of Genji), and the book's author, Murasaki Shikibu.	Murasaki	The Tale of Genji
present in work	Hareton Earnshaw is a character in Emily Brontë's novel Wuthering Heights.	Hareton Earnshaw	Wuthering Heights
present in work	Kevin Bernard is a fictional character on the TV crime drama Law & Order, portrayed by Anthony Anderson.	Kevin Bernard	Law & Order
present in work	Spy Changers are a sub-line of toys/characters which first appeared in the 2000-2001 Transformers Robots in Disguise (RiD) toy line.	Spy Changers	Transformers
present in work	Morris O'Brian is a fictional character from the TV series 24.	Morris O'Brian	24
present in work	Davos Seaworth (aka ``the Onion Knight'') is a fictional character from George R. R. Martin's A Song of Ice and Fire.	Davos Seaworth	A Song of Ice and Fire
present in work	Sheleph means ``drawing out'' or ``who draws out'' (Hitchcock's Bible Dictionary).	Sheleph	Bible
present in work	Deborah Fiderer is a fictional character in the NBC television series The West Wing.	Deborah Fiderer	The West Wing
present in work	Dogmatix is a fictional character, a tiny white terrier dog who belongs to Obelix in the Asterix comics.	Dogmatix	Asterix
present in work	Archie Johnson is a fictional character from the CBS crime drama CSI: Crime Scene Investigation, portrayed by Archie Kao.	Archie Johnson	CSI: Crime Scene Investigation
present in work	Amber Kalirai is a fictional character from the ITV soap opera Coronation Street, played by Nikki Patel, the character first appeared on-screen during the episode airing on 9 November 2005.	Amber Kalirai	Coronation Street
present in work	Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, shortened Hogwarts, is a fictional British school of magic for students aged eleven to eighteen, and is the primary setting for the first six books in J.K. Rowling's Harry Potter series.	Hogwarts	Harry Potter
present in work	Ellen Lowell (previously Cole and Stewart) is a fictional character from the American daytime soap opera As the World Turns.	Ellen Lowell	As the World Turns
present in work	Carly Snyder (maiden name Tenney; formerly Lowe, Munson, and Dixon) is a fictional character from the CBS soap opera As the World Turns.	Carly Snyder	As the World Turns
present in work	Kara Thrace (callsign ``Starbuck'') is a fictional character in the reimagined Battlestar Galactica series.	Kara Thrace	Battlestar Galactica
present in work	Ciaran McCarthy is a fictional character from the UK television ITV soap opera, Coronation Street portrayed by Keith Duffy.	Ciaran McCarthy	Coronation Street
present in work	Kieran Mitchell is a fictional character on the New Zealand soap opera Shortland Street who was portrayed by British actor Adam Rickitt through numerous high profile storylines from early 2007 to mid-2010.	Kieran Mitchell	Shortland Street
present in work	Edgar Stiles is a fictional character played by Louis Lombardi in the American television series 24.	Edgar Stiles	24
present in work	Selina Roberts (née Cook) is a fictional character from the Australian Channel Seven soap opera Home and Away, played by Tempany Deckert.	Selina Roberts	Home and Away
present in work	Camille Montes Rivero is a fictional character in the 2008 James Bond film Quantum of Solace portrayed by actress Olga Kurylenko.	Camille Montes	Quantum of Solace
present in work	Archie Hallam is a fictional character from the soap opera, Doctors.	Archie Hallam	Doctors
present in work	Clare Devine (previously Cunningham) is a fictional character from the British Channel 4 soap opera Hollyoaks, played by actresses Gemma Bissix and Samantha Rowley.	Clare Devine	Hollyoaks
present in work	Tommy Hyatt is a fictional character in the film Alice Doesn't Live Here Anymore and the television sitcom Alice.	Tommy Hyatt	Alice
present in work	Daniel Meade is a fictional character in the American dramedy series Ugly Betty, portrayed by Eric Mabius.	Daniel Meade	Ugly Betty
present in work	Pemberley is the fictional country estate owned by Fitzwilliam Darcy, the male protagonist in Jane Austen's novel Pride and Prejudice.	Pemberley	Pride and Prejudice
present in work	Devon Hamilton is a fictional character from the original CBS daytime soap opera The Young and the Restless.	Devon Hamilton	The Young and the Restless
present in work	Sylvanas Windrunner appears as a playable character in the crossover game Heroes of the Storm, having been introduced in a March 2015 patch during the game's closed beta.	Sylvanas Windrunner	Heroes of the Storm
present in work	Massimo Marone IV is a fictional character from the CBS soap opera The Bold and the Beautiful.	Massimo Marone	The Bold and the Beautiful
present in work	Raoul Duke is the fictional character and antihero based on Hunter S. Thompson in his autobiographical novel Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas.	Raoul Duke	Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas
present in work	The Moloko Plus, also called Knifey Moloko is a highball cocktail drink from the book A Clockwork Orange.	Moloko Plus	A Clockwork Orange
present in work	Perceptor was one of the known pre-1986 Autobots to survive The Transformers: The Movie, along with Jazz, Cliffjumper, Bumblebee, Blaster, Cosmos, Seaspray, Beachcomber, Warpath, Powerglide, Omega Supreme, the Aerialbots, the Protectobots, and the Dinobots.	Perceptor	The Transformers: The Movie
present in work	Riphath (Hebrew: ריפת) was Gomer's second son according to the Table of Nations in the Hebrew Bible (Gen. 10:3, 1 Chronicles 1:6).	Riphath	Bible
present in work	Most of what is known about Jeconiah is found in the Hebrew Bible.	Jeconiah	Bible
present in work	Ida Barlow (née Leathers) is a fictional character from the UK television ITV soap opera Coronation Street, she was played by actress Noel Dyson between 1960 and 1961.	Ida Barlow	Coronation Street
present in work	Terry Inglis (previously Miller and Robinson) is a fictional character from the Australian soap opera Neighbours played by Maxine Klibingaitis.	Terry Inglis	Neighbours
present in work	This Mirkwood features significantly in The Hobbit and in the film The Hobbit:	Mirkwood	The Hobbit
present in work	Maugrim is a fictional wolf, a servant of the White Witch in the book The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe by C. S. Lewis.	Maugrim	The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe
present in work	Nash Brennan is a fictional character on the American daytime drama One Life to Live, played by Forbes March from July 7, 2005 to June 5, 2008, and then briefly from June 6, 2008 to July 16, 2008.	Nash Brennan	One Life to Live
present in work	Micah Sanders, portrayed by Noah Gray-Cabey, is a fictional character on the NBC science fiction drama series Heroes and the newer Heroes Reborn.	Micah Sanders	Heroes
present in work	In 2003, Waterdeep and Undermountain served as part of the setting for the Neverwinter Nights computer role playing game expansion, Neverwinter Nights: Hordes of the Underdark, appearing in the first levels of the game.	Undermountain	Neverwinter Nights: Hordes of the Underdark
publication date	Ābols upē is a 1974 Latvian film.	Ābols upē	1974
publication date	Fiction Franck Cassenti, L'Affiche Rouge (1976) Robert Guédiguian, L'Armée Du Crime (2009) Documentary Stéphane Courtois and Mosco Boucault, Des terroristes à la retraite (1983) Pascal Convert (French), Mont-Valérien, aux noms des fusillés Denis Peschanski (French) --	Affiche Rouge	1976
publication date	Daddy, I'm a Zombie (Spanish: Papá, soy una zombi) is a 2011 Spanish animated comedy-drama film.	Daddy, I'm a Zombie	2011
publication date	Sloppy the Psychotic is a 2012 American horror film directed by Mike O'Mahony which follows a children's birthday party clown who suffers a mental breakdown and embarks on a psychotic killing spree.	Sloppy the Psychotic	2012
publication date	Hochwürden erbt das Paradies is a 1993 German comedy television film.	Hochwürden erbt das Paradies	1993
publication date	The Rubber Room is a 2010 documentary film about the reassignment centers run by the New York City Department of Education, which the filmmakers claim exist in various forms in school districts across the United States.	The Rubber Room	2010
publication date	ABC Sports Indy Racing is a racing computer game made in 1997.	ABC Sports Indy Racing	1997
publication date	``99 Luftballons'' (German: Neunundneunzig Luftballons, ``99 balloons'') is an anti-war protest song by the German band Nena from their 1983 self-titled album.	99 Luftballons	1983
publication date	Guardian Cherubs is a 2-dimensional puzzle video game developed by Markan Saha, and was released for the iPhone and the iPad in 2012.	Guardian Cherubs	2012
publication date	The Crazy Kids of the War (Italian: La Feldmarescialla, French: La grosse pagaille) is a 1967 Italian-French musicarello film directed by Steno.	The Crazy Kids of the War	1967
publication date	Night Mail is a 1936 documentary film about a London, Midland and Scottish Railway (LMS) mail train from London to Scotland, produced by the GPO Film Unit.	Night Mail	1936
publication date	The House on Pine Street is a 2015 independent psychological drama-horror film written by Aaron Keeling, Austin Keeling, and Natalie Jones, and directed by Aaron Keeling and Austin Keeling.	The House on Pine Street	2015
publication date	Dirty Wars is a 2013 American documentary film, which accompanies the book Dirty Wars:	Dirty Wars	2013
publication date	Ee Bandhana (Kannada: ಈ ಬಂಧನ) is a 2007 Indian Kannada family - drama film written, directed and co-produced by Vijayalakshmi Singh.	Ee Bandhana	2007
publication date	Hafalan Shalat Delisa (Delisa's Salat Recitation) is 2011 Indonesian drama film which was released on December 22, 2011.	Hafalan Shalat Delisa	2011
publication date	Panggilan Darah (Indonesian for Call of Blood) is a 1941 film from the Dutch East Indies (now Indonesia) written and directed by Sutan Usman Karim and produced by Tjho Seng Han for Oriental Film.	Panggilan Darah	1941
publication date	Silent Fall is a 1994 mystery film about a boy with autism who is the only witness to a savage double murder.	Silent Fall	1994
publication date	The Ring Two is a 2005 American psychological horror film, and a sequel to the 2002 film The Ring, which was a remake of the 1998 Japanese film Ringu.	The Ring Two	2005
publication date	Don Q, Son of Zorro is the 1925 sequel to the 1920 silent film The Mark of Zorro.	Don Q, Son of Zorro	1925
publication date	Brazil at War is a 1943 propaganda short documentary film produced by the Office of War Information and the Office of the Coordinator of Inter-American Affairs.	Brazil at War	1943
publication date	The Treasure Knights and the Secret of Melusina (Luxembourgish: D'Schatzritter an d'Geheimnis vum Melusina) is a 2012 German-Luxembourgian children's film.	The Treasure Knights and the Secret of Melusina	2012
publication date	Singapore Dreaming (simplified Chinese: 美满人生; traditional Chinese: 美滿人生; pinyin: Měimǎn Rénshēng ) is a 2006 film set in Singapore.	Singapore Dreaming	2006
publication date	In Song and Dance is a 1964 Australian documentary about the Northern Territory Eisteddfodd held between July 4-13, 1964.	In Song and Dance	1964
publication date	Red Line 7000 is a 1965 American motion picture released by Paramount Pictures.	Red Line 7000	1965
publication date	I Cover Big Town is a 1947 American drama film directed by William C. Thomas and written by Maxwell Shane.	I Cover Big Town	1947
publication date	Arthur Takes Over is a 1948 American comedy film directed by Malcolm St. Clair and written by Mauri Grashin.	Arthur Takes Over	1948
publication date	The Nuttiest Nutcracker is a 1999 direct-to-video Christmas film loosely based on the classic tale The Nutcracker, directed by Harold Harris, starring the voices of James Belushi, Cheech Marin, and Phyllis Diller.	The Nuttiest Nutcracker	1999
publication date	Pune Via Bihar (Devanagari: पुणे via बिहार) set to release on 31 January 2014, is an Indian Marathi language film.	Pune Via Bihar	2014
publication date	Kitturiaq is a 2013 Canadian documentary film by Frank Wolf that follows two friends on a remote 620 km wilderness canoe journey over the vast Labrador Plateau.	Kitturiaq	2013
publication date	Singin' the Blues is the 1956 debut album by blues performer B.B. King on the Bihari brothers' Crown label.	Singin' the Blues	1956
publication date	The Pool Boys, also known as American Summer, is a 2011 comedy film directed by James B. Rogers.	The Pool Boys	2011
publication date	A Woman Called Golda is a 1982 American made-for-television film biopic of Israeli Prime Minister Golda Meir.	A Woman Called Golda	1982
publication date	The Collected Short Stories of Roald Dahl is a 1991 short story collection for adults by Roald Dahl.	The Collected Short Stories of Roald Dahl	1991
publication date	Parijatha is a 2012 Indian Kannada romantic film directed by Prabhu Srinivas.	Parijatha	2012
publication date	Ek Thi Reeta (A Girl Called Reeta) is a 1971 Bollywood action comedy thriller, produced and directed by Roop K. Shorey.	Ek Thi Reeta	1971
publication date	It Comes Up Love is a 1943 American, black and white, musical comedy starring Gloria Jean, Ian Hunter, and Donald O'Connor.	It Comes Up Love	1943
publication date	Yitzhak Rabin: a Biography is a 2004 two-part documentary film that tells the life story of the former Israeli Prime Minister and Nobel Laureates, Yitzhak Rabin.	Yitzhak Rabin: a Biography	2004
publication date	Strawberry Shortcake and the Baby Without a Name is an animated television special from 1984, produced by Nelvana.	Strawberry Shortcake and the Baby Without a Name	1984
publication date	Until September is a 1984 romantic drama film.	Until September	1984
publication date	A Wedding for Bella (formerly titled The Bread, My Sweet) is a 2001 motion picture that told the story of a successful businessman who trades in his single lifestyle to marry the estranged daughter of a terminally ill elderly woman whom he loves like a mother.	A Wedding for Bella	2001
publication date	Spirit of the Marathon II is a 2013 documentary film directed by Jon Dunham, and the sequel to the 2008 film, Spirit of the Marathon.	Spirit of the Marathon II	2013
publication date	Love Always, Carolyn is a 2011 English-language Swedish documentary film written and directed by Malin Korkeasalo and Maria Ramström.	Love Always, Carolyn	2011
publication date	Eeramana Rojave (Tamil: ஈரமான ரோஜாவே) is a 1991 Indian Tamil film, directed and produced by Keyaar.	Eeramana Rojave	1991
publication date	Trisha Illana Nayanthara (If not Trisha, then Nayanthara) is a 2015 Indian Tamil adult comedy film written and directed by Adhik Ravichandran.	Trisha Illana Nayanthara	2015
publication date	Bobbili Yuddham is a 1964 Telugu, historical epic war film, produced and directed by C. Seetaram.	Bobbili Yuddham	1964
publication date	Positive I.D. is a 1987 American crime film written and directed by Andy Anderson.	Positive I.D.	1987
publication date	L'altra faccia del padrino (internationally released as The Funny Face of the Godfather) is a 1973 Italian parody film directed by Franco Prosperi.	The Funny Face of the Godfather	1973
publication date	Otan leipei i gata (Greek: Όταν λείπει η γάτα) is a 1962 Greek comedy film made by Finos Films.	Otan leipei i gata	1962
publication date	A Song a Day is a 1936 Fleischer Studios animated short film starring Betty Boop and featuring Grampy.	A Song a Day	1936
publication date	Stalag 17 is a 1953 war film which tells the story of a group of American airmen held in a German World War II prisoner of war camp, who come to suspect that one of their number is an informant.	Stalag 17	1953
publication date	Advance to the Rear is a light-hearted 1964 American western comedy film set in the American Civil War.	Advance to the Rear	1964
publication date	Bells of Innocence is 2003 Christian film directed by Alin Bijan and written by Chris Bessey.	Bells of Innocence	2003
publication date	Dil Vil Pyar Vyar (Hindi: दिल विल प्यार व्यार) is a 2002 Bollywood romantic drama film.	Dil Vil Pyar Vyar	2002
publication date	Dig It! is a jazz album by The Red Garland Quintet, recorded in 1957 and 1958 but not released until 1962 on the Prestige label as PRLP 7229.	Dig It!	1962
publication date	Somberi is a 2008 Telugu Movie directed, written by renowned poet Jonnavithula.	Somberi	2008
publication date	Chained for Life is a 1951 exploitation film featuring the famous conjoined (``Siamese'') Hilton Twins, Daisy and Violet.	Chained for Life	1951
publication date	Planet Raptor is a 2007 science-fiction made-for-television film directed by Gary Jones.	Planet Raptor	2007
publication date	The Fremantle Conspiracy is a 1992 Australian mini series based on the 1876 escape by some Fenians from Fremantle Gaol.	The Fremantle Conspiracy	1992
publication date	The Gambler's Charm is a 1910 silent short film drama produced by the Lubin Manufacturing Company and distributed through General Film Company.	The Gambler's Charm	1910
publication date	Nallathambi (Tamil: நல்லதம்பி) is a 1949 Tamil film starring and produced by N. S. Krishnan.	Nallathambi	1949
publication date	Desperate Teenage Lovedolls is a 1984 low budget underground film, shot on super-8 film by David Markey, about a rock band of teenage runaways.	Desperate Teenage Lovedolls	1984
publication date	A Man Who Was Superman (Hangul: 슈퍼맨이었던 사나이; RR: Syupeomaen-ieotteon sanai) is a 2008 South Korean film directed by Jeong Yoon-chul.	A Man Who Was Superman	2008
publication date	Zeta One is a 1970 British comedy science fiction film directed by Michael Cort and starring James Robertson Justice, Charles Hawtrey and Robin Hawdon.	Zeta One	1970
publication date	Sadie Thompson is a 1928 American silent drama film that tells the story of a ``fallen woman'' who comes to Pago Pago on the island of Tutuila to start a new life, but encounters a zealous missionary who wants to force her back to her former life in San Francisco.	Sadie Thompson	1928
publication date	The Lead Singer and Dancer and His Woman (Chinese: 伞头和他的女人) is a 2015 Chinese romantic drama film directed by Niu Jianrong.	The Lead Singer and Dancer and His Woman	2015
publication date	The Story of the Kelly Gang is a 1906 Australian silent film that traces the life of legendary bushranger and outlaw Ned Kelly (1854--1880).	The Story of the Kelly Gang	1906
publication date	Traces of Death is a 1993 direct-to-video, Z movie shockumentary that consists of various scenes of stock footage depicting death and real scenes of violence.	Traces of Death	1993
publication date	7 Women, also known as Seven Women, is a 1966 film drama made by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.	7 Women	1966
publication date	Complexo - Universo Paralelo is a 2011 Portuguese documentary film about life in the most dangerous favela in Rio de Janeiro, Complexo do Alemão, directed by Mário Patrocínio.	Complexo - Universo Paralelo	2011
publication date	Our Country Cousin is a 1914 American short comedy film starring Fatty Arbuckle.	Our Country Cousin	1914
publication date	Adventures of the Flying Cadets is a 13-episode 1943 Universal film serial.	Adventures of the Flying Cadets	1943
publication date	A Árvore dos Sexos is a 1977 Brazilian pornochanchada film directed by Silvio de Abreu.	A Árvore dos Sexos	1977
publication date	Polleke is a 2003 Dutch family film, based on the children's book by Guus Kuijer.	Polleke	2003
publication date	``Jag mår illa'' is a song written by Magnus Uggla and Anders Henriksson, and recorded by Magnus Uggla on his 1989 studio album 35-åringen.	Jag mår illa	1989
publication date	A Christmas Horror Story is a 2015 anthology horror film that was directed by Grant Harvey, Steven Hoban, and Brett Sullivan.	A Christmas Horror Story	2015
publication date	Sankhagaanam is a 1979 Indian Malayalam film, directed by PA Bakker and produced by Salam Karassery.	Sankhagaanam	1979
publication date	Dwaar (Assamese: দুৱাৰ, The Voyage out) is a 2013 Assamese drama film directed by Bidyut Chakravarty, with his own screenplay, and produced by Sanjive Narain and Bidyut Chakravarty himself.	Dwaar	2013
publication date	Rungoli (Hindi: रंगोली; Urdu: رنگولی‎; translation: A Colourful Pattern of Life, also transliterated as Rangoli) is a 1962 Black-and-white Romance comedy Hindi film directed by Amar Kumar.	Rungoli	1962
publication date	Assata aka Joanne Chesimard is a 2008 biographical film directed by Fred Baker.	Assata aka Joanne Chesimard	2008
publication date	Los martes, orquídeas (On Tuesdays, Orchids) is a 1941 Argentine black and white comedy film which won the Argentine Best Picture award for 1941.	Los martes, orquídeas	1941
publication date	In a Savage Land is a 1999 Australian film set in New Guinea just prior to and during World War Two.	In a Savage Land	1999
publication date	Hilltop Hospital is a claymation children's television programme made in 1999.	Hilltop Hospital	1999
publication date	Last Days Here is a 2011 American documentary film featuring Bobby Liebling, lead singer of the American heavy metal band Pentagram.	Last Days Here	2011
publication date	Mountaintop Motel Massacre (also known as Mountaintop Motel) is a 1986 American horror film written and directed by Jim McCullough Sr. and starring Anna Chappell, Bill Thurman, and Amy Hill.	Mountaintop Motel Massacre	1986
publication date	Variety Girl is a 1947 American musical comedy film produced by Paramount Pictures.	Variety Girl	1947
publication date	Naan Sollum Ragasiyam (Tamil: நான் சொல்லும் ரகசியம்) is a 1959 Indian Tamil film, directed by P. Sridhar Rao and produced by V. C. Subburaman.	Naan Sollum Ragasiyam	1959
publication date	Chickie was a 1925 silent drama film produced and released by First National Pictures.	Chickie	1925
publication date	Berkman worked on The Bolshevik Myth throughout 1923 and it was published in January 1925.	The Bolshevik Myth	1925
publication date	The Last Bullet is a 1995 Australian film about a Japanese soldier and Australian soldier who fight in World War Two.	The Last Bullet	1995
publication date	La estación de la Calle Olvera is a 2008 American drama television film directed by Pablo Garcia.	La estación de la Calle Olvera	2008
publication date	The Last House on the Beach (Italian: La settima donna, also known as Terror and The Seventh Woman) is a 1978 Italian rape and revenge-thriller film directed by Franco Prosperi.	The Last House on the Beach	1978
publication date	Neramu Siksha (English title: Crime and Punishment; Telugu: నేరము -- శిక్ష) is a 1973 Telugu film directed by K. Viswanath.	Neramu Siksha	1973
publication date	A-Lad-In His Lamp is a 1948 Warner Bros. Looney Tunes cartoon starring Bugs Bunny and featuring the Genie and Caliph Hassan Pfeiffer who is after Bugs and the Genie in his lamp.	A-Lad-In His Lamp	1948
publication date	Kunwara Jeeja is an Indian Punjabi movie released in 1985.	Kunwara Jeeja	1985
publication date	El Amor y la ciudad (English: The Love and the City) is a 2006 Argentine romantic drama film directed and written by María Teresa Constantini.	El Amor y la ciudad	2006
publication date	Hard Head is a 1988 arcade platform game made by SunA corporation.	Hard Head	1988
publication date	In Old Mexico is a 1938 American Western film directed by Edward D. Venturini and written by Harrison Jacobs.	In Old Mexico	1938
publication date	Me and Her is a 2006 short film jointly commissioned by, the UK Film Council, Scottish Screen and Glasgow Media Access Centre.	Me and Her	2006
publication date	Ek Thi Ladki (There Was A Girl) is a 1949 Hindi action comedy film by director Roop K. Shorey.	Ek Thi Ladki	1949
publication date	Undergrounders is a novel written by Canadian author David Skuy, published by Scholastic Canada in 2011 and winner of the 2012 Silver Birch award.	Undergrounders	2011
publication date	The earlier collection contained seven of the ten stories in Swords Against Death, plus an ``Induction'' omitted from the expanded edition, which was instead republished in its companion volume, Swords and Deviltry (1970).	Swords Against Death	1970
publication date	Hoodlum & Son is a 2003 comedy-crime film.	Hoodlum & Son	2003
publication date	The New Year Parade is a 2008 drama film filmed and directed by Tom Quinn with lighting and audio work by Mark Doyle.	The New Year Parade	2008
publication date	Mis hijos (``My Children'') is a 1944 Mexican film.	Mis hijos	1944
publication date	La bonne cuisine de Madame E. Saint-Ange is a French cookbook written by Marie Ébrard under the name E. Saint-Ange and published in 1927 by Larousse.	La bonne cuisine de Madame E. Saint-Ange	1927
publication date	The Big Pond is a 1930 American Pre-Code romantic comedy film based on a 1928 play of the same name by George Middleton and A.E. Thomas.	The Big Pond	1930
publication date	Red Lines is a 2014 documentary film produced by Spark Media in 2014.	Red Lines	2014
publication date	The Hunting of the President is a 2004 English language documentary film about Bill Clinton.	The Hunting of the President	2004
publication date	Shadow Sorcerer is a 1991 role-playing video game.	Shadow Sorcerer	1991
publication date	Joe Montana Football missed the Christmas deadline and was released in January 1991, shortly after the Genesis version of John Madden Football.	Joe Montana Football	January 1991
publication date	Ardennes Fury (aka Battle of the Ardennes: Fury) is a 2014 direct-to-video war film written, co-edited, and directed by Jeremy M. Inman.	Ardennes Fury	2014
publication date	Betty Boop, M.D. is a 1932 Fleischer Studio animated short film starring Betty Boop, and featuring Koko the Clown and Bimbo.	Betty Boop, M.D.	1932
publication date	Chitrangi (Tamil: சித்ராங்கி) is a 1964 Indian Tamil film, directed by R. S. Mani.	Chitrangi	1964
publication date	Violent Road, also known as Hell's Highway, is a 1958 American remake of The Wages of Fear.	Violent Road	1958
publication date	Onbadhule Guru is a 2013 Indian Tamil comedy film written and directed by P. T. Selvakumar.	Onbadhule Guru	2013
publication date	Class of '76 is a British drama screened on ITV in October 2005, written by John Ireland and directed by Ashley Pearce.	Class of '76	2005
publication date	Veer Tejaji is a Rajasthani language movie, based on the life of Tejaji, made in 1982.	Veer Tejaji	1982
publication date	Lilo & Stitch is a 2002 American animated adventure comedy film produced by Walt Disney Feature Animation and released by Walt Disney Pictures on June 21, 2002.	Lilo & Stitch	2002
publication date	Boy Eating the Bird's Food (Greek: Το Αγόρι Τρώει το Φαγητό του Πουλιού, translit. To agori troei to fagito tou pouliou) is a 2012 Greek drama film written and directed by Ektoras Lygizos.	Boy Eating the Bird's Food	2012
publication date	Long Road to Heaven is a 2007 Indonesian feature film about the 2002 Bali bombing, by Kalyana Shira Films.	Long Road to Heaven	2007
publication date	The Age of Insects is a 1990 American film directed and written by Eric Marciano (Marano).	The Age of Insects	1990
publication date	Puthiya Paravai (English: New Bird) is a 1964 Indian Tamil romantic thriller film directed by Dada Mirasi.	Puthiya Paravai	1964
publication date	Lotte and the Moonstone Secret (Estonian: Lotte ja kuukivi saladus) is a 2011 Estonian animated film directed by Heiki Ernits and Janno Põldma.	Lotte and the Moonstone Secret	2011
publication date	Spiderdroid is a 1987 video game for the Atari 2600.	Spiderdroid	1987
publication date	The Proud Youth is a 1978 Hong Kong film loosely based on Louis Cha's novel The Smiling, Proud Wanderer.	The Proud Youth	1978
publication date	Institute Benjamenta, or This Dream People Call Human Life, released in 1996, was the first feature-length film by the Brothers Quay, produced by Keith Griffiths and Janine Marmot.	Institute Benjamenta	1996
publication date	Gudumba Shankar is a 2004 Telugu action comedy movie directed by Veera Shankar and produced by Nagendra Babu.	Gudumba Shankar	2004
publication date	Sacrifices of the Heart (working title Spring Thaw) is a 2007 television film starring Melissa Gilbert and Ken Howard that aired on Hallmark Channel in 2007.	Sacrifices of the Heart	2007
publication date	Where Pigeons Go to Die is a 1990 made-for-television film written and directed by Michael Landon based on the novel by R. Wright Campbell.	Where Pigeons Go to Die	1990
publication date	Aardvark'd: 12 Weeks with Geeks is a 2005 documentary film about the development of Fog Creek Copilot, a remote assistance software tool.	Aardvark'd: 12 Weeks with Geeks	2005
publication date	Billy and Percy is a 1974 Australian TV movie based on journals kept by Percy Dean, private secretary to Australian Prime Minister Billy Hughes.	Billy and Percy	1974
publication date	Las tandas del principal (``The Batches of the Principal'') is a 1949 Mexican film.	Las tandas del principal	1949
publication date	Shinsukki Blues is a 2004 South Korean film about a smarmy corporate lawyer who magically switches bodies with a pro bono defense attorney with the same name.	Shinsukki Blues	2004
publication date	Fanie Fourie's Lobola is a 2013 South African romantic comedy based on the novel (of the same name) by Nape à Motana.	Fanie Fourie's Lobola	2013
publication date	The Harvester is a 1936 American comedy film directed by Joseph Santley and written by Homer Croy, Robert Lee Johnson, Elizabeth Meehan and Gertrude Orr.	The Harvester	1936
publication date	Sacred Flesh is a 1999 British nunsploitation film.	Sacred Flesh	1999
publication date	Atout coeur à Tokyo pour OSS 117 is a 1966 French Eurospy spy-fi film.	Atout coeur à Tokyo pour OSS 117	1966
publication date	Wednesday's Luck is a 1936 British crime film directed by George Pearson and starring Wilson Coleman, Susan Bligh, Patrick Barr and Moore Marriott.	Wednesday's Luck	1936
publication date	Summer 2007 is a 2008 Indian drama film directed by the debutant Suhail Tatari.	Summer 2007	2008
publication date	Andhi Mayakkam is a 1981 Tamil Indian feature film directed by Banudasan for producer A.V.Raja Reddiyar.	Andhi Mayakkam	1981
publication date	Daagdi Chaawl (Marathi: दगडी चाळ) (also known as Dagdi Chawl) is a 2015 Marathi language action drama thriller film directed by debutant Chandrakant Kanse.	Daagdi Chaawl	2015
publication date	Alla får påsar is a 1993 album by Swedish pop and rock artist Magnus Uggla.	Alla får påsar	1993
publication date	A Happy Coersion is a 1914 American silent short comedy film based on a story by Theodosia Harris.	A Happy Coersion	1914
publication date	Police Nurse is a 1963 American drama film directed by Maury Dexter and written by Harry Spalding.	Police Nurse	1963
publication date	Back to the Secret Garden is a 2001 family fantasy film.	Back to the Secret Garden	2001
publication date	Dark and Stormy Night is a 2009 independent film spoofing the haunted house and murder mystery films produced by Hollywood in the 1930s and 40s.	Dark and Stormy Night	2009
publication date	Rama Krishna (Kannada: ರಾಮಕೃಷ್ಣ) is a 2004 Indian Kannada language romantic comedy film directed by Om Sai Prakash and produced by K. Bala Mutthaiah.	Rama Krishna	2004
publication date	Satellite in the Sky is a 1956 British science fiction film.	Satellite in the Sky	1956
publication date	Vincent and Me (French-language title: Vincent et moi) is a 1990 Canadian fantasy film.	Vincent and Me	1990
publication date	Carve Her Name with Pride is a black-and-white 1958 British war drama film based on the book of the same name by R.J. Minney.	Carve Her Name with Pride	1958
publication date	Blood into Wine is a 2010 documentary film about the Northern Arizona wine industry focusing on Maynard James Keenan and Eric Glomski and their Caduceus brand wine.	Blood into Wine	2010
publication date	The Man from Hong Kong (known in the U.S.A. as The Dragon Flies) is a 1975 action film that marked the first Australian-Hong Kong co-production filmed in both nations.	The Man from Hong Kong	1975
publication date	Thank You a Lot is a 2014 American drama film directed by Matt Muir.	Thank You a Lot	2014
publication date	Alina, the Turkish Assassin is a 2012 film written by Seda Egridere and directed by Vladimir Jedlicka.	Alina, the Turkish Assassin	2012
publication date	Tumi Je Aamar (Bengali: তুমি যে আমার) is a 1994 Bengali film directed by Indar Sen.The film has been music composed by Babul Bose.	Tumi Je Aamar	1994
publication date	My Suicidal Sweetheart is an 2005 American independent dark comedy film written and produced by Michael Parness.	My Suicidal Sweetheart	2005
publication date	Trip with the Teacher is a 1975 horror film written, produced and directed by Earl Barton.	Trip with the Teacher	1975
publication date	Zeynep's Eight Days (Turkish: Zeynep'in Sekiz Günü) is a 2007 Turkish drama film, written and directed by Cemal Şan, starring Fadik Sevin Atasoy as an isolated woman searching for a stranger she fell in love with at a party.	Zeynep's Eight Days	2007
publication date	Aparichithan (Malayalam : അപരിചിതന്‍) (English: The Stranger) is a 2004 Malayalam horror film directed by Sanjeev Sivan in his directorial debut.	Aparichithan	2004
publication date	Angel Square is a 1990 Canadian film set in 1945 and based on the novel of the same title by Brian Doyle.	Angel Square	1990
publication date	Skyrunners is an American-Canadian sci-fi action/thriller Disney XD Original Movie that premiered on Disney XD on November 27, 2009.	Skyrunners	2009
publication date	Dick Tracy vs. Cueball is a 1946 American pulp action film based on the 1930s comic strip character of the same name created by Chester Gould.	Dick Tracy vs. Cueball	1946
publication date	Bank Manager is a 1959 Bollywood film starring Kamini Kaushal.	Bank Manager	1959
publication date	A Matter of Convenience is a 1987 Australian television film about a woman who decides to get married for profit and convenience.	A Matter of Convenience	1987
publication date	Smash-Up, the Story of a Woman, also called A Woman Destroyed, is a 1947 American drama film with elements of Film Noir, which tells the story of a rising nightclub.singer who marries another singer, whose career takes off, then falls into alcoholism after giving up her career for him.	Smash-Up, the Story of a Woman	1947
publication date	Bozo's Night Out is an action computer game developed and published by Taskset Ltd. in 1984 for the Commodore 64.	Bozo's Night Out	1984
publication date	Pawn Sacrifice is a 2014 American biographical thriller-drama film It is based on the true story of Bobby Fischer's challenge against top Soviet chess grandmasters during the Cold War and culminating in the 1972 World Chess Championship match versus Boris Spassky in Reykjavik, Iceland.	Pawn Sacrifice	2014
publication date	The Indians Are Coming is a 1930 American Pre-Code Universal movie serial based on The Great West That Was by William ``Buffalo Bill'' Cody.	The Indians Are Coming	1930
publication date	Opéra Industriel is a short film produced by Pacific Data Images in 1986.	Opéra Industriel	1986
publication date	War of Legends was released on 19 January 2010 as Jagex's first non-Java based game, and first to feature microtransactions.	War of Legends	19 January 2010
publication date	Scream Park is a 2013 horror film by American director Cary Hill and his directorial debut.	Scream Park	2013
publication date	Lust for Love is a 2014 independent romantic comedy film written and directed by Anton King.	Lust for Love	2014
publication date	Granny O'Grimm's Sleeping Beauty is a six-minute-long CG/flash animated socially satirical black comedy short film, directed by Nicky Phelan and produced by Darragh O'Connell of Brown Bag Films in 2008, it was also written by Kathleen O'Rourke.	Granny O'Grimm's Sleeping Beauty	2008
publication date	Hollywood Lights is a 1932 American Pre-Code comedy film directed by Fatty Arbuckle, starring Rita Flynn, Virginia Brooks, Tut Mace, and Ted O'Shea.	Hollywood Lights	1932
publication date	Father's Lion is an animated short film in the Goofy series, produced in Technicolor by Walt Disney Productions and released to theaters on January 4, 1952 by RKO Radio Pictures.	Father's Lion	1952
publication date	Devil in My Ride is a 2013 American horror comedy movie and the feature film directorial debut of Gary Michael Schultz, who also co-wrote the movie's script.	Devil in My Ride	2013
publication date	Our Nixon made its North American debut at 2013 South by Southwest and its international debut at the 42nd International Film Festival Rotterdam.	Our Nixon	2013
publication date	Theerthadanam (2001) is a Malayalam film directed by G. R. Kannan and written by M. T. Vasudevan Nair based on his story Vanaprastham.	Theerthadanam	2001
publication date	Time of the Comet (Albanian: Koha e Kometës) is a 2008 Albanian historical drama/black comedy film adapted from a novel by Ismail Kadare titled Black Year (Albanian: Viti i Mbrapshtë).	Time of the Comet	2008
publication date	In January 2009, IGN ranked Drop7 #2 on its list of The Top 25 iPhone Games.	Drop7	2009
publication date	Nos 18 ans is a French comedy teen film directed by Frédéric Berthe and released in 2008.	Nos 18 ans	2008
publication date	Happy Birthday BBC Two is a British entertainment television film that was first broadcast on BBC Two on 20 April 2004 to commemorate the channel's 40th birthday.	Happy Birthday BBC Two	2004
publication date	Crude Impact is a 2006 film written and directed by James Jandak Wood.	Crude Impact	2006
publication date	The Great Question is a 1915 American silent short romantic drama film written and directed by Thomas Ricketts.	The Great Question	1915
publication date	Men Shouldn't Sing had its premiere on 2 December 2007 at the Isaac Theatre Royal in Christchurch, New Zealand.	Men Shouldn't Sing	2007
publication date	Everybody Has Secrets (Hangul: 누구나 비밀은 있다; RR: Nuguna bimireun itda) is a 2004 South Korean romantic comedy film.	Everybody Has Secrets	2004
publication date	Keeping the Promise is a 1997 historical drama television film based on the children's novel The Sign of the Beaver by Elizabeth George Speare.	Keeping the Promise	1997
publication date	The Beast and the Beauty (Hangul: 야수와 미녀; RR: Yasuwa minyeo) is a 2005 South Korean romantic comedy film.	The Beast and the Beauty	2005
publication date	Bad Hurt is a 2015 American film directed by Mark Kemble.	Bad Hurt	2015
publication date	Crackheads Gone Wild is a 2006 documentary produced by Jarrod Donoman about cocaine users in Atlanta.	Crackheads Gone Wild	2006
publication date	Zombies Anonymous (originally Last Rites of the Dead) is a horror/comedy zombie film released in 2006, starring Gina Ramsden and Joshua Nelson.	Last Rites of the Dead	2006
publication date	Black Prophecy was launched in Europe on 21 March 2011.	Black Prophecy	21 March 2011
publication date	Valley of the Stereos (1992) is a New Zealand film written by Costa Botes and George Port and produced by James Booth and Peter Jackson.	Valley of the Stereos	1992
publication date	Who's Who in Animal Land is a 1944 short comedy film directed by Leslie M. Roush.	Who's Who in Animal Land	1944
publication date	The pilot episode for 12 oz. Mouse, ``Hired'', premiered on June 19, 2005.	12 oz. Mouse	2005
publication date	I Am a Dancer is a 1972 ballet film.	I Am a Dancer	1972
publication date	Envane is the Sixth EP by British electronic music duo Autechre, released by Warp Records on 27 January 1997.	Envane	27 January 1997
publication date	Chirru (Kannada: ಚಿರು) is a 2010 Kannada romantic- action film directed by Mahesh Babu and written by Swamiji.	Chirru	2010
publication date	Mera Jiwan (Hindi: मेरा जीवन; translation: My Life) is a Hindi drama film released on 1 January 1976.	Mera Jiwan	1976
publication date	Divine Food: 100 Years in the Kosher Delicatessen Trade is a 1998 American documentary film directed by Bill Chayes about how immigrant butcher Isaac Oscherwitz became the patriarch of a kosher food corporation that serves the dietary needs of Jewish people across the United States.	Divine Food	1998
publication date	Porky & Daffy is a 1938 Warner Bros. cartoon produced by Leon Schlesinger.	Porky & Daffy	1938
publication date	For All Eternity is a 1917 British silent crime film directed by A.E. Coleby and Arthur Rooke and starring Janet Alexander, Malvina Longfellow and Arthur Rooke.	For All Eternity	1917
publication date	Pasivadi Pranam (Telugu: పసివాడి ప్రాణం) is a 1987 Telugu language film.	Pasivadi Pranam	1987
publication date	Big School-Break (or Big Break translit. Bolshaya Peremena, Russian: Большая перемена) is a Soviet 1972 TV miniseries in 4 episodes.	Big School-Break	1972
publication date	Tokyo File 212 (Japanese: 東京ファイル212) is a 1951 Japanese-American film directed by Dorrell McGowan and Stuart E. McGowan.	Tokyo File 212	1951
publication date	The Best of Benny Hill is a 1974 film spinoff from the television comedy series The Benny Hill Show.	The Best of Benny Hill	1974
publication date	Majaal (English: Audacity) is a 1987 Indian Bollywood film produced by Srikanth Nahata on Vijayalakshmi Pictures banner and directed by K. Bapaiah.	Majaal	1987
publication date	Refused Are Fucking Dead is a 2006 documentary about the punk band Refused and the last year of their career.	Refused Are Fucking Dead	2006
publication date	Farm Frenzy started to take shape when Alex Meleshkevich, CEO of Belarus-based casual game developer Melesta, met Kirill Plotnikov, vice president of publishing for Alawar Entertainment, at Casual Connect 2007.	Farm Frenzy	2007
publication date	Hyppolit, the Butler (Hungarian: Hyppolit, a lakáj) is a 1931 black-and-white Hungarian film comedy of manners.	Hyppolit, the Butler	1931
publication date	Packing the Monkeys, Again! (Montenegrin: Opet pakujemo majmune) is a 2004 Montenegrin drama film directed by Marija Perović.	Packing the Monkeys, Again!	2004
publication date	Shark Attack 2 is a 2001 direct-to-video horror film based in Wick, Scotland.	Shark Attack 2	2001
publication date	The Street with No Name is a 1948 black-and-white film noir.	The Street with No Name	1948
publication date	Buford's Beach Bunnies is a 1993 American comedy film featuring Jim Hanks.	Buford's Beach Bunnies	1993
publication date	The Falcon in Hollywood is a 1944 film which was the tenth of sixteen in the Falcon series.	The Falcon in Hollywood	1944
publication date	Chaukat Raja (Marathi: चौकट राजा) is a Marathi film made in 1991.	Chaukat Raja	1991
publication date	The Searching Wind is a 1946 American feature film based on the play of the same name by Lillian Hellman.	The Searching Wind	1946
publication date	Carry On Dick was released in 1974 and marked the end of an era for the series.	Carry On Dick	1974
publication date	Blueprint 3D is a puzzle video game for iOS mobile devices, developed by FDG Entertainment and published in November 2011.	Blueprint 3D	November 2011
publication date	No More Hiroshima is a 1984 National Film Board of Canada documentary about two survivors of the 1945 atomic bomb attack on Hiroshima, who are among a small group of Japanese who risk ostracism in their country by identifying themselves as hibakusha: survivors of the atomic bombings of Hiroshima and Nagasaki.	No More Hiroshima	1984
publication date	The Decent One (German: Der Anständige) is a 2014 German-Austrian-Israeli documentary directed by Vanessa Lapa about Heinrich Himmler.	The Decent One	2014
publication date	Oru Abhibhashakante Case Diary is a 1995 Malayalam movie about a lawyer who seeks justice for a teenage girl who was raped and murdered.	Oru Abhibhashakante Case Diary	1995
publication date	Punch Me is a 2011 short film drama about a young man who must embrace his identity or risk losing the two people he loves most.	Punch Me	2011
publication date	Morgue Street is a 2012 Italian horror short film directed by Alberto Viavattene and based on Edgar Allan Poe's The Murders in the Rue Morgue.	Morgue Street	2012
publication date	Bugs Bunny's 3rd Movie: 1001 Rabbit Tales is a 1982 Merrie Melodies film with a compilation of classic Warner Bros. cartoon shorts (many of which have been abridged) and animated bridging sequences, hosted by Bugs Bunny.	Bugs Bunny's 3rd Movie: 1001 Rabbit Tales	1982
publication date	The Secret Adventures of Tom Thumb is a 1993 surrealist horror mystery stop-motion animated film directed by Dave Borthwick made by Bolexbrothers studio, and funded by Richard Hutchinson, BBC, La Sept, and Manga Entertainment, which also distributed the film on video.	The Secret Adventures of Tom Thumb	1993
publication date	Iris the Movie (Hangul: 아이리스: 더 무비; RR: Airiseu: deo mubi) is a 2010 South Korean spy action film.	Iris the Movie	2010
publication date	The Wailer (Spain: La Llorona) is a 2004 short film, based on the folklore of La Llorona.	The Wailer	2004
publication date	Acoustically Driven is the 7th live album released by British rock band Uriah Heep in 2001.	Acoustically Driven	2001
publication date	Beautiful Sunday (Hangul: 뷰티풀 선데이; RR: Butipeul Seondei) is a 2007 South Korean crime drama film.	Beautiful Sunday	2007
publication date	A Season for Miracles is a 1999 American television film based on a novel of the same name by Marilyn Pappano.	A Season for Miracles	1999
publication date	Anthrax War is a 2009 documentary film about the 2001 anthrax attacks and the rise of today's biomilitary industrial complex that was co-produced by the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation and ARTE-France.	Anthrax War	2009
publication date	Wilderness Survival for Girls is a 2004 independent thriller film that was shot in 18 days.	Wilderness Survival for Girls	2004
publication date	The first version of Zork was written in 1977--1979 using the MDL programming language on a DEC PDP-10 computer.	Zork	1977
publication date	Screaming for Vengeance was released on 17 July 1982, with a remastered CD version released in May 2001.	Screaming for Vengeance	17 July 1982
publication date	Following the successful chart performances of the Thriller singles ``The Girl Is Mine'' and ``Billie Jean'', ``Beat It'' was released on February 3, 1983 as the album's third single.	Beat It	1983
publication date	Landscape in the Mist (Greek: Τοπίο στην ομίχλη, translit. Topio stin omichli) is a 1988 Greek film directed by Theo Angelopoulos.	Landscape in the Mist	1988
publication date	Mommy Mommy is a 2007 documentary film directed by Sylvie Rosenthal about a Montreal lesbian couple's five-year-long struggle to have a child.	Mommy Mommy	2007
publication date	The Camel Boy is a 1984 Australian animated feature.	The Camel Boy	1984
publication date	The Killing of Angel Street is a 1981 Australian thriller film loosely based on the BLF (Builders Labourers Federation) green bans against development in inner Sydney city waterside suburbs.	The Killing of Angel Street	1981
publication date	Shake, Rattle & Roll II is a 1990 Filipino horror anthology film.	Shake, Rattle & Roll II	1990
publication date	Here Come the Munsters is a television film that aired on Fox October 31, 1995.	Here Come the Munsters	1995
publication date	Tadakha (English: Mettle), also spelt as Thadaka is a 2013 Telugu action film directed by Kishore Kumar Pardasani, who directed Konchem Ishtam Konchem Kashtam earlier.	Tadakha	2013
publication date	Millennium 2.2 is a resource management computer game by Ian Bird, released in 1989 for Atari ST, Amiga and DOS.	Millennium 2.2	1989
publication date	Hollyrock-a-Bye Baby is a 1993 made-for-television animated film based on the 1960s series classic, The Flintstones.	Hollyrock-a-Bye Baby	1993
publication date	Motor Sundaram Pillai is a 1966 Indian Tamil drama film, directed by Balu and produced by S. S. Vasan under the banner of Gemini Studios.	Motor Sundaram Pillai	1966
publication date	Rabid Rider is a 2010 Looney Tunes film starring characters Wile E. Coyote and Road Runner.	Rabid Rider	2010
publication date	The Romance of Rosy Ridge is a 1947 drama film about a rural community still bitterly divided in the aftermath of the American Civil War.	The Romance of Rosy Ridge	1947
publication date	Biceps of Steel is a short B movie filmed circa 1980 but only released in 2003.	Biceps of Steel	2003
publication date	Formula 17 (17歲的天空, pinyin: shí qī suì de tiān kōng) is a 2004 film which was directed by Chen Yin-jung (陳映蓉).	Formula 17	2004
publication date	Pals of the Prairie is a 1929 American silent western intertwined with the romance of the mayor's daughter Dolores (Joyce) and Franciseo (Renaldo).	Pals of the Prairie	1929
publication date	Hunt to Kill is a 2010 Canadian action film starring Steve Austin, Gary Daniels, and Eric Roberts.	Hunt to Kill	2010
publication date	Nasaan si Francis? (English: Where is Francis?) is 2006 Filipino comedy film by Gabriel Fernandez which stars Paolo Contis, Epi Quizon, Christopher De Leon and former Rivermaya frontman Rico Blanco.	Nasaan si Francis?	2006
publication date	Hemlock Hoax, the Detective is an American short comedy film produced and distributed in 1910 by the Lubin Manufacturing Company.	Hemlock Hoax, the Detective	1910
publication date	Frantic Flea is a Super Nintendo Entertainment System video game that was released in April 1996.	Frantic Flea	April 1996
publication date	La Casa del Pelícano (``Pelican House'') is a 1976 Mexican thriller film.	La Casa del Pelícano	1976
publication date	Legend of Tianyun Mountain (simplified Chinese: 天云山传奇; traditional Chinese: 天云山傳奇; pinyin: Tiānyúnshān chuánqí) is a 1980 Chinese film about Chinese people's sufferings from the long-term political campaigns from ``Anti-rightists'' in 1950s until the fall of Gang of Four.	Legend of Tianyun Mountain	1980
publication date	En Uyir Nee Thaane (English: You are my life) is a 1998 released Tamil film.	En Uyir Nee Thaane	1998
publication date	Forced Vengeance is a 1982 motion picture action drama.	Forced Vengeance	1982
publication date	Nanda Gokula (Kannada: ನಂದ ಗೋಕುಲ) is a 1972 Indian Kannada language drama directed by Y. R. Swamy and produced by Shyamprasad Enterprises.	Nanda Gokula	1972
publication date	Canyon Shooter 2 is a science fiction action shooting game that was released on the 4th quarter of 2011.	Canyon Shooter 2	2011
publication date	Back Against the Wall is an album released in 2005 by Billy Sherwood in collaboration with a number of (mostly) progressive rock artists as a tribute to Pink Floyd's album The Wall.	Back Against the Wall	2005
publication date	Cry of Battle is a 1963 American coming of age war film based on the 1951 novel Fortress in the Rice by Benjamin Appel who was a journalist and special assistant to the U.S. Commissioner for the Philippines from 1945-46.	Cry of Battle	1963
publication date	Wicked Spring is a 2002 American historical-based dramatic war film directed, produced, and written by Kevin Hershberger, as his first narrative feature film.	Wicked Spring	2002
publication date	Knight Rider 2000 is a 1991 television sequel movie to the television series Knight Rider.	Knight Rider 2000	1991
publication date	Miracle in Milan (Italian: Miracolo a Milano) is a 1951 Italian film directed by Vittorio de Sica.	Miracle in Milan	1951
publication date	Drakula İstanbul'da (Dracula in Istanbul) is a Turkish 1953 film version of Bram Stoker's original novel Dracula.	Drakula İstanbul'da	1953
publication date	Christine of the Big Tops is a 1926 American silent romantic drama film starring Pauline Garon and Cullen Landis.	Christine of the Big Tops	1926
publication date	Jubilee Bunt-a-thon is a 2012 animated short film directed by Nick Park, which stars his characters Wallace and Gromit.	Jubilee Bunt-a-thon	2012
publication date	Ruletero a toda marcha (``Ruletero in Full Swing'') is a 1962 Mexican film.	Ruletero a toda marcha	1962
publication date	Love and Other Disasters is a 2006 romantic comedy produced by Ruby Film, Europa Corp. and Skyline Films presented at the Toronto International Film Festival.	Love and Other Disasters	2006
publication date	3 Skulls of the Toltecs is a point-and-click graphic adventure game designed by Revistronic to run under DOS (and a rare version under Windows 9x) and published by Time Warner in 1996.	3 Skulls of the Toltecs	1996
publication date	Mr. Vampire IV, also known as Mr. Vampire Saga Four, is a 1988 Hong Kong comedy horror film directed by Ricky Lau and produced by Sammo Hung and Jessica Chan.	Mr. Vampire IV	1988
publication date	Simma Soppanam (Tamil: சிம்ம சொப்பனம்) is a 1984 Indian Tamil film, directed by P. Krishna and produced by S. S. Karuppa Sami.	Simma Soppanam	1984
publication date	Handsome Siblings is a 1992 Hong Kong wuxia film adapted from Gu Long's novel Juedai Shuangjiao.	Handsome Siblings	1992
publication date	Check and Double Check is a 1930 comedy film made and released by RKO Radio Pictures based on the top-rated Amos 'n' Andy radio show.	Check and Double Check	1930
publication date	Selected for the narrative competition, ``Rhythm Thief was justaboutthisclose to winning the big prize at the (1995) Sundance Film Festival.''	Rhythm Thief	1995
publication date	Crossing the Dust (Kurdish: Perrînewe le xobar) is a 2006 film directed by the Kurdish director Shawkat Amin Korki.	Crossing the Dust	2006
publication date	Marwencol (also known as Village of the Dolls in the UK) is a 2010 American documentary film that explores the life and work of artist and photographer Mark Hogancamp.	Marwencol	2010
publication date	Mekhong Full Moon Party (Thai: 15 ค่ำ เดือน 11; rtgs: Sip Ha Kham Duean Sip Et; literally, ``The 15th Day of the 11th Month'') is a 2002 Thai comedy-drama about the Naga fireballs that arise from the Mekong at Nong Khai on the full moon in October.	Mekhong Full Moon Party	2002
publication date	Fatty's Tintype Tangle is a 1915 comedy short film.	Fatty's Tintype Tangle	1915
publication date	Walls of Sand is a 1994 American independent film directed and produced by Erica Jordan and co-produced by Shirin Etessam.	Walls of Sand	1994
publication date	Helen Keller in Her Story (also known as The Unconquered) is an American biographical documentary about Helen Keller made in 1954.	Helen Keller in Her Story	1954
publication date	The Longest Week is a 2014 comedy-drama film, written and directed by Peter Glanz.	The Longest Week	2014
publication date	Beetle Queen Conquers Tokyo is a 2009 documentary directed by American filmmaker Jessica Oreck.	Beetle Queen Conquers Tokyo	2009
publication date	Mu Eka Tumara (Odia: ମୁଁ ଏକା ତୁମର , English: I am only for you) is a 2013 Ollywood romantic drama film.	Mu Eka Tumara	2013
publication date	Anthichuvappu is a 1984 Indian Malayalam film, directed and produced by Kurian Varnasala.	Anthichuvappu	1984
publication date	American Swing is an American 2008 documentary about the 1970s phenomenon of swinging at Plato's Retreat in New York City.	American Swing	2008
publication date	Bullet to Beijing is a 1995 made-for-television film that continues the adventures of the fictional spy Harry Palmer, who appeared in the 1960s films The Ipcress File, Funeral in Berlin and Billion Dollar Brain, based on books by author Len Deighton.	Bullet to Beijing	1995
publication date	The Freeway is an Iranian movie directed by Abbas Rafei in 2010.	The Freeway	2010
publication date	Propala Hramota (Ukrainian: Пропала Грамота, The Lost Letter) is a 1972 Soviet musical-tragicomedy film by Dovzhenko Film Studios in Kiev.	Propala Hramota	1972
publication date	Death on Demand is a 2008 horror film, directed by Adam Matalon and distributed by MTI Home Video.	Death on Demand	2008
publication date	Pustolov pred vratima is a 1961 Croatian film directed by Zvonimir Bajsić.	Pustolov pred vratima	1961
publication date	Minugurulu is a 2014 Telugu social problem film written and directed by Ayodhya Kumar Krishnamsetty.	Minugurulu	2014
publication date	Kiss the Boys Goodbye is a 1941 comedy film based on a play by Clare Boothe Luce which was inspired by the search for an actress to play Scarlett O'Hara in the film version of Gone with the Wind.	Kiss the Boys Goodbye	1941
publication date	Matichya Chuli is a Marathi movie, released on 10 April 2006.	Matichya Chuli	2006
publication date	Desatanakkili Karayarilla (English: The Migratory Bird Never Cries) is a 1986 Malayalam film written and directed by Padmarajan.	Desatanakkili Karayarilla	1986
publication date	Cheating Panorama is a 1972 Hong Kong comedy film.	Cheating Panorama	1972
publication date	Hudugaru (Kannada:ಹುಡುಗರು) is a 2011 Kannada-language drama film directed by K. Madesh, starring Puneet Rajkumar, Yogesh, Srinagar Kitty and Radhika Pandit in the lead roles.	Hudugaru	2011
publication date	The Little Dragons (also known as Karate Kids U.S.A. or simply Karate Kids) is a 1980 American film about two young brothers who use their karate skills to rescue a friend after she is held captive for ransom.	The Little Dragons	1980
publication date	``From All of Us to All of You'' is an animated television Christmas special, produced by Walt Disney Productions and first presented on December 19, 1958 on ABC as part of the Walt Disney Presents anthology series.	From All of Us to All of You	1958
publication date	The China Syndrome is a 1979 American thriller film that tells the story of a television reporter and her cameraman who discover safety coverups at a nuclear power plant.	The China Syndrome	1979
publication date	A Difficult Mission is a 2006 Egyptian film that raises the issue of trade of toxic pesticides, leading to cancerous vegetables.	A Difficult Mission	2006
publication date	Ananda Jyothi is a 1993 Indian Kannada language romantic drama film directed by Chi.	Ananda Jyothi	1993
publication date	Chalo Paltai (Meaning: Let's Change) is a 2011 Bengali film based on the lives and desires of the present generation children.	Chalo Paltai	2011
publication date	Olympus Has Fallen is a 2013 American action thriller film.	Olympus Has Fallen	2013
publication date	My Brother Anastasia (Italian: Anastasia mio fratello) is a 1973 commedia all'italiana directed by Steno.	My Brother Anastasia	1973
publication date	Chulas Fronteras is a documentary film from 1976 which tells the story of the norteño or conjunto music which is played on both sides of the Mexico--	Chulas Fronteras	1976
publication date	Color of Night is a 1994 American erotic mystery thriller film produced by Cinergi Pictures and released in the United States by Hollywood Pictures.	Color of Night	1994
publication date	Three Sailors and a Girl is a 1953 musical film made by Warner Bros..	Three Sailors and a Girl	1953
publication date	King of the Corner is a 2004 film featured at the Newport Film Festival.	King of the Corner	2004
publication date	Kart Fighter was one such game, developed by a team known as Hummer Team or Gouder, and published by Hong Kong-based Ge De Industry, probably in 1993.	Kart Fighter	1993
publication date	The Guy from Harlem is a 1977 American Blaxploitation film directed by Rene Martinez, Jr., who also directed the controversially titled ``The Six Thousand Dollar Nigger''.	The Guy from Harlem	1977
publication date	A Christmas Snow is a 2010 direct-to-video independent Christmas film by Trost Moving Pictures.	A Christmas Snow	2010
publication date	Food of the Gods II as well as Food of the Gods part 2, is a 1989 film that is a very loose sequel to the 1976 Bert I. Gordon film based on H.G. Wells' novel, The Food of the Gods.	Food of the Gods II	1989
publication date	Ayanum is a 1985 Indian Malayalam film, directed by Harikumar and produced by Sivan Kunnampilly.	Ayanum	1985
publication date	The Girl in Black Stockings is an American B-movie mystery film released by United Artists in 1957.	The Girl in Black Stockings	1957
publication date	Club Havana is a 1945 American drama mystery directed by Edgar G. Ulmer.	Club Havana	1945
publication date	The Fishermaid of Ballydavid is a 1911 American silent film produced by Kalem Company.	The Fishermaid of Ballydavid	1911
publication date	Silicon Dreams was the second title published by Telecomsoft, the first being Jewels of Darkness, in an four-game publishing deal signed by Level 9 during April 1986.	Silicon Dreams	1986
publication date	The Jetsons is an American animated sitcom produced by Hanna-Barbera, originally airing in primetime from September 23, 1962, to March 17, 1963, then later in syndication, with new episodes in 1985 to 1987 as part of The Funtastic World of Hanna-Barbera block.	The Jetsons	1962
publication date	The Meat Grinder in (Thai: เชือดก่อนชิม pronounced ``Cheuat Gon Chim'') directed in 2009 by Thai film director Tiwa Moeithaisong is a horror movie tackling cannibalism.	Meat Grinder	2009
publication date	Déjà Vrooom is a live DVD by the band King Crimson, released in 1999 as a double-sided disc and reissued in 2007 as a double-layer disc.	Déjà Vrooom	1999
publication date	Varavarankely is a Malagasy 2010 short film.	Varavarankely	2010
publication date	Hideous! is a 1997 film released by Full Moon Features.	Hideous!	1997
publication date	Chithrasalabhangalude Veedu (Malayalam: ചിത്രശലഭങ്ങളുടെ വീടു്, English: The house of butterflies) is a 2008 Malayalam language film for children, directed by Krishnakumar.	Chithrasalabhangalude Veedu	2008
publication date	Mickey and the Seal is a cartoon short created by Walt Disney in 1948.	Mickey and the Seal	1948
publication date	Dancer with Bruised Knees is the second album by Kate & Anna McGarrigle, released in 1977.	Dancer with Bruised Knees	1977
publication date	Here Comes Mr. Jordan (aka Heaven Can Wait and Mr. Jordan Comes to Town) (1941) is a romantic comedy-fantasy film in which a boxer, mistakenly taken to Heaven before his time, is given a second chance back on Earth.	Here Comes Mr. Jordan	1941
publication date	Andre the Butcher (aka Dead Meat) is a 2005 horror comedy film, written and directed by Philip Cruz.	Andre the Butcher	2005
publication date	Raasi (Tamil: ராசி ) (English: Luck) is a 1997 Tamil film directed by Murali-Abbas and produced by S. S. Chakravarthy.	Raasi	1997
publication date	The Actor and the Rube is a 1915 American silent short film produced by the Thanhouser Company under the Falstaff brand.	The Actor and the Rube	1915
publication date	The Last Remake of Beau Geste is a 1977 American historical comedy film.	The Last Remake of Beau Geste	1977
publication date	The Right of the People is a 1986 made-for-TV drama movie starring Michael Ontkean, Billy Dee Williams, Jamie Smith Jackson and Lisa Jakub, with special guest John Randolph.	The Right of the People	1986
publication date	Kanoon (Hindi: कानून, Urdu: قانون ; Title translation: The Law) is a 1960 Indian Hindi film directed by B.R. Chopra.	Kanoon	1960
publication date	Un Ladro in paradiso,(translated as ``A Thief in Paradise''), is a 1952 Italian film.	Un Ladro in paradiso	1952
publication date	Vocabulon is a French language educational video game, produced by Megableu and Index+ in 1998.	Vocabulon	1998
publication date	Sididedda Sahodara (Kannada: ಸಿಡಿದೆದ್ದ ಸಹೋದರ) is a 1983 Indian Kannada film, directed by Joe Simon and produced by B. P. Baliga, B. S. Baliga and B. M. Baliga.	Sididedda Sahodara	1983
publication date	The Big Hangover is a 1950 comedy film released by MGM.	The Big Hangover	1950
publication date	Fair & Lovely (Kannada: ಫೇರ್ & ಲವ್ಲೀ Phēr aṇḍ lavlī) is a 2014 Indian Kannada romance drama film written and directed by D. P. Raghuram.	Fair & Lovely	2014
publication date	Miracle in Soho is a 1957 British drama film directed by Julian Amyes and starring John Gregson, Belinda Lee and Cyril Cusack.	Miracle in Soho	1957
publication date	Tootsie is a 1982 American comedy film that tells the story of a talented but volatile actor whose reputation for being difficult forces him to adopt a new identity as a woman to land a job.	Tootsie	1982
publication date	Her Bridal Nightmare is a 1920 American silent comedy film from the Christie Film Company.	Her Bridal Nightmare	1920
publication date	Zebra Force (Codename: Zebra, USA title) is a 1976 American film directed by Joe Tornatore.	Zebra Force	1976
publication date	Kalinga Putra (Odia: କଳିଂଗ ପୁତ୍ର; English: Son of Soil) is a 2008 Indian Oriya film directed by Barada Prasana Tripathy.	Kalinga Putra	2008
publication date	The Story of Short Stack is a 2011 documentary which documents the journeys of pop punk band Short Stack.	The Story of Short Stack	2011
publication date	Hang Up Your Brightest Colours is a 1973 film by Welsh actor and filmmaker Kenneth Griffith, about the life and death of Irish Republican leader Michael Collins.	Hang Up Your Brightest Colours	1973
publication date	Petticoat Politics is a 1941 film, the ninth and final of Republic's Higgins Family series.	Petticoat Politics	1941
publication date	Niggas' Revenge is a 2001 controversial 113-minute gay pornographic film produced and directed by Dick Wadd starring Bobby Blake and Flex-Deon Blake in their last film together.	Niggas' Revenge	2001
publication date	The Ceremony of Innocence is a 1970 television movie adaptation of the play by the same name which depicts a highly fictionalized account of the events leading up to Sweyn Forkbeard's invasion of England in AD 1013.	The Ceremony of Innocence	1970
publication date	The Grow (Chinese: 金箍棒传奇) is a 2012 Chinese animated adventure comedy film directed by Ha Lei.	The Grow	2012
publication date	Vengeance of Excalibur is a 1991 role-playing video game developed by Synergistic Software and distributed by Virgin Games.	Vengeance of Excalibur	1991
publication date	Mutant Swinger from Mars is a 2009 Comic science fiction film written, produced and directed by Michael Kallio.	Mutant Swinger from Mars	2009
publication date	Money-Driven Medicine is a 2009 documentary film that offers a behind the scenes look at the American healthcare system.	Money-Driven Medicine	2009
publication date	The Return of Boston Blackie is a 1927 low-budget, silent, drama genre film.	The Return of Boston Blackie	1927
publication date	Through a Glass Window is a 1922 American drama silent film directed by Maurice Campbell and written by Olga Printzlau.	Through a Glass Window	1922
publication date	Kalahasti Mahatyam or Sri Kalahastiswara Mahatyam (Telugu: శ్రీ కాళహస్తీశ్వర మహత్యం) is a 1954 Telugu film directed by H. L. N. Simha starring Kannada Kantheerava Rajkumar.	Sri Kalahastiswara Mahatyam	1954
publication date	The Redeeming Sin (1929) is a crime drama part-talking silent film with Vitaphone music and sound effects.	The Redeeming Sin	1929
publication date	The Third Day is a feature film released in 1965.	The Third Day	1965
publication date	Ferocious Planet (released on DVD in some places as The Other Side or Alien Gateway) is a 2011 television film co-produced by Syfy and MNG films.	Ferocious Planet	2011
publication date	First to Die is a 2003 television miniseries based on the novel of the same name by James Patterson.	First to Die	2003
publication date	Purab Aur Paschim (English: East and West) is a 1970 Indian patriotic film.	Purab Aur Paschim	1970
publication date	Udhyanapalakan (Malayalam: ഉദ്യാനപാലകൻ, translation: The Garden Keeper) is a 1996 Malayalam romantic drama film written by Lohithadas and directed by Hari Kumar.	Udhyanapalakan	1996
publication date	Blackbirds at Bangpleng (Thai: กาเหว่าที่บางเพลง; rtgs: Ka Wao Thi Bang Phleng) is a 1994 Thai science fiction horror film.	Blackbirds at Bangpleng	1994
publication date	Mahasathi Arundathi (Kannada: ಮಹಾಸತಿ ಅರುಂಧತಿ) is a 1968 Indian Kannada film, directed by Aruru Pattabhi and produced by B V Reddy.	Mahasathi Arundathi	1968
publication date	Moskal-Charivnyk (Ukrainian: Москаль-Чарівник), is a 1995 musical comedy by the Ukrainian filmmaker Mykola Zasieyev-Rudenko based on the book by Ukrainian writer Ivan Kotliarevskyi.	Moskal-Charivnyk	1995
publication date	Athiratha Maharatha (Kannada: ಅತಿರಥ ಮಹಾರಥ) is a 1987 Indian Kannada film, directed by Perala and produced by Bheemavarapu Bhucchi Reddy.	Athiratha Maharatha	1987
publication date	Muddula Priyudu (Telugu: ముద్దుల ప్రియుడు) is a 1994 Tollywood film directed by K.Raghavendra Rao and produced by K.Krishnamohana Rao on R.K. Film Associates.	Muddula Priyudu	1994
publication date	The Frankenstein Brothers is a 2010 independent romantic comedy that takes place in Denver, Colorado.	The Frankenstein Brothers	2010
publication date	Dance Fu is a 2011 martial arts comedy film starring Kel Mitchell.	Dance Fu	2011
publication date	Malayathippennu is a 1989 Indian Malayalam film, directed by KS Gopalakrishnan, starring Premlal and Disco Santhi in the lead roles.	Malayathippennu	1989
publication date	O Seeta Katha (Telugu: ఓ సీత కథ) is a 1974 Telugu-language Indian feature film directed by K. Viswanath.	O Seeta Katha	1974
publication date	An audio cassette version of Barney in Concert was released in 1992 with a purchase of Time-Life Video Barney videos with a credit card.	Barney in Concert	1992
publication date	Troop Beverly Hills is a 1989 adventure comedy film.	Troop Beverly Hills	1989
publication date	If You Don't Save Paper is a 1948 British short film educating viewers on cutting down on paper wastage by using paper more efficiently.	If You Don't Save Paper	1948
publication date	Wicked Blood is a 2014 action thriller film written and directed by Mark Young.	Wicked Blood	2014
publication date	The Dull Ice Flower (Chinese: 魯冰花) is a 1989 Taiwanese film based on the novel of the same title by Chung Chao-cheng.	The Dull Ice Flower	1989
publication date	Mrs. Jones' Birthday is a 1909 short American comedy film featuring Fatty Arbuckle.	Mrs. Jones' Birthday	1909
publication date	The Christmas Candle is a 2013 British/American Christmas film.	The Christmas Candle	2013
publication date	Gangster Returns is a 2015 Bangladeshi action thriller film directed by Ashiqur Rahman and features Ziaul Faruq Apurba in lead role.	Gangster Returns	2015
publication date	The Affairs of Cellini (1934) is a comedy film set in Florence over 400 years ago.	The Affairs of Cellini	1934
publication date	Beyond the Pole is a 2010 British mockumentary adapted from the cult BBC radio series of the same name.	Beyond the Pole	2010
publication date	Lal Darja (English language: The Red Door) is a 1997 Bengali allegorical drama film about a Kolkata dentist Dr. Nabin Dutta who fears becoming a cripple.	Lal Darja	1997
publication date	The Underwater City is a 1962 sci-fi Eastmancolor film about overcoming engineering obstacles for establishing an underwater living environment.	The Underwater City	1962
publication date	She's Back on Broadway is a 1953 musical comedy-drama film in WarnerColor.	She's Back on Broadway	1953
publication date	Mystery of Snow (Hlyo-hwat-thaw-hnin;Burmese: လျှို့ဝှက်သောနှင်း) is a 2005 Burmese musical adventure drama film directed by Sin Yaw Mg Mg. The film picked up seven national awards including Best Film, Best Director, Best Supporting Actor, Best Scriptwriter, Best Cinematography, Best Film Editing and Best Sound	Mystery of Snow	2005
publication date	Undertow Eyes (2009), original title Olhos de Ressaca, is a Brazilian short film.	Undertow Eyes	2009
publication date	More Music for Films (1983) also Music for Films Volume 2, by Brian Eno, Daniel Lanois, and Roger Eno, is a sequel to the ambient-music album, Music for Films (1978).	More Music for Films	1983
publication date	Fist to Fist (Chinese title: Chu ba, UK title: Dragons of Death) (Chinese: 除霸) is a 1973 martial arts film directed by Jimmy L. Pascual.	Fist to Fist	1973
publication date	Running from the Guns is a 1987 Australian buddy action film set in Melbourne.	Running from the Guns	1987
publication date	The Supreme Impulse is a 1915 American silent short film comedy-drama film directed by Lucius Henderson.	The Supreme Impulse	1915
publication date	El mejor papá del mundo (The Best Dad in the World) is a 1941 black and white Argentine drama.	El mejor papá del mundo	1941
publication date	Bulldog Drummond's Bride is an American crime comedy thriller film produced in 1939.	Bulldog Drummond's Bride	1939
publication date	The Stepford Children is a 1987 American made-for-television thriller film inspired by the Ira Levin novel The Stepford Wives.	The Stepford Children	1987
publication date	The Suicide Forecast (Hangul: 수상한 고객들; RR: Susanghan Gogaekdeul; lit. ``Suspicious Customers'') is a 2011 South Korean comedy-drama film.	The Suicide Forecast	2011
publication date	Go Lala Go! (simplified Chinese: 杜拉拉升职记; traditional Chinese: 杜拉拉陞職記; pinyin: Dù Lālā shēngzhí jì; literally: ``Du Lala's promotion'') is a 2010 Chinese romantic comedy film about a Chinese woman who learns how to balance a relationship and professional work in a work place.	Go Lala Go!	2010
publication date	The Greatest Battle (Italian title Il grande attacco ``The great attack''), also known as Battle Force and The Biggest Battle, is a 1978 Italian Macaroni war movie.	The Greatest Battle	1978
publication date	Hogaya Dimaagh Ka Dahi is set to release on 16 October 2015.	Hogaya Dimaagh Ka Dahi	2015
publication date	V/H/S/2 (originally titled S-VHS) is a 2013 American anthology horror film.	V/H/S/2	2013
publication date	Contract on Cherry Street is a television film version of a novel written by Phillip Rosenberg about a New York police detective, adapted for television in 1977 by Frank Sinatra's production company Artanis for Columbia Pictures Television and starring Sinatra.	Contract on Cherry Street	1977
publication date	Pimps Up, Ho's Down is a 1998 television documentary about pimping in the United States as part of the HBO documentary anthology series America Undercover.	Pimps Up, Ho's Down	1998
publication date	Katiyabaaz (English : Powerless) is a 2014 Indian Hindi documentary film directed by Deepti Kakkar and Fahad Mustafa about the problem of power theft in Kanpur.	Katiyabaaz	2014
publication date	I, Tintin (French: Moi, Tintin ) is a Franco-Belgian film which premiered in the Paris cinema as a feature presentation in 1975.	I, Tintin	1975
publication date	When Animals Dream (originally titled as Når dyrene drømmer) is a 2014 Danish dramatic horror mystery and the feature film directorial debut of Jonas Alexander Arnby.	When Animals Dream	2014
publication date	The Second Civil War is a satirical/comedy film made for the HBO cable television network and first shown on March 15, 1997.	The Second Civil War	1997
publication date	My Scene Goes Hollywood is a 2005 direct-to-DVD and VHS animated film based on Mattel's line of My Scene dolls.	My Scene Goes Hollywood	2005
publication date	The Forbidden Girl (German: Das verbotene Mädchen) is a 2013 German horror film that was directed by Till Hastreiter.	The Forbidden Girl	2013
publication date	Bhakta Surdas is a 1942 Indian Bollywood devotional film.	Bhakta Surdas	1942
publication date	Hard Hunted is a 1992 action/adventure film starring Dona Speir, Roberta Vasquez, Cynthia Brimhall, Bruce Penhall and Geoffrey Moore.	Hard Hunted	1992
publication date	Scrooge McDuck and Money is a short animated cartoon made by Walt Disney Studios in 1967.	Scrooge McDuck and Money	1967
publication date	Konjum Salangai (English: Enticing Anklets) is a 1962 Indian Tamil Musical film directed by M. V. Raman.	Konjum Salangai	1962
publication date	Intimacies of a Prostitute (Spanish: Intimidades de una cualquiera) is a 1974 Argentine sexploitation drama film directed by Armando Bo and starring Isabel Sarli, Jorge Barreiro, and Sabina Olmos.	Intimacies of a Prostitute	1974
publisher	The first volume of Little Women was published in 1868 by Roberts Brothers.	Little Women	Roberts Brothers
publisher	New Dimensions 1 is an anthology of original science fiction stories edited by Robert Silverberg, published in hardcover by Doubleday Books in 1971 and reprinted in paperback by Avon Books in 1973.	New Dimensions 1	Doubleday
publisher	Between the World and Me is a 2015 book written by Ta-Nehisi Coates and published by Spiegel & Grau.	Between the World and Me	Spiegel & Grau
publisher	Uniracers, released as Unirally in PAL territories, is a video game created by DMA Design and Nintendo of America for the SNES in North America in December 1994 and in the PAL territories on April 27, 1995.	Uniracers	Nintendo
publisher	Mirror's Edge is an action-adventure platform video game developed by EA DICE and published by Electronic Arts.	Mirror's Edge	Electronic Arts
publisher	The British Journal of Management is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal, which was established by David T. Otley in 1990, and is published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the British Academy of Management.	British Journal of Management	Wiley-Blackwell
publisher	Looney Tunes is an American animated series of comedy short films produced by Warner Bros. from 1930 to 1969 during the golden age of American animation, alongside its sister series Merrie Melodies.	Looney Tunes	Warner Bros.
publisher	Prophecy of the Shadow is a 1992 fantasy role-playing video game developed by Strategic Simulations, Inc. for DOS.	Prophecy of the Shadow	Strategic Simulations, Inc.
publisher	Annals of Public and Cooperative Economics is a quarterly academic journal published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the International Centre of Research and Information on the Public, Social and Cooperatuve Economy (CIRIEC).	Annals of Public and Cooperative Economics	Wiley-Blackwell
publisher	Q-Squared was released in July 1994 as one in a series of ``Giant Novels'' for the Star Trek line from Pocket Books.	Q-Squared	Pocket Books
publisher	Disney Infinity 3.0 is a 2015 action-adventure sandbox video game published by Disney Interactive Studios and LucasArts for Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 3, PlayStation 4, Wii U, Xbox 360, Xbox One and Apple TV, and is the third installment in the toys-to-life Disney Infinity series.	Disney Infinity 3.0	Disney Interactive Studios	LucasArts
publisher	Top Pop Catalog Albums is a fifty-position weekly albums chart produced by Billboard Magazine which ranks the best-selling catalog albums in the United States, regardless of genre.	Top Pop Catalog Albums	Billboard
publisher	Championship Manager Quiz (informally named CM Quiz) is a football trivia quiz video game for PlayStation and Microsoft Windows, developed by King of the Jungle and published by Eidos Interactive.	Championship Manager Quiz	Eidos Interactive
publisher	The Deportees and Other Stories is the first short story collection by Booker Prize-winning author Roddy Doyle first published by Jonathan Cape in 2007.	The Deportees and Other Stories	Jonathan Cape
publisher	Aunts Aren't Gentlemen is a comic novel by P. G. Wodehouse, first published in the United Kingdom in October 1974 by Barrie & Jenkins, London, and in the United States under the title The Cat-nappers on 14 April 1975 by Simon & Schuster, New York.	Aunts Aren't Gentlemen	Barrie & Jenkins
publisher	Disease Models & Mechanisms is published by The Company of Biologists, a UK not-for-profit publisher of the international biological journals Development, Journal of Cell Science and The Journal of Experimental Biology.	Disease Models & Mechanisms	The Company of Biologists
publisher	Circulation Research is a biweekly peer-reviewed medical journal published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins and edited by Roberto Bolli.	Circulation Research	Lippincott Williams & Wilkins
publisher	Alien Trilogy is a first-person shooter video game developed by Probe Entertainment and published by Acclaim Entertainment for the PlayStation, Sega Saturn and MS-DOS platforms in 1996.	Alien Trilogy	Acclaim Entertainment
publisher	Mumsi Meets a Lion is a children's book by Kim Stegall and published by BJU Press under the JourneyForth label.	Mumsi Meets a Lion	BJU Press
publisher	The Roundheads is a BBC Books original novel written by Mark Gatiss and based on the long-running British science fiction television series Doctor Who.	The Roundheads	BBC Books
publisher	Interface Focus is the Royal Society's cross-disciplinary themed publication promoting research at the interface between the physical and life sciences.	Interface Focus	Royal Society
publisher	History and Anthropology is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering anthropology published by Routledge.	History and Anthropology	Routledge
publisher	Sometime Never... is a BBC Books original novel written by Justin Richards and based on the long-running British science fiction television series Doctor Who.	Sometime Never...	BBC Books
publisher	The Journal of Black Psychology is a quarterly psychology journal published by the Association of Black Psychologists.	Journal of Black Psychology	Association of Black Psychologists
publisher	The Australasian Journal of Bone & Joint Medicine (originally titled the Australasian Journal of Musculoskeletal Medicine) was a periodical presented in the style of a scientific journal, published by Elsevier but established and funded by pharmaceutical company Merck.	Australasian Journal of Bone & Joint Medicine	Elsevier
publisher	Business Unusual is a BBC Books original novel written by Gary Russell and based on the long-running British science fiction television series Doctor Who.	Business Unusual	BBC Books
publisher	The Witchmaster's Key is Volume 55 in the original The Hardy Boys Mystery Stories published by Grosset & Dunlap.	The Witchmaster's Key	Grosset & Dunlap
publisher	The British Journal of Sociology is a peer-reviewed academic journal that was established in 1950 at the London School of Economics.	British Journal of Sociology	London School of Economics
publisher	Super Robin Hood is a Robin Hood-themed platform game published in November 1985 by Codemasters.	Super Robin Hood	Codemasters
publisher	Kiki Trick is a variety mini-game with an emphasis on auditory cues for the Nintendo Wii.	Kiki Trick	Nintendo
publisher	The Journal of Infectious Diseases is a peer-reviewed biweekly medical journal published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the Infectious Diseases Society of America.	The Journal of Infectious Diseases	Oxford University Press
publisher	In the 1st Degree is an interactive legal drama adventure computer game released in 1995 by Brøderbund in which the player plays the role of a prosecutor attempting to convict an artist for grand theft and the first-degree murder of his business partner.	In the 1st Degree	Brøderbund
publisher	The Editor-in-Chief of Health and Interprofessional Practice is Amber Buhler, founding faculty member in the School of Pharmacy, in the College of Health Professions at Pacific University in Hillsboro, Oregon.	Health and Interprofessional Practice	Pacific University
publisher	Papers in Regional Science is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Regional Science Association International (RSAI).	Papers in Regional Science	Wiley-Blackwell
publisher	The Journal of Mathematical Physics is a peer-reviewed journal published monthly by the American Institute of Physics devoted to the publication of papers in mathematical physics.	Journal of Mathematical Physics	American Institute of Physics
publisher	The Best of John Wyndham is a paperback collection of science fiction short stories by John Wyndham, published after his death by Sphere Books, first in 1973.	The Best of John Wyndham	Sphere Books
publisher	The Birthday of the World: and Other Stories is a collection of short fiction by Ursula K. Le Guin, and first published in March, 2002 by HarperCollins.	The Birthday of the World	HarperCollins
publisher	Naturwissenschaften, The Science of Nature is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Springer Science+Business Media covering all aspects of the natural sciences relating to questions of biological significance.	Naturwissenschaften	Springer Science+Business Media
publisher	Asterix and the Great Rescue is a video game released by Sega for the Genesis/Mega Drive in 1993 and for the Game Gear and Master System in 1994.	Asterix and the Great Rescue	Sega
publisher	Deflex, also known as Super Deflex, Deflex V, and Made In France, is an arcade puzzle game developed by Jeff Minter.	Deflex	Jeff Minter
publisher	Harpur Palate is an American literary magazine, based at the Binghamton University in Binghamton, New York.	Harpur Palate	Binghamton University
publisher	A Daughter's a Daughter is a novel written by Agatha Christie and first published in the UK by Heinemann on 24 November 1952.	A Daughter's a Daughter	Heinemann
publisher	Following her successful pitch of 12 Days to manga publisher Tokyopop, she resumed work on it in early 2005 and finished in the middle of August 2006.	12 Days	Tokyopop
publisher	Monkey Hero (The Adventures of Monkey Hero in Europe) is a role-playing game developed by Blam! and published by Take-Two Interactive for the Sony PlayStation video game console.	Monkey Hero	Take-Two Interactive
publisher	Critical Reviews in Oncogenesis (ISSN 0893-9675) is a quarterly scientific journal published by Begell House covering the field of oncology.	Critical Reviews in Oncogenesis	Begell House
publisher	The Swoop!, or How Clarence Saved England is a short comic novel by P. G. Wodehouse, first published in the United Kingdom by Alston Rivers Ltd, London, on April 16, 1909.	The Swoop!	Alston Rivers
publisher	Berkeley Fiction Review is an American literary magazine founded in 1981 and based at the University of California, Berkeley.	Berkeley Fiction Review	University of California, Berkeley
publisher	Where They Create is a book by photographer Paul Barbera and writer Alexandra Onderwater published by Frame Publishers in 2011.	Where They Create	Frame Publishers
publisher	ISS Pro Evolution (known as World Soccer: Jikkyou Winning Eleven 4 in Japan) is the third video game in ISS Pro series developed exclusively for the PlayStation by Konami Computer Entertainment Tokyo, a division of Konami.	ISS Pro Evolution	Konami
publisher	The Saint Around the World is a collection of short stories by Leslie Charteris, first published in 1956 by The Crime Club in the United States and by Hodder and Stoughton in the United Kingdom in 1957.	The Saint Around the World	The Crime Club
publisher	Acme Animation Factory is an educational art and graphics video game released by Sunsoft on November of 1994 exclusively for the Super Nintendo Entertainment System.	Acme Animation Factory	Sunsoft
publisher	Beginning with the January 2006 issue (Volume 30, Number 1), Cryptologia has been published by Taylor & Francis.	Cryptologia	Taylor & Francis
publisher	Pelé's Soccer is an Atari 2600 game based on the famous footballer Pelé, and published in 1980.	Pelé's Soccer	Atari
publisher	Dragon Warrior Monsters 2, known in Japan as Dragon Quest Monsters 2 (ドラゴンクエストモンスターズ Doragon Kuesuto Monsutāzu Tsū), is a video game published by Enix for the Game Boy Color.	Dragon Warrior Monsters 2	Enix
publisher	The Shining Girls was published on 15 April 2013 by the Umuzi imprint of Random House Struik in South Africa, on 25 April 2013 by HarperCollins in the United Kingdom, and on 4 June 2013 by Mulholland Books in the United States.	The Shining Girls	Random House	HarperCollins
publisher	The Sims is a life simulation video game series, developed by EA Maxis and published by Electronic Arts.	The Sims	Electronic Arts
publisher	Dynamite Dan is a platform game for the ZX Spectrum and other 8-bit formats written by Rod Bowkett and released by Mirrorsoft in 1985.	Dynamite Dan	Mirrorsoft
publisher	During the 2009 D.I.C.E. Summit, Nintendo announced that it would publish World of Goo in Japan during the second quarter of 2009; the game was released on April 21, 2009 under the title Planet of Goo (グーの惑星 Gū no Wakusei).	World of Goo	Nintendo
publisher	Combustion and Flame is the official peer-reviewed scientific journal of the Combustion Institute, which is published sixteen times per year by Elsevier.	Combustion and Flame	Elsevier
publisher	The Nightmare Lands was designed by Shane Lacy Hensley with additional design and editing by Bill Slavicsek, and was published by TSR, Inc. in 1995.	The Nightmare Lands	TSR
publisher	Dawn of Magic 2, known in North America as Time of Shadows, is an action role-playing game for Microsoft Windows published by Kalypso Media.	Dawn of Magic 2	Kalypso Media
publisher	The Golden Book of Chemistry Experiments was a children's chemistry book written in the 1960s by Robert Brent and illustrated by Harry Lazarus and published by Western Publishing in their Golden Books series.	The Golden Book of Chemistry Experiments	Western Publishing
publisher	The Church Quarterly Review is an English journal published by the Society for Promoting Christian Knowledge.	The Church Quarterly Review	Society for Promoting Christian Knowledge
publisher	Economic Outlook is a quarterly academic journal published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of Oxford Economics.	Economic Outlook	Wiley-Blackwell
publisher	Southern Spaces is published by the Robert W. Woodruff Library of Emory University.	Southern Spaces	Emory University
publisher	The Journal of Cheminformatics is a peer-reviewed open access scientific journal that was established in 2009, published by Chemistry Central.	Journal of Cheminformatics	Chemistry Central
publisher	Analecta Hibernica is the official academic journal of the Irish Manuscripts Commission, carrying reports on the commission's work and publishing shorter manuscripts.	Analecta Hibernica	Irish Manuscripts Commission
publisher	Mystery Mile is a crime novel by Margery Allingham, first published in 1930, in the United Kingdom by Jarrolds Publishing, London, and in the United States by Doubleday, Doran, New York.	Mystery Mile	Jarrolds	Doubleday
publisher	Star X is a rail shooter video game developed by Graphic State and published by BAM! Entertainment for the Game Boy Advance handheld video game console.	Star X	BAM! Entertainment
publisher	The Eastern Mediterranean Health Journal is a healthcare journal published by the Eastern Mediterranean Regional office of World Health Organisation of the World Health Organization.	Eastern Mediterranean Health Journal	World Health Organization
publisher	Papa Was a Preacher is a book written by Alyene Porter and published in 1944 by Abingdon Press.	Papa Was a Preacher	Abingdon Press
publisher	For the Union Dead is a book of poems by Robert Lowell that was published by Farrar, Straus & Giroux in 1964.	For the Union Dead	Farrar, Straus & Giroux
publisher	The Journal of Peptide Science is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal, published since 1995 by John Wiley & Sons on behalf of the European Peptide Society.	Journal of Peptide Science	John Wiley & Sons
publisher	It was published by HarperCollins in June and July 2007 in the United Kingdom, with both volumes released in the United States by Houghton Mifflin on September 21, 2007; a boxed set combining The Hobbit with The History of The Hobbit was released on October 26, 2007.	The History of The Hobbit	HarperCollins
publisher	It was published under the title Pizza Connection in Germany and as Pizza Tycoon by MicroProse abroad.	Pizza Tycoon	MicroProse
publisher	California Agriculture is a quarterly peer-reviewed, scientific journal reporting news and research on agricultural, natural, and human resources that is published by the University of California Division of Agriculture and Natural Resources.	California Agriculture	University of California
publisher	The Indian Journal of Pharmaceutical Sciences is a bimonthly peer-reviewed open-access medical journal published by Medknow Publications on behalf of the Indian Pharmaceutical Association.	Indian Journal of Pharmaceutical Sciences	Medknow Publications
publisher	BioControl is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Springer Science+Business Media covering all aspects of basic and applied research in biological control of invertebrate, vertebrate, and weed pests, and plant diseases.	BioControl	Springer Science+Business Media
publisher	International Journal of Humanities and Arts Computing is a biannual academic journal published in April and October by Edinburgh University Press.	International Journal of Humanities and Arts Computing	Edinburgh University Press
publisher	Dead Rising 2 is an open world survival horror beat 'em up video game developed by Canadian company Blue Castle Games and published by Capcom in September 2010 for the PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, and Microsoft Windows video gaming platforms.	Dead Rising 2	Capcom
publisher	Journal of Zoological Systematics and Evolutionary Research (Zeitschrift für Zoologische Systematik und Evolutionsforschung) is a quarterly, peer reviewed, scientific journal, published by Wiley-Blackwell.	Journal of Zoological Systematics and Evolutionary Research	Wiley-Blackwell
record label	Domestic Harmony is the debut LP album by Australian rock/pop group Do-Ré-Mi which was released by Virgin Records in August 1985.	Domestic Harmony	Virgin Records
record label	The Huge Hefner Chronicles was released in late 2008 and is the first of a 2-album contract with Babygrande Records.	The Huge Hefner Chronicles	Babygrande Records
record label	Your Baby Is a Lady is an LP album by Jackie DeShannon, released by Atlantic Records as catalog number SD-7303 in 1974.	Your Baby Is a Lady	Atlantic Records
record label	Blues My Name is an album by American country music singer and songwriter Hank Williams, Jr. The album was issued by MGM Records as number E/SE 4344 and later re-issued by Polydor Records as 833 069-1 Y-1.	Blues My Name	MGM Records	Polydor Records
record label	Thugs Are Us is the fourth studio album by rapper Trick Daddy, released March 20, 2001, on Slip-n-Slide Records.	Thugs Are Us	Slip-n-Slide Records
screenwriter	Django the Bastard (Italian: Django il bastardo, also known as The Stranger's Gundown) is a 1969 Italian Spaghetti Western film directed by Sergio Garrone, produced by Herman Cohen.	Django the Bastard	Sergio Garrone
screenwriter	Toto and Cleopatra (Italian: Totò e Cleopatra) is a 1963 Italian adventure-comedy film written and directed by Fernando Cerchio.	Toto and Cleopatra	Fernando Cerchio
screenwriter	Magnificent Presence (Italian: Magnifica presenza, also known as A Magnificent Haunting) is a 2012 Italian drama film directed by Ferzan Özpetek.	Magnificent Presence	Ferzan Özpetek
screenwriter	The Exorcist III is a 1990 American supernatural horror film written and directed by William Peter Blatty.	The Exorcist III	William Peter Blatty
screenwriter	Husbands in the City (Italian: Mariti in città) is a 1957 Italian comedy film directed by Luigi Comencini.	Husbands in the City	Luigi Comencini
screenwriter	Ballad of a Soldier (Russian: Баллада о солдате, Ballada o soldate), is a 1959 Soviet film directed by Grigori Chukhrai and starring Vladimir Ivashov and Zhanna Prokhorenko.	Ballad of a Soldier	Grigori Chukhrai
screenwriter	Oh La La! (original title: Nouvelle chance) is a 2006 French comedy-drama film directed by Anne Fontaine.	Oh La La!	Anne Fontaine
screenwriter	Kee en Janus naar Berlijn is a 1923 Dutch silent film directed by Alex Benno.	Kee en Janus naar Berlijn	Alex Benno
screenwriter	Ritorno a casa Gori, internationally known as Return to Home Gori, is a 1996 comedy film directed by Alessandro Benvenuti.	Return to Home Gori	Alessandro Benvenuti
screenwriter	Come, quando, perché, internationally released as How, When and with Whom, is a 1969 Italian romance film written and directed by Antonio Pietrangeli.	How, When and with Whom	Antonio Pietrangeli
screenwriter	The Butterfly Effect is a 2004 American psychological thriller film that was written and directed by Eric Bress and J. Mackye Gruber, starring Ashton Kutcher and Amy Smart.	The Butterfly Effect	Eric Bress	J. Mackye Gruber
screenwriter	Duck, You Sucker! (Italian: Giù la testa, lit. ``Duck Your Head''), also known as A Fistful of Dynamite and Once Upon a Time... the Revolution, is a 1971 Italian epic buddy Zapata Western film directed and co-written by Sergio Leone.	Duck, You Sucker!	Sergio Leone
screenwriter	The Young Savages is a 1961 crime drama film directed by John Frankenheimer, starring Burt Lancaster, and written by Edward Anhalt from a novel by Evan Hunter.	The Young Savages	Edward Anhalt
screenwriter	L'Année dernière à Marienbad (released in the US as Last Year at Marienbad and in the UK as Last Year in Marienbad) is a 1961 French film directed by Alain Resnais from a screenplay by Alain Robbe-Grillet.	Last Year at Marienbad	Alain Robbe-Grillet
screenwriter	Segni particolari: bellissimo (Distinguishing features: beautiful) is a 1983 Italian comedy film directed by Castellano & Pipolo.	Segni particolari: bellissimo	Castellano & Pipolo
screenwriter	Children of Heaven (Persian: بچه‌های آسمان‎‎, Bacheha-ye Aseman) is a 1997 Iranian family drama film written and directed by Majid Majidi.	Children of Heaven	Majid Majidi
screenwriter	Serial Teachers (French title: Les Profs) is a 2013 French comedy film directed by Pierre-François Martin-Laval.	Serial Teachers	Pierre-François Martin-Laval
screenwriter	Ten Canoes is a 2006 Australian period drama film directed by Rolf de Heer and Peter Djigirr and starring Crusoe Kurddal.	Ten Canoes	Rolf de Heer
screenwriter	Princ Bajaja is a 1971 Czechoslovak fantasy film based on the fairy tale Prince Bajaja by Božena Němcová and directed by Antonín Kachlík.	Princ Bajaja	Antonín Kachlík
screenwriter	After the Rehearsal (Swedish: Efter repetitionen) is a television film, written and directed by Ingmar Bergman in 1984.	After the Rehearsal	Ingmar Bergman
screenwriter	Fighting Mad is a 1976 film directed by Jonathan Demme, about an Arkansas farmer played by Peter Fonda who uses Guerrilla tactics against corrupt land developers evicting him and his neighbors in order to stripmine their land.	Fighting Mad	Jonathan Demme
screenwriter	The Secret Life of Words is a 2005 Spanish drama film, directed by Isabel Coixet and starring Sarah Polley and Tim Robbins.	The Secret Life of Words	Isabel Coixet
screenwriter	Woman of Rome (Italian: La romana) is a 1954 Italian drama film directed by Luigi Zampa and starring Gina Lollobrigida.	Woman of Rome	Luigi Zampa
screenwriter	Anubhav (English: Experience; Hindi: अनुभव) is a 1971 Hindi film by noted director Basu Bhattacharya, which stars Sanjeev Kumar, Tanuja Samarth and Dinesh Thakur as leads.	Anubhav	Basu Bhattacharya
screenwriter	Starring Stanisław Tym as Ryszard, a gullible and mildly corrupt government functionary, and Krzysztof Kowalewski as Colonel Zygmunt Molibden, a member of the Polish secret police, Controlled Conversations is a brilliantly funny but extremely hermetic (for non-Poles) examination of the rise of an accidental hero.	Controlled Conversations	Stanisław Tym
screenwriter	Days to Remember (German: Die Verliebten) is a 1987 West German drama film directed by Jeanine Meerapfel.	Days to Remember	Jeanine Meerapfel
screenwriter	L'oro di Roma (internationally released as Gold of Rome) is a 1961 Italian war - drama film directed by Carlo Lizzani.	Gold of Rome	Carlo Lizzani
screenwriter	The Revolving Doors (French: Les Portes tournantes) is a 1988 Canadian-French French-language drama film directed by Francis Mankiewicz.	The Revolving Doors	Francis Mankiewicz
screenwriter	Uncle Boonmee Who Can Recall His Past Lives (Thai: ลุงบุญมีระลึกชาติ; rtgs: Lung Bunmi Raluek Chat) is a 2010 art drama Thai film written, produced and directed by Apichatpong Weerasethakul.	Uncle Boonmee Who Can Recall His Past Lives	Apichatpong Weerasethakul
screenwriter	Empire of the Wolves (French: L'Empire des loups) is a 2005 movie directed by Chris Nahon, written by Christian Clavier, Jean-Christophe Grangé, Chris Nahon and Franck Ollivier, and starring Jean Reno, Arly Jover, and Jocelyn Quivrin.	Empire of the Wolves	Christian Clavier	Jean-Christophe Grangé
screenwriter	Le Million is a 1931 French musical comedy film directed by René Clair.	Le Million	René Clair
screenwriter	The Wicker Tree is a 2011 horror film written and directed by British filmmaker Robin Hardy.	The Wicker Tree	Robin Hardy
screenwriter	The Discreet Charm of the Bourgeoisie (French: Le Charme discret de la bourgeoisie) is a 1972 surrealist film directed by Luis Buñuel and written by Jean-Claude Carrière in collaboration with the director.	The Discreet Charm of the Bourgeoisie	Luis Buñuel	Jean-Claude Carrière
screenwriter	The film was adapted by Melvyn Bragg, Margaret Drabble, and Clive Exton from the books My Life by Isadora and Isadora, an Intimate Portrait by Sewell Stokes.	Isadora	Margaret Drabble	Clive Exton
screenwriter	Voyage to the Beginning of the World (Portuguese: Viagem ao Princípio do Mundo, French: Voyage au début du monde) is a 1997 Portuguese-French drama film directed by Manoel de Oliveira and starring Marcello Mastroianni.	Voyage to the Beginning of the World	Manoel de Oliveira
screenwriter	The Bat Whispers is a 1930 American Pre-Code mystery film directed by Roland West, produced by Joseph M. Schenck, and released by United Artists.	The Bat Whispers	Roland West
screenwriter	Kill, Baby, Kill (Italian: Operazione paura) is a 1966 Italian horror film by director Mario Bava.	Kill, Baby, Kill	Mario Bava
screenwriter	Dead Man is a 1995 American Western film written and directed by Jim Jarmusch.	Dead Man	Jim Jarmusch
screenwriter	Den grønne heisen (English: The green elevator) is a 1981 Norwegian comedy film directed by Odd-Geir Sæther, based on a play by Avery Hopwood, and starring Rolv Wesenlund and Øivind Blunck.	Den grønne heisen	Odd-Geir Sæther
screenwriter	Timecrimes (Spanish: Los Cronocrímenes) is a 2007 science fiction film with a time loop plot, written and directed by Nacho Vigalondo.	Timecrimes	Nacho Vigalondo
screenwriter	Unlikely Revolutionaries (Italian: Figli delle stelle) is a 2010 Italian crime-comedy film directed by Lucio Pellegrini.	Unlikely Revolutionaries	Lucio Pellegrini
screenwriter	The Red Headed Corpse (Italian: La rossa dalla pelle che scotta,also known The Sensuous Doll and Sweet Spirits) is a 1972 Italian-Turkish giallo film directed by Renzo Russo.	The Red Headed Corpse	Renzo Russo
screenwriter	My Nikifor (Polish: Mój Nikifor) is a 2004 Polish drama film directed by Krzysztof Krauze.	My Nikifor	Krzysztof Krauze
screenwriter	Joanna Francesa is a 1973 French-Brazilian romantic drama film directed by Carlos Diegues and starring Jeanne Moreau, Eliezer Gomes and Carlos Kroeber.	Joanna Francesa	Carlos Diegues
screenwriter	The American Bride (Italian: La sposa americana) is a 1986 Italian romance film written and directed by Giovanni Soldati.	The American Bride	Giovanni Soldati
screenwriter	Le Beau Serge (French pronunciation: ​(lə bo sɛʁʒ), meaning ``Handsome Serge'') is a French film directed by Claude Chabrol, released in 1958.	Le Beau Serge	Claude Chabrol
screenwriter	Lulu femme nue (festival title: Lulu in the Nude) is a 2013 French comedy-drama film directed by Sólveig Anspach and based on the comic book Lulu femme nue by Etienne Davodeau.	Lulu femme nue	Sólveig Anspach
screenwriter	The Umbrella Coup (French: Le Coup du parapluie) is a 1980 French comedy film directed by Gérard Oury, starring Pierre Richard, Gordon Mitchell and Gert Fröbe.	The Umbrella Coup	Gérard Oury
screenwriter	The Stolen Children (Italian: Il ladro di bambini) is a 1992 Italian film directed by Gianni Amelio.	The Stolen Children	Gianni Amelio
screenwriter	Porci con la P 38 is a 1979 Italian ``poliziottesco'' film directed by Gianfranco Pagani.	Porci con la P 38	Gianfranco Pagani
screenwriter	Pugili (Italian: Boxers) is a 1995 Italian sports film directed by Lino Capolicchio, focusing on the world of boxing.	Pugili	Lino Capolicchio
screenwriter	The Last Lieutenant is a Norwegian movie from 1993, directed by Hans Petter Moland and starring Espen Skjønberg.	The Last Lieutenant	Hans Petter Moland
screenwriter	Pane, burro e marmellata (translation: ``Bread, Butter and Marmalade'') is a 1977 Italian comedy film directed by Giorgio Capitani and starring Enrico Montesano.	Pane, burro e marmellata	Giorgio Capitani	Enrico Montesano
screenwriter	The Life and Death of Colonel Blimp is a 1943 romantic drama war film written, produced and directed by the British film making team of Michael Powell and Emeric Pressburger under the production banner of The Archers.	The Life and Death of Colonel Blimp	Michael Powell	Emeric Pressburger
screenwriter	The Anniversary Party is a 2001 American comedy-drama film written, directed, produced by, and starring Jennifer Jason Leigh and Alan Cumming.	The Anniversary Party	Jennifer Jason Leigh	Alan Cumming
screenwriter	Ebba the Movie is a documentary film of Swedish punk band Ebba Grön from 1982, by director and writer Johan Donner.	Ebba the Movie	Johan Donner
screenwriter	Kungen kommer is a 1936 Swedish comedy film directed by Ragnar Hyltén-Cavallius.	Kungen kommer	Ragnar Hyltén-Cavallius
screenwriter	Broadway Bad is a 1933 American Pre-Code drama film directed by Sidney Lanfield and written by Maude Fulton.	Broadway Bad	Maude Fulton
screenwriter	Rocco e i suoi fratelli (English: Rocco and His Brothers) is a 1960 Italian film directed by Luchino Visconti, inspired by an episode from the novel Il ponte della Ghisolfa by Giovanni Testori.	Rocco and His Brothers	Luchino Visconti
screenwriter	Viuuulentemente mia (``Mine with violence'') is a 1982 Italian crime comedy film written and directed by Carlo Vanzina.	Viuuulentemente mia	Carlo Vanzina
screenwriter	Om Shanti Om is a 2007 Indian fantasy romantic thriller comedy film co written, choreographed and directed by Farah Khan.	Om Shanti Om	Farah Khan
screenwriter	The Enemies of Reason is a two-part television documentary, written and presented by evolutionary biologist Richard Dawkins, in which he seeks to expose ``those areas of belief that exist without scientific proof, yet manage to hold the nation under their spell'', including mediumship, acupuncture and psychokinesis.	The Enemies of Reason	Richard Dawkins
screenwriter	Hatsukoi Jigokuhen (初恋・地獄篇) is a 1968 film directed by Susumu Hani and co-scripted by him with Shūji Terayama.	Hatsukoi Jigokuhen	Shūji Terayama
screenwriter	Good Folk's Sunday (Italian: La domenica della buona gente) is a 1953 Italian comedy film directed by Anton Giulio Majano.	Good Folk's Sunday	Anton Giulio Majano
screenwriter	El perro (English: Bombón: El Perro and Bombón: The Dog) is a 2004 Argentine-Spanish drama film, directed by Carlos Sorín, and written by Sorín, Santiago Calori, and Salvador Roselli.	El perro	Carlos Sorín	Salvador Roselli
screenwriter	The Flowers of St. Francis (in Italian, Francesco, giullare di Dio, or ``Francis, God's Jester'') is a 1950 film directed by Roberto Rossellini and co-written by Federico Fellini.	The Flowers of St. Francis	Roberto Rossellini	Federico Fellini
screenwriter	Bullet in the Flesh or Il piombo e la carne is a 1965 Italian Spaghetti Western film directed by Marino Girolami.	Bullet in the Flesh	Marino Girolami
screenwriter	Milano rovente (internationally released as Gang War in Milan and Burning City) is a 1973 Italian poliziottesco film directed by Umberto Lenzi.	Gang War in Milan	Umberto Lenzi
screenwriter	The Appointment is a 1969 psychological drama film from director Sidney Lumet and writer James Salter, based on the story by Antonio Leonviola.	The Appointment	James Salter
screenwriter	La poliziotta a New York (internationally released as A Policewoman in New York) is a 1981 commedia sexy all'italiana directed by Michele Massimo Tarantini.	A Policewoman in New York	Michele Massimo Tarantini
screenwriter	Travolto dagli affetti familiari (Swept Away by Family Affection) is a 1978 Italian comedy film directed by Mauro Severino.	Travolto dagli affetti familiari	Mauro Severino
screenwriter	Il mio amico Benito (Italian for ``My friend Benito'') is a 1962 commedia all'italiana film directed by Giorgio Bianchi.	Il mio amico Benito	Giorgio Bianchi
screenwriter	A Husband for Anna (Italian: Un marito per Anna Zaccheo) is a 1953 Italian romance-drama film directed by Giuseppe De Santis.	A Husband for Anna	Giuseppe De Santis
screenwriter	That's My Man is a 1947 American drama film directed by Frank Borzage and written by Steve Fisher and Bradley King.	That's My Man	Steve Fisher
screenwriter	Le Garçu is a 1995 French drama film directed by Maurice Pialat and starring Gérard Depardieu.	Le Garçu	Maurice Pialat
screenwriter	71 Fragments of a Chronology of Chance (German: 71 Fragmente einer Chronologie des Zufalls) is a 1994 Austrian drama film directed by Michael Haneke.	71 Fragments of a Chronology of Chance	Michael Haneke
screenwriter	Kidz in da Hood (Swedish title: Förortsungar lit. ``Suburb kids'') is a 2006 Swedish film directed by Catti Edfeldt and Ylva Gustavsson.	Kidz in da Hood	Ylva Gustavsson
screenwriter	Clarence, the Cross-Eyed Lion is a 1965 film directed by Andrew Marton and starring Marshall Thompson and Betsy Drake.	Clarence, the Cross-Eyed Lion	Marshall Thompson
screenwriter	Paradise Alley is a 1978 American sports film written and directed by Sylvester Stallone in his feature film directorial debut, who also starred in the role.	Paradise Alley	Sylvester Stallone
screenwriter	Desert Blue is a 1998 American comedy/drama film written and directed by Morgan J. Freeman and starring Brendan Sexton III, Kate Hudson.	Desert Blue	Morgan J. Freeman
screenwriter	That Can't Shake Our Willi! (German:Das kann doch unsren Willi nicht erschüttern) is a 1970 German comedy film directed by Rolf Olsen and starring Heinz Erhardt, Ruth Stephan and Günther Jerschke.	That Can't Shake Our Willi!	Rolf Olsen
screenwriter	Muita Calma Nessa Hora 2 is a 2014 Brazilian comedy film directed by Felipe Joffily, written by Bruno Mazzeo and Lusa Silvestre, and starring Mazzeo, Marcelo Adnet, Fernanda Souza and Andréia Horta.	Muita Calma Nessa Hora 2	Bruno Mazzeo
screenwriter	The Last Hunt is a 1956 MGM western film directed by Richard Brooks and produced by Dore Schary.	The Last Hunt	Richard Brooks
screenwriter	Norwegian Ninja (Norwegian: Kommandør Treholt & ninjatroppen) is a 2010 Norwegian action comedy film, directed by Thomas Cappelen Malling.	Norwegian Ninja	Thomas Cappelen Malling
screenwriter	Survival Island, also known as Three, is a 2005 erotic thriller film written and directed by Stewart Raffill.	Survival Island	Stewart Raffill
screenwriter	Madame Sin is a 1972 British thriller film directed by David Greene and starring Bette Davis, Robert Wagner, Denholm Elliott and Gordon Jackson.	Madame Sin	David Greene
screenwriter	Rocky is a 1976 American sports drama film directed by John G. Avildsen and both written by and starring Sylvester Stallone.	Rocky	Sylvester Stallone
screenwriter	Rhythm Is It! is a 2004 German documentary film directed by Thomas Grube and Enrique Sánchez Lansch.	Rhythm Is It!	Thomas Grube
screenwriter	800 Bullets (Spanish: 800 Balas) is a 2002 Spanish film directed by Álex de la Iglesia.	800 Bullets	Álex de la Iglesia
screenwriter	When Four Do the Same (German:Wenn vier Dasselbe tun) is a 1917 German silent comedy drama film directed by Ernst Lubitsch and starring Ossi Oswalda, Emil Jannings and Margarete Kupfer.	When Four Do the Same	Ernst Lubitsch
screenwriter	Eve's Bayou is a 1997 American drama film written and directed by Kasi Lemmons, who made her directorial debut with this film.	Eve's Bayou	Kasi Lemmons
screenwriter	Nightmare Beach (also released as Welcome to Spring Break) is an 1989 American-Italian slasher horror film directed by Umberto Lenzi (Harry Kirkpatrick), and starring Nicolas de Toth, Sarah Buxton, John Saxon, and Michael Parks.	Nightmare Beach	Umberto Lenzi
screenwriter	Bunker Palace Hôtel is a 1989 French post-apocalyptic film by comics artist Enki Bilal.	Bunker Palace Hôtel	Enki Bilal
screenwriter	It Boy (French title: 20 ans d'écart) is a 2013 French romantic comedy film directed by David Moreau.	It Boy	David Moreau
screenwriter	Code 46 is a 2003 British film directed by Michael Winterbottom, with screenplay by Frank Cottrell Boyce.	Code 46	Frank Cottrell Boyce
screenwriter	Bleak Moments is a 1971 British film, the first film of Mike Leigh.	Bleak Moments	Mike Leigh
screenwriter	Code Name Melville (original French title: Sous le nom de Melville) is a feature length documentary about Jean-Pierre Melville, directed by Olivier Bohler and produced by Raphaël Millet for Nocturnes Productions in 2008.	Code Name Melville	Olivier Bohler
screenwriter	Oggetti smarriti (internationally released as Lost and Found, Lost Objects and An Italian Woman) is a 1980 Italian comedy-drama film directed by Giuseppe Bertolucci.	Oggetti smarriti	Giuseppe Bertolucci
screenwriter	Going Away (French: Un beau dimanche) is a 2013 French drama film directed by Nicole Garcia.	Going Away	Nicole Garcia
screenwriter	Spicy Love Soup (Chinese: 爱情麻辣烫; pinyin: Aìqíng Má Là Tāng) is a 1997 Chinese film directed by Zhang Yang and written by Zhang, Liu Fendou, Cai Shangjun, and Diao Yi'nan based on a story by Zhang and Peter Loehr.	Spicy Love Soup	Zhang Yang	Liu Fendou	Cai Shangjun	Peter Loehr
screenwriter	Lyckan kommer (English: Happiness Comes) is a 1942 Swedish comedy film directed by Hasse Ekman.	Lyckan kommer	Hasse Ekman
screenwriter	The film was based on the 1899 play Two Little Drummer Boys by Walter Howard and was shot at Southall Studios.	Two Little Drummer Boys	Walter Howard
screenwriter	The Girl in the Park is a 2007 drama film by David Auburn, who makes his directorial debut here after having written the films Proof in 2005 and The Lake House in 2006.	The Girl in the Park	David Auburn
screenwriter	The Heart of Humanity is a 1918 American silent war propaganda film produced by Universal Pictures and directed by Allen Holubar.	The Heart of Humanity	Allen Holubar
screenwriter	Total Balalaika Show is a 1994 film by director Aki Kaurismäki featuring a concert with Leningrad Cowboys and Alexandrov Ensemble.	Total Balalaika Show	Aki Kaurismäki
screenwriter	The Priest and the Girl (Portuguese: O Padre e a Moça) is a 1965 Brazilian drama film directed by Joaquim Pedro de Andrade, based on Carlos Drummond de Andrade's poem of the same name.	The Priest and the Girl	Joaquim Pedro de Andrade
screenwriter	``Bed Among the Lentils'' is a dramatic monologue written by Alan Bennett in 1987 for television, as part of his Talking Heads series for the BBC.	Bed Among the Lentils	Alan Bennett
screenwriter	Spike of Bensonhurst is a 1988 American comedy-drama and mafia film written and directed by Paul Morrissey and starring Sasha Mitchell.	Spike of Bensonhurst	Paul Morrissey
screenwriter	Foolish Wives is a 1922 American silent drama film produced and distributed by Universal Pictures under their Super-Jewel banner and written and directed by Erich von Stroheim.	Foolish Wives	Erich von Stroheim
screenwriter	O Fantasma (English: The Phantom or The Ghost) is a 2000 Portuguese explicit gay-themed film directed by João Pedro Rodrigues and produced at the independent production company Rosa Filmes.	O Fantasma	João Pedro Rodrigues
screenwriter	The Finzi Detective Agency (Italian: Agenzia Riccardo Finzi... praticamente detective) is a 1979 crime-comedy film written and directed by Bruno Corbucci and starring Renato Pozzetto.	The Finzi Detective Agency	Bruno Corbucci
screenwriter	Come tu mi vuoi is a 2007 Italian comedy film directed by Volfango De Biasi.	Come tu mi vuoi	Volfango De Biasi
screenwriter	Brotherhood of Blood is a 2007 horror film, starring Jason Connery, Victoria Pratt, Sid Haig and Ken Foree, directed by Peter Scheerer and Michael Roesch.	Brotherhood of Blood	Michael Roesch
screenwriter	588 rue paradis is a 1992 semi-autobiographical film written and directed by French-Armenian filmmaker Henri Verneuil.	588 rue paradis	Henri Verneuil
screenwriter	Tale of the Mummy (also known as Russel Mulcahy's Tale of the Mummy and Talos -- the Mummy) is a 1998 British-American horror film, directed by Russell Mulcahy, starring Jason Scott Lee, Jack Davenport, Louise Lombard and Christopher Lee.	Tale of the Mummy	Russell Mulcahy
screenwriter	Formula of Love (Russian: Формула любви) is a 1984 Soviet romantic fantasy comedy film directed by Mark Zakharov, from a screenplay by Grigori Gorin.	Formula of Love	Grigori Gorin
screenwriter	Les Espions (``The Spies'') is a 1957 French film directed by Henri-Georges Clouzot and written by Clouzot with Jerôme Géronim and Egon Hostovsky.	Les Espions	Henri-Georges Clouzot
screenwriter	Dear Goddamned Friends (Italian: Cari fottutissimi amici) is a 1994 Italian comedy film directed by Mario Monicelli.	Dear Goddamned Friends	Mario Monicelli
screenwriter	Blume in Love is a 1973 film written, produced and directed by Paul Mazursky, who also appears in it.	Blume in Love	Paul Mazursky
screenwriter	Terrible Day of the Big Gundown (Italian: Quel maledetto giorno della resa dei conti, also known as Vendetta at Dawn) is a 1971 Italian Spaghetti Western film directed by Sergio Garrone (here credited as Willy S. Regan).	Terrible Day of the Big Gundown	Sergio Garrone
screenwriter	Separate Lies is a 2005 British drama film directed by Julian Fellowes, who also wrote the screenplay, updating the 1951 novel A Way Through the Wood by Nigel Balchin, which had already been turned into a stage play under the title Waiting for Gillian in 1957.	Separate Lies	Nigel Balchin
screenwriter	8-pallo (English: 8-ball) is a 2013 Finnish film directed by Aku Louhimies and based on a crime novel Elävien kirjoihin by Marko Kivi.	8-pallo	Aku Louhimies
screenwriter	Life and Nothing But (French: La vie et rien d'autre) is a 1989 French film directed by Bertrand Tavernier.	Life and Nothing But	Bertrand Tavernier
screenwriter	Argument Clinic is a sketch from Monty Python's Flying Circus, written by John Cleese and Graham Chapman.	Argument Clinic	John Cleese	Graham Chapman
screenwriter	På en bänk i en park (English: On a bench in a park) is a 1960 Swedish drama film directed by Hasse Ekman.	På en bänk i en park	Hasse Ekman
screenwriter	Alive and Ticking (German: Ein Tick anders) is a German comedy film directed by Andi Rogenhagen.	Alive and Ticking	Andi Rogenhagen
screenwriter	It's All About Love is a 2003 romance-drama film written and directed by Thomas Vinterberg.	It's All About Love	Thomas Vinterberg
screenwriter	Le Mans, Shortcut to Hell (Italian: Le Mans - Scorciatoia per l'inferno, also known as Summer Love) is a 1970 Italian action film directed by Osvaldo Civirani.	Le Mans, Shortcut to Hell	Osvaldo Civirani
screenwriter	Sweet Mud (Hebrew: אדמה משוגעת) is a 2006 Israeli satirical drama film written and directed by Dror Shaul.	Sweet Mud	Dror Shaul
screenwriter	Hill of Freedom (Hangul: 자유의 언덕; RR: Jayuui Eondeok) is a 2014 South Korean film written and directed by Hong Sang-soo.	Hill of Freedom	Hong Sang-soo
screenwriter	Pardon Mon Affaire, Too! (French: Nous irons tous au paradis, English: We Will All Meet in Paradise) is a French film, directed by Yves Robert, released in 1977.	Pardon Mon Affaire, Too!	Yves Robert
screenwriter	The Accompanist (French: L'Accompagnatrice) is a 1992 French film directed by Claude Miller from a novel by Nina Berberova, and starring Romane Bohringer, Yelena Safonova and Richard Bohringer.	The Accompanist	Claude Miller
screenwriter	Not Here to Be Loved (French: Je ne suis pas là pour être aimé) is a 2005 French film directed by Stéphane Brizé.	Not Here to Be Loved	Stéphane Brizé
screenwriter	Winter Light (Swedish: Nattvardsgästerna, literally ``The Communicants'') is a 1963 Swedish drama film written and directed by Ingmar Bergman and starring Bergman regulars Gunnar Björnstrand, Ingrid Thulin and Max von Sydow.	Winter Light	Ingmar Bergman
screenwriter	The Croods was written and directed by Kirk DeMicco and Chris Sanders, and produced by Kristine Belson and Jane Hartwell.	The Croods	Kirk DeMicco	Chris Sanders
screenwriter	The Adjuster is a 1991 Canadian drama film directed by Atom Egoyan.	The Adjuster	Atom Egoyan
screenwriter	Low Heights (in Persian: ارتفاع پست, transliteration: Ertefa'e Past) is a 2002 Iranian film directed by Ebrahim Hatamikia and starring Hamid Farrokhnezhad, Leila Hatami, Amir Aghaei, Reza Shafiee Jam, and Gohar Kheirandish.	Low Heights	Ebrahim Hatamikia
screenwriter	An Inconvenient Truth is a 2006 documentary film directed by Davis Guggenheim about former United States Vice President Al Gore's campaign to educate citizens about global warming via a comprehensive slide show that, by his own estimate made in the film, he has given more than a thousand times.	An Inconvenient Truth	Al Gore
screenwriter	Memórias Póstumas (known in English as Posthumous Memoirs and Posthumous Memories) is a 2001 comedy-drama film directed by André Klotzel based on The Posthumous Memoirs of Bras Cubas by Machado de Assis.	Memórias Póstumas	André Klotzel
screenwriter	We Want the Colonels (Italian: Vogliamo i colonnelli) is a 1973 Italian comedy film directed by Mario Monicelli.	We Want the Colonels	Mario Monicelli
screenwriter	Being Twenty (Italian: Avere vent'anni, also known as To Be Twenty) is a 1978 Italian erotic-drama film directed by Fernando Di Leo and starring Gloria Guida, Lilli Carati and Ray Lovelock.	Being Twenty	Fernando Di Leo
screenwriter	Giovanna's Father (Italian: Il papà di Giovanna) is a 2008 Italian drama film directed by Pupi Avati.	Giovanna's Father	Pupi Avati
screenwriter	The Story of Dida Ibsen (German:Dida Ibsens Geschichte) is a 1918 German silent drama film directed by Richard Oswald and starring Anita Berber, Conrad Veidt and Werner Krauss.	The Story of Dida Ibsen	Richard Oswald
screenwriter	Tonight for Sure is a 1962 Western softcore comedy film by Francis Ford Coppola.	Tonight for Sure	Francis Ford Coppola
screenwriter	A Girl Called Rosemary (German:Das Mädchen Rosemarie) is a 1996 German biography film directed by Bernd Eichinger.	A Girl Called Rosemary	Bernd Eichinger
screenwriter	Kalavaadiya Pozhuthugal (English: Stolen Moments) is an unreleased Tamil-language romance film written and directed by Thangar Bachan.	Kalavaadiya Pozhuthugal	Thangar Bachan
screenwriter	Three Sad Tigers (Spanish: Tres tristes tigres) is a 1968 Chilean drama film directed by Raúl Ruiz.	Three Sad Tigers	Raúl Ruiz
screenwriter	The Killer Must Kill Again (Italian: L'assassino è costretto ad uccidere ancora) is a 1975 Italian giallo film directed by Luigi Cozzi.	The Killer Must Kill Again	Luigi Cozzi
screenwriter	Saint Ange, also known as House of Voices, is a 2004 French-Romanian horror film written and directed by Pascal Laugier.	Saint Ange	Pascal Laugier
screenwriter	Death Watch (French: La Mort en direct) is a 1980 science fiction film directed by Bertrand Tavernier.	Death Watch	Bertrand Tavernier
screenwriter	The God Who Wasn't There is a 2005 independent documentary written and directed by Brian Flemming.	The God Who Wasn't There	Brian Flemming
screenwriter	Udan Pirappu is a 1993 Tamil drama directed by P. Vasu.	Udan Pirappu	P. Vasu
screenwriter	Goodbye First Love (French: Un amour de jeunesse) is a 2011 Franco-German film directed by Mia Hansen-Løve.	Goodbye First Love	Mia Hansen-Løve
screenwriter	La Horde (English title: The Horde) is a 2009 French horror film co-written and directed by Yannick Dahan and Benjamin Rocher, it stars Claude Perron, Jean-Pierre Martins, Eriq Ebouaney and Aurélien Recoing.	La Horde	Yannick Dahan
screenwriter	Alice Doesn't Live Here Anymore is a 1974 American comedy drama film directed by Martin Scorsese and written by Robert Getchell.	Alice Doesn't Live Here Anymore	Robert Getchell
screenwriter	Quando c'era lui... caro lei! (traslation: ``When he was there ... you dear!'') is a 1978 Italian comedy film written and directed by Giancarlo Santi.	Quando c'era lui... caro lei!	Giancarlo Santi
screenwriter	Il corsaro della mezzaluna, internationally released as Pirate of the Half Moon, is a 1957 Italian adventure film directed by Giuseppe Maria Scotese and starring John Derek.	Pirate of the Half Moon	Giuseppe Maria Scotese
screenwriter	The Words of My Father (Italian: Le parole di mio padre) is a 2001 Italian drama film directed by Francesca Comencini.	The Words of My Father	Francesca Comencini
screenwriter	Half Past Dead is a 2002 American action film written and directed by Don Michael Paul in his directorial debut, and produced by Steven Seagal, who also starred in the lead role.	Half Past Dead	Don Michael Paul
screenwriter	Last Chance Harvey is a 2008 British-American romantic drama film written and directed by Joel Hopkins.	Last Chance Harvey	Joel Hopkins
screenwriter	Lagaan (English: Taxation) is a 2001 Indian epic sports-drama film written and directed by Ashutosh Gowariker.	Lagaan	Ashutosh Gowariker
screenwriter	The Trial of Joan of Arc (French: Procès de Jeanne d'Arc) is a 1962 historical film by the French director Robert Bresson.	The Trial of Joan of Arc	Robert Bresson
screenwriter	The Poker House, subsequently retitled as Behind Closed Doors, is a 2008 American drama film written and directed by Lori Petty, in her directorial debut.	The Poker House	Lori Petty
screenwriter	An Italian in America (Italian: Un italiano in America) is a 1967 Commedia all'italiana film co-written and directed by Alberto Sordi and starring the same Sordi opposite Vittorio De Sica.	An Italian in America	Alberto Sordi
screenwriter	Veronika Voss (German: Die Sehnsucht der Veronika Voss, ``The Longing of Veronika Voss'') is a black-and-white 1982 film directed by Rainer Werner Fassbinder.	Veronika Voss	Rainer Werner Fassbinder
screenwriter	Camorra, internationally released as Gang War in Naples, is a 1972 Italian crime-drama film written and directed by Pasquale Squitieri.	Gang War in Naples	Pasquale Squitieri
screenwriter	Graveyard Disturbance (aka A Night in a Cemetery and Una notte al cimitero) is a 1987 Italian horror made-for-TV movie directed by Lamberto Bava and written by Dardano Sacchetti.	Graveyard Disturbance	Lamberto Bava	Dardano Sacchetti
screenwriter	It is based on the novel Cirkus Columbia by well known Bosnian Croat writer Ivica Đikić.	Cirkus Columbia	Ivica Đikić
screenwriter	A Haunted House is a 2013 American parody comedy film directed by Michael Tiddes and starring Marlon Wayans.	A Haunted House	Marlon Wayans
screenwriter	De forældreløse (English: The orphans) was a 1937 Norwegian drama film written and directed by Peter Lykke-Seest, starring Esben Lykke-Seest and Lullu Hansteen.	De forældreløse	Peter Lykke-Seest
screenwriter	Until the End of the World (German: Bis ans Ende der Welt) is a 1991 drama science fiction film by the German film director Wim Wenders; the screenplay was written by Wenders and Peter Carey, from a story by Wenders and Solveig Dommartin.	Until the End of the World	Wim Wenders	Peter Carey	Solveig Dommartin
screenwriter	Tiempo de Silencio (English: Time of Silence) is a 1986 Spanish film directed by Vicente Aranda adapted from a well-regarded novel written by Luis Martín-Santos.	Tiempo de Silencio	Vicente Aranda
screenwriter	Everyday Life in a Syrian Village (Arabic: الحياة اليومية في قرية سورية‎) is a Syrian documentary film by the director Omar Amiralay.	Everyday Life in a Syrian Village	Omar Amiralay
screenwriter	I Think I Love My Wife is a 2007 romantic comedy film starring Chris Rock and Kerry Washington.	I Think I Love My Wife	Chris Rock
series	``Wait for It'' is the first episode in the third season of the television series How I Met Your Mother and 45th episode overall.	Wait for It	How I Met Your Mother
series	Life with Tom is a 1953 one reel animated Tom and Jerry short, directed by William Hanna and Joseph Barbera and produced by Fred Quimby with music by Scott Bradley.	Life with Tom	Tom and Jerry
series	Gaudy Night (1935) is a mystery novel by Dorothy L. Sayers, the tenth in her popular series about aristocratic sleuth Lord Peter Wimsey, and the third featuring crime writer Harriet Vane.	Gaudy Night	Lord Peter Wimsey
series	``Season of Death'' is an episode from the third season of the Australian television series Farscape, written by Richard Manning and directed by Ian Watson.	Season of Death	Farscape
series	When You've Got to Go is the second episode of the eighth British comedy series Dad's Army that was originally broadcast on Wednesday 12 September 1975.	When You've Got to Go	Dad's Army
series	``On with the Dance'' is the first episode of the fifth and final series of the period drama Upstairs, Downstairs.	On with the Dance	Upstairs, Downstairs
series	``Made to Suffer'' is the eighth episode and mid-season finale of the third season of the post-apocalyptic horror television series The Walking Dead.	Made to Suffer	The Walking Dead
series	Devil's Feud Cake is a 1963 Warner Bros. Merrie Melodies animated short featuring Bugs Bunny and Yosemite Sam.	Devil's Feud Cake	Merrie Melodies
series	Trojan Odyssey is a Dirk Pitt novel by Clive Cussler, published first in 2003.	Trojan Odyssey	Dirk Pitt
series	Battle for the Park is the seventh (and in linear terms the final) book of The Animals of Farthing Wood series.	Battle for the Park	The Animals of Farthing Wood
series	Magic Casements was the seventh episode of the first series of the British television series, Upstairs, Downstairs.	Magic Casements	Upstairs, Downstairs
series	``The Safety Inspector'' is the eight episode of the first season in the Swift and Shift Couriers Series.	The Safety Inspector	Swift and Shift Couriers
series	``Hannah Banana'' is the fifth episode of the eighth season of the animated series Family Guy.	Hannah Banana	Family Guy
series	``Sex, Pies and Idiot Scrapes'' is the season premiere of The Simpsons'' twentieth season, and first aired September 28, 2008.	Sex, Pies and Idiot Scrapes	The Simpsons
series	The Audi A6 is an executive car made by the German automaker Audi AG, now in its fourth generation.	Audi A6	executive car
series	The Kalahari Typing School for Men is the fourth in The No. 1 Ladies' Detective Agency series of novels by Alexander McCall Smith, set in Gaborone, Botswana, and featuring the Motswana protagonist Precious Ramotswe.	The Kalahari Typing School for Men	The No. 1 Ladies' Detective Agency
series	``Evicted!'' is the twelfth episode of the first season of the American animated television series Adventure Time.	Evicted!	Adventure Time
series	The Fire Engine That Disappeared (Brandbilen som försvann, 1969) is the fifth in the 'Martin Beck' detective series by Sjöwall and Wahlöö.	The Fire Engine That Disappeared	Martin Beck
series	A Shadow on the Glass is the first novel in The View from the Mirror quartet.	A Shadow on the Glass	The View from the Mirror
series	``The Telltale Head'' is the eighth episode of The Simpsons' first season, and it originally aired February 25, 1990.	The Telltale Head	The Simpsons
series	Vampire Rites (also called the Vampire Mountain trilogy) is the second trilogy in The Saga of Darren Shan by author Darren Shan.	Vampire Rites	The Saga of Darren Shan
series	Stranger in Possum Meadows is the fifty-second episode (the seventeenth episode of the third season (1988--89) of the television series The Twilight Zone.	Stranger in Possum Meadows	The Twilight Zone
series	The Haunted Air is the sixth volume in a series of Repairman Jack books written by American author F. Paul Wilson.	The Haunted Air	Repairman Jack
series	The Murder Room is a 2003 detective novel and the 12th in the Adam Dalgliesh series by P. D. James.	The Murder Room	Adam Dalgliesh
series	The Hand of Fear is the second serial of the 14th season of the British science fiction television series Doctor Who, which was first broadcast in four weekly parts from 2 October to 23 October 1976.	The Hand of Fear	Doctor Who
series	``Into the Dalek'' is the second episode of the eighth series of the British science fiction television programme Doctor Who, written by Phil Ford and Steven Moffat, directed by Ben Wheatley, and first broadcast on 30 August 2014.	Into the Dalek	Doctor Who
series	Blood Follows is a novella by Steven Erikson set in the world of the Malazan Book of the Fallen.	Blood Follows	Malazan Book of the Fallen
series	Shooting Pains is the sixth and final episode of the first series in the British comedy series Dad's Army, which was originally transmitted on Wednesday 11 September 1968.	Shooting Pains	Dad's Army
series	``Roasted Guy'' is the sixteenth episode of the 13th season of the animated sitcom Family Guy, and the 247th episode overall.	Roasted Guy	Family Guy
series	``Half-Wit'' is the fifteenth episode of the third season of House and premiered on the FOX network on March 6, 2007.	Half-Wit	House
series	I, Q is a 2000 Star Trek novel by John de Lancie and Peter David, set in the Star Trek: The Next Generation fictional universe.	I, Q	Star Trek: The Next Generation
series	``The Prisoner of Benda'' is the 10th episode of the sixth season of the animated sitcom, Futurama.	The Prisoner of Benda	Futurama
series	``Basil the Rat'' is the sixth and final episode of the second series of the BBC sitcom Fawlty Towers and the final episode of the programme as a whole.	Basil the Rat	Fawlty Towers
series	Holy Enchilada! is the sixth book in the Hank Zipzer book series by Henry Winkler and Lin Oliver.	Holy Enchilada!	Hank Zipzer
series	``The Daedalus Variations'' is the 84th episode of the science fiction television series Stargate Atlantis, and is the fourth episode in the series' fifth season.	The Daedalus Variations	Stargate Atlantis
series	The Gods of War is the fourth novel in the Emperor series, written by British author Conn Iggulden.	The Gods of War	Emperor
series	``Michael's Birthday'' is the nineteenth episode of the second season of the American comedy television series The Office, and the show's twenty-fifth episode overall.	Michael's Birthday	The Office
series	``Maxxie and Anwar'' is the sixth episode of the first series of the British teen drama Skins.	Maxxie and Anwar	Skins
series	Ringworld's Children is a 2004 science fiction novel by Larry Niven, the fourth in the Ringworld series set in the Known Space universe.	Ringworld's Children	Ringworld series
series	``A Katy or a Gaga'' is the fourth episode of the fifth season of the American musical television series Glee, and the ninety-second episode overall.	A Katy or a Gaga	Glee
series	``Goodbye, Toby'' is the fourth season hour-long finale of the American comedy television series The Office, and the show's seventy-first and seventy-second episodes overall.	Goodbye, Toby	The Office
series	``Gourmet Night'' is the fifth episode in the first series of the BBC TV sitcom Fawlty Towers.	Gourmet Night	Fawlty Towers
series	``The Untitled Rachel Berry Project'' is the twentieth episode and season finale of the fifth season of the American musical television series Glee, and the 108th episode overall.	The Untitled Rachel Berry Project	Glee
series	``The Adventure of the Sussex Vampire'', written by British author Arthur Conan Doyle, is one of 12 Sherlock Holmes stories collected between 1921-1927 as The Case Book of Sherlock Holmes.	The Adventure of the Sussex Vampire	The Case Book of Sherlock Holmes
series	Turn Coat is the 11th book in The Dresden Files, Jim Butcher's continuing series about wizard detective Harry Blackstone Copperfield Dresden.	Turn Coat	The Dresden Files
series	``The Great Patty Caper'', also known as ``Mystery with a Twistery'', is the 17th episode of the seventh season and the 143rd overall episode of the American animated television series SpongeBob SquarePants.	The Great Patty Caper	SpongeBob SquarePants
series	A Picture of Freedom is a children's historical novel written by Patricia C. McKissack and published by Scholastic in 1997 as part of their Dear America series.	A Picture of Freedom	Dear America
series	Irish Eyes is the fifth of the Nuala Anne McGrail series of mystery novels by Roman Catholic priest and author Father Andrew M. Greeley.	Irish Eyes	Nuala Anne McGrail series
series	The Saint Steps In is the title of a mystery novel by Leslie Charteris featuring his creation, Simon Templar, alias The Saint.	The Saint Steps In	Simon Templar
series	Uninvited Guests is the twelfth episode of the fourth series of the British comedy TV series Dad's Army that was originally transmitted on Friday, 11 December 1970.	Uninvited Guests	Dad's Army
series	A Lion Among Men is the third novel in Gregory Maguire's The Wicked Years and was released in the UK on October 2, 2008, October 8 in the US, and on October 14, 2008 in the rest of Europe.	A Lion Among Men	The Wicked Years
series	Falcons of Narabedla is a science fiction novel by Marion Zimmer Bradley set in the universe of her Darkover series.	Falcons of Narabedla	Darkover series
series	``Lethal Weapons'' is the seventh episode from the third season of the FOX animated series Family Guy, another episode produced for Season 2.	Lethal Weapons	Family Guy
series	``Lucy Goes to the Hospital'' is an episode of the 1950s American television show I Love Lucy in which the title character, Lucy Ricardo, gives birth to her son, ``Little Ricky,'' after a ``predictably chaotic'' sequence of events.	Lucy Goes to the Hospital	I Love Lucy
series	``Two Tonys'' is the fifty-third episode of the HBO original series The Sopranos and is the first of the show's fifth season.	Two Tonys	The Sopranos
series	``Ugly Berry'' is the sixth episode in the third season, the 47th episode overall, of the American dramedy series Ugly Betty, which aired on October 30, 2008.	Ugly Berry	Ugly Betty
series	The Power of Six is the second book in the young adult science fiction series The Lorien Legacies, written by Pittacus Lore (James Frey and Jobie Hughes).	The Power of Six	Lorien Legacies
series	``Ron and Tammy'' received highly positive reviews and is widely considered one of the best Parks and Recreation episodes, with many commentators praising Offerman's performance.	Ron and Tammy	Parks and Recreation
series	The Hyundai i40 is a large family car designed for the European market by South Korean manufacturer Hyundai.	Hyundai i40	family car
series	``Butters' Bottom Bitch'' is the ninth episode of the thirteenth season of the American animated television series South Park, and the 190th overall episode of the series.	Butters' Bottom Bitch	South Park
series	``The Uncle Ruckus Reality Show'' is a second season episode of the Adult Swim animated television series The Boondocks.	The Uncle Ruckus Reality Show	The Boondocks
series	The Sword Thief is the third book in The 39 Clues series.	The Sword Thief	The 39 Clues
series	``New City, New Drama'' is the pilot episode of The Hills, the first spin-off of Laguna Beach:	New City, New Drama	The Hills
series	``Johann Mouse'' is the 75th one-reel animated Tom and Jerry short, created in 1952 directed by William Hanna and Joseph Barbera and produced by Fred Quimby with music by Scott Bradley and Jakob Gimpel (who plays the piano in this short) and narration by Hans Conried.	Johann Mouse	Tom and Jerry
series	Taylor Swift and Def Leppard is an episode of the CMT television show CMT Crossroads.	Taylor Swift and Def Leppard	CMT Crossroads
series	``Homer at the Bat'' is the seventeenth episode of The Simpsons' third season, which originally aired February 20, 1992.	Homer at the Bat	The Simpsons
series	The Mauritius Command is the fourth naval historical novel in the Aubrey-Maturin series by Patrick O'Brian, first published in 1977.	The Mauritius Command	Aubrey-Maturin series
series	``Bolshoi Booze'' is the thirty-third episode of the American television series Prison Break and is the eleventh episode of its second season.	Bolshoi Booze	Prison Break
series	``Shelter Skelter'' is the second segment of the thirty-third episode and the ninth episode of the second season (1986--87) of the television series The Twilight Zone.	Shelter Skelter	The Twilight Zone
series	``Trilogy Time'' is the 20th episode of the seventh season of the CBS sitcom How I Met Your Mother, and the 156th episode overall.	Trilogy Time	How I Met Your Mother
series	``Episode 6188'' is the 6188th episode of the Australian soap opera Neighbours.	Episode 6188	Neighbours
series	``Twilight's Kingdom'' is the collective name for the twenty-fifth and twenty-sixth episodes of the fourth season of the Canadian-American animated television series My Little Pony: Friendship Is Magic, as well as the ninetieth and ninety-first episodes of the series overall.	Twilight's Kingdom	My Little Pony: Friendship Is Magic
series	The ``Comic Relief special'' was an edition of the BBC sit-com, Only Fools and Horses, recorded as part of the 1997 Comic Relief appeal.	Comic Relief special	Only Fools and Horses
series	Smitten Kitten is a 1952 American one-reel animated cartoon and is the 66th Tom and Jerry short directed by William Hanna and Joseph Barbera and produced by Fred Quimby.	Smitten Kitten	Tom and Jerry
series	``Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina'' is the first episode in the ninth season of the American animated television series South Park.	Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina	South Park
series	First Test, is a fantasy novel by Tamora Pierce, the first book in the series Protector of the Small.	First Test	Protector of the Small
series	Whoever Heard of a Ghost Dying? is the eighth episode of the popular 1969 ITC British television series Randall and Hopkirk (Deceased) starring Mike Pratt, Kenneth Cope and Annette Andre.	Whoever Heard of a Ghost Dying?	Randall and Hopkirk
series	``Sons of Mogh'' is the 15th episode of the fourth season of Star Trek: Deep Space Nine, the 87th episode overall.	Sons of Mogh	Star Trek: Deep Space Nine
series	The Sword of Aldones is a sword and planet novel by Marion Zimmer Bradley in her Darkover series.	The Sword of Aldones	Darkover series
series	Windows 3.0, a graphical environment, is the third major release of Microsoft Windows, and was released on May 22, 1990.	Windows 3.0	Microsoft Windows
series	Four to Score is the fourth novel by Janet Evanovich featuring the bounty hunter Stephanie Plum.	Four to Score	Stephanie Plum
series	``The Almost People'' is the sixth episode of the sixth series of the British science fiction television series Doctor Who, and was first broadcast on BBC One on 28 May 2011.	The Almost People	Doctor Who
series	``People Who Love Peepholes'' is the 179th episode and second episode of the ninth season of the American sitcom Two and a Half Men.	People Who Love Peepholes	Two and a Half Men
series	``Gone for Goode'' is the first episode of the first season of the American police drama television series Homicide: Life on the Street.	Gone for Goode	Homicide: Life on the Street
series	What Are Friends For? is the first segment of the twenty-sixth episode (the second episode of the second season (1986--87) of the television series The Twilight Zone.	What Are Friends For?	The Twilight Zone
series	``Homer Loves Flanders'' is the sixteenth episode of The Simpsons' fifth season.	Homer Loves Flanders	The Simpsons
series	Ring Dem Bells is the first episode of the eighth series of the British comedy series Dad's Army, originally broadcast on 5 September 1975.	Ring Dem Bells	Dad's Army
series	Action Mountain High is the fifth episode of season one of the television sitcom Grounded for Life.	Action Mountain High	Grounded for Life
series	Thendara House is a fantasy science fiction novel novel by Marion Zimmer Bradley in her Darkover series and is a sequel to The Shattered Chain.	Thendara House	Darkover series
series	``Fresh Bones'' is the fifteenth episode of the second season of the science fiction television series The X-Files.	Fresh Bones	The X-Files
series	Foundation and Earth is a Locus Award-nominated science fiction novel by Isaac Asimov, the fifth novel of the Foundation series and chronologically the last in the series.	Foundation and Earth	Foundation series
series	``The Griffin Family History'' (also known as ``Untitled Griffin Family History'') is the 27th episode of the fourth season of the animated comedy series Family Guy.	The Griffin Family History	Family Guy
series	Championship Manager 2008 is an iteration in Eidos' Championship Manager series of computer games.	Championship Manager 2008	Championship Manager series
series	``11001001'' is the 15th episode of the first season of the American science fiction television series Star Trek: The Next Generation.	11001001	Star Trek: The Next Generation
series	``Marge vs. the Monorail'' is the twelfth episode of The Simpsons'' fourth season.	Marge vs. the Monorail	The Simpsons
series	Saturday Evening Puss' is a 1950 one-reel animated cartoon and is the 48th Tom and Jerry short directed by William Hanna and Joseph Barbera who created the cat and mouse duo ten years earlier.	Saturday Evening Puss	Tom and Jerry
series	Cruel Zinc Melodies is the twelfth novel in Glen Cook's ongoing Garrett P.I. series.	Cruel Zinc Melodies	Garrett P.I.
series	``Vendetta for a Dead Man'' is the twenty fourth episode of the popular 1969 ITC British television series Randall and Hopkirk (Deceased) starring Mike Pratt, Kenneth Cope and Annette Andre.	Vendetta for a Dead Man	Randall and Hopkirk
series	``The Boys of Bummer'' is the eighteenth episode of The Simpsons' eighteenth season, which originally aired on April 29, 2007.	The Boys of Bummer	The Simpsons
series	The Peugeot 207 is a supermini car produced by the French automaker Peugeot from 2006 to 2012.	Peugeot 207	supermini
series	Polka-Dot Puss is a 1949 one-reel animated cartoon and is the 39th Tom and Jerry short produced in 1948 and released on February 26, 1949.	Polka-Dot Puss	Tom and Jerry
series	``The Deconstruction of Falling Stars'' is the final episode of the fourth season of the science-fiction television series Babylon 5.	The Deconstruction of Falling Stars	Babylon 5
series	``A Man Walks Into a Bar...'' is the 14th episode in the eighth season, and the 176th overall episode, of the American crime drama television series NCIS.	A Man Walks Into a Bar...	NCIS
series	Industrial Magic, the fourth in the Women of the Otherworld series, is a fantasy novel written by Canadian author Kelley Armstrong.	Industrial Magic	Women of the Otherworld
series	``Jaynestown'' is the seventh episode of the science fiction television series Firefly created by Joss Whedon.	Jaynestown	Firefly
series	``Journey to Where'' is the fifth episode of the second series of Space: 1999 (and the twenty-ninth overall episode of the programme).	Journey to Where	Space: 1999
series	Facing Fearful Odds is the twelfth episode of the fourth series of the period drama Upstairs, Downstairs.	Facing Fearful Odds	Upstairs, Downstairs
series	``Welcome to Swift and Shift'' is the first episode of the first season in the Swift and Shift Couriers Series.	Welcome to Swift and Shift	Swift and Shift Couriers
series	``The Wedding of River Song'' is the thirteenth and final episode in the sixth series of the British science fiction television series Doctor Who, and was first broadcast on BBC One on 1 October 2011.	The Wedding of River Song	Doctor Who
sport	Pretoria Heat is a basketball team in from Pretoria, Gauteng Province, South Africa.	Pretoria Heat	basketball
sport	The Sunnehanna Amateur, officially the Sunnehanna Amateur Tournament for Champions, is a men's amateur golf tournament.	Sunnehanna Amateur	golf
sport	Edwige Lawson (born May 14, 1979, in Rennes, Ille-et-Vilaine, Brittany), also Edwige Lawson-Wade, is a French professional women's basketball player.	Edwige Lawson-Wade	basketball
sport	KK Ulcinj (Cyrillic: КК Улцињ; Albanian: KB Ulqini) is a professional basketball club from the city of Ulcinj, Montenegro.	KK Ulcinj	basketball
sport	The Georgetown University Rugby Football Club is the intercollegiate men's rugby union team that represents Georgetown University in the USA Rugby league.	Georgetown University Rugby Football Club	rugby union
spouse	Mary Welsh Hemingway (April 5, 1908 -- November 26, 1986) was an American journalist and author, who was the fourth wife and widow of Ernest Hemingway.	Mary Welsh Hemingway	Ernest Hemingway
spouse	Clytemnestra, also spelled Clytaemnestra (pronounced /ˌklaɪtəmˈniːstrə/; Greek: Κλυταιμνήστρα, (klytai̯mnɛ̌ːstra)), in ancient Greek legend, was the wife of Agamemnon, ruler of the Ancient Greek kingdom of Mycenae or Argos.	Clytemnestra	Agamemnon
spouse	Nonia Celsa is the name given by the Historia Augusta to the wife of Roman Emperor Macrinus, who ruled briefly in 217--218.	Nonia Celsa	Macrinus
spouse	In 1935, Duncan Sandys married Diana Churchill, daughter of the future prime minister Winston Churchill.	Duncan Sandys	Diana Churchill
spouse	Mary Williamson Averell (July 22, 1851 -- November 7, 1932) was an American philanthropist and the wife of railroad executive E. H. Harriman.	Mary Williamson Averell	E. H. Harriman
taxon rank	Batrachiderpeton is an extinct genus of nectridean lepospondyl within the family Keraterpetontidae.	Batrachiderpeton	genus
taxon rank	Oreothlypis is a genus of New World warbler.	Oreothlypis	genus
taxon rank	Sporobolus vaginiflorus is a species of grass known by the common names poverty grass, poverty dropseed, and sheathed dropseed.	Sporobolus vaginiflorus	species
taxon rank	Abraliopsis morisii is a species of bioluminescent squid in the family Enoploteuthidae.	Abraliopsis morisii	species
taxon rank	Treeswifts or crested swifts are a family, Hemiprocnidae, of aerial near passerine birds, closely related to the true swifts.	Treeswift	family
