My Idea of Fun is the second novel by Will Self , and was published in 1993 .
Christopher Unborn ( Spanish : Cristóbal Nonato ) is the tenth novel by the Mexican author Carlos Fuentes .
Longest Day is an original novel by Michael Collier .
Palazzi di Genova is a 1622 book written and illustrated by Peter Paul Rubens , depicting and describing the palaces of Genoa , Italy in 72 plates .
The Council of Wyrms boxed set was designed by Bill Slavicsek , and published by TSR , Inc. In 1999 the setting was slightly revised and reprinted as a hardcover book .
`` A Positive '' is a 1998 horror short story by Kaaron Warren .
The Bolshevik Myth ( Diary 1920 - -1922 ) is a book by Alexander Berkman describing his experiences in Bolshevist Russia from 1920 to 1922 , where he saw the aftermath of the Russian Revolution of 1917 .
Fall Out Toy Works is an American comic book limited series , created by Pete Wentz of Fall Out Boy , Darren Romanelli , and Nathan Cabrera .
A Midsummer Tempest is an 1974 alternative history fantasy novel by Poul Anderson .
A Conversation is a play by Australian author David Williamson .
The Conscience of a Conservative is a 1960 book published under the name of Arizona Senator and 1964 Republican presidential candidate Barry Goldwater .
The Underland Chronicles is a critically acclaimed series of five epic fantasy novels by Suzanne Collins , first published between 2003 and 2007 .
De Bello Hispaniensi ( also Bellum Hispaniense ; On the Hispanic War ) is a Latin work continuing Julius Caesar 's commentaries , De Bello Gallico and De Bello Civili , and its sequels by two different unknown authors De Bello Alexandrino and De Bello Africo .
A Dangerous Path is a children 's fantasy novel , the fifth book in the Warriors series , written by Cherith Baldry and Kate Cary under the pseudonym of Erin Hunter .
The Kiss of the Octopus is the twenty - second novel of Patrick Grainville published in éditions du Seuil in 2010 .
Renegade of Kregen is a science fiction novel written by Kenneth Bulmer under the pseudonym of Alan Burt Akers , and is volume thirteen in his extensive Dray Prescot series of sword and planet novels , set on the fictional world of Kregen , a planet of the Antares star system in the constellation of Scorpio .
The Stratagem and other Stories is a small book of short stories written by Aleister Crowley ( 1875 - -1947 ) , occult magician , poet and self - proclaimed prophet of a new Æon .
The Case of Wagner ( German : Der Fall Wagner ) is a book by the philosopher Friedrich Nietzsche , originally published in 1888 .
The John Riddell Murder Case is a novel written by Corey Ford under the pseudonym of John Riddell .
Killing Yourself to Live : 85 % of a True Story is a work of non - fiction written by Chuck Klosterman , first published by Scribner in 2005 .
Opus 200 is Isaac Asimov 's joint two - hundredth book , along with his autobiography In Memory Yet Green ( both books were published on the same day , following his 199th book ) .
The Legion of Space is a science - fiction novel by the American writer Jack Williamson .
Homeroom Diaries is a realistic fiction novel by James Patterson aimed at teenagers .
Midnight Whispers is the fourth novel in the Cutler series , written in 1992 by the ghost - writer of V. C. Andrews novels , Andrew Neiderman .
The True Story of Ah Q is an episodic novella written by Lu Xun , first published as a serial between December 4 , 1921 and February 12 , 1922 .
Now , Now , Markus or , I Need a Bird is a children 's novel by Austrian author Martin Auer , first published in 1988 in German as Bimbo und sein Vogel .
Half a Lifelong Romance ( 半生緣 ) is a Chinese novel by Eileen Chang .
Dolores Claiborne is a 1992 psychological thriller novel by Stephen King .
`` A Short Guide to the City '' is a 1990 short story by American horror writer Peter Straub collected in Houses Without Doors .
Other Losses is a 1989 book by Canadian writer James Bacque , in which Bacque alleges that U.S. General Dwight Eisenhower intentionally caused the deaths by starvation or exposure of around a million German prisoners of war held in Western internment camps briefly after the Second World War .
Number the Stars ( 1989 ) is a work of historical fiction by American author Lois Lowry , about the escape of a Jewish family from Copenhagen during World War II . The story centers on ten - year - old Annemarie Johansen , who lives with her family in Copenhagen in 1943 .
The Misfortunes of Elphin is a novella by Thomas Love Peacock , his fifth long work of fiction , published in 1829 .
`` A Cabin on the Coast '' is a science fiction / fantasy short story by Gene Wolfe , initially published in the February 1984 issue of The Magazine of Fantasy & Science Fiction and collected in Endangered Species ( 1989 ) and The Best Of Gene Wolfe ( 2009 ) .
The Watsons is an unfinished novel by Jane Austen .
`` By His Bootstraps '' is a science fiction novella by Robert A. Heinlein that plays with some of the inherent paradoxes that would be caused by time travel .
Goodbye California is a novel by Scottish author Alistair MacLean , first published in 1977 .
M Is for Magic is a collection of child - friendly short fiction by Neil Gaiman .
The Great Mirror of Male Love ( 男色大鑑 Nanshoku Ōkagami ) , with the subtitle The Custom of Boy Love in Our Land ( 本朝若風俗 Honchō Waka Fūzoku ) is a collection of homosexuality stories by Ihara Saikaku , published in 1687 .
The 1984 autobiography by Julian Lloyd Webber , Travels with My Cello , covers his childhood through to travelling the world as a concert performer in the early 1980s .
The Lives of Flemish , German , and Dutch painters refers to a compilation of artist biographies by Jean - Baptiste Descamps published in the mid 18th - century that were accompanied by illustrations by Charles Eisen .
Vi är inte ensamma - en samling berättelser om våra osynliga hjälpare ( Swedish ) is a 1990 Swedish book about the occult , written by Norwegian - Swedish author Margit Sandemo .
Monsieur Pain is a short novel by Chilean author Roberto Bolaño ( 1953 - -2003 ) .
Praisesong for the Widow is a 1983 novel by Paule Marshall that takes place in the mid-1970s , chronicling the life of Avey Johnson , a 64-year - old African - American widow on a physical and emotional journey in the Caribbean island of Carriacou .
Disney purchased the film rights to the Matched trilogy on September 16 , 2010 , Ally Condie 's birthday , before the book had been released .
Faceless Killers ( Swedish : Mördare utan ansikte ) is a 1991 crime novel by the Swedish writer Henning Mankell , and the first in his acclaimed Wallander series .
Baruničina ljubav ( pronounced ( baruniʧina ʎubaʋ ) ) ( lit . `` Baroness '' love '' ) is a novel written by Croatian writer Ante Kovačić .
L'Aiglon is a play in six acts by Edmond Rostand based on the life of Napoleon II , who was the son of Emperor Napoleon I and his second wife , Empress Marie Louise .
Don Parties On , a play by David Williamson , premiered in Melbourne on January 8 , 2011 .
The Alleluia Files is a science fiction / fantasy novel by Sharon Shinn , published in 1999 .
Church Dogmatics ( German : Kirchliche Dogmatik ) is the fourteen - volume magnum opus of Swiss Protestant theologian Karl Barth , which was published in stages from 1932 to 1967 .
A Couple of Boys Have the Best Week Ever is children 's book written and illustrated by Marla Frazee and set in Malibu , CA .
Shakespeare Wrote for Money is a 2008 collection of English author Nick Hornby 's `` Stuff I 've Been Reading '' columns for The Believer .
Lady into Fox was David Garnett 's first novel under his own name , published in 1922 .
The Liberation Trilogy is a series of military history books about the United States ' involvement in World War II , written by American author Rick Atkinson and published by Henry Holt & Co. The first volume , An Army at Dawn , won the 2003 Pulitzer Prize for History and was a New York Times best seller .
Nightflyers is the title of a 1980 novella by George R. R. Martin , a 1985 short story collection by the same author that includes the novella , and a 1987 science fiction - horror film based on that novella .
The Day of the Pelican is a children 's novel by Katherine Paterson , first published by Clarion Books on October 19 , 2009 .
The Chinese Agent ( 1970 ) is a comic novel by Michael Moorcock .
The Idiot ( Russian : Идио́т , Idiot ) is a novel by the 19th - century Russian author Fyodor Dostoyevsky .
Patsy of Paradise Place , is a romantic fiction novel written by the English author Rosie Harris .
The Shadow over Innsmouth is a horror novella by H. P. Lovecraft , written in November--
Freddy and Fredericka is a satiric novel by Mark Helprin .
A single - volume concise edition , The Popular Handbook of British Birds was produced by Philip Hollom in 1952 .
First published in 1972 ( ISBN 0 - 380 - 01694-X ) , it includes all the short stories about Lord Peter written by Dorothy L. Sayers , most of which were published elsewhere soon after they were written , and some related writings .
`` The Three Hermits '' ( Russian : Три Старца ) is a short story by Russian author Leo Tolstoy ( Lev Nikolayevich Tolstoy ) written in 1885 and first published in 1886 in the weekly periodical Niva ( нива ) .
Argument About Basia ( Polish : Awantura o Basię ) is a Polish novel by Kornel Makuszyński , written in 1936 , but released one year later .
Anandi Gopal is a play written by Ram G. Joglekar ( 1924 - 2004 ) , based on the novel Anandi Gopal by Shrikrishna Janardan Joshi , on the life of Anandi Gopal Joshi .
Little Eyolf ( Lille Eyolf in the original Norwegian title ) is an 1894 play by Norwegian playwright Henrik Ibsen .
Amazon Adventure is a 1949 children 's novel by the Canadian - born American author Willard Price featuring his `` Adventure '' series characters , Hal and Roger Hunt .
The Silver Wolf is a novel by Alice Borchardt and published by Del Rey Books in 1993 .
Yaqui Delgado Wants to Kick Your Ass is a 2013 award - winning young adult book by Cuban - American author Meg Medina .
Cue for Treason ( 1940 ) is a children 's historical novel written by Geoffrey Trease , and is his best - known work .
The Mice Templar is an American comic book series created by Bryan J. L. Glass , and Michael Avon Oeming that is published by Image Comics .
Border , Breed nor Birth is a science - fiction novella by Dallas McCord `` Mack '' Reynolds .
The Archaeology of Death and Burial is an archaeological study by the English archaeologist Mike Parker Pearson , then a professor at the University of Sheffield .
A Stranger Came Ashore is a 1975 young adult novel written by Scottish author Mollie Hunter .
Nymphomation is a novel by British author Jeff Noon , first published in 1997 .
`` The Dream of Debs '' is a short story by American writer Jack London , first published in the International Socialist Review in January 1909 .
Daughters of the Moon is a novel series by Lynne Ewing .
Miss Betty is a romance novel by Bram Stoker , written in 1898 .
Om fjorten dage ( lit . In Fourteen Days ) is a 1983 short story collection by Danish author Peter Seeberg .
`` The Martian Way '' is a science fiction novella by Isaac Asimov .
Under Kilimanjaro is a non - fiction novel by Ernest Hemingway ( July 21 , 1899 -- July 2 , 1961 ) , edited and published posthumously by Robert W. Lewis and Robert E. Fleming .
The Romance of Leonardo da Vinci ( Russian : Воскресшие боги. Леонардо да Винчи , Resurrected Gods . Leonardo da Vinci , in literal translation ) is the second novel by Dmitry Merezhkovsky , first published in 1900 by Mir Bozhy magazine , then released as a separate edition 1901 .
A Darkling Plain is the fourth and final novel in the Mortal Engines Quartet series written by author Philip Reeve .
Extra(ordinary ) People is a 1984 collection of feminist science fiction stories by Joanna Russ .
Miss Rumphius is a picture book for children written and illustrated by Barbara Cooney and first published by Viking Books in 1982 .
Juoksuhaudantie is a 2004 novel by Finnish author Kari Hotakainen .
Skippy Dies is a 2010 tragicomic novel by Paul Murray .
The Language of the Genes ( HarperCollins , ISBN 0 - 00 - 255020 - 2 ) is a popular science book by Steve Jones about genetics and evolution .
`` The Minority Report '' is a 1956 science fiction short story by Philip K. Dick , first published in Fantastic Universe .
Summer Crossing is Truman Capote 's first novel , written during the 1940s .
To Fear a Painted Devil is a novel by British writer Ruth Rendell .
On the False Embassy ( Ancient Greek : Περὶ τῆς παραπρεσβείας ) is the name of two famous judicial orations , both delivered in 343 BC by the prominent Athenian statesmen and fierce opponents , Demosthenes and Aeschines .
More Die of Heartbreak is a 1987 novel by the American author Saul Bellow , and was his tenth novel .
The Iron Woman is the 1993 sequel to the popular Ted Hughes novel The Iron Man .
Captain Gault is a fictional sea captain created by English writer William Hope Hodgson .
The Emperor 's Snuff - Box is a non - series mystery novel ( 1942 ) by mystery novelist John Dickson Carr .
Le Jour où Beaumont fit connaissance avec sa douleur is a novella written in French by French Nobel laureate writer J. M. G. Le Clézio .
The Templar Salvation is a 2010 novel by Raymond Khoury , and sequel to his debut work The Last Templar .
The Four - Headed Dragon is the 69th title of the Hardy Boys series , written by Franklin W. Dixon .
The Bafut Beagles by British naturalist Gerald Durrell tells the story of Durrell 's collecting expedition to the Cameroons , made in 1949 , with Kenneth Smith .
Sonnet 131 is a sonnet written by William Shakespeare and was first published in a 1609 quarto edition titled Shakespeare 's sonnets .
The Hunger Angel ( German : Atemschaukel ; 2009 ) is a 304-page prose poem by Herta Müller .
Good - bye , My Lady is a novel by James H. Street about a boy and his dog .
De Medicina is a 1st - century medical treatise by Aulus Cornelius Celsus , a Roman encyclopedist and possibly ( but not likely ) a practicing physician .
Royal Exile is the first novel in the Valisar trilogy , by Australian fantasy author Fiona McIntosh .
The Homeward Bounders is a fantasy novel by Diana Wynne Jones with the chilling premise that there is a vast series of parallel universes , all of which serve as the game - boards for a race of demons that delight in war - games and fantasy - games .
Executive Order 11063 was signed by President John F. Kennedy on November 20 , 1962 .
Livets ax ( lit . Ear of Life ) is a 1991 novel by Swedish author Sven Delblanc .
Peace Breaks Out ( 1981 ) is a novel by American author John Knowles , better known for A Separate Peace ( 1959 ) .
Tatja Grimm 's World is a 1987 science fiction novel by American author Vernor Vinge .
In the 1970s Peake 's widow , Maeve Gilmore , wrote a version of Titus Awakes to which she gave the title Search Without End .
Family Under the Bridge is a seasonal young adult novel written by Natalie Savage Carlson about a Parisian named Armand who befriends some children and has adventures in Paris during the Christmas season .
Patriot Reign is a best - selling book by Boston Globe / New York Times sports writer Michael Holley resulting from two years he was given unprecedented access to the inner sanctums of the world champion New England Patriots football operations , as they worked to turn a season of good luck into a legitimate contender of a team .
Echoes in the Darkness is the title of a 1987 book by crime writer Joseph Wambaugh which also became a made - for - TV movie the same year .
Eating the Dinosaur is the sixth book written by Chuck Klosterman , first published by Scribner in 2009 .
L'Oblat ( The Oblate ) is the last novel by the French writer Joris - Karl Huysmans , first published in 1903 .
The Finkler Question is a 2010 novel written by British author Howard Jacobson .
The Different Forms of Flowers on Plants of the Same Species is a book by Charles Darwin first published in 1877 .
Whompyjawed is the debut novel by American author Mitch Cullin .
Tales of a Long Night ( German : Hamlet oder Die lange Nacht nimmt ein Ende ) ( 1956 ) is the last novel of German author Alfred Döblin .
The Prague Orgy ( 1985 ) is a novella by Philip Roth .
Something Happened is Joseph Heller 's second novel ( published in 1974 , thirteen years after Catch-22 ) .
An Englishwoman 's Love - letters is a 1900 novel by Laurence Housman , initially published anonymously .
The Odyssey ( /ˈɒdəsi/ ; Greek : Ὀδύσσεια Odýsseia , pronounced ( o.dýs.sej.ja ) in Classical Attic ) is one of two major ancient Greek epic poems attributed to Homer .
The Chymical Wedding is a 1989 novel by Lindsay Clarke about the intertwined lives of six people in two different eras .
The Lay of Aotrou and Itroun is a poem of 508 lines , written by J. R. R. Tolkien in 1930 and published in Welsh Review in December , 1945 .
Independent People ( Icelandic : Sjálfstætt fólk ) is an epic novel by Nobel laureate Halldór Laxness , originally published in two volumes in 1934 and 1935 ; literally the title means `` Self - standing ( i.e. self - reliant ) folk '' .
Two Fates ( Dve Sudby ) is a poem by Apollon Maykov , first published in 1845 in Saint Petersburg , as a separate edition , under the title `` Two Fates .
Dreams and Fancies is a collection of letters and fantasy , horror and science fiction short stories by American author H. P. Lovecraft .
The Black Cherry Bombshells is a webcomic from DC imprint Zuda Comics , created by Johnny Zito and Tony Trov , illustrated by Sacha Borisich and colors by John Dallaire .
False Mirrors ( Russian : Фальшивые зеркала ) is the second novel in the Labyrinth trilogy of cyberpunk novels written by Russian science fiction writer Sergey Lukyanenko .
`` The Little Black Bag '' is a short story by science fiction author Cyril M. Kornbluth , first published in the July 1950 edition of Astounding Science Fiction .
Let Us Now Praise Famous Men is a book with text by American writer James Agee and photographs by American photographer Walker Evans , first published in 1941 in the United States .
Pedagogy of the Oppressed ( Portuguese : Pedagogia do Oprimido ) , written by educator Paulo Freire , proposes a pedagogy with a new relationship between teacher , student , and society .
The Mockery Bird is a humorous novel by Gerald Durrell , published in 1981 by William Collins , Sons and Co Ltd. The book , like the other works of the author , contains a strong environmental message .
Diego et Frida is a biography of Mexican painters Diego Rivera and Frida Kahlo by French Nobel laureate J. M. G. Le Clézio .
The Curious Room ( ISBN 0 - 09 - 958621 - 5 ) is a book collecting various plays and scripts by Angela Carter .
Green Grass , Running Water is a 1993 novel by Thomas King , a writer of Cherokee and Greek / German - American descent , and United States and Canadian dual citizenship .
In Watermelon Sugar is a novel written by Richard Brautigan and published in 1968 .
Ripley Bogle is the debut novel of Northern Irish author Robert McLiam Wilson , published in 1989 in the UK although not until 1998 in the US .
The Twelfth Card is the sixth Lincoln Rhyme mystery novel by Jeffery Deaver .
Beasts and Super - Beasts is a collection of short stories , written by Saki ( the literary pseudonym of Hector Hugh Munro ) and first published in 1914 .
The Effects of Cross and Self Fertilisation in the Vegetable Kingdom is a book on evolution in plants by Charles Darwin , first published in 1876 .
The Killer Angels ( 1974 ) is a historical novel by Michael Shaara that was awarded the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction in 1975 .
Falconer 's Lure is a 1957 falconry - based novel by Antonia Forest .
The Partner ( 1997 ) is a legal / thriller novel by noted American author John Grisham .
Deeply Odd ( 2013 ) is the sixth thriller novel in the Odd Thomas series by American writer Dean Koontz .
The Satanic Bible is a collection of essays , observations , and rituals published by Anton LaVey in 1969 .
The Map and the Territory ( French : La carte et le territoire , French pronunciation : ​(la kaʁt e lə tɛʁitwaʁ ) ) is a novel by French author Michel Houellebecq .
Titus Awakes is the editorial title applied to a novel being planned by Mervyn Peake at the time he became too ill to write , about 1960 .
House of Odd is the third graphic novel featuring Dean Koontz 's character Odd Thomas .
Sentenced to Prism ( 1985 ) is a science fiction novel written by Alan Dean Foster , and is a stand - alone entry in his Humanx Commonwealth series of books .
The Fatwa on Terrorism and Suicide Bombings is a 600-page ( Urdu version ) , 512-page ( English version ) Islamic decree by scholar Muhammad Tahir - ul - Qadri which demonstrates from the Quran and Sunnah that terrorism and suicide bombings are unjust and evil , and thus un - Islamic .
The Book of Faith ( Arabic : Kitab al Iman , كتاب الإيمان ) is a book on the Islamic articles of faith written by the 13th century Sunni Islamic scholar Ibn Taymiyyah .
The Moon Is a Harsh Mistress is a 1966 science fiction novel by American writer Robert A. Heinlein , about a Lunar colony 's revolt against rule from Earth .
Barefoot in the Park is a romantic comedy by Neil Simon .
Nordlands Trompet is a tributary poem by Norwegian priest and poet Petter Dass , praising the nature and people of Nordland .
The Metabarons series was written by creator Alejandro Jodorowsky and illustrated by Argentinian artist Juan Giménez .
`` Winter Dreams '' is a short story by F. Scott Fitzgerald that first appeared in Metropolitan Magazine in December 1922 , and was collected in All the Sad Young Men in 1926 .
Kir Ianulea or Kyr Ianulea ( Romanian pronunciation : ( kir jaˈnule̯a ) ) is a fantasy and historical fiction novella or short story , published by Romanian author Ion Luca Caragiale in 1909 .
The Empress 's Tomb ( 2007 ) is a young adult novel by Kirsten Miller , the second in the Kiki Strike series .
Venmurasu ( Tamil : வெண்முரசு ) is a Tamil novel by writer Jeyamohan .
That Printer of Udell 's is a 1903 work of fiction by Harold Bell Wright .
Fox Tales is a 1976 anthology of 16 animal - centered fairy tales from around the world that have been collected and retold by Ruth Manning - Sanders .
Red Indian Folk and Fairy Tales is a 1960 anthology of 19 fairy tales from North American Indian culture that have been collected and retold by Ruth Manning - Sanders .
For Anatole 's Tomb ( French : Pour un tombeau d'Anatole ) is an unfinished poem by the French writer Stéphane Mallarmé .
The Unifying Force is the nineteenth and final installment of the New Jedi Order series of books in the fictional Star Wars expanded universe written by James Luceno .
The Straight Mind and Other Essays is a ( 1992 ) collection of essays by Monique Wittig .
The Concubine 's Secret , as known as The Girl from Junchow in USA , is a 2009 novel by Kate Furnivall ; it is the sequel to The Russian Concubine .
The Lady of Lyons ; or , Love and Pride , commonly known as The Lady of Lyons , is a five act romantic melodrama written in 1838 by Edward Bulwer - Lytton , 1st Baron Lytton .
Thud ! is Terry Pratchett 's 34th Discworld novel , released in the United States of America on September 13 , 2005 , the United Kingdom on 1 October 2005 .
Anna and the French Kiss is the 2010 debut novel of Stephanie Perkins .
The Winner Stands Alone is a novel by Paulo Coelho first published in 2008 .
Heauton Timorumenos ( The Self - Tormentor ) is a play written by Publius Terentius Afer , known in English as `` Terence '' , a dramatist of the Roman Republic .
The Logic of Scientific Discovery ( German : Logik der Forschung . Zur Erkenntnistheorie der modernen Naturwissenschaft ) is a 1934 book about the philosophy of science by Karl Popper .
Song Reader is a book of sheet music by American alternative music artist Beck released on December 11 , 2012 .
Jim the Boy is a coming - of - age novel by Tony Earley , published by Little , Brown and Co. in 2000 .
Ett annat liv ( lit . A Different Life ) is a 2008 novel by Swedish author Per Olov Enquist .
Anës lumejve ( English : On the river side ) is a poem in the Albanian language by Fan S. Noli , in which the history of Albania is described .
Countdown City is a 2013 American soft science fiction mystery novel by Ben H. Winters .
Chinese Cinderella and the Secret Dragon Society is a historical novel by Adeline Yen Mah , published in 2004 .
Noureddin , Son of Iran ( Persian : نورالدین پسر ایران‎ ) is the memoirs of Sayyid Noureddin Afi from the 80 months of his participation in the Iran--
So Long a Letter ( translated from Une si longue lettre ) is a semi - autobiographical epistolary novel originally written in French by the Senegalese writer Mariama Bâ .
The Genie of Sutton Place is a 1973 supernatural young adult novel by George Selden , who was most famous for The Cricket in Times Square .
Tris 's Book , a fantasy novel by Tamora Pierce , tells the story of four young mages as they battle pirates and become closer than ever .
Children of Their City ( Swedish : Barn av sin stad ) is a 1962 novel by Swedish author Per Anders Fogelström .
Krishnamurti 's Journal is a diary of Jiddu Krishnamurti ( 1895 - -1986 ) .
The Dark Rival by Jude Watson is the second in a series of young reader novels called Jedi Apprentice , and the first by Jude Watson .
Barfüßiger Februar ( `` Barefoot February '' ) is a book by Nobel Prize - winning author Herta Müller .
The Wonderful Adventures of Nils ( orig . Nils Holgerssons underbara resa genom Sverige , Nils Holgersson 's wonderful journey across Sweden ) is a work of fiction by the Swedish author Selma Lagerlöf .
The Judas Boy is Volume V of the novel sequence Alms for Oblivion by Simon Raven , published in 1968 .
Masud Rana is a fictional character created in 1966 by writer Qazi Anwar Hussain , who featured him in over 400 novels .
The Third Twin is a techno - thriller by the British writer Ken Follett and published by Random House publications in 1996 .
Milton Friedman 's book Essays in Positive Economics ( 1953 ) is a collection of earlier articles by the author with as its lead an original essay `` The Methodology of Positive Economics , '' on which this article focuses .
Lord Weary 's Castle , Robert Lowell 's second book of poetry , won the Pulitzer Prize for Poetry in 1947 when Lowell was only thirty .
The Wolf Leader is an English translation by Alfred Allinson of Le Meneur de loups , an 1857 fantasy novel by Alexandre Dumas .
The Bones of Zora is a science fiction novel written by L. Sprague de Camp and Catherine Crook de Camp , the ninth book of the former 's Viagens Interplanetarias series and the seventh of its subseries of stories set on the fictional planet Krishna .
Company K is a 1933 novel by William March , first serialised in parts in the New York magazine The Forum from 1930 to 1932 , and published in its entirety by Smith and Haas on 19 January 1933 , in New York .
Enna Burning is a fantasy novel by Shannon Hale , and the second book in the Books of Bayern series .
The Codex Leicester ( also briefly known as Codex Hammer ) is a collection of largely scientific writings by Leonardo da Vinci .
The Last Place God Made Is a novel written by British novelist Jack Higgins , published in 1971 .
Leaves from the Inn of the Last Home was edited by Margaret Weis and Tracy Hickman , and first published by TSR , Inc. in 1987 .
Fattiga riddare och stora svenskar ( lit . Poor Knights and Great Swedes ) is the fifth novel by Swedish author Klas Östergren .
The Litigators is a 2011 legal thriller novel by John Grisham , his 25th fiction novel overall .
Mommywood is a 2009 book by Tori Spelling , released on April 14 , 2009 .
In his 2007 book On Nuclear Terrorism , author Michael A. Levi surveys the issue of nuclear terrorism and explores the decisions a terrorist leader might take in pursuing a nuclear plot .
Marigolds in August is a play by South Africa 's Athol Fugard .
`` The Lost Special '' is a short story by Arthur Conan Doyle first published as part of the Round the Fire series in The Strand Magazine of August 1898 .
Buchmendel is a 1929 short story by the Austrian writer Stefan Zweig .
Beyond the City ( 1892 ) is a novel by the Scottish author Sir Arthur Conan Doyle .
Data Smog is a 1997 book by journalist David Shenk and published by Harper Collins .
The Magic Mountain ( German : Der Zauberberg ) is a novel by Thomas Mann , first published in November 1924 .
The Faraway Tree is a series of popular novels for children by British author Enid Blyton .
Frankensteins of Fraud is a book written by Joseph T. Wells , founder of the Association of Certified Fraud Examiners .
The Songs of Distant Earth is a 1986 science fiction novel by Arthur C. Clarke based upon his 1958 short story of the same title .
Dance of the Happy Shades ( ISBN 0 - 099 - 27377 - 2 ) is a book of short stories by Alice Munro , published by Ryerson Press in 1968 .
Acorna 's Quest ( 1998 ) is a fantasy or science fiction novel by Anne McCaffrey and Margaret Ball .
Wideacre is a 1987 historical novel by Philippa Gregory .
This Boy 's Life is a memoir by American author Tobias Wolff first published in 1989 .
`` The Walrus and the Carpenter '' is a narrative poem by Lewis Carroll that appeared in his book Through the Looking - Glass , published in December 1871 .
The Man with the Getaway Face ( 1963 ) is a crime thriller novel , written by Donald E. Westlake under the pseudonym Richard Stark .
Unleavened Bread is a 1900 novel by American writer Robert Grant , and one of the best selling books of that year .
`` A Mother '' is a short story by James Joyce published in his 1914 collection Dubliners .
The Tigers of Mompracem ( original title : Le Tigri di Mompracem ) is an exotic adventure novel written by Italian author Emilio Salgari , published in 1900 .
In Search of a Concrete Music ( French : À la recherche d'une musique concrète ) , written and published in 1952 , is a French language publication which forms a major part of the experimental composer and theoretician Pierre Schaeffer 's collection of works written to record his own undertakings on the development of musique concrète .
The Year of Billy Miller , a 2014 children 's book written by Kevin Henkes , was a Newbery Honor book in 2014 .
Teseida ( full title : Teseida delle Nozze d’Emilia , or The Theseid , Concerning the Nuptials of Emily ) is a long epic poem written by Giovanni Boccaccio c.1340 - -41 .
Dynasty of Death was the debut novel of the Anglo - American writer Taylor Caldwell ( 1900 - -1985 ) .
The Second Summer of the Sisterhood is a novel written in 2003 by author Ann Brashares .
The Galactic Center Saga is a series of books by author Gregory Benford detailing a galactic war between mechanical and biological life .
The Algiers Motel Incident is a 1968 true crime book by John Hersey .
The Anti - Capitalistic Mentality is a book written by Austrian School economist and libertarian thinker Ludwig von Mises .
Linguistic Imperialism is a book written by Robert Phillipson , research professor at Copenhagen Business School 's Department of English , published in 1992 by Oxford University Press .
On Horsemanship is the English title usually given to Περὶ ἱππικῆς , peri hippikēs , one of the two treatises on horsemanship by the Athenian historian and soldier Xenophon ( c. 430 -- 354 BC ) .
Piet Fluwijn en Bolleke was a Belgian gag - a - day comic strip series drawn by Marc Sleen from 1944 until 1965 .
The Dark Elf Trilogy is a prequel to the Icewind Dale Trilogy by R. A. Salvatore .
The Courtney Novels are a series of thirteen novels published between 1964 and 2009 by Wilbur Smith .
Where were you last Pluterday ? is a science fiction novel by Paul van Herck , originally released in Dutch in 1968 as Sam , of de Pluterdag by J.M. Meulenhoff ( in their science fiction and fantasy range M = SF as the 14th book of the range ) and released in English by DAW books in 1973 .
Pandemia is a 2006 post - apocalyptic teen novel written by American author Johnathan Rand ( a pseudonym of Christopher Wright ) .
Quasars , Redshifts and Controversies is a 1987 book by Halton Arp , an astronomer famous for his Atlas of Peculiar Galaxies ( 1966 ) .
The Queen of the Damned ( 1988 ) is the third novel of Anne Rice 's The Vampire Chronicles series .
The Return of the Black Widowers is a collection of short mystery stories by Isaac Asimov featuring his fictional club of mystery solvers , the Black Widowers .
The Art of Being Right : 38 Ways to Win an Argument ( Eristische Dialektik : Die Kunst , Recht zu behalten ; 1831 ) is an acidulous and sarcastic treatise written by the German philosopher Arthur Schopenhauer in sarcastic deadpan .
Hadrian the Seventh ( also known as `` Hadrian VII '' ) is a 1904 novel by the English novelist Frederick Rolfe , who wrote under the pseudonym `` Baron Corvo '' .
The Life and Work of Sigmund Freud is a biography of Sigmund Freud by Ernest Jones .
The Invasion of 1910 is a 1906 novel written mainly by William Le Queux ( along with H. W. Wilson providing the naval chapters ) .
Yonie Wondernose is a 1944 picture book by Marguerite de Angeli , who would later win the Newbery Medal for The Door in the Wall .
The Fifth Son of the Shoemaker is a book by Donald Corley , illustrated by the author .
Nebula Maker is a science fiction novel by Olaf Stapledon , published posthumously by Bran 's Head Books in 1976 .
I 'll Be The Devil is a play by Leo Butler that was commissioned by the Royal Shakespeare Company and written in response to The Tempest by William Shakespeare .
XPD is a spy novel by Len Deighton , published in 1981 , and set in 1979 , roughly contemporaneous with the time it was written .
The Outlaw 's Silver is the title of a Hardy Boys Digest novel , written by Franklin W. Dixon .
The Coelbren y Beirdd ( English : `` Bards ' alphabet '' ) is a runic alphabet system created in the late eighteenth century by the literary forger Edward Williams , best known as Iolo Morganwg .
Chinese Shadows is a book written by Simon Leys , which is the pseudonym for Belgian Sinologist Pierre Ryckmans .
The Wanting Seed is a dystopian novel by the English author Anthony Burgess , written in 1962 .
While I Was Gone is the 1999 novel by Sue Miller , and was chosen as an Oprah 's Book Club selection in May 2000 .
Sister of the Bride is a 1963 young adult novel by Beverly Cleary .
The Fuller Memorandum is the third novel by Charles Stross in his `` Laundry '' series of Lovecraftian spy thrillers .
Agatha Raisin and the Deadly Dance is the fifteenth Agatha Raisin mystery novel by Marion Chesney under her pseudonym M. C. Beaton .
The Mist is a horror novella by the American author Stephen King , in which the small town of Bridgton , Maine is suddenly enveloped in an unnatural mist that conceals otherworldly monsters .
The Fortified House in Scotland is a five - volume book by the Scottish author Nigel Tranter .
Dilvish , the Damned is a collection of fantasy stories by American writer Roger Zelazny , first published in 1982 .
Intrigue and Love , sometimes Love and Intrigue , Love and Politics or Luise Miller ( German : Kabale und Liebe , literally `` Cabal and Love '' ) is a five - act play , written by the German dramatist Friedrich Schiller ( 1759 - -1805 ) .
Wildsiderz is a comic book series created by J. Scott Campbell and Andy Hartnell , and published by Wildstorm Productions .
The Coldfire Trilogy is a science fiction / fantasy trilogy written by Celia S. Friedman .
Power of Faerûn was written by Ed Greenwood and Eric L. Boyd , and published in March 2006 .
Beggars in Spain is a 1993 science fiction novel by Nancy Kress .
All the Earth , Thrown to the Sky is a young adult fiction novel written by American author Joe R. Lansdale .
Marx the First is a 1973 novel by Scottish writer Bruce Marshall .
Merlin 's Ring is a fantasy novel by H. Warner Munn , the third in a series of three based on Arthurian legend .
All the Wrong Questions is a four - part young adult series and prequel to A Series of Unfortunate Events by Lemony Snicket ( pen name of American author Daniel Handler ) .
Fantastic Four : 1234 is a four - issue comic book limited series featuring the Fantastic Four , written by Grant Morrison and illustrated by Jae Lee and published by Marvel Comics under the Marvel Knights imprint .
The Water - Babies , A Fairy Tale for a Land Baby is a children 's novel by the Reverend Charles Kingsley .
Scorpion Mountain is the fifth instalment in the Brotherband novel series by Australian author John Flanagan .
North of Boston is a 1914 poetry collection by Robert Frost .
Complete Divine was written by David Noonan , and was published in May 2004 .
Seven Days to a Killing is a British spy novel by Clive Egleton , published in 1973 .
Under the Sun of Satan ( French : Sous le soleil de Satan ) was the first novel published by Georges Bernanos .
Ocean Under the Ice is a science fiction novel by Robert L. Forward , collaborating with his wife , Martha Dodson Forward .
The Road of Azrael is a collection of historical short stories by Robert E. Howard .
The Theory of Communicative Action ( German : Theorie des kommunikativen Handelns ) is a 1981 book by Jürgen Habermas , in which he continues his project set out in On the Logic of the Social Sciences of finding a way to ground `` the social sciences in a theory of language . ''
Systematics and the Origin of Species from the Viewpoint of a Zoologist is a book written by zoologist and evolutionary biologist Ernst Mayr that was first published in 1942 by Columbia University Press .
Vampirates is a series of books by British author Justin Somper , about a set of twin children , Connor and Grace Tempest , who get separated at sea and are picked up by two very different ships .
My Lady Ludlow is a novel ( over 77,000 words in the Project Gutenberg text ) by Elizabeth Gaskell .
Maskeblomstfamilien is a novel by the Norwegian author Lars Saabye Christensen .
The History of The Lord of the Rings is a 4-volume work by Christopher Tolkien that documents the process of J. R. R. Tolkien 's writing of The Lord of the Rings .
Bone Quill is the sequel to Hollow Earth from sibling writing pair John Barrowman and Carole Barrowman , published in February 2013 .
Little Nellie 007 ( ISBN 978 - 0 - 907595 - 75 - 5 ) ( 1991 ) is a book by Bruce Barrymore Halpenny about the James Bond autogyro , Little Nellie as featured in the film You Only Live Twice and her `` father '' , Wing Commander Retd .
`` The Evil Clergyman '' is an excerpt from a letter written by American horror fiction writer H. P. Lovecraft in 1933 .
Arms and the Man is a comedy by George Bernard Shaw , whose title comes from the opening words of Virgil 's Aeneid , in Latin :
Pelle Svanslös ( English : Peter - No - Tail ) is a fictional anthropomorphic cat created by the Swedish author Gösta Knutsson and a children 's book series about him .
Fahrenheit 451 is a dystopian novel by Ray Bradbury published in 1953 .
Dona Flor and Her Two Husbands ( Portuguese : Dona Flor e Seus Dois Maridos ) is a Brazilian novel , written by Jorge Amado in 1966 and published in English in 1969 .
Beyond Black is a 2005 novel by English writer Hilary Mantel .
Miss Sara Sampson ( Miß Sara Sampson ) is a play by the Enlightenment philosopher , Gotthold Ephraim Lessing .
The Island of Doctor Death and Other Stories and Other Stories is a short story collection by American science fiction author Gene Wolfe .
Doglands ( 2011 ) is a children 's fantasy novel written by Tim Willocks .
The Costello Memoirs is a collection of writings by Australian politician and long - standing treasurer and deputy Liberal leader Peter Costello and co - authored by former New South Wales Liberal Leader and Costello 's father - in - law , Peter Coleman .
The Case of Charles Dexter Ward is a short novel ( 51,500 words ) by H. P. Lovecraft , written in early 1927 , but not published during the author 's lifetime .
The Chancellor Manuscript is a 1977 novel , by American writer Robert Ludlum , about the `` alleged '' secret files of J. Edgar Hoover and how they disappeared after his death , and how they possibly could be used to force people in high places to do the bidding of those who possessed the secrets contained therein .
Bartholomew and the Oobleck is a 1949 book by Dr. Seuss ( Theodor Geisel ) .
Cradock Nowell : a tale of the New Forest is a three - volume novel by R. D. Blackmore published in 1866 .
Dragonmarked was written by Keith Baker , C.A. Suleiman , and Michelle Lyons , and published in November 2006 .
The Haunted Pampero is a collection of fantasy and other short stories by William Hope Hodgson .
Winston 's War is a 2003 novel by Michael Dobbs that presents a fictional account of the struggle of Winston Churchill to combat the appeasement policies of Prime Minister Neville Chamberlain .
The Phantom Tollbooth is a children 's adventure novel and modern fairy tale by Norton Juster .
Fucking A is a play written by American playwright Suzan - Lori Parks .
News from Nowhere ( 1890 ) is a classic work combining utopian socialism and soft science fiction written by the artist , designer and socialist pioneer William Morris .
The Story of Mr Sommer is a novella by the German writer Patrick Süskind .
Fortunata y Jacinta ( Fortunata and Jacinta ) , was written by Benito Pérez Galdós in 1887 .
A Tangled Tale is a collection of 10 brief humorous stories by Lewis Carroll ( Charles Lutwidge Dodgson ) , published serially between April 1880 and March 1885 in The Monthly Packet magazine .
Letter to My Daughter ( 2009 ) is the third book of essays by African - American writer and poet Maya Angelou .
The Aquariums of Pyongyang , by Kang Chol - hwan and Pierre Rigoulot , is an account of the imprisonment of Kang Chol - Hwan and his family in the Yodok concentration camp in North Korea .
Red as Blood , or Tales from the Sisters Grimmer is a short story collection of dark fantasy retellings of popular fairytales by British author Tanith Lee .
Cerebus (; also Cerebus the Aardvark ) is a comic book series created by Canadian cartoonist Dave Sim , which ran from December 1977 until March 2004 .
Small Moral Works ( Italian : Operette morali ) is a collection of dialogues and fictional essays by italian poet and philosopher Giacomo Leopardi , written between 1824 and 1832 .
Smoky the Cowhorse is a novel by Will James that was the winner of the 1927 Newbery Medal .
The Faithful River was a 1912 novel written in Paris by Polish writer Stefan Żeromski .
The Nonexistent Knight ( Italian : Il cavaliere inesistente ) is an allegorical fantasy novel by Italo Calvino , first published in Italian 1959 and in English translation in 1962 .
Arlequin roi de Serendib is a three - act farce by Alain - René Lesage .
`` Old Man in New World '' is a short story by Olaf Stapledon , published as a separate volume by George Allen and Unwin in 1944 .
Crito ( /ˈkraɪtoʊ/ KRY - toh or /ˈkriːtoʊ/ KREE - toh ; Ancient Greek : Κρίτων ( krítɔːn ) ) is a dialogue by the ancient Greek philosopher Plato .
Thaddeus of Warsaw was an 1803 novel written by Jane Porter .
Genera Plantarum is a publication of Swedish naturalist Carl Linnaeus ( 1701 - -1778 ) .
Genetiks is a French 3 issues comics created by Richard Marazano and Jean - Michel Ponzio .
The Extended Phenotype is a 1982 book by Richard Dawkins in which he introduced a biological concept of the same name .
Luca 's Secret ( Italian : Il Segreto di Luca ) is a 1956 romance novel by Ignazio Silone .
A Pack of Liars is a children fiction novel by Anne Fine .
Stalin 's Ghost is a crime novel by Martin Cruz Smith set in Russia circa 2005 .
Thank You , Fog : last poems by W. H. Auden is a posthumous book of poems by W. H. Auden , published in 1974 .
To Kill a Child ( Swedish : Att döda ett barn ) is a short story by Stig Dagerman .
The Most Beautiful Woman in Town & Other Stories is a collection of anecdotal short stories by American author Charles Bukowski .
A Moveable Feast is a memoir by American author Ernest Hemingway about his years as a struggling , young , expatriate journalist and writer in Paris in the 1920s .
Five on a Treasure Island ( published in 1942 ) is a popular children 's book by Enid Blyton .
Freddy and the Ignormus ( 1941 ) is the 8th book in the humorous children 's series Freddy the Pig by author Walter R. Brooks and illustrator Kurt Wiese .
The Paul Street Boys ( Hungarian : A Pál utcai fiúk ) is a youth novel by the Hungarian writer Ferenc Molnár , first published in 1906 .
The Book of Urizen is one of the major prophetic books of the English writer William Blake , illustrated by Blake 's own plates .
The Pump House Gang is a 1968 collection of essays and journalism by Tom Wolfe .
Five on a Hike Together is the tenth novel in the Famous Five series by Enid Blyton .
An Autobiography or The Story of my Experiments with Truth , full text Read online The Story of My Experiments with Truth - Gandhi Heritage Portal Buy Mahatma Gandhi Autobiography
The Crusades Through Arab Eyes ( French : Les Croisades vues par les Arabes ) is a French language historical essay by Lebanese author Amin Maalouf .
The Orcs of Thar is an accessory for the Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role - playing game , written by Bruce Heard and published by TSR in 1988 .
The Taking is a 2004 novel written by Dean Koontz .
History of the Iranian Constitutional Revolution ( Persian : تاریخ مشروطهٔ ایران‎‎ ) by the Iranian historian Ahmad Kasravi is the most accurate account of the Persian Constitutional Revolution .
At Any Cost ? is a play by Australian playwright David Williamson .
Ham Hindu Nahin ( Punjabi : ਹਮ ਹਿੰਦੂ ਨਹੀਂ ; Translation : We are not Hindus ) , also spelled as Hum Hindu Nahin , is a 19th - century Punjabi book by Kahn Singh Nabha , on the distinction of the Sikhism and identity .
In June 2011 , Vicky Bullett was inducted into the Women 's Basketball Hall of Fame in Knoxville , Tennessee along with Ruthie Bolton , Muffett McGraw , Val Ackerman , Pearl Moore , and Lometa Odem .
In 2004 , Lia van Leer was awarded the Israel Prize for her lifetime achievement & special contribution to society and the State of Israel .
Ekaterina Kovalevskaya ( Russian : Екатерина Ковалевская ; born 17 April 1974 in Rostov - on - Don ) is a Russian chess player with the FIDE titles of International Master ( IM ) and Woman Grandmaster ( WGM ) .
Henry Miles , FRS ( 2 Jun 1698 -- 10 Feb 1763 ) was an English Dissenting minister and scientific writer ; a Fellow of the Royal Society known for experiments on electricity .
Herrmann Gustav Karl Max von Fabeck ( 6 May 1854 - † 16 December 1916 ) was a Prussian military officer and a German General der Infantarie during World War I. A competent and highly decorated commander , von Fabeck is a recipient of the Pour le Mérite , Prussia 's and Germany 's highest military honor .
Max Stotz ( born 13 February 1912 in Mannswörth , Lower Austria , MIA 19 August 1943 near Vitebsk ) was a German former Luftwaffe flying ace and recipient of the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves ( German : Ritterkreuz des Eisernen Kreuzes mit Eichenlaub ) .
Nino Maisuradze ( Georgian : ნინო მაისურაძე ) , is a Woman Grandmaster chess player and two - time French Women 's Chess Champion .
Edward Alexander Walker ( October 2 , 1864 -- October 24 , 1946 ) was a Sergeant serving in the United States Marine Corps during the Boxer Rebellion who received the Medal of Honor for bravery .
Igor Zugic ( 23 December 1981 ) , is a Canadian International Master of chess who was the 2006 Canadian Champion .
Thomas A. Pope ( December 15 , 1894 -- June 14 , 1989 ) was a soldier in the United States Army who received the Medal of Honor for his actions in the Battle of Hamel during World War I. For this action , he was also awarded the Distinguished Conduct Medal by King George V.
Adolf Ax ( 23 June 1906 , Mouscron -- 6 February 1983 ) was a German SS - Oberführer ( Senior Colonel / Brigadier General ) , who was decorated with Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross ( German : Ritterkreuz des Eisernen Kreuzes ) .
Christian Bauer ( born 11 January 1977 in Forbach , Moselle ) is a French chess Grandmaster and author .
Rusudan Goletiani ( Georgian : რუსუდან გოლეთიანი ; born September 8 , 1980 in Sukhumi ) is a Georgian - American chess player who holds the FIDE titles of International Master ( IM ) and Woman Grandmaster ( WGM ) .
John - Paul Wallace ( born 19 November 1976 in Liverpool , New South Wales ) is a professional chess player awarded the title of International Master in 1996 by FIDE ( World Chess Federation ) .
In 1973 , the Pinkas HaKehillot ( Encyclopedia of Jewish Communities ) project of Yad Vashem was awarded the Israel Prize , for its special contribution to society and the State .
In the 2006 New Year Honours List , Ian Bell was appointed Member of the Order of the British Empire for his role in the successful Ashes campaign of 2005 .
Josephine Barstow was made a Dame Commander of the Order of the British Empire in 1995 .
Nikolajs Galdiņš ( 9 October 1902 -- 5 October 1945 ) was an Obersturmbannführer ( lieutenant Colonel ) in the Waffen SS during World War II . He was awarded the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross , which was awarded to recognize extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership by Nazi Germany during World War II .
In 2000 , `` Let 's All Go to the Lobby '' was selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry by the Library of Congress as being `` culturally , historically , or aesthetically significant '' .
Raymond Leppard was appointed a Commander of the Order of the British Empire ( CBE ) by The Queen .
Nari Ward is the recipient of numerous awards including the American Academy of Arts and Letters ' Willard L. Metcalf Award ( 1998 ) , Pollock Krasner Foundation grant ( 1996 ) , The National Endowment for the Arts ( 1994 ) , and the John Simon Guggenheim Fellowship ( 1992 ) .
James T. Clancy ( 1833 - -December 1870 ) was a Sergeant in the Union Army during the American Civil War who was awarded the Medal of Honor for his actions during the Battle of Vaughan Road .
Len Beadell was awarded the British Empire Medal in 1958 for his work constructing the Gunbarrel Highway .
On 24 May 2007 , the National Constitution Center in Philadelphia announced that Bono would receive the Philadelphia Liberty Medal on 27 September 2007 for his work to end world poverty and hunger .
In 2007 Banco del Libro won the biggest prize in children 's literature , the Astrid Lindgren Memorial Award from the Swedish Arts Council , recognising its `` long - term sustainable work '' as a promoter of reading .
Richard Arthur Samuel Bywater GC , GM ( 3 November 1913 -- 6 April 2005 ) , known as Arthur Bywater , won the George Cross and George Medal , one of only eight people to have been awarded both medals , and the only civilian .
On October 5 , 2002 , Rosalynn Carter was inducted into the National Women 's Hall of Fame in Seneca Falls , New York .
Florent Guillain was appointed Commander of the Legion of Honour .
Ferenc Sánta Jr. ( born March 2 , 1945 ) is a Kossuth Prize and Franz Liszt Prize - winning Hungarian violinist , fiddler and the artistic director of The Hungarian National Gipsy Orchestra .
For The Collected Poems of Howard Nemerov ( 1977 ) , he won the National Book Award for Poetry , Pulitzer Prize for Poetry , and Bollingen Prize .
Walter Kubisch ( 7 September 1918 -- 6 October 1944 ) was a Luftwaffe wireless radio operator of World War II . He was also a recipient of the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross ( German : Ritterkreuz des Eisernen Kreuzes ) .
Arnold Hardy ( February 2 , 1922 -- December 5 , 2007 ) was an American amateur photographer who won the 1947 Pulitzer Prize for Photography .
Enid Bibby was made Dame Commander of the Order of the British Empire in the Queen 's Birthday Honours of 2004 .
Mehdi Ali oglu Huseynov , famed under the pseudonym Mehdi Huseyn ( Azerbaijani : Mehdi Hüseyn ) -- was an Azerbaijani and Soviet writer and critic , laureate of the State Stalin Prize of the third degree ( 1950 ) and member of the All - Union Communist Party since 1941 .
Jean Caylar d'Anduze de Saint - Bonnet , Marquis de Toiras ( 1585 - -1636 ) , often just called Toiras , was a Marshal of France of the 17th century .
Salvador J. Lara ( 1920 -- September 1 , 1945 ) was a U.S. Army veteran of World War II and recipient of the Medal of Honor .
John Divane ( VC ) ( Also known as Devine and Duane ) ( November 1823 -- 1 December 1888 ) was an Irish recipient of the Victoria Cross , the highest and most prestigious award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth forces .
Fritz Gromotka ( 2 June 1915 -- 2 November 1979 ) was a German Luftwaffe ace and recipient of the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross during World War II . Fritz Gromotka was credited with 29 aerial victories , 27 on the Western Front and 2 on the Eastern Front .
`` Si la vie est cadeau '' ( `` If Life is a Gift '' ) by Jean - Pierre Millers ( music ) and Alain Garcia ( lyrics ) , was the winner of the Eurovision Song Contest 1983 , performed in French by French singer Corinne Hermès for Luxembourg .
Professor Yona Kosashvili MD ( born July 3 , 1970 ) is an Israeli chess Grandmaster and surgeon .
In 2007 , Dance , Girl , Dance was selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry by the Library of Congress as being `` culturally , historically , or aesthetically significant '' , describing it as Arzner 's `` most intriguing film '' and a `` meditation on the disparity between art and commerce .
Ignatius Joseph Kasimo Hendrowahyono ( 10 April 1900 -- 1 August 1986 ) is a National Hero of Indonesia and Indonesian politician .
Ernest Childers ( February 1 , 1918 -- March 17 , 2005 ) was a United States Army officer and a recipient of the United States military 's highest decoration , the Medal of Honor , for his valorous actions in World War II .
Leroy Hood won the 2011 Fritz J. and Dolores H. Russ Prize `` for automating DNA sequencing that revolutionized biomedicine and forensic science '' and the 2003 Lemelson - MIT Prize for inventing `` four instruments that have unlocked much of the mystery of human biology '' by helping decode the genome .
Evelyn Miot ( born 1943 ) , Miss Haiti Universe , was the first black woman to reach the top fifteen finalists position in the Miss Universe pageant .
On 26 January 2011 , Peter Costello was appointed a Companion of the Order of Australia for `` eminent service to the Parliament of Australia , particularly through the development of landmark economic policy reforms in the areas of taxation , foreign investment , superannuation and corporate regulation , and through representative roles with global financial organisations '' .
Joachim Schepke ( 8 March 1912 -- 17 March 1941 ) was a German U - boat commander during World War II . He was the seventh recipient of the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves ( German : Ritterkreuz des Eisernen Kreuzes mit Eichenlaub ) .
Ekaterina Atalik ( née Polovnikova ; born 14 November 1982 in Kirov ) is a Russian - Turkish chess player , who holds the titles of International Master and Woman Grandmaster .
Josef Beckmann ( 4 May 1920 -- 6 December 2001 ) was a highly decorated Leutnant in the Wehrmacht during World War II . He was also a recipient of the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross .
Aleksandr Zarkhi was granted the honorary title of People 's Artist of the USSR in 1969 and received Stalin Prize in 1946 .
Sandipan Chanda ( born 13 August 1983 ) is a chess Grandmaster hailing from the city of Kolkata ( Calcutta ) in the Indian state of West Bengal .
Hans - Babo von Rohr ( 9 October 1922 , Wolletz -- 14 February 1945 ) was a highly decorated Oberleutnant of the Reserves in the Wehrmacht during World War II . He was also a recipient of the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves .
Hans Götz ( 2 June 1919 -- 4 August 1943 ) was a former German Luftwaffe fighter ace and recipient of the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross during World War II . Hans Götz was credited with 82 victories in 600 combat missions .
Florin Felecan ( born 7 April 1980 ) is a chess International Master .
Hans Ree ( born 15 September 1944 in Amsterdam ) is a Dutch Grandmaster of chess and is a columnist and chess writer for the NRC Handelsblad .
Jedh Colby Barker ( June 20 , 1945 -- September 21 , 1967 ) was a United States Marine Corps Lance Corporal who posthumously received the Medal of Honor for heroism during the Vietnam War in September 1967 .
Karl Körner ( 19 April 1920 -- 8 August 1997 ) was a Hauptscharführer in the Waffen SS during World War II . He was a recipient of the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross , which was awarded to recognize extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership by Nazi Germany during World War II .
Apisamai Srirangsan ( Thai : อภิสมัย ศรีรังสรรค์ ; rtgs : Aphisamai Sirangsan ) , nicknamed Birth ( Thai : เบิร์ท ) ( born December 15 , 1974 in Bangkok , Thailand ) was Miss Thailand 1999 .
Dale Eldon Christensen ( May 31 , 1920- August 4 , 1944 ) was a United States Army officer and a recipient of the United States military 's highest decoration -- the Medal of Honor -- for his actions in World War II .
On September 13 of 1943 , Oleg Koshevoy was posthumously awarded the title of the Hero of the Soviet Union , the Order of Lenin , and later , the Medal `` Partisan of the Patriotic War '' 1st class .
Wulfnoth Cild ( died c. 1014 ) was a South Saxon thegn who is regarded by historians as the probable father of Godwin , Earl of Wessex , and thus the grandfather of King Harold Godwinson .
Kristin Sigurdsdatter ( ca . 1125 - 1178 ) was a Norwegian princess and mother of King Magnus V of Norway .
Ernst - Wilhelm Hoffmann ( 27 September 1904 -- 27 August 1994 ) was a highly decorated Oberst in the Wehrmacht during World War II who was the last commander of the 4 .
James Hobart Ford ( May 22 , 1829 -- January 12 , 1867 ) was a Union general during the American Civil War , notable for his contributions in the Trans - Mississippi Theater of the war .
NGC 3918 is a bright planetary nebula in the constellation Centaurus , that is called the `` Blue Planetary '' or `` The Southerner '' .
W33A is a protostar located approximately 12,000 light - years away from Earth , in the constellation Sagittarius .
HD 5319 is an 8th magnitude star approximately 370 light years away in the constellation Cetus .
33 Arietis ( abbreviated 33 Arietis ) is a binary star in the northern constellation of Aries .
SN 1997D , discovered on January 1997 in galaxy NGC 1536 in Reticulum constellation is a first clearly identified example of atypical Type II supernova with a very low luminosity and expansion velocity .
HD 86081 is a yellow - white dwarf star in the constellation Sextans south of the celestial equator .
PSR B1620 - 26 is a binary star system located at a distance of 3,800 parsecs ( 12,400 light - years ) in the globular cluster of Messier 4 ( M4 , NGC 6121 ) in the constellation of Scorpius .
17 Aquarii ( abbreviated 17 Aqr ) is a spectroscopic binary star in the constellation of Aquarius .
The Owl Nebula ( Messier 97,M97 , NGC 3587 ) is a planetary nebula located approximately 2,030 light years away in the constellation Ursa Major .
Arp 273 is a group of interacting galaxies , lying 300 million light years away in the constellation Andromeda .
NGC 5753 is a spiral galaxy in the constellation Boötes .
3 Boötis ( abbr . : 3 Boo ) is a star in the constellation Boötes .
Simeis 147 , also known as the Spaghetti Nebula , SNR G180.0 - 01.7 or Sharpless 2 - 240 , is a supernova remnant ( SNR ) in the Milky Way , straddling the border between the constellations Auriga and Taurus .
Kepler-5 is a star located in the constellation Cygnus in the field of view of the Kepler Mission , a NASA project aimed at detecting planets in transit of , or passing in front of , their host stars as seen from Earth .
Mu Ophiuchi ( μ Oph ) is a star in the constellation Ophiuchus .
NGC 3718 , also called Arp 214 , is a galaxy located approximately 52 million light years from Earth in the constellation Ursa Major .
6 Boötis or e Boötis is a star in the constellation Boötes .
NGC 1275 ( also known as Perseus A or Caldwell 24 ) is a type 1.5 Seyfert galaxy located around 237 million light - years away in the direction of the constellation Perseus .
HD 30562 is a 6th magnitude F - type main sequence star located approximately 86 light years away in the constellation of Eridanus .
NGC 1261 , also known as Caldwell 87 , is a globular cluster in the constellation Horologium , first discovered by James Dunlop in 1826 .
30 Herculis ( 30 Her ) , or g Herculis , is a star in the constellation Hercules .
NGC 147 ( also known as DDO3 or Caldwell 17 ) is a dwarf spheroidal galaxy about 2.58 Mly away in the constellation Cassiopeia .
Lambda Capricorni ( λ Cap , λ Capricorni ) is a star in the constellation Capricornus .
114 Tauri ( 114 Tau ) is a blue main - sequence star in the constellation Taurus .
IM Pegasi is a variable binary star system approximately 329 light - years away in the constellation of Pegasus .
SN 2008 ha was a type Ia supernova which was first observed around November 7 , 2008 in the galaxy UGC 12682 , which lies in the constellation Pegasus at a distance of about 21.3 megaparsecs ( 69 Mly ) from Earth .
HD 180902 b is an extrasolar planet orbiting the K - type star HD 180902 approximately 359 light years away in the constellation Sagittarius .
NGC 7027 is a very young and dense planetary nebula located around 3,000 light - years ( 920 pc ) away in the constellation Cygnus .
MOA-2007-BLG-192L is a low - mass red dwarf star or brown dwarf , approximately 3,000 light - years away in the constellation of Sagittarius .
V4641 Sagittarii ( V4641 Sgr ) is a variable X - ray binary star system in the constellation Sagittarius .
Psi Scorpii ( ψ Sco , ψ Scorpii ) is a star in the constellation Scorpius .
HD 220466 is a F - type subgiant or main sequence star in the constellation Aquarius .
Mu Horologii ( μ Horologii , μ Hor ) is a yellow - white carbon star of ( visual ) apparent magnitude 5.128 in the constellation Horologium .
LHS 1723 is a nearby red dwarf star of spectral type M4.0 , located in constellation Eridanus at 17.4 light - years from Earth .
HD 140283 , informally nicknamed Methuselah star , is a metal - poor subgiant star about 190 light years away from the Earth in the constellation Libra .
2 Ceti ( 2 Cet ) is a star in the constellation Cetus .
Pi Aquarii ( π Aqr , π Aquarii ) is the Bayer designation for a binary star in the equatorial constellation of Aquarius .
81 Aquarii ( abbreviated 81 Aqr ) is a star in the constellation of Aquarius .
The Eyes Galaxies ( NGC 4435-NGC 4438 , also known as Arp 120 ) are a pair of galaxies about 52 million light - years away in the constellation Virgo .
25 Arietis ( abbreviated 25 Ari ) is a star in the constellation of Cetus .
Psi Tauri ( ψ Tau , ψ Tauri ) is a star in the constellation Taurus .
Gliese 176 b is a super - Earth exoplanet approximately 31 light years away in the constellation of Taurus .
NGC 42 is a galaxy in the Pegasus constellation .
NGC 5189 ( Gum 47 , IC 4274 , nicknamed Spiral Planetary Nebula ) is a planetary nebula in the constellation Musca .
HD 32518 is a 6th magnitude K - type giant star located approximately 390 light years away in the constellation of Camelopardalis .
HD 8574 is a yellow - white star in the constellation Pisces .
L 1159 - 16 is a red dwarf in the northern constellation of Aries .
Delta Eridani ( δ Eri , δ Eridani ) is a 3.54 magnitude star in the constellation of Eridanus .
NGC 3190 is a spiral galaxy with tightly wound arms and lying in the constellation Leo .
NGC 4790 is a Barred Spiral Galaxy ( SBc ) located in the vicinity of the constellation Virgo .
Omicron Lupi ( ο Lup ) is a star in the constellation Lupus .
HR 2096 ' , also known as HD 40325 is a double star in the constellation Auriga .
HD 130458 is a double star in the southern circumpolar constellation of Apus .
Pi Cephei ( π Cep ) is a trinary star located in the constellation Cepheus .
Upsilon Tauri ( υ Tau , υ Tauri ) is a triple star system in the constellation Taurus and a member of the Hyades star cluster .
98 Aquarii ( abbreviated 98 Aqr ) is a star in the equatorial constellation of Aquarius .
R Coronae Australis ( R CrA ) is a variable star in the constellation Corona Australis .
Westerlund 1 ( also called Ara Cluster , designated Wd1 ) is a compact young super star cluster in the Milky Way galaxy , about 3.5 - -5 kpc away from Earth .
NGC 1055 is an edge - on spiral galaxy located in the constellation Cetus that has a prominent nuclear bulge crossed by a wide , knotty , dark lane of dust and gas .
PKS 2000 - 330 ( also known as QSO B2000 - 330 ) is a quasar located in the constellation Sagittarius .
Kepler-32b ( alt . name KOI 952.01 ) is an extrasolar planet in orbit around its M - dwarf - type star in the Kepler-32 system , constellation of Cygnus .
Theta Octantis ( θ Oct ) is an orange giant star in the constellation Octans .
NGC 44 is a binary star system ( both type F4 ) located in the Andromeda constellation .
Alpha Coronae Australis ( α CrA , α Coronae Australis ) is a star in the constellation Corona Australis .
27 Monocerotis ( 27 Mon ) is a star in the constellation Monoceros .
NGC 6604 is an open star cluster located 5500 light years away in the constellation of Serpens and is located about two degrees north of the Eagle Nebula .
Abell 2142 , or A2142 , is a huge , X - ray luminous galaxy cluster in the constellation Corona Borealis .
HD 2942 is a triple star system in the constellation Andromeda located approximately 158 parsecs ( 520 ly ) away .
Pegasus Field ( ICAO : NZPG ) is an airstrip in Antarctica , the southernmost of three airfields serving McMurdo Station .
Yavorov Peak ( Yavorov Vrah \'ya - vo - rov ' vr&h\ ) is an ice - covered peak of elevation 640 m in the Delchev Ridge of the Tangra Mountains on eastern Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands , Antarctica .
Austin Valley is a small ice - filled valley at the east side of Avalanche Ridge , in the Jones Mountains of Antarctica .
Sutton Heights ( 69 ° 45′S 71 ° 30′W ) is an eminence rising to about 800 m lying between the Lassus Mountains and Debussy Heights , in the northern portion of Alexander Island , Antarctica .
Biscoe Point is a rocky point forming the south - eastern side of Biscoe Bay , immediately north of Access Point on the south side of Anvers Island , in the Palmer Archipelago of Antarctica .
The Geologists Range is a mountain range about 55 km ( 34 mi ) long , standing between the heads of Lucy and Nimrod Glaciers in Antarctica .
Skidmore Cliff ( 83 ° 24′S 49 ° 30′W ) is an irregular east - facing cliff , 4 nautical miles ( 7 km ) long , located at the extremity of a spur trending eastward from Saratoga Table , in the Forrestal Range , Pensacola Mountains , Antarctica .
Hood Glacier ( 83 ° 55′S 173 ° 10′E ) is a glacier about 25 nautical miles ( 46 km ) long draining northward from Siege Dome in the Commonwealth Range of Antarctica .
Sartorius Point is a sharp ice - free tipped point formed by an offshoot of Viskyar Ridge and marking the south extremity of Greenwich Island in the South Shetland Islands , Antarctica .
The Klung Islands are a group of small islands lying 1 kilometre ( 0.5 nmi ) east of Welch Island and the Welch Rocks in the northeastern part of Holme Bay , Antarctica .
Lobosh Peak ( Bulgarian : връх Лобош , `` Vrah Lobosh '' \'vr&h ' lo - bosh\ ) is the ice - covered peak rising to 1000 m in the southeast foothills of Detroit Plateau on southern Trinity Peninsula in Graham Land , Antarctica , east of the upper course of Boydell Glacier .
Iliad Glacier ( 64 ° 27′S 63 ° 27′W ) is a glacier flowing northeast from the central highlands of Anvers Island between the Achaean Range and the Trojan Range into Lapeyrere Bay , in the Palmer Archipelago , Antarctica .
Mule Peninsula is an irregularly shaped rocky peninsula between Ellis Fjord and Krok Fjord in the southern part of the Vestfold Hills of Princess Elizabeth Land , Antarctica .
The Fid ( 68 ° 39′S 65 ° 58′W ) is a sharp peak rising to 1,640 metres ( 5,380 ft ) at the eastern side of the mouth of Cole Glacier in southern Graham Land , Antarctica .
Italy ( i/ˈɪtəli/ ; Italian : Italia ( iˈtaːlja ) ) , officially the Italian Republic ( Italian : Repubblica Italiana ) , is a unitary parliamentary republic in Europe .
Donnellan Glacier ( 78 ° 36′S 85 ° 48′W ) is a steep valley glacier fed by highland ice adjacent to Opalchenie Peak and Fukushima Peak on Vinson Plateau , the summit plateau of Vinson Massif , in the Sentinel Range of the Ellsworth Mountains , Antarctica .
Kingyo Rock ( 68 ° 37′S 41 ° 0′E ) is a large linear rock which lies at the south side of Omega Glacier where the glacier meets the sea , on the coast of Queen Maud Land , Antarctica .
Cape Crozier is the most easterly point of Ross Island in Antarctica .
Ardery Island is a steep , rocky island , about 1 km ( 0.62 mi ) long , lying 1.8 km ( 1.1 mi ) west of Odbert Island in the Windmill Islands of Antarctica .
Mars Glacier is a glacier in the southeastern corner of Alexander Island , Antarctica , 6 nautical miles ( 11 km ) long and 2 nautical miles ( 4 km ) wide , flowing south into the George VI Ice Shelf .
Midkiff Rock ( 77 ° 28′S 145 ° 6′W ) is a rock outcrop on the broad ice - covered ridge between Hammond Glacier and Swope Glacier , 6 nautical miles ( 11 km ) east - southeast of Mount West , in the Ford Ranges of Marie Byrd Land , Antarctica .
Kermen Peninsula ( Poluostrov Kermen \po - lu-'os - trov ' ker - men\ ) is a 1.5-km long peninsula forming the south extremity of Robert Island , Antarctica .
The Duroch Islands are a group of islands and rocks which extend over an area of about 5 km2 ( 1.9 sq mi ) , centred about 1 km ( 0.62 mi ) off Cape Legoupil on the north coast of Trinity Peninsula , Antarctica .
Kornicker Glacier ( 78 ° 43′S 84 ° 35′W ) is a glacier draining northeastwards from the cirque bounded by Mount Liptak , Mount Southwick , Mount Milton and Mount Mullen in the southern Sentinel Range of the Ellsworth Mountains in Antarctica .
O'Brien Island is a small rocky island in the South Shetland Islands of Antarctica .
Troll Satellite Station ( Norwegian : Troll satelittstasjon ) , commonly abbreviated TrollSat , is a satellite ground station located at Troll in Queen Maud Land , Antarctica .
Hoodwink Island is an island lying 2 kilometres ( 1 nmi ) east of Arrowsmith Peninsula in Lallemand Fjord , Graham Land , Antarctica .
Alexander Island , which is also known as Alexander I Island , Alexander I Land , Alexander Land , Alexander I Archipelago , and Zemlja Alexandra I , is the largest island of Antarctica .
Ellipsoid Hill ( 77 ° 48′S 163 ° 50′E ) is a rounded , partly ice - covered summit , 1,130 metres ( 3,700 ft ) high , to the north of Blue Glacier , between Geoid Glacier and Spheroid Hill , in Victoria Land , Antarctica .
Mount Frakes is a prominent shield volcano marking the highest elevation in the Crary Mountains , in Marie Byrd Land , Antarctica .
Howkins Inlet ( 73 ° 40′S 60 ° 54′W ) is an ice - filled inlet which recedes southwest for 6 nautical miles ( 11 km ) between Cape Brooks and Lamb Point , along the east coast of Palmer Land , Antarctica .
After the Enlightenment , most of the expeditions that went to East Africa and the Pacific had Teide as one of the most rewarding targets .
Ludogorie Peak ( Vrah Ludogorie \'vr&h lu - do-'go - ri - e\ ) is a peak rising to 350 m in Friesland Ridge , Tangra Mountains in eastern Livingston Island , South Shetland Islands in Antarctica .
Enchantress Rocks is a small group of rocks lying off Elephant Point on the south side of western Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands , Antarctica .
The Mackay Mountains ( 77 ° 30′S 143 ° 20′W ) are a prominent group of peaks 10 nautical miles ( 19 km ) south of the Allegheny Mountains in the Ford Ranges of Marie Byrd Land , Antarctica .
Podvis Col ( Bulgarian : седловина Подвис , `` Sedlovina Podvis '' \se - dlo - vi-'na ' pod - vis\ ) is the ice - covered col of elevation 1494 m on Davis Coast in Graham Land , Antarctica , extending 1.6 km between Korten Ridge to the northwest and Detroit Plateau to the southeast .
Mexico ( i/ˈmɛksᵻkoʊ/ ; Spanish : México ( ˈmexiko ) ) , officially the United Mexican States ( Spanish : Estados Unidos Mexicanos , listen ) , is a federal republic in North America .
Longridge Head ( 67 ° 28′S 67 ° 40′W ) is a headland at the north side of Whistling Bay on Arrowsmith Peninsula , Antarctica , marking the south end of a small coastal ridge which extends 3 nautical miles ( 6 km ) northward along the west coast of Graham Land .
Garwood Point ( 74 ° 14′S 110 ° 36′W ) is a point marking the northern extremity of Gurnon Peninsula , a northeast arm of Bear Peninsula , on the Walgreen Coast of Marie Byrd Land , Antarctica .
The Forgotten Hills ( 72 ° 59′S 164 ° 0′E ) are a small group of hills 6 nautical miles ( 11 km ) southeast of the Intention Nunataks , at the west side of the head of Astronaut Glacier in Victoria Land , Antarctica .
Flogstallen ( 72 ° 36′S 2 ° 59′W ) is a flat , icecapped mountain with steep rock sides just northeast of Jokulskarvet Ridge , in the Borg Massif of Queen Maud Land , Antarctica .
Langpollen Cove ( 69 ° 26′S 39 ° 35′E ) is a long , narrow cove in the northwest part of Skarvsnes Foreland on the east side of Lützow - Holm Bay , Antarctica .
M'Clintock Bastion ( 80 ° 28′S 22 ° 28′W ) is a mountain rising to about 1,400 metres ( 4,600 ft ) to the west of Mount Kelsey in the Pioneers Escarpment , Shackleton Range , Antarctica .
Mount Lombard ( 64 ° 31′S 59 ° 38′W ) is the highest peak dominating the mountain mass whose southern extremity is Cape Sobral , Graham Land , Antarctica , and surmounting Mundraga Bay to the west .
Mount Hollingsworth ( 67 ° 15′S 50 ° 21′E ) is a mountain 1 nautical mile ( 2 km ) south of Priestley Peak , close south of Amundsen Bay in Enderby Land , Antarctica .
Kubusdaelda ( 71 ° 59′S 7 ° 26′E ) is a steep , ice - filled ravine between Kubus Mountain and Klevekampen Mountain in the Filchner Mountains of Queen Maud Land , Antarctica .
Great Needle Peak ( Bulgarian : Голям Иглен връх , `` Golyam Iglen Vrah '' \go-'lyam ' i - glen ' vr&h\ ; variant name in Spanish : pico Falsa Aguja , `` False Needle Peak '' ) is the summit of the central Levski Ridge in Tangra Mountains on Livingston Island , Antarctica .
Heckmann Island is the largest island in the eastern part of the Thorfinn Islands , lying 13 kilometres ( 7 nmi ) north of Byrd Head , Mac . Robertson Land , Antarctica .
Ugain Point ( Bulgarian : нос Угаин , `` Nos Ugain '' \'nos u - ga-'in\ ) is the point on the west coast of Rugged Island in the South Shetland Islands , Antarctica separating Smyadovo Cove to the north and Bogomil Cove to the south .
Ichime Glacier ( 68 ° 23′S 42 ° 8′E ) is a glacier flowing to the sea just west of Kasumi Rock in Queen Maud Land , Antarctica .
Barne Glacier ( 77 ° 36′S 166 ° 26′E ) is a steep glacier in Antarctica which descends from the western slopes of Mount Erebus and terminates on the west side of Ross Island , between Cape Barne and Cape Evans where it forms a steep ice cliff .
Grotto Glacier is a glacier on the east coast of Alexander Island , Antarctica , which flows east into George VI Sound between Belemnite Point and Ablation Point .
Lair Point is a point projecting 570 m into Barclay Bay from Robbery Beaches on Byers Peninsula , Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands , Antarctica and forming the east side of the entrance to Kukuzel Cove .
Kjuka Headland ( 69 ° 36′S 39 ° 44′E ) is a rock headland , 300 metres ( 1,000 ft ) high , standing just north of Telen Glacier on the east side of Lützow - Holm Bay , Antarctica .
Aurdalsegga Ridge ( 71 ° 44′S 12 ° 23′E ) is an irregular ridge 5 miles ( 8 km ) long surmounted by Mount Nikolayev , rising immediately southeast of Aurdalen Valley in the Südliche Petermann Range of the Wohlthat Mountains in Antarctica .
Powell Island is a narrow island 13 km ( 8.1 mi ) long and 4 km ( 2.5 mi ) wide , lying between Coronation and Laurie Islands in the central part of the South Orkney Islands of Antarctica .
The Landers Peaks ( 69 ° 26′S 71 ° 12′W ) are a group of peaks 4 nautical miles ( 7 km ) east of Mount Braun , rising to about 1,000 metres ( 3,300 ft ) between Palestrina Glacier and Nichols Snowfield in the northern portion of Alexander Island , Antarctica .
Mount Alberts ( 73 ° 2′S 167 ° 52′E ) is a pointed , almost completely snow - covered mountain rising to about 2,320 metres ( 7,610 ft ) , and situated 11 miles ( 18 km ) east of Mount Phillips on the east margin of the Malta Plateau , Borchgrevink Coast , western Victoria Land , Antarctica .
Launch Rock ( 67 ° 46′S 68 ° 56′W ) is a submerged rock lying southwest of the Glover Rocks , off the south end of Adelaide Island , Antarctica .
Mount Futago ( 69 ° 12′S 39 ° 44′E ) is a small mountain with two peaks , the northern one being 240 metres ( 790 ft ) and the southern one 245 metres ( 800 ft ) high , in the northern part of the Langhovde Hills , Queen Maud Land , Antarctica .
Kokalyane Point ( Bulgarian : нос Кокаляне , `` Nos Kokalyane '' \'nos ko-'ka - lya - ne\ ) is the point on the west coast of Rugged Island in the South Shetland Islands , Antarctica forming the south side of the entrance to Bogomil Cove .
Egypt ( i/ˈiːdʒɪpt/ ; Arabic : مِصر‎ Miṣr , Egyptian Arabic : مَصر Maṣr , Coptic : Ⲭⲏⲙⲓ Khemi ) , officially the Arab Republic of Egypt , is a transcontinental country spanning the northeast corner of Africa and southwest corner of Asia , via a land bridge formed by the Sinai Peninsula .
Gertrude Rock ( 71 ° 17′21``S 170 ° 13′0''E ) was the northern of two rocks called The Sisters , off the northern extremity of Cape Adare , Victoria Land , Antarctica .
Cape Felt ( 73 ° 52′S 116 ° 23′W ) is an ice - covered cape which marks the north end of Wright Island , on the Bakutis Coast of Marie Byrd Land , Antarctica .
Kostur Point ( Bulgarian : нос Костур , `` Nos Kostur '' \'nos kos-'tur\ ) is the point on the east coast of Brabant Island in the Palmer Archipelago , Antarctica projecting 1.4 km southwards into Hill Bay .
Houliston Glacier ( 72 ° 0′S 164 ° 34′E ) is a tributary glacier between Neall Massif and the West Quartzite Range , Victoria Land , Antarctica , flowing northwest into Black Glacier .
Lamberts Peak ( 72 ° 44′S 74 ° 51′E ) is a small peak 3 nautical miles ( 6 km ) north - northeast of the Mason Peaks in the Grove Mountains of Antarctica .
Ravel Peak ( 69 ° 55′S 71 ° 17′W ) is an isolated peak , rising to about 1,300 m , surmounting Debussy Heights situated in the northern portion of Alexander Island , Antarctica .
Cape Davidson is a cape which marks the southernmost part of Mackenzie Peninsula and the west side of the entrance to Wilton Bay , in the west part of Laurie Island in the South Orkney Islands of Antarctica .
Shoemaker Glacier ( 73 ° 47′S 164 ° 45′E ) is a tributary glacier in the Southern Cross Mountains of Antarctica , flowing east along the south side of Daley Hills to Aviator Glacier , in Victoria Land .
The Gamburtsev Mountain Range ( also known as the Gamburtsev Subglacial Mountains ) is a subglacial mountain range located in East Antarctica , just underneath the lofty Dome A , near the Southern Pole of Inaccessibility .
Cape Markov ( 66 ° 46′S 50 ° 16′E ) is an ice cape on the east side of Amundsen Bay , situated 7 nautical miles ( 13 km ) west of Mount Riiser - Larsen in Enderby Land , Antarctica .
Mechnikov Peak ( 71 ° 37′S 11 ° 28′E ) is a prominent peak , 2,365 metres ( 7,760 ft ) high , at the base of the spur separating Schussel Cirque and Grautskåla Cirque in the Humboldt Mountains of Queen Maud Land , Antarctica .
Kosiba Wall ( 67 ° 31′S 66 ° 55′W ) is a cliff face rising to 1,180 metres ( 3,870 ft ) at the northeastern end of Blaiklock Island , off the west coast of Graham Land , Antarctica .
Express Island is a narrow craggy island , 1.23 kilometres ( 0.76 mi ) long , lying close offshore of northwest Greenwich Island in the South Shetland Islands , Antarctica .
Evans Peak ( 78 ° 17′S 85 ° 58′W ) is a prominent rock peak , 3,950 metres ( 12,960 ft ) high , standing 3 nautical miles ( 6 km ) east - northeast of Mount Ostenso in the Sentinel Range of the Ellsworth Mountains , Antarctica .
Gordon Valley ( 84 ° 23′S 164 ° 0′E ) is a small valley , the western half of which is occupied by a lobe of ice from Walcott Neve , lying west of Mount Falla in the Queen Alexandra Range , Antarctica .
Jester Rock , also known as Page Rock is a small isolated rock in Marguerite Bay , Antarctica , lying midway between Emperor Island and the Noble Rocks in the Dion Islands .
Inman Nunatak ( 74 ° 49′S 98 ° 54′W ) is a nunatak standing 6 miles ( 10 km ) east of Mount Manthe in the southeastern part of the Hudson Mountains , Antarctica .
The Ptsich River ( Belarusian : Пціч , ( ptsʲitʂ ) ) is a river in Eastern Europe , of approximately 421 km ( 262 mi ) length .
McCraw Glacier ( 80 ° 7′S 156 ° 35′E ) is a glacier in the Britannia Range , Antarctica , draining the northwest slopes of Mount Olympus and flowing north , westward of Johnstone Ridge , to enter Hatherton Glacier .
Ball Peninsula ( 72 ° 8′S 98 ° 3′W ) is a broad ice - covered peninsula on the north side of Thurston Island , Antarctica .
Purcell Snowfield ( 70 ° 29′S 69 ° 55′W ) is a snowfield , 15 nautical miles ( 28 km ) wide , lying between the east portion of the Colbert Mountains and the west side of the Douglas Range in the central part of Alexander Island , Antarctica .
Salisbury Bluff is the point forming the south side of the entrance to Las Palmas Cove in Hurd Peninsula , Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands , Antarctica and surmounted by a 161 m height .
The Insel Range ( 77 ° 24′S 161 ° 18′E ) is a series of ice - free flat - topped peaks resembling islands which rise above the surrounding terrain and separate McKelvey Valley from Balham Valley , in Victoria Land , Antarctica .
Lookout Dome ( 83 ° 3′S 156 ° 27′E ) is an ice - covered , dome - shaped mountain , 2,470 metres ( 8,100 ft ) high , in the Miller Range , Antarctica .
Malmgren Bay ( 65 ° 45′S 66 ° 7′W ) is a bay indenting the west side of Renaud Island immediately north of Speerschneider Point , in the Biscoe Islands of Antarctica .
Keel Island is an island lying 2 kilometres ( 1 nmi ) south of Fold Island on the east side of Stefansson Bay , off the coast of Enderby Land , Antarctica .
The Victory Mountains ( 72 ° 40′S 168 ° 00′E ) is a major group of mountains in Victoria Land , Antarctica , about 160 kilometres ( 99 mi ) long and 80 km ( 50 mi ) wide , which is bounded primarily by Mariner and Tucker glaciers and the Ross Sea .
Cameroon ( /ˌkæməˈruːn/ ; French : Cameroun ) , officially the Republic of Cameroon ( French : République du Cameroun ) , is a country in Central Africa .
Cape Dayman ( 70 ° 46′S 167 ° 24′E ) is a cape on the north side of Tapsell Foreland that forms the south side of the entrance to Yule Bay , in Victoria Land , Antarctica .
Dyment Island is a small island lying 9 kilometres ( 5 nmi ) southwest of the McKinzie Islands in the inner - central part of Cranton Bay , Antarctica .
Macedonia ( i/ˌmæsᵻˈdoʊniə/ mas - i - DOH - nee - ə ; Macedonian : Македонија , tr . Makedonija , IPA : ( makɛˈdɔnija ) ) , officially the Republic of Macedonia ( Macedonian : Република Македонија , tr . Republika Makedonija ) , is a country located in the central Balkan peninsula in Southeast Europe .
Ellyard Nunatak ( 70 ° 19′S 64 ° 54′E ) is a nunatak on the north side of Scylla Glacier , about 7 nautical miles ( 13 km ) south - southeast of Mount Bechervaise , in the Prince Charles Mountains of Antarctica .
Graben Horn ( German : Grabenhorn , 71 ° 48′S 12 ° 2′E ) is a prominent horn or cone - shaped peak , 2,815 metres ( 9,240 ft ) high , rising at the east side of Humboldt Graben in Antarctica .
Davey Point is a conspicuous rocky headland 6 km ( 3.7 mi ) south - west of Round Point on the north coast of King George Island , in the South Shetland Islands of Antarctica .
Bennett Dome ( 71 ° 48′S 73 ° 3′W ) is a rounded snow - covered peninsula on the south side of Beethoven Peninsula , Alexander Island , Antarctica .
Mount Holm - Hansen ( 77 ° 36′S 162 ° 11′E ) is a prominent mountain rising to 1,920 metres ( 6,300 ft ) between the lower David Valley and Bartley Glacier in the Asgard Range of Victoria Land , Antarctica .
Kroshka Island is the smaller of two ice - covered islands lying close together in the Fimbul Ice Shelf , along the coast of Queen Maud Land , Antarctica .
Thanaron Point ( 63 ° 30′S 58 ° 40′W ) is a rock point on the east side of the end of Malorad Glacier , situated 8 nautical miles ( 15 km ) east - northeast of Cape Roquemaurel on Trinity Peninsula , Antarctica .
The Terra Firma Islands are a small group of islands lying 15 kilometres ( 8 nmi ) north of Cape Berteaux , off the west coast of Graham Land in West Antarctica .
Bates Island is a narrow island 5 km ( 3.1 mi ) long lying east of Jurva Point , Renaud Island , in the Biscoe Islands of Antarctica .
Ivaylo Cove ( Bulgarian : Ивайлов залив , `` Ivaylov Zaliv '' \i-'vay - lov ' za - liv\ ) is the 500 m wide cove indenting for 900 m the east coast of Snow Island in the South Shetland Islands , Antarctica .
Uganda ( /juːˈɡændə/ yew - GAN - də or /juːˈɡɑːndə/ yew - GAHN - də ) , officially the Republic of Uganda , is a landlocked country in East Africa .
The Leopold and Astrid Coast ( 67 ° 20′S 84 ° 30′E ) is that portion of the coast of Antarctica lying between the western extremity of the West Ice Shelf , at 81 ° 24′E , and Cape Penck , at 87 ° 43′E. It is located in the eastern half of Princess Elizabeth Land .
Klinger Ridge ( 74 ° 43′S 114 ° 0′W ) is an ice - covered ridge south of Martin Peninsula , extending northeast from the Jenkins Heights between McClinton Glacier and Dorchuck Glacier on Bakutis Coast , Marie Byrd Land , Antarctica .
Vince Nunatak ( 77 ° 30′S 163 ° 22′E ) is a nunatak of Antarctica .
McNeile Glacier ( 63 ° 54′S 59 ° 26′W ) is a glacier flowing northward to the southeast side of Almond Point where it enters Charcot Bay , on the west side of Graham Land , Antarctica .
Duffy Peak ( 71 ° 45′S 70 ° 40′W ) is a peak southeast of Hageman Peak in the Staccato Peaks , southwest Alexander Island , Antarctica .
Ban Chiang ( Thai : แหล่งโบราณคดี บ้านเชียง ) is an archeological site in Nong Han District , Udon Thani Province , Thailand .
The Manitoba Labour Party ( MLP ) was a reformist , non - Marxist labour party in Manitoba , Canada .
Kakehsiab ( Persian : كاكه سياب‎ , also Romanized as Kākehsīāb ) is a village in Saheb Rural District , Ziviyeh District , Saqqez County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Pusztavacs is a village in Dabas district , Pest county , Hungary , about 54 km south - east of the capital Budapest .
Hotel Dajti was a hotel near Rinia Park in central Tirana , Albania .
Neurowear is a gadget project organization in Japan founded on the concept of the `` Augumented Human Body '' .
Nobressart is a village in Luxembourg Province , in southern Belgium .
The Palazzo Medici , also called the Palazzo Medici Riccardi after the later family that acquired and expanded it , is a Renaissance palace located in Florence , Italy .
East London railway station is the central railway station in the city of East London in the Eastern Cape province of South Africa .
Monsignor Fraser College ( also called as Monsignor Fraser , MFC , or Fraser ) is a Roman Catholic specialized dual - track Alternative and Adult High School run by the Toronto Catholic District School Board in Toronto , Ontario , Canada with six campuses and various programs .
Aulnay - sous - Bois ( French pronunciation : ​(ɔnɛsubwa ) ) is a French commune in the Seine - Saint - Denis department in the Île - de - France region in the north - eastern suburbs of Paris , France .
Monte Pecoraro is a mountain in the Serre Calabresi , in southern Calabria , southern Italy .
Komarivka ( Ukrainian : Комарівка ; also Kamarovka ) is a village in the Odessa Oblast ( province ) of western Ukraine .
Seconed Canyon Cone , also called Canyon Creek Cone is a cinder cone in the Boundary Ranges of the Coast Mountains in northwestern British Columbia , Canada .
The University of Dschang is located in West Cameroon , about 425 kilometers northwest of Yaounde .
Zhengzhou has been one of the major industrial cities in The People 's Republic of China since 1949 .
Sant Feliu de Llobregat Cathedral or the Cathedral of Saint Lawrence ( Catalan : Catedral de Sant Feliu de Llobregat , Catedral de Sant Llorenç , Spanish : Catedral de San Feliú de Llobregat , Catedral de San Lorenzo ) is a Roman Catholic cathedral in Sant Feliu de Llobregat , Catalonia , Spain .
Kottappuzha is a tributary of Kuthirappuzha which is a tributary of Chaliyar river in Kerala , India .
The Kanhar River ( Hindi : कनहर नदी ) is a tributary of the Son River and flows through the India states of Chhattisgarh , Jharkhand and Uttar Pradesh .
Großostheim ( or Grossostheim ) is a market community in the Aschaffenburg district in the Regierungsbezirk of Lower Franconia ( Unterfranken ) in Bavaria , Germany .
Tampereen Peli - Pojat-70 ( abbreviated PP-70 ) is a football club from Tampere , Finland that was established in 1970 .
Regla ( Spanish pronunciation : ( ˈreɣla ) ) is one of the 15 municipalities or boroughs ( municipios in Spanish ) in the city of Havana , Cuba .
Cedeira is a municipality in the province of A Coruña in the autonomous community of Galicia in northwestern Spain .
Ibtin ( Arabic : إبطن‎ ; Hebrew : אִבְּטִין ) is a Bedouin village in northern Israel .
Łękno is a municipal neighborhood of the Szczecin City , Poland situated on the left bank of Oder river , north - west of the Szczecin Old Town and Middle Town .
Ibn Sina Hospital is a hospital in Baghdad , Iraq which was built by four Iraqi doctors --
Dolnje Ložine ( pronounced ( ˈdoːlnjɛ lɔˈʒiːnɛ ) ; in older sources also Dolenje Ložine , German : Niederloschin ) is a small settlement in the Upper Rinža Valley northwest of Kočevje in southern Slovenia .
The Pollino ( Italian : Massiccio del Pollino ) is a massif in the southern Apennines , on the border between Calabria and Basilicata , southern Italy .
The Dory Rips is a phenomenon involving extreme tidal agitation of waters located in the Bay of Fundy off the headland of Cape d'Or in Nova Scotia , Canada .
Marracuene , earlier known as Vila Luísa is a town in Mozambique 's Maputo Province in Marracuene District , located 30 km north of Maputo on the Incomati River .
Gat Rimon ( Hebrew : גַּת רִמּוֹן , lit . Pomegranate press ) is a moshav in central Israel .
In some areas of Switzerland ( Berner Oberland or Graubünden ) a Bäuert is a small farming community .
Santragachhi or Santragachi is a neighbourhood of Howrah city in West Bengal , India .
Condolden is a hill in north Cornwall , United Kingdom .
PalaTorino ( formally PalaStampa and Mazda Palace ) is an indoor sports arena , located in Turin , Italy .
Djergalchak Game Reserve is a specially protected area located in river basins of Big and Small Djergalchak of Jeti - Oguz District of Issyk Kul Province of Kyrgyzstan .
Bampini ( Greek : Μπαμπίνη ) is a village located in the northern part of the municipal unit of Astakos in the western part of Aetolia - Acarnania , Greece .
Lembeek is a village with a population of 7 256 in the municipality of Halle , Belgium .
The Marché des Enfants Rouges is the oldest covered market in Paris , France .
Lakhta railway station ( Russian : Ста́нция Ла́хта ) is a railway station serving Lakhta , Saint Petersburg , Russia .
Marzan Kalateh ( Persian : مرزن كلاته‎ , also Romanized as Marzan Kalāteh ) is a village in Estarabad - e Shomali Rural District , Baharan District , Gorgan County , Golestan Province , Iran .
Kamarzavan ( Persian : كمرضوان‎ , also Romanized as Kamarz̤avān ) is a village in Mehran Rural District , in the Central District of Bandar Lengeh County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Founded in 1958 and administered by the Veterans Affairs Commission of Taiwan , Taipei Veterans General Hospital ( Chinese : 台北榮民總醫院 ; pinyin : Táiběi Róngmín Zǒngyī Yuàn ) is a national first class medical center and a teaching hospital which provides tertiary patient care , undergraduate medical education programs and residency programs in Taiwan .
The Colca River or Qullqa River ( Quechua qullqa deposit ) which downstream is called Majes and Camaná is a Peruvian river in the Arequipa Region that flows deep in the rugged Andes of southern Peru .
Student Union in Sundsvall at Mid Sweden University is a students ' union representing students studying on campus Sundsvall at Mid Sweden University , and those distance students who are registered in Sundsvall .
Neor Lake ( Persian : دریاچه نِئور , Azerbaijani : نوئور گؤلو ) is a shallow lake located in a hilly area south of the Iranian Province of Ardabil in the Baghrudagh mountain range in North West Iran .
Super Manège ( The Super Ride ) is a steel roller coaster at La Ronde in Montreal , Canada .
Tõrvandi is a small borough ( Estonian : alevik ) in Ülenurme Parish , Tartu County , Estonia .
Lüneburg Water Tower ( German : Wasserturm Lüneburg ) is a water tower in the southeastern part of the Lüneburg old town in Lower Saxony , Germany .
Radomyśl Wielki ( raˈdɔmɨɕl ˈvʲɛlkʲi ) is a town Subcarpathian Voivodeship , Poland , with a population of 2,962 inhabitants ( 02.06.2009 ) .
Sisak Synagogue was the 19th century synagogue in Sisak , Croatia built in the 1880 .
Hester Avenue ( previously known as Quinns Road ) is an east - west distributor road in the outer northern suburbs of Perth , Western Australia , located within the City of Wanneroo .
Stary Górnik ( ˈstarɨ ˈɡurnik ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Oława , within Oława County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Cité Internationale Universitaire de Paris ( 48 ° 49′16``N 2 ° 20′17''E ) , CIUP , Cité U , is a private park and foundation located in Paris , France .
Cape Finniss ( also spelt Cape Finnis ) is a headland located at the southern extremity of Anxious Bay on the west coast of Eyre Peninsula in South Australia about 6 kilometres ( 3.7 mi ) Northwest by west of the town of Elliston .
Rebizanty ( rɛbiˈzantɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Susiec , within Tomaszów Lubelski County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Verkhnyaya Salda ( Russian : Ве́рхняя Салда ) is a town in Sverdlovsk Oblast , Russia , located on the Salda River ( right tributary of the Tagil ) , 195 kilometers ( 121 mi ) north of Yekaterinburg .
The Burnaby Refinery is an oil refinery located in the city of Burnaby , British Columbia , Canada owned by Chevron .
The Sierras Pampeanas ( also called Central Sierras or Pampas Sierras ) ( English : Pampas Mountains ) is a geographical region of Argentina .
The Ninglinspo is a stream in Belgium , tributary of the Amblève upstream from Remouchamps around Quarreux .
The Autovía RM-2 ( also known as Autovía Alhama - Campo de Cartagena ) is a local autovía in the Region of Murcia , Spain .
Paskov is a town in the Czech Republic with 3,841 people as of 2006 .
Apoteri is a community in the Upper Takutu - Upper Essequibo Region of Guyana , near the confluence of the Rupununi River with the Essequibo , at an altitude of 53 metres ( 177 feet ) .
Tavua Island is an island of the Mamanuca Islands , Fiji .
Seneca College of Applied Arts and Technology is a public college located in Toronto , Ontario , Canada .
Sokoine University of Agriculture ( SUA ) is a public university in Morogoro , Tanzania , specializing in agriculture .
Notzingen is a town in the district of Esslingen in Baden - Württemberg in southern Germany .
Jur River County is a county in Western Bahr el Ghazal state in South Sudan , located in east and northeast parts of the state , Jur River County is divided into six payams ( districts ) :
Trinity School of Medicine ( TSOM ) is an offshore private medical school located in Saint Vincent and the Grenadines .
Another , taken from the 1910 publication `` New Trails in Mexico '' by Karl Lumholtz is that the name Oquitoa is taken from the O'odham or Piman Phrase , Hukit'o , `` next to '' or `` nearby''(Lumholtz , p. 391 , 1990 ) in reference to the nearby San Ignacio river .
The Hispar Valley ( Urdu.وادی ہسپر)is the last Valley of Nagar Valley in the Gilgit - Baltistan region of Pakistan .
Kolangur ( Persian : كلنگور‎ , also Romanized as Kolangūr ) is a village in Taftan - e Jonubi Rural District , Nukabad District , Khash County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
The St. Teodora de la Sihla Church ( Romanian : Biserica Sfânta Teodora de la Sihla ) is a cathedral in Central Chişinău , Moldova .
Juliusz Słowacki Theatre in Kraków , Poland , ( Polish : Teatr i m . Juliusza Słowackiego w Krakowie ) , erected in 1893 , was modeled after some of the best European Baroque theatres such as the Paris Opera designed by Charles Garnier , and named after Polish poet Juliusz Słowacki in 1909 .
King George VI Falls , also known as Salto Oshi or Oshi Falls , is located on the Oshi River in western Guyana .
The Point Lepreau Nuclear Generating Station is the only nuclear generating facility located in Atlantic Canada and consists of a single CANDU nuclear reactor located on the northern shore of the Bay of Fundy , having a net capacity of 660 MW ( 705 MW gross ) .
The Danyang North Railway Station ( Simplified Chinese : 丹阳北站 ) is a high - speed railway station in Danyang , Jiangsu , People 's Republic of China .
The Kaniv Reservoir ( Ukrainian : Канівське водосховище , Kanivs'ke vodoskhovyshche ) is a water reservoir located on the Dnieper River in Ukraine .
Qaleh Rasul Seyat ( Persian : قلعه رسول سيت‎ , also Romanized as Qal``eh Rasūl Seyat ) is a village in Akhtachi - ye Mahali Rural District , Simmineh District , Bukan County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 478 , in 104 families .
The NS Documentation Centre of the City of Cologne ( German : NS - Dokumentationszentrum der Stadt Köln ) was founded by a resolution passed by the Cologne city council on December 13 , 1979 and has become the largest regional memorial site in all of Germany for the victims of the Nazis .
Mac 's Convenience Stores is a chain of convenience stores in Canada .
Aguas Nuevas is a village in Albacete , Castile - La Mancha , Spain .
Stabbursdalen National Park ( Norwegian : Stabbursdalen nasjonalpark ) lies in North Norway .
Banteay Srei District ( Khmer : ស្រុកបន្ទាយស្រី ) is a district located in Siem Reap Province , in north - west Cambodia .
Christian Outreach College Toowoomba ( known as `` COCT '' ) is independent , co - educational , Christian day school , located in Toowoomba , Queensland , Australia which offers education from prep through grade 12 .
Vestoppland is a traditional district in Oppland , Norway .
Winterthur Grüze railway station ( German : Bahnhof Winterthur Grüze ) is a railway station that serves Grüze , an industrial zone in district number 2 , Winterthur , a city in the canton of Zürich , Switzerland .
Wólka Szczycieńska ( ˈvulka ʂt͡ʂɨˈt͡ɕeɲska ) ( German : Lentzienen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczytno , within Szczytno County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Forepark is a business park in The Hague , Netherlands , east of the Prins Clausplein highway interchange ( A4 and A12 ) .
Barnkowo ( barnˈkɔvɔ ) ( German : Bernickow ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chojna , within Gryfino County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland , close to the German border .
Dackarna is a speedway club from Målilla in Sweden who compete in the Swedish Elitserien .
The Campeonato de Fútbol Femenino is the main league competition for women 's football ( soccer ) in Argentina .
The Sekyere South District , formerly the Afigya - Sekyere District is one of the twenty - seven ( 27 ) districts in the Ashanti Region of Ghana .
Satapuala is a village situated on the north west coast Upolu island in Samoa .
Opladen is an ideal centre from which to explore the Wuppertal area of Germany .
Zeda Sakara ( also known as Sakara Verkhnyaya ) is a community in the west of Georgia , about 40 km to the southeast of Kutaisi at an elevation of about 264 m , in the Zestaponi District .
Darrehchileh ( Persian : دره چيله‎ , also Romanized as Darrehchīleh ) is a village in Poshtkuh - e Mugui Rural District , in the Central District of Fereydunshahr County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Darband - e Loran ( Persian : دربندلران‎ , also Romanized as Darband - e Lorān ; also known as Darband ) is a village in Rostaq Rural District , in the Central District of Khomeyn County , Markazi Province , Iran .
Gübsensee is a reservoir near the city of St. Gallen , Switzerland .
The Pancyprian Gymnasium ( Παγκύπριο Γυμνάσιο ) was founded in 1812 by Archbishop Kyprianos at a time when Cyprus was still under Ottoman rule .
Fort Simpson Airport ( IATA : YFS , ICAO : CYFS ) is located 7.4 nautical miles ( 13.7 km ; 8.5 mi ) east southeast of Fort Simpson , Northwest Territories , Canada .
Mežvidi parish ( Latvian : Mežvidu pagasts ) is an administrative unit of the Kārsava Municipality , Latvia .
The Museo di Palazzo Mocenigo ( aka Palazzo Mocenigo di San Stae ) is a palazzo near the Church of San Stae , south of the Grand Canal in the sestiere of Santa Croce in Venice , Italy .
The Heilige Hallen are one of the oldest beech woods in Germany and are found in the district of Mecklenburgische Seenplatte in Mecklenburg , 3.5 kilometres west of Feldberg .
Deuna is a Thuringian municipality in the district of Eichsfeld in Germany .
The Lycian Way is a long - distance footpath in Turkey around part of the coast of ancient Lycia .
Val Ferret is the name of the two separate valleys , departing from the Col Ferret on the border between Italy and Switzerland , on the southern and eastern sides of the Mont Blanc Massif .
As per census of India 2011 , Tohana had a population of 63799 and 12642 house holds .
Siah Cheshem ( Persian : سياه چشم‎ , also Romanized as Sīāh Cheshem ) is a village in Amjaz Rural District , in the Central District of Anbarabad County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Road and Street Traffic Awareness ( RASTA 88.6 FM ) is a radio station in Lahore , Pakistan that broadcasts traffic information 24 hours a day on 88.6 MHz on the FM broadcast band .
Lake Beyşehir ( Turkish : Beyşehir Gölü ) is a large freshwater lake in Konya provinces , southwestern part of Turkey .
Gambe village in the Tola - Binyeri District of Mayo - Belwa Local Government Area of Adamawa State in the eastern region of Nigeria is an ancient settlement dating back to about the seventeenth century .
The Bakhuis Mountains ( Dutch : Bakhuisgebergte ) are a mountain range in central Suriname , spanning 110 kilometres .
Bathurst Bay is the name of a 19th - century peninsula settlement that is now a tourist attraction on Cape York in northern Queensland , Australia , near the Great Barrier Reef .
The Jardin Georges Delaselle is a historic botanical garden located on the Île de Batz , Finistère , in the region of Brittany , France .
Ovidius University of Constanta is a public higher education institution in Constanţa , Romania founded in 1961 as a Pedagogical Institute and transformed into a comprehensive university in 1990 .
The Taichung Line ( Chinese : 台中線 or 臺中線 ; pinyin : Táizhōng Xiàn ) , also known as the Mountain Line ( Chinese : 山線 ; pinyin : Shān Xiàn ) , is a line of the Taiwan Railway Administration .
Radzovce ( Hungarian : Ragyolc ) is a village and municipality in the Lučenec District in the Banská Bystrica Region of Slovakia .
Mohammad Salah ( Persian : محمدصلاح‎ , also Romanized as Moḩammad Şalāḩ and Moḩammad Şāleḩ ) is a village in Baba Jik Rural District , in the Central District of Chaldoran County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Chotusice ( German : Chotusitz ) is a village in the Kutná Hora District , Czech Republic .
Gornji Suhor pri Metliki ( pronounced ( ˈɡoːɾnji ˈsuːxɔɾ pɾi mɛˈtliːki ) ; German : Obersuchor bei Möttling ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Metlika in the White Carniola area of southeastern Slovenia , right on the border with Croatia .
The Visby lenses are a collection of lens - shaped manufactured objects made of rock crystal ( quartz ) found in several Viking graves on the island of Gotland , Sweden , and dating from the 11th or 12th century .
Ormož railway station ( Slovene : Železniška postaja Ormož ) is the railway station in Ormož , Slovenia , which lies on the left bank of the river Drava and borders with Croatia on that river 's opposite bank .
Zeugma Mosaic Museum , in the town of Gaziantep , Turkey , is the biggest mosaic museum on the world , containing 1700m2 of mosaics .
The Municipality of Rogatec ( Slovene : Občina Rogatec ) is a municipality in eastern Slovenia , on the border with Croatia .
Hîrjău ( Ukrainian : Єржово , Yerzhovo , Russian : Ержово ) is a commune in the Rîbnița District of Transnistria , Moldova .
Wanstead High School ( WHS ) , formerly Wanstead County High School , is a co - educational , non - denominational , comprehensive secondary school in Wanstead , London , United Kingdom .
Lhota ( Kladno District ) is a village and municipality in Kladno District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic .
The Henry Lawson High School ( THLHS ) is located in Grenfell , a country town in the mid - west of New South Wales , Australia .
Stepanavan Airport ( ICAO : UDLS ) is a civil airport serving the city of Stepanavan and the province of Lori , in the country of Armenia .
Katanga TV Tower is a tower located at Jabalpur in Madhya Pradesh , India .
Piotry ( ˈpjɔtrɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miedzichowo , within Nowy Tomyśl County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
The Port of Geelong is located on the shores of Corio Bay at Geelong , Victoria , Australia .
Allégade ( lit . `` Avenue Street '' ) is the oldest street in the Frederiksberg district of Copenhagen , Denmark .
Hucisko - Bania ( xuˈt͡ɕiskɔ ˈbaɲa ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Słupia , within Końskie County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Arabbabirkhanly is a village in the Salyan Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Quiberon ( Breton : Kiberen ) is a commune in the Morbihan department in Brittany in western France .
Lernanist ( Armenian : Լեռնանիստ , also Romanized as Lerrnanist ; formerly , Verin Akhta and Verkhnyaya Akhta ) is a town in the Kotayk Province of Armenia .
The Achva Academic College is located on the seam line between the Negev desert and central Israel .
The Western Forest Complex , straddling two countries , Thailand and Myanmar , including 19 national parks and wildlife sanctuaries , is the main biodiversity conservation corridor of the region .
Xixerella ( Catalan pronunciation : ( ʃiʃəˈɾɛʎə ) , locally : ( ʃiʃeˈɾeʎa ) ) is an urbanization of around 20 houses in the La Massana parish of the principality of Andorra .
Dunedin North , also known as North Dunedin , is a major inner suburb of the New Zealand city of Dunedin , located 1.5 kilometres ( 0.93 mi ) northeast of the city centre .
Doha River is a river in southwestern Ethiopia .
Gulf of Patience ( Russian : Залив Терпения , Zaliv Terpeniya ; Japanese : 多来加湾 , Taraika wan ) is a large body of water off the southeastern coast of Sakhalin , Russia , between the main body of Sakhalin Island in the west and Cape Patience in the east .
Paras Nath Kushwaha College or PNK College , Achhua , Bihar , India is established in 1978 and affiliated under Magadh University .
Petra Jaya State Mosque is a new state mosque of Sarawak , located in Petra Jaya , Kuching , Sarawak , Malaysia .
Fener is a neighborhood midway up the Golden Horn within the district of Fatih in Istanbul , Turkey .
Gersloot ( West Frisian : Gersleat ) is a small village in Heerenveen in the province of Friesland , the Netherlands .
Naihati is a town and an important railway junction station on the Indian Railways network , in the district of North 24 Parganas , West Bengal , India .
Kwiatonowice ( kfjatɔnɔˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gorlice , within Gorlice County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
The Santa Ana Volcano or Ilamatepec ( Spanish : volcán de Santa Ana ) is a large stratovolcano located in the Santa Ana department of El Salvador .
Pasand Khan ( Persian : پسندخان‎ , also Romanized as Pasand Khān ) is a village in Dust Mohammad Rural District , in the Central District of Hirmand County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Tuchoměřice is a village in the Czech Republic , located near Prague in the Prague - West District of the Central Bohemian Region .
Wilków - Kolonia ( ˈvilkuf kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wilków , within Opole Lubelskie County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Deemed one of the Seven Wonders of Russia , the Manpupuner rock formations are a very popular attraction in Russia , though not well known internationally and relatively unspoiled by tourism .
The Danish School of Media and Journalism ( Danish language : Danmarks Medie- og Journalisthøjskole ) or DMJX is a higher educational institution located in Aarhus , Denmark .
Jørgen Olufsen 's House ( Danish : Jørgen Olufsen 's Gård ) is located in Aalborg , Denmark .
Kannamkulangara / Kannankulangara is a desam ( area ) in the Southern part of Thrissur which is a part of OR intersected with Koorkenchery ; in Kerala state , South India .
Bjelašnica ( pronounced ( bjělaːʃnit͡sa ) ) is a mountain in central Bosnia and Herzegovina .
The Alfred River is a river in New Zealand 's Tasman region .
Dugna ( Russian : Дугна́ ) is an urban locality ( a settlement ) in Ferzikovsky District of Kaluga Oblast , Russia , located on the left bank of the Dugna River , 18 kilometers ( 11 mi ) from Ferzikovo , on the main rail line between Kaluga and Tula .
Akuafo Hall otherwise referred to as the Hall of Excellence is the second Hall of residence to be established in the University College of the Gold Coast now University of Ghana .
Ankara University ( Turkish : Ankara Üniversitesi ) is a public university in Ankara , the capital city of Turkey .
The Frankfurt western stations were a group of three stations on the western edge of the former city walls of Frankfurt am Main , Germany between the modern Willy - Brandt - Platz , then the location of Gallustor ( Gallus gate ) and Taunustor ( Taunus gate ) .
Nuskova ( pronounced ( ˈnuːskɔʋa ) ; Hungarian : Dióslak , Prekmurje Slovene : Noskova , German : Rotterberg or Rottenberg ) is a village in the Municipality of Rogašovci in the Prekmurje region of northeastern Slovenia .
Yakutsk ( Russian : Якутск ; IPA : ( jɪˈkutsk ) ; Yakut : Дьокуускай , Jokūskaĭ , pronounced ( ɟokuːskaj ) ) is the capital city of the Sakha Republic , Russia , located about 450 kilometers ( 280 mi ) south of the Arctic Circle .
Laholm Bay Beach ( Sw . Laholmsbuktens strand ) is the longest sandy beach in Sweden .
The Red and Black Alliance ( Albanian : Aleanca Kuq e Zi ) is a nationalist political party in Albania .
Khun Tan Railway Station is a railway station on the Northern Line located in Lamphun Province , Thailand .
The Stade d'Angondjé is a stadium in Angondjé , a suburb of Libreville in Gabon .
The Swan River Colony was a British settlement established in 1829 on the Swan River , in Western Australia .
Andorsjøen ( Southern Sami : Aantesjaevrie ) is a lake in the municipality of Snåsa in Nord - Trøndelag county , Norway .
Ujué ( Uxue in Basque ) is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre , northern Spain .
Trondheim Sporvei was a municipally owned tram operator in Trondheim , Norway that existed between 1936 and 1974 .
Montenerodomo is a comune and town in the Province of Chieti in the Abruzzo region of Italy , southeast of Rome .
Oreanda ( Ukrainian and Russian : Ореанда ; Crimean Tatar : Oreanda ) is an urban - type settlement in the Yalta Municipality of the Autonomous Republic of Crimea , a territory recognized by a majority of countries as part of Ukraine and annexed by Russia as the Republic of Crimea .
Viking Line is a Finnish shipping company that operates a fleet of ferries and cruiseferries between Finland , the Åland Islands , Sweden and Estonia .
Ahmad Salar - e Kalat Tayebi ( Persian : احمدسلاركلات طيبي‎ , also Romanized as Aḩmad Sālār - e Kalāt Ţayebī ; also known as Aḩmad Sālār ) is a village in Tayebi - ye Sarhadi - ye Sharqi Rural District , Charusa District , Kohgiluyeh County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Bahrain Telecommunications Company ( Batelco ) ( Arabic : بتلكو‎ ) is the principal telecommunications company in the Kingdom of Bahrain .
The Hiellen River is a river on Graham Island in the Queen Charlotte Islands of British Columbia , Canada .
The Autovía A-92 M is a local autovía in the community of Andalusia , Spain .
Nydam Mose ( `` Nydam Bog '' ) is an archaeological site located at Øster Sottrup , a town located in Sundeved , eight kilometres from Sønderborg , Denmark .
The Centro de Convenciones de Tampico ( English : Tampico Convention Center ) is an 8,500-seat indoor arena and convention center located in Tampico , Tamaulipas , Mexico .
Aran and Bidgol Brick Factory ( Persian : مجتمع كوره هاي اجرپزي آران وبيدگل‎ -- Mojtame`-ye Kūreh Hāy Ājorpazī - ye Ārān va Bīdgol ) is a village and company town in Sefiddasht Rural District , in the Central District of Aran va Bidgol County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Norderney is one of the seven populated East Frisian Islands off the North Sea coast of Germany .
Sharbithat ( Arabic : شربيتات‎ ) is a coastal town in Dhofar , Oman .
Dera Ghazi Khan railway station ( Urdu : ڈیرہ غازی خا ن ریلوے اسٹیشن ‎ ) is located at Dera Ghazi Khan , Pakistan .
Koleśnik ( kɔˈlɛɕnik ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Biały Bór , within Szczecinek County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Christiani & Nielsen is a construction contractor with major operations in Thailand and Southeast Asia .
Molumeh ( Persian : ملومه‎ , also Romanized as Molūmeh and Malūmeh ; also known as Mūlameh ) is a village in Deylaman Rural District , Deylaman District , Siahkal County , Gilan Province , Iran .
The Alzette ( Luxembourgish : Uelzecht , German : Alzig ) is a river with a length of 73 kilometres ( 45 mi ) in France and Luxembourg .
Taras Shevchenko University or officially the Taras Shevchenko National University of Kyiv ( Ukrainian : Київський національний університет імені Тараса Шевченка ) , colloquially known in Ukrainian as KNU ( Ukrainian : Київський національний універcитет - КНУ ) is located in Kyiv , the capital of Ukraine .
Platnirovskaya ( Russian : Платнировская ) is a rural locality ( a stanitsa ) in Korenovsky District of Krasnodar Krai , Russia .
Ak - Beyit Pass is a pass that links At - Bashi Valley and Arpa Valley in Naryn Province of Kyrgyzstan .
Lonjin ( Serbian Cyrillic : Лоњин ) is a village in Serbia .
Cetore ( pronounced ( ˈtseːtɔɾɛ ) ; Italian : Settore ) is a small village in the Municipality of Izola in the Littoral region of Slovenia .
Ugolnye Kopi ( Russian : У́гольные Ко́пи , lit . coal mines ) is an urban locality ( an urban - type settlement ) in Anadyrsky District of Chukotka Autonomous Okrug , Russia , located northwest of Anadyr , the administrative center of the autonomous okrug , on the opposite side of the Anadyr River .
Arkalgud , also known as Arakalagudu is a panchayat town and is one among the eight taluks of Hassan district in the state of Karnataka , India .
The Blyde River ( Afrikaans : Blyderivier , i.e. Glad River , or Motlatse River , i.e. Permanent River , or Umdhlazi River ) , is a river in the Mpumalanga and Limpopo provinces of South Africa .
The Grimaldi Forum in Monaco is a conference and congress centre located on the seafront of Monaco 's eastern beach quartier , Larvotto .
Sviatoshyn ( Ukrainian : Свято́шин , Свято́шино , Свято́шине ) is a historical neighborhood of Ukraine 's capital Kiev that is located in place of a former settlement which was included in the city back in 1919 .
The Indira Gandhi Canal is one of the largest canal projects in India .
Dražanj ( Serbian Cyrillic : Дражањ ) is a suburban settlement of Belgrade , the capital of Serbia .
Qar Qeshlaqi ( Persian : قارقشلاقي‎ , also Romanized as Qār Qeshlāqī ; also known as Qārī Qeshlāq ) is a village in Angut - e Gharbi Rural District , Anguti District , Germi County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Lonshi Mine is a copper mine in Katanga Province of the Democratic Republic of the Congo , to the southeast of Ndola , Zambia .
Poljane pri Mirni Peči ( pronounced ( pɔˈljaːnɛ pɾi ˈmiːɾni ˈpɛːtʃi ) ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Mirna Peč in southeastern Slovenia .
The Joaquin Antonio Uribe Botanical Garden of Medellín ( Spanish : Joaquin Antonio Uribe Jardín Botánico de Medellín ) , more simply known as the Botanical Garden of Medellín , is a 14-hectacre botanical garden in Medellín , Colombia .
Wielki Staw ( 1,225 metres ( 4,019 ft ) , Polish for The Big Pond ) - post glacial natural lake in the Krkonoše mountains , in western Poland .
Khurnejan ( Persian : خورنجان‎ , also Romanized as Khūrnejān ) is a village in Dorudzan Rural District , Dorudzan District , Marvdasht County , Fars Province , Iran .
Kottar ( Tamil : கோட்டாறு ) is a locality and a thriving bazaar area of Nagercoil , Tamil Nadu state , India ; though a part of Nagercoil today , it is the original town around which the city of Nagercoil , near the southernmost tip of Peninsular India , grew .
The Public Whip is a parliamentary informatics project that analyses and publishes the voting history of MPs in the Parliament of the United Kingdom .
The Scuola degli Albanesi is a building in Venice , northern Italy .
The Tullstorp Runestone is a Viking Age memorial runestone , listed as DR 271 in the Rundata catalog , that is located in Tullstorp ( Community of Trelleborg ) , which is about twenty kilometers east of Trelleborg , Skåne County , Sweden , and in the historic province of Scania .
The First Engineer Bridge ( Russian : Первый Инженерный мост , Pervy Inzhenerny most ) is one of several bridges that span the Moika River in Saint Petersburg , Russia .
Eshkowri ( Persian : اشكوري‎ , also Romanized as Eshkowrī , Eshkoori , and Oshkūrī ) is a village in Sefidar Rural District , Khafr District , Jahrom County , Fars Province , Iran .
The Daveys Bay is a small shallow bay of Port Phillip , located in Victoria , Australia .
Egtved is a village with a population of 2,282 ( 1 January 2014 ) near Vejle , Denmark in Vejle municipality in the Danish Region of Southern Denmark .
Noceda del Bierzo is a village and municipality in the region of El Bierzo ( province of León , Community of Castile and León , ( Spain ) ) .
Castelar Park ( Parque de Castelar ) is located in Badajoz , in Extremadura , Spain .
The Jeker ( Dutch , in French : Geer ) is a river in Belgium and in the Netherlands .
Siemkowice ( ɕɛmkɔˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in Pajęczno County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Lappeenrannan NMKY ( also known as LrNMKY for short or as Team Lappeenranta in European competitions ) is a basketball club based in a city of Lappeenranta , Finland .
Copilco was an important Mesoamerican ceremonial center , southwest of Mexico City , Mexico .
Sant'Agnello Maggiore , also called Sant'Aniello a Caponapoli or Santa Maria Intercede , is a church in the historical center of Naples , Italy .
Morweh District was one of the two original districts of Rivercess County , Liberia .
Osowno ( ɔˈsɔvnɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Borki , within Radzyń Podlaski County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Boulay - Moselle ( German : Bolchen ) is a commune in the Moselle department in Alsace - Champagne - Ardenne - Lorraine in northeastern France .
San Pedro de Guasayán is a municipality and small town located between Catamarca and Santiago del Estero in Argentina .
Silveh ( Persian : سيلوه‎ , also Romanized as Sīlveh ) is a village in Lahijan - e Gharbi Rural District , Lajan District , Piranshahr County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Hoçaz ( also , Hocaz , Gochaz , and Khochaz ) is a village in the Lachin Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Oknö is an island outside Mönsterås , Sweden , and the name of the only town located on the island .
Toradi ( also , Torady ) is a village and municipality in the Astara Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Crolly railway station served the hamlet of Crolly in County Donegal , Ireland .
The Somasila Dam is a dam constructed across the Penna River near Somasila , Nellore district , Andhra Pradesh , India .
Kalaat es Senam , Kalaat Senan , or Kalâat Snan ( Tunisian Arabic : قلعة سنان ) is a town in western Tunisia in the Kef Governorate .
Galatea Aerodrome ( IATA : N / A , ICAO : NZGA ) is a small airfield located 4 Nautical miles ( 7.4 km ) north northeast of Murupara township in the Bay of Plenty on the North Island of New Zealand .
Alon HaGalil ( Hebrew : אַלּוֹן הַגָּלִיל , lit . Oak of the Galilee ) is a communal settlement in northern Israel .
Castle Comfort is a community in Saint George Parish , Dominica .
Ovčar ( Serbian Cyrillic : Овчар , pronounced ( ɔ̌ʋtʃaːr ) ) is a mountain in western Serbia , near the city of Čačak .
Raseika ( Ukrainian : Расєйка , Raseika ; Russian : Рассейка , Rasseyka ) is a community within the territory of Prymorske , Tatarbunary Raion , Odessa Oblast , Ukraine .
Dotnuva is a small town with a 2003 population of 775 in central Lithuania , 10 km northwest of Kėdainiai , in the Kėdainiai district municipality .
Deh Beh ( Persian : ده به‎ ) is a village in Fathabad Rural District , in the Central District of Qir and Karzin County , Fars Province , Iran .
Pululagua ( alternate spelling : Pululahua ) is a dormant volcano in the north of Quito Canton , Pichincha Province , Ecuador .
San Jose del Monte National Trade School is a public secondary school in San Jose del Monte City , Bulacan , Philippines .
The Château du Grand - Saint - Jean is a listed chateau in Puyricard , Bouches - du - Rhône , France .
Khasadan - e Sofla ( Persian : خسادان سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Khasādān - e Soflá ; also known as Khasādān - e Pā’īn and Khasāden - e Pā’īn ) is a village in Machian Rural District , Kelachay District , Rudsar County , Gilan Province , Iran .
The Orto Botanico Forestale dell'Abetone ( 1.4 hectares ) is a botanical garden located in Fontana Vaccaia , Abetone , Province of Pistoia , Tuscany , Italy .
Assier is a French commune in the Lot department in the Midi - Pyrénées region of south - western France .
Pasumpahan is an island in the sub - district of Bungus , West Sumatra Province , Indonesia .
Reparje ( pronounced ( ˈɾeːpaɾjɛ ) ) is a small settlement in the upper part of the Cerkniščica Valley east of Begunje in the Municipality of Cerknica in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia .
Gregorio Luperón International Airport ( Spanish : Aeropuerto Internacional Gregorio Luperón ) ( IATA : POP , ICAO : MDPP ) , also known as Puerto Plata Airport , is located in Puerto Plata , Dominican Republic .
The Donghae Bukbu Line is a former railway line that connected the present - day city of Anbyon in Kangwon Province , North Korea , with Yangyang , Gangwon Province , South Korea .
Oslany ( Hungarian : Oszlány ) is a village and municipality in Prievidza District in the Trenčín Region of western Slovakia .
The Passage of Lodares ( Spanish : Pasaje de Lodares ) is a passage located in Albacete , Spain .
Macroom ( /mə.ˈkruːm/ ; Irish : Maigh Chromtha ) is a market town and civil parish in the barony of Muskerry West , County Cork , Ireland .
Central Prison Peshawar is a jail located in Peshawar in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa , Pakistan .
Lough Dan ( Irish : Loch Deán ) is a boomerang - shaped ribbon lake near Roundwood , County Wicklow , Ireland .
Estádio Manoel Schwartz , usually known as Estádio das Laranjeiras , is a historic football ( soccer ) stadium in Rio de Janeiro state , Brazil .
Różan ( ˈruʐan ) is a town in Mazovian Voivodeship , Poland , on the river Narew .
Beuron Archabbey ( in German Erzabtei Beuron , otherwise Erzabtei St. Martin ; in Latin Archiabbatia Sancti Martini Beuronensis ) is a major house of the Benedictine Order located at Beuron in the upper Danube valley in Baden - Württemberg in Germany .
The Araçuaí River ( Portuguese : Rio Araçuaí ) is a river of Minas Gerais state in southeastern Brazil .
The Baltic International Academy ( Latvian : Baltijas Starptautiskā akadēmija , Russian : Балтийская международная академия ) is the largest degree - awarding tertiary educational institution in Latvia teaching primarily in the Russian language and the largest non - government higher education establishment in the Baltic countries .
As of 2001(update ) India census , Khoirabari had a population of 8,703 .
The Chennai International Film Festival ( CIFF ) is a festival organised in the city of Chennai , India , by a film society , the Indo Cine Appreciation Foundation ( ICAF ) , with the support of the government of Tamil Nadu , the South Indian Film Chamber of Commerce and the Film Federation of India .
The International Douro Natural Park ( Portuguese : Parque Natural do Douro Internacional ) is one of the thirteen natural parks of Portugal .
The Gross Seehorn ( also spelled Großes Seehorn in German ) is a mountain of the Silvretta Alps , located on the border between Austria and Switzerland .
BTTC Centre is a Class A 12-story green building located at Ortigas Avenue corner Roosevelt Avenue , Greenhills , San Juan , Metro Manila , Philippines .
Yingge District ( Chinese : 鶯歌區 ; pinyin : Yīnggē Qū ; Pe̍h - ōe - jī : Eng - ko - khu ; literally : `` oriole song township '' ) is an urban district located on the Dahan River in southwestern New Taipei City in northern Republic of China ( Taiwan ) .
Szatmár County ( Hungarian : Szatmár vármegye ( ˈsɒtmaːr ˈvaːrmɛɟɛ ) ) was an administrative county ( comitatus ) of the Kingdom of Hungary .
The University of Education , Winneba ( UEW ) is a University in Winneba , Central Region of Ghana .
Sirindhorn Waterfall ( Thai : น้ำตกสิรินธร ) is a quasi - waterfall in Narathiwat Province , Thailand .
The Anglican Diocese of Moosonee is a diocese of the Ecclesiastical Province of Ontario of the Anglican Church of Canada .
Viborg Katedralskole is a public gymnasium ( secondary education school ) in Viborg , Denmark .
Stakis Hotels was a hotel company in the United Kingdom led by Sir Reo Stakis , headquartered in Glasgow .
Mitzpe Hila ( Hebrew : מִצְפֵּה הִלָּה , lit . Hila Lookout ) or simply Hila is a communal town in northern Israel .
The Chatham Memorial Arena is an ice hockey arena located in Chatham , Ontario , Canada .
The Centre Sportif Richard Bozon ( English : Richard Bozon Sport Centre ) is a multipurpose sport complex in Chamonix , France .
Västanfors Church ( Swedish : Västanfors kyrka ) is located in Västanfors in Fagersta Municipality in Västmanland County , Sweden .
Gorogaše ( Serbian Cyrillic : Горогаше ) is a village in the municipality of Ravno , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Třemošnice ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈtr̝̊ɛmoʃɲɪtsɛ ) ) is a small town in the Pardubice Region of the Czech Republic .
Paharpur Tehsil is an administrative subdivision ( tehsil ) of Dera Ismail Khan District in the province of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa , Pakistan .
Zarrin Derakht ( Persian : زرين درخت‎ , also Romanized as Zarrīn Derakht ) is a village in Khanmirza Rural District , Khanmirza District , Lordegan County , Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province , Iran .
Kiełczewek ( kʲɛu̯ˈt͡ʂɛvɛk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grzegorzew , within Koło County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Shet District ( Kazakh : Шет ауданы ) is a district of Karaganda Region in central Kazakhstan .
Hirakud Dam ( Odia : ହୀରାକୁଦ ବନ୍ଧ ) is built across the Mahanadi River , about 15 km from Sambalpur in the state of Odisha in India .
The Conrad Observatory is an underground geophysical research facility of the Central Institution for Meteorology and Geodynamics ( ZAMG ) in Austria .
Waipiro Bay is a small coastal settlement in the Gisborne District on the East Coast of the North Island of New Zealand .
Kiryonti ( Yaghnobi Кирёнтӣ ) is a village in western Tajikistan .
Kehtna Parish ( Estonian : Kehtna vald ) is a rural municipality in central Estonia .
Dywity ( dɨˈvitɨ ) ( German Diwitten ) is a village in Olsztyn County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Hätzingen is a village , and former municipality , in the municipality of Glarus Süd and canton of Glarus in Switzerland .
Upper Sûre National Park is located in the far northwest of the Oesling area of Luxembourg , and is primarily an area of conservation and a specially protected area for wild birds .
Jarabina ( Rusyn : Орябина , Oriabyna ; Hungarian : Berkenyéd ) is a village and municipality in Stará Ľubovňa District in the Prešov Region of northern Slovakia .
Kien An Airport ( Vietnamese language : Sân bay Kiến An ) is a military airport , a standby airport for Cat Bi Airport in Hai Phong , northern Vietnam .
Bokhtar District ( Tajik : Ноҳияи Бохтар / Persian : ناحیۀ باختر‎‎ ) is a district in Khatlon Province , Tajikistan , surrounding the provincial capital Qurghonteppa .
Godar Chiti ( Persian : گدارچيتي‎ , also Romanized as Godār Chītīand Godār Cheytī ) is a village in Asiab Rural District , in the Central District of Omidiyeh County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Gususan Library is a library located at Daegu in South Korea .
Rozprza ( ˈrɔspʂa ) is a village in Piotrków County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Thurnau is a municipality in the district Kulmbach , Germany .
The Mooney Mooney Creek , a perennial river that is part of the Hawkesbury - Nepean catchment , is located in the Central Coast region of New South Wales , Australia .
Sarby ( ˈsarbɨ ) ( German : Schreibendorf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przeworno , within Strzelin County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Mwanza is a mid - sized port city on the southern shores of Lake Victoria in northwestern Tanzania .
Lypky is the de facto government quarter of Ukraine hosting the builidngs of the Verkhovna Rada ( Parliament ) , Presidential Administration and Government ; ceremonial residences & hotels traditionally used by politicians .
Mari - Turek ( Russian : Мари́-Туре́к ; Meadow Mari : Марий Тӱрек ) is an urban locality ( an urban - type settlement ) and the administrative center of Mari - Tureksky District of the Mari El Republic , Russia .
Aleshtar ( Persian : الشتر‎ , also Romanized as Alashtar and Alishtār ; also known as Qal``eh `` Alishtār and Qal``eh Moz̧affari ) is a city in and capital of Selseleh County , Lorestan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 77,306 , in 12,033 families .
Rundēni parish ( Latvian : Rundēnu pagasts ) is located in a southwest of Ludza District in Latvia , borders on the Pildas , Nirzas , Lauderu and Istras parishes ( all : Ludza District ) , the Škaunes and Ezernieku parishes ( both : Krāslava District ) and the Kaunatas parish ( Rezekne District ) .
Steine Chapel ( Norwegian : Steine kapell ) is a chapel in the municipality of Nærøy in Nord - Trøndelag county , Norway .
The Palais Flemming - Sulkowski was a Baroque city mansion in Dresden , eastern Germany .
Okęcie ( Polish pronunciation : ( ˈɔkɛ̃tɕɛ ) ) is the largest neighbourhood of the Włochy district of Warsaw , Poland .
The Duvensee archaeological sites ( German : Duvenseer Wohnplätze ) are a series of early Mesolithic archaeological sites that are located within the Duvensee bog near Duvensee in Schleswig Holstein , Germany .
Cerska is a small town in the municipality of Vlasenica , Bosnia and Herzegovina located 12 kilometers from the town of Vlasenica itself and 11 km from the Serbian border .
Magdalena de Cao is a town in Northern Peru , capital of the district Magdalena de Cao of Ascope Province in the region La Libertad .
CFPR first aired in 1936 on AM 580 , as a private CBC Radio affiliate owned by Northwest Broadcast & Service Co. It moved to AM 1240 in 1941 ( see Canadian allocations changes under NARBA ) , and became a Trans - Canada Network affiliate in 1944 .
Mill Valley Ranch is a Christian Youth Camp in Tynong North , 70 km South East of Melbourne , Victoria , Australia .
ARTDOC ( Army Training and Doctrine Command ) consists of its headquarters , battle group and all the training institutions of the Bangladesh Army .
Mowtowr - e Fajr ( Persian : موتورفجر‎ ) is a village in Esmailabad Rural District , in the Central District of Khash County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Eskikarsak , Polatlı is a village in the District of Polatlı , Ankara Province , Turkey .
Bessieres Island is a small island off the Pilbara coast of north - west Australia .
The Big Krka River ( Slovene : Velika Krka , Hungarian : Kerka , Nagy - Kerka , Kerkás , Prekmurje Slovene Kerka , or Velka Kerka ) is a river of Slovenia and Hungary .
Wallendbeen is a small town in southern New South Wales , Australia , administered by Cootamundra Shire Council .
Csorna is a town in Győr - Moson - Sopron county , Hungary .
Chirag Gala , also spelled Çiraq Qala or Çirax Qala , which means lamp ( or light ) castle in Azerbaijani is a ruined ancient fortress overlooking the Caspian coastal plains north of Baku in Azerbaijan .
Eikenburg is an estate in the southern Netherlands , in the south of Rosmalen , North Brabant .
Bhattarika Temple is located on the Mahanadi River , in Sasanga village in the tehsil Baramba , ( formerly Athgarh ) , Cuttack district , India .
Babanka ( Ukrainian : Бабанка ) is an urban - type settlement in Cherkasy Oblast ( province ) of Ukraine .
Troianata ( Greek : Τρωιανάτα ) is a village and a community in the municipal unit of Argostoli , on the island of Cephalonia , Greece .
The Laeiszhalle ( German pronunciation : ( ˈlaɪsˌhalə ) ) , formerly Musikhalle Hamburg , is a concert hall in the Neustadt of Hamburg , Germany and home to the Hamburger Symphoniker .
Garavi ( Persian : گراوي‎ , also Romanized as Garāvī ) is a village in Kani Bazar Rural District , Khalifan District , Mahabad County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Barbizon is a commune ( town ) in the Seine - et - Marne department in north - central France .
The Estádio Ildo Meneghetti , familiarly known as Estádio dos Eucaliptos , was a football stadium located in the neighborhood of Menino Deus , in Porto Alegre , Rio Grande do Sul , Brazil .
Poggiorsini is a comune in the province of Bari and region of Apulia , southern Italy .
Incheon Football Stadium , another name for Sungui Arena Park , is a football - specific stadium in Incheon , South Korea .
Akdağmadeni ( Greek Ἀργυρίων , Argyríōn ) is a town and district in the Yozgat Province in the Central Anatolia region of Turkey .
The Tête de Chien ( Dog 's Head ) is a 450 m ( 1,476 ft ) high rock promontory near the village of La Turbie in the Alpes - Maritimes department of France .
Beginish ( from Irish : Beiginis , meaning `` little island '' ) is one of the Blasket Islands of County Kerry , Ireland .
The Goldfields Gas Pipeline is a 1,380 km natural gas transmission pipeline which transports natural gas from Carnarvon basin producers in the north - west of Western Australia to Kalgoorlie in the south - east of Western Australia .
The Fur Formation is a marine geological formation of Ypresian ( Lower Eocene Epoch , c. 56.0 - 54.5 Ma ) age which crops out in the Limfjord region of Denmark from Silstrup via Mors and Fur to Ertebølle , and can be seen in many cliffs and quarries in the area .
The Budderoo National Park is a 7,219-hectare ( 17,840-acre ) national park that is located in the Illawarra region of New South Wales , Australia ; situated approximately 99 kilometres ( 62 mi ) south southwest of Sydney .
Domaniowice ( dɔmaɲɔˈvit͡sɛ ) ( German : Mangelwitz ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żukowice , within Głogów County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Voetbalvereniging Sparta Nijkerk , is a football club from Nijkerk , the Netherlands .
Helsinge - Hallen is an indoor sports arena in Helsinge , Denmark , primarily used for handball .
Grotto de Lete is a protected area of Libya .
The Mount Victoria Tunnel in the New Zealand capital city of Wellington is 623 metres ( slightly more than a third of a mile ) long and 5 metres ( 16.4 ft ) in height , connecting Hataitai to the centre of Wellington and the suburb of Mount Victoria , under the mount of the same name .
The Borgu Game Reserve is a section of the Kainji National Park , in the Borgu Local Government Area of Niger State and Baruten Local Government Area of Kwara State , Nigeria .
Susāji parish ( Latvian : Susāju pagasts ) is an administrative unit of the Balvi District , Latvia .
The Bok House was an old mansion on Jalan Ampang in Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia .
Zardgah ( Persian : زردگاه‎‎ , also Romanized as Zardgāh ; also known as Zīāratgāh and Zīyāratgāh ) is a village in Kavir Rural District , Deyhuk District , Tabas County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Constitution River or commonly called `` The Careenage '' , is a river located along Carlisle Bay , on the south - western portion of Barbados .
Campo de Jogos do Pragal is the home soccer stadium of Almada Atlético Clube , a Portuguese sports club based in Almada , Portugal .
Koysary is a village in the Issyk Kul Province of Kyrgyzstan , east of Issyk Kul Lake .
Aşağı Mollu ( also , Ashagy - Mollu , Ashaga Molly , and Molly ) is a village in the Qubadli Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Mülsen is a municipality in Germany , Landkreis Zwickau in the Free State of Saxony .
Marcellaz - Albanais is a commune in the Haute - Savoie department located in the Rhône - Alpes region in south - eastern France .
Sidol ( pronounced ( ˈsiːdɔu̯ ) ) is a small settlement in the Tuhinj Valley in the Municipality of Kamnik in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia .
The Capela dos Ossos ( English : Chapel of Bones ) is one of the best known monuments in Évora , Portugal .
Blagoveshchensk ( Russian : Благовещенск ; IPA : ( bləgɐˈvʲeɕːɪnsk ) , lit . the city of good news ) is a city and the administrative center of Amur Oblast , Russia , located at the confluence of the Amur and Zeya Rivers , opposite to the Chinese city of Heihe .
Rustfontein Dam is a gravity type dam located on the Modder River near Thaba ' Nchu , Free State , South Africa .
Primča Vas ( pronounced ( ˈpɾiːmtʃa ˈʋaːs ) ; Slovene : Primča vas ) is a small village south of Ambrus in the Municipality of Ivančna Gorica in central Slovenia .
Karstadt 's strategy of offering fixed low prices in place of the still normal bartering was successful from the start as a result of which he had soon opened branches in 24 towns across Northern Germany .
Jalan Seri Medan ( Johor state route J35 ) is a major road in Johor , Malaysia
Ispra is a comune and small town on the eastern shore of Lake Maggiore , in the province of Varese ( Lombardy , northern Italy ) .
Owando Airport ( IATA : FTX , ICAO : FCOO ) is an airport serving Owando , a town in and the capital of the Cuvette Department in the Republic of the Congo .
Losenstein is a small village in the south of Upper Austria , Austria .
The lower boundary to the Erfurt Formation is the `` Lettenkohlensandstein '' in northern Germany and the `` Grenz - bone - beds '' in southern Germany .
Solec Kujawski ( ˈsɔlɛt͡s kuˈjafskʲi ) ( German : Schulitz ) is a town with 15,505 inhabitants and an area of 176 km² , situated 14 kilometres southeast of Bydgoszcz in Poland at 53 ° 4′N 18 ° 14′E. Solec Kujawski belongs to the Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship .
Qui Nhơn Airfield ( also known as Qui Nhơn Airport , Qui Nhơn Air Base or Qui Nhon Army Airfield ) is a former United States Air Force , United States Army and Vietnam Air Force airfield located in Qui Nhon in Binh Dinh Province , Vietnam .
Argungu is a city in Nigeria 's Kebbi State , situated on the Sokoto River .
Senno or Syanno ( Belarusian : Сянно , Russian : Сенно́ ) is a city in the Vitebsk Region of Belarus .
Khuruña ( Aymara for `` to eat greedily '' , hispanicized spellings Coruna , Coruña ) is a mountain in the Barroso mountain range in the Andes of Peru , about 5,453 metres ( 17,890 ft ) high .
Bollerup Church ( Swedish : Bollerups kyrka ) is a medieval Lutheran church located some 7 km ( 4 mi ) southwest of Tomelilla in southern Sweden , in the close vicinity of Bollerup Castle .
Czarna Dąbrówka ( ˈt͡ʂarna dɔmˈbrufka ) ( German : Schwarz Damerkow ; Kashubian : Czôrnô Dąbrówka ) is a village in Bytów County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Crans - Montana is a ski resort in southwestern Switzerland , in the heart of the Swiss Alps in the French - speaking part of the canton of Valais .
Stavseng Lighthouse ( Norwegian : Stavseng fyr ) is a coastal lighthouse located in municipality of Kragerø , Telemark , Norway .
Altenstadt Air Base ( German : Heeresflugplatz Altenstadt , ICAO : ETHA ) is located approximately 1.3 kilometres ( 0.81 mi ) northeast of the Upper Bavarian municipality of Altenstadt , Bavaria , Germany .
Otompan ( Nahuatl for `` place of Otomis '' ) or Otumba ( the Spanish version of the name ) was a pre - Columbian altepetl or city - state in the upper Teotihuacan Valley ( now in Mexico ) .
Mallı ( also , Mallyshykhly ) is a village in the Goychay Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Javnik ( pronounced ( ˈjaːu̯nik ) ) is a settlement in the hills above the left bank of the Drava River in the Municipality of Podvelka in Slovenia .
Juskatla is a settlement on Juskatla Inlet , a sidewater off the southern end of Masset Inlet on Graham Island , the largest and northernmost of the Queen Charlotte Islands on the North Coast of British Columbia , Canada .
The Canarian Parliament is the regional legislature of the Canary Islands , an autonomous community of Spain .
Montreal West High School was a school located in Montreal West , Quebec , Canada , H4X 1L4 which operated from 1894 until 1983 when it was merged into Royal West Academy .
Wipławki ( vʲiˈpwafkʲi ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bartoszyce , within Bartoszyce County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland , close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia .
Siewierz ( ˈɕɛvʲɛʂ ) ( German : Sewerien ) is a town in the Silesian Voivodeship in Poland .
Tel Aviv Central Bus Station , known as the New Central Bus Station ( HaTaħaná HaMerkazít HaĦadašá ) , is the main bus station of Tel Aviv , Israel .
Chah - e Dasht Mohammad Khan 7 ( Persian : چاه دشت محمدخان 7‎ , also Romanized as Chāh - e Dasht Moḩammad Khān 7 ) is a village in Sahra Rural District , Anabad District , Bardaskan County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Radio Bío - Bío is a ( mostly ) news Chilean radio with broad coverage in Chile .
Kaitoke , part of Upper Hutt City , is a locality in the southern North Island of New Zealand .
Huayllán District is one of 4 districts in the Pomabamba Province of the Ancash Region in Peru .
The Canadian Public Accountability Board ( abbreviated CPAB ) is a federal agency which oversees Canadian accounting firms which do auditing work , including leading firms such as BDO Dunwoody LLP , Deloitte LLP , Ernst & Young , Grant Thornton Canada , KPMG LLP and PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP , all of which audit financial statements of publicly traded companies .
Afif ( Arabic : عفيف‎ ʿAfīf ) is a city in central Saudi Arabia , in the Najd region .
In 1573 , during the Croatian and Slovenian peasant revolt , government forces led by podban ( deputy viceroy ) of Croatia , Gašpar Alapić , defeated rebels in a battle near Kerestinec .
Raasiku is a small borough ( alevik ) in Raasiku Parish , Harju County , Estonia , with a population of 1,210 ( 2011 Census ) .
Slieve League , sometimes Slieve Leag or Slieve Liag ( Irish : Sliabh Liag ) , is a mountain on the Atlantic coast of County Donegal , Ireland .
Skoganvarre Chapel ( Norwegian : Skoganvarre kapell ) is a chapel in Porsanger Municipality in Finnmark county , Norway .
Ciuchici ( Hungarian : Tyukó ) is a commune in Caraş - Severin County , western Romania with a population of 1,257 people .
Stuttgart 21 is a railway and urban development project in Stuttgart , Germany .
Mustafa Castle is a building of profound historical relevance located in Meerut , India .
Corso Buenos Aires is a major street in north - eastern Milan , Italy .
The Allensbach Institute , formally the Allensbach Institute for Public Opinion Research or Allensbach Institute for Public Opinion Polling ( German : Institut für Demoskopie Allensbach ) , is a private conservative opinion polling institute based in Allensbach , Baden - Württemberg , Germany .
Das Megaphon ( `` The Megaphone '' ) is a street newspaper sold by homeless in Graz and other cities in Styria , Austria .
Guadalajara International Airport ( Spanish : Aeropuerto Internacional de Guadalajara ) , officially known as Miguel Hidalgo y Costilla Guadalajara International Airport ( Spanish : Aeropuerto Internacional de Guadalajara Miguel Hidalgo y Costilla ) ( IATA : GDL , ICAO : MMGL ) , is the main airport of Mexico 's second - largest city Guadalajara .
The Zselicszentjakab Abbey was a Benedictine monastery established at Zselicszentjakab ( now Kaposszentjakab ) in Somogy County in the Kingdom of Hungary in 1061 .
Olešče ( pronounced ( ɔˈleːʃtʃɛ ) ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Laško in eastern Slovenia .
Plitvički Vrh ( pronounced ( pliˈtʋiːtʃki ˈʋəɾx ) ) is a dispersed settlement in the hills west of Gornja Radgona in northeastern Slovenia .
Barsebäck Golf & Country Club is a golf club located in Barsebäck , in the northern part of Metropolitan Malmö in the province of Skåne in southern Sweden , just by the Oresund strait .
Lago di Aviasco is an artificial lake above Valgoglio in the Province of Bergamo , Lombardy , Italy .
The Protestant church of Twijzel or Saint Peter 's church is a religious building in Twijzel , Friesland , in the Netherlands .
Al - Qadmus ( Arabic : القدموس‎ , also spelled al - Qadmous or Kadmus ) is a town in northwestern Syria , administratively part of the Tartus Governorate , located northeast of Tartus and 14 kilometers southeast of Baniyas .
Saihan District is ( Mongolian : ᠰᠠᠶᠢᠬᠠᠨ ᠲᠣᠭᠣᠷᠢᠭ Sayiqan toɣoriɣ ; simplified Chinese : 赛罕区 ; traditional Chinese : 賽罕區 ; pinyin : Sàihǎn Qū ) a district of Hohhot , the capital of the Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region , People 's Republic of China .
Holm Church ( Norwegian : Holm kyrkje ) is a parish church in Rauma Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county , Norway .
The German Thaya or Austrian Thaya ( German : Deutsche Thaya , Czech : Rakouská Dyje ) is a river in Lower Austria .
Badrabad - e Chahgavari ( Persian : بدرابادچه گواري‎ , also Romanized as Badrābād - e Chahgavārī ; also known as Badrābād , Badrābād - e Chegūrī , and Bāqerābād ) is a village in Gonbaki Rural District , Gonbaki District , Rigan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Hubei Institute of Fine Arts ( HIFA , simplified Chinese : 湖北美术学院 ; traditional Chinese : 湖北美術學院 ; pinyin : Húběi Měishù Xuéyuàn ; colloquially 湖美 , pinyin : Húměi ) is an art college in the People 's Republic of China ( PRC ) .
Mahmoudiyeh F.C. ( Persian : کلپ فوتبال محمودیه‎ ) is the first football team that was established in Afghanistan .
The Basketmakers ' Kiosk ( Turkish : Sepetçiler Köşkü ) , also known as Sepetçiler Palace ( Sepetçiler Kasrı ) , is a former Ottoman pleasure palace located on the southern shore of Golden Horn 's mouth at Sarayburnu in the neighborhood of Sirkeci in Istanbul , Turkey .
Jedlicze ( jɛdˈlʲit͡ʂɛ ) is a town in Krosno County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , Poland , with a population of 5,645 ( 02.06.2009 ) .
The Purdon Conservation Area supports Canada 's largest native colony of showy lady slipper orchids , some 16,000 plants .
Rander is a town in Surat district in the state of Gujarat , India , located on the bank of the Tapti River , 2 kilometres ( 1.2 mi ) from the city of Surat .
Kot Waris is a small village about 8 Kilometers from Ghakhar Mandi , Pakistan .
Abranovce ( Hungarian : Ábrány ) is a village and municipality in Prešov District in the Prešov Region of eastern Slovakia .
General Sir John Kotelawala Defence University ( KDU ) located at Kandawala , Ratmalana , Colombo , is a joint services academy where cadets of the three wings Sri Lanka Army , Sri Lanka Navy and Sri Lanka Air Force are trained before they go for their pre - commission training to their academies .
The Keating Government refers to the former federal Executive Government of Australia led by Prime Minister Paul Keating of the Australian Labor Party from 1991 to 1996 .
Paparis ( Greek : Πάπαρης ) is a village in the municipal unit of Valtetsi , Arcadia , Greece .
Kyusyur ( Russian : Кюсюр ; Sakha : Күһүүр ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) , the only inhabited locality , and the administrative center of Bulunsky Rural Okrug of Bulunsky District in the Sakha Republic , Russia , located 120 kilometers ( 75 mi ) from Tiksi , the administrative center of the district .
Ręczno ( ˈrɛnt͡ʂnɔ ) is a village in Piotrków County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Stallbron ( Swedish : `` The Stable Bridge '' ) is an arch bridge located in Gamla stan , the old town in central Stockholm , Sweden .
Bellville railway station is a railway station in the town of Bellville , Western Cape , South Africa .
Firhouse ( Irish : Teach Giúise ) is a suburb in South Dublin , Ireland , located just east of the River Dodder , Its Eircode routing code starts with D24 .
The 1995 European Athletics Junior Championships was held in Nyíregyháza , Hungary on July 27 - -30 .
Capalaba Park Shopping Centre is a regional shopping centre located in Capalaba , south - east of Brisbane , Australia .
Großer Rosennock ( 2,440 m ) is a mountain of the Gurktal Alps in Carinthia , Austria .
Mohammadabad - e Falah ( Persian : محمدابادفلاح‎ , also Romanized as Moḩammadābād - e Falāḩ ; also known as Moḩammadābād and Mohammadābād ) is a village in Kahduiyeh Rural District , Nir District , Taft County , Yazd Province , Iran .
Castello di Compiano is a castle in on the top of Compiano 's hill , in the province of Parma , northern Italy .
Nea Filadelfeia ( Greek : Νέα Φιλαδέλφεια , meaning New Philadelphia ) is a suburb of Athens , Greece .
Avivim ( Hebrew : אֲבִיבִים ) , is a moshav in the far north of Israel , in the Upper Galilee .
Bjuv is a locality and the seat of Bjuv Municipality , Skåne County , Sweden with 14 963 .
Dadli - ye Qazneyn ( Persian : دادلي قزنين‎ , also Romanized as Dādlī - ye Qazneyn and Dādlī - ye - Ghazneyn ; also known as Dādlī - ye Qarneyn ) is a village in Palizan Rural District , in the Central District of Maraveh Tappeh County , Golestan Province , Iran .
Kremenets ( Ukrainian : Крем'янець , Кременець , translit . Kremenets , Polish : Krzemieniec ) is a city of regional significance in the Ternopil Oblast ( province ) of western Ukraine .
Buenavista de Cañedo , officially Buenavista , is a town in the municipality of San Martín de Hidalgo in the state of Jalisco , Mexico .
Myrofyllo ( Greek : Μυρόφυλλο ) is a village and a former community in the Trikala regional unit , Thessaly , Greece .
Skwirynowo ( skfirɨˈnɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czernikowo , within Toruń County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Kalinovo is a small village in Poltár District , in the Banská Bystrica Region of Slovakia .
Bethlehem Airport ( ICAO : FABM ) is an airport serving Bethlehem , a town in the Free State province in South Africa .
The McGillicuddy Serious Party ( McGSP ) was a satirical political party in New Zealand in the late 20th century .
Pełch ( pɛu̯x ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Perlejewo , within Siemiatycze County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Besstrond is an area in Vågå , Norway , on a hillside between Nedre Sjodalsvatnet and Øvre Sjodalsvatnet .
Lesično ( pronounced ( lɛˈsiːtʃnɔ ) ) is a village in the Municipality of Kozje in eastern Slovenia .
Kirloskarwadi is an industrial township that developed around the Kirloskar Brothers factory in the Sangli district , in Maharashtra state , India .
Syriac Church of Mosul is a Syriac Orthodox Church Christian church in Mosul , Iraq .
Playa Lagun is a beach on the Caribbean island of Curaçao , located near the village of Lagun in the north - west of the island .
The Bucharest Botanical Garden ( Romanian : Grădina Botanică din Bucureşti ) , now named after its founder , Dimitrie Brândză , is located in the Cotroceni neighbourhood of Bucharest , Romania .
The Kunsthalle Zürich is a contemporary art exhibition centre in Zurich , Switzerland .
Lakeba Airport ( IATA : LKB , ICAO : NFNK ) is an airport in Lakeba ( pronounced ( laˈkemba ) ) , one of the Lau Islands in southern Fiji .
Kruglany ( kruˈɡlanɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kuźnica , within Sokółka County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland , close to the border with Belarus .
Tutuka Power Station in Mpumalanga , South Africa , is a coal - fired power plant operated by Eskom .
Palazzo Gherardi is a 15th - century building in the centre of Florence , Tuscany , in central Italy .
Gabrno ( pronounced ( ˈɡaːbəɾnɔ ) ) is a settlement in the hills immediately east of Laško in east - central Slovenia .
Oskelu ( Persian : اسكلو‎ , also Romanized as Oskelū , Eskaloo , and Eskalū ; also known as Iskyulyu and Osgelū ; also written as Üskülü ) is a village in Misheh Pareh Rural District , in the Central District of Kaleybar County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Aliabad - e Kohneh ( Persian : علي آبادكهنه‎ , Sorani Kurdish : عەلی ئاوای کۆنە، also Romanized as `` Alīābād - e Kohneh ) is a village in Palanganeh Rural District , in the Central District of Javanrud County , Kermanshah Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 150 , in 35 families .
International Urban Design Conference is an international event held in Australia dedicated to urban design .
Metro Hospital General is a metro station along Line 3 of the Mexico City Metro .
Gwangmyeong Station ( Hangul : 광명역 ) is a train station in Gwangmyeong , South Korea .
La Manchica is both a village and an area in the autonomous region of Murcia , in southern Spain .
Masinde Muliro University of Science and Technology , formerly Western University College of Science and Technology , is a public university in Kenya .
The Leibstadt Nuclear Power Plant ( German : Kernkraftwerk Leibstadt , KKL ) is located near Leibstadt , canton of Aargau , Switzerland , on the Rhine River and close to the border to Germany .
Bussana Vecchia is a former ghost town in Liguria , Italy .
Gelemso ( Ge'ez ገለምሶ ) is a town in eastern Ethiopia , in the western periphery of the highly networked mountain chain referred to by the natives as Fugug but by geographers as the Ahmar Mountains .
TV Klan ( Televizioni Klan ) is a private television channel with national coverage based in Tirana , Albania .
The Banana Alley Vaults are near the Flinders Street Station in Melbourne , Australia and extend onto the North Bank of the Yarra River .
Fluminense de Feira Futebol Clube , usually known as Fluminense de Feira , or just Fluminense are a Brazilian football team from Feira de Santana , Bahia , Brazil , founded on January 1 , 1941 .
Polonisz ( pɔˈlɔniʂ ) ( German : Polln ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Babiak , within Koło County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Korzunovo ( Russian : Корзуново ) is a rural locality ( an inhabited locality ) in Pechengsky District of Murmansk Oblast , Russia , located beyond the Arctic Circle at a height of 63 meters ( 207 ft ) above sea level .
The Saxby River is a river located in North West Queensland , Australia .
Ulaşlı Şıxlı ( also spelled Ulashlyshykhly ) is a village in the Goychay Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Mikkeli ( Swedish : S : t Michel official writing , short for Sankt Michel ) is a town and municipality in Finland .
Pali Village sometimes also referred as ( Pali Goathan ) is a small urban village in the Bandra suburb of Mumbai , India ( formerly Bombay ) .
Pšajnovica ( pronounced ( ˈpʃaːi̯nɔʋitsa ) ; in older sources also Pišajnovica , German : Pischainowitz ) is a small settlement in the Tuhinj Valley in the Municipality of Kamnik in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia .
Alisher Navoiy Secondary School ( Uzbek : Alisher Navoiy nomli oʻrta maktab , Алишер Навоий номли ўрта мактаб ; Kyrgyz : Алишер Навои атындаги орто мектеби ; Russian : Средняя школа имени Алишера Навои ) is a secondary school in Isfana , Kyrgyzstan .
Cairns Central Shopping Centre in north Queensland , Australia is Cairns ' biggest shopping centre .
Setniki ( sɛtˈniki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dołhobyczów , within Hrubieszów County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland , close to the border with Ukraine .
Sanjay Lake is an artificial lake developed by Delhi Development Authority ( DDA ) in Trilokpuri in East Delhi , India , adjoining Mayur Vihar II residential area .
The Rudolph Tegner Museum , dedicated to the oeuvre of the sculptor Rudolph Tegner , is set in the middle of a protected area just south of Dronningmølle on Zealand 's north coast , some 50 km north of Copenhagen , Denmark .
Ladalen Station ( Norwegian : Ladalen holdeplass ) is a disused railway station on the Nordland Line located in Trondheim , Norway serving the area of Lade .
Kobiele Małe - Kolonia ( kɔˈbjɛlɛ ˈmawɛ kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kobiele Wielkie , within Radomsko County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Helsingør Station is the principal railway station serving the city of Helsingør ( English : Elsinore ) , Denmark .
Sulik ( Persian : سوليك‎ , also Romanized as Sūlīk ; also known as Sūlak ) is a village in Dasht Rural District , Silvaneh District , Urmia County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Jelgava Gymnasium or Academia Petrina is the oldest higher educational establishment in Latvia .
The Macocha Abyss ( Czech : Propast Macocha , literally the Stepmother Abyss ) , also known as the Macocha Gorge , is a sinkhole in the Moravian Karst cave system of the Czech Republic located north of the city of Brno , near the town of Blansko .
The Patria Cinema , located at 12 - 14 Bulevardul Magheru , is among the best - known movie theatres in Bucharest , Romania .
Wonséaly ( also spelled Wonséably ) is a village in southwestern Ivory Coast .
The Garigal National Park is a protected national park that is located in the North Shore region of Sydney , New South Wales , in eastern Australia .
Rimba Secondary School ( SM Rimba ) is a government school located in Rimba Gadong , Brunei - Muara , Brunei .
Laulasmaa is a village in Keila Parish , Harju County , in northwestern Estonia .
Espu Kola ( Persian : اسپو كلا‎ , also Romanized as Espū Kolā ) is a village in Valupey Rural District , in the Central District of Savadkuh County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Vijjeswaram is a small town near the Godavari River in the Nidadavolu mandal ( revenue division ) of West Godavari district , Andhra Pradesh , India .
Murihiku is a Māori name describing a region of the South Island in New Zealand .
Cima Piazzi , Cima de ' Piazzi , del Piazzi or di Piazzi ( 3,439 m ) is the highest mountain of the Livigno Alps in Lombardy , Italy .
Fiumicino Aeroporto railway station , or Fiumicino Airport railway station ( Italian : Stazione di Fiumicino Aeroporto ) , is sited within the Leonardo da Vinci - Fiumicino Airport ( Italian : Aeroporto Leonardo da Vinci di Fiumicino ) ( IATA code : FCO ) in Fiumicino , Lazio , central Italy .
Viareggio ( Italian pronunciation : ( vi.aˈreddʒo ; vjaˈreddʒo ) ) is a city and comune in northern Tuscany , Italy , on the coast of the Tyrrhenian Sea .
The Prince of Wales Hotel is located in Waterton Lakes National Park in Alberta , Canada , overlooking Upper Waterton Lake , near the Canada - United States border .
Karuvannoor is a place in Trichur , Kerala , India bordered by Moorkanade and Kattoor .
Qerqiz ( Persian : قرقيز‎ , also Romanized as Qerqīz ) is a village in Kongor Rural District , in the Central District of Kalaleh County , Golestan Province , Iran .
Trzyrzecze ( tʂɨˈʐɛt͡ʂɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Suchowola , within Sokółka County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
The 2006 Copiapó mining accident occurred on January 20 , 2006 , when an explosion occurred in the underground Carola - Agustina copper mine in Copiapó , Chile after two trucks collided , covering the only escape route for the miners inside the mine .
Quchan ( Persian : قوچان‎‎ Qučān pronounced ( quˈtʃɑːn , ɢoˈtʃɒːn ) ; also Romanized as Qūchān and Quçan ; also known as Gochan ) is a city in and capital of Quchan County , in Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Biarritz Pays Basque Airport ( IATA : BIQ , ICAO : LFBZ ) , also known as Biarritz Airport or Biarritz - Parme Airport , is an airport serving Biarritz , France .
Långared Church ( Swedish : Långareds kyrka ) is a church in Långared , about 15 kilometres ( 9.3 mi ) north of Alingsås in Västergötland , Sweden .
The Kaema Plateau is a highland in North Korea .
İkinci Yalama ( also , Ikindzhi - Yalama , Rybnyy Promysel Yalama Nomer Vtoroy , Yalama Nomer Vtoroy , and Yalama Vtoraya ) is a village in the Khachmaz Rayon of Azerbaijan .
The Merowe Dam , also known as Merowe High Dam , Merowe Multi - Purpose Hydro Project or Hamdab Dam , is a large dam near Merowe Town in northern Sudan , about 350 kilometres ( 220 mi ) north of the capital Khartoum .
Agios Epiktitos ( Greek : Άγιος Επίκτητος ; Turkish : Çatalköy ) is a village in Cyprus , located 6 km ( 4 mi ) east of Kyrenia .
Cozes is a commune in the Charente - Maritime department in southwestern France in the region of Poitou - Charentes .
Het Zwartland is a hamlet of the village Zemst - Bos , in Flemish Brabant , Belgium .
Mazraeh - ye Jahangir Namdary ( Persian : مزرعه جهانگيرنامدارئ‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye Jahāngīr Nāmdāry ) is a village in Kuh Mareh Sorkhi Rural District , Arzhan District , Shiraz County , Fars Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its existence was noted , but its population was not reported .
Kosemin ( kɔˈsɛmin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zawidz , within Sierpc County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Cape Peron ( 32 ° 15′55``S 115 ° 41′10''E ) is a headland at Rockingham , at the southern end of Cockburn Sound in Western Australia .
The Locone is a river in the Apulia and Basilicata regions of southern Italy .
As Suqayyan is a small coastal village in the Lahij Governorate of south - western Yemen .
Papanui is a major suburb of Christchurch , New Zealand .
Bambio is a sub - prefecture and town in the Sangha - Mbaéré Prefecture of the south - west Central African Republic .
The Wasserschloss Wilkinghege is a country estate in Kinderhaus , part of the Westphalian city of Münster , Germany .
MSI ( Micro - Star International Co. , Ltd , Chinese : 微星科技股份有限公司 ) is a Taiwanese multinational information technology corporation headquartered in New Taipei City , Taiwan .
Silesian Opera in Bytom ( Polish : Opera Śląska w Bytomiu ) is an opera company in Bytom , Silesia , Poland which was founded in 1945 .
Preah Ko ( Khmer : ប្រាសាទព្រះគោ ) ( Khmer , The Sacred Bull ) was the first temple to be built in the ancient and now defunct city of Hariharalaya ( in the area that today is called Roluos ) , some 15 kilometers south - east of the main group of temples at Angkor , Cambodia .
Donja Rača ( Serbian : Доња Рача ) is a village in the municipality of Rača , Serbia .
Parc Gatineau Water Aerodrome , ( TC LID : CSD9 ) , is located on Lac des Loups , Quebec Canada and is open from May until October .
Shuswap Lake ( pronounced /ˈʃuːʃwɑːp/ ) is a lake located in south - central British Columbia , Canada that drains via the Little River into Little Shuswap Lake .
The Sogam - do , Daegam - do , Zung - do , Ae - do and Hyengzedo Islands Important Bird Area comprises a group of small islands , with a collective area of 18 ha , in the north - eastern Yellow Sea , lying close to the western coast of North Korea .
Khan Klub is a boutique hotel in Peshawar , Pakistan .
Mareau - aux - Prés is a commune in the Loiret department in north - central France , situated 13 km south west of the city of Orléans .
Tegucigalpa ( Spanish pronunciation : ( teɣusiˈɣalpa ) , formally Tegucigalpa , Municipality of the Central District Spanish : Tegucigalpa , Municipio del Distrito Central or Tegucigalpa , M.D.C. ) , commonly referred to as Tegus , is the capital of Honduras and seat of government of the Republic , along with its twin sister Comayagüela .
Qeshlaq - e Khurasha - ye Sofla ( Persian : قشلاق خورشاسفلي‎ , also Romanized as Qeshlāq - e Khūrāshā - ye Soflá ; also known as Qeshlāq - e Khūrāshā ) is a village in Dizmar - e Markazi Rural District , Kharvana District , Varzaqan County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Kaunas Castle is a medieval castle situated in Kaunas , the second - largest city in Lithuania .
Tangkrogen ( lit . : The Kelp - nook ) is a public park in Aarhus , Denmark .
Podlesje ( pronounced ( pɔˈdleːsjɛ ) ; German : Verdreng ) is an abandoned settlement in the Municipality of Kočevje in southern Slovenia .
SamLogic was founded 1992 in Stockholm , Sweden ( where it also is headquartered ) , and the company has since then developed software for the Windows operating system .
Transnet National Ports Authority ( NPA ) is a government corporation of South Africa and division of Transnet , responsible for managing and governing seven of South Africa 's major seaports .
Kalayaan Avenue is a major east - west route in Makati , Metro Manila , Philippines .
Chah - e Baneyli ( Persian : چاه بنيلي‎ , also Romanized as Chāh - e Baneylī ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Gonabad County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Angoulême ( French pronunciation : ​(ɑ̃ɡulɛm ) ; Occitan : Engoleime ( standard ) or ( locally ) Engoulaeme ) is a French commune , the capital of the Charente department , in the Poitou - Charentes region of southwestern France .
Jatti Pind is one of the 44 union councils , administrative subdivisions , of Haripur District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan .
Bölme is a belde ( town ) in the central district of Uşak Province , Turkey .
The Guamira River flows through Hato Mayor Province of the Dominican Republic .
The Yugorsky Peninsula ( Russian : Югорский полуостров ) is a large peninsula in Nenets Autonomous Okrug , Russia .
Sechelt Inlets Marine Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia , Canada , at various locations on Sechelt Inlet , Salmon Inlet and Narrows Inlet , near Sechelt ( Salmon Inlet and Narrows Inlet are side arms of Sechelt Inlet ) .
Franciscan Province of Bosna Srebrena ( also Bosna Argentina ; officially Latin : Provincia OFM Exaltationis S. Crucis - Bosna Argentina ) is a province of the Franciscan order of the Catholic Church in Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Cirque of the Unclimbables , located inside the Nahanni National Park Reserve , in the Northwest Territories , Canada , approximately 500 km ( 311 mi ) west of Yellowknife , is a cluster of peaks and walls in the Mackenzie Mountains Natural Region .
The Chaussée de Charleroi ( French ) or Charleroisesteenweg ( Dutch ) is a major street in Brussels , Belgium connecting the Place Stéphanie in the City of Brussels to the Ma Campagne crossroad in the municipality of Saint - Gilles .
The Women Sports Complex , is located in Block-3 , Gulshan - e - Iqbal , Karachi , Sindh , Pakistan .
Kingswood House School is a preparatory school in Epsom , Surrey in the United Kingdom .
Tambaram Sanatorium ( Tamil : தாம்பரம் சானடோரியம் ) is a locality between Chromepet and Tambaram , in Chennai , India .
Ust - Chizhapka ( Russian : Усть-Чижапка ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) in Kargasoksky District of Tomsk Oblast , Russia .
Ada Punga ( Urdu : ادا پنگا‎ ) is a town in the Federally Administered Tribal Areas of Pakistan .
Pucice ( puˈt͡ɕit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Goleniów , within Goleniów County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Grace Toronto Church is a Presbyterian Church in America congregation in Toronto , Canada worshipping in the historic St. Andrews Church building .
Santa Isabel do Pará is a municipality in the state of Pará in the Northern region of Brazil .
The Salikuit Islands are an uninhabited island group in the Qikiqtaaluk Region of Nunavut , Canada .
RAFO Thumrait air base ( IATA : TTH , ICAO : OOTH ) is a military airport located near Thumrait , a town in Dhofar Governorate , Oman .
Ayneh Bazar - e Mahtab ( Persian : اينه بازارمهتاب‎ , also Romanized as Ayneh Bāzār - e Mahtāb ; also known as Aeenehbāzār - e Mahtāb ) is a village in Tayebi - ye Sarhadi - ye Sharqi Rural District , Charusa District , Kohgiluyeh County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
The ACA ( Automóvil Club Argentino ) is Argentina 's largest automobile association .
El Maan is a town in the south - central Banaadir region of Somalia .
The Ritz - Carlton Jakarta is a hotel and skyscraper in Jakarta , Indonesia and 14th Tallest building in Jakarta .
Pochalla ( also Pochala , Pochella , Pachella ) is a town in South Sudan .
Dranova Island is an island in eastern Romania , in the southern part of the Danube Delta .
Vaabina is a village in Urvaste Parish , Võru County , in southeastern Estonia , located about 6 km northeast of the town of Antsla .
The Champasak Stadium or Champassack Stadium is a newly built football stadium in Pakse , Laos .
Arlanda Express is an airport rail link connecting Stockholm Central Station with the Stockholm - Arlanda Airport outside Stockholm , Sweden .
The Instituts universitaires de technologie or IUT ( translated as `` University Institutes of Technology '' ) are part of the university system in France .
Grand Cascade is a 4 metre high talus ribbon cascade waterfall found on private property ( with permission to access ) in Stoney Creek , Hamilton , Ontario , Canada .
Abbottabad District ( Urdu : ضلع ایبٹ آباد‎ ) also spelled Abbotabad is in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan .
Mowtowr - e Nur Mohammad Darkhashandeh ( Persian : موتورنورمحمددرخشنده‎ , also Romanized as Mowtowr - e Nūr Moḩammad Darkhashandeh ) is a village in Pir Sohrab Rural District , in the Central District of Chabahar County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Trei Stejari ( English : Three Oaks ) is a district near the center of Sibiu , Romania .
Mszaniec ( ˈmʂaɲet͡s ) ( German Saugarten ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kłodawa , within Gorzów County , Lubusz Voivodeship , in western Poland .
The São Paulo Shimbun ( サンパウロ新聞 Sanpauro Shinbun ) is a Japanese - language newspaper published in Liberdade , São Paulo , Brazil .
Qacha 's Nek is , since 1888 , the camptown ( capital ) of Qacha 's Nek District in Lesotho , only two kilometers from the South African border at 1,980 meters ( 6,500 ft ) above sea level .
Lund Airport ( Swedish : Hasslanda Flygfält ) ( ICAO : ESMN ) was an airfield located 2.5 kilometres ( 1.6 mi ) south of Lund , Sweden .
Zwiesel Kristallglas AG is a manufacturer of crystal glass located in Zwiesel , Germany .
Kodayanchi is the village located next to Vaniyambadi , Vellore district , Tamil Nadu , India .
Cheshmeh Dargah ( Persian : چشمه درگاه‎ , also Romanized as Cheshmeh Dargāh , Cheshmeh - ye Dargāh , Chashmeh Dargāh , and Cheshyeh Dargāh ) is a village in Japelaq - e Gharbi Rural District , Japelaq District , Azna County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Samokhvalovichi ( Belarusian : Самахва́лавічы , Russian : Самохваловичи ) is a village in Republic of Belarus , located in the Minsk Raion in the Minsk Voblast .
Mae Wong National Park ( Thai อุทยานแห่งชาติแม่วงก์ ) is a national park in Thailand .
Vwaza Marsh Game Reserve is a national game reserve in Malawi .
Wichorze ( viˈxɔʐɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stolno , within Chełmno County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Rawannawi is a settlement at the northern tip of Marakei , Kiribati .
Motala is a locality and the seat of Motala Municipality , Östergötland County , Sweden with 29,823 inhabitants ( 41,956 in the entire municipality ) in 2010 .
Bhiwani is a city and a municipal council in Bhiwani district in the state of Haryana , India .
West Point Island ( originally known as Albatross Island ; Spanish : Isla Remolinos ) is one of the Falkland Islands , lying west of West Falkland .
Team Idea 2010 ASD was a UCI Continental team founded in 2010 and based in Italy .
Huarong District ( simplified Chinese : 华容区 ; traditional Chinese : 華容區 ; pinyin : Huáróng Qū ) is a district of the city of Ezhou , Hubei province , People 's Republic of China .
Ísafjarðarbær is a municipality of Iceland in the Westfjords region , created in 1996 from Flateyrarhreppur , Ísafjarðarkaupstaður , Mosvallahreppur , Mýrahreppur , Suðureyrarhreppur and Þingeyrarhreppur .
Nowy Wiśnicz Castle - a castle located on a forested hill by the River Leksandrówka in the village of Stary Wiśnicz , Lesser Poland Voivodeship ; in Poland .
Vasalemma is a small borough ( Estonian : alevik ) in Harju County , northwestern Estonia .
Manipay or Maanippaai ( Tamil : மானிப்பாய் ) is an affluent town in the northern Jaffna District of Sri Lanka .
Soledad de Graciano Sánchez is the second - largest city of the state of San Luis Potosí in Mexico .
In 2013 , Sarajevo International Airport had 665,638 passengers which is more than all of the other airports in Bosnia - Herzegovina had together and a 14.7 % increase from 2012 , this is the highest number of passengers per year since the reopening of the airport .
Kodikuthimala ( Malayalam : കൊടികുത്തിമല ) also known as the Ooty of Malappuram is a hill station in the Malappuram district of Kerala in India .
Sodere is a spa town in central Ethiopia .
The Thorvaldsen Museum is a single - artist museum in Copenhagen , Denmark , dedicated to the art of Danish neoclassicistic sculptor Bertel Thorvaldsen ( 1770 - -1844 ) , who lived and worked in Rome for most of his life ( 1796 - -1838 ) .
Francisco Coloane Coastal and Marine Protected Area ( Spanish : Parque Marino Francisco Coloane ) is a national reserve of southern Chile 's Magallanes and Antártica Chilena Region .
Araschgen is a village near Chur in the Plessur district , Switzerland .
Heumen ( pronunciation ) is a municipality and a village in the eastern Netherlands .
The Central / North Black Forest Nature Park ( German : Naturpark Schwarzwald Mitte / Nord ) covers an area of 3,750 km² and is thus the largest nature park in Germany ( as at 2008 ) .
Strane ( pronounced ( ˈstɾaːnɛ ) ) is a small village below the eastern slopes of Mount Nanos in the Municipality of Postojna in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia .
Cheraghchi ( Persian : چراغچي‎ , also Romanized as Cherāghchī ) is a village in Soluk Rural District , in the Central District of Hashtrud County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Niemojew ( ɲɛˈmɔjɛf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lututów , within Wieruszów County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Theater Regensburg ( also known as the Stadttheater Regensburg , theatre of the city of Regensburg ) is a theatrical organization that produces operas , musicals , ballets , plays , and concerts in Regensburg , Germany .
Lake Calibato is one of the seven crater lakes collectively called Pitong Lawa or Seven Lakes of San Pablo in Laguna province in the Philippines .
Inga Airport ( ICAO : FZAN ) is an airport serving the town of Inga and the Inga dams in the Bas - Congo Province of the Democratic Republic of the Congo .
Strzelce - Kolonia ( ˈstʂɛlt͡sɛ kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Białopole , within Chełm County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Kujavče ( Cyrillic : Кујавче ) is a village in the municipality of Kakanj , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
La Romita is a small neighborhood located in the Colonia Roma section of Mexico City .
The Swedish Social Democratic Youth League ( Swedish : Sveriges Socialdemokratiska Ungdomsförbund , or SSU ) is a branch of the Swedish Social Democratic Party and the Swedish Trade Union Confederation in Sweden .
Fulianka ( Hungarian : Fulyán ) is a village and municipality in Prešov District in the Prešov Region of eastern Slovakia .
Dulova Ves ( Hungarian : Sósgyülvész ) is a village and municipality in Prešov District in the Prešov Region of eastern Slovakia .
The Vesuvius Observatory is the surveillance centre for monitoring the three volcanoes which threaten the Campanian region of Italy :
Wąsochy ( vɔ̃ˈsɔxɨ ) is a former settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Kępice , within Słupsk County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Toguchin ( Russian : Тогучи́н ) is a town and the administrative center of Toguchinsky District in Novosibirsk Oblast , Russia , located on the Inya River ( Ob 's tributary ) 125 kilometers ( 78 mi ) east of Novosibirsk , the administrative center of the oblast .
Vav Darreh ( Persian : واودره‎ , also Romanized as Vāv Darreh ; also known as Vāv Darreh Bozorg and Vāv Darreh - ye Bozorg ) is a village in Farim Rural District , Dodangeh District , Sari County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
The Hororata River is a river of Canterbury , in the South Island of New Zealand .
The Royal Palace of Aranjuez ( Spanish : Palacio Real de Aranjuez ) is a residence of the King of Spain , located in the town of Aranjuez , Community of Madrid , Spain .
Punkva is a 29-km long river in South Moravia , Czech Republic .
Fergburger is a hamburger restaurant located in Queenstown , New Zealand .
Shahrak - e Bangar ( Persian : شهرك بانگر‎ , also Romanized as Shahrak - e Bāngar ) is a village in Howmeh - ye Sarpol Rural District , in the Central District of Sarpol - e Zahab County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Kourou Monastiri ( Greek : Κουρού Μοναστήρι ; Turkish : Çukurova `` Çukurova '' , previously Kuru Manastır ) is a Turkish Cypriot village in the Nicosia District of Cyprus , located 8 kilometres ( 5.0 mi ) east of Kythrea .
Azar Khvaran ( Persian : آذرخواران‎ , also Romanized as Āz̄ar Khvārān ; also known as Ḩabībābād , Azākhvārān , Azākhvorān , and Azākhwarān ) is a village in Jarqavieh Vosta Rural District , Jarqavieh Sofla District , Isfahan County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
University of Paris - Seine is an association of universities and higher education institutions ( ComUE ) located in the region of Paris , France .
Hen Church ( Norwegian : Hen kyrkje ) is a parish church in Rauma Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county , Norway .
Cascas is a town in Northern Peru , capital of Gran Chimú Province in La Libertad Region .
The Fremantle Police Station complex ( incorporating the 1899 limestone former courthouse ) is a group of buildings located at 45 Henderson Street , Fremantle , Western Australia .
Vostaniyeh - ye Do ( Persian : وسطانيه دو‎ , also Romanized as Vostānīyeh - ye Do ; also known as Vosţānīyeh ) is a village in Darkhoveyn Rural District , in the Central District of Shadegan County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Sambisari is a 9th - century Hindu temple located at Sambisari hamlet , Purwomartani village , Kalasan , Sleman regency , Yogyakarta , Indonesia .
The Šargan Eight ( Serbian : Шарганска осмица , Šarganska osmica ) is a narrow - gauge heritage railway in Serbia , running from the village of Mokra Gora to Šargan Vitasi station .
Žlijeb ( Serbian : Жлијеб ) is a village in the municipality of Višegrad , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Hamburg - Nord ( Rough translation : Hamburg north ) is one of the seven boroughs of the Free and Hanseatic City of Hamburg , in north - western Germany .
Koh Rong ( Khmer : កោះរ៉ុង , also romanized as Kaôh Rōng or Kos Rong ) , is the second largest island of Cambodia .
Chillogallo is an urban parish of the city of Quito , Ecuador .
The Selva Zoque ( English : Zoque Forest ) , which includes the Chimalapas rain forest , is an area of great ecological importance in Mexico .
Santa Cruz da Serra is a neighborhood Brazil n state of Rio de Janeiro , located in the 3rd district of Duque de Caxias , 20 km from Petrópolis and 35 km from the city center , middle class and lower middle .
Celebrity Cooks was syndicated throughout Canada and the United States from 1980 to 1987 .
Monte Padrio is a mountain of Lombardy , Italy .
South Twin Peak is one of the two peaks that comprise the Twin Peaks massif located just northeast of the Columbia Icefield in Jasper National Park , Canada .
Jabłonowski Palace ( Polish : Pałac Jabłonowskich ) is a historical palace at the Theatre Square in the Śródmieście district of Warsaw , Poland .
Altengamme located in the Bergedorf borough of the Free and Hanseatic city of Hamburg in northern Germany , is a rural quarter on the right bank of the Elbe river .
Barm - e Shur ( Persian : برم شور‎ , also Romanized as Barm - e Shūr ) is a village in Mishan Rural District , Mahvarmilani District , Mamasani County , Fars Province , Iran .
Hammarö Municipality ( Hammarö kommun ) is a municipality in Värmland County in west central Sweden .
Tetas de Maria Guevara are twin hills located near Laguna de la Restinga in central Isla Margarita , Venezuela .
Samashki ( Russian : Самашки ; Chechen : Саьмаӏашка ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) in Achkhoy - Martanovsky District of the Chechen Republic , Russia , located on the western plains .
The Oban Hills are a range of hills in Cross River State , Nigeria .
The Horahora River is a short river of Northland , New Zealand .
Langballig ( Danish : Langballe ) is a municipality in the district of Schleswig - Flensburg , in Schleswig - Holstein , Germany .
Byczeń ( ˈbɨt͡ʂɛɲ ) ( German : Baitzen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamieniec Ząbkowicki , within Ząbkowice Śląskie County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Herzogstand Radio Station was a radio communication station built and operated from 1920 to 1946 on the Herzogstand mountain near the Kochelsee in Bavaria , Germany .
The Federal University of Ceará ( Portuguese : Universidade Federal do Ceará , UFC ) is a federal university with campuses in the cities of Fortaleza , Sobral , Barbalha , Russas and Quixadá , in the state of Ceará , Brazil .
Otry ( ˈɔtrɨ ) ( German Ottern ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kolno , within Olsztyn County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The Northern Districts Cricket Club ( `` Jets '' ) is a semi - professional cricket club in Adelaide , South Australia .
Dromnessund Bridge ( Norwegian : Dromnessundbrua ) is a bridge that crosses the Dromnessundet strait between the mainland and the island of Skardsøya in the municipality of Aure in Møre og Romsdal county , Norway .
Atme ( Arabic : اطمه‎ , also spelled Atma , Atima , Atmeh ) is a village in northern Syria , administratively part of the Idlib Governorate , located north of Idlib and just east of the border with Turkey .
Mijnatun ( Armenian : Միջնատուն ) ; formerly known as Ortachya , is a village in the Aragatsotn Province of Armenia .
The Vienna Art Orchestra was a European jazz group based in Vienna , Austria .
Umm Ruwaba , also Umm Ruwabah ( أم روابة , Ruaba and Umm Ruaba ) , is a city in the state of North Kurdufan in Sudan and is the capital of the Umm Ruwabah District .
Plogoff ( in Breton Plougoñ ) is a commune in the Finistère department of Brittany in north - western France .
Tartas ( Occitan : Tartàs ) is a commune in the Landes department in Aquitaine in south - western France .
Pacific Central Station in Vancouver , British Columbia , Canada is a railway station which acts as the western terminus of Via Rail 's cross - country The Canadian to Toronto and the northern terminus of Amtrak 's Cascades to Seattle and Portland .
Fynbos ( /ˈfeɪnbɒs/ ; Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈfɛi̯nbos ) meaning fine - leaved plants ) is a small belt of natural shrubland or heathland vegetation located on the Western Cape of South Africa .
The Liverpool Institute for Performing Arts ( LIPA ) is one of the United Kingdom 's leading institutions for performing arts .
Tarnoslivka ( Bulgarian : Търносливка ) is a village in Ardino Municipality , Kardzhali Province , southern - central Bulgaria .
Khadak Malegaon(खडक माळेगाव ) , Subdistrict - Niphad , District - Nashik , Maharashtra , India , 422304 .
The Château de Cléron is a 14th - century castle in the commune of Cléron , 25 km south of Besançon , in the Doubs département of France .
Nanak Wara ( Urdu : نانک واڑہ ‎ ) is one of the neighbourhoods of Saddar Town in Karachi , Sindh , Pakistan .
Ayabaca is a town in the highlands of the Piura Region in northwestern Peru , near the border with Ecuador .
Králický Sněžník ( Czech : ( ˈkraːlɪtskiː ˈsɲɛʒɲiːk ) ) or Śnieżnik Kłodzki ( Polish : ( ˈɕɲeʐɲik ) ) is a mountain in the Eastern Sudetes , located on the border between the Czech Republic and Poland .
Galashki ( Russian : Галашки ; Ingush : Галашкe ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) in Sunzhensky District of the Republic of Ingushetia , Russia , located on the left bank of the Sunzha River near the border with the Republic of North Ossetia--
The Kajang Hospital ( Malay : Hospital Kajang ) is a government - funded district hospital located in the eastern part of Kajang town in the district of Hulu Langat in Selangor , Malaysia .
The Salmeniko Castle ( Greek : Κάστρο του Σαλμενίκου , Kastro tou Salmenikou ) or Orgia or Oria Castle ( Κάστρο Οργιάς/Ωριάς , cf . Kastro tis Orias ) was a castle at the foot of Panachaiko mountain , in the modern municipality of Aigialeia , Achaea , Greece .
The Pandroseion was a sanctuary dedicated to Pandrosus , one of the daughters of Cecrops I , the first king of Attica Greece , located on the Acropolis of Athens .
The Anointed King / Beili Wang ( 被立王 ) is a Christian cult of Christian origin in the People 's Republic of China , which possibly had more than 100,000 members at its peak .
Batu Galing is an administrative village at Curup Tengah subdistrict , Rejang Lebong , Indonesia .
Zacatepec de Hidalgo ( Zacatepec from nahuatl Zacatl meaning grass and tepetl meaning hill , thus loosely meaning `` grassy hill '' ) is a town in the state of Morelos , Mexico .
Svanøya ( also called Svanøyna and Brulandet ) is an island in the municipality of Flora in Sogn og Fjordane county , Norway .
Abbot Pass has a stone hut , built in 1922 by Swiss guides working for the Canadian Pacific Railway , now maintained by the Alpine Club of Canada .
Pania della Croce is a mountain ( 1,858 m ) in the Alpi Apuane , in Tuscany , central Italy .
Karriere Bar is a bar and restaurant in the Meatpacking District of Copenhagen , Denmark , co - founded by Berlin - based , Danish artist Jeppe Hein in 2007 .
The Messner Mountain Museum or MMM is a museum project created by Italian mountaineer and extreme climber Reinhold Messner in South Tyrol in northern Italy .
Shenkani ( Armenian : Շենկանի ; until 1978 , Korbulakh , Korbulag , Kr'oyigegh , and K'yorbulagh ) is a town in the Aragatsotn Province of Armenia .
Troblje ( pronounced ( ˈtɾoːbljɛ ) ) is a settlement in the City Municipality of Slovenj Gradec in northern Slovenia .
Melounta ( Greek : Μελούντα , Turkish : Mallıdağ ) , is a village in the Famagusta District of Cyprus , located 9 km north of Lefkoniko , or Gecitkale , on the south side of the eastern Pentadaktylos mountain range .
Eindhoven Kemphanen is the professional ice hockey team of Eindhoven , The Netherlands .
The Koster Islands ( Swedish : Kosteröarna ) situated 10 km west of Strömstad , Sweden , comprises an archipelago surrounding the two largest islands , South Koster and North Koster .
Podbolesławiec ( pɔdbɔlɛˈswavjɛt͡s ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bolesławiec , within Wieruszów County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Isoko North is one of two Local Government Areas ( LGA ) in the Isoko region of Delta State , southern Nigeria -- the other being Isoko South .
Ruapuke is a small farming community ( predominantly sheep and cattle farmers ) in the Waikato region on the slopes of Karioi , between Raglan and Kawhia in New Zealand .
Josefa Camejo International Airport ( IATA : LSP , ICAO : SVJC ) , is the only airport serving Paraguana , Venezuela .
Ajama also known as Suq - El - Ajama or Rabu ' el - A'jama , Arabic : العجمة‎ ) is a village in the sub - governorate of Bariq in the province of Asir , Saudi Arabia .
The Wommen Viaduct is an arch bridge built between 1938 and 1940 near Wommen , Germany , as part of the Reichsautobahn system .
Dobrna ( pronounced ( ˈdoːbəɾna ) ) is a settlement in Slovenia .
Konc ( pronounced ( ˈkɔːnts ) or ( ˈkoːnts ) ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Laško in eastern Slovenia .
Stora Alvaret ( the Great Alvar ) is a limestone barren plain on the island of Öland , Sweden .
Koniecki - Rostroszewo ( kɔˈɲɛt͡ski rɔstrɔˈʂɛvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczuczyn , within Grajewo County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Torkeh Dari ( Persian : تركه داري‎ , also Romanized as Torkeh Dārī ; also known as Gurka - Derre , Turka - Dara , and Turka Darreh ) is a village in Qurigol Rural District , in the Central District of Bostanabad County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Federation Tower ( Russian : Башня Федерация ) is a complex of skyscrapers being built on the 13th lot of the Moscow International Business Center in Moscow , Russia .
Cafayate ( Spanish pronunciation : ( kafaˈʒate ) ) is a town located at the central zone of the Valles Calchaquíes in the province of Salta , Argentina .
Ballylanders ( Irish : Baile an Londraigh ) is a village in south County Limerick , Ireland .
Idstein Castle ( German : Burg Idstein ) , later the Renaissance style Schloss Idstein , is located in Idstein in the county of Rheingau - Taunus , Germany .
Wolf Rock Lighthouse is on the Wolf Rock , Cornwall , a single rock located 18 nautical miles ( 33 km ; 21 mi ) east of St Mary 's , Isles of Scilly and 8 nautical miles ( 15 km ; 9.2 mi ) southwest of Land 's End , in Cornwall , United Kingdom .
Dihika is a village in Asansol subdivision of Bardhaman district , West Bengal , India .
Aizawl ( English pronunciation : /aɪˈzɔːl/ ; Mizo : ( ˈʌɪ̯.ˈzɔːl ) ) is the capital of the state of Mizoram in India .
The Preston Mountaineering Club is one of the older mountaineering clubs in the United Kingdom .
Barvinkove ( Ukrainian : Барвінкове ) or Barvenkovo ( Russian : Барве́нково ) is a city in Kharkiv Oblast ( province ) of Ukraine .
Reguliersgracht is a canal in Amsterdam , Netherlands .
Mazraeh - ye Hajj Ali ( Persian : مزرعه حاج علي‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye Ḩājj ʿAlī ) is a village in Zefreh Rural District , Kuhpayeh District , Isfahan County , Isfahan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its existence was noted , but its population was not reported .
Silaka Nature Reserve is a nature reserve in Eastern Cape Province , South Africa , close to the town of Port St. John 's , and managed by Eastern Cape Parks .
The Wyndham Apollo Hotel Amsterdam is a four - star hotel on the Stadionweg and Apollolaan ( nl ) in the Apollolaan District of Amsterdam - Zuid , Netherlands .
Isenburg - Offenbach was the name of a state of the Holy Roman Empire , based around Offenbach and Neu Isenburg ( built by the counts in 1699 ) in modern Hesse , Germany .
Dash Band ( Persian : داش‌بند‎‎ , also Romanized as Dāsh Band ) is a village in Akhtachi - ye Sharqi Rural District , Simmineh District , Bukan County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Peshtera ( Bulgarian : Пещера Peštera ) is a town in southern Bulgaria .
Baliqiao Station ( Chinese : 八里桥站 ; pinyin : Bālĭqiáo Zhàn ) is a station on Batong Line of the Beijing Subway in People 's Republic of China .
Central Tapanuli Regency ( Tanapuli Tengahis in Indonesia ) is a regency in North Sumatra province , Sumatra , Indonesia .
Negombo ( Sinhala : මීගමුව ( ˈmiːɡamuʋə ) ; Tamil : நீர்கொழும்பு ( nir koɭumbu ) ) is a major city in Sri Lanka , on the west coast of the island and at the mouth of the Negombo Lagoon , in Western Province , Sri Lanka .
Chitipa is the capital of Chitipa District , Malawi and the birthplace of Malawian lawyer , politician , and philanthropist James Nyondo .
Arguin ( Portuguese : Arguim ) is an island off the western coast of Mauritania in the Bay of Arguin .
Kot Chibban is a small village in Azad Kashmir , Pakistan located within foothills of Himalayas and in the district and tehsil of Bhimber .
Friedensburg Castle ( German : Schloss Friedensburg ) is an early 16th - century castle overlooking the valley of the Sormitz at Leutenberg in southeast Thuringia , Germany .
Gori Ganga ( also Ghori Ganga and Gori Gad ) is a river in the Munsiyari tehsil of the Pithoragarh District , part of the state of Uttarakhand in northern India .
Hołny Majera ( ˈxɔu̯nɨ maˈjɛra ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sejny , within Sejny County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland , close to the border with Lithuania .
Les Escaldes ( Catalan pronunciation : ( ɫəz əsˈkaɫdəs ) , locally : ( lez asˈkaɫdes ) ) or briefly Escaldes is an urban area in Escaldes - Engordany parish , Andorra .
Old Erumai Vetti Palayam ( Tamil : பழைய எருமைவெட்டிபாளையம் ) , is a developing residential area in North Chennai , a metropolitan city in Tamil Nadu , India
The Tarascan Plateau ( Spanish : Meseta Tarasca ) , also Purépecha Plateau ( Meseta Purépecha ) , is a plateau and region in the Mexican state of Michoacán , in Southwestern Mexico The plateau begins at the southwestern foot of the Trans - Mexican volcanic belt .
Towdystan is an unincorporated settlement and First Nations community of the Dakelh people located northwest of Charlotte Lake in the western Chilcotin District of the Central Interior of British Columbia , Canada .
Czechów Kąt ( ˈt͡ʂɛxuf ˈkɔnt ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rejowiec , within Chełm County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
The Silverpeaks ( sometimes spelt Silver Peaks ) is an area of rough forest and tussock and scrub covered hill country inland and to the northwest of Dunedin , New Zealand .
Närsholmen is a peninsula and a nature reserve on the southeast coast of Gotland , Sweden , adjacent the village of När .
Shatabdi Express trains are a series of fast ( called superfast in India ) passenger trains operated by Indian Railways to connect Metro cities with other cities important for tourism , pilgrimage or business .
Jimaguayú ( Spanish pronunciation : ( ximaɣwaˈʝu ) ) is a municipality and town in the Camagüey Province of Cuba .
Monasteraden ( Irish : Mainistir Réadáin , meaning `` Redan 's monastery '' ) is a village in County Sligo , Ireland .
Theater Die Kleine Freiheit was a theatre in Munich , Bavaria , Germany .
Podrąbiona ( pɔdrɔmˈbjɔna ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Karsin , within Kościerzyna County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Khun Yuam ( Thai : ขุนยวม ) is a village and tambon ( subdistrict ) of Khun Yuam District , in Mae Hong Son Province , Thailand .
Ta Loas ( Khmer : ឃុំតាលាស់ ) is a khum ( commune ) of Moung Ruessei District in Battambang Province in north - western Cambodia .
The Bunak language ( also known as Bunaq , Buna ' , Bunake ) is the language of the Bunak people of the mountainous region of central Timor , split between the political boundary between West Timor , Indonesia , particularly in Lamaknen District and East Timor .
Derbyshki ( Russian : Дербышки ; Tatar : Cyrillic Дәрвишләр бистәсе , Latin Dәrvişlәr bistәsе ) is a residential area in the city of Kazan , the capital of the Republic of Tatarstan , Russia .
The Halifax Port Authority ( HPA ) is a port authority operating as a federally regulated Crown corporation of the Government of Canada .
Morgetshofsee is a kettle lake at Thayngen in the canton of Schaffhausen , Switzerland .
Benivar - e Sofla ( Persian : بنيوارسفلي‎ , also Romanized as Benīvār - e Soflá ; also known as Benvār - e Soflá , Bonvār - e Pā’īn , and Bonvār - e Soflá ) is a village in Jarahi Rural District , in the Central District of Mahshahr County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Vishram Ghat is a ghat , a bath and worship place , on the banks of river Yamuna in Mathura , India .
Vaemla ( German : Waimel ) is a village in Käina Parish , Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia .
Korela Fortress ( Russian : Корела , Finnish : Käkisalmen linna , Swedish : Kexholms slott ) , at the town of Priozersk , was founded by the Novgorodians to protect North Rus from Sweden .
Port Honduras Marine Reserve is a national protected marine reserve in the Toledo district of Belize .
Haft Kusk ( Persian : هفت کوسک‎ , also Romanized as Haft Kūsk ; also known as Hafkūshk and Haft Kūshk ) is a village in Golzar Rural District , in the Central District of Bardsir County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Huch'uy Milla ( Quechua huch'uy ( in Bolivia juch'uy ) little , milla instep , also spelled Uchuy Milla ) is a mountain in the Willkanuta mountain range in the Andes of Peru , about 5,300 metres ( 17,388 ft ) high .
Kolomyia or Kolomyya , formerly known as Kolomea ( Ukrainian : Коломия , Polish : Kołomyja , Russian : Коломыя , German : Kolomea , Romanian : Colomeea , Yiddish : קאלאמיי‎ ) , is a city located on the Prut River in the Ivano - Frankivsk Oblast ( province ) , in western Ukraine .
The Port of Albany is located within King George Sound on the south coast of the state of Western Australia , in the Great Southern region .
Połomino ( pɔwɔˈminɔ ) ( German : Podemin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dygowo , within Kołobrzeg County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
The Turkish Football Federation ( TFF ) , also called the Turkish Football Association , ( Turkish : Türkiye Futbol Federasyonu ; ) is the governing body of football in Turkey .
The Naga Hills , reaching a height of around 3,825 metres ( 12,549 ft ) , lie on the border of India and Burma ( Myanmar ) .
The Bangalore Football Stadium is a multi - purpose stadium in Bangalore , Karnataka , India , which hosts mainly football matches .
Hasanabad - e Pain ( Persian : حسن ابادپايين‎ , also Romanized as Ḩasanābād - e Pā’īn ) is a village in Baqeran Rural District , in the Central District of Birjand County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Alberta Greens , also known as the Green Party of Alberta , was a provincial political party in the province of Alberta , Canada .
Alodia 's location in modern Sudan rather than Egypt has also hampered excavations as the greater instability of that country has long hampered work .
Alfonso López Pumarejo Airport ( Spanish : Aeropuerto Alfonso López Pumarejo ) ( IATA : VUP , ICAO : SKVP ) serves as air terminal for the city of Valledupar , Colombia and as a small Colombian Air Force and Colombian Police air base .
Badalovo ( Ukrainian : Бадалово , Hungarian : Badaló ) is a village in Zakarpattia Oblast ( province ) of western Ukraine .
Lanester ( Breton : Lannarstêr ) is a commune in the Morbihan department in Brittany , in north - western France .
Saint Gregory the Illuminator Church ( Armenian : Սուրբ Գրիգոր Լուսավորիչ եկեղեցի , Surb Grigor Lusavorich yekeghets'i ) was an Armenian Apostolic church in Yerevan , Armenia , that was destroyed in 1939 .
Mylor Creek ( Cornish : Pol Scathow , meaning creek of boats ) is a tidal ria in south Cornwall , United Kingdom .
Slovak Paradise National Park ( Slovak : Národný park Slovenský raj ) is one of the nine national parks in Slovakia , situated in East Slovakia .
The Olenyok River ( Russian : Оленёк , sometimes spelled Olenek ) is a major river in northern Siberian Russia , west of the lower Lena River and east of the Anabar River .
Kumar Bajitpur is a village located in the Vaishali district of Bihar , India .
Etayo ( Basque : Etaio ) is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre , northern Spain .
Ocean Plaza or Ocean Plaza Mall ( Ukrainian : Океан Плаза ) is the second largest shopping mall and entertainment complex of Kyiv , Ukraine .
Donja Trešnjica ( Serbian Cyrillic : Доња Трешњица ) is a village in Serbia .
Słuczanka ( swuˈt͡ʂaŋka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gródek , within Białystok County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland , close to the border with Belarus .
Nemška Vas na Blokah ( pronounced ( ˈneːmʃka ˈʋaːs na ˈbloːkax ) ; Slovene : Nemška vas na Blokah ) is a small village immediately north of Nova Vas in the Municipality of Bloke in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia .
Port Lincoln Prison is an Australian prison located in Port Lincoln , South Australia , Australia .
Bandipur ( Devanagari बन्दीपुर ) is a hilltop settlement and a municipality in Tanahun District , ( Gandaki Zone ) of Nepal .
Janovice ( Polish : Janowice ) is a village situated in the foothills of the Moravian - Silesian Beskids mountain range , 6 km south - east from the town Frýdek - Místek and 5 km north - east from Frýdlant nad Ostravicí , Czech Republic .
Rạch Gốc is an urban municipality and town in the Ngọc Hiển District of Cà Mau Province , Vietnam , approximately 68 kilometres from Cà Mau city .
The Kluuvi shopping centre ( Finnish : Kauppakeskus Kluuvi ) is a shopping centre on Aleksanterinkatu in the Kluuvi district in central Helsinki , Finland .
Avenliq ( Persian : اونليق‎ , also Romanized as Āvenlīq and Avenlīq ; also known as Avīnlīq ) is a village in Tirchai Rural District , Kandovan District , Meyaneh County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Marousi or Maroussi ( Greek : Μαρούσι , also Αμαρούσιο Amarousio ) is a suburban city in the northeastern part of the Athens agglomeration , Greece .
The Pragser Wildsee , or Lake Prags , Lake Braies ( Italian : Lago di Braies ; German : Pragser Wildsee ) is a lake in the Prags Dolomites in South Tyrol , Italy .
Odessa City Hall is the city hall of Odessa , Ukraine , located at the junction of Primorskiy Boulevard , Chaikovskogo Lane and Pushkinska Street .
Ranjit Bagh is a village three miles ( 5 km ) north of city of Gurdaspur , India on Amritsar / Pathankot GT Road .
Fuentes de Carbajal ( Spanish pronunciation : ( ˈfwentez ðe karβaˈxal ) ) is a municipality located in the province of León , Castile and León , Spain .
Shimoaka Dam ( Japanese : 下赤ダム ) is a dam in Miyazaki Prefecture , Japan , completed in 1962 .
The South Fremantle Football Club , nicknamed the Bulldogs , is an Australian rules football club , based in Fremantle , Western Australia , playing in the West Australian Football League ( WAFL ) .
The Montreal Star was an English - language Canadian newspaper published in Montreal , Quebec , Canada .
The Odeon Tower ( French : Tour Odéon ) is a double - skyscraper currently being built in the Principality of Monaco .
Salim Chaf ( Persian : سليم چاف‎ , also Romanized as Salīm Chāf ; also known as Salīm Chāk ) is a village in Dehgah Rural District , Kiashahr District , Astaneh - ye Ashrafiyeh County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Byatarayanapura is a suburb of Bangalore city in the state of Karnataka , India .
Talakan Airport ( Russian : Аэропорт Талакан ) ( IATA : TLC , ICAO : UECT ) ( also Vitim or Poliarny ) is an airport in Yakutia , Russia located 105 km north - west of Vitim at the Talakan Oil Field .
Paglicci Cave is an archaeological site situated in Paglicci , near Rignano Garganico , Apulia , southern Italy .
Mszanowo ( mʂaˈnɔvɔ ) is a village in Nowe Miasto County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Boulon Forest is a protected forest in Burkina Faso .
The 2014 Zuiderduin Masters is a BDO / WDF darts tournament that took place in Egmond aan Zee , Netherlands .
Grm pri Podzemlju ( pronounced ( ˈɡəɾm pɾi pɔdˈzeːmlju ) ) is a small settlement on the left bank of the Kolpa River north of Podzemelj in the Municipality of Metlika in the White Carniola area of southeastern Slovenia .
The Col de Manse ( 1,268 m ( 4,160 ft ) ) is a mountain pass located in the Massif des Écrins approximately 9 km ( 6 mi ) north - east of Gap in the Hautes - Alpes department of France .
Central Sumba Regency ( Indonesian : Kabupaten Sumba Tengah ) is a regency in East Nusa Tenggara of Indonesia .
Ferunabad ( Persian : فرون اباد‎ , also Romanized as Ferūnābād , Farenābād , Farnābād , Farvānābād , Fir``aunābād , Firīnīābād , Forunābād Froonābād ) is a village in Ferunabad Rural District , in the Central District of Pakdasht County , Tehran Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 12,632 , in 3,027 families .
The Electoral district of Keysborough is an electoral district of the Victorian Legislative Assembly in Australia .
The Backstairs Passage is a strait in South Australia lying between Fleurieu Peninsula on the Australian mainland and Dudley Peninsula on the eastern end of Kangaroo Island ) .
Sheffield & District Law Society is one of the United Kingdom 's oldest and largest regional law societies .
The Hatyaiwittayalai School is a high school in Hat Yai , Songkhla Province , Thailand
Darbari - ye Dam - e Abbas ( Persian : داربري دم عباس‎‎ , also Romanized as Dārbarī - ye Dam - e ʿAbbās ) is a village in Doshman Ziari Rural District , in the Central District of Kohgiluyeh County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Dzeudji ( also spelled N'Zodghi ) is a village in south - eastern Ivory Coast .
The Letsibogo Dam is a dam on the Motloutse River in Botswana , built to initially provide water to the industrial town of Selebi - Phikwe and surrounding local areas , with potential for use in irrigation .
Stamford Road ( Chinese : 史丹福路 ) is a one - way road in Singapore within the planning areas of Downtown Core and Museum .
Stafholtstungnahreppur was formerly a rural parish ( hreppur ) in Mýrasýsla county , west Iceland , described as a `` typical farm parish '' .
South Yarra railway station is located in the south - eastern Melbourne suburb of South Yarra on the Pakenham , Cranbourne , Frankston and Sandringham lines in Victoria , Australia .
Tolniki Wielkie ( tɔlˈniki ˈvjɛlkʲɛ ) ( German : Tollnigk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kiwity , within Lidzbark County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Chempadu is a hamlet in Radhapuram Taluk , Thirunelveli District , Tamil Nadu , southern India .
Winnipeg Transit is the public transit agency in Winnipeg , Manitoba , Canada .
Człopa ( ˈt͡ʂwɔpa ) ( German : Schloppe ) is a city in Wałcz County of the West Pomeranian Voivodeship in northwestern Poland .
Noakhali Science and Technology University ( Bengali : নোয়াখালী বিজ্ঞান ও প্রযুক্তি বিশ্ববিদ্যালয় ) ( popularly known as NSTU ) is a newly established public university in the coastal terrain Noakhali of Bangladesh .
Furö is an island located in the Baltic Sea five nautical miles ( about 6 miles ) off the east coast of Oskarshamn in Sweden .
Macalayo is an island located between the town of Taft and Sulat in Eastern Samar , Philippines .
The Municipality of Trbovlje ( Slovene : Občina Trbovlje ) is a municipality in central Slovenia .
Mount Slaggard is the tenth highest peak in Canada and is located in Kluane National Park and Reserve .
Temirtau ( Kazakh : Теміртау / Temirtaw , Russian : Темиртау ) is a city in the Karaganda Region of Kazakhstan .
The Saldurbach ( Italian : Saldura ) is a stream located in South Tyrol , Italy .
Retje nad Trbovljami ( pronounced ( ˈɾeːtjɛ nat təɾˈboːu̯ljami ) , in older sources also Vretje ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Trbovlje in central Slovenia .
Selassie Lake is a lake in Thunder Bay District , Ontario , Canada , and the source of the Whitesand River which flows into Lake Nipigon .
Tall Armeni ( Persian : تل ارمني‎ , also Romanized as Tall Ārmenī and Tall Ārmanī ) is a village in Vardasht Rural District , in the Central District of Semirom County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Dolž ( pronounced ( ˈdoːu̯ʃ ) ) is a settlement in the hills southeast of Novo Mesto in southeastern Slovenia , close to the border with Croatia .
Mulli ( Quechua for Peruvian pepper tree , also spelled Molle ) is a mountain in the Cordillera Central in the Andes of Peru , about 5,000-metre ( 16,404 ft ) high .
Hökarängen metro station is on the green line of Sweden 's Stockholm metro , located in Hökarängen , Söderort .
The Yaque del Sur River is a river in the southwestern Dominican Republic .
Bahour ( Tamil : பாகூர் ) is a town , Commune , Taluk and Assembly Constituency in the Union Territory of Puducherry , India .
Rysiny - Kolonia ( rɨˈɕinɨ kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kłodawa , within Koło County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Pindari Kanda Traill 's Pass ( el . 5,212 m or 17,100 ft ) is a mountain pass through the Himalayas located between Nanda Devi and Nanda Kot peaks in the Uttarakhand state in the districts of Pithoragarh and Bageshwar in India .
Podmilačje ( Cyrillic : Подмилачје ) is a village in the municipality of Jajce , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Kaff al - Jaa ( Arabic : كاف الجاع‎ , pronounced Kāf al Jā ` ; also spelled Kaf al - Jaz ) is a village in northwestern Syria , administratively part of the Tartus Governorate , located northeast of Tartus .
Tribuswinkel is a town and cadastral commune in the district of Baden in Lower Austria in northeast Austria .
Drabiv ( Ukrainian : Драбів ) is an urban - type settlement located in Cherkasy Oblast ( province ) in central Ukraine .
Góra Świętej Małgorzaty ( ˈɡura ˈɕfjɛntɛi̯ mau̯ɡɔˈʐatɨ ) is a village in Łęczyca County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
The Royal Palace of Capodimonte ( Italian Reggia di Capodimonte ) is a grand Bourbon palazzo in Naples , Italy , formerly the summer residence and hunting lodge of the kings of the Two Sicilies , and was one of the two Royal Palaces in Napoli .
Uaipán - tepui , also spelled Waipán , is a tepui in Bolívar state , Venezuela .
Sundatty is one of the subdivisions of Yedakadu in south India .
The Ikaba area is situated in Namibia in the far east of the Caprivi Region in Kabbe Constituency .
Cyangugu Province is one of the 12 former provinces of Rwanda .
Vohenstrauß ( or Vohenstrauss ) is a town in Germany , located in the north - eastern part of the Bavarian region Upper Palatinate .
Halu Poshteh ( Persian : هلوپشته‎ , also Romanized as Halū Poshteh ) is a village in Mian Band Rural District , in the Central District of Nur County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
The Arboretum des Pouyouleix ( arboretumpouyouleix.com ) is a private arboretum specializing in oaks ( Quercus ) located in Saint - Jory - de - Chalais , Dordogne , Aquitaine , France , and open by appointment only .
Garlyk Sanctuary is a sanctuary ( zakaznik ) of Turkmenistan .
Lützelsee is a lake north of Hombrechtikon , Canton of Zurich , Switzerland .
Anna University is a technical university in Tamil Nadu , India .
Antosia ( Ukrainian : Антося ) is a village ( selo ) in Brodivskyi Raion , Lviv Oblast , in western Ukraine .
Zardughan ( Persian : زردوغان‎ , also Romanized as Zardūghān ) is a village in Peyghan Chayi Rural District , in the Central District of Kaleybar County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Chal Revegeh ( Persian : چال روگه‎ , also Romanized as Chāl Revegeh ; also known as Chāleh Revgar and Chāleh - ye Revgar ) is a village in Darreh Kayad Rural District , Sardasht District , Dezful County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
1787 Krisztina Téri Iskola a 220-year - old historic school in the I. district of Budapest , Krisztinaváros , Hungary ( in 2007 ) .
Kamina Air Base ( ICAO : FZSA ) is a military airport located near Kamina in the Democratic Republic of the Congo .
Vũ Quang is a remote forested region of Vietnam , in which several new species of deer and antelope have been discovered since the 1990s .
Namorik Airport ( or Namdrik Airport ) is a public use airstrip located at Namorik on Namorik Atoll , Marshall Islands .
Bziv ( Ukrainian : Бзів ) is a village in Baryshivka raion ( Baryshivskyi district ) of Kiev oblast ( Kyivska oblast ) , Ukraine .
Skoganvarre ( Northern Sami : Skuvvanvárri ) is a village in Porsanger Municipality in Finnmark county , Norway .
Koranit ( Hebrew : קוֹרָנִית , lit . Thyme ) is a communal settlement in northern Israel .
The Royal Aberdeen Children 's Hospital or RACH is a children 's hospital in Aberdeen ( Scotland ) , United Kingdom .
The Plose is a mountain in South Tyrol , Italy .
Wire Cache Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia , Canada , located 90 km northeast of Clearwater .
International Solomon University ( ISU ) is one of the leading non - governmental higher education institutions of Ukraine .
Gembloux 's Belfry belongs to the set of belfries of Belgium and France inscribed on UNESCO 's World Heritage List in 2005 .
The Kraków - Częstochowa Upland , also known as the Polish Jurassic Highland or Polish Jura ( Polish : Jura Krakowsko - Częstochowska ) , is part of the Jurassic System of south -- central Poland , stretching between the cities of Kraków , Częstochowa and Wieluń .
Tazeh Kand - e Qarah Bolagh ( Persian : تازه كندقره بلاغ‎ , also Romanized as Tāzeh Kand - e Qarah Bolāgh ; also known as Tāzeh Kand ) is a village in Ani Rural District , in the Central District of Germi County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
The Ba Vì mountain range ( tên nôm : Núi Ba Vì , tên chữ : Núi Tản Viên ) is a soil - limestone mountain range in Vietnam .
Évora District ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( ˈɛvuɾɐ ) , Portuguese : Distrito de Évora ) is located in Alentejo , in southern Portugal .
Baena is a town of Andalucia in the province of Córdoba in southern Spain .
Muradiye ( Armenian Berkri ( Armenian : Բերկրի ) ; Kurdish : Bêgirî‎ ) is a town and district in the Van Province of Turkey .
Sepidan County ( Persian : شهرستان سپیدان‎ ) is a county in Fars Province in Iran .
Sant'Anna di Stazzema , officially Sant'Anna , is a village in Tuscany in central Italy .
The Thăng Long Bridge ( Cầu Thăng Long , completed 1978 ) is a bridge in Hanoi , Vietnam , which connects the city with Noi Bai Airport .
Trians is a small village under the administration of Cancelo at Negreira , in the autonomous community of Galicia , Spain .
Gativan ( Persian : گتيوان‎ , also Romanized as Gatīvān ) is a village in Talang Rural District , Talang District , Qasr - e Qand County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Sarshekaf ( Persian : سرشكاف‎ , also Romanized as Sarshekāf ) is a village in Taraznahid Rural District , in the Central District of Saveh County , Markazi Province , Iran .
Usedom Abbey ( German : Kloster Usedom ) was a medieval Premonstratensian monastery on the isle of Usedom ( Western Pomerania , Germany ) near the town of Usedom .
Kondinskoye Airport ( Russian : Аэропорт Кондинское ) ( IATA : KXD , ICAO : USHK ) is a minor airport in Russia .
Dakshina Kannada is a coastal district in the state of Karnataka in India .
Malekayad ( Persian : ملک آياد‎ , also Romanized as Malekāyād ; also known as Malekābād ) is a village in Pachehlak - e Sharqi Rural District , in the Central District of Aligudarz County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
The Twistesee is a reservoir on the Twiste in the county of Waldeck - Frankenberg in North Hesse , Germany .
The National Awakening Party ( Indonesian : Partai Kebangkitan Bangsa , PKB ) is a moderate Islamic and a conservative political party in Indonesia .
Kaybani is an island located off the coast of the town of Dolores , Eastern Samar in the Visayas , Philippines facing the Pacific Ocean .
Nørrebro is one of the 10 official districts of Copenhagen , Denmark .
Surkamp ( Persian : سوركمپ‎ , also Romanized as Sūrkamp ; also known as Sūr Kamb , Sūr Kamb , Surkhum , Sūrkhūn , Sūrkhūnī , Sūrkomb , and Surkum ) is a village in Jahliyan Rural District , in the Central District of Konarak County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
The village of Ghorak ( also Ghowrak ) is the center of Ghorak District in Kandahar Province , Afghanistan .
Karłowiec ( karˈwɔvjɛt͡s ) ( German : Karlsberg ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mirsk , within Lwówek Śląski County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland , close to the Czech border .
The Dolní Žleb Ferry is a cable ferry across the Elbe river at Dolní Žleb in the Děčín District in the Ústí nad Labem Region of the Czech Republic .
Krahu i shqiponjës ( `` Eagle 's Wing '' ) is an Albanian national magazine that first appeared in the democratic post - communist period , in Tirana ( Albania ) , in 1995 , in progress of Bilal Xhaferri 's magazine , which was published in Chicago , USA .
The Philippine Health Insurance Corporation ( PhilHealth ) was created in 1995 to create a universal health coverage for the Philippines .
Engelsholm Castle , overlooking Engelsholm Lake , is located 14 km west of Vejle in south - western Denmark .
The Ministry of Intelligence of the Islamic Republic of Iran ( Persian : وِزارَتِ اِطّلاعات جُمهوریِ اِسلامیِ ایران Vezarat - e Ettela'at Jomhuri - ye Eslami - ye Iran ) is the primary intelligence agency of the Islamic Republic of Iran and a member of the Iran Intelligence Community .
Busówno - Kolonia ( buˈsuvnɔ kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbica , within Chełm County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Iere High School is one of five Presbyterian secondary schools in Trinidad and Tobago , and it is notably the only coeducational of the five .
Jamalabad - e Kuseh ( Persian : جمال اباد كوسه‎ , also Romanized as Jamālābād - e Kūseh ) is a village in Kalashtar Rural District , in the Central District of Rudbar County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Wittenburg is a town in the district Ludwigslust - Parchim in Mecklenburg - Vorpommern , Germany .
Banderas River ( Spanish : Rio Banderas ) is a river located in the southern part of the Ahuachapán Department of El Salvador .
Windhoek International School ( known locally as the International School or WIS ) is an independent , co - educational , international school located in Windhoek , Namibia .
Pura Ulun Danu Bratan , or Pura Bratan , is a major Shivaite and water temple on Bali , Indonesia .
Bukit Marak ( literally Shining Hill ) is a village in Bachok , Kelantan , Malaysia , located about 24 kilometres ( 15 mi ) south of the state capital Kota Bharu .
Brahmakulam is a census town in the Thrissur district in the state of Kerala , India .
Havlíčkův Brod ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈɦavliːtʃkuːf ˈbrot ) ) , Německý Brod until 1945 ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈɲɛmɛtskiː ˈbrot ) ; German : Deutschbrod ) is a town in the Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic .
Saint - Claude Cathedral ( Cathédrale Saint - Pierre , Saint - Paul et Saint - André de Saint - Claude ) is a Roman Catholic cathedral , and a national monument of France , located in the town of Saint - Claude .
Kandahar International Airport ( referred to by ISAF as Kandahar Airfield , KAF ) ( IATA : KDH , ICAO : OAKN ) is located 10 miles ( 16 kilometers ) south - east of Kandahar City in Afghanistan .
Harar - e Kalgah - e Shiraz ( Persian : حراركلگاه شيراز‎ , also Romanized as Ḩarār - e Kalgāh - e Shīrāz ; also known as Ḩarāreh Kalgāh - e Shīrāz ) is a village in Bakesh - e Yek Rural District , in the Central District of Mamasani County , Fars Province , Iran .
Brighton Secondary School ( formerly Brighton High School ) resides in Brighton , a beach suburb of Adelaide , South Australia .
Bad Gandersheim Airport is a German aerodrome located in Bad Gandersheim in the district of Northeim in Lower Saxony , Germany .
Qeshlaq - e Qara Khanlu ( Persian : قشلاق قراخانلو ‎ , also Romanized as Qeshlāq - e Qarā Khānlū ; also known as Kahlī Qarah Khānlū ) is a village in Qeshlaq Rural District , Abish Ahmad District , Kaleybar County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Port of Aarhus ( Danish : Aarhus Havn ) located in the city of Aarhus is a deep - sea port and the largest container port in Denmark with a national 50 % market share in container handling .
Barrio Suecia ( Spanish for `` Swedish neighborhood '' ) is a section of Santiago , Chile , centered on Calle Suecia ( `` Swedish Street '' ) , in the upscale Providencia municipality , which once included many pubs , discos and restaurants .
Wola Pieczyska ( ˈvɔla pjɛˈt͡ʂɨska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chynów , within Grójec County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Sankwala Mountains are a mountain range in Obanliku Local Government Area of Cross River State in Nigeria .
Oster ( Ukrainian : Осте́р , Russian : Остёр ) is a city located where the Oster River flows into the Desna in Chernihiv Oblast of Ukraine .
The Review of the National Innovation System was a process established in January 2008 by the Government of Australia and coordinated by an expert panel .
Ovrya ( Greek : Οβρυά ) is a town in Achaea , Greece .
Callaghan Innovation , a Crown Agency of New Zealand , has the task of making New Zealand business more innovative .
The Takaka River lies in the northwest of New Zealand 's South Island .
Maddilapalem is an area of Visakhapatnam , Andhra Pradesh , India .
Hesar - e Valiyeasr ( Persian : حصارولي عصر‎ , also Romanized as Heṣār - e Valīyeʿaṣr ) is a village in Hesar - e Valiyeasr Rural District , Avaj District , Buin Zahra County , Qazvin Province , Iran .
Al - Mushrifah ( Arabic : المشرفة‎ , also spelled al - Mishirfeh , el - Mishrife or Musharrfeh ) is a village in central Syria , administratively part of the Homs Governorate , located northeast of Homs .
Acico Twin Towers is a complex of two towers along Sheikh Zayed Road in Dubai , United Arab Emirates .
Asociación Continental Americana de Trabajadores was a Latin American anarcho - syndicalist trade union confederation , founded in Buenos Aires , Argentina , in 1929 ( other sources say 1928 ) .
Karipur ( also spelt Karippur ) is a locality in the Kondotty taluk of the Malappuram district of Kerala , south India , 25 km ( 16 mi ) from the city of Malappuram .
Peyghambar ( Persian : پيغمبر‎ , also Romanized as Peyghambar ; also known as Moḩammadābād - e Peyghambar and Moḩammadābād ) is a village in Manjilabad Rural District , in the Central District of Robat Karim County , Tehran Province , Iran .
Fengolo ( also spelled Fangolo ) is a town in north - western Ivory Coast .
Mila Rodino ( `` Мила Родино '' ( miɫɐ rɔdino ) , translated as `` Dear Motherland '' or `` Dear native land '' ) is the current national anthem of Bulgaria .
Siah Afshar ( Persian : سياه افشار‎ , also Romanized as Sīāh Afshār ; also known as Seyāfshād , Sīā Afshār , and Sīāfshū ) is a village in Garkan - e Shomali Rural District , Pir Bakran District , Falavarjan County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Abu ol Qiyefeh ( Persian : ابوالقيفه‎ , also Romanized as Abū ol Qīyefeh ) is a village in Shavur Rural District , Shavur District , Shush County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Ishkoshim Range , also Ishkashim Range ( Russian : Ишкашимский хребет ) , is a mountain range in Pamir Mountains in Tajikistan , in the extreme southwest corner of the Gorno - Badakhshan Autonomous Province ( Ishkoshim District ) .
Linguère is a town located in the Linguère Department , Louga Region of Senegal .
Metro Davao , officially called Metropolitan Davao ( Cebuano : Kaulohang Dabaw , Filipino : Kalakhang Dabaw ) , is a metropolitan area in the Mindanao island group , Philippines .
Nanadegan ( Persian : ننادگان‎ , also Romanized as Nanādegān and Nanādgan ; also known as Naneh Dagūn and Tanādegān ) is a village in Varzaq - e Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Faridan County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Pamparomas is a village in the Pamparomas District of the Huaylas Province in the Ancash Region of Peru .
Vasilivka ( Ukrainian : Василівка ; Romanian : Vaisal ) is a village in Odessa Oblast , Ukraine .
Kabalagala is a neighborhood in Kampala , the capital and largest city in Uganda .
The Bafing River runs through Guinea and Mali and is about 760 kilometres ( 470 mi ) long .
The Debla River is a river in the Pădurea Craiului Mountains of Romania .
The Protestant church of Drogeham or Saint Nicholas church is a church in Drogeham , Netherlands .
The Fave is a river in France in the eastern region of Lorraine .
Sde Tzvi ( Hebrew : שְׂדֵה צְבִי , lit . Zvi Field ) is a moshav in southern Israel .
Siderno ( Greek : Σιδέρνο Siderinò ) is a town and comune located in Calabria , Italy about 3 kilometres from Locri .
Aero Tropical , also known as Air Tropical , was an airline based in Angola .
Haćki ( ˈxat͡ɕki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk Podlaski , within Bielsk County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Kizia ( Ukrainian : Кіз'я ) is a village ( selo ) in Brodivskyi Raion , Lviv Oblast , in western Ukraine .
Davao Prison and Penal Farm ( formerly Davao Penal Colony ( DaPeCol ) ) was established on January 21 , 1932 in Panabo City , Davao del Norte , Philippines .
Chevery Airport ( IATA : YHR , ICAO : CYHR ) is located on the north - eastern shore of the Gulf of Saint Lawrence , Quebec , Canada in the town of Chevery .
Gudauri ( Georgian : გუდაური ) is a ski resort located on the southern slopes of The Greater Caucasus Mountain Range in Georgia .
Koraćica ( Serbian : Кораћица ) is a village situated in Mladenovac municipality in Serbia .
Nokhoroy ( Russian : Нохорой ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) , one of two settlements , in addition to Isit , in Bestyakhsky Rural Okrug of Isitsky District in the Sakha Republic , Russia .
The Daguragu Community is an Aboriginal community in the Katherine Region of the Northern Territory , Australia .
Kunchla is a town in central Nepal , approximately 100 kilometres north - west of the Nepalese capital Kathmandu .
Bazui ( Persian : بازوئي‎ , also Romanized as Bāzū’ī ; also known as Bārū’ī and Bāzūhā ) is a village in Ahram Rural District , in the Central District of Tangestan County , Bushehr Province , Iran .
Kladorub ( Bulgarian : Кладоруб ( kladoˈrub ) ) is a village in northwestern Bulgaria .
Gomtuiyeh ( Persian : گمتوييه‎ , also Romanized as Gomtū’īyeh ; also known as Gombatū’īyeh and Gonbatū’īyeh ) is a village in Bezenjan Rural District , in the Central District of Baft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Alipur Chatta railway station ( Urdu : علی پور چھٹہ ریلوے اسٹیشن‎ ) is located in Alipur Chatha city , Gujranwala district , Punjab province , Pakistan .
Widugiery ( viduˈɡʲɛrɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Puńsk , within Sejny County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland , close to the border with Lithuania .
Głuchów Dolny ( ˈɡwuxuf ˈdɔlnɨ ) ( German : Ober Glauche ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zawonia , within Trzebnica County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Yalinga is a town and sub - prefecture in the Haute - Kotto prefecture of the central - eastern Central African Republic .
Ghumauney Gewog is a former gewog ( village block ) of Samtse District , Bhutan .
Loma Bosa ( also known as simply Loma ) was one of the 77 woredas in the Southern Nations , Nationalities , and Peoples ' Region of Ethiopia .
Sekhukhuneland or Sekukuniland ( Afrikaans : Sekoekoeniland ) is a natural region in NE South Africa , located in the historical Transvaal zone , former Transvaal Province .
Cowan Cowan is a township on Moreton Island and a locality of the City of Brisbane , Queensland , Australia .
Cheshmeh Khatun ( Persian : چشمه خاتون‎ , also Romanized as Cheshmeh Khātūn ) is a village in Howmeh - ye Sharqi Rural District , in the Central District of Izeh County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
The Danish Wadden Sea Islands are a group of islands on the western coast of Jutland , Denmark .
Keelapavoor ( Keezhapavur - கீழப்பாவூர் is located in Tirunelveli District in Tamil Nadu State , India It is a town in Alangulam Taluk and is located at a distance of 12 km from Tenkasi and 14 km from Courtalam and 40 km from Tirunelveli
Kivaj ( Persian : كيوج‎ , also Romanized as Kīvaj ; also known as Gīvaj , Kavā , Kovā , and Kuva ) is a village in Ardalan Rural District , Mehraban District , Sarab County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Maribo Cathedral ( Danish : Maribo Domkirke ) is a Romanesque cathedral church in Maribo on the island of Lolland in the southeast of Denmark .
Hol Chan Marine Reserve is a marine reserve close to Ambergris Caye and Caye Caulker , off the coast of Belize .
The Federation of Russian Canadians is a left - leaning cultural organization for Russian immigrants to Canada and their descendants .
The Lofoi Falls ( also known as the Chutes Kaloba and the Chutes Lofoi ) is a waterfall in Kundelungu National Park , Katanga Province , Democratic Republic of the Congo and is one of the largest waterfalls in Central Africa .
Connoisseurs consider its Vino Nobile , which should not be confused with varietal wine merely made from the Montepulciano grape , among Italy 's best .
The greater part of the Danube Delta lies in Romania ( Tulcea County ) , while its northern part , on the left bank of the Chilia arm , is situated in Ukraine ( Odessa Oblast ) .
Chah - e Dimkaran ( Persian : چاه ديمكاران‎ , also Romanized as Chāh - e Dīmḵārān ) is a village in Kadkan Rural District , Kadkan District , Torbat - e Heydarieh County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Bærums Verk is a village in Bærum in Akershus , Norway , with a population of about 8000 .
The Clermont - Ferrand tramway ( French : Tramway de Clermont - Ferrand ) is a transit system located in the city of Clermont - Ferrand in the Auvergne Region of France .
Lake Rotoaira ( sometimes written Lake Roto - aira ) is a small lake to the south of Lake Taupo on the North Island Volcanic Plateau in New Zealand .
Kåbdalis is a small locality in the Municipality of Jokkmokk , Norrbotten County , Sweden , with 91 inhabitants 2005 .
Kazımlı ( also , Kyazymly ) is a village in the Tovuz Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Makran Coastal Highway is a 653 km - long coastal highway along Pakistan 's Arabian Sea coastline .
The Paléo Festival de Nyon , usually just called Paléo , is an annual rock festival held in Nyon , Switzerland , between Geneva and Lausanne .
Trebovljani ( Serbian : Требовљани ) is a village in the municipality of Gradiška , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Zełwągi ( zɛu̯ˈvɔnɡi ) ( formerly German Zellbongen or Selbongen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mikołajki , within Mrągowo County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Kennedy River Bog Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia , Canada , located on the south side of the Kennedy River , downstream from Kennedy Lake .
Olsztyn ( ( ˈɔlʂtɨn ) ( OL - sh - tin ) ; German : Allenstein ( listen ) ; Old Polish : Holstin ; Old Prussian : Alnāsteini or Alnestabs ; Lithuanian : Olštynas ) is a city on the Łyna River in northeastern Poland .
Grant Lyon ( Tamil : கிராண்ட் லயன் ) , is a developing residential area and suburban area in North Chennai , a metropolitan city in Tamil Nadu , India .
Lødingen Church ( Norwegian : Lødingen kirke ) is a parish church in the municipality of Lødingen in Nordland county , Norway .
Grodkowska Plain ( Polish : Równina Grodkowska ) is a micro - region covering the south - eastern part of the Wroclaw Plain in Poland , between the river Oława , Oder and Neisse Kłodzka ; in the region there are upland moraine , eskers , fertile soil , and agriculture .
Ohanavan ( Armenian : Օհանավան , also Romanized as Oganavan ) is a town in the Aragatsotn Province of Armenia .
The Shymkent Zoo ( Kazakh : Шымкент хайуанханасы ; Russian : Шымкентский зоопарк ) is the state zoo of the city Shymkent in Kazakhstan .
Igreja da Memória is a church in Ajuda ( Lisbon ) , Portugal .
Marcinkonys is a village in Varėna district , Lithuania , located south - east of Merkinė .
Tremore is a small hamlet in the parish of Lanivet in Cornwall , England , United Kingdom .
Coalmining in India first started in the Raniganj Coalfield .
Construction of the Seal Island Bridge began in 1960 as part of the Trans - Canada Highway project .
The Opalchentsi took an active part in the Second and Fourth Battle of Shipka Pass and after the end of the war went on to form Bulgaria 's army .
Houli Station ( Chinese : 后里車站 ; pinyin : Hòulǐ Chēzhàn ) is a railway station on the Taiwan Railways Administration ( TRA ) Taichung Line located in Houli District , Taichung , Taiwan .
Nariyapuram(നരിയാപുരം ) is a village in Vallicode Panchayat of Pathanamthitta district in Kerala , India .
Florentino Torres High School , commonly known as Torres High School ( THS ) , is located in Tondo , Manila , Philippines .
Lichte is a municipality in the district of Saalfeld - Rudolstadt in Thuringia , Germany , close to the Thuringian Rennsteig .
Issogne Castle is a castle in Issogne , in lower Aosta Valley , in northwestern Italy .
Lehavot HaBashan ( Hebrew : לְהֲבוֹת הַבָּשָׁן , lit . Flames of the Bashan ) is a kibbutz in northern Israel .
Wiamoase is a village in the Sekyere South district , a district in the Ashanti Region of Ghana .
Seh Tapan Salim ( Persian : سه تپان سليم‎ , also Romanized as Seh Tapān Salīm ) is a village in Jeygaran Rural District , Ozgoleh District , Salas - e Babajani County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Puke Ariki is a combined museum and library at New Plymouth , New Zealand .
Monemvasia ( Greek : Μονεμβασία ) is a town and a municipality in Laconia , Greece .
Alquyruq ( Persian : القويروق‎ , also Romanized as Ālqūyrūq ) is a village in Dizaj Rural District , in the Central District of Khoy County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Ganslernhang ( or Ganslern for short ) is a ski piste in Kitzbühel in Austria , on which the slalom events of the Hahnenkamm Races take place .
Allambie Reception Centre was a former reception , treatment , classification and transit centre for children admitted to the care of the Victorian Government in Australia .
Dédestapolcsány is a picturesque village in Borsod - Abaúj - Zemplén county , Hungary .
Ras al Hadd ( رأس الحد ) is a village in Ash Sharqiyah district in Oman .
Colmenar de Montemayor is a municipality in the province of Salamanca , Castile and León , western Spain , part of the autonomous community of Castile - Leon .
Bivane Dam ( formerly known as the Paris Dam ) is an arch type dam on the Bivane River , near Vryheid , KwaZulu - Natal , South Africa .
Philippolis is a small town in the Free State province of South Africa .
Montbron is a commune in the Charente department in southwestern France on the Tardoire river .
Glanworth ( Irish : Gleannúir , meaning `` yew valley '' ) is a village on the R512 regional road , 8 km northwest of the town of Fermoy in County Cork , Ireland .
Galów ( ˈɡaluf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Busko - Zdrój , within Busko County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Susukino Station ( すすきの駅 ) is a train station in Chūō - ku , Sapporo , Hokkaido , Japan .
Kızılcapınar Dam is an embankment dam on the Kızlar River Zonguldak Province , Turkey .
Decs is a village in Tolna County , Hungary .
The Ottawa Champions Baseball Club ( French : Les Champions d'Ottawa ) is a professional baseball team based in Ottawa , Ontario , Canada .
Estakhr - e Mian Sahra ( Persian : استخرميان صحرا‎ , also Romanized as Estakhr - e Mīān Şaḩrā ) is a village in Galehzan Rural District , in the Central District of Khomeyn County , Markazi Province , Iran .
Panay River is a river of the Philippines , draining a large portion of Panay Island in Western Visayas region .
Ghormach ( Pashto : غورماچ‎ ) or Ghowrmach is a village in Badghis Province in north western Afghanistan .
Kashir Mahalleh ( Persian : كشيرمحله‎ , also Romanized as Kashīr Maḩalleh ) is a village in Khvosh Rud Rural District , Bandpey - ye Gharbi District , Babol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Qalebi - ye Sofla ( Persian : قالبي سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Qālebī - ye Soflá ; also known as Qālebī ) is a village in Veysian Rural District , Veysian District , Dowreh County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Jelični Vrh ( pronounced ( jɛˈliːtʃni ˈʋəɾx ) ) is a dispersed settlement in the hills southeast of Idrija in the traditional Littoral region of Slovenia .
Solli plass , pronounced /su : li/ or /suli/ , /plas/ or /pɽas/ , also called Lapsetorvet , is a square in Oslo , Norway , located southwest of Slottsparken and the Royal Palace .
Flensjøen is a lake on the border of the municipalities of Røros in Sør - Trøndelag county and Os in Hedmark county , Norway .
The Biomedical Research Council ( Abbreviation : BMRC ; Chinese : 生物医药研究理事会 ) is a research council in Singapore , established in October 2000 .
Nam Nao National Park is a protected area in Nam Nao District , Phetchabun Province in northern Thailand .
Cabimas is a city on the shore of Maracaibo Lake in Zulia State in northwestern Venezuela .
German submarine U-795 was a Type XVIIA U - boat of Nazi Germany 's Kriegsmarine during World War II . U-795 was laid down on 2 February 1943 at the Friedrich Krupp Germaniawerft shipyard at Kiel .
In 1861 Mezzani with Duchy of Parma became part of the Kingdom of Italy .
The Alvear Palace Hotel is a luxury hotel located in Avenida Alvear in Recoleta , an upscale neighbourhood in Buenos Aires , Argentina .
Vatutine ( Ukrainian : Ватутіне ; Russian : Ватутино ) is a city in Cherkasy Oblast ( province ) of Ukraine .
Shaybah Oil Field is a major crude oil production site in Saudi Arabia , located approximately 40 kilometres ( 25 mi ) from the northern edge of the Rub ' Al - Khali ( `` Empty Quarter '' ) desert .
Mazraeh - ye Chaghadu ( Persian : مزرعه چغادو‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye Chaghādū ) is a village in Darz and Sayeban Rural District , in the Central District of Larestan County , Fars Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its existence was noted , but its population was not reported .
Nuijamaa Church ( Finnish : Nuijamaan kirkko ) is an Evangelical Lutheran church in the Nuijamaa district of Lappeenranta , Finland .
The Hakai Institute ( formerly the Hakai Beach Institute ) is a scientific research , teaching and meeting center established by Eric Peterson and Christina Munck on Calvert Island , a remote island on the exposed Pacific edge of the Great Bear Rainforest on the Central Coast of British Columbia , Canada .
Cape Rodney - Okakari Point Marine Reserve is a 5.18 km2 ( 2.00 sq mi ) protected area in the North Island of New Zealand .
Buguruslan ( Russian : Бугурусла́н ) is a town in Orenburg Oblast , Russia .
Guacimal River ( Spanish : Rio Guacimal ) is a river of Costa Rica .
ATN News is a 24-hour news television channel in Bangladesh .
The River Suck ( Irish : An tSuca ) is a river within the Shannon River Basin in Ireland , 133 km ( 82.5 mi ) in length .
Châteauneuf - en - Thymerais is a commune Eure - et - Loir department in northern France .
Maynooth ( /məˈnuːθ/ ; Irish : Maigh Nuad ) is a university town in north County Kildare , Ireland .
The Max Müller Library was a library in Japan named after Max Müller , and held books mainly focused on languages and religion .
Chibougamau / Chapais Airport ( IATA : YMT , ICAO : CYMT ) is located 10.7 nautical miles ( 19.8 km ; 12.3 mi ) southwest of Chibougamau , Quebec , Canada , or about halfway to Chapais along Route 113 .
Tazaghine ( Amazigh : Tazaghin , ⵜⴰⵣⴰⵖⵉⵏ , Arabic : تزاغين ) is a commune in the Driouch Province of the Oriental administrative region of Morocco .
Calgary School District No . 19 or the Calgary Board of Education ( CBE ) is the public school board in Calgary , Alberta , Canada .
Otwock railway station is a railway station in Otwock , Poland .
TS Podbeskidzie Bielsko - Biała ( Polish pronunciation : ( pɔdbɛˈskʲidʑɛ ˈbʲɛlskɔ ˈbʲawa ) ) is a football club based in Bielsko - Biała , Poland .
Unabhängige Liste Flattach ( Independent ) : 8 Team Alternative für Flattach ( Independent ) : 4 Social Democratic Party of Austria ( SPÖ ) : 2 Freedom Party of Austria ( FPÖ ) : 1
Chantrey Inlet ( Tariunnuaq ) is a bay on the Arctic coast of Canada .
The A77 autoroute is a motorway in central France .
Gribshunden sank in 1495 after catching fire while in the Baltic Sea off the coast of Ronneby in southeastern Sweden ; she is one of the best - preserved wrecks from the late medieval period .
Banyawol Station is a station of the Daegu Subway Line 1 in Seoho - dong and Dongho - dong , Dong District , Daegu , South Korea .
The Basque Government ( Basque : Eusko Jaurlaritza ) is the governing body of the Basque Autonomous Community of Spain .
Trzemcha Górna ( ˈtʂɛmxa ˈɡurna ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sienno , within Lipsko County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Balkan Wars Memorial Cemetery in Edirne ( Turkish : Edirne Balkan Savaşı Şehitliği ) , located at Sarayiçi quarter of Edirne , Turkey , is a memorial burial ground for Ottoman military personnel of the Balkan Wars ( 1912 - -1913 ) , who were killed in action during the Siege of Adrianople ( 1912 - -13 ) .
Razbor pri Čemšeniku ( pronounced ( ˈɾaːzbɔɾ pɾi tʃɛmʃɛˈniːku ) or ( ɾazˈbɔɾ pɾi tʃɛmʃɛˈniːku ) ) is a settlement in the hills north of Izlake in the Municipality of Zagorje ob Savi in central Slovenia .
Al Khalidi Medical Center ( KMC ) is one of the leading heart and comprehensive specialty hospitals in Jordan .
The Walther Collection is a private non - profit organization dedicated to researching , collecting , exhibiting , and publishing modern and contemporary photography and video art . The Collection has two exhibition spaces : the Walther Collection in Neu - Ulm / Burlafingen , in Germany , and the Walther Collection Project Space in ' New York City .
The Protestant church of Dearsum or Saint Nicholas church is a religious building in Dearsum , Netherlands , one of medieval churches in Friesland .
Staré Hradiště is a village in the Pardubice Region of the Czech Republic , very near to city of Pardubice .
The Cayos Cochinos or Cochinos Cays are a group of two small islands ( 15 ° 58′18.99``N 86 ° 28′31.34''W ) ( Cayo Menor and Cayo Grande ) and 13 more small coral cays situated 30 kilometres ( 19 mi ) northeast of La Ceiba on the northern shores of Honduras .
Ögii Lake ( Mongolian : Өгий нуур ) is a freshwater lake in eastern Arkhangai , in central Mongolia .
Weewanie Hot Springs Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia , Canada , located on the east bank of Devastation Channel opposite the north end of Hawkesbury Island , in the Gardner Canal region south of Kitimat on the province 's North Coast .
Yrgyz ( Kazakh : Ырғыз ) is a selo in Aktobe Region , Kazakhstan .
The city of Pavlopetri ( Greek : Παυλοπέτρι ) , underwater off the coast of southern Laconia in Peloponnese , Greece , is about 5,000 years old , and one of the oldest submerged Lost city ( oldest in Mediterranean sea ) .
Novo Selo - Petrich ( Bulgarian and Macedonian : Ново Село-Петрич , Novo Selo - Petrič ) is the southernmost of three international border crossings between the Republic of Macedonia and Bulgaria , near Petrich .
Bijograd ( Serbian Cyrillic : Бијоград ) is a village in the municipality of Trebinje , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Banpo - dong is a dong , neighborhood of Seocho - gu in Seoul , South Korea .
Horin Khalifeh ( Persian : هرين خليفه‎ , also Romanized as Horīn Khalīfeh ; also known as Hornī Khalīfeh and Khalīfeh ) is a village in Kuhdasht - e Shomali Rural District , in the Central District of Kuhdasht County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Kozenin ( kɔˈzɛnin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sławno , within Opoczno County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
İmarət Qərvənd ( also , Giaravand , Imarat '' K’arvand , Imarat - Karvend , Imaret - Geravend , Imeret''-Herekend , and Imeret - Gerevend ) is a village in the Kalbajar Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Knajka is a stream in the Cieszyn County , Silesian Voivodeship , Poland , in the historical region of Cieszyn Silesia .
Mörtsjön ( Swedish for `` Roach Lake '' ) is a small lake in Huddinge Municipality , south of Stockholm in Sweden .
Anbolan Sara ( Persian : انبلانسرا‎ , also Romanized as Ānbolān Sarā ) is a village in Otaqvar Rural District , Otaqvar District , Langarud County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Masan was a former capital city of South Gyeongsang Province , South Korea .
Mazraeh - ye Tamarchin ( Persian : مزرعه تمرچين‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye Tamarchīn ; also known as Tamarchīn ) is a village in Piran Rural District , in the Central District of Piranshahr County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 44 , in 9 families .
Barva is a small city in the Canton of Barva , in Heredia Province , Costa Rica .
Mount Ngualla , often referred to simply as Ngualla , is a collapsed volcano located in the remote south west of Tanzania .
Ain M'lila Airfield is an abandoned World War II military airfield in Algeria , located approximately 17 km north - northwest of Aïn Kercha in Oum el Bouaghi province , about 50 km south - southeast of Constantine .
Piccadilly Valley wine sub - region is a wine sub - region in South Australia located between the town of Summertown in the north and the towns of Sterling and Aldgate to its south in the Mount Lofty Ranges to the east of the Adelaide city centre .
Taleh Jerd ( Persian : تله جرد‎ , also Romanized as Taleh Jerd ; also known as Tahleh Cherd , Talaird , Talegerd , Taleh Gerd , and Tehla Sard ) is a village in Golabar Rural District , in the Central District of Ijrud County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
Helsfyr - Sinsen was a borough of the city of Oslo , Norway up to January 1 , 2004 , when it was split and merged into Alna and Gamle Oslo boroughs .
Telstra Tower ( also known as Black Mountain Tower and formerly called the Telecom Tower ) is a telecommunications tower and lookout that is situated above the summit of Black Mountain in Australia 's capital city of Canberra .
The Saser Muztagh is the easternmost subrange of the Karakoram range , in the Ladakh region of India .
The Posidonia Shale is a Lower Jurassic geological formation of south - western Germany , including exceptionally well - preserved complete skeletons of fossil marine fish and reptiles .
Casas de Don Pedro , meaning ' Lord Peter´s houses ' , is a municipality located in the province of Badajoz , Extremadura , Spain .
The Nicoya Peninsula ( Spanish : Península de Nicoya ) is a peninsula on the Pacific coast of Costa Rica .
Mazraeh - ye Baleh La ( Persian : مزرعه بله لا‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye Baleh Lā ; also known as Baleh Lā ) is a village in Neyasar Rural District , Neyasar District , Kashan County , Isfahan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 38 , in 12 families .
The Brest Arsenal ( French - arsenal de Brest ) is a collection of naval and military buildings located on the banks of the river Penfeld , in Brest , France .
Mariscal Lamar International Airport ( Spanish : Aeropuerto Internacional Mariscal Lamar ) ( IATA : CUE , ICAO : SECU ) is an airport serving Cuenca , a city in the province of Azuay in Ecuador .
The Whirinaki Power Station is an open cycle gas turbine power station at Whirinaki , Hawke 's Bay in New Zealand .
From a political viewpoint , the Rhine knee is near the tripoint of France , Germany and Switzerland .
Kharkhiraa ( Mongolian : Хархираа , common crane ) is a mountain of the Altai Mountains and is located in the Uvs Province in Mongolia .
Sillim or Sillim - dong is a statutory division of Gwanak District , Seoul , South Korea .
Rogaland County Municipality ( Norwegian : Rogaland fylkeskommune ) is the governing administration of Rogaland county , Norway .
The Société des gens de lettres de France ( SGDLF ) ( English : Society of Men of Letters of France ) is a writers ' association founded in 1838 by the notable French authors Honoré de Balzac , Victor Hugo , Alexandre Dumas , and George Sand .
Ibón de Truchas is a lake at the winter resort of Astún in the Province of Huesca , northeastern Spain .
Cellier des Dauphins is a union of Côtes du Rhône winemakers in France .
Mirza Hasanlu ( Persian : ميرزاحسن لو‎ , also Romanized as Mīrzā Ḩasanlū ) is a village in Aladagh Rural District , in the Central District of Bojnord County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
Makarora is a small community within the Queenstown - Lakes District of the Otago region of the South Island of New Zealand .
Malangen Church ( Norwegian : Malangen kirke ) is a parish church in the municipality of Balsfjord in Troms county , Norway .
Tunnsjø Chapel ( Norwegian : Tunnsjø kapell ) is a chapel in the municipality of Lierne in Nord - Trøndelag county , Norway .
Mitzpe Netofa ( Hebrew : מִצְפֵּה נְטוֹפָה ) is a religious communal settlement in the Lower Galilee Regional Council , Israel .
De Baarsjes was from 1990 to 2010 a stadsdeel ( borough ) of Amsterdam , Netherlands .
Verkhnevilyuysk Airport ( Russian : Аэропорт Верхневилюйск ) ( IATA : VHV , ICAO : UENI ) is an airport serving the urban locality of Verkhnevilyuysk , Verkhnevilyuysky District , in the Sakha Republic of Russia .
The Constanța Casino ( Romanian : Cazinoul din Constanța ) is a casino in Constanța , Romania , located at 2 Elisabeta Boulevard along the Black Sea .
Brudzów ( ˈbrud͡zuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Morawica , within Kielce County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Stara Wiśniewka ( ˈstara viɕˈɲefka ) ( German : Lugetal ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zakrzewo , within Złotów County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Monga National Park is located 230 km south west of Sydney , Australia .
PFC Cherno More Varna ( Bulgarian : ПФК Черно Море Варна ) , or simply Cherno More ( Bulgarian : ФК Черно Море ) is a Bulgarian professional football club from the city of Varna , currently playing in Bulgaria 's top football league , the A Group .
Pontedera Airfield is an abandoned military airfield in Italy , located within the town of Pontedera , in Tuscany in the administrative province of Pisa .
Ta'ashur ( Hebrew : תְּאַשּׁוּר , lit . Larch ) is a moshav in southern Israel .
The Château de Chantilly ( pronounced : ( ʃɑ.to də ʃɑ̃.ti.ji ) ) is a historic château located in the town of Chantilly , France .
Sočerga ( pronounced ( sɔˈtʃɛːɾɡa ) ) is a village in the City Municipality of Koper in the Littoral region of Slovenia .
The Keimola Motor Stadium was a dedicated race track located in Vantaa , Finland .
Ahoada East ( also spelt Ehuda East ) is a Local Government Area of Rivers State , Nigeria , located northwest of Port Harcourt .
Láhpoluoppal Chapel ( Norwegian : Láhpoluoppal kapell ) is a chapel in Kautokeino Municipality in Finnmark county , Norway .
Železná Breznica ( Hungarian : Vaségető or until 1899 Vasberzence ) : is a village and municipality of the Zvolen District in the Banská Bystrica Region of Slovakia .
Ələtli is a village and municipality in the Hajigabul Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Moseøya Bird Sanctuary ( Norwegian : Moseøya fuglereservat ) is a bird reserve at Svalbard , Norway , established in 1973 .
Mishmarot ( Hebrew : מִשְׁמָרוֹת ) is a kibbutz in northern Israel near the town of Pardes Hanna - Karkur .
PKP Cargo ( WSE : PKP ) is a logistics operator and a part of the PKP Group in Poland .
Punakha ( Tibetan alphabet : སྤུ་ན་ཁ་ ) is the administrative centre of Punakha dzongkhag , one of the 20 districts of Bhutan .
Schoonrewoerd is a small village in the western Netherlands .
Rashid Karami Stadium or International Olympic Stadium is a 25,000 capacity multi - use stadium in Tripoli , Lebanon .
Pulau Sudong is a 209-hectare coral island off the southern coast of Singapore , it was enlarged through a land reclamation process during the late 1970s .
Norddalsfjord Bridge ( Norwegian : Norddalsfjordbrua ) is a cantilever bridge that crosses the Norddalsfjorden in the municipality of Flora in Sogn og Fjordane county , Norway .
The National Education Institute of the Republic of Slovenia ( Slovene : Zavod Republike Slovenije za Šolstvo , ZRSŠ ) is the main public organisation in Slovenia that encourages development in education in Slovenia up to pre - university -- covering all kindergartens , elementary schools , secondary schools , music schools , and boarding schools .
Biratnagar Eye Hospital ( or BEH ) is an Eastern Regional Eye Care Programme ( EREC - P ) hospital located in Biratnagar , Nepal .
The community of Hant 's Harbour ( 48 ° 00′55``N 53 ° 15′45''W NST ) is an incorporated town having a population of 346 ( 2011 Census ) located on the east side of Trinity Bay on the Bay de Verde Peninsula , Newfoundland , Canada .
Huancané ( Aymara : Wanqani listen wanqa a big stone , -ni a suffix , `` the one with a big stone ( or big stones ) '' ) is the capital of the province of Huancané in Peru .
Lobuya ( Russian : Лобуя ; Sakha : Лобуйа ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) , and one of two settlements in the Town of Srednekolymsk of Srednekolymsky District in the Sakha Republic , Russia , in addition to Srednekolymsk , the administrative center of the district .
Rimbey - Rocky Mountain House - Sundre is a provincial electoral district in central Alberta , Canada .
Pyszków ( ˈpɨʂkuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzeźnio , within Sieradz County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Bonnet Island is a low island with an area of 2.21 ha in south - eastern Australia .
Le Séchey is a part of Le Lieu , a municipality in the La Vallée district in the canton of Vaud , Switzerland .
Obedska bara ( Obedska pond or Obedska bog , Serbian Cyrillic : Обедска бара , pronounced ( ɔ̂bɛdskaː bâra ) ) is a large swamp - forest area and natural reserve stretching along the Sava River in Southern Syrmia ( Serbia ) , some 40 km west of Belgrade .
Bangladesh International School , English Section , Riyadh ( BISES , Riyadh ) is a private school located in the Olaya district of Riyadh , Saudi Arabia .
Herramélluri ( Basque for ' Herramel 's villa ' ) is a village in the province and autonomous community of La Rioja , Spain .
Narodychi ( Ukrainian : Народичі ) is an urban - type settlement in Narodychi Raion , Zhytomyr Oblast , northern Ukraine .
Sindal station is a railway station serving the railway town of Sindal , Denmark .
Lango sub - region is a region in Uganda that consists of :
Tosny is a commune in the Eure department in Haute - Normandie in northern France , some ten miles south of Rouen .
The San Marcos Province is one of the thirteen provinces in the Cajamarca Region of Peru .
Mantesh ( Persian : منتش‎‎ , also Romanized as Mantash ) is a village in Lak Rural District , Serishabad District , Qorveh County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Sayn - Homburg ( not to be confused with the later state of Sayn - Wittgenstein - Homburg ) was a mediaeval county of Germany with its seat at Homburg Castle .
Kjerringberget is a hill located in the Lade area in the municipality of Trondheim in Sør - Trøndelag county , Norway .
Poruvazhy Peruviruthy Malanada Temple is a temple dedicated to Duryodhana , is located in Poruvazhy Village of Kunnathur Tehsil in the Kollam district of Kerala , India .
Taitung City ( Chinese : 台東市 or 臺東市 ) , is a county - controlled city and the county seat of Taitung County , Taiwan .
The Tombs of Via Latina ( Italian : Tombe di Via Latina ) are Roman tombs , mainly from the 2nd century AD , that are found along a short stretch of the old Roman road of Via Latina , close to Rome , Italy .
Kalgah - e Pahn ( Persian : كلگه پهن‎ , also Romanized as Kalgah - e Pahn ) is a village in Dehdasht - e Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Kohgiluyeh County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Carlsten ( Swedish : Karlstens fästning ) is a stone fortress located at Marstrand , on the western coast of Sweden .
The U15 Group of Canadian Research Universities ( commonly shortened to U15 ) ( French : U15 Regroupement des universités de recherche du Canada ) is an association of 15 Canadian public research universities .
Wiączemin Polski ( vjɔnˈt͡ʂɛmin ˈpɔlski ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słubice , within Płock County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Melchor Island ( Spanish Isla Melchor also known as Meleguen in the NGA ) is an island in the Chonos Archipelago of Chile .
Hebri is at the foot of the Western Ghats of India in Karnataka state .
Iglesia de la Santa Cruz ( Inguanzo ) is a Roman Catholic church in Asturias , Spain .
The Squiala First Nation or Squiala Indian Band is a band government of the Sto : lo people located in the Upper Fraser Valley region , near Chilliwack , British Columbia , Canada .
Seddonville is a lightly populated locality on the West Coast of New Zealand 's South Island .
Old Fort Providence , located near the mouth of Yellowknife Bay , Northwest Territories , Canada , was one of the first fur trading outposts on Great Slave Lake .
Albury Library Museum is a combined library and museum in Albury , New South Wales , Australia .
Veteran Isles ( French : Ile du Veteran ; also known as the Veteran Islands ) is a pair of islands in South Australia which is part of the Pearson Isles which itself is part of the larger island group known as the Investigator Group .
`` Hymne Monégasque '' ( in English : Monégasque Anthem ) is Monaco 's national anthem .
Ak zhelken is a city in Borovoe , Kazakhstan situated near the Caspian Sea .
Chateau de Pitray ( built in the 17th century ) is in the village of Saint - Seurin - de - Prats , Aquitane , France , overlooking the Dordogne river .
Yangi - Bazar ( Russian : Джаны-Базар ) is a village in Jalal - Abad Region of Kyrgyzstan .
Kaseb ( Persian : كاسب‎ , also Romanized as Kāseb ) is a village in Anzal - e Jonubi Rural District , Anzal District , Urmia County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Hajduki Nyskie ( xai̯ˈduki ˈnɨskʲɛ ) ( German : Heidau ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nysa , within Nysa County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
The Small and Medium Business Administration ( Hangul : 새만금개발청 ; hanja : 새萬金開發廳 , KASDI ) is one of an organizations in South Korea and is run under the Ministry of Land , Infrastructure and Transport .
Kyaukpyu District ( Burmese : ကျောက်ဖြူခရိုင် ) is a district of the Rakhine State in western Myanmar .
The Parti républicain du Québec ( PRQ , n English : Quebec Republican Party ) was a political party that advocated the independence of Quebec from Canada .
Ka Rostam ( Persian : كارستم‎‎ , also Romanized as Kā Rostam ; also known as Kāh Rustam ) is a village in Posht - e Arbaba Rural District , Alut District , Baneh County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
The Parque del Oeste ( in English : Western Park ) is a park of the city of Madrid ( Spain ) situated between the Autovía A-6 , the Ciudad Universitaria de Madrid and the district of Moncloa .
Danum Valley Conservation Area is a 438 square kilometres tract of relatively undisturbed lowland dipterocarp forest in Sabah , Malaysia .
Smilne ( Ukrainian : Смільне ) is a village ( selo ) in Brodivskyi Raion , Lviv Oblast , in western Ukraine .
The Château de Leynes is an old fortified castle and priory in the commune of Leynes in the Saône - et - Loire département of France .
Butuan Bay is a bay and extension of the Bohol Sea in the northeast section of Mindanao in the Philippines .
Parsenn is a renowned ski area near Davos , Switzerland , offering 35 ski runs .
Varagavan ( Armenian : Վարագավան ) is a town in the Tavush Province of Armenia .
Centre intercommunal de glace de Malley ( abbreviation CIG de Malley or CIGM ) is an indoor arena located in Lausanne , Switzerland .
In 1939 , Kedleston Hall was offered by Richard Curzon , 2nd Viscount Scarsdale for use by the War Department ( United Kingdom ) .
Montjaux ( in Occitan Mont Jòus from the Latin Mons Jovis ( Mount Jupiter ) ) is a commune in the Aveyron department in southern France .
Matli is a town of Matli Taluka in Badin District in the Sindh province of Pakistan .
Ploče ( pronounced ( plɔ̂tʃɛ ) ; Italian : Porto Tolero ) is a town and a notable seaport in the Dubrovnik - Neretva County of Croatia .
Laikipia Air Base ( IATA : n / a , ICAO : n / a ) is a Kenya Air Force base located approximately 8 kilometres ( 5.0 mi ) west - northwest of Nanyuki , Kenya .
Sandilipay is a town located 10 km from the City of Jaffna , Sri Lanka .
Ashchibulak ( Kazakh : Ащыбұлақ ) is a village in Almaty Region of south - eastern Kazakhstan .
Kruševac ( Serbian Cyrillic : Крушевац ( krûʃeʋat͡s ) ) is a city and the administrative center of the Rasina District , in Serbia .
Chiengi District with headquarters at Chiengi is the smallest and most northerly district in the Luapula Province of Zambia and was carved out of Nchelenge District after Zambia 's independence .
Bolagen ( Southern Sami : Båålege ) is a lake in the municipality of Røros in Sør - Trøndelag county , Norway .
Nadym ( Russian : Нады́м ) is a town in Yamalo - Nenets Autonomous Okrug , Russia , located on the Nadym River .
Krzeszna ( ˈkʂɛʂna ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stężyca , within Kartuzy County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Wied - Dierdorf was a County of Rhineland - Palatinate , Germany , located on the Wied River .
The Mount Lofty Ranges are the range of mountains just to the east of Adelaide in South Australia .
Cahir Castle ( Irish : Caisleán na Cathrach ) , one of the largest castles in Ireland , is sited on an island in the river Suir .
Aba Mansuri ( Persian : ابامنصوري‎ , also Romanized as Abā Manşūrī ) is a village in Masabi Rural District , in the Central District of Sarayan County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Operation Testament is the Australian Defence Force ( ADF ) contribution to World Youth Day 2008 ( WYD08 ) , a Catholic youth festival attended by Pope Benedict XVI held from 15 to 20 July 2008 in Sydney , Australia .
Jube ( Albanian : Jubë ) is a village in the Durrës County , western Albania .
Zanja Pytá ( guarani for Red Trench ) is a city and district in Paraguay , located in the Amambay Department .
Delthota is a small , people friendly town in Kandy District , Sri Lanka .
Kikorze ( kiˈkɔʐɛ ) ( German : Kicker ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osina , within Goleniów County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Adolf Fredrik Church ( Swedish : Adolf Fredriks kyrka ) is a church in central Stockholm , Sweden , named after Adolf Frederick .
Boryszyn ( bɔˈrɨʂɨn ) ( German : Burschen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubrza , within Świebodzin County , Lubusz Voivodeship , in western Poland .
Kowtar ( Persian : کوتر‎ ) is a village located in Mokriyan - e Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Mahabad County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Planetarium of Bogotá is a cultural center and planetarium located in the International Center of Bogota , Colombia , within Independence Park .
Les Francofolies de Spa is an annual music festival in Spa , Belgium .
Cheonggu High School is a high school school in Daegu , South Korea .
Auvelais is a small town in the province of Namur in Belgium .
Degole parish ( Latvian : Degoles pagasts ) is an administrative unit of the Tukums District , Latvia .
Kaltental is a district of Stuttgart in Swabia in Germany .
Gullaug is an unincorporated village at Lier municipality in Buskerud , Norway .
Sky Office Tower is a dual business tower , elliptically shaped , located in Zagreb , Croatia , north of the Zagrebačka Avenue , near the intersection with Zagrebačka cesta .
Šternberk ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈʃtɛrnbɛrk ) ; German : ( Mährisch-)Sternberg ) is a town in the Olomouc Region of the Czech Republic .
Gelnica ( Hungarian : Gölnicbánya , German : Göllnitz ) is a town in the Košice Region of Slovakia .
Santa Inés Island ( Spanish : Isla Santa Inés ) is an island in southern Chile , part of the Tierra del Fuego archipelago and of Punta Arenas municipality , lying south west of the Brunswick Peninsula , from which is separated by the Strait of Magellan and minor islands .
Yong - in Songdam College is a private technical college in Yongin City , Gyeonggi province , South Korea .
The Danish Ministry of Transport ( Danish : Transportministeriet ) in the Danish ministry in charge of coordinating and realizing the transport politics of Denmark .
The San Bernardino Strait ( Filipino : Kipot ng San Bernardino ) is a strait in the Philippines , connecting the Samar Sea with the Philippine Sea .
Mavrata ( Greek : Μαυράτα ) is a village in the municipal unit of Eleios - Pronnoi , in the southeastern part of the island of Cephalonia , Greece .
Srirampura railway station ( Urdu : سری رام پور ریلوے اسٹیشن ‎ ) is located in Srirampura village , Sheikhupura district of Punjab province of the Pakistan .
Gubin Do ( Serbian Cyrillic : Губин До ) is a village located in the Užice municipality of Serbia .
The Marinid Walls of Algeciras ( Spanish : Parque Arqueológico de las Murallas Meriníes de Algeciras ) are walls located in Algeciras , Spain .
Dambatta ( or Dambarta ) is a Local Government Area in Kano State , Nigeria .
The Cheere Islands are an island group located in Coronation Gulf , south of Victoria Island , west of the Kent Peninsula , in the Kitikmeot Region , Nunavut , Canada .
Jumkil Church ( Swedish : Jumkils kyrka ) is a medieval Lutheran church near Uppsala in the Archdiocese of Uppsala in Uppsala County , Sweden .
Byrnestown is a rural locality in the North Burnett Region of Queensland , Australia .
Świecino ( ɕfjɛˈt͡ɕinɔ ) ( Kashubian : Swiecëno , German : Schwetzin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krokowa , within Puck County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Te Taho is a small farming community of eleven houses in the West Coast region of the South Island of New Zealand between the north bank of the Whataroa River and Mt Hercules .
Khüiten Peak ( Mongolian : Хүйтэн оргил , lit . `` cold peak '' ) is the highest point in Mongolia , on the west side of the country along the border with China .
Irbit ( Russian : Ирби́т ) is a town in Sverdlovsk Oblast , Russia , located 203 kilometers ( 126 mi ) from Yekaterinburg by train or 250 kilometers ( 160 mi ) by car , on the right bank of the Nitsa River .
The Château du Petit - Geroldseck is a ruined castle situated in the commune of Haegen in the département of Bas - Rhin in Alsace , France .
Sons of Otis are a stoner rock / doom band from Toronto , Canada .
Cisternino is a comune in the province of Brindisi in Apulia , on the coast of south - eastern Italy , approximately 50 kilometres ( 31 mi ) north - west of the city of Brindisi .
Valencia 's Aquarium ( officially Acuario de Valencia , Fundación Seijas ) is a recreational park located in Valencia , Venezuela .
Suwałki Landscape Park ( Suwalski Park Krajobrazowy ) is a protected area ( Landscape Park ) in north - eastern Poland , established in 1976 , covering an area of 62.84 square kilometres ( 24.26 sq mi ) .
Yanuh - Jat ( Arabic : يانوح-جت‎ , יָנוּחַ-גַ'תּ ) is a local council in the North District of Israel , northeast of Acre , consisting of the villages of Yanuh and Jat , which merged in 1990 .
Varaha Cave Temple ( also Adivaraha Cave Temple ) is a rock - cut cave temple located at Mamallapuram , on the Coromandel Coast of the Bay of Bengal in Kancheepuram District in Tamil Nadu , India .
Loc - Dieu Abbey is a Cistercian abbey located near Martiel , 9 km west from Villefranche - de - Rouergue , in the department of Aveyron in France .
Gaupne Church ( Norwegian : Gaupne kyrkje ) is a parish church in Luster Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county , Norway .
Lunenburg West is a provincial electoral district in Nova Scotia , Canada , that elects one member of the Nova Scotia House of Assembly .
Jandari Lake ( Georgian : ჯანდარის ტბა , Azerbaijani : Candargöl ) is a lake on Georgia - Azerbaijan border , it is located in south - east Georgia and north - west Azerbaijan .
Dulovo Municipality ( Bulgarian : Община Дулово ) is a municipality ( obshtina ) in Silistra Province , Northeastern Bulgaria , located in the Danubian Plain , in the area of the South Dobrudzha geographical region , about 25 km south of Danube river .
Manipulon is a small island - barangay in northeastern Iloilo , Philippines .
The Woden Cemetery is the main cemetery in Canberra , the capital of Australia .
El Cerrato is a natural comarca in Spain comprising locations in the provinces of Palencia , Burgos and Valladolid , although the largest part lies within Palencia .
La Tercena is a municipality in Catamarca Province in northwestern Argentina , located within the Greater San Fernando del Valle de Catamarca area .
The Lahti longwave transmitter was a facility for longwave transmission at Lahti , Finland .
Qelëz is a village and a former municipality in the Shkodër County , northern Albania .
Shuva ( Hebrew : שׁוּבָה ) is a religious moshav in southern Israel .
The Marikina Polytechnic College is a state college in the city of Marikina , Philippines .
Sandymount railway station ( Irish : Stáisiún Dhumhach Thrá ) serves Sandymount and Ballsbridge ( including RDS Simmonscourt ) in Dublin , Ireland .
Culleenamore strand is located on the south side of the half - promontory of Strandhill , at the mouth of Ballysadare Bay , Co Sligo , Ireland .
Ernestown Secondary School or ESS is a Canadian public , comprehensive school located in Odessa , Ontario , Canada .
The Premio Internacional de Poesía Ciudad de Melilla is one of Spain 's top literary awards , given every year to an unpublished poetry collection by a Spanish - speaking author .
The Simanjiro Conservation Easement is a novel payment for ecosystem services scheme in the Simanjiro Plains of Tanzania , an important wet - season grazing area between Tarangire National Park and Mount Kilimanjaro .
The Port of Dar es Salaam is the principal port serving Tanzania .
Calcurrupe River ( Spanish : Río Calcurrupe ) is a river in Ranco Province , southern Chile .
Lamdar ( Persian : لمدر‎‎ ) is a village in Honam Rural District , in the Central District of Selseleh County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Marienlystcentret is a sports centre in the neighbourhood of Marienlund , Odense , Denmark .
Błędów Desert ( Polish : Pustynia Błędowska ) is an area of sands between Błędów ( part of Dąbrowa Górnicza in Upper Silesian Metropolitan Union ) and the villages of Chechło and Klucze in Poland .
Kominite ( Bulgarian : Комините , meaning `` The Chimneys '' ) is the name of several minor andesite peaks in the Vitosha Mountains near Sofia , Bulgaria .
Meru Betiri National Park is a national park in the province of East Java , Indonesia , extending over an area of 580 km2 of which a small part is marine ( 8.45 km2 ) .
Santo Domingo Tonaltepec is a town and municipality in Oaxaca , located in south - western Mexico .
Riđica ( Serbian Cyrillic : Риђица ) is a village in Serbia .
Lake Ry de Rome is an artificial lake near the city of Couvin in Belgium near the border of France .
Vestfold Privatbaner was a private railway company which operated two railways in Vestfold , Norway , the Holmestrand--
The Gymnasium Eppendorf is a grammar school in Hamburg , Germany , established in 1904 .
Dungna Gewog ( Dzongkha : གདུང་ན་ ) is a gewog ( village block ) of Chukha District , Bhutan .
Piazza di Spagna , at the bottom of the Spanish Steps , is one of the most famous squares in Rome ( Italy ) .
The Montreal Gazette , formerly titled The Gazette , is the only English - language daily newspaper published in Montreal , Quebec , Canada , after three other daily English newspapers shut down at various times during the second half of the 20th century .
The IC4 is an inter - city train built by the Italian train manufacturer AnsaldoBreda for the trans - Great Belt routes of Danske Statsbaner ( DSB ) , Denmark 's national railway operator .
Corps de Garde ( translation : guardhouse ) is a 720-metre - high mountain of volcanic origin , in the area of the Moka Range between the Mont du Rempart ( 545 m ) and the Le Pouce Mountain ( 812 m ) in the Plaines Wilhems district of Mauritius .
Gmina Pilawa is an urban - rural gmina ( administrative district ) in Garwolin County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Ciglence ( pronounced ( tsiˈɡleːntsɛ ) ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Duplek in northeastern Slovenia .
Awaba Airport ( IATA : AWB , ICAO : AYAW ) is an airfield serving Awaba , in the Western Province of Papua New Guinea .
Starye Atagi ( Russian : Ста́рые Атаги́ ; Chechen : Йоккха-Атагӏа/Сехьа-Атагӏа ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) in Groznensky District of the Chechen Republic , Russia , located 10 kilometers ( 6.2 mi ) south of Grozny , the republic 's capital .
Orinoco Department was one of the departments of Gran Colombia created in 1824 .
With a total area of 12.8 square kilometres ( 4.9 sq mi ) , Monte Isola ranks as the largest lake island not only in Italy , but also in South and Central Europe .
Cineworld Dublin is the biggest cinema in Ireland , with 4 floors and 17 screens .
Sydhavsøerne ( lit . `` The South Sea Islands '' ) , sometimes also referred to simply as Lolland - Falster from the two largest islands , is an informal but common term used in Danish to refer to the archipelago just south of Zealand , Denmark 's largest island where its capital Copenhagen is located .
Do Rudi ( Persian : دورودي‎ , also Romanized as Do Rūdī ; also known as Darrūdī ) is a village in Taftan - e Jonubi Rural District , Nukabad District , Khash County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Lesnovo monastery , officially called Monastery of St Archangel Michael and St Hermit Gabriel of Lesnovo ( Macedonian Cyrilic : Свети Архангел Михаил и пустиножителот Гаврил Лесновски ) , is one of the most important medieval monuments of Macedonia .
The Don Honorio Ventura Technological State University ( Filipino : Pampamahalaang Pamantasang Teknolohikong Don Honorio Ventura ) formerly known as Don Honorio Ventura College of Arts and Trades is a State University in the Philippines .
The PSA Rennes Plant is one of the principal car plants in France , producing approximately 340,000 cars in 2005 .
The Wehrgeschichtliches Museum Rastatt or WGM is a military historical museum in Germany .
Lissycasey ( Irish : Lios Uí Chathasaigh , meaning `` ringfort of the Caseys '' ) is a village in County Clare , Ireland .
Smosarz - Dobki ( ˈsmɔsaʂ ˈdɔpki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołymin - Ośrodek , within Ciechanów County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Prestranek ( pronounced ( pɾɛˈstɾaːnək ) ; Italian : Prestrane ) is a settlement south of Postojna in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia .
Lesnoye Sanatorium ( Russian : санаторий Лесное ) is the oldest medical institution in the city of Tolyatti , Russia .
Košrags ( Livonian : Kuoštrõg ) is a populated place in Kolka parish , Dundaga municipality , Latvia on the shore of the Irbe Strait of the Baltic Sea .
The Hindpool Retail Parks are a set of four conjoined retail parks in the Hindpool area of Barrow - in - Furness , England , United Kingdom ( with the exception of one which straddles the border with Central Barrow ) .
Lankaran State University , also spelled as Lenkaran State University ( LSU , Azerbaijani : Lənkəran Dövlət Universiteti ) is a public university located in Lankaran , Azerbaijan .
Comalapa River ( Rio Comalapa ) is a medium sized stream in La Paz , El Salvador , which has large to very large quantities of fresh water year round , especially from early May through October .
Tvrdalj Castle ( Croatian : Gradina Tvrdalj ) is a castle in Stari Grad , on the island of Hvar , Croatia .
Jirisan National Park ( Korean : 지리산국립공원 , 智異山國立公園 ) is a national park in South Korea , located on the boundaries of Jeollanam - do , Jeollabuk - do , and Gyeongsangnam - do .
Globoka ( pronounced ( ɡlɔˈboːka ) or ( ɡlɔˈbɔːka ) ) is a settlement in the hills above the right bank of the Ščavnica River in the Municipality of Ljutomer in northeastern Slovenia , adjacent to the border with Croatia .
Gjesvær ( Northern Sami : Geaissvearra ) is an old fishing village in Nordkapp Municipality in Finnmark county , Norway .
Pago Park Soccer Stadium is an soccer stadium in Pago Pago , American Samoa .
Binalood wind farm is a wind farm situated in Razavi Khorasan Province of Iran near the city of Nishapur .
Pluma de Pato ( Spanish for `` Feather ' '' Latin : plūma `` feather '' and Andalusian Arabic : páṭṭ for `` duck '' ) is a village and rural municipality in Salta Province in northwestern Argentina .
Assumption Iloilo ( also known as AC or the Assumption Convent ) is a Catholic and a College Preparatory School in General Luna St. , Iloilo City , Philippines .
The Bologna - Raticosa Hill Climb , one of the most challenging hill climbs in Italy and Europe , is the longest - running uphill automobile race in the world .
Balzan ( Maltese : Ħal Balzan ) is small town in the Central Region of Malta , one of the so - called three villages , together with Attard and Lija .
Vaippar is a village panchyat in Tuticorin district , Tamil Nadu , India .
Drzetowo is located in Poland , an historical municipal neighbourhood of the City of Szczecin .
Nesvizh ( Lithuanian : Nesvyžius ; Belarusian : Нясві́ж ( nʲaˈsʲvʲiʐ ) ; Russian : Не́свиж ; Polish : Nieśwież ; Yiddish : ניעסוויז‎ ; Latin : Nesvisium ) is a city in Belarus .
York Street Public School is an elementary school JK-8 in the Lower Town neighbourhood of Ottawa , Canada .
Ələt ( also , Älät , Aliat , Aljat , Aliaty , Alyat , Alyat - Pristan '' , Alyati - Pristan '' , Alyaty , and Alyaty - Pristan '' ) is a settlement and municipality in Baku , Azerbaijan .
The Shire of Highfields is a former local government area on the Darling Downs in Queensland , Australia .
Go Ahead Eagles will compete in Europe in the 2015 - -16 UEFA Europa League due to the Netherlands ' first place in UEFA Respect Fair Play ranking .
Mirande ( French : ( mi.ʁɑ̃d ) ) is a commune in the Gers department in southwestern France .
Kütahya Air Base ( Turkish : Kütahya Hava Üssü ) ( ICAO : LTBN ) is a military airport of the Turkish Air Force located in Kütahya , Turkey .
MS Fæmund II is a historic passenger ferry that each summer travels between Sørvika ( south of Røros ) and Elgå ( in Engerdal ) on Norway 's third largest lake , Femunden .
Mashhad County ( Persian : شهرستان مشهد‎ ) is a county ( shahrestān ) in Razavi Khorasan Province in Iran .
Smithborough railway station was on the Ulster Railway in the Republic of Ireland .
Sojas Rud District ( Persian : بخش سجاس‌رود‎ ) is a district ( bakhsh ) in Khodabandeh County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
Permas Jaya Bridge or Jambatan Permas Jaya ( Jawi : جمبتن ڤرمس جاي ) is a river bridge in Arch shape near Johor Bahru in Malaysia .
Daeseong - dong ( also called Tae Sung Dong ) is a town in South Korea close to the North Korean border .
The Vinschgau ( Italian : Val Venosta , German : Vinschgau , Romansh : Vnuost , Ladin : Val Venuesta , medieval : Finsgowe ) or Vinschgau Valley is the upper part of the Etsch or Adige river valley , in the western part of the province of South Tyrol , Italy .
Peyghan ( Persian : پيغان‎ , also Romanized as Peyghān and Pighan ; also known as Peygam and Peyghān Chāy ) is a village in Peyghan Chayi Rural District , in the Central District of Kaleybar County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Corsica Nazione ( Corsican Nation ) is a Corsican nationalist party which aims to gain control over Corsica from France , regain national rights , and promote the Corsican national identity .
Wadi al - Nasara ( Arabic : وادي النصارى‎ / ALA - LC : Wādī an - Naṣārá , Greek : Κοιλάδα των Χριστιανών , Koiláda ton Christianón , which both mean `` Valley of Christians '' ) is an area in western Syria , close to the Lebanese border and administratively belonging to the governorate of Homs .
Jeomchon is the urbanized center of Mungyeong city , in Gyeongsangbuk - do province , South Korea .
Hrib pri Kamniku ( pronounced ( ˈxɾiːp pɾi ˈkaːmniku ) ) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Kamnik in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia .
Massingir District is a district of Gaza Province in southwestern Mozambique .
Starodub ( Russian : Староду́б , lit . old oak ) is a town in Bryansk Oblast , Russia , located on the Babinets River ( the Dnieper basin ) , 169 kilometers ( 105 mi ) southwest of Bryansk .
Røros Church ( Norwegian : Røros kirke , also known as Bergstadens Ziir ) is a parish church in the municipality of Røros in Sør - Trøndelag county , Norway .
Lumut Bypass , Federal Route 100 , is a highway bypass in Manjung district , Perak , Malaysia .
Igołomia ( iɡɔˈwɔmja ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Igołomia - Wawrzeńczyce , within Kraków County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Seramiasht F.C. is a football team from Afghanistan .
Dilbat ( modern Tell ed - Duleim or Tell al - Deylam , Iraq ) was an ancient Sumerian minor city located southeast from Babylon on the eastern bank of the Western Euphrates in modern day Al - Qādisiyyah , Iraq .
Gow Langsford Gallery in Auckland , New Zealand , was established in 1987 by John Gow and Gary Langsford .
Shorwell ( pronounced Shorel by some locals and Islanders ) is a village and civil parish on the Isle of Wight , United Kingdom .
Zubák ( Hungarian : Trencsénfogas ) is a village and municipality in Púchov District in the Trenčín Region of north - western Slovakia .
Tikitere , also known as `` Hell 's Gate '' , is Rotorua 's most active geothermal area on State Highway 30 , between Lake Rotorua and Lake Rotoiti in the Bay of Plenty , New Zealand .
Siar Kola ( Persian : سياركلا‎ , also Romanized as Sīār Kolā ) is a village in Ahlamerestaq - e Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Mahmudabad County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Ranes Church ( Norwegian : Ranes kyrkje ) is a parish church in Surnadal Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county , Norway .
Langa Langa Lagoon or Akwalaafu is a natural lagoon on the West coast of Malaita near the provincial capital Auki within the Solomon Islands .
Lindau Abbey ( German : Reichsstift Lindau ) was a house of secular canonesses in Lindau on the Bodensee in Bavaria , Germany , which stands on an island in the lake .
Kaljegan ( Persian : كل جگان‎ , also Romanized as Kaljegān ) is a village in Hudian Rural District , in the Central District of Dalgan County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Uppland Runic Inscription 181 or U 181 is the Rundata catalog number for a Viking Age memorial runestone located at Össeby - Garn , which is about one kilometer east of Karby , Uppsala County , Sweden .
Toszek ( ˈtɔʂɛk ) ( German : Tost ) is a town in Poland , in Gliwice County , Silesian Voivodeship , with 4,000 inhabitants .
Milik ( ˈmʲilʲik ) ( formerly Mikowa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Muszyna , within Nowy Sącz County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland , close to the border with Slovakia .
Chahdashi ( Persian : چاه داشي‎ , also Romanized as Chāhdāshī ; also known as Chāh - e Dā’ī and Chāh - e Dāshī ) is a village in Neh Rural District , in the Central District of Nehbandan County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Union Monégasque is a centrist political party in the Principality of Monaco .
Changiz Qaleh ( Persian : چنگيزقلعه‎ , also Romanized as Changīz Qal``eh ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Bijar County , Kurdistan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 123 , in 35 families .
Wieluń ( ˈvjɛluɲ ) ( German : Welun ) is a city in central Poland with 24,347 inhabitants ( 2006 ) .
Hoseynabad - e Madvar ( Persian : حسين ابادمدوار‎ , also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād - e Madvār ; also known as Ḩoseynābād ) is a village in Khursand Rural District , in the Central District of Shahr - e Babak County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Telus Mobility is a division of Telus which sells wireless services in Canada on its numerous networks .
The Hengdian East Railway Station ( Chinese : 横店东站 ) is a railway station of Shiwu Passenger Railway that located in People 's Republic of China .
Betung Kerihun National Park ( previously Bentuang Karimun ) is a national park in the province of West Kalimantan on the island of Borneo , Indonesia .
Latan Parat ( Persian : لتن پرت‎ ) is a village in Lisar Rural District , Kargan Rud District , Talesh County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Yekshaveh ( Persian : يكشوه‎ ; also known as Yek Shabā ) is a village in Behi - e Feyzolah Beygi Rural District , in the Central District of Bukan County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The North Island Main Trunk ( NIMT ) is the main railway line in the North Island of New Zealand , connecting capital city Wellington with the country 's largest city , Auckland .
Fijaš ( Rusyn : Фіяш , Hungarian : Fias ) is a village and municipality in Svidník District in the Prešov Region of north - eastern Slovakia .
Yecla de Yeltes is a large municipality in the province of Salamanca , western Spain , part of the autonomous community of Castile - Leon .
Ødegården Verk ( English : Ødegården Mines , French : Les Mines d'Oedegaard ) , alternate names Ødegården Apatittgruver and Bamble Apatittgruver , was a series of primarily apatite shaft mines and quarries located in the Bamble municipality of Norway .
The Gare de Wiencourt - l'Équipée ( Wiencourt - l'Équipée station ) is a former railway station located in the commune of Guillaucourt in the Somme department , France .
Mongol Daguur ( Mongolian : Монгол дагуур , also referred to as Mongolian Dauria ) is a steppe and wetland region in Mongolia listed as a UNESCO World Biosphere Reserve and Ramsar Site of International Importance .
Cheshmeh - ye Papi ( Persian : چشمه پاپي‎ , also Romanized as Cheshmeh - ye Pāpī ; also known as Cheshmeh - ye Pā’ī ) is a village in Dehpir - e Shomali Rural District , in the Central District of Khorramabad County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Oksu - dong is a dong , neighbourhood of Seongdong - gu in Seoul , South Korea .
The Franciscan Friary , Bolzano ( German : Franziskanerkloster , Bozen ; Italian : Convento dei Francescani , Bolzano ) is a Franciscan friary in the city of Bolzano , in South Tyrol , northern Italy .
Harataongais a surf beach located on the northeast coast of New Zealand 's Great Barrier Island and is located approximately 51 NM northeast of Auckland .
Trofarello railway station ( Italian : Stazione di Trofarello ) serves the town and comune of Trofarello , in the Piedmont region , northwestern Italy .
Kolesin ( kɔˈlɛɕin ) ( German : Goltzen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Babimost , within Zielona Góra County , Lubusz Voivodeship , in western Poland .
Ivnica ( Cyrillic : Ивница ) is a village in the municipality of Kakanj , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
South - western Sydney is the metropolitan area in south - west Sydney , New South Wales , Australia .
Mšeno ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈm̩ʃɛno ) ; German : Wemschen ) is a small town in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic .
The Seminarium Fredericianum or Bergen Daycare ( Norwegian : Bergens barneasyl ) is located at Asylplass 2 in Bergen 's Bergenhus district and today it houses Norway 's oldest preschool .
Bukhara ( Uzbek : Buxoro ; Tajik : Бухоро ; Persian : بخارا‎‎ ; Russian : Бухара ) , is one of the cities ( viloyat ) of Uzbekistan .
Lake Enriquillo ( Spanish : Lago Enriquillo ) is a hypersaline lake in the Dominican Republic located in the southwestern region of the country .
Dubno ( Ukrainian : Ду́бно ) is a city located on the Ikva River in the Rivne Oblast ( province ) of western Ukraine .
Paraxra ( Aymara for a piece of land which is neither flat nor mountainous , hispanicized spellings Paraccra , Paracra ) is an archaeological site in the Andes of Peru on a mountain of the same name .
Atabae is a city in the suco of Rairobo ( subdistrict Atabae , Bobonaro District , East Timor ) .
The Deventer honey cake ( Bussink Deventer Koek ) , produced in Deventer for over 500 years , is still manufactured locally and sold all over the Netherlands and beyond .
Mala Subotica ( Hungarian : Kisszabadka ; Kajkavian : Murska Sobotica ) is a village and municipality in Međimurje County , Croatia .
Qasr Abu Hadi ( Arabic : قصر ابو هادي‎ Qaṣr Abū Hādī ) is a village with estimated 4,890 inhabitants in the Sirte District of Libya .
The Schwarzberg Glacier ( German : Schwarzberggletscher ) is a 3 km long glacier ( 2005 ) situated in the Pennine Alps in the canton of Valais in Switzerland .
The Tamil Methodist Church ( Malay : Gereja Tamil Methodist ) is a church in Malacca City , Malacca , Malaysia .
The Members ' Lobby is a hallway in the Palace of Westminster used by members of the House of Commons , the lower house of the Parliament of the United Kingdom .
The University of Ljubljana ( Slovene : Univerza v Ljubljani ( uniʋɛ́ːrza w ljubljàːni ) , acronym : UL , Latin : Universitas Labacensis ) is the oldest , largest , and internationally best ranked university in Slovenia , being among the first 500 or the first 3 % of the world 's best universities according to the ARWU .
Okhna ( Kyrgyz : Охна ) is a village in Kadamjay District , in Batken Region of Kyrgyzstan .
Nimreh ( Arabic : نمرة‎ , also called Namara ) is a village in southern Syria , administratively part of the al - Suwayda Governorate , located northeast of al - Suwayda .
Tel Katifa ( Hebrew : תל קטיפא‎ ) , was a small Israeli settlement located in the northeast end of the Gush Katif settlement bloc of the Gaza Strip , and evacuated in Israel 's disengagement of 2005 .
Ali Institute of Education Lahore is a private degree - awarding institution located in Lahore , Pakistan .
Pirševo ( pronounced ( ˈpiːɾʃɛʋɔ ) ) is a small settlement in the Tuhinj Valley in the Municipality of Kamnik in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia .
The 1994 Asian Games also known as XII Asiad were held from October 2 to October 16 , 1994 in Hiroshima , Japan .
Sanda University ( 上海杉达学院 ) is the first private university established in People 's Republic of China ( since all universities were made public immediately following the 1949 revolution ) , located in Shanghai .
Kožljevec ( pronounced ( kɔˈʒleːʋəts ) ; in older sources also Kozljevo , German : Koslewz ) is a small settlement in the hills north of Polica in the Municipality of Grosuplje in central Slovenia .
Ruakaka is a small township in the north of New Zealand approximately 30 kilometres south of Whangarei in the Bream Bay area .
Ruza River ( Russian : Руза ) is a river in the Moscow Oblast in Russia , left tributary of the Moscow River .
Chagrianda is a Union council in the Kotli District of Azad Kashmir , Pakistan .
Vedrijan ( pronounced ( ʋɛdɾiˈjaːn ) ) is a village in the Municipality of Brda in the Littoral region of Slovenia .
Mwakeitari ( also written Makeitari ) is a settlement in Kiribati .
Roženpelj ( pronounced ( ˈɾoːʒənpəl ) ) is a small settlement west of Knežja Vas in the Municipality of Trebnje in eastern Slovenia .
The Chiesa dei Domenicani ( German : Dominikanerkirche ) is a medieval church in Bolzano / Bozen , South Tyrol , northern Italy .
Zgierz ( zɡʲɛʂ ) ( German : 1943 - -45 Görnau ) is a town in central Poland , located just to the north of Łódź and part of the metropolitan area centered on that city .
Skage Church ( Norwegian : Skage kirke ) is a parish church in the municipality of Overhalla in Nord - Trøndelag county , Norway .
Kasanka National Park is a park located in the Serenje District of Zambia 's Central Province .
Kerameri or Kerimeri is a village and a Mandal in Adilabad district in the state of Telangana in India .
The Château de Madrid was a Renaissance building in France .
Stade J.F. Kennedy is a track and field stadium in Dudelange , in southern Luxembourg .
Emamzadeh Haroun - e - Velayat ( Persian : امامزاده هارون ولایت‎ ) is an imamzadeh in Isfahan , Iran .
Tequixquiac is the municipality located in Zumpango Region , the northeastern part of the state of Mexico in Mexico , although both are commonly called Tequixquiac .
Following the closure of lines in Broadstairs and Margate , the East Hill Cliff Railway is now the steepest funicular railway in the United Kingdom .
Hurontario Street is a roadway running in Ontario , Canada between Lake Ontario at Mississauga and Lake Huron 's Georgian Bay at Collingwood .
Torodi is a small town and a rural commune in Niger .
Taean County ( Taean - gun ) is a county in South Chungcheong Do , South Korea .
Kasparus ( kasˈparus ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osiek , within Starogard County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Napierville - Laprairie was a former provincial electoral district in Quebec , Canada which elected members to the National Assembly of Quebec ( known as the Legislative Assembly before 1968 ) .
Melon Day is an annual national holiday in Turkmenistan devoted to festivities to celebrate the country 's muskmelon , in particular a recent crossbreed product named `` Turkmenbashi melon '' ( after Turkmenistan 's first president ) , which is praised for its aroma , taste and large size .
Yakimovo Municipality ( Bulgarian : Община Якимово ) is a small municipality ( obshtina ) in Montana Province , Northwestern Bulgaria , located in the area of the Danubian Plain .
Jæren is the largest flat lowland area in Norway , stretching from the municipality of Randaberg in the north to Hå in the south .
Zgornji Petelinjek ( pronounced ( ˈzɡoːɾnji pɛtɛˈliːnjɛk ) ; in older sources also Gornji Petelinjek , German : Oberpetelinek ) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Lukovica in the eastern part of the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia .
Al - Sahwah ( Arabic : السهوة‎ , also spelled el - Sahoa or Sahweh ; also known as Sahwat al - Qamh or Sehwet el - Kamh ) is a village in southern Syria , administratively part of the Daraa Governorate , located east of Daraa .
Urunkhayka ( Kazakh : Урүнхайка ) is a small village in Kazakhstan .
MS Color Fantasy is a cruiseferry owned and operated by Color Line on their route between Oslo in Norway and Kiel in Germany .
Frücht is a small municipality in the federal state of Rhineland - Palatinate in western Germany .
The Oltrarno is a quarter of Florence , Italy .
Izki Natural Park is located in the eastern quarter of the Province of Álava , in the Basque Country autonomous community , Spain .
Techirghiol ( Romanian pronunciation : ( ˈtekirɡjol ) , historical name : Tekirgöl ) is a town in Constanţa County , Romania .
Escuintla ( Spanish pronunciation : ( esˈkwintla ) ) is a city in south central Guatemala .
The Ricoh Arena was the first cashless stadium in the United Kingdom , with customers using a prepay smartcard system in the grounds bars and shops .
Dahu Station ( Chinese : 大湖車站 ; pinyin : Dàhú Chēzhàn ) is a railway station on the Taiwan Railways Administration ( TRA ) Western Line located in Luzhu District , Kaohsiung , Taiwan .
Thirteen Strings is a chamber orchestra in Ottawa , Canada .
The Kushan Pass or Kaoshan Pass ( el . about 4,370 m or 14,340 ft ) is a mountain pass just west of the famous Salang Pass ( 3,878 m. or 12,723 ft . ) in the Hindu Kush mountain range of northern Afghanistan .
The Prešeren Day , the full name being Prešeren Day , the Slovene Cultural Holiday ( Slovene : Prešernov dan , slovenski kulturni praznik ) , is a public holiday celebrated in Slovenia on 8 February .
Nesam Gam ( Persian : نسام گام‎ , also Romanized as Nesām Gām ) is a village in Goli Jan Rural District , in the Central District of Tonekabon County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Karlsøy Church ( Norwegian : Karlsøy kirke ) is a historic parish church in the municipality of Karlsøy in Troms county , Norway .
Vartdal Church ( Norwegian : Vartdal kyrkje ) is a parish church in Ørsta Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county , Norway .
Canton of Champtoceaux is a former canton of France , located in the Maine - et - Loire department , in the Pays de la Loire region .
The Collection de l'art brut ( literally `` Collection of Outsider Art '' ; sometimes referred to as `` Musée de l'art brut '' ) is a museum dedicated to outsider art and located in Lausanne , Switzerland .
Saint Ildefonsus of Toledo Parish Church ( Spanish : Iglesia Parroquial de San Ildefonso de Toledo ) , commonly known as the Tanay Church , is a Roman Catholic church located in the town of Tanay , Rizal Province in the Philippines .
Kjøra is village in the municipality of Orkdal in Sør - Trøndelag county , Norway .
The Domus Galilaeana is a cultural and scientific institute and library , dedicated to the history of science , located in via Santa Maria # 26 , in Pisa , region of Tuscany , Italy .
Corsavy ( Catalan : Cortsaví ) is a commune in the Pyrénées - Orientales department in southern France .
The Macedonian literary circle ( 1938 -- 1941 ) was a literary society created in Sofia , Bulgaria in 1938 by young and educated members of the Macedonian immigrant community , who were Bulgarian communists .
Barbaran ( Persian : بربران‎ , also Romanized as Barbarān ) is a village in Baranduzchay - ye Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Urmia County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Bala Kuyakh ( Persian : بالاكويخ‎ , also Romanized as Bālā Kūyakh ; also known as Kūyakh - e Bālā ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Rasht County , Gilan Province , Iran .
The Shire of Cobram was a local government area on the Murray River in the Goulburn Valley region , about 240 kilometres ( 149 mi ) north of Melbourne , the state capital of Victoria , Australia .
Dąbrowa - Michałki ( dɔmˈbrɔva miˈxau̯ki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czyżew - Osada , within Wysokie Mazowieckie County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Birudur is a village located in the Vandavasi taluk of Tiruvanamalai district in the state of Tamil Nadu , in South India .
Chah - e Taleb Mokhtari ( Persian : چاه طالب مختارئ‎ , also Romanized as Chāh - e Ţāleb Mokhtāri ) is a village in Dokuheh Rural District , Seh Qaleh District , Sarayan County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Rykhtychi ( Ukrainian : Рихтичі ; Polish : Rychcice ) is a town in Lviv Oblast , Drohobych Raion , Ukraine ( zip code - 82151 ) .
Akhfenir is a small town in Tarfaya Province , in the Laâyoune - Sakia El Hamra region of Morocco .
The Sandalysh River is a river in the Pskem Mountains of Chatkal District in Jalal - Abad Region in western Kyrgyzstan .
Home Farm Road ( also referred to as Homefarm Road ) is a regional road situated in upper Drumcondra , Dublin , Ireland .
Brookfield Rail is a rail infrastructure owner and access provider in Western Australia with a long - term lease on the network from the Government of Western Australia .
The British Syrian Society is an association set up to promote relations between Syria and the United Kingdom .
Le Drennec ( Breton : An Dreneg ) is a commune in the Finistère department of Brittany in north - western France .
Mrtovec ( pronounced ( ˈməɾtɔʋəts ) ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Sevnica in central Slovenia .
Simikot Airport ( IATA : IMK , ICAO : VNST ) is an airport serving Simikot , a town in the Humla district of the Karnali zone in Nepal .
Lloyd Robson Oval is a sporting ground in Port Moresby , Papua New Guinea .
The Cernețu River is a tributary of the Timiş River in Romania
The Streetsville Derbys were a Canadian Junior `` A '' ice hockey team from Streetsville , Ontario , Canada .
Qiasiyeh ( Persian : قياسيه‎ , also Romanized as Qīāsīyeh and Qeyāsīyeh ; also known as Kayasa , Qīāseh , and Qiyasa ) is a village in Sonbolabad Rural District , Soltaniyeh District , Abhar County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
Coyhaique ( Spanish pronunciation : ( koiˈaike ) ) , also spelled Coihaique in Patagonia , is the capital city of both the Coyhaique Province and the Aysén Region of Chile .
Ağın is a town and district of Elazığ Province of Turkey .
Radychiv ( Ukrainian Радичів ; German : Raditschew ; English , connected with the Hutterites : Radichev ) is a small village in Koropsky Raion , Chernihiv Oblast , Ukraine .
The Yazidi Movement for Reform and Progress is a Yazidi political party in Iraq .
Topčider ( Serbian Cyrillic : Топчидер , Serbo - Croatian pronunciation : ( tɔ̝̌pt͡ʃide̞r ) ) is a forest park and an urban neighborhood of Belgrade , the capital of Serbia .
Schießanlage is a firing range located in the Hochbrück area of Munich , Germany .
Lázně Jeseník ( until 1948 and in German Gräfenberg ) is a small village in the Olomouc Region of the Czech Republic .
Langanesbyggð is a municipality in northeastern Iceland , just north of Eastern Region .
As of provisional figures of 2011 India census , Shivpuri had a population of 179,972 .
Riachão Ring is a meteorite crater ( astrobleme ) in Brazil .
Radenac ( Breton : Radeneg ) is a commune in the Morbihan department in Brittany in north - western France .
Sribne ( Ukrainian : Срібне , Russian : Срéбное ) is an urban - type settlement in Chernihiv Oblast ( province ) of northern Ukraine .
The Canadian Ice Fishing Championship is a two day annual event held on Lake Simcoe , in Ontario , Canada .
Deh - e Sefid Salianeh ( Persian : ده سفيدساليانه‎ , also Romanized as Deh - e Sefīd Sālīāneh ) is a village in Doab Rural District , in the Central District of Selseleh County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Skaftafell ( ( listen ) ) is a preservation area in Öræfi , southeast Iceland .
España Boulevard is an 8-lane major thoroughfare in Metro Manila named after the Spanish name of Spain , the Philippines ' colonial power for 333 years .
Hasanabad - e Dastgerd ( Persian : حسن اباددستگرد‎ , also Romanized as Ḩasanābād - e Dastgerd ; also known as Ḩoseynābād ) is a village in Poshtkuh Rural District , in the Central District of Khash County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Boneh Anbar ( Persian : بنه انبار‎ , also Romanized as Boneh Ānbār ; also known as Bonehānbār ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Behbahan County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
The Lake Waikaremoana Great Walk is a 44 kilometre tramping track which follows the southern and western coast of Lake Waikaremoana in the North Island of New Zealand .
Posio is a municipality of Finland .
Vlhošť ( German : Wilschtberg ) is the highest mountain ( 614 m ) in Kokořínsko area , Czech Republic .
Lubotyń - Włóki ( luˈbɔtɨɲ ˈvwuki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stary Lubotyń , within Ostrów Mazowiecka County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Sierra del Burro ( also called Serranias del Burro ) is the northernmost finger of the Sierra Madre Oriental in the state of Coahuila , Mexico .
Sylt ( German pronunciation : ( ˈzʏlt ) ; Danish : Sild ; Söl'ring North Frisian : Söl ) is an island in northern Germany , part of Nordfriesland district , Schleswig - Holstein , and well known for the distinctive shape of its shoreline .
Suchedniów - Oblęgorek Landscape Park ( Suchedniowsko - Oblęgorski Park Krajobrazowy ) is a protected area ( Landscape Park ) in south - central Poland , established in 1988 , covering an area of 214.07 square kilometres ( 82.65 sq mi ) .
Cap Fréhel is a peninsula in Côtes - d'Armor , in northern Brittany , France which extends off the Côte d'Émeraude into the Golfe de Saint - Malo .
Far East prisoners of war is a term used in the United Kingdom to describe former British and Commonwealth prisoners of war held in the Far East during the Second World War .
Vänortsparken ( English : Twin Towns ' Park ) , is a park in central Umeå , Västerbotten County , Sweden .
Ålandsparken was an amusement park located in Mariehamn ( in Finnish : Maarianhamina ) , the capital town of the Åland Islands ( in Finnish : Ahvenanmaa ) , an autonomous , demilitarized , monolingually Swedish - speaking administrative province and region of Finland .
Social Democracy and Progress ( Catalan : Socialdemocràcia i Progrés , SDP ) is a political party in Andorra led by Víctor Naudi Zamora .
Alaşa ( also , Alasha and Alashakend ) is a village and municipality in the Astara Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Phugtal Monastery or Phugtal Gompa ( often transliterated as Phuktal ) is a Buddhist monastery located in the remote Lungnak Valley in south - eastern Zanskar , in the autonomous Himalayan region of Ladakh , in Northern India .
Port Rashid ( Arabic : ميناء راشد‎ ; mina'a rāšid ) , also referred to as Mina Rashid , is a man made , commercial port in Dubai , United Arab Emirates .
Harsawa ( Hindi : हरसावा , IAST : Harsāwā ) is a village located in the Sikar district of Shekhawati region , in Rajasthan state , India .
The Göttingen Forest ( German : Göttinger Wald ) is a ridge in Germany 's Central Uplands that is up to 427.5 metres high .
Döllersheim is an abandoned village in the Austrian state of Lower Austria , located in the rural Waldviertel region about 110 km ( 68 mi ) northwest of Vienna .
The Ross River Dam is a rock and eathfill - filled embankment dam across the Ross River , located southwest of Townsville in northern Queensland , Australia .
Durgam Cheruvu is a freshwater lake located in Rangareddy district , Telangana , India .
Tribsees ( German pronunciation : ( tʁiːpˈzeːs ) ) is a municipality in the Vorpommern - Rügen district , in Mecklenburg - Vorpommern , Germany .
Sistiana ( Slovene : Sesljan ) is a village in Friuli - Venezia Giulia , in the far northeast of Italy near the Slovene border .
Antaramut ( Armenian : Անտառամուտ , also romanized as Antarramut ; formerly , K’olageran and Kalagiran ) is a town in the Lori Province of Armenia .
Zvečan Fortress was declared Monument of Culture of Exceptional Importance in 1990 , and it is protected by the Republic of Serbia though lying within Kosovo .
Gorenja Kanomlja ( pronounced ( ɡɔˈɾeːnja kaˈnoːmlja ) ) is a dispersed settlement in the hills northwest of Idrija in the traditional Littoral region of Slovenia .
Kwiatoniów ( kfjaˈtɔɲuf ) ( German : Blümsdorf ) is a village located in the Opole Voivodeship ( southern Poland ) , near the border with the Czech Republic .
Marine Current Turbines Ltd ( MCT ) , a Siemens business , is a United Kingdom - based company which is developing tidal stream generators .
Bilyne ( Ukrainian : Білине ) is a village in Odessa Oblast , southern Ukraine located near the Dniester river border with Moldova .
The University of Carabobo ( Spanish : Universidad de Carabobo ) is an autonomous , public university of Venezuela located in Valencia , Venezuela .
Jordbruksaktuellt , literally meaning Agriculture News , is an agricultural magazine published in Sweden .
Saibai Island Airport ( IATA : SBR , ICAO : YSII ) is an airport on Saibai Island , Queensland , Australia .
Radical Change ( Spanish : Cambio Radical ) is a political party in Colombia .
Mount Besar ( Indonesian : Gunung Besar , means : Big Mountain ) is a stratovolcano in the southeast of Sumatra , Indonesia .
Lgov Prison ( Russian : Льго́вская коло́ния ) , officially Penal Colony No . 3 ( Федеральное бюджетное учреждение `` Исправительная колония № 3 '' УФСИН России по Курской области or ФКУ ИК-3 ) , is a prison in Lgov , Kursk Oblast , in southwestern Russia .
Talan Teidit ( also written Tala - n - Tehidit ) is a village in the commune of Tamanrasset , in Tamanrasset District , Tamanrasset Province , Algeria , 15 kilometres ( 9.3 mi ) south of the city of Tamanrasset in the Hoggar Mountains .
Pabna District ( Bengali : পাবনা জেলা Paabna Jela ) is a district in north - western Bangladesh .
Hoyvík ( Danish : Højvig ) is the third largest town in the Faroe Islands .
Rolvenden railway station is a heritage railway station on the Kent and East Sussex Railway in Tenterden , Kent , in the United Kingdom .
Alnarp is a village and university campus in Lomma Municipality , Skåne County , Sweden , lying between Lund and Malmö .
Baytik ( known as Orto Alysh before 1991 ) is a village in the Alamudun District of Chuy Province , Kyrgyzstan .
Kastrup Boldklub has spent a total of 9 seasons in the highest football league in Denmark , the last in 1987 .
Royal Tomb of King Suro Station ( Hangul : 수로왕릉역 ; hanja : 首露王陵驛 ) is a station of the BGLRT Line of Busan Metro in Oe - dong , Gimhae , South Korea .
La Bâtie - Montgascon is a commune in the Isère department in the Rhône - Alpes region of south - eastern France .
Alcázar de San Juan ( often called simply Alcázar or Alcázar de Consuegra ) is a town and municipality in the province of Ciudad Real , part of the autonomous community of Castile - La Mancha , Spain .
Saraburi is a town ( thesaban mueang ) in central Thailand , capital of Saraburi Province .
Dybła ( ˈdɨbwa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grajewo , within Grajewo County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Tolisa is a place in north - eastern Bosnia and Herzegovina in region Bosanska Posavina .
The Central NSW Mallee Important Bird Area is an irregularly shaped 2500 km2 tract of land in western New South Wales , Australia .
Mundock is an enclave in the Mahe district of Puducherry , India , and a part of the Mahé municipality .
Storlien Station ( Swedish : Storlien station , Norwegian : Storlien stasjon ) is a railway station located at Storlien in Åre Municipality , Sweden .
Yadabad - e Olya ( Persian : يادابادعليا‎ , also Romanized as Yādābād - e Olyá ) is a village in Akhtachi - ye Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Mahabad County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Arensharde ( Danish : Arns Herred ) is an Amt ( `` collective municipality '' ) in the district of Schleswig - Flensburg , in Schleswig - Holstein , Germany .
Buxar district is one of the thirty - eight districts of Bihar state , India .
Saint - Triphon is a village and a Swiss heritage site of national significance in the municipality of Ollon in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland .
Lublin railway station ( Polish Stacja Lublin ) is the most important railway station in Lublin , Poland .
Bacho Kiro High School is a secondary comprehensive school in the town of Pavlikeni in Bulgaria .
Takla Landing Water Aerodrome , ( TC LID : CAZ3 ) , is located on Takla Lake in the Takla Lake Marine Provincial Park , British Columbia , Canada .
Toronto Civic Railways ( TCR ) was an agency created and owned by the City of Toronto , Canada , to run streetcars in newly annexed areas of the city that the private operator Toronto Railway Company refused to serve .
Nowina - Przęsławice ( nɔˈvina pʂɛ̃swaˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pniewy , within Grójec County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The 2013 Balochistan earthquakes took place in late September in southwestern Pakistan .
Meurthe - et - Moselle ( French pronunciation : ​(mœʁte mɔzɛl ) ) is a department in the Alsace - Champagne - Ardenne - Lorraine region of France , named after the Meurthe and Moselle rivers .
Radekhiv ( Ukrainian : Раде́хів , Polish : Radziechów ) is a city in Lviv Oblast ( region ) of Ukraine .
Badah railway station ( Urdu : بادہ ریلوے اسٹیشن‎ ) is located in Pakistan .
Saint - Jean - Kerdaniel ( Breton : Sant - Yann - Gerdaniel ) is a commune in the Côtes - d'Armor département of Brittany in northwestern France .
Quesnel railway station in Quesnel , British Columbia , Canada is a railway station which is used by the Rocky Mountaineer train service .
Mainz - Amöneburg is a district administered by the city of Wiesbaden , Germany .
Eckerö Line operates two ferries ( one for passenger traffic , one for cargo ) between Helsinki ( Finland ) and Tallinn ( Estonia ) .
Kronogård is the name of a launch site for sounding rockets in North Sweden at 66 ° 13′N 19 ° 47′E. Kronogård was originally a hunting post for royal foresters and hunters .
Senou is a small town and seat of the commune of Kemekafo in the Cercle of Dioila in the Koulikoro Region of south - western Mali .
Habaswein is a settlement in Kenya 's Wajir County , which is almost exclusively inhabited by ethnic Somalis .
Alpuri or Alpurai ( Pashto : الپوری‎ ) is the capital of Shangla District in the Khyber - Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan .
Witynie ( viˈtɨɲe ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jedwabne , within Łomża County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
The Calamuchita Department ( Spanish : Departamento Calamuchita ) is a subdivision ( department ) of the province of Córdoba , Argentina .
Veľké Kapušany ( Hungarian : Nagykapos ) is a small town on the eastern plains of Slovakia , not far from the Ukrainian border .
The Palatine Ways of St. James ( German : Pfälzer Jakobswege ) are those sections of the Way of St. James in the Palatinate region of Germany and part of the historic pilgrimage route to the northwest Spanish town of Santiago de Compostela .
Palazzo Bembo is a palace in Venice , Italy , on the Grand Canal , close by the Rialto Bridge and next to the Palazzo Dolfin Manin .
Mwanda Peak is the highest topographical point in the border of Zambia .
Bikin ( Russian : Бики́н ) is a town in Khabarovsk Krai , Russia , located on the Bikin River ( a tributary of the Ussuri ) 230 kilometers ( 140 mi ) southwest of Khabarovsk .
Wiszowate ( viʂɔˈvatɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grabowo , within Kolno County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Princess of Naradhiwas University ( PNU ) is a government sponsored university in Narathiwat , southern Thailand .
Sarchahan ( Persian : سرچاهان‎ , also Romanized as Sarchāhān ) is a village in Tarom Rural District , in the Central District of Hajjiabad County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
The Séminaire des Pères Maristes ( SPM ) is a private , coeducational high school in Quebec City , Quebec , Canada .
The Galleria dell'Accademia di Firenze , or `` Gallery of the Academy of Florence '' , is an art museum in Florence , Italy .
Sheytur ( Persian : شيطور‎ , also Romanized as Sheyţūr and Shaitūr ) is a village in Sabzdasht Rural District , in the Central District of Bafq County , Yazd Province , Iran .
The Timmins Fire Department is the city of Timmins , Ontario , Canada 's fire emergency services .
Kornstad is a village ( and a former municipality ) in Møre og Romsdal county , Norway .
Paung ( Burmese : ပေါင်မြို့ ; Mon : ပံင် , ( pɔŋ ) ) is a town in the Mon State of south - east Myanmar .
Al Qadarif ( Arabic : القضارف‎ Al Qaḍārif ) , also spelt Gedaref , Gedarif or El Gadarif , is the capital of the state of Al Qadarif in Sudan .
Vichuga ( Russian : Ви́чуга ) is a town in Ivanovo Oblast , Russia , located 65 kilometers ( 40 mi ) northeast of Ivanovo .
The Kaohsiung MRT Siaogang Station is the terminal station on the Red Line in Siaogang District , Kaohsiung , Taiwan .
The Arc de Berà ( sometimes written Barà ) is a triumphal arch some 20 km north - east of the city of Tarragona , Catalonia , Spain , close to Roda de Barà .
The Wetteraukreis is a Kreis ( district ) in the middle of Hesse , Germany .
League1 Ontario ( L1O ) is a semi - professional men 's and women 's soccer league in Ontario , Canada , and is sanctioned by the Canadian Soccer Association and the Ontario Soccer Association as a Division III league in the Canadian soccer league system .
Gilford Island / Health Bay Water Aerodrome , ( TC LID : CAD7 ) , is located adjacent to Gilford Island , British Columbia , Canada near the Kwakwaka'wakw village of Gwayasdums .
Nor Kokhp ( also , Nor - Kokhb ) is a town in the Yerevan region of Armenia .
Salak Airport ( IATA : MVR , ICAO : FKKL ) , is an airport serving Maroua , the capital of the Far North Region in Cameroon .
The Catalan Way ( Catalan : Via Catalana ) , also known as the Catalan Way towards Independence ( Catalan : Via Catalana cap a la Independència ) , was a 480-kilometre ( 300 mi ) human chain in support of Catalan independence from Spain .
Leganés ( Spanish pronunciation : ( le.ɣa.ˈnes ) ) is a city in central Spain .
Vekerd ( Romanian : Vecherd ) is a village in Hajdú - Bihar county , in the Northern Great Plain region of eastern Hungary .
Sainte - Anne - du - Lac Water Aerodrome , ( TC LID : CSP9 ) , is located on Lake Tapani in Sainte - Anne - du - Lac , Quebec , Canada .
Osnabrück (; ; archaic ) is a city in the federal state of Lower - Saxony in north - west Germany .
Somerset MRT Station ( NS23 ) is an underground station on the North South Line of the Mass Rapid Transit in Singapore , located under 313@Somerset Shopping Centre between Orchard Road and Somerset Road .
Sadovo ( Bulgarian : Садово ) is a small town in Sadovo Municipality , Plovdiv Province , central Bulgaria , and the administrative center of Plovdiv .
Biscay ( in Basque and officially Bizkaia and in Spanish Vizcaya ) is a province of Spain located just south of the Bay of Biscay .
Gravina in Puglia ( Latin : Silvium ; Greek : Σιλούϊον ) is a town and comune of the Metropolitan City of Bari , Apulia , southern Italy .
Sahlenburg is a borough of the city Cuxhaven near the mouth of the river Elbe in Lower Saxony , Germany .
The Imataka Mountains are located in the north - west of Guyana and north - east of Venezuela .
The Independent Republicans ( French : Républicains Indépendants , RI ) were a liberal - conservative political group in France founded in 1962 , which became a political party in 1966 known as the National Federation of the Independent Republicans ( Fédération nationale des républicains et indépendants , FNRI ) .
Weatherall Bay is an Arctic waterway in Qikiqtaaluk Region , Nunavut , Canada .
Milan 's Zoo was a Zoo in Milan , Lombardy , northern Italy , created in the Indro Montanelli Public Gardens in 1932 and closed in 1992 .
The Temryuk Bay ( Russian : Темрюкский залив ) is a gulf or bay of the Sea of Azov located on the northern coast of the Taman Peninsula , Krasnodar Krai , Russia .
Kansanga is a location in Kampala , Uganda 's capital and largest city .
Tuzi ( Montenegrin , Bosnian : Тузи / Tuzi , pronounced ( tǔːzi ) ; Albanian : Tuz ) is a small town in the Podgorica Municipality , Montenegro , located along a main road between the city of Podgorica and the Albanian border crossing , just a few kilometers north of Lake Skadar .
Kamarkawarai - tepui , also spelled Kamarkaiwaran or Camarcai - barai , is the easternmost and tallest of the four main tepuis of the Los Testigos chain in Bolívar , Venezuela .
Voergaard Castle ( Danish : Voergaard Slot ) is a moated Renaissance manor house located 10 km north of Dronninglund on the North Jutland island in north - western Denmark .
Argo District ( Persian : شهرستان ارکو‎‎ / Pashto : دارگو ولسوالی‎ ) is one of the 28 districts in Badakhshan Province , Afghanistan .
The Domain Athletic Centre is one of the premier athletics facilities in Tasmania , Australia , and is located on the Queens Domain in the capital city of Hobart .
Tandzaver ( Armenian : Տանձավեր ) is a village and rural community ( municipality ) in the Syunik Province of Armenia .
Surval Montreux is an international all - girls boarding school in Montreux , Switzerland .
Uthamapalayam division is a revenue division in the Theni district of Tamil Nadu , India .
Tetrabad ( Persian : تترآباد‎ , also Romanized as Tetrābād ) is a village in Doab Rural District , in the Central District of Selseleh County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Nikolinci ( Serbian Cyrillic : Николинци , Romanian : Nicolinţ ) is a village in Serbia .
Los Reyes Acozac is a community that belongs to the municipality of Tecámac in the State of Mexico in Mexico .
The Akademos Rally is an annual car rally held in Victoria , Australia by the Melbourne University Car Club .
Norddal Church ( Norwegian : Norddal kyrkje ) , also known as Dale Church , is an octagonal parish church in Norddal Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county , Norway .
The Peñalara Natural Park ( Spanish : Parque Natural de la Cumbre , Circo y Lagunas de Peñalara ) is a natural park of 7.68 km² in the northwest of the Community of Madrid , Spain .
The Sanctuary of Oropa ( Italian : santuario di Oropa ) , is a group of Roman Catholic buildings and structures in the municipality of Biella , Italy .
The House of Gallardo ( Spanish : Casa Gallardo ) is a building located in Madrid , Spain .
Berkovići ( Serbian Cyrillic : Берковићи ) is a village and a municipality in southern Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
The Palazzo Vecchio ( Italian pronunciation : ( paˈlattso ˈvɛkkjo ) `` Old Palace '' ) is the town hall of Florence , Italy .
Hacıbəbir ( also , Gadzhi - Babir and Gadzhybabir ) is a village and municipality in the Sabirabad Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Dudah Chay ( Persian : دوده چاي‎ , also Romanized as Dūdah Chāy ; also known as Deheh Chāy ) is a village in Ilat - e Qaqazan - e Gharbi Rural District , Kuhin District , Qazvin County , Qazvin Province , Iran .
Preveg ( in older sources also Prevek ) is a small settlement in the hills above the right bank of the Sava River in the Municipality of Litija in central Slovenia .
Verin Hand ( also , Verin And ) is a town in the Syunik Province of Armenia .
Boneh - ye Sarhadi ( Persian : بنه سرحدي‎ , also Romanized as Boneh - ye Sarḩadī ; also known as Sarḩadī ) is a village in Sar Asiab - e Yusefi Rural District , Bahmai - ye Garmsiri District , Bahmai County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
The Municipality of Kostanjevica na Krki ( Slovene : Občina Kostanjevica na Krki ) is a municipality in the traditional Lower Carniola region of southern Slovenia .
Al Awaynat or Alawinat ( Arabic : العوينات‎ ) or Serdeles is a small town located in the Sahara Desert in Libya .
Skakovci ( pronounced ( ˈskaːkɔu̯tsi ) ; Hungarian : Szécsényifalva , Prekmurje Slovene : Skokovci ) is a village in the Municipality of Cankova in the Prekmurje region of northeastern Slovenia .
Richmond Gulf ( French : Lac Guillaume - Delisle ; Inuktitut : Tasiujaq ( which resembles a lake ) ) is a large triangular - shaped inland bay located on east side of Hudson Bay just above 56th parallel north in Quebec , Canada .
Reç ( also known as Reç i Poshtëm ) is a settlement in the former Shkrel municipality , Shkodër County , northern Albania .
Crnoljeva ( Serbian Cyrillic : Црнољева ; Albanian : Carralevë or Mali i Carralevës ) is a mountain in central Kosovo , dividing its two main geographical regions , the Kosovo Plain and Metohija .
Medija Castle ( Slovene : Medijski grad , Grad Medija , German : Schloss Gallenegg ) is a castle ruin located in the southern part of the settlement of Podlipovica , west of Izlake , in the Municipality of Zagorje ob Savi , central - eastern Slovenia .
National Yunlin University of Science and Technology ( YunTech ; Chinese : 國立雲林科技大學 ) is a research - intensive technical university in Yunlin County , Taiwan .
Patriot Park is a future theme park in Kubinka , Russia that will be themed around equipment of the Russian military .
Angers ( French : ( ɑ̃.ʒe ) ) is a city in western France , about 300 km ( 190 mi ) southwest of Paris .
Pekan Tutong is one of the towns in Brunei and the capital of Tutong District .
Grąblewo ( ɡrɔmˈblɛvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodzisk Wielkopolski , within Grodzisk Wielkopolski County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Zengamina is a small hydroelectric power generation plant near Kalene Hill , Mwinilunga District in northwestern Zambia .
Abeh - ye Golha ( Persian : ابه گلها‎ , also Romanized as Ābeh - ye Golhā ; also known as Golhā ) is a village in Nezamabad Rural District , in the Central District of Azadshahr County , Golestan Province , Iran .
A Certificate of Higher Education ( Cert . HE / CertHE ) is a higher education qualification in the United Kingdom .
Chwalibogowo Palace - palace in Chwalibogowo ( Września County , Poland ) .
Lingwu ( simplified Chinese : 灵武市 ; traditional Chinese : 靈武市 ; pinyin : Língwǔ Shì ) is the most important industrial city of the Ningxia Hui Autonomous Region , in the northwestern region of the People 's Republic of China .
Toronto Montessori Schools , now rebranded to `` TMS School '' , is one of the oldest Montessori schools in Canada .
Bergrivier Local Municipality is a local municipality in the Western Cape province of South Africa .
Naziya ( Russian : Назия ) is an urban locality ( an urban - type settlement ) in Kirovsky District of Leningrad Oblast , Russia , located on the left bank of the Lava River and on the right bank of the Kovra River , east of the town of Kirovsk .
The Letseng diamond mine , found in the landlocked Southern African kingdom of Lesotho , is owned by Gem Diamonds , Ltd. and the government of Lesotho , and at an elevation of 3,100 m ( 10,000 ft ) it is the world 's highest diamond mine .
Karlova Studánka ( German : Bad Karlsbrunn ) is a spa village in Bruntál District , Moravian - Silesian Region , Czech Republic .
Diario Sur is a regional newspaper of Málaga , Spain .
Svobodinovo ( Bulgarian : Свободиново ) is a village in Chernoochene Municipality , in Kardzhali Province , in southern - central Bulgaria .
Mount Gharat or Mount Garet ( 797 m ) is the highest peak on the volcanic island of Gaua of the Banks Islands in northern Vanuatu .
Pirhəsənli ( also , Pirgasanli and Pirgasanly ) is a village and municipality in the Agsu Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Chipilo is a small city in the state of Puebla , Mexico .
Rybotycze ( rɨbɔˈtɨt͡ʂɛ ) ( Yiddish : ריבאטיטש ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Fredropol , within Przemyśl County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland , close to the border with Ukraine .
Open to visitors throughout the year , the Victoria Falls National Park in north - western Zimbabwe protects the south and east bank of the Zambezi River in the area of the world - famous Victoria Falls .
The Dabene Treasure ( Bulgarian : Дъбенското съкровище ) was unearthed in 2004 near the village of Dabene in the municipality of Karlovo , Plovdiv Province , central Bulgaria .
Slottsarkivet ( the Palace Archive ) is an archive at Stockholm Palace , Sweden .
The Royal Observer Corps 21 Group Headquarters and the Western Sector Control of the United Kingdom Warning and Monitoring Organisation used to be located on Langley Lane , on the border of the parishes of Goosnargh and Whittingham .
Chahar Afshar - e Sofla ( Persian : چهارافشارسفلي‎ , also Romanized as Chahār Afshār - e Soflá ) is a village in Kakavand - e Sharqi Rural District , Kakavand District , Delfan County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Ribeira do Calhau is a stream in the eastern part of the island of São Vicente in Cape Verde .
Banera is a tehsil located in the Bhilwara district in the state of Rajasthan in India .
Hamilton Street Circuit was a temporary street circuit in Hamilton , New Zealand .
Bajada del Agrio is a village and municipality in the Picunches department in Neuquén Province in southwestern Argentina .
Staniew ( ˈstaɲef ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koźmin Wielkopolski , within Krotoszyn County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
The Rama Dam is a concrete - face rock - fill dam on the Rama River , a tributary of the Neretva River , about 4 km ( 2.5 mi ) southwest of the town of Prozer in the Herzegovina - Neretva Canton of Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Wielki Szyszak ( Czech : Vysoké Kolo , German : Hohes Rad , literally Big Helmet ) is a mountain on the border between the Czech Republic and Poland .
Sabah State Mosque or Masjid Negeri Sabah is the state mosque of Sabah , located at Jalan Tunku Abdul Rahman , Sembulan , Kota Kinabalu , Sabah , Malaysia .
Panjabari ( Assamese : পাঞ্জাবাৰী ) is a locality in Guwahati , Assam , India .
Barus is a kecamatan ( district ) in Central Tapanuli Regency , North Sumatra Province , Sumatra , Indonesia .
Yawan Airport ( ICAO : OAYW ) is a public use airport located in the Yawan District , Badakhshan , Afghanistan .
Zgornji Brnik ( pronounced ( ˈzɡoːɾnji ˈbəɾːnik ) ; in older sources also Zgornji Bernik , German : Oberfernig ) is a village in the Municipality of Cerklje na Gorenjskem in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia .
Webbo District ( Nyaake ) was a district of River Gee County , Liberia .
Pineda , Guerrero is a small village belonging to the municipality of Coyuca de Catalan , state of Guerrero , Mexico .
Sokhumi State University ( In Georgian სოხუმის სახელმწიფო უნივერსიტეტი ) is a state University , based in Tbilisi ( Georgia ) .
Ochoża - Kolonia ( ɔˈxɔʐa kɔˈlɔɲa ) ( Ukrainian : Колонія Охожа , Koloniya Okhozha ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chełm , within Chełm County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Steinsdalsfossen ( also called Øvsthusfossen or Øfsthusfossen ) is a waterfall in the village of Steine in the municipality of Kvam in Hordaland county , Norway .
Sankt Veit an der Gölsen is a town in the district of Lilienfeld in the Austrian federal state of Lower Austria .
Pelinnaioi ( Greek : Πελινναίοι ) is a former municipality in the Trikala regional unit , Thessaly , Greece .
Dronningens Tværgade ( lit . `` The Queen 's Cross Street '' ) is a street in central Copenhagen , Denmark , which runs from Bredgade to Rosenborg Castle Garden .
Rowień - Folwarki is a district in the north - west of Żory , Silesian Voivodeship , southern Poland .
The Rural Municipality of Vanscoy No . 345 , Saskatchewan is located southwest of the city of Saskatoon , Canada .
Nowogrodziec ( nɔvɔˈɡrɔd͡ʑet͡s ) ( German : Naumburg am Queis ) is a town in Bolesławiec County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
The Protestant church of Burgum or Cross Church or Saint Martin 's church is a religious building in Burgum , Netherlands , one of the medieval churches in Friesland .
Fürstenfeld Airport ( German : Flugplatz Fürstenfeld , ICAO : LOGF ) is a private use airport located 2 kilometres ( 1.2 mi ) north - northeast of Fürstenfeld , Steiermark , Austria .
Forrest Chase is a major shopping centre in Forrest Place located in Perth , Western Australia .
The Médaille de la Famille française ( English : Medal of the French Family ) is a decoration awarded by the government of France to honour those who have successfully raised several children with dignity .
Olonets ( Russian : Оло́нец ; Karelian : Anus , Anuksenlinnu ; Finnish : Aunus , Aunuksenlinna or Aunuksenkaupunki ) is a town and the administrative center of Olonetsky District of the Republic of Karelia , Russia , located on the Olonka River to the east from Lake Ladoga .
Fak Tha ( Thai : ฟากท่า ) is a village and tambon ( subdistrict ) of Fak Tha District , in Uttaradit Province , Thailand .
Sibebe is a granite mountain in Swaziland , located 10 km from the capital city Mbabane .
The National Society for Road Safety ( Swedish : Nationalföreningen för trafiksäkerhetens främjande ) is a road traffic safety organization in Sweden .
Moezzabad - e Gurgir ( Persian : معزابادگورگير‎ , also Romanized as Mo``ezzābād - e Gūrgīr ; also known as Gūgīr and Gūrgīr ) is a village in Korbal Rural District , in the Central District of Kharameh County , Fars Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 1,230 , in 311 families .
Braubach is a municipality in the Rhein - Lahn - Kreis , in Rhineland - Palatinate , Germany .
Zaamin National Park ( Jizzakh Province ) is the oldest nature preserve in Uzbekistan , created in 1926 as Guralash Nature Preserve on the northern slopes of the western part of Turkestan Range , in the valleys of the rivers Kulsoy , Guralash , Baikungur , and Aldashmansoy .
Shahrak - e Ardkapan ( Persian : شهرك اردكپان‎ , also Romanized as Shahrak - e Ārdkapān ) is a village in Bakan Rural District , Hasanabad District , Eqlid County , Fars Province , Iran .
' Nawagai ' is a town in the Bajaur Agency of the Federally Administered Tribal Areas of Pakistan .
Landsvirkjun , the National Power Company of Iceland , is Iceland 's largest electricity generator and one of the ten largest producers of renewable energy in Europe .
The Dunsink Observatory is an astronomical observatory established in 1785 in the townland of Dunsink near the city of Dublin , Ireland .
Rancho El Barril Airstrip is a private airstrip located 2 miles from El Barril , Municipality of Ensenada , Baja California , Mexico , in Rancho `` El Barril '' , a camp located South of Punta San Francisquito , on the Gulf of California coast .
Ošve ( Serbian : Ошве ) is a village in the municipality of Maglaj , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
José Joaquín de Olmedo International Airport ( Spanish : Aeropuerto Internacional José Joaquín de Olmedo ; IATA : GYE , ICAO : SEGY ) is an airport serving Guayaquil , a city in the province of Guayas in Ecuador .
The Longford Prize is an annual award presented in the United Kingdom to an organisation or individual working in the field of social or penal reform .
Kastor und Pollux , also known as Forum Frankfurt , are two high rise buildings in the Gallus district of Frankfurt , Germany .
The Juan Carlos Castagnino Municipal Museum of Art is the premier museum of fine arts in Mar del Plata , Argentina .
Žampach viaduct is a railway arch bridge in the Czech Republic near the village of Žampach , part of Kamenný Přívoz , Prague - West District .
Gangpur State , also known as Gangpore State , was one of the princely states of India during the period of the British Raj .
Wicewo ( viˈt͡sɛvɔ ) ( German : Vietzow ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tychowo , within Białogard County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Salihorsk ( Belarusian : Салігорск ; Russian : Солигорск , Soligorsk ) is a city in Belarus .
Ngaio Railway Station is one of eight railway stations on the Johnsonville Branch , a commuter branch railway north of Wellington in New Zealand 's North Island , and serves the suburb of Ngaio .
Melkari Rural District ( Persian : دهستان ملكارئ‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Vazineh District , Sardasht County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Ustaritz ( Basque : Uztaritze ) is a town in the traditional Basque province of Labourd , now a commune in the Pyrénées - Atlantiques department in south - western France .
Skórki ( ˈskurki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rogowo , within Żnin County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Jeziora Wielkie ( jɛˈʑɔra ˈvjɛlkʲɛ ) is a village in Mogilno County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Yellowknife Water Aerodrome ( TC LID : CEN9 ) , is adjacent to the `` old town '' section of Yellowknife , Northwest Territories , Canada on both Back Bay and East Bay of Great Slave Lake .
The Cima di Fojorina ( also spelled Cima di Fiorina ) is a mountain of the Lugano Prealps , located on the border between Switzerland and Italy .
Podmol ( Подмол ) is a village in the district of Prilep , in the Republic of Macedonia .
Pava ( now Fazilnagar ) is a city in ancient India , at the time of Gautama Buddha .
The Baner - Pashan Biodiversity Park is a proposed 200 hectare protected region currently under development in the Baner and Pashan suburbs of Pune , India by the Pune Municipal Corporation .
Kiev Chaika Airfield ( Ukrainian : Аеродром `` Київ Чайка '' , also given as Kiev West ) is an airport in Ukraine located in Petropavlivs'ka Borshchahivka ( Kiev - Sviatoshyn Raion ) , about 15 km ( 9 mi ) west of Kiev .
Parade College is a Catholic all - boys multi - campus secondary school , run under the auspices of the Congregation of Christian Brothers and Edmund Rice Education Australia .
HM Prison Dhurringile is a minimum security prison located in Dhurringile , Victoria , Australia .
Mansiri Himal is a small , high subrange of the Himalaya in north - central Nepal , about 100 km northwest of Kathmandu .
Nahal Betzet ( Hebrew : נחל בצת‎ , Arabic : Wadi Karkara‎ ) ( lit . `` Betzet stream '' ) is a once - perennial and now intermittent stream in the Upper Galilee , Israel .
Ponte Almirante Sarmento Rodrigues ( also known as the Ponte Rodoviária de Barca d'Alva ) is a road bridge over the Douro , located near the village of Barca d'Alva in Guarda District , Portugal , around 800 m west of the border to Spain .
Majdan Borowski Pierwszy ( ˈmai̯dan bɔˈrɔfski ˈpjɛrfʂɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rudnik , within Krasnystaw County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Whitianga Aerodrome ( IATA : WTZ , ICAO : NZWT ) serves the town of Whitianga , New Zealand .
Sithor Kandal District ( Khmer : ស្រុកស៊ីធរកណ្ដាល ) is a district located in Prey Veng Province , in south eastern Cambodia .
Bagatao Island Lighthouse is a historic lighthouse located on Bagatao Island on the eastern side of the entrance to Sorsogon Bay , in the province of Sorsogon in the Philippines .
Los Frailes Airstrip ( IATA : N / A ) is a dirt airstrip located in Los Frailes , Municipality of Los Cabos , Baja California Sur , Mexico , a little village located on the Gulf of California coast , in the East Cape area .
Łosiniany ( wɔɕiˈɲanɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krynki , within Sokółka County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland , close to the border with Belarus .
Gorno - Altaysk Airport ( Russian : Аэропорт Горно-Алтайск ) ( IATA : RGK , ICAO : UNBG ) is an airport in Russia located 9 km west of Gorno - Altaysk .
Hamburg Towers is a professional basketball team , based in Hamburg , Germany .
Deep Roots currently airs on CBC Radio 2 throughout Canada on Saturdays at 5:00 p.m. ( 6:00 AT , 6:30 NT ) and Sundays at 5:00 p.m. ( 5:30 NT ) .
The 2012 Campeonato Cearense de Futebol was the 98th season of the top professional football league in the state of Ceará , Brazil .
Lesenovci ( Serbian : Лесеновци ) is a village in the municipality of Aleksandrovac , Serbia .
Perachora ( Greek : Περαχώρα ) is an inland settlement in Loutraki - Perachora - Agioi Theodoroi , Corinthia , in the region of Peloponnese in Greece .
Hamish Hamilton Limited originally specialized in fiction , and was responsible for publishing a number of American authors in the United Kingdom -- including J.D. Salinger 's Catcher in the Rye .
Collège Sévigné was also the first school in France to open a kindergarten , in 1909 .
Goli Jan Rural District ( Persian : دهستان گليجان‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Tonekabon County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
The Veer Union is a Canadian rock band from Vancouver , British Columbia , Canada .
Kållandsö is an island in lake Vänern in Sweden .
Kępa Rybacka ( ˈkɛmpa rɨˈbat͡ska ) ( German : Fischerskampe ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Elbląg , within Elbląg County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The Republic of Dagestan ( /dɑːɡᵻˈstɑːn/ or /ˈdæɡᵻstæn/ ; Russian : Респу́блика Дагеста́н , Respublika Dagestan ) , also spelled Daghestan , is a federal subject ( a republic ) of Russia , located in the North Caucasus region .
Adria is a town and comune in the province of Rovigo in the Veneto region of Northern Italy , situated between the mouths of the rivers Adige and Po .
The Sønder Kirkeby Runestone , listed as runic inscription DR 220 in the Rundata catalog , is a Viking Age memorial runestone that was discovered in Sønder Kirkeby , which is located about 5 kilometers east of Nykøbing Falster , Denmark .
Strymonas ( Greek : Στρυμώνας ) is a former municipality in the Serres regional unit , Greece .
Drawa National Park ( Polish : Drawieński Park Narodowy ) is located in north - western Poland , on the border of Greater Poland , Lubusz and West Pomeranian Voivodeships .
Macarthur Anglican School is an independent , Anglican , co - educational , day school , located in Cobbitty , a suburb of Sydney , New South Wales , Australia .
Ahwar ( Arabic : أحور‎ ) a town in south - central Yemen .
The Yamatane Museum ( 山種美術館 , Yamatane Bijutsukan ) is a museum in Japan specializing in the nihonga style of Japanese watercolour painting .
Ushite Peak ( Bulgarian : Връх Ушите / `` Ears Peak '' ) is a peak rising to 1,860 metres ( 6,100 ft ) in northern Vitosha Mountain , Bulgaria .
Vilnius District Municipality ( Lithuanian : Vilniaus rajono savivaldybė ; Polish : Samorząd Rejonu Wileńskiego ) is one of 60 municipalities in Lithuania .
Now Guran ( Persian : نوگوران‎ , also Romanized as Now Gūrān ) is a village in Khorram Rud Rural District , in the Central District of Lenjan County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Te Kaha is a small New Zealand community situated in the Bay of Plenty near Opotiki .
Ağköynək ( also , Agkeynak and Ağ Köynək ) is a village and municipality in the Qazakh Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Əngəvül ( also , Angevul and Angyavul '' ) is a village in the Yardymli Rayon of Azerbaijan .
The Alpi Cusiane ( or Prealpi Cusiane ) are a sub - range of the Pennine Alps located in Piemonte ( Italy ) .
The Château Sainte - Marie is a castle dating from the second half of the 16th century , modified and altered during the 19th century , in the commune of Longages in the Haute - Garonne département of France .
Forsån ( Swedish : `` Rapids ' Stream '' ) is a stream in southern Stockholm , Sweden .
The Millstream Falls ( Aboriginal : Yindinji ) , a tiered plunge waterfall on The Millstream , is located in the UNESCO World Heritage -- listed Wet Tropics in the Far North region of Queensland , Australia .
Witten / Herdecke University ( UW / H ) is a private university in Witten , North Rhine - Westphalia , Germany .
Évasion FM ( styled EVASION ) , is a French private regional radio station created in 1983 owned by the HPI Groupe and based at Courcouronnes ( France ) .
Mata Abajo is a settlement in Cuba near Guantánamo Bay , located in the municipality of Caimanera , near the borders with Guantánamo .
The Maple Leaf Cricket Club is a cricket club in King City , Ontario , Canada , about 30 kilometres north of Toronto .
Tolmachyovo ( Russian : Толмачёво ) is an urban locality ( an urban - type settlement ) in Luzhsky District of Leningrad Oblast , Russia , located on the right bank of the Luga River , northeast of the town of Luga .
Tharwat ( Arabic : ثروت‎ ) is a neighborhood in Alexandria , Egypt .
The Garonne ( French : Garonne , IPA : ( ɡa.ʁɔn ) ; in Occitan , Catalan , Portuguese and Spanish : Garona ; Latin : Garumna or Garunna ) is a river in southwest France and northern Spain , with a length of 602 kilometres ( 374 mi ) .
The Soot Canal , constructed in 1849 , has Norway 's oldest sluice gates .
Waldems is a community in the Rheingau - Taunus - Kreis in the Regierungsbezirk of Darmstadt in Hesse , Germany .
Seoul National University Bundang Hospital ( 분당 서울대병원 ) is located in Gumi - dong , Bundang , Seongnam , Gyeonggi - do , South Korea .
Saskatchewan Hospital was the first mental health hospital to be built in Saskatchewan , Canada .
The Akvitlak Islands are an island group located in the Coronation Gulf , south of Victoria Island , in the Kitikmeot Region , Nunavut , Canada .
Debeli Rtič ( Slovene : Debeli rtič , Italian : Punta Grossa ) is a cape in the northern Adriatic Sea on the border between Slovenia and Italy .
Sawsiqucha or Sawsi Qucha ( Quechua sawsi willow , qucha lake , `` willow lake '' , hispanicized spellings and names Sauce , Saucecocha , Sauce Cocha ) , also locally known as Laguna Azul ( English for `` blue lake '' ) , is a lake in Peru .
Qeshlaq - e Quinak ( Persian : قشلاق قويينك‎ , also Romanized as Qeshlāq - e Qū’īnak ; also known as Qū’īnak ) is a village in Behnampazuki - ye Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Varamin County , Tehran Province , Iran .
Študa ( pronounced ( ˈʃtuːda ) ; in older sources also Studa ; German : Studa ) is a former village that is now part of Domžale in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia .
The Kakahu River is a river of south Canterbury , New Zealand .
Popular Force ( Spanish : Fuerza Popular , FP ) , until 2012 called Force 2011 ( Spanish : Fuerza 2011 ) , is a conservative Fujimorista political party in Peru .
Mungyeong Saejae ( Hangul : 문경새재 ) is a mountain pass in central South Korea .
Haveli Lakha ( Punjabi , Urdu : حویلی لكهّا‎ ) is a city in Depalpur Tehsil of Okara District in the Punjab province of Pakistan .
Komarane ( Serbian Cyrillic : Комаране ) is a village in Central Serbia ( Šumadija ) , in the municipality of Rekovac ( Region of Levač ) , lying at 43 ° 49′55``N 21 ° 04′40''E , at the elevation of 280 m. According to the 2002 census , the village had 254 citizens .
Faulenrost is a municipality in the Mecklenburgische Seenplatte district , in Mecklenburg - Vorpommern , north - east Germany .
Bandung Alliance Intercultural School ( BAIS ) is in Kota Baru Parahyangan , a development on the outskirts of Bandung , Indonesia .
Aluchin ( Persian : الوچين‎ , also Romanized as Ālūchīn ) is a village in Charuymaq - e Jonubegharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Charuymaq County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Kudakan ( Persian : كودكان‎ , also Romanized as Kūdakān ) is a village in Machian Rural District , Kelachay District , Rudsar County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Sługocin - Kolonia ( swuˈɡɔt͡ɕin kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lądek , within Słupca County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Chah - e Bar ( Persian : چاه بر‎ , also Romanized as Chāh - e Bar , Chāh Bar , and Chāh Bor ) is a village in Montazeriyeh Rural District , in the Central District of Tabas County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Cabezo de Altomira is a mountain located about 4 km NE of the town of Alfamén , Campo de Cariñena comarca , Aragon , Spain .
Thirumarayoor is a small village situated around 7 km from Piravom in the Ernakulam district of Kerala , India .
Metro Hall is a 27-storey Postmodern office tower at the corner of Wellington and John Streets in Toronto , Canada .
Dalcombank is one of the largest regional banks of Russia .
Tropolje or Završje or Western Regions ( Croatian : Zapadne strane ) is a historical region in Bosnia and Herzegovina that encompasses territory around karst fields of Livno , Duvno and Glamoč .
Zvenigorod ( Russian : Звени́город ) is an old town in Moscow Oblast , Russia .
Şərəfxanlı ( also , Şərəfxanli and Sharafkhanly ) is a village and municipality in the Aghjabadi Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Pathum Thani ( Thai : ปทุมธานี , pronounced ( pā.tʰūm tʰāːnīː ) ) is a town ( thesaban mueang ) in central Thailand , directly north of Bangkok .
Súlnasker is a small island in the Vestmann Islands , south of Iceland .
Hay - on - Wye is a destination for bibliophiles in the United Kingdom , still with two dozen bookshops , many selling specialist and second - hand books , although the number has declined sharply in recent years , many becoming general antique shops and similar .
Geelong Airport ( IATA : GEX , ICAO : YGLG ) was a small airfield specifically for light aircraft located in Mount Duneed , Victoria , Australia .
The Kaban Lakes ( Russian : Кабан , lit . Boar ) are a system of lakes in Kazan , Republic of Tatarstan , Russia that includes Nizhny ( Blizhny ) Kaban , Verkhny Kaban , and Sredny Kaban .
Dehnow - e Amlak ( Persian : دهنواملاك‎ , also Romanized as Dehnow - e Āmlāk ; also known as Dehnu - e Āmlāk ) is a village in Dowlatabad Rural District , in the Central District of Jiroft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Moutoullas ( Greek : Μουτουλλάς ( locally ( mutuˈlːas ) ) ) is a mountain village in the Nicosia District of Cyprus , at an elevation of 800 m ( 2,600 ft ) in Marathasa Valley .
Sartory - Saal is a concert hall located in Innenstadt , Cologne , Germany .
Dreamworld 's 30th Birthday was celebrated throughout 2011 at the Dreamworld amusement park on the Gold Coast , Australia .
Bachalpsee or Bachse is a lake with an area of 8.06 ha ( 19.9 acres ) close to the First ( which can be reached with a cable car ) above Grindelwald in the Bernese Oberland , Switzerland .
Hum Hum is a waterfall in Moulvibazar , Bangladesh .
The Museo de la Estampa ( Museum of Graphic Arts ) is a museum in Mexico City , dedicated to the history , preservation and promotion of Mexican graphic arts .
Kuźniaki ( kuʑˈɲaki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strawczyn , within Kielce County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Munkerup is a coastal district of Hornbæk - Dronningmølle in the north of Zealand , Denmark .
Frluga ( pronounced ( fəɾˈluːɡa ) ; in older sources also Ferluga ) is a small settlement in the Gorjanci Hills in the Municipality of Krško in eastern Slovenia , close to the border with Croatia .
The Médanos Isthmus is a sandy isthmus in Venezuela that connects the Paraguaná Peninsula with the rest of Falcón State .
Maro River flows in Merauke Regency , Papua Province , Indonesia .
Quchash ( Persian : قوچاش‎ , also Romanized as Qūchāsh ) is a village in Hajjilar - e Shomali Rural District , Hajjilar District , Chaypareh County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Merkaz Yael is a communal settlement in the Ta'anakh region in northern Israel .
Chippenham Lodge is a heritage building in the Christchurch , New Zealand suburb of St Albans .
Sostis ( Greek : Σώστης ; Turkish : Susurköy ) is a village and a former municipality in the Rhodope regional unit , East Macedonia and Thrace , Greece .
The 1627 Gargano earthquake struck Gargano , southern Italy at about mid - day on 30 July 1627 .
Cutupú is a small town in the northern part of La Vega Province in the Dominican Republic .
The University of Nariño ( Spanish : Universidad de Nariño ) , also called Udenar , is a public , coeducational , research university based primarily in the city of Pasto , Nariño , Colombia .
Malfejan Rural District ( Persian : دهستان مالفجان‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Siahkal County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Krnov ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈkr̩nof ) ; Silesian : Karńůw , German : Jägerndorf , Polish : Karniów , Latin : Carnovia ) is an Upper Silesian town in the northeastern Czech Republic , in the Moravian - Silesian Region , the District of Bruntál , on the Opava River , near the Polish border .
Chincheros Province is the smallest of seven provinces of the Apurímac Region in Peru .
The Ouarsenis or Ouanchariss ( Arabic : الونشريس‎ El Ouanchariss or Al - Wansharis , Berber : Ouarsnis , meaning `` nothing higher '' in the Berber language ) is a range of mountains in North - Western Algeria .
The Gold Coast Marathon ( branded Gold Coast Airport Marathon for sponsorship reasons ) is an annual marathon race on the Gold Coast , Queensland , Australia .
Kyaiklat ( Burmese : ကျိုက်လတ်မြို့ ) is a town in the Ayeyarwady Division of south - west Myanmar .
Rzepniki ( ʐɛpˈniki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zabłudów , within Białystok County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Published continually since February 1916 , the School Magazine is the oldest magazine in Australia and the longest running literary magazine for children in the world .
Türi - Alliku ( German : Allenküll ) is a village in Türi Parish , Järva County in central Estonia .
Cagayan ( /kɑːɡəˈjɑːn/ kah - gə - YAHN ) is a province of the Philippines in the Cagayan Valley region in the northeast of Luzon Island , and includes the Babuyan Islands to the north .
Melechinnar is a small village in Idukki district of Kerala , India and is situated on the banks of a small river , the Chinnar .
Katyn war cemetery ( Polish : Polski Cmentarz Wojenny w Katyniu ) is a Polish military cemetery located in Katyn , a small village 22 kilometres away from Smolensk , Russia , on the road to Vitebsk .
St. John 's Lough ( Irish : Loch Eoin ) , also known as St. John 's Lake , is a freshwater lake in the northwest of Ireland .
Taulaga is the only village in Swains Island , American Samoa , except for Etena , which is almost deserted .
Borlänge ( ˈboːˈɭɛŋːə ) is a locality and the seat of Borlänge Municipality in Dalarna County , Sweden , with 41,734 inhabitants in 2010 .
The Royal Zoological Society of New South Wales ( RZSNSW ) was formed in Sydney , New South Wales , Australia in 1879 as the New South Wales Zoological Society .
Castle Bruce is a village on the east coast of Dominica .
The Monastery of Al - Karkas is a monastery in Egypt .
Hrebienok is a small ski resort in the Tatra Mountains , in northern Slovakia .
Tayabamba is a city in Northern Peru , capital of the province Pataz in the region La Libertad .
Kungsholmens gymnasium is an upper secondary school ( Swedish : gymnasium ) located on the island of Kungsholmen in Stockholm , Sweden .
Baie des Trépassés ( Breton : Bae an Anaon , French : Baie des Trépassés ) , or the Bay of the Dead , is a bay on Cap Sizun on the west coast of Finistère , in Brittany , France .
Cruz de Pau is a locality in the parish of Amora , in the municipality of Seixal in Portugal .
The Baily Lighthouse is a lighthouse on the southeastern part of Howth Head in Dublin , Ireland .
Donkmeer ( meer is ' lake ' in Dutch ) is a lake in Belgium .
Kotrtas or Qotyrtas is a village in the Aktobe Region of western Kazakhstan .
Keyline design was developed in Australia by farmer and engineer P. A. Yeomans , and described and explained in his books The Keyline Plan , The Challenge of Landscape , Water For Every Farm , and The City Forest .
Khudabad railway station ( Urdu : خداباد ریلوے اسٹیشن ‎ ) is located District Dadu of Province Sind in Pakistan .
Hong Kong Economic and Trade Office , Berlin ( HKETO Berlin ) commenced operation in Berlin , Germany in March 2009 .
The Sind Valley is a Himalayan sub - valley of the Kashmir Valley in the State of Jammu and Kashmir of India .
Lake Hillier is a saline lake on the edge of Middle Island , the largest of the islands and islets that make up the Recherche Archipelago in the Goldfields - Esperance region , off the south coast of Western Australia .
Świedziebnia ( ɕfjɛˈd͡ʑɛbɲa ) ( German : Schwetheim ) is a village in Brodnica County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Spyken is an upper secondary school ( gymnasieskola ) in Lund , Sweden .
Bijar Boneh - ye Pain ( Persian : بيجاربنه پايين‎ , also Romanized as Bījār Boneh - ye Pā’īn ; also known as Bījār Boneh ) is a village in Layalestan Rural District , in the Central District of Lahijan County , Gilan Province , Iran .
La Queue - en - Brie ( French pronunciation : ​(la kø ɑ̃ bʁi ) ) is a commune in the southeastern suburbs of Paris , France .
Pötschen Pass ( el . 993 m. ) is a high mountain pass in the Austrian Alps between the Bundesländer of Upper Austria and Styria .
Sass Rigais ( 3,025 m ) is a mountain of the northwestern Dolomites in South Tyrol , northern Italy .
Krajné Čierno ( Rusyn : Крайнэ Чорне , Hungarian : Végcsarnó ) is a village and municipality in Svidník District in the Prešov Region of north - eastern Slovakia .
Ler Station ( Norwegian : Ler stasjon ) is a railway station in the village of Ler in the municipality of Melhus in Sør - Trøndelag county , Norway .
Uppland Runic Inscription 80 or U 80 is the Rundata catalog listing for a Viking Age memorial runic inscription that is located in Sundby , which is in Solna Municipality , Stockholm County , Sweden , and in the historic province of Uppland .
Fulginiae or Fulginium ( modern Foligno ) was an ancient town of Umbria , Italy , on the later line of the Via Flaminia , c. 20 km S of Nuceria ( Nocera Umbra ) .
Barcice Rososkie ( barˈt͡ɕit͡sɛ rɔˈsɔskʲɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chynów , within Grójec County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Piedramillera is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre , Northern Spain .
Vizaran ( Persian : ويزران‎ , also Romanized as Vīzarān ) is a village in Sahrarud Rural District , in the Central District of Fasa County , Fars Province , Iran .
The North Tasmania Cricket Association Ground , better known as the NTCA Ground , is the oldest first - class cricket ground in Australia .
Marden Henge ( also known as Hatfield Earthworks ) is the largest Neolithic henge enclosure discovered to date in the United Kingdom .
Los Guayes Airport ( Spanish : Aeropuerto Los Guayes , ICAO : SCGY ) is a public use airport located 14 kilometres ( 9 mi ) south - southeast of Cunco , La Araucanía , Chile .
Kleinwallstadt is a market community in the Miltenberg district in the Regierungsbezirk of Lower Franconia ( Unterfranken ) in Bavaria , Germany and the seat of the like - named Verwaltungsgemeinschaft ( Administrative Community ) .
Mundia Jageer is the most developed town in the Bareilly District of Uttar Pradesh , India .
East Ujimqin Banner ( Mongolian : ᠵᠡᠭᠦᠨ ᠤᠵᠤᠮᠤᠴᠢᠨ ᠬᠣᠰᠢᠭᠤ Jegün Ujumučin qosiɣu ; simplified Chinese : 东乌珠穆沁旗 ; traditional Chinese : 東烏珠穆沁旗 ; pinyin : Dōng Wūzhūmùqìn Qí ) is a banner in the northeast of the Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region , People 's Republic of China .
Dębniczka ( dɛmbˈnit͡ʂka ) ( German : Damnitzow ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Damnica , within Słupsk County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The 1975 South Pacific Games , held in Guam from 1 to 10 August 1975 , was the fifth edition of the South Pacific Games .
The 107 residents of Ganim were evicted from their homes and their houses razed as part of Israel 's disengagement of 2005 .
Mazar - e Garmi ( Persian : مزارع گرمي‎ , also Romanized as Mazārʿ-e Garmī ) is a village in Ojarud - e Markazi Rural District , in the Central District of Germi County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Franek is the oldest oil shaft in the world , located in the village of Bóbrka Poland .
Urad Front Banner ( Mongolian : ᠤᠷᠠᠳ ᠤᠨ ᠡᠮᠦᠨᠡᠳᠦ ᠬᠣᠰᠢᠭᠤ Urad - un Emünedü Qosiɣu ; simplified Chinese : 乌拉特前旗 ; traditional Chinese : 烏拉特前旗 ; pinyin : Wūlātè Qián Qí ) is a banner of the Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region , People 's Republic of China .
Kapoeta South County is an administrative region in Eastern Equatoria state of South Sudan , with headquarters in Kapoeta town .
District Jail Kasur is an ancient jail in Kasur , Pakistan .
Atemajac de Brizuela is a small town in the southeast sierra of Jalisco , Mexico , 64 km southwest of Guadalajara , between Highways 80 and 401 .
Huvudstabron ( Swedish : `` The Huvudsta Bridge '' ) is a bridge in Sweden .
Babljak ( Serbian : Бабљак ) is a village in the Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Kohanabad Rural District ( Persian : دهستان كهن آباد‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Kohanabad District , Aradan County , Semnan Province , Iran .
Gorzkowice ( ɡɔʂkɔˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in Piotrków County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Lemmer ( West Frisian : De Lemmer ) is a town in the municipality of De Friese Meren ( province of Friesland ) , in the Netherlands .
Spoleto Cathedral ( Italian : Cattedrale di Santa Maria Assunta ; Duomo di Spoleto ) is the cathedral of the Archdiocese of Spoleto - Norcia created in 1821 , previously that of the diocese of Spoleto , and the principal church of the Umbrian city of Spoleto , in Italy .
Wojsławy ( vɔi̯ˈswavɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grabowo , within Kolno County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
The Malagasy Academy ( Académie Malgache ) is a public institution in Madagascar responsible for the study of the country 's culture and customs , including studies in Madagascar 's linguistics , ethnology and sociology , as well as literary , artistic , historical , and scientific issues .
Arva Road railway station in County Cavan , Ireland was a former station on the Killashandra branch of the Midland Great Western Railway , Ireland .
Valka Town Theatre ( Latvian : Valkas pilsētas teātris ) is one of the oldest theatres in Latvia , in the town of Valka , North Vidzeme .
Girona ( English /dʒiˈroʊnə/ , Catalan : ( ʒiˈɾonə ) , Spanish : Gerona ( xeˈɾona ) ) is a city in the northeast of the Autonomous Community of Catalonia in Spain , at the confluence of the rivers Ter , Onyar , Galligants , and Güell and has an official population of 96,722 as of January 2011 .
Navrški Vrh ( pronounced ( ˈnaːʋəɾʃki ˈʋəɾx ) ) is a small dispersed settlement in the hills immediately south of Ravne na Koroškem in the Carinthia region in northern Slovenia .
Aalborg Stiftstidende was a Danish language newspaper based in Aalborg , Denmark .
The Sierra Madre de Oaxaca is a mountain range in southern Mexico .
Glenmalure Park , often simply known as `` Milltown '' , was a football stadium on the Southside of Dublin city in Ireland .
The Karachi Golf Club , is a golf course situated in Karsaz , Karachi , Sindh , Pakistan .
Andøya Air Station ( Norwegian : Andøya Flystasjon ) is situated in the north of Norway , in the municipality of Andøy .
Baghanis ( Armenian : Բաղանիս , also Romanized as Baganis ) is a town in the Tavush Province of Armenia .
Makalali Conservancy , also known as the Greater Makalali Private Game Reserve , is situated west of Phalaborwa , and north of Hoedspruit , in the Limpopo province , South Africa , and has an area of about 24,500 Ha .
The Market of San Miguel ( Spanish : Mercado de San Miguel ) is a market located in Madrid , Spain .
Garbatka - Letnisko ( ɡarˈbatka lɛtˈniskɔ ) ( Letnisko means summer resort ) is a village in Kozienice County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Wągrowiec ( vɔŋˈɡrɔvjɛt͡s ) is a town in northwestern Poland , 50 kilometres ( 31 miles ) from both Poznań and Bydgoszcz .
The Finnish Defence Forces ( Finnish : Puolustusvoimat , Swedish : Försvarsmakten ) are responsible for the defence of Finland .
Widely regarded as one of India 's finest academic institutions in social sciences , especially in the discipline of Economics , the Delhi School of Economics is situated in University of Delhi 's North Campus in Maurice Nagar , amidst a host of other prestigious academic institutions of the country .
The Pilanesberg Game Reserve is located in North West Province in South Africa , west of Pretoria .
Alindao is a town and sub - prefecture located in the Central African Republic prefecture of Basse - Kotto .
Seyl Klang ( Persian : سیل کلنگ‎ ) is a village in Qilab Rural District , Alvar - e Garmsiri District , Andimeshk County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Cockscomb Pass ( 70 ° 33′03``N 070 ° 31′50''W ) is a mountain pass in the central Baffin Mountains , Nunavut , Canada .
The Manuel Dorrego national institute ( full name : `` Manuel Dorrego national institute of Argentine and Iberoamerican historical revisionism '' , Spanish : Instituto Nacional de Revisionismo Histórico Argentino e Iberoamericano Manuel Dorrego ) was an institute of Argentina focused in the historiography of Manuel Dorrego .
The Sierra San Luis range is a mountain range in northwest Chihuahua , northeast Sonora , Mexico at the northern region of the Sierra Madre Occidental cordillera .
Nahuel Huapi Lake ( Spanish : Lago Nahuel Huapí ) is a lake in the lake region of northern Patagonia between the provinces of Río Negro and Neuquén , in Argentina .
Chornukhyne ( Ukrainian : Чорнухине ) is an urban - type settlement in Popasna Raion ( district ) of Luhansk Oblast in eastern Ukraine .
Pingshi Prison ( simplified Chinese : 坪石监狱 ; traditional Chinese : 坪石監獄 ; pinyin : Píngshí Jiānyù ) is a prison outside Pingshi Town , Lechang City , Guangdong Province , People 's Republic of China connected to the Guangbei Tea Farm ( 广北茶场 ) .
The Sankenbachsee is a tarn southwest of Baiersbronn in the Black Forest in southwestern Germany .
Galipe ( Greek : Γάλιπε , pronounced `` Galipae '' ) is a village in Episkopi 's municipality , Pediada 's province , in Heraklion , Crete , Greece .
Donji Klakar ( Serbian : Доњи Клакар ) is a village in the municipality of Brod , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Gülhane Park ( Turkish : Gülhane Parkı , `` Rosehouse Park '' ; from Persian : گلخانه Gulkhāna , `` house of flowers '' ) is a historical urban park in the Eminönü district of Istanbul , Turkey ; it is located adjacent to and on the grounds of the Topkapı Palace .
The National Cycle Route 13 is a cycling route that is part of the National Cycle Network in the United Kingdom .
Saint - Michel - de - Bellechasse is a municipality of about 1,800 people about 20 km east of Lévis , in Bellechasse Regional County Municipality in the Chaudière - Appalaches region of Quebec , Canada .
Shiraz University ( Persian : دانشگاه شیراز‎‎ Dāneshgāh - e - Shirāz ) , formerly known as Pahlavi University , is a public university located in Shiraz , Iran .
Pervomaiskyi ( Ukrainian : Первомайський ) is a city in Kharkiv Oblast ( province ) of Ukraine , formerly known as Likhachova .
Shokalsky Island ( Russian : Остров Шокальского ) is an island in the Kara Sea , in Russia .
Villa Saetta is a large house located in Monteroni di Lecce , Apulia , southern Italy , originally built by the local lords as their manor house .
El Infiernito ( Spanish for `` The Little Hell '' ) , is a pre - Columbian Muisca site located at the outskirts of Villa de Leyva , Boyacá Department , Colombia .
Bucholz Army Airfield ( IATA : KWA , ICAO : PKWA , FAA LID : KWA ) is a United States Army airfield located on Kwajalein Island , Kwajalein Atoll , Marshall Islands .
The Clubes Island ( Portuguese : Ilha dos Clubes ) is the smallest of the three islands of Lake Paranoá in Brasília , Distrito Federal , Brazil .
Nitassinan is the ancestral homeland of the Innu , an indigenous people of Eastern Quebec and Labrador , Canada .
Dramešina ( Serbian Cyrillic : Драмешина ) is a village in the municipality of Trebinje , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Qadehar ( Persian : قادهار‎ , also Romanized as Qādehār ) is a village in Sarkhun Rural District , Qaleh Qazi District , Bandar Abbas County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Pierzchnianka ( pjɛʂxˈɲaŋka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pierzchnica , within Kielce County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Moussakuy is a town in the Sanaba Department of Banwa Province in western Burkina Faso .
Puistomäki ( Finnish ; Parkbacken in Swedish ) is a district in the Uittamo - Skanssi ward of the city of Turku , in Finland .
Pimpalkutti is a village and a railway station in Yavatmal district of Maharashtra State in India .
The Ahuriri River is a river in the Otago region of the South Island of New Zealand .
Eyvanki ( Persian : ايوانكی‎‎ , Tati : ایوان‌کی ) , also Romanized as Eyvane Kay , Eyvānkī , Aivaneki , Aivan - e Ki , and Eyvānakī ; also known as Aivān - i - Kaif ) is a city in and capital of Eyvanki District , Garmsar County , Semnan Province , Iran .
Fort de l'Isle is a site in Alberta , Canada , containing the remains of three trading posts that existed from 1799 to some time before 1808 .
Bois - de - l'Île - Bizard Nature Park ( French : Parc - nature du Bois - de - l'Île - Bizard ) is a large park in Montreal , Quebec , Canada .
Mahates is a river town and municipality located in the Bolívar Department , northern Colombia .
The Sitlika Range is a subrange of the Hogem Ranges of the Omineca Mountains , bounded by the Fall River and Ogden Creek in northern British Columbia , Canada .
Nam Nam Chah ( Persian : نم نم چه‎ ) is a village in Shahi Rural District , Sardasht District , Dezful County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
King Khalid University ( KKU ; Arabic : جامعة الملك خالد‎ ) is a public university , distributed over several towns in the ' Asir Province in south - west Saudi Arabia , including Abha and al - Namas .
The Sachsenbrunnen is an enclosed spring at the Säperstelle near Bad Harzburg in the Harz Mountains of Germany .
Aquincum Institute of Technology ( AIT ) is a study abroad opportunity for North American undergraduates in Budapest , Hungary .
The Palazzo dell'Arte dei Beccai or Residenza dell'Arte dei Beccai is a fourteenth - century building in Florence , Italy .
Liceo Claudio Arrau León ( English : Claudio Arrau León High School ) is a Chilean high school located in Doñihue , Cachapoal Province , Chile .
Gimmeldingen is a village of 2636 inhabitants ( as of 2004 ) and part of the town of Neustadt an der Weinstraße in Rhineland - Palatinate , Germany .
Kaštel Žegarski ( German : Schegar ) is a village in northern Dalmatia which lies within the administrative area of Obrovac in Zadar County , Croatia .
Gerd Poshteh ( Persian : گردپشته‎ ; also known as Gerdeh Poshteh , Gerdū Poshteh , and Sargerdū Poshteh ) is a village in Blukat Rural District , Rahmatabad and Blukat District , Rudbar County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Ponętów Górny Pierwszy ( pɔˈnɛntuf ˈɡurnɨ ˈpjɛrfʂɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olszówka , within Koło County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
St. Birgitta 's Church is a wooden church in the city of Nykarleby , Ostrobothnia , Finland .
Tor zur Dübener Heide ( `` Gateway to the Düben Heath '' ) was a Verwaltungsgemeinschaft ( `` administrative community '' ) in the district of Wittenberg , in Saxony - Anhalt , Germany .
The Foča Hydro Power Plant should be one of Bosnia and Herzegovina 's largest hydro power plant , if built , having an installed electric capacity of 56 MW .
The Eindhoven Museum is an archaeological open - air museum in Eindhoven , Netherlands , focusing on the Iron Age and Middle Ages in the province of North Brabant .
Muxas ( also , Mukhas ) is a village and municipality in the Oghuz Rayon of Azerbaijan .
The Macedonian Alliance for European Integration ( Macedonian Party ) ( Macedonian : Македонска Алијанса за Европска Интеграција Albanian : Aleanca Maqedonase për Integrimin Europian ) is a political party of the ethnic Macedonians in Albania .
Pir Bagh ( Persian : پيرباغ‎ , also Romanized as Pīr Bāgh ) is a village in Gavrud Rural District , Muchesh District , Kamyaran County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Miletina ( Serbian : Милетина ) is a village in Bosnia and Herzegovina .
During the 1950s Lutheran Church of Australia properly established an Aboriginal mission on the Bloomfield River , into which the remnant Kuku Nyungkal population still living on their country were moved .
The Sydney Private Hospital is a private hospital located in the inner - western Sydney suburb of Ashfield , Australia .
The City of Ottawa ( French : Ville d'Ottawa ) is the corporate entity of municipal government in Ottawa , Ontario , Canada .
Luwu Regency ( Kabupaten Luwu in Indonesian ) is a regency of South Sulawesi Province , Indonesia .
Valdost ( Russian : Валдость ) is the rural locality ( a village ) in Tikhvinsky District of Leningrad Oblast , Russia , located on Lake Bolshaya Valdost at a height of 131 meters ( 430 ft ) above sea level .
Timbuktu Airport ( IATA : TOM , ICAO : GATB ) is an airport in Timbuktu , Mali opened on April 15 , 1961 .
The Magerrain is a mountain of the Glarus Alps , located on the border between the cantons of Glarus and St. Gallen in Eastern Switzerland .
Ladysmith Airport ( IATA : LAY , ICAO : FALY ) is an airport serving Ladysmith , a city in the KwaZulu - Natal province in South Africa .
Leivi is a town and comune in the province of Genoa , in the Liguria region of northwest Italy .
Lysianka ( Ukrainian : Лисянка ) is an urban - type settlement located in Cherkasy Oblast ( province ) in central Ukraine .
Spanish Society of Authors and Publishers ( Sociedad General de Autores y Editores , SGAE ) is the main collecting society for songwriters , composers and music publishers in Spain .
Kazuma Pan National Park is situated in Zimbabwe 's extreme north - western corner .
Gulczanka is a river of Poland , a tributary of the Noteć which it meets in the village of Gulcz .
Svanevatn ( Norwegian for `` Swan Lake '' ; Finnish : Salmijärvi , `` Strait Lake '' ) is a lake on the border between Norway and Russia .
Kazh Deh ( Persian : كژده‎ ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Rasht County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Tsamantas lies near to the border with Albania in northern Greece , in the regional unit of Thesprotia .
The Basilica of St. Urbain , Troyes ( French : Basilique Saint - Urbain de Troyes ) , formerly the Église Saint - Urbain , is a massive medieval church in the city of Troyes , France .
Point Nepean marks the southern point of The Rip ( the entrance to Port Phillip ) and the most westerly point of the Mornington Peninsula , in Victoria , Australia .
Bouchette is a municipality in the geographic centre of the La Vallée - de - la - Gatineau Regional County Municipality , Quebec , Canada , 75 kilometres ( 47 mi ) north of Gatineau .
Île - aux - Moines ( Enizenac'h in Breton ; the name means island of the monk(s ) ) is a commune in the Morbihan department in the region of Brittany in north - western France .
Quedlinburg Abbey ( German : Stift Quedlinburg or Reichsstift Quedlinburg ) was a house of secular canonesses ( Frauenstift ) in Quedlinburg , Saxony - Anhalt , Germany .
Canoa Quebrada ( meaning broken canoe in Portuguese ) , known as the pearl of the east coast of Ceará , Brazil , is an international tourist beach resort 164 km from Fortaleza , in the municipality of Aracati .
The English Defence League ( EDL ) is a far - right street protest movement which focuses on opposition to what it considers to be a spread of Islamism and Sharia in the United Kingdom .
The Christian Social Democratic Party ( Partido Social Democrata Cristão ) is a christian democrat political party in Brazil .
Nakhla Dam is a rock - filled embankment dam in northern Morocco , to the southeast of El Hamma .
The Holy Father John Paul II Family Home in Wadowice , Poland was the family home and birthplace of Karol Józef Wojtyła , who was elected Pope John Paul II in 1978 , and canonised after his death .
Barri Sharqi ( Arabic : بري شرقي‎ ) also spelled Berri Sharqi ) is a town in northern Syria , administratively part of the Hama Governorate , located east of Hama at the edge of the Syrian Desert .
The Mytilini Strait is a strait in the Aegean Sea that separates the Greek island of Lesbos from Turkey .
Kalikata ( Bengali : কলিকাতা ) was one of the three villages which were merged to form the city of Kolkata ( formerly , Calcutta ) in India .
As of 2001 India census , Kalliasseri had a population of 25005 and the projected population for 2010 is 28,066 .
Stavrokonnou ( Greek : Σταυροκόννου ) is a village in the Paphos District of Cyprus , located 12 km north of Kouklia .
Telč ( Czech pronunciation : ( tɛltʃ ) ; German : Teltsch ) is a town in southern Moravia , near Jihlava , in the Czech Republic .
The Kondara Gorge is the gorge of the Kondara River in the southern spurs of the Gissar Range , north of Dushanbe in the Varzob District , one of the Districts of Republican Subordination , in western Tajikistan .
The Palazzo Sclafani is a palace in Palermo , southern Italy , situated near the city 's cathedral and the Palazzo dei Normanni .
Bahadur Pur is a Town and Union Council of Jalalpur Pirwala , in Pakistan , near Shujaabād . There is a College for secondary education name Government Higher Secondary School Bahadur Pur .
The Wanshan Archipelago ( which means Myriad Islands Archipelago ) , sometimes referred to as the Ladrones Islands ( Thieves Islands ) , is a 104-island archipelago that is part of the Xiangzhou District of Zhuhai Municipality in Guangdong Province , People 's Republic of China .
Sea Lake Airport ( ICAO : YSLK ) is located at Sea Lake , Victoria , Australia .
Koeru is a small borough in Koeru Parish , Järva County in northern - central Estonia .
Indispensable Strait is a waterway in the Solomon Islands , running about 200 km northwest - southeast from Santa Isabel to Makira ( San Cristóbal ) , between the Florida Islands and Guadalcanal to the southwest , and Malaita to the northeast .
Barganse is a small village in the Zabré Department of Boulgou Province in south - eastern Burkina Faso .
Villa Della Porta Bozzolo is a villa located at Casalzuigno in the province of Varese , northern Italy .
Pasažieru vilciens ( `` Passenger train '' , abbreviated : PV ) is the only passenger - carrying railway company in Latvia , operating both electric and diesel trains on various lines throughout the country .
Ammersee ( English : Lake Ammer ) is a Zungenbecken lake in Upper Bavaria , Germany , southwest of Munich between the towns of Herrsching and Dießen am Ammersee .
Bay Central is a complex of three towers in Dubai Marina in Dubai , United Arab Emirates .
Manikbhandar is a locality in Nizamabad city of Telangana state , India .
Bo - Dzhausa Mountain ( Russian : Бо-Джауса ) is a volcanic mountain in Primorye , Russia and a part of the Sikhote - Alin mountain range .
Hannassa is a historic town in southern Somalia .
Hamburg - Mitte ( approximate translation : Hamburg center ) is one of the seven boroughs of the Free and Hanseatic City of Hamburg , Germany , covering most of the city 's urban center .
Sennheiser is headquartered in the municipality of Wedemark , Germany ( near Hannover ) .
Salim Saghul ( Persian : سليم ساغول‎ , also Romanized as Salīm Sāghūl ; also known as Salīm Sāghlū and Salīmsāghlū ) is a village in Mokriyan - e Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Mahabad County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Jafarlu ( Persian : جعفرلو‎ , also Romanized as Ja``farlū ) is a village in Sanjabad - e Shomali Rural District , in the Central District of Kowsar County , Ardabil Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 106 , in 23 families .
Ringsjön is a lake situated in the middle of Skåne County , Sweden .
The Protestant church of Deinum or Saint John the Baptist church is a religious building in Deinum , Netherlands , one of the medieval churches in Friesland .
The Y River ( Russian : река Ы ) is a river in the north of Russia .
Indramayu is the capital of Indramayu Regency in the West Java province of Indonesia , and located in the north coastal area of West Java , east from Jakarta , north - east from the city of Bandung , and north - west of the city of Cirebon .
Norman Wells Water Aerodrome ( TC LID : CEU8 ) , is located 3.5 nautical miles ( 6.5 km ; 4.0 mi ) south - southeast of Norman Wells , Northwest Territories , Canada on D.O.T. Lake and is open from June until September .
Manjakuppam ( Tamil : மஞ்சகுப்பம் ) is one of the three large divisions in the town of Cuddalore , India .
Kadanwari قادن واری is a town in the Khairpur خیرپورمیرس District , Sindh , Pakistan .
Singu is a town in the Mandalay Division of central Myanmar .
Duzaj Rural District ( Persian : دهستان دوزج‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Kharqan District , Zarandieh County , Markazi Province , Iran .
Mazzorbo is an island in the northern Venetian Lagoon , northern Italy , linked to Burano by a bridge .
FK Sileks ( Macedonian : ФК Силекс ) is a football club based in Kratovo , Republic of Macedonia who play in the Macedonian First League .
Col de Pierre Pertuis ( el . 827 m. ) is a mountain pass in the Jura Mountains in the canton of Bern in Switzerland .
Dohazari is a village in southeast Bangladesh .
Chang - dong is a dong , neighbourhood of Dobong - gu in Seoul , South Korea
Graikos ( Greek : Γραικός ) is a village in the municipal unit of Falaisia , Arcadia , Greece .
Azatamut ( Armenian : Ազատամուտ ) is a town in the Tavush Province of Armenia .
Boracifero Lake is a lake in the comune of Monterotondo Marittimo , in the Province of Grosseto , Tuscany , Italy .
Sarakhs ( Persian : سرخس‎ , also Romanized as Serakhs ) is a city in and capital of Sarakhs County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Gettlinge is a village in the southwest portion of the island of Öland , Sweden .
Jardim Itu - Sabará is a neighbourhood ( bairro ) in the city of Porto Alegre , the state capital of Rio Grande do Sul , Brazil .
Kvarte is a village within the municipality of Perušić in Lika - Senj County , Croatia .
Slovenska Bistrica ( pronounced ( slɔˈʋeːnska ˈbiːstritsa ) ) is a town south of Maribor in eastern Slovenia .
Chalehelyas ( Persian : چاله الياس‎ , also Romanized as Chālehelyās ) is a village in Kuh Shah Rural District , Ahmadi District , Hajjiabad County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Nadinići ( Serbian Cyrillic : Надинићи ) is a village in the municipality of Trebinje , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Sir William Osler High School is a high school in Scarborough , Toronto , Ontario , Canada , named after Sir William Osler , a Canadian doctor and medical educator .
Madhapuram is a small village located around 16 km from Khammam district headquarters in Telangana State , India , and 200 km from Hyderabad .
Lavandevil ( Persian : لوندويل‎ , also Romanized as Lavandevīl , Lavandavil , and Lavandvīl ; also known as Bāzar - e Lavandvīl , Landvīl - e Sabalī , and Lavandvīl - e Sabalī ) is a city in and the capital of Lavandevil District , in Astara County , Gilan Province , Iran .
The Saint - Nicolas - de - Campagnac Bridge ( French Pont Saint - Nicolas - de - Campagnac ) is an arch bridge crossing the Gardon , and located near Sainte - Anastasie , in the Gard département of southern France .
Hallunda is a part of Botkyrka Municipality , Stockholm County , Sweden .
The Canadian International Organ Competition ( CIOC ) ( French : Concours international d’orgue du Canada ) is an organisation devoted to the promotion of organ music .
Navadra is a volcanic island located in the Mamanuca Group of Fiji .
Marchwacz - Kolonia ( ˈmarxfat͡ʂ kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczytniki , within Kalisz County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Dereše ( Hungarian : Deres , 2,004 m ) is the third highest peak of the Low Tatra range , in central Slovakia .
Aezkoa Valley is an administrative unit of Navarre , Spain .
Nazrul Mancha is an auditorium in Kolkata , India .
Camaragibe ( population 143.210 ) is a city in northeastern Brazil , in the State of Pernambuco .
The Tallinn Bay ( Estonian : Tallinna laht ) is a bay in Estonia on the southern coast of the Gulf of Finland .
Aldwickbury School is an independent all - boys preparatory school located on the outskirts of Harpenden , Hertfordshire in the United Kingdom .
Genesis Christian College is an independent school ( P--12 ) located at Bray Park , Brisbane , Australia .
Osečina ( Serbian Cyrillic : Осечина , pronounced ( ɔsɛ̌tʃina ) ) is a town and municipality located in the Kolubara District of Serbia .
The Elektrėnai Power Plant or Lithuania Power Plant ( Lithuanian : Lietuvos elektrinė ) is an 1,800-MW electrical generating station near Elektrėnai , Lithuania , about 50 kilometres ( 31 mi ) west of Lithuania 's capital , Vilnius .
Medbury School in Christchurch , New Zealand is an independent school for boys between Years 1 to 8 ( ages 5 to 13 ) .
Lumbini Sanskritik is a municipality situated in Rupandehi District of Lumbini Zone in Nepal .
Filiași ( Romanian pronunciation : ( filiˈaʃʲ ) ) is a town in Dolj County , Romania , on the Jiu River .
Lac Berthelot Water Aerodrome , ( TC LID : CTS3 ) , is located on Lac Berthelot , Quebec , Canada .
Bergara ( Spanish pronunciation : ( berˈɣaɾa ) ; Spanish : Vergara ) is a town located in the province of Gipuzkoa , in the autonomous community of Basque Country , in the north of Spain .
Beitou District is the northernmost of the twelve districts of Taipei City , Taiwan .
Nedelica ( pronounced ( ˈneːdɛlitsa ) ; Hungarian : Zorkóháza ) is a village in the Municipality of Turnišče in the Prekmurje region of northeastern Slovenia .
Kaliachak College , also known as Sultanganj College , is a college in Kaliachak in the Malda district of West Bengal , India .
BR-158 is a federal highway of Brazil .
Ngerengere Air Force Base ( ICAO : HTNG ) is a military airbase of the Tanzania Air Force Command .
Mount Jagungal or sometimes Jagungal , Big Bogong , The Big Bogong Nr . , or The Big Bogong Mountain , is a mountain within the Jagungal Wilderness Area of the Kosciuszko National Park in the Snowy Mountains region of New South Wales , Australia .
Garmekhani ( Persian : گرمخاني‎ , also Romanized as Garmekhānī ) is a village in Chaharduli - ye Gharbi Rural District , Chaharduli District , Qorveh County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Ropaži is a village in Latvia , the administrative centre of Ropaži municipality .
Hongwei District ( simplified Chinese : 宏伟区 ; traditional Chinese : 宏偉區 ; pinyin : Hóngwěi Qū ; literally : `` Magnificent District '' ) is a district of Liaoyang City , Liaoning province , People 's Republic of China .
Ara Rock is a rock found in Ara Town in Nasarawa Local Government Area of Nasarawa State in central Nigeria .
Tutaghaji ( Persian : توت اغاجي‎ , also Romanized as Tūtāghājī ; also known as Tūt Āqā Jānī ) is a village in Qaleh Juq Rural District , Anguran District , Mahneshan County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
Stryn Sommerski ( English : Stryn Summer Ski Centre ) is a ski resort in the municipality of Stryn , Norway .
Hekkingen Lighthouse ( Norwegian : Hekkingen fyr ) is a coastal lighthouse located in the Malangen fjord in the municipality of Lenvik in Troms , Norway .
Huntingdon and Peterborough was a short - lived administrative and geographical county in East Anglia in the United Kingdom .
Piljeh ( Persian : پيلجه‎ , also Romanized as Pīljeh ; also known as Jūrpīlī Jān and Pīljān ) is a village in Amlash - e Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Amlash County , Gilan Province , Iran .
The Palazzo Contarini del Bovolo ( also called the Palazzo Contarini Minelli dal Bovolo ) is a small palazzo in Venice , Italy , best known for its external multi - arch spiral staircase known as the Scala Contarini del Bovolo ( literally , `` of the snail '' ) .
Verkhnyaya Tura ( Russian : Ве́рхняя Тура ) is a town under the administrative jurisdiction of the Town of Kushva in Sverdlovsk Oblast , Russia , located in the upper streams of the Tura River ( Ob 's basin ) , 187 kilometers ( 116 mi ) north of Yekaterinburg .
Bellevue House National Historic Site of Canada was the home to Canada 's first Prime Minister Sir John Alexander Macdonald from 1848 to 1849 .
Marechal Cunha Machado International Airport ( IATA : SLZ , ICAO : SBSL ) , formerly called Tirirical Airport , is the airport serving São Luís , Brazil .
Whanganui ( /ˈhwɒŋənuːi/ ; Māori : ( ɸaŋanui ) ) , also spelt Wanganui , is a small city on the west coast of the North Island of New Zealand .
Wedde ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈʋɛdə ) ) is a village in the municipality Bellingwedde in the province Groningen in the Netherlands .
Saldaş ( also , Soldaş and Saldash ) is a village in the Qubadli Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Cognola is a town in the Trentino province , Italy .
Demyansk ( Russian : Демя́нск ) is an urban locality ( a work settlement ) and the administrative center of Demyansky District of Novgorod Oblast , Russia , located along the Yavon River .
Blackman Eddy is a village located on the banks of the Belize River in the Cayo District , Belize .
Zagajski Vrh ( pronounced ( zaˈɡaːi̯ski ˈʋəɾx ) ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Gornja Radgona in northeastern Slovenia .
Bamberg Church ( Norwegian : Bamberg kirke ) is a parish church in the municipality of Levanger in Nord - Trøndelag county , Norway .
Peskovi ( Albanian : Bistër ; Serbian Cyrillic and Macedonian : Пескови , Peskovi ) is a mountain in the Šar Mountains range , located between Kosovo and the Republic of Macedonia .
Toybokhoy ( Russian : Тойбохой ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) , the only inhabited locality , and the administrative center of Toybokhoysky Rural Okrug of Suntarsky District in the Sakha Republic , Russia , located 56 kilometers ( 35 mi ) from Suntar , the administrative center of the district .
German submarine U-215 was a Type VIID mine - laying U - boat of Nazi Germany 's Kriegsmarine during World War II . She was one of six U - boats of her kind , equipped with special vertical tubes that launched the mines .
Paoay Lake , historically known as Lago de Nanguyudan and commonly referred to locally as Dacquel a Danum ( Ilokano for `` big water '' ) , is a horseshoe - shaped lake located in the municipality of Paoay in the northwest region of Luzon in the Philippines .
Coffin Bay Peninsula is a peninsula located at the south west end of Eyre Peninsula in South Australia .
Saint Christopher Monastery ( Armenian : Սուրբ Քրիստափորի վանք ; meaning the Monastery of Saint Christopher ) , is a restored Armenian church of the 7th century , located in a cemetery 2.2 kilometres ( 1.4 mi ) southeast of the outskirts of Dashtadem village and Dashtadem Fortress in the Aragatsotn Province of Armenia .
The United Farmers of Ontario ( UFO ) was a political party in Ontario , Canada .
Berlin Tempelhof Airport ( German : Flughafen Berlin - Tempelhof ) ( IATA : THF , ICAO : EDDI ) was one of the airports in Berlin , Germany .
Siah Darreh 3 Kuseh ( Persian : سياه دره 3 كوسه‎ , also Romanized as Sīāh Darreh 3 Kūseh ; also known as Sīāh Darreh 3 Kūsh and Sīāh Darreh - ye Seh ) is a village in Teshkan Rural District , Chegeni District , Dowreh County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
The Julier Pass ( Romansh : Pass dal Güglia , German : Julierpass , Italian Passo del Giulia ) ( el . 2284 m ) is a mountain pass in Switzerland , in the Albula Range of the Alps .
Editorial Complutense S.A. ( ECSA ) is a university publisher for Complutense University of Madrid , Spain .
Konar - e Jamal ( Persian : كنارجمال‎ , also Romanized as Konār - e Jamāl ) is a village in Rameshk Rural District , Chah Dadkhoda District , Qaleh Ganj County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Sonid Left Banner ( Mongolian : ᠰᠥᠨᠡᠳ ᠵᠡᠭᠦᠨ ᠬᠣᠰᠢᠭᠤ Söned Jegün qosiɣu ; simplified Chinese : 苏尼特左旗 ; traditional Chinese : 蘇尼特左旗 ; pinyin : Sūnítè Zuǒqí ) ) is a banner of north - central Inner Mongolia , People 's Republic of China .
The Cosapilla River is a river of Chile and Bolivia and is part of the boundary .
Mali Trn ( pronounced ( ˈmaːli ˈtəɾn ) ; German : Kleindorn ) is a small village in the Municipality of Krško in eastern Slovenia .
Rexdale Women 's Centre is an independent , not - for - profit , voluntary agency that serves high - need women and their families , residing in the Greater Toronto Area of Canada .
The De Clercqstraat is a street in Amsterdam - West , Netherlands .
The Bandaranaike Memorial International Conference Hall ( BMICH ) , is a convention center located in Colombo , Sri Lanka .
The Annandale Range Lights are a set of range lights on the east coast of Prince Edward Island , Canada .
Janiwala railway station ( Urdu : جانی والا ریلوے اسٹیشن ‎ ) is located in Janiwala village , Toba Tek Singh district of Punjab province of the Pakistan .
Skagen Town and Regional Museum ( Danish : Skagen By- og Egnsmuseum ) is a private museum in Skagen in the far north of Jutland , Denmark .
Nilaq ( Persian : نيلق‎ , also Romanized as Nīlaq and Neylaq ; also known as Lailia , Leyleyeh , and Ley - lya ) is a village in Sanjabad - e Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Kowsar County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Divič is a village by the city of Zvornik , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Guadalupe Victoria Municipality is one of the 39 municipalities of Durango , in north - western Mexico .
Upper Kama Upland ( Russian : Верхнекамская возвышенность ) is an elevation in the headwaters of Kama and Cheptsa rivers , located on the area of Udmurt Republic , Perm Krai and Kirov Oblast , Russia .
Debila ( Arabic : اﻟﺪﺑﻴﻠﺔ‎ ) is a town and commune , and the capital of Debila District , in El Oued Province , Algeria .
New Kendall Bridge is a concrete bridge that links Kendall village in the Sittee River , Belize .
Busua is a beach resort and fishing village in the Ahanta West District of the Western Region in Ghana , about 30 kilometers west of the regional capital , Sekondi - Takoradi in the Gulf of Guinea .
Arnaia ( Greek : Αρναία , before 1928 : Λιαρίγκοβη - Liarigkovi , or Lerigovo ) is a town and a former municipality in Chalkidiki , Greece .
Balsfjord Church ( Norwegian : Balsfjord kirke ) is a parish church in the municipality of Balsfjord in Troms county , Norway .
Rathgama is a small coastal town situated in Galle District , Southern Province of Sri Lanka .
Awadhiya ( Arabic : فريج العوضية‎ ) is a new neighborhood of Manama , the capital city of Bahrain .
Walsall Central Library is a public library situated in the town centre of Walsall in the West Midlands , in the United Kingdom .
Cheena ( Urdu : جهينه ) is a village in Gujar Khan Tehsil , Rawalpindi District , Pakistan .
The Tash - Tau mine is a large copper mine located in the south - west of Russia in Bashkortostan .
Sarangani Bay is a bay located on the southern tip of Mindanao in the Philippines .
Hindarx ( also , Gindarch , Gindarkh , Kassian , and Kazian ) is a village and the most populous municipality , except the capital Ağcabədi , in the Aghjabadi Rayon of Azerbaijan .
The Wyndham Important Bird Area comprises a 28 km2 tract of land in the north - east of the Kimberley region of Western Australia .
DXRK , broadcasting as 99.9 Magnum Radio , is a news and music FM radio station is owned and operated by Magnum Broadcasting Inc. in the Philippines .
Mica Creek is a small village in British Columbia , Canada that was used as a base of operations for the construction of the Mica Dam hydroelectric project by BC Hydro in the 1960s and 1970s .
Mûnein ( Dutch : Molenend ) is a small village in Tytsjerksteradiel in the province Friesland of the Netherlands and has around the 700 citizens ( 2008 ) .
Denizlispor is a sports club based in Denizli , Turkey .
Ghadir Kuhi ( Persian : غدير كوهي‎ , also Romanized as Ghadīr Kūhī ) is a village in Bandar Charak Rural District , Shibkaveh District , Bandar Lengeh County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
The Chiloé Archipelago ( Spanish : Archipiélago de Chiloé ) consists of several islands lying off the coast of Chile .
Canale Villoresi is a canal in Italy ; it was the brainchild of Lombardy engineer Eugenio Villoresi .
Tâmega Subregion is a NUTS3 subregion and is part of the NUTS2 region of Norte Region , Portugal .
Curuguaty ( Spanish pronunciation : ( kuɾuɣwaˈti ) ; originally called Villa de San Isidro Labrador de los Reyes Católicos de Curuguaty ) is a city and a district in the Canindeyú Department of Paraguay , that was the 4th and last capital of Paraguay during the Paraguayan War in 1869 - 1870 .
Schoenfels Castle ( French : Château de Schoenfels ) , with a history dating back to the 12th century , is one of the castles belonging to the Valley of the Seven Castles in central Luxembourg .
Broome Bird Observatory is an educational , scientific and recreational facility located 24 km from Broome in the Kimberley region of Western Australia .
The Communist Party of the Basque Homelands ( Basque : Euskal Herrialdeetako Alderdi Komunista , EHAK ; Spanish : Partido Comunista de las Tierras Vascas , PCTV ) was a communist Basque separatist party in the Basque Country , Spain .
Casuarina Beach is in Karainagar , Jaffna District , Sri Lanka , about 20 kilometers from Jaffna .
Krčevina pri Vurbergu ( pronounced ( kɛɾtʃɛˈʋiːna pɾi ˈʋuːɾbɛɾɡu ) ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Ptuj in northeastern Slovenia .
Bharatha Matha Higher Secondary School is a private school located in Palakkad , Kerala , India .
Mount Dajt ( Albanian : Mali i Dajtit ) is a mountain and national park in central Albania , to the east of Tirana .
Bandar - e Anzali ( Persian : بندرانزلی‎‎ , also Romanized as Bandar - e Anzalī ; before the Iranian Revolution , was renamed from Bandar - e Anzali to Bandar - e Pahlavi by Reza Pahlavi ) is a city in Gilan Province , Iran .
Orissaare is a small borough in Orissaare Parish , Saare County in western Estonia .
Novoselenginsk ( Russian : Новоселенги́нск ) is a rural locality ( a settlement ) in Selenginsky District of the Republic of Buryatia , Russia , located on the Selenge River south of Lake Baikal .
Koutloumousiou monastery ( Greek : Μονή Κουτλουμουσίου ) is an Eastern Orthodox monastery at the monastic state of Mount Athos in Greece .
The Queen Emma Bridge is a pontoon bridge across St. Anna Bay in Curaçao .
Karzakan ( Arabic : كرزكان‎ ) is a village in Bahrain .
Komagaksla ( or Vatnafjellet ) is the highest mountain on the island of Sørøya in Hammerfest Municipality in Finnmark county , Norway .
Bournda National Park is a 2,655 ha protected area in New South Wales , Australia , managed as a national park by NSW National Parks and Wildlife Service , and was established on 24 April 1992 .
Deh Now - e Kukhdan ( Persian : دهنوكوخدان‎ , also Romanized as Deh Now - e Kūkhdān ; also known as Deh Now ) is a village in Dana Rural District , in the Central District of Dana County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Richtis Gorge ( Greek : Φαράγγι του Ρίχτη , Faraggi tou Richti ) is a gorge in Crete , Greece ( Map of Richtis Gorge here ) .
Elmia Exhibition and Convention Centre is a trade fair in Jönköping , Sweden .
The Cruces River ( Spanish : Río Cruces ) is a river near Valdivia , Chile .
Taiof Island , also known as Toiokh Island , is a small island off the northwestern coast of Bougainville Island , in the Autonomous Region of Bougainville in eastern Papua New Guinea .
Robaczyn ( rɔˈbat͡ʂɨn ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Śmigiel , within Kościan County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
The Balconies of Lima are cultural heritage built during the Spanish colonial regime as well as in the republic era in Peru .
Saint - Génis - des - Fontaines Abbey is a Benedictine abbey in Saint - Génis - des - Fontaines , Pyrénées - Orientales , France .
Kərgəlan ( also , Gergelan , Gerkilan , Kergelan , Kyargalan , and Kyargelan ) is a village and municipality in the Lankaran Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Beschendorf is a municipality and a town in the district of Ostholstein , in Schleswig - Holstein , Germany .
While East Germany controlled Riems approximately 800 people were working on vaccine research and development , today there are less than half that number .
Dillon 's Bay Airport ( IATA : DLY , ICAO : NVVD ) is an airfield near Dillon 's Bay on the island of Erromango , in the Taféa province in Vanuatu .
The Dolomites ( Italian : Dolomiti ( doloˈmiːti ) ; Ladin : Dolomites ; German : Dolomiten ( doːloːˈmɪtn̩ ) ; Venetian : Dołomiti ( doɰoˈmiti ) : Friulian : Dolomitis ) are a mountain range located in northeastern Italy .
The San Blas Range , is a mountain range north of Lake Bayano , and runs adjacent the San Blas Islands in Panama .
Waterloo Collegiate Institute ( also known as WCI ) is a public high school in Waterloo , Ontario , Canada .
Sabancı Center is a complex of skyscrapers which consists of two skyscrapers located close to the Büyükdere Avenue in Beşiktaş district of Istanbul , Turkey .
The Puig de Comanegra is a mountain of Catalonia , on the border between Spain and France .
Ruvo di Puglia is a town and comune in the province of Bari , Apulia , southern Italy , that is essentially devoted to agriculture , wine and olive growing .
Cardedeu ( Catalan pronunciation : ( ˌkarðəˈðɛw ) ) is a village in the comarca of Vallès Oriental in the province of Barcelona and autonomous community of Catalonia , Spain .
Arediou ( Greek : Αρεδιού ) is village located in the Nicosia District of Cyprus .
Hezarmasjed Rural District ( Persian : دهستان هزارمسجد‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Kalat County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Citadel of Damascus ( Arabic : قلعة دمشق‎ : Qala'at Dimashq ) is a large medieval fortified palace and citadel in Damascus , Syria .
The Little North Line ( Danish : Lille Nord ) is a local railway line which runs between Hillerød and Helsingør in North Zealand north of Copenhagen , Denmark .
Nidi Sohana ( also known as Needi Sohana ) is a union council in the district of Kotli , Azad Jammu and Kashmir , Pakistan .
Puysegur Point is located in the far southwest of the South Island of New Zealand .
Shaizar ( Arabic : شيزر‎ ; also called Saijar or Larissa in Syria ) is a town in northern Syria , administratively part of the Hama Governorate , located northwest of Hama .
Nowe Krzywe ( ˈnɔvɛ ˈkʂɨvɛ ) ( German : Klein Krzywen ; 1929 - 1945 : Grünsee ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stare Juchy , within Ełk County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Apostolos Andreas Monastery ( Turkish : Apostolos Andreas Manastırı ; Greek : Απόστολος Ανδρέας ) is a monastery situated just south of Cape Apostolos Andreas , the north - easternmost point of the island of Cyprus , in Rizokarpaso in the Karpass Peninsula .
Mandaram Nuwara is a small village situated at the foot of Pidurutalagala ( Mount Pedro ) in the Central Province of Sri Lanka .
Øyvatnet is a lake in the municipality of Høylandet in Nord - Trøndelag county , Norway .
Hallum is a small village in the province of Friesland , the Netherlands .
El Carmen ( Santa Cruz ) is a town in Bolivia .
The Fort de Maulde , also known as Fort de Beurnonville and the Ensemble de Maulde , is located to the south of Maulde , France .
Mazraeh - ye Talkhab ( Persian : مزرعه تلخاب‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye Talkhāb ; also known as Talkhāb ) is a village in Almahdi Rural District , Mohammadyar District , Naqadeh County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its existence was noted , but its population was not reported .
The Jakarta Convention Center ( JCC ) also known as Balai Sidang Jakarta Convention Center is located in Gelora Bung Karno Sports Complex , Tanah Abang , Central Jakarta , Indonesia .
Bouleternère ( Catalan : Bulaternera ) is a commune in the Pyrénées - Orientales department in southern France .
Novi Vinodolski ( pronounced ( nɔ̂v̞iː v̞ǐnɔdɔːlskiː ) , often also called Novi or Novi del Vinodol o Novi in Valdivino in Italian ) is a town on the Adriatic Sea coast in Croatia , located south of Crikvenica , Selce and Bribir and north of Senj .
The Wellesley Islands are a group of islands off the coast of north Queensland , Australia , in the Gulf of Carpentaria .
The Order of Merit for Labour ( Italian : Ordine al Merito del Lavoro ) was founded as national order of chivalry in 1923 by King Vittorio Emanuele III of Italy ; it is awarded to those `` who have been singularly meritorious '' in agriculture , industry and commerce , crafts , lending and insurance .
Vilseck is a town in the Oberpfalz region of northeastern Bavaria , Germany situated on the river Vils , a tributary of the Naab river .
Unkervatnet ( Southern Sami : Åanghkejaevrie ) is a lake in the municipality of Hattfjelldal in Nordland county , Norway .
Parque La Alameda is a park in the Old Centre part of Quito , Ecuador .
Kharzahreh ( Persian : خرزهره ‎ ; also known as Eslāmābād ) is a village in Kuhenjan Rural District , Kuhenjan District , Sarvestan County , Fars Province , Iran .
Mount Pearl South is a prosperous , mostly suburban provincial electoral district for the House of Assembly of Newfoundland and Labrador , Canada .
Gornji Lučani ( Cyrillic : Горњи Лучани ) is a village in the municipality of Kakanj , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Ran no Yakata ( ランの館 ) is a public orchid garden in Nagoya , central Japan .
Mata o le Alelo is a village pool in Samoa associated with the Polynesian legend Sina and the Eel .
The Pedernales River ( Hispaniola ) is a river that forms the southernmost part of the international boundary between the Dominican Republic and Haiti .
Adelândia ' is a municipality in eastern Goiás state , Brazil .
The Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander Heritage Protection Act 1984 ( Cth ) is legislation passed by the parliament of the Commonwealth of Australia to enable the Commonwealth to intervene and , where necessary , preserve and protect areas and objects of particular significance to Australia 's Aboriginal or Torres Strait Islander peoples from being desecrated or injured
The Badawi Pass is a pass that connects Upper Dir District with Kohistan District in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa , Pakistan .
Mačkovec pri Škocjanu ( pronounced ( matʃˈkɔːʋəts pɾi ʃkɔtsˈjaːnu ) or ( matʃˈkoːvəts pɾi ʃkɔtsˈjaːnu ) ; in older sources also Mačkovc ) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Škocjan in southeastern Slovenia ( the traditional region of Lower Carniola ) .
Maenporth ( Cornish : Meyn Borth , meaning stones cove ) is a cove and beach in west Cornwall , England , United Kingdom .
Burnet Cave ( also known as Rocky Arroyo Cave of Wetmore ) is an important archaeological and paleontological site located in Eddy County , New Mexico , United States within the Guadalupe Mountains .
Presa Sangregado Dam ( also known as Arenal Dam and Sangregado Dam ) is a high - earthen hydroelectric dam on the south - east shore of Lake Arenal in the Guanacaste Province of northwest Costa Rica .
Puznówka ( puzˈnufka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pilawa , within Garwolin County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Agiasos ( Greek : Αγιάσος/Ayasos ) is a small town and a former municipality on the island of Lesbos , North Aegean , Greece .
Piszczaty - Kończany ( piʂˈt͡ʂatɨ kɔɲˈt͡ʂanɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kobylin - Borzymy , within Wysokie Mazowieckie County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
The Ceredigion Coast Path ( Welsh : Llwybr Arfordir Ceredigion ) is a waymarked long distance footpath in the United Kingdom , on the coast of Ceredigion , Wales .
Mazraeh - ye Gavart ( Persian : مزرعه گورت‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye Gavart and Mazraehgavart ) is a village in Qahab - e Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Isfahan County , Isfahan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 925 , in 227 families .
Palermiti ( Greek : Panormites ) is a village and comune of the province of Catanzaro in the Calabria region of southern Italy .
Wola Blakowa ( ˈvɔla blaˈkɔva ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lgota Wielka , within Radomsko County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
The original Tenth Presbyterian Church , founded in 1829 as a congregation part of the Presbyterian Church in the United States of America , was located on the northeast corner of 12th & Walnut Streets .
The Grenadines is an island chain that is part of St . Vincent and Grenada .
Cheetah Marketing was a United Kingdom - based company that produced electronic music - related hardware products and software for home computer systems during the 1980s .
Quest University Canada is a private secular non - profit liberal arts and sciences university in Squamish , British Columbia , Canada .
Khirbet al - Mukhayyat ( Arabic : خربة المُخيَّط ) also commonly known as Siyagha is a village in Madaba Governorate in Jordan .
The Bologna Museum of Modern Art ( MAMbo , or Museo d’Arte Moderna di Bologna ) is a purpose - designed centre of modern and experimental art , located in the centre of Bologna , Italy .
Porzi ( Persian : پرزي‎ , also Romanized as Porzī ; also known as Pordī and Yūzī ) is a village in Ala - e Marvdasht Rural District , Ala - e Marvdasht District , Lamerd County , Fars Province , Iran .
Bosön is a sports complex on Lidingö outside Stockholm in Sweden , and the headquarters for the Swedish Sports Confederation .
The Rio Negro Bridge ( Portuguese : Ponte Rio Negro ) is a cable - stayed bridge over the Rio Negro with 3,595 metres ( 11,795 ft ) of length that links the cities of Manaus and Iranduba in Brazil .
To this end , in 1992 , the EMBL Council voted to establish the European Bioinformatics Institute and to locate it at the Wellcome Trust Genome Campus in the United Kingdom where it would be in close proximity to the major sequencing efforts at the Wellcome Trust Sanger Institute .
Voll Church ( Norwegian : Voll kyrkje ) is a parish church in Rauma Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county , Norway .
Gholam Rostam ( Persian : غلام رستم‎ , also Romanized as Gholām Rostam ; also known as Deh - e Gholām Rostam ) is a village in Margan Rural District , in the Central District of Hirmand County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
The Hen and Chicken Islands ( usually known collectively as the Hen and Chickens ) lie to the east of the North Auckland Peninsula off the coast of northern New Zealand .
Qezeljeh Gol ( Persian : قزلجه گل‎ ; also known as Qezelcheh Gol ) is a village in Hajjilar - e Shomali Rural District , Hajjilar District , Chaypareh County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Pointe du Toulinguet is a promontory at the end of the Crozon peninsula in the commune of Camaret - sur - Mer in France .
Chelqai ( Persian : چلقايي‎ , also Romanized as Chelqā’ī ) is a village in Benajuy - ye Sharqi Rural District , in the Central District of Bonab County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Casa de España is the headquarters of a private social organization whose members are those of Spanish descent in San Juan , Puerto Rico on Calle Ponce de Leon .
The Albarregas Roman bridge ( Spanish : Puente Romano sobre El Albarregas ) is a Roman bridge located in Mérida , Spain .
Mount Namuli is the second highest mountain in Mozambique and the highest in the Province of Zambezia .
Lünen Power Station is a coal - fired power station in Germany .
Batres ( Spanish pronunciation : ( ˈbatɾes ) ) is a small town and municipality in the autonomous community of Madrid in central Spain .
As of 2001 India census , the population under Mokokchung Municipal Council ( excluding the colonies beyond Sungkomen Ward ) had a population of 31,204 .
Härkeberga Church ( Swedish : Härkeberga kyrka ) is a Lutheran church in the Archdiocese of Uppsala in Uppsala County , Sweden .
Lady Elliot Island Light is an active lighthouse located on Lady Elliot Island , the southern - most coral cay of the Great Barrier Reef , 46 nautical miles ( 85 km ; 53 mi ) north - east of Bundaberg , Queensland , Australia .
West Mani ( Greek : Δυτική Μάνη - Dytiki Mani ) is a municipality in the Messenia regional unit , Peloponnese , Greece .
Ko Lipe ( Thai : เกาะหลีเป๊ะ ) is a small island in the Adang - Rawi Archipelago of the Andaman Sea , in Satun Province of southwest Thailand , close to the Malaysian border .
Nordjyske Stiftstidende is a daily regional newspaper published in Aalborg , Denmark .
Mam Zineh ( Persian : مامزينه‎ , also Romanized as Mām Zīneh ; also known as Mameh Zīneh ) is a village in Melkari Rural District , Vazineh District , Sardasht County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
DPS Compound ( Department of Public Services compound ) is a barangay in the southern part of Baguio , Philippines , at Session Road Extension .
The McCreary railway station is a flag stop located in McCreary , Manitoba , Canada .
Sursk ( Russian : Сурск ) is a town in Gorodishchensky District of Penza Oblast , Russia , located on the left bank of the Sura River , 92 kilometers ( 57 mi ) east of Penza , the administrative center of the oblast .
Rabotnichesko Delo ( Bulgarian : Работническо дело , `` Workers ' Deed '' ) was a leftist Bulgarian newspaper that was the organ of the Bulgarian Communist Party 's Central Committee and was one of the People 's Republic of Bulgaria 's highest - circulation newspapers .
Manowo ( maˈnɔvɔ ) ( German : Manow ) is a village in Koszalin County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Mjømna Church ( Norwegian : Mjømna kyrkje ) is a parish church in Gulen Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county , Norway .
Efjord Chapel ( Norwegian : Efjord kapell ) is a chapel in the municipality of Ballangen in Nordland county , Norway .
Diran is a mountain in the Karakoram range in Gilgit - Baltistan , Pakistan .
Løvenholm is a castle and estate 23 km ( 14 mi ) east of Randers in Jutland , Denmark , owned by a foundation .
Firinghi Kalibari is a temple dedicated to the Hindu Goddess Kali located on B.B Ganguly street in the Bowbazar locality of Kolkata , India .
Góra ( ˈɡura ) ( German : Guhrau ) is a town in Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Goombala Road is a major throughway within Tarra - Bulga National Park in South Gippsland , Australia .
Haylmore Creek is the largest tributary of the Gates River , flowing northwest from its origin in the central Cayoosh Range to join that river at the community of Devine , British Columbia , Canada , in the Lillooet Country of the Southern Interior of British Columbia .
Falconara Marittima is a seaside resort on the Adriatic coast , in Italy , located 9 kilometres ( 5.6 mi ) north of Ancona , in the Marche region , province of Ancona .
Singur Reservoir is a reservoir formed by back waters of Singur Dam located on Manjira River in Medak District , Telangana , India .
Nayjuk ( Persian : نايجوك‎ , also Romanized as Nāyjūk and Nayjook ; also known as Nahīn and Nājiūk ) is a village in Dowlatabad Rural District , in the Central District of Abhar County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
Byeonsan ( Uisangbong ) is a mountain of Jeollabuk - do , western South Korea .
Ceraso is a town and comune ( population 2,494 ) in the province of Salerno in the Campania region of south - western Italy .
Blancafort , Tarragona is a village in the province of Tarragona and the autonomous community of Catalonia , Spain .
Serniki ( sɛrˈniki ) is a village in Lubartów County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
The Free Scotland Party is a minor political party in Scotland that stands for an independent Scotland , independent of both the United Kingdom and the European Union .
There are more than 700 islands in the archipelago that make up The Bahamas , but only 14 of the Out Islands are inhabited .
Novosibirsk Tolmachevo Airport ( Russian : Аэропóрт Толмачёво ) ( IATA : OVB , ICAO : UNNT ) is situated in the town of Ob , 16 km from the center of Novosibirsk , an industrial and scientific center in Siberia and Russia 's third largest city .
Chittar River and its five tributaries and numerous other contributing streams originate in the Courtallam hills of Tirunelveli District in the state of Tamil Nadu in southern India .
Monfalcone railway station ( Italian : Stazione di Monfalcone ) serves the town and comune of Monfalcone , in the autonomous region of Friuli - Venezia Giulia , northeastern Italy .
Lashio District ( Burmese : လားရှိုးခရိုင် ) is a district of Shan State in Myanmar .
Lợi An is a commune ( xã ) and village in Trần Văn Thời District , Cà Mau Province , in Vietnam .
Lindau is the most popular tourist attraction in the South of Germany .
Khon Kaen ( Thai : ขอนแก่น , pronounced ( kʰɔ̌ːn kɛ̀n ) or ( kʰɔ̌n kɛ̀n ) ) is one of the four major cities of Isan , Thailand , also known as the `` big four of Isan '' , the others being Udon Thani , Khorat , and Ubon Ratchathani .
The Petroglyphs of Pusharo constitute a unique and extensive ancient rock art site in southeast Peru 's Manú National Park , a jungled expanse that still contains unexplored and little known areas , and for which an official government permit is required for entry .
Donji Drapnići ( Serbian : Доњи Драпнићи ) is a village in the municipality of Sokolac , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Strandstuviken Nature Reserve ( Swedish : Strandstuvikens naturreservat ) is a nature reserve in Södermanland County in Sweden .
The Province of Belluno ( Italian : Provincia di Belluno ; German : Provinz Belluno ) is a province in the Veneto region of Italy .
Nalusuan is a man - made resort island in the Cebu Strait , the Philippines , and one of the islands comprising the Olango Island Group .
The Beneden Merwede is a stretch of river in the Netherlands , mainly fed by the river Rhine .
Nevado Sajama is an extinct stratovolcano and the highest peak in Bolivia .
Deh - e Kandal ( Persian : ده کندل‎ ; also known as Kandal ) is a village in Margan Rural District , in the Central District of Hirmand County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Omodos ( Greek : ' Ομοδος ) is a village in the Troödos Mountains of Cyprus .
Santa Rosa de la Eminencia castle is a colonial castle built in the seventeenth century by the Spanish monarchy in La Asunción , Venezuela .
Zalin ( Serbian : Залин ) is a village in the municipality of Bosanska Krupa , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Taltheilei Narrows Water Aerodrome ( TC LID : CED9 ) , is located in McLeod Bay on Great Slave Lake in the Northwest Territories , Canada and is open from June to September .
Hays International College is a tertiary level training institute situated in Melbourne , Australia .
Strojna ( pronounced ( ˈstɾoːi̯na ) ) is a dispersed settlement in the hills northwest of Ravne na Koroškem in the Carinthia region in northern Slovenia , close to the border with Austria .
The Shah Alam Komuter station is a Komuter train station located in Seksyen 19 , Shah Alam , Selangor , Malaysia .
Kutaisi ( Georgian : ქუთაისი ; ancient names : Aea / Aia , Kotais , Kutatisi , Kutaïsi ) is the legislative capital of Georgia , and its second largest city , after the capital Tbilisi .
The Abgeordnetenhaus of Berlin is the state parliament ( Landtag ) of Berlin , Germany according to the city - state 's constitution .
Shahr - e Shib ( Persian : شهرشيب‎ , also Romanized as Shahr - e Shīb ; also known as Shahr - e Shīv ) is a village in Gowharan Rural District , Gowharan District , Bashagard County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Burtnieki is a village ( population 488 ) in Burtnieki parish , North Latvia , near the Lake Burtnieks .
Çallı ( also , Chally ) is a village and municipality in the Zardab Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Grlinci ( pronounced ( ˈɡəɾlintsi ) ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Juršinci in northeastern Slovenia .
Wong Shiu Chi Secondary School ( Chinese : 王肇枝中學 ) is a Hong Kong secondary school located in Tai Po .
Dąbrowa Nowogardzka ( dɔmˈbrɔva nɔvɔˈɡart͡ska ) ( German : Damerow ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowogard , within Goleniów County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Epano Vatheia is a Greek village in the Heraklion regional unit , Crete , Greece .
Hessequa Local Municipality ( before 24 June 2005 the Langeberg Local Municipality ) is a municipality located in the Western Cape Province of South Africa .
Kavis ( Persian : كاويس‎ , Sorani Kurdish : کاوه‌یس , also Romanized as Kāvīs and Kāweys ; also known as Kāvos ) is a village in Mangur - e Sharqi Rural District , Khalifan District , Mahabad County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Pinnacle Point a small promontory immediately south of Mossel Bay , a town on the southern coast of South Africa .
Founded in 1890 , the University of Central Oklahoma was one of the first institutions of higher learning to be established in what would become the state of Oklahoma , making it one of the oldest universities in the southwest region of the United States of America .
Dolenja Vas pri Čatežu ( pronounced ( dɔˈleːnja ˈʋaːs pɾi ˈtʃaːtɛʒu ) ; Slovene : Dolenja vas pri Čatežu ) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Trebnje in eastern Slovenia .
Champakulam ( Malayalam:ചമ്പക്കുളം ) is a village in Kerala , India .
Thammanampatti is one of the village of Dharmapuri district , Tamil Nadu , India .
Kembé Falls are located on the Kotto River , near Kembé on the road from Bangui to Bangassou in the Central African Republic , located about 80 km from Bangassou .
Susak ( Italian : Sansego ; German and French : Sansig ) is a small island on the northern Adriatic coast of Croatia .
Quibble Island is a river island in the state of Tamil Nadu in India .
Winter Stadium ( Hebrew : אצטדיון וינטר‎ ) is a multi - purpose stadium in Ramat Gan , Israel .
Slivarovo ( Bulgarian : Сливарово ) is a village in Malko Tarnovo Municipality , in Burgas Province , in southeastern Bulgaria .
Gatika ( Spanish : Gatica ) is a town and municipality located in the province of Biscay , in the autonomous community of Basque Country , northern Spain .
Sambory ( samˈbɔrɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wizna , within Łomża County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Kalibata is a kelurahan ( literally `` village '' , in this case the smallest unit in the sub - division of urban areas ) , part of Pancoran which is itself a subdistrict of South Jakarta , Indonesia .
The Hitler birthplace memorial stone , a memorial to victims of the Nazis , is placed in front of Salzburger Vorstadt 15 , Braunau am Inn , Upper Austria , the building where Adolf Hitler was born in 1889 .
Among the arguments in opposition to Israel 's unilateral disengagement plan , which stated that the settlers should be evicted from Elei Sinai , was a proposal by Farhan allowing the settlers to remain in their homes as Palestinian citizens , an idea the Palestinians the Israeli government rejected .
Piotrawin - Kolonia ( pjɔˈtravin kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łaziska , within Opole Lubelskie County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Spodnja Pohanca ( pronounced ( ˈspoːdnja ˈpoːxantsa ) ; German : Unterpochanza ) is a village west of Artiče in the Municipality of Brežice in eastern Slovenia .
Hegra Fortress ( Norwegian : Hegra festning ) is a small mountain fortress in the village of Hegra in the municipality of Stjørdal in Nord - Trøndelag county , Norway .
The Belgian railway line 50 is a railway line in Belgium connecting Brussels to Ghent .
Kattathurai is a village located in Kanyakumari district of Tamil Nadu , India on National Highway 47 approximately 44 km south east of Trivandrum .
The Sassenpoort ( English : Sassen gate ) is a gatehouse in the citywall of Zwolle , Netherlands .
Hordfast or the Hordaland Fixed Link is a planned road project between the mainland city of Bergen and the island of Stord in Hordaland county , Norway .
Goranxi ( Greek : Γοραντζή , Gorantzi ( or ) Καλογοραντζή , Kalogorantzi ) is a settlement in the former Dropull i Poshtëm municipality , Gjirokastër County , southern Albania .
Dikemark Hospital is a former psychiatric hospital in Asker , Norway .
Santa Rosa de Tastil is a rural municipality in Salta Province in northwestern Argentina .
Auberge de Provence ( Maltese : Berġa ta ' Provenza ) is an auberge in Valletta , Malta .
Fresse - sur - Moselle is a commune in the Vosges department of Lorraine in northeastern France .
Gare de Bornel - Belle - Église ( the Bornel - Belle - Église Station ) is a rail station located in Bornel ( Oise department ) , France and serves nearby Belle - Église .
Awan Town is a housing society in Lahore , Pakistan .
Yesodot ( Hebrew : יְסוֹדוֹת , lit . Foundations ) is a religious moshav shitufi in central Israel .
Mglin ( Russian : Мглин ) is a town and the administrative center of Mglinsky District in Bryansk Oblast , Russia , located on the Sudynka River 167 kilometers ( 104 mi ) west of Bryansk , the administrative center of the oblast .
The University of Manitoba Press is a publishing house based at the University of Manitoba in Winnipeg , Manitoba , Canada .
Louvain - la - Neuve ( French pronunciation : ​(lu.vɛ̃.la.nœv ) , French for New Leuven ) is a planned city in the municipality of Ottignies - Louvain - la - Neuve , Belgium , situated 30 km southeast of Brussels , in the French - speaking part of the country .
Nelson Central School is a state primary contributing school located in the inner city of Nelson at the top of the South Island of New Zealand teaching children of both genders aged 5 to 11 years .
Duksfjorden ( Northern Sami : Diksovuotna ) is an fjord arm that branches off the main Kamøyfjorden on the eastern side of the island of Magerøya in Nordkapp Municipality in Finnmark county , Norway .
Daejeon Health Sciences College is a technical college providing training in the health sciences in South Korea .
St. Mary 's College of Engineering and Technology ( SMCET ) is a technical institute located in Hyderabad , India .
Neve Yarak ( Hebrew : נְוֵה יָרָק , lit . Greenery Home ) is a moshav in central Israel .
Medzany ( Hungarian : Megye ) is a village and municipality in Prešov District in the Prešov Region of eastern Slovakia .
The Port of Salvador is a seaport located in All Saints Bay in Salvador , Bahia , Brazil .
Silvera for Seniors is a charitable , not - for - profit organization based in Calgary , Alberta , Canada that provides subsidized housing to more than 1500 lower - income senior citizens in the city .
Vabzar ( Persian : وبذر‎ , also Romanized as Vabẕar ) is a village in Mohammadabad Rural District , in the Central District of Karaj County , Alborz Province , Iran .
Aruvikkuzhi Waterfalls ( not to be confused with Aruvikkuzhy Falls in pathanamthitta , Kerala ) is a waterfall near Kottayam in the Kerala state of India .
Hajji Mosayyeb ( Persian : حاجي مصييب‎ , also Romanized as Ḩājjī Moşayyeb ) is a village in Benajuy - ye Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Bonab County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The most famous Lateran buildings are the Lateran Palace , once called the Palace of the Popes , and the Basilica of St. John Lateran , the cathedral of Rome , which although part of Italy is a property of the Holy See that has extraterritorial privileges as a result of the 1929 Lateran Treaty .
Kir Lake ( Lac Kir ) is an artificial lake located south west of Dijon , France .
Aqchiqucha ( Quechua aqchi hawk or sparrowhawk , qucha lake,``hawk lake '' , hispanicized spellings Acchicocha , Achicocha ) is a lake in Peru located in the Junín Region , Huancayo Province , Chongos Alto District .
Sjonhem Church ( Swedish : Sjonhems kyrka ) is a medieval Lutheran church on the island of Gotland , Sweden .
Lake Porkuni is a lake in Porkuni , in northern Estonia .
The Knox Rugby Club , formerly known as Knox Old Boys RUFC , is a rugby union football club which plays in Division One of the New South Wales Suburban Rugby Union and is based in Sydney , New South Wales , Australia .
Okakarara is a town in Otjozondjupa Region , Namibia , located 50 km southeast of Waterberg National Park .
The Planetarium Science Center is a department in the Bibliotheca Alexandrina in Alexandria , Egypt .
The Mulde ( German pronunciation : ( ˈmʊldə ) ) is a river in Saxony and Saxony - Anhalt , Germany .
The Victorian Heritage Register ( VHR ) lists places of cultural heritage significance to the State of Victoria , Australia .
Vágatunnilin ( Faroese ) or Vágar Tunnel ( English ) is a 4,940 metres ( 16,210 ft ) long undersea road tunnel in the Faroe Islands .
Magiko ( Greek : Μαγικό ) is a settlement in the Vistonida municipal unit , Xanthi regional unit of Greece .
Vordingborg is an old ferry town in Vordingborg Municipality in Denmark .
The Tampico Bridge ( Spanish : Puente Tampico ) is a vehicular cable - stayed bridge in Mexico , located on the Pánuco River in the city of Tampico , Tamaulipas , near to the Gulf of Mexico .
Voranava or Voronovo ( Belarusian : Воранава , Russian : Вороново , Polish : Woronów ) is a town in Belarus , in Grodno Region .
Korapuzha also known as Elathur River is a short river of 40 km ( 25 mi ) , with a drainage area of 624 km2 ( 241 sq mi ) , flowing through the Kozhikode district of Kerala state in India .
Bonakal is a subdivision of Khammam District of Telangana state in India .
Albertslund is a Copenhagen suburb in Albertslund Municipality , Denmark .
Russian - Tajik Slavonic University ( RTSU ) , also known as Russian - Tajik University , is a university in Tajikistan located in Dushanbe .
Roszki - Wodźki ( ˈrɔʂki ˈvɔt͡ɕki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łapy , within Białystok County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Pameungpeuk is a small town near the coast of southwestern Java , Indonesia .
Sipoonkorpi National Park ( Finnish : Sipoonkorven kansallispuisto , Swedish : Sibbo storskogs nationalpark ) is a national park in Finland .
Labasa ( pronounced ( lamˈbasa ) ) is a town in Fiji with a population of 27,949 at the most recent census held in 2007 .
Gedser Odde on the island of Falster in the Baltic Sea is Denmark 's southernmost point .
Brautsee ( Danish : Brudesøen ) is a lake in Schleswig , Schleswig - Holstein , Germany .
The Saint - Robert - Bellarmin Wind Project is a wind farm in the municipality of Saint - Robert - Bellarmin , Quebec in Canada .
Yana Ranra ( Quechua yana black , ranra stony ; stony ground , `` black stony ground '' , also spelled Yanarangra ) is a mountain in the Andes of Peru , about 4,800 metres ( 15,748 ft ) high .
The Mata River is a river of the East Coast of the North Island of New Zealand .
Calitzdorp is a town on the Western side of the Little or Klein Karoo in the Western Cape Province of South Africa and lies on South Africa 's Route 62 .
Darbahan ( Persian : دربهان‎ , also Romanized as Darbahān and Darbakhan ) is a village in Qaqazan - e Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Takestan County , Qazvin Province , Iran .
Čukarički Stadium , also known as Stadion na Banovom brdu ( English : Banovo Brdo Stadium ) is a multi - purpose stadium in Belgrade , Serbia .
Jaydasht ( Persian : جايدشت‎ , also Romanized as Jāydasht ; also known as Jā Dasht ) is a village in Jaydasht Rural District , in the Central District of Firuzabad County , Fars Province , Iran .
Ołpiny ( ɔu̯ˈpinɨ ) is a village in the Lesser Poland Voivodeship ( province ) , district of Tarnów , gmina ( commune ) of Szerzyny , in southeastern Poland .
Afipsky ( Russian : Афипский ) is an urban locality ( an urban - type settlement ) in Seversky District of Krasnodar Krai , Russia , located on the left bank of the Afips River , 15 kilometers ( 9.3 mi ) from Krasnodar .
Darlington Probation Station was a convict penal settlement on Maria Island , Tasmania ( then Van Diemen 's Land ) , from 1825 to 1832 , then later a convict probation station during the last phase of convict management in eastern Australia ( 1842 - -1850 ) .
Valhúsaskóli , commonly referred to as Való , is a middle school located in Seltjarnarnes , Iceland .
The Bärenbrucher Teich ( `` Bärenbruch Pond '' ) is an historic reservoir in the Harz Mountains of central Germany .
The Nescio Bridge ( or Nesciobrug in Dutch ) is an award - winning cycle and footbridge in the Netherlands .
Pacinje ( pronounced ( ˈpaːtsinjɛ ) ) is a village on the right bank of the Pesnica River in the Municipality of Ptuj in northeastern Slovenia .
Nekhel ( Arabic : نِخِل‎ Egyptian Arabic pronunciation : ( ˈnexel ) ; also spelled and pronounced Nakhl ( næxl ) ) is the capital of Nekhel Municipality of North Sinai Governorate , Sinai , Egypt .
Nea Mesangala ( Greek : Νέα Μεσάγκαλα ) is a beach settlement of the community of Aigani , a former municipal district of Kato Olympos , which is part of the municipality of Tempi in the Larissa regional unit , Thessaly , Greece .
Chaker Bazar ( Persian : چاكربازار‎ , also Romanized as Chāker Bāzār ; also known as Shāker Bāzār ) is a village in Polan Rural District , Polan District , Chabahar County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Begnas Lake is a freshwater lake in Lekhnath municipality of Kaski district of Nepal located in the south - east of the Pokhara Valley .
Krajna Vas ( pronounced ( ˈkɾaːi̯na ˈʋaːs ) ; Slovene : Krajna vas ) is a village in the Municipality of Sežana in the Littoral region of Slovenia , close to the border with Italy .
Kasetsart University Laboratory School Center for Educational Research and Development ( Thai : โรงเรียนสาธิตแห่งมหาวิทยาลัยเกษตรศาสตร์ ศูนย์วิจัยและพัฒนาการศึกษา , Roangrian Satit Haeng Mahawittayalai Kasetsart Sunwichailaepattana Kansueksa ) , informally known as Satit Kaset ( Thai:สาธิตเกษตร ) , is a well - known laboratory school in Bangkok , Thailand , operated under the auspices of Faculty of Education , Kasetsart University .
Viver is a town in the Castellón province of Valencian Community , Spain .
Bad König is a town and resort ( Kurort ) in the central Odenwald in the Odenwaldkreis ( district ) in Hesse , Germany , 29 km southeast of Darmstadt .
Fukersberg ( or Fuckersberg ) is a populated place in Upper Austria , Austria .
Mala Račna ( pronounced ( ˈmaːla ˈɾaːtʃna ) ; German : Kleinratschna ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Grosuplje in central Slovenia .
The Museum of the Nation ( Museo de la Nación ) is one of two major museums of Peruvian history in Lima , Peru .
Očová ( older Hungarian spelling : Ocsova ) is a village and municipality of the Zvolen District in the Banská Bystrica Region of Slovakia .
Mogiel ( ˈmɔɡʲɛl ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipnica , within Bytów County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
FC Tighina is a Moldovan football club based in Bender ( also known as Tighina ) , Moldova .
Lake Aylmer ( French : Lac Aylmer ) is a lake located in the Chaudière - Appalaches region of Quebec , Canada .
Varig Flight 820 was a scheduled international passenger flight from Galeão Airport , Rio de Janeiro , Brazil to Orly Airport , Paris , France .
The Hugh Wooding Law School ( HWLS ) is a law school in Trinidad and Tobago .
Entre - Deux - Mers is a wine region in Bordeaux , in France .
The College of the Rockies is a Canadian public community college , located in the southeast corner of British Columbia , Canada .
Vue Weekly is an alternative weekly newspaper published in Edmonton , Alberta , Canada and with new issues coming out every Thursday .
The North Luzon West Expressway is a 4-lane , 238.5-kilometer , limited - access toll expressway that is under construction on the island of Luzon in the Philippines .
Hudo Brezje ( pronounced ( ˈxuːdɔ ˈbɾeːzjɛ ) ) is a settlement in the hills above the right bank of the Sava River in the western Krško Hills ( Slovene : Krško gričevje ) in east - central Slovenia .
The Bealey River is a small river located in the Southern Alps of New Zealand .
Céret ( French : ( seʁɛ ) ; Catalan : Ceret ( səˈɾɛt ) ) is a commune in the Pyrénées - Orientales department in southern France .
Morinë is a settlement in eastern Albania , on the border with Kosovo .
Ring II ( pronounced `` ring two '' , Finnish : Kehä II , Swedish : Ring II ) in the region of Espoo is one of the major highways in Finland , .
The Gardiner Museum is Canada 's national ceramics museum .
Gornje Vreme ( pronounced ( ˈɡoːɾnjɛ ˈwɾeːmɛ ) ; Italian : Auremo di Sopra ) is a village on the banks of the Reka River in the Municipality of Divača in the Littoral region of Slovenia .
The Port - au - Prince International Jazz Festival ( French : Festival International de Jazz de Port - au - Prince ) is a large annual jazz festival held in Haiti .
The Inziana River is a river in the Central Coast region of British Columbia , Canada , flowing east out of the Pacific Ranges into the head of Owikeno Lake .
The Canadian Postmasters and Assistants Association or CPAA represents rural postal workers for the Canada Post Corporation .
Schloss Ueckermünde is a Schloss in Ueckermünde in Vorpommern - Greifswald , one of the latest buildings in the Pomeranian dukes in Germany .
Porlamar is the largest city on Isla Margarita , Nueva Esparta State in Venezuela .
MacRitchie Viaduct ( sometimes also called Lornie Viaduct ) is a viaduct in Thomson , Singapore that was built on top of Lornie Road and Thomson Road , with its extension also above Braddell Road .
The Saratov Aviation Plant ( Saratovskiy Aviatsionnyy Zavod , SAZ , Саратовский Авиационный Завод , САЗ ) is a Russian / Soviet aircraft production facility , located in Saratov , Russia .
The Alice Springs Reptile Centre is a privately operated reptile centre and environmental education facility in Alice Springs in the Northern Territory of Australia .
Qanlıkənd ( also , Kanlykend ) is a village in the Kalbajar Rayon of Azerbaijan .
In 1963 the first and only one Special School for Aeronautical and Spatial Medicine in Italy was created out of Center of Studies and Research on Aeronautical Medicine to do research work in the new field of Space activities .
Tilooyi ( Persian : تیلوئی ‎ ) is a village in Tamin Rural District , in the Corrin of Zahedan County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Forst ( Lausitz ) ( Lower Sorbian : Baršć ) is a town in Brandenburg , Germany .
Samlout District ( Khmer : ស្រុកសំឡូត ) is a district ( srok ) of Battambang Province , in north - western Cambodia .
The Liberals for Åland ( Swedish : Liberalerna på Åland ) is a liberal political party of the Åland Islands .
Bahary ( Arabic : بحري‎ ) is a neighborhood in Alexandria , Egypt .
The Province of Vicenza ( Italian : Provincia di Vicenza ) is a province in the Veneto region of northern Italy .
Mashahran ( Persian : ماهشهران‎ , also Romanized as Māshahrān and Māshehrān ; also known as Māh Shahrān and Māshahrān - e Now ) is a village in Tiab Rural District , in the Central District of Minab County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
The Cuchilla de Caraguatá is a range of hills in Uruguay .
Tibidabo ( Catalan pronunciation : ( tiβiˈðaβu ) ) is a mountain overlooking Barcelona , Catalonia , Spain .
Loit ( Danish : Løjt ) is a municipality in the district of Schleswig - Flensburg , in Schleswig - Holstein , Germany .
Frauenbad Stadthausquai is a public bath in Zürich , Switzerland , being part of the historical the Seeuferanlage promenades that were built between 1881 and 1887 .
Malmaddi is a residential area in Dharwad city , Karnataka , India , located near the Dharwad city railway station .
Nausena Baugh ( In Hindi - नौसेना बाग)is a Naval Base located near the Anushakti Nagar in Mumbai , Maharashtra , India .
O Porriño is a municipality in Galicia , Spain in the province of Pontevedra .
Mount Echigo - Komagatake or Uonuma - Komagatake ( 越後駒ヶ岳 or 魚沼駒ヶ岳 ) is a mountain located on the border of Uonuma and Minamiuonuma , Niigata Prefecture , Japan , with an elevation of 2,002.7 m ( 6,571 ft ) It is one of the 100 famous mountains in Japan .
Bast Bani ( Persian : بست بني‎ , also Romanized as Bast Banī ) is a village in Mahur Rural District , Mahvarmilani District , Mamasani County , Fars Province , Iran .
The Toronto Standard is an English language digital newspaper based in Toronto , Ontario , Canada .
Otrhánky ( Hungarian : Eszterce ) is a village and municipality in Bánovce nad Bebravou District in the Trenčín Region of north - western Slovakia .
Sherkat Chah ( Persian : شركت چاه‎ , also Romanized as Sherkat Chāh ) is a village in Margan Rural District , in the Central District of Hirmand County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Anzio ( ˈantsjo ) is a city and comune on the coast of the Lazio region of Italy , about 51 kilometres ( 32 mi ) south of Rome .
Alatyr River ( Russian : Алатырь ) is a river in Mordovia in Russia , Sura 's left tributary .
Poienile de sub Munte ( Ukrainian : Русь Поляни , Поляни or Полонина ; Hungarian : Ruszpolyána or Havasmező ; Polish : Ruska Polana ; German : Reußenau ; Hebrew : פאליען - ריסקווה‎ ) is a commune in Maramureş County , northern Romania .
The Helmholtz Institute Jena was founded as an outstation of the GSI Helmholtzzentrum für Schwerionenforschung on June 25 , 2009 and is located on the campus of the Friedrich Schiller University ( FSU ) in the city of Jena , Germany .
The Certificate in Education ( Cert Ed ) is a professional qualification for teachers in the United Kingdom .
Wingecarribee Shire is the local government area of the Southern Highlands in the state of New South Wales , Australia .
The Roman temple of Alcántara is located at one side of the Alcántara Bridge , Cáceres , Extremadura ( Spain ) .
Dugadda or Dogadda(दुगड्डा ) is a small city and a municipal board in Pauri Garhwal District in the state of Uttarakhand , India .
Laskuti ( Persian : لاسكوتي‎ , also Romanized as Lāskūtī ; also known as Lāskū’ī ) is a village in Natel - e Restaq Rural District , Chamestan District , Nur County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
The Skulpturenpark Artpark ( Sculpture garden Artpark ) is a sculpture garden in the city of Linz , Austria , where more than 20 artists had created their sculptures .
Museum Ovartaci in Aarhus , Denmark is a combined art and historical museum dedicated to the history of psychiatric treatment and art produced by patients at the Risskov Psychiatric Hospital .
Atakum is a central district in Samsun , Turkey .
Punto Fijo is the capital city of the municipality of Carirubana in northern Falcón State , Venezuela .
Yarkona ( Hebrew : יַרְקוֹנָה ) is a moshav in central Israel .
Woodville Oval ( currently Maughan Thiem Hyundai Oval and formerly Unleash Solar Oval ) is primarily an Australian rules football and cricket oval found on Oval Avenue in the western Adelaide suburb of Woodville in South Australia .
Leoben ( German pronunciation : ( leˈoːbn̩ ) ) is a Styrian city in central Austria , located by the Mur river .
Lancaster Sound ( Inuktitut ᑕᓪᓗᕈᑎᐅᑉ ᑕᕆᐅᖓ Tallurutiup Tariunga ) is a body of water in Qikiqtaaluk , Nunavut , Canada .
The Südost Autobahn ( A3 ; ' Southeast Motorway ' ) is a motorway , or `` Autobahn '' , in Austria .
The Nemegt Formation ( or Nemegtskaya Svita ) is a geological formation in the Gobi desert of Mongolia , dating from the Late Cretaceous .
Seoul National University Law School ( also known as SNU Law ) is one of the professional graduate schools of Seoul National University , located in Seoul , South Korea .
Roundwood , historically known as Tóchar ( Irish : an Tóchar , meaning `` the causeway '' ) , is a village in County Wicklow , Ireland .
Thai Airways Company or Thai Airways ( TAC ; Thai : เดินอากาศไทย ) was the domestic flag carrier of Thailand .
Teneniai is a small town in Šilalė district municipality , Tauragė County , in western Lithuania .
The Queenston Formation is a geological formation of Upper Ordovician age ( Maysvillian to Richmondian Stage ) , which outcrops in Ontario , Canada ( along the northern and eastern flanks of the Niagara Escarpment , as well as east of Ottawa ) and New York , United States ( just south of Lake Ontario ) .
Damsholte Church , located in the village of Damsholte on the island of Møn in southeastern Denmark , is the only village church in the country built in the Rococo style .
El Feidja National Park is located in Northwest Tunisia and has an area of 2,765 hectares ( 6,830 acres ) .
Café In 2004 , the Forest Café became one of only four internet cafés in the United Kingdom to have won a highly recommended citation in the Yahoo ! Mail Internet Café Awards .
Birkenhead Public Library ( Te Whare Matauranga o Birkenhead in Māori ) is a New Zealand library , part of the Auckland Libraries system .
Mardekheh ( Persian : مردخه‎ , also Romanized as Mardakheh ; also known as Mardakhe ) is a village in Jirdeh Rural District , in the Central District of Shaft County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Radišići ( Serbian : Радишићи ) is a village in Bosnia and Herzegovina .
The Tianguis Cultural del Chopo is a Saturday flea market ( tianguis in Mexican Spanish ) near Mexico City downtown , known locally as El Chopo .
Zhukiv ( Ukrainian Жуків ) , is a major village in Berezhany Raion of Ternopil Oblast , Ukraine .
Beinamar is a small city in Chad .
The London England Temple of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter - day Saints , is just over the Surrey border at Newchapel ; and the United Kingdom ( and former world ) headquarters of the Church of Scientology is at Saint Hill Manor on the southwestern edge of East Grinstead .
Spodnje Loke ( pronounced ( ˈspoːdnjɛ ˈloːkɛ ) or ( ˈspoːdnjɛ ˈlɔːkɛ ) ) is a settlement east of Krašnja on the main road from Ljubljana to Celje in the eastern part of the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia .
Whangape Harbour is a harbour on the west coast of Northland , New Zealand .
Algorta is a locality within the municipality of Getxo , in the province of Biscay , Basque Country , Spain .
Tunulliarfik Fjord ( old spelling : Tunugdliarfik ) is a fjord in the Kujalleq municipality in southern Greenland .
Svätý Jur ( German : Sankt Georgen , Hungarian : Szentgyörgy ) is a small town northeast of Bratislava , the capital of Slovakia .
Makradeo is a village in Jhadol tahsil in Udaipur district of Rajasthan state of India .
Älmhult Municipality ( Älmhults kommun ) is a municipality in central Kronoberg County in southern Sweden , where the town of Älmhult is seat .
Chini Integrated Quarry ( Persian : مجتمع معدن سنگ چيني‎ , also Romanized as Mojtame ` Ma``dan Sang - e Chīnī ) is a village and company town in Hana Rural District , Abadeh Tashk District , Neyriz County , Fars Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 13 , in 4 families .
Dzietrzkowice ( d͡ʑɛtʂkɔˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łubnice , within Wieruszów County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Jurišna Vas ( pronounced ( ˈjuːɾiʃna ˈʋaːs ) ; Slovene : Jurišna vas ) is a village in the Pohorje Hills in the Municipality of Slovenska Bistrica in northeastern Slovenia .
Tell Qaramel ( also Tel Qaramel or Tel al - Qaramel , Arabic : تل القرامل‎ ) is a tell , or archaeological mound , located in the north of present - day Syria , 25 km north of Aleppo and about 65 km south of the Taurus mountains , adjacent to the river Quweiq .
Antrodoco is a town and comune in the province of Rieti , in the Lazio region of central Italy .
Sfax ( Arabic : صفاقس‎ Ṣfāqes ; Berber : Sifaks ) is a city in Tunisia , located 270 km ( 170 mi ) southeast of Tunis .
The Catholic All Schools Sports Association ( CAS ) is a group of Catholic schools in Victoria , Australia .
Ottoshoop is one of the small towns in the City of Mafikeng in the North West Province of South Africa , situated 20 km from the city of Mafikeng on the way to the town of Zeerust .
Cheshmeh Bar ( Persian : چشمه بار‎ , also Romanized as Cheshmeh Bār and Chashmeh Bār ; also known as Chashmeh Bad ) is a village in Dowlatabad Rural District , in the Central District of Abhar County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
Geojedo or Geoje Island ( also often spelled Koje Island ) is the principal island of Geoje City , on the southern coast of Gyeongsangnam - do province , South Korea .
Ebeltoft is an old port town on the central east coast of Denmark with a population of 7,468 ( 1 January 2014 ) .
Ullevi , sometimes known as Nya Ullevi ( Swedish : ( ( ˈnyːa ) ˈɵlːəviː ) , New Ullevi ) , is a multi - purpose stadium in Gothenburg , Sweden .
The A432 autoroute is a motorway in Lyon , France .
Mchowice ( mxɔˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piątek , within Łęczyca County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Wredeby Airfield ( ICAO : EFWB ) is an aerodrome located in Kouvola , Finland , about 7 kilometres ( 4 mi ) southwest of Anjalankoski .
Šnipiškės ( also known as New City Centre ) is a neighborhood in Vilnius , the capital of Lithuania .
Lejasciems ( German : Aahof ) is a village in Gulbene municipality , Latvia .
Amiran - e Sofla ( Persian : اميران سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Amīrān - e Soflá ; also known as Amīrān - e Pā’īn ) is a village in Falard Rural District , Falard District , Lordegan County , Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province , Iran .
Tipu Sultan 's Summer Palace , in Bangalore , India , is an example of Indo - Islamic architecture and was the summer residence of the Mysorean ruler Tipu Sultan .
The Walter and Eliza Hall Institute of Medical Research is Australia 's oldest medical research institute .
As per 2011 Census of India Bhagawangola I CD Block had a total population of 202,071 , all of which were rural .
Dobczyce ( dɔpˈt͡ʂɨt͡sɛ ) is a town in southern Poland , situated since 1999 in the Lesser Poland Voivodeship ( previously in Kraków Voivodeship from 1975 to 1998 ) .
Laigneville , also Laigneville - sur - Brêche , is a commune in the Oise department in northern France .
Waraqu Urqu ( Quechua waraqu cactus , urqu mountain , `` cactus mountain '' , also spelled Waraju Orqo , Waraqo Orqo ) is an archaeological site in the Ayacucho Region in Peru .
Uden - Veghel is a polycentric metropolitan area , centred on the towns of Uden and Veghel , in the east of the province of North Brabant in the southern Netherlands .
The Bonyic Dam is a gravity dam on the Bonyic River , a tributary of the Teribe River about 24 km ( 15 mi ) southwest of Changuinola in the Bocas del Toro province of northwestern Panama .
Çüdüllü ( also , Çudulu , Chudullu , Chudulo , and Chudulu ) is a village in the Qakh Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Wawota is a community of 591 people , located along Highway 48 in southeastern Saskatchewan , Canada .
Davleia ( Greek : Δαύλεια ) is a village and a former municipality in Boeotia , Greece .
Węgliniec ( vɛŋˈɡliɲɛt͡s ) ( German : Kohlfurt ) is a town in Zgorzelec County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Baluan Island is the southern most island of the Admiralty Islands group which make up the majority of Manus Province in Papua New Guinea .
Dzietrzychowice ( d͡ʑɛtʂɨxɔˈvit͡sɛ ) ( German : Dittersbach ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żagań , within Żagań County , Lubusz Voivodeship , in western Poland .
Bansont ( Persian : بانسنت‎ , also Romanized as Bānsont and Bānesont ; also known as Bāksūnat and Bānsunt ) is a village in Jahliyan Rural District , in the Central District of Konarak County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Otjomuise ( Otjiherero : place of steam ) is a township in north - western Windhoek , Namibia .
Chbika is a small coastal town and rural commune in Tan - Tan Province of the Guelmim - Es Semara region of Morocco .
Kabul Library is one of Afghanistan 's oldest and largest libraries , located in the capital Kabul .
A European political party ( formally , a political party at European level ; informally a Europarty ) is a type of political party organisation operating transnationally in Europe and in the institutions of the European Union .
Kaffrine Department is one of the departments of Senegal , located in the Kaffrine Region , formerly part of the Kaolack Region .
Sorsavesi is a rather bigmedium - sized lake in the southeast of Finland , partly in the region Southern Savonia and partly in Northern Savonia .
The North Toronto railway station is a former Canadian Pacific Railway ( CPR ) station in the Summerhill neighbourhood of Toronto , Canada .
Urengoy ( Russian : Уренго́й ) is an urban locality ( an urban - type settlement ) in Purovsky District of Yamalo - Nenets Autonomous Okrug , Russia .
Hertsa ( Ukrainian : Герца , Romanian : Herța pronounced ( ˈhert͡sa ) ) is a city located in Chernivtsi Oblast in western Ukraine .
Persiaran Kewajipan is a major road in Subang Jaya , Selangor , Malaysia .
Statland is a village in the northern part of the municipality of Namdalseid in Nord - Trøndelag county , Norway .
Provence Power Station is an 868 MW coal - fired power station at Gardanne , France .
Trenque Lauquen is a city in the west of the province of Buenos Aires , Argentina , 444 km ( 276 mi ) from Buenos Aires City and 80 km ( 50 mi ) from the border with the province of La Pampa , on the intersection of National Routes 5 and 33 .
Wadi al - Jarf is the present name for an area on the Red Sea coast of Egypt , 119 km ( 74 mi ) south of Suez , that is the site of the oldest known artificial harbor on the world .
Brau Holding International GmbH & Co. KGaA is a holding company for several breweries in Germany .
Tandian ( sometimes spelled as Tandiyan ) is a village in Sardulgarh tehsil of Mansa district in Punjab , India .
Traunstein is a town in the south - eastern part of Bavaria , Germany , and is the administrative center of a much larger district of the same name .
Sohraneh ( Persian : سهرانه‎ , also Romanized as Sohrāneh ) is a village in Tudeshk Rural District , Kuhpayeh District , Isfahan County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
As reported by the Census of India 2011 Manjhaul village has population of 87411 of which 45453 are males while 41958 are females .
Les Islettes is a commune in the Meuse department of Lorraine in north - eastern France .
In Salah Airport is an airport in In Salah , Algeria ( IATA : INZ , ICAO : DAUI ) .
Rubkona ( or Rub Kona , Rub - Koni ) is a town in Unity State , South Sudan .
Waitomo District is a territorial authority , located in the Waikato region , at the north of the King Country area in the North Island of New Zealand .
Cerdanya ( Catalan pronunciation : ( sərˈðaɲə ) , Latin : Ceretania or Ceritania , French : Cerdagne , Spanish : Cerdaña ) , often la Cerdanya , is a natural comarca and historical region of the eastern Pyrenees divided between France and Spain .
Doctor 's Lake West Water Aerodrome ( TC LID : CDL6 ) is located on Doctor 's Lake , 1 nautical mile ( 1.9 km ; 1.2 mi ) northwest of Nova Scotia Trunk 1 and north - northeast of Lake Milo and Yarmouth , Nova Scotia , Canada .
The Museum of Asian Art ( German : Museum für Asiatische Kunst ) is located in the Dahlem neighborhood of the borough of Steglitz - Zehlendorf , Berlin , Germany .
Punucapa ( from Mapudungun Cunucapi , black / fertile earth for legumes ) is a hamlet ( Spanish : caserío ) of pre - Hispanic origin in Los Ríos Region , Chile .
Mater Dei Institute of Education ( Irish : Institiúid Oideachais Mater Dei ) is a linked college of Dublin City University since 1999 , located in Drumcondra , Dublin City , Ireland , near Croke Park , on the site of what was formerly Clonliffe College , the Roman Catholic Seminary for the Archdiocese of Dublin .
Real Teatro de las Cortes is a theatre located on Calle de las Cortes in San Fernando in the Province of Cádiz , Andalusia , Spain .
Julia Vargas Avenue is the central east - west artery through Ortigas Center in Metro Manila , Philippines .
VSM Group AB ( Viking Sewing Machines ) , previously named Husqvarna Sewing Machines is a company based in Huskvarna , Sweden .
Pilda parish ( Latvian : Pildas pagasts ) is an administrative unit of the Ludza District , Latvia .
Dalad Banner ( Mongolian : ᠳᠠᠯᠠᠳ ᠬᠣᠰᠢᠭᠤ Dalad qosiɣu ; simplified Chinese : 达拉特旗 ; traditional Chinese : 達拉特旗 ; pinyin : Dálātè Qí ) is a banner of western Inner Mongolia , People 's Republic of China , lying on the southern ( right ) bank of the Yellow River .
Tardets - Sorholus ( Basque : Atharratze - Sorholüze ) is a commune in the Pyrénées - Atlantiques department in south - western France .
Laitila ( Finnish pronunciation : ( ˈlɑitilɑ ) ; Swedish : Letala ) is a town and a municipality of Finland .
Tribune Channel is a channel or strait on the Central Coast of British Columbia , Canada , separating Gilford Island on the west and north from the mainland .
Hadji Hassan Mahala is the third biggest Roma ghetto in Plovdiv , Bulgaria .
Wetar is one of the 92 officially listed outlying islands of Indonesia .
Goszczanówko ( ɡɔʂt͡ʂaˈnufkɔ ) ( German : Guschterbruch ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drezdenko , within Strzelce - Drezdenko County , Lubusz Voivodeship , in western Poland .
The German Green Belt ( Grünes Band Deutschland in German ) is a project of Bund Naturschutz ( BUND ) , one of Germany 's largest environmental groups .
The Abu Simbel temples are two massive rock temples at Abu Simbel ( أبو سمبل in Arabic ) , a village in Nubia , southern Egypt , near the border with Sudan .
Jungfrau Park is an amusement park located near Interlaken , Switzerland .
Sitniče ( Serbian : Ситниче ) is a village in the municipality of Novi Pazar , Serbia & Montenegro .
Oyi is a Local Government Area and city in Anambra State , Nigeria .
Odolena Voda is a town in Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic located about 16 km north of Prague .
Dechencholing Palace ( བདེ་ཆེན་ཆོས་གླིང་ , Wylie : bde chen chos gling ) is located in Thimphu , the capital of Bhutan , 4 kilometres ( 2.5 mi ) to the north of the Tashichho Dzong and 7 kilometres ( 4.3 mi ) north of the city centre .
Killaspuglonane ( Irish : Cill Easpaig Lonáin ) is a civil parish in County Clare , Ireland .
Khramort ( also Xramort ; Azerbaijani : Pirlər , Armenian : Խրամորթ ) is a village in Khojali Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Solothurn railway station ( Alemannic German : Bahnhof Solothurn ) serves the municipality of Solothurn , the capital city of the Canton of Solothurn , Switzerland .
Bygholm Castle is a former royal castle and manor house located just south of Horsens , Denmark .
Vinaq ( Persian : وينق‎ , also Romanized as Vīnaq ; also known as Vinek ) is a village in Minjavan - e Sharqi Rural District , Minjavan District , Khoda Afarin County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Château de Sainte - Mère is a 13th - century ruined castle in the commune of Sainte - Mère in the Gers département of France .
Khafajah or Khafaje ( ancient Tutub ) is an archaeological site in Diyala Province ( Iraq ) .
Retowy ( rɛˈtɔvɨ ) ( German : Rettauen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sępopol , within Bartoszyce County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland , close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia .
El Mogote is a small peninsula located off the city of La Paz , Baja California Sur , Mexico .
Kerkebet Subregion ( Carcabat District ) is a subregion in the northwestern Anseba region ( Zoba Anseba ) of Eritrea .
Massala - Barala is a village in north - western Ivory Coast .
Assiut Airport ( Arabic : مطار أسيوط‎ ) ( IATA : ATZ , ICAO : HEAT ) is an airport in Assiut ( or Asyut ) , Egypt .
Lievestuoreenjärvi is a medium - sized lake in Laukaa , Finland .
Copenhagen Municipal Hospital ( Danish : Københavns Kommunehospital ) was a hospital that existed from 1863 until 1999 in Copenhagen , Denmark .
Björkhagen ( The Birch Meadow ) is a district ( Swedish : stadsdel ) in Skarpnäck borough , Stockholm , Sweden .
Urisići ( Serbian : Урисићи ) is a village in the municipality of Srebrenica , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Szołtany ( ʂɔu̯ˈtanɨ ) , ( Lithuanian : Šaltėnai ) , is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Puńsk , within Sejny County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland , close to the border with Lithuania .
Mazraeh - ye Dozdakuiyeh ( Persian : مزرعه دزدكويه‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye Dozdakūīyeh ) is a village in Jaydasht Rural District , in the Central District of Firuzabad County , Fars Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its existence was noted , but its population was not reported .
The Sankt Egidien station is the railway station of the Municipality of Sankt Egidien , Saxony , Germany .
The Revival Centres International is a Pentecostal church with its headquarters in Melbourne , Australia .
Ngadi Chuli ( also known as Peak 29 , Dakura , Dakum , or Dunapurna ) is a high peak in the Mansiri Himal ( or Manaslu Himal ) , also known as the Gurkha Massif , in Nepal .
Requesens Castle is a historical building in the municipality of la Jonquera , Catalonia , Spain .
Galugah ( Persian : گلوگاه‎ , also Romanized as Galūgāh ) is a city in and the capital of Galugah County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Hotel Torre Catalunya ( also full name Gran Hotel Torre de Catalunya ) is a skyscraper and hotel in Barcelona , Catalonia , Spain .
The Koralm Tunnel is a railway tunnel that is under construction in Austria under the Koralpe mountain range .
Jimalalud is a 4th class , partially urban municipality in the first congressional district of the province of Negros Oriental , Central Visayas , Philippines .
Kardan University ( Pashto : کاردان پوهنتون‎ / Persian : دانشگاه کاردان‎‎ ) founded in 2003 in Kabul , Afghanistan is the first privately owned university in Afghanistan .
The Mausoleum at Halicarnassus or Tomb of Mausolus ( Persian : آرامگاه هالیکارناسوس‎‎ ; Modern Greek : Μαυσωλείο της Αλικαρνασσού ) was a tomb built between 353 and 350 BC at Halicarnassus ( present Bodrum , Turkey ) for Mausolus , a satrap in the Persian Empire , and his sister - wife Artemisia II of Caria .
Abadan Tappeh ( Persian : آبادان تپه‎ , also Romanized as Ābādān Tappeh ) is a village in Aqabad Rural District , in the Central District of Gonbad - e Qabus County , Golestan Province , Iran .
Piskornik ( pisˈkɔrnik ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Ostrówek , within Wieluń County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Bukit Lumut Balai is a heavily eroded stratovolcano on Sumatra island , Indonesia .
Panellinios Indoor Hall , or Panellinios AC Indoor Hall , is an indoor sporting arena that is located in the district of Kypseli , Athens , Greece .
Waidhofen an der Thaya is an Austrian town located on the German Thaya river in the district of the same name in Lower Austria .
Lungotevere in Sassia is the stretch of Lungotevere that links Piazza della Rovere to Via San Pio X in Rome ( Italy ) , in the Rione Borgo .
Miloslavska planina ( Cyrillic : Милославска планина ) is a mountain on the border of Serbia and Bulgaria , near the town of Dimitrovgrad .
Wellenstein ( Luxembourgish : Wellesteen ) is a small town in southeastern Luxembourg .
Merrylands High School is a coeducational , comprehensive high school in Merrylands , a suburb in Western Sydney , New South Wales , Australia .
North Jersey was the site of some of the earliest European settlements in what would become the United States of America .
The Bech Ministry came into office in Luxembourg on 16 July 1926 after the resignation of the Prüm Ministry .
Koerich Castle ( French : Château de Koerich ) is a ruin located in the village of Koerich in central Luxembourg .
The Northern Territory Country Liberal Party ( CLP ) is an Australian Northern Territory political party affiliated with both the National ( formerly `` Country '' ) and Liberal parties of Australia .
Debyosy ( Russian : Дебёсы ; Udmurt : Дэбес ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) and the administrative center of Debyossky District of the Udmurt Republic , Russia .
Puszcza Zielonka Landscape Park ( Polish : Park Krajobrazowy Puszcza Zielonka ) is a protected area ( Landscape Park ) situated to the north - east of the city of Poznań in Greater Poland Voivodeship , Poland .
Beit Yashout ( Arabic : بيت ياشوط‎ ) is a town in northwestern Syria , administratively part of the Jableh District of the Latakia Governorate , and located south of Latakia .
Lutsk ( Ukrainian : Луцьк , translit . Luts'k , Polish : Łuck , Belarusian : Луцак or Луцк , transliterated Lucak or Luck , Yiddish : לוצק‎ ) is a city on the Styr River in northwestern Ukraine .
Antikuna ( Quechua for metals or minerals , the inhabitants of the rainforest or the Andes , hispanicized spelling Anticona ) , also called Ticlio ( in hispanicized spelling ) , is a mountain in the Andes of Peru , about 5,150 metres ( 16,896 ft ) high .
The Assyrian Democratic Movement ( Syriac : ܙܘܥܐ ܕܝܡܘܩܪܛܝܐ ܐܬܘܪܝܐ ; Zawʻá Demoqraṭáyá ʼÁṯuráyá ) popularly known as Zowaa ( `` The Movement '' in Syriac ) is an ethnic Assyrian political party in Iraq , and is currently the only Assyrian - based political party to be voting in the Iraqi parliament .
Port Macquarie - Hastings Council is a local government area in the mid north coast region of New South Wales , Australia .
The Kos Manor ( Slovene : Kosova graščina ) is a 16th - century manor house located in the Murova neighborhood of the town of Jesenice , Slovenia , at the street address of Cesta maršala Tita 64 .
Trans - Swiss Trail is a long - distance hiking trail in Switzerland .
Ghalleh Zaghesi ( Persian : غله زاغسي‎ , also Romanized as Ghalleh Zāghesī ) is a village in Chaybasar - e Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Maku County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Presidencia Roque Sáenz Peña Airport ( Spanish : Aeropuerto Presidencia Roque Sáenz Peña , IATA : PSP , ICAO : SARS ) is a public use airport located 5 kilometres ( 3 mi ) northwest of Presidencia Roque Sáenz Peña , Chaco , Argentina .
Boyuk Bolagh ( Persian : بيوك بلاغ‎ , also Romanized as Boyūk Bolāgh ) is a village in Ajorluy - ye Sharqi Rural District , Baruq District , Miandoab County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Pircamal ( also , Pirdgamal , Pirdzhamal , and Pirjamal ) is a village in the Khojali Rayon of Azerbaijan .
The Katholieke Universiteit Leuven ( Dutch pronunciation : ( katoˈlikə univɛrsiˈtɛit ˈløːvə(n ) ) , listen ; Dutch for Catholic University of Leuven , but usually not translated into English ) , also known as KU Leuven or University of Leuven , is a Dutch - speaking university in Leuven , Flanders , Belgium .
Museum Island ( German : Museumsinsel ) is the name of the northern half of an island in the Spree river in the central Mitte district of Berlin , Germany , the site of the old city of Cölln .
The National Unity of Hope ( Unidad Nacional de la Esperanza or UNE ) is a political party in Guatemala .
The Danto River or Río Danto is a river whose mouth comes out on the western side of La Ceiba , Honduras .
Khoruseh ( Persian : خروسه‎ , also Romanized as Khorūseh ; also known as Khuruseh ) is a village in Kalatrazan Rural District , Kalatrazan District , Sanandaj County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Mal - e Kayid ( Persian : مالكايد‎ , also Romanized as Māl - e Kāyīd ; also known as Māl - e Qāyed ) is a village in Howmeh - ye Sharqi Rural District , in the Central District of Ramhormoz County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Lillianes is a town and comune in the Aosta Valley region of north - western Italy .
Boliarov ( Hungarian : Bolyár ) is a village and municipality in Košice - okolie District in the Kosice Region of eastern Slovakia .
The Harischandra Range is a group of hills in the state of Maharashtra , India .
Cılfır ( also , Dzhilfir and Dzhylfyr ) is a village in the Qubadli Rayon of Azerbaijan .
The Andijan Dam is a buttress dam on the Kara Darya River near Andijan in Andijan Region , Uzbekistan .
Zhytkavichy ( Belarusian : Жыткавічы ) is a town in the Gomel Region of Belarus , an administrative center of Zhytkavichy District .
Alykes ( Greek : Αλυκές ) is a former municipality on the island of Zakynthos , Ionian Islands , Greece .
The Val Badia ( Ladin : Val Badia ; Italian : Val Badia ; German : Gadertal ) is the valley of the Gran Ega river in South Tyrol , Italy .
The Dennert Fir Tree ( German : Dennert - Tanne also known as the Dennert '' scher Tannenbaum , Dennert - Tafel or Dennert - Fichte ) is a signboard that is used throughout the Harz mountains in Germany to provide information about mining and other points of interest in the area .
Trans Service Airlift ( TSA ) was an airline based at N'djili Airport , Kinshasa , Democratic Republic of the Congo .
East Coast Group Representation Constituency ( Chinese : 东海岸集选区 ; Malay : Kawasan Undi Perwakilan Berkumpulan East Coast ; Tamil : ஈஸ்ட் கோஸ்ட் குழுத்தொகுதி ) is a four - member Group Representation Constituency in the eastern area of Singapore .
Butyrka prison ( Russian : Бутырка , a colloquial term for the official Бутырская тюрьма , Butyrskaya tyurma ) is a prison in the Tverskoy District of central Moscow , Russia .
Duddenhausen is a village in the municipality of Bücken , district of Nienburg , in Lower Saxony , Germany .
Like the rest of the United Kingdom , Dawdon has a temperate climate .
Five Mile Lake Water Aerodrome , ( TC LID : CNY5 ) , was located on Five Mile Lake , Ontario , Canada .
Indramat GmbH , now part of Bosch Rexroth , was an industrial control firm founded in 1958 , based in Neuwied ( am Rhein ) , Germany .
Big Bunsby Marine Provincial Park is a provincial park on the west coast of northern Vancouver Island in British Columbia , Canada , to the southeast of the Brooks Peninsula .
Mont Risoux ( or Grand Risoux ) is a large wooded crest of the Jura Mountains , located between France and Switzerland .
Bröckel ( pronounced with a long ö ) is a municipality in the district of Celle , in Lower Saxony , Germany .
Cape Vilan ( Galician : Cabo Vilán ) is a rock - bound peninsula on the west coast of Galicia , Spain , located in Costa da Morte ( `` Coast of Death '' ) , specifically close the village of Camariñas .
Kakavijë ( Greek : Κακαβιά Kakavia ) is a community in the Gjirokastër County , southern Albania .
The Palácio Rio Negro ( English : Rio Negro Palace ) is a palace located in Petrópolis , mountainous region of the state of Rio de Janeiro , Brazil .
Sneppen Bridge ( Norwegian : Sneppenbrua ) is a bridge that crosses the river Steinkjerelva in the town of Steinkjer in Nord - Trøndelag county , Norway .
Sukma is a town in the newly formed , southernmost Sukma district in Chhattisgarh ( South Bastar Region ) , India .
Randabygd Church ( Norwegian : Randabygd kyrkje ) is a parish church in Stryn Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county , Norway .
Gliszcz ( ɡliʂt͡ʂ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sicienko , within Bydgoszcz County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Stonglandet Church ( Norwegian : Stonglandet kirke ) is a parish church in the municipality of Tranøy in Troms county , Norway .
Drinjača ( Cyrillic : Дрињача ) is a left tributary of the Drina in eastern Bosnia and Herzegovina .
The Vertainspitze ( Italian : Cima Vertana ; German : Vertainspitze ) is a mountain in the Ortler Alps in South Tyrol , Italy .
The Al Hidayah Mosque ( Malay : Masjid Al Hidayah ) is a mosque located in Section 18 , along Jalan Pinang 18/1 in Shah Alam , Malaysia .
Tinemu - ye Sofla ( Persian : تينموسفلي‎ , also Romanized as Tīnemū - ye Soflá , Tīnamu Soflá , Tīnamū - ye Soflá , Tīnemū - e Soflá ; also known as Tīnemū - ye Pā’īn ) is a village in Dinavar Rural District , Dinavar District , Sahneh County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Gashtiari ( Persian : گشت ياري‎ , also Romanized as Gashtīārī ) is a village in Tayebi - ye Sarhadi - ye Sharqi Rural District , Charusa District , Kohgiluyeh County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Oldedalen is a river valley in Stryn Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county , Norway .
Czarze ( ˈt͡ʂaʐɛ ) ( German Czarsen ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Człuchów , within Człuchów County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Żywiec Landscape Park ( Żywiecki Park Krajobrazowy ) is a protected area ( Landscape Park ) in southern Poland .
The Kumya Bay Important Bird Area lies on the eastern coast of North Korea on the Sea of Japan .
Montes de Toledo Comarca ( Spanish : Comarca de los Montes de Toledo ) is a comarca located at the southern end of the province of Toledo , Spain .
Erta Ale ( or Ertale or Irta'ale ) is a continuously active basaltic shield volcano in the Afar Region of northeastern Ethiopia .
Tando Gulshah(Urdu : ٹنڈو گلشاھ‎ ) , is a village in the Naushahro Feroze District , of Sindh , Pakistan .
Gojjam ( Ge'ez ጎጃም gōjjām , originally ጐዛም gʷazzam , later ጐዣም gʷažžām , ጎዣም gōžžām ) was a kingdom in the north - western part of Ethiopia , with its capital city at Debre Marqos .
Boguchwała ( bɔɡuˈxfawa ) is a town in Rzeszów County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Suurmetsä ( Finnish ) , Storskog ( Swedish ) is a subdistrict of Helsinki , Finland .
El Nasr Girls ' College ( EGC ) ( Arabic : كلية النصر للبنات‎ ) is a school in Shatby , Alexandria , Egypt .
Meitar ( Hebrew : מֵיתָר ) is a small local council north - east of Beersheba , in Israel 's Southern District .
The Argentine Patriotic League ( Liga Patriótica Argentina ) was a Nacionalista paramilitary group , officially created in Buenos Aires on January 16 , 1919 , during the Tragic week events .
Kamishiiba Dam ( Japanese : 上椎葉ダム ) is a dam in Miyazaki Prefecture , Japan .
O Pereiro de Aguiar is a small municipality in the province of Ourense in the Galicia region of north - west Spain .
Malo Tinje ( pronounced ( ˈmaːlɔ ˈtiːnjɛ ) ) is a small village in the Pohorje Hills in the Municipality of Slovenska Bistrica in northeastern Slovenia .
The Boucheuse is a river in south - western France .
Haddadan ( Persian : حدادان‎ , also Romanized as Ḩaddādan ; also known as Haddadan Garmadooz ) is a village in Seyyedan Rural District , Abish Ahmad District , Kaleybar County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Punang Terusan is a town or settlement in Sarawak , Malaysia .
Farah Airport ( IATA : FAH , ICAO : OAFR ) is a military airport located in Farah , Afghanistan .
Khami ( also written as Khame , Kame or Kami ) is a ruined city located 22 kilometres west of Bulawayo , in Zimbabwe .
Padule is a frazione of the comune of Cascia in the Province of Perugia , Umbria , central Italy .
The Almoravid Koubba ( or Koubba Ba'adiyin / Barudiyin ) is a small Almoravid building in Marrakech , Morocco , dating to the 12th century .
Križeča Vas ( Slovene : Križeča vas ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Poljčane in northeastern Slovenia .
The municipality of Domaljevac - Šamac is one of the newly created municipalities of Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Tony Abbott , who was Australia 's Prime Minister 2013 - 15 , became interested in politics in 1976 after attending a National Civic Council conference .
Vazirabad Waterworks ( Persian : چاههاي كشاورزي وزيراباد‎ -- Chāh Hāy keshāvarzī - ye Vazīrābād ) is a village and company town in Garkan - e Shomali Rural District , Pir Bakran District , Falavarjan County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Kansbahal is a modern industrial town situated in the state of Odisha India .
The Batasan Road ( formerly known as IBP Road ) is a 6 to 10-lane highway located in the barangays of Batasan Hills , Payatas , and Commonwealth which are located all in Quezon City , Philippines .
Nangang Station ( Chinese : 南港車站 ; pinyin : Nángǎng Chēzhàn ) ( formerly transliterated as Nankang Station until 2003 ) is a major railway station located in Nangang , Taipei , Taiwan , parallel to Zhongxiao East Road .
Macia is a small town in Gaza Province , Mozambique , and the seat of the Bilene Macia district .
Allah Verdi Khan ( Persian : اله ورديخان‎ , also Romanized as Allāh Verdī Khān ) is a village in Aladagh Rural District , in the Central District of Bojnord County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
Vaki Kola ( Persian : واكي كلا‎ , also Romanized as Vākī Kolā ) is a village in Balatajan Rural District , in the Central District of Qaem Shahr County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
The Southern Ontario Junior A Hockey League was a Tier II Junior `` A '' ice hockey that lasted from the late 1960s until 1977 in Southern Ontario , Canada .
Kaftar Milan ( Persian : كفترميلان‎ , also Romanized as Kaftar Mīlān ; also known as Kaftar ) is a village in Qaleh Zari Rural District , Jolgeh - e Mazhan District , Khusf County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Glen Eira College is a co - educational , public , secondary school located in Caulfield East , Victoria , Australia .
The Peruvian Corporation of Commercial Airports and Aviation Inc. ( CORPAC ) ( Spanish : Corporación Peruana de Aeropuertos y Aviación Comercial ) operates various airports in Peru .
The Manoir de la Borie - Fricart is a château in the Dordogne , Aquitaine , France .
The Nasta Runestone , listed as Nä 34 in the Rundata catalog , is a Viking Age memorial runestone located in Nasta , which is 3 kilometers northwest of Glanshammar , Örebro County , Sweden , which was in the historic province of Närke .
Chah Zard Shomareh - ye Do ( Persian : چاه زردشماره 2‎ , also Romanized as Chāh Zard Shomāreh - ye Do ; also known as Chāh Zard ) is a village in Golestan Rural District , in the Central District of Sirjan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
The Special Mobile Force is a paramilitary unit that serves as the main internal security force in Mauritius .
Nedre Heimdalsvatn is a lake which lies in Vågå and Øystre Slidre municipalities in Oppland county , Norway .
Flintholm Station is a key S - train and Metro interchange junction station in Copenhagen , Denmark .
The Agenzia Informazioni e Sicurezza Esterna ( Italian for `` External Intelligence and Security Agency '' ) , commonly known as AISE and formerly known as SISMI , is the foreign intelligence service of Italy .
The Qal'at al - Bahrain ( in Arabic : قلعة البحرين‎ ) , also known as the Bahrain Fort or Fort of Bahrain and previously as the Portugal Fort ( Qal'at al Portugal ) is an archaeological site located in Bahrain , on the Arabian Peninsula .
After Maria Quisling had been thrown out , General Andrew Thorne , the Commander - in - chief of Norway together with his staff , used Villa Grande as their headquarters from 22 May 1945 .
Bokela Airport ( ICAO : FZDR ) is an airport serving the village of Bokela in Équateur Province , Democratic Republic of the Congo .
The Capuchin Catacombs of Palermo ( also Catacombe dei Cappuccini or Catacombs of the Capuchins ) are burial catacombs in Palermo , Sicily , southern Italy .
The Mediterranean States are the two countries of Cyprus and Malta .
The Philippine High School for the Arts ( PHSA ) is a specialized public high school in the Philippines offering arts - focused education established in 1978 by virtue of Presidential Decree 1287 .
The Anglican Journal is the national newspaper of the Anglican Church of Canada .
The Guayabo Islands Biological Reserve is a Nature Reserve of Costa Rica , part of the Tempisque Conservation Area , which encompasses the four islands including Guayabo and los Pájaros in the Gulf of Nicoya .
Walter Empson ( 19 February 1856 - -14 June 1934 ) was a New Zealand teacher , headmaster and educationalist .
Reuven Rubin ( Hebrew : ראובן רובין‎ ; November 13 , 1893 -- October 13 , 1974 ) was a Romanian - born Israeli painter and Israel 's first ambassador to Romania .
Shake ! ( formerly The Core and Milkshake ! FM ) was a television programming block shown by United Kingdom broadcaster Channel 5 , original aimed at 8 to 15 year olds .
Following the storming of the Bastille on 14 July , the National Constituent Assembly became the effective government of France .
The Garden of Death ( Finnish : Kuoleman puutarha ) ( 1896 ) is a painting by Finnish symbolist painter Hugo Simberg .
Created by Johnny Speight , Till Death Us Do Part centred on the East End Garnett family , led by patriarch Alf Garnett ( Warren Mitchell ) , a reactionary white working - class man who holds racist and anti - socialist views .
Corner Gas is a Canadian television sitcom created by Brent Butt .
The Return of Spring ( French : Le Printemps ) is a painting by William - Adolphe Bouguereau created in 1886 .
The Agreement on the Application of Sanitary and Phytosanitary Measures , also known as the SPS Agreement , is an international treaty of the World Trade Organization .
The Patiala Necklace was a necklace created by the House of Cartier in 1928 .
Red Widow is an American drama television series created by Melissa Rosenberg , starring Radha Mitchell and Goran Visnjic .
The Maxx is an American comic book series created by Sam Kieth and originally published monthly by Image Comics , then collected in trade paperback by DC Comic 's Wildstorm imprint .
The Lion Guard is an American animated television series created by Ford Riley based on Disney 's 1994 film The Lion King .
The Ruff and Reddy Show ( also known as Ruff and Reddy ) is an American animated television series created by William Hanna and Joseph Barbera for NBC .
Portrait of the Infante Don Carlos is a 1626/27 oil painting of Don Carlos of Spain ( brother to Philip IV of Spain ) , produced by Diego Velázquez as one of the first paintings he produced during his stay in Madrid .
Nude Descending a Staircase , No . 2 ( French : Nu descendant un escalier n ° 2 ) is a 1912 painting by Marcel Duchamp .
New York City Waterfalls is a public art project by artist Olafur Eliasson , in collaboration with the Public Art Fund , consisting of four man - made waterfalls placed around New York City along the East River .
The Stonebreaker is an 1857 oil - on - canvas painting by Henry Wallis .
Three Spheres II is a lithograph print by the Dutch artist M. C. Escher first printed in April 1946 .
A Young Woman Seated at the Virginals is a painting generally attributed to Johannes Vermeer , though this was for a long time widely questioned .
Hogarth Painting the Comic Muse ( originally known as The Artist Painting the Comic Muse ) is a painting in the National Portrait Gallery , London by the British artist William Hogarth .
Grrrrrrrrrrr ! ! is a 1965 oil and Magna on canvas painting by Roy Lichtenstein .
Drunkenness of Noah is a painting by the Italian artist Giovanni Bellini .
Nestor Burma is a fictional character created by French crime novelist Léo Malet .
Winter Night in the Mountains ( Norwegian : Vinternatt i Rondane ) is the name of several versions of a composition , created in several techniques by the Norwegian artist Harald Sohlberg ( 1869 - -1935 ) .
Ordeal by Innocence is a work of detective fiction by Agatha Christie and first published in the UK by the Collins Crime Club on 3 November 1958 and in the US by Dodd , Mead and Company the following year .
Au Vélodrome , also known as At the Cycle - Race Track and Le cycliste , is a painting by the French artist and theorist Jean Metzinger .
Slaughtered Ox is a 1655 still life oil painting by Rembrandt , now in the Louvre .
The Portrait of Count Stanislas Potocki is a 1781 equestrian portrait of the Polish patron , politician , writer and Prime Minister of Poland Stanisław Kostka Potocki by the French painter Jacques - Louis David .
The Ruling Passion , sometimes called The Ornithologist , is a painting by John Everett Millais which was shown at the Royal Academy Exhibition in 1885 .
The Weekenders is an American animated television series created by Doug Langdale .
Like the previous series , What 's Happening Now ! ! is loosely based on the motion picture Cooley High ( written by Eric Monte and directed by Michael Schultz ) .
The Hunt in the Forest ( also known as The Hunt by Night or simply The Hunt ) is a painting by the Italian artist Paolo Uccello , made around 1470 .
Magistrate of Brussels is an unfinished oil painting or oil sketch by Anthony van Dyck , rediscovered in 2013 after being shown on episodes of the BBC television programme Antiques Roadshow .
Portrait of Madame Cézanne ( sometimes Portrait of Mrs. Cézanne ) is a 1962 Pop art painting by Roy Lichtenstein .
Les Deux Plateaux , more commonly known as the Colonnes de Buren , is a highly controversial art installation created by the French artist Daniel Buren in 1985 - -1986 .
Le Mur Rose ( full title : Paysage , le mur rose ; , Landscape , the Pink Wall ) , is a painting by Henri Matisse from 1898 .
The Coronation of Charlemagne is a painting by the workshop of the Italian Renaissance artist Raphael .
Retrato de Luis Muñoz Marín ( Portrait of Luis Muñoz Marín ) is a 1977 oil painting by the Puerto Rican artist Francisco Rodón of the first democratically elected governor of Puerto Rico .
Happy Birthday , Charlie Brown is a prime - time animated TV special based upon the comic strip Peanuts , by Charles M. Schulz .
The Plum ( French : La Prune ) - also known as Plum Brandy - is an oil - on - canvas painting by Édouard Manet .
Australia 's Next Top Model is an Australian reality television series which premiered on 11 January 2005 , and is based on a franchise created by Tyra Banks with America 's Next Top Model .
The Double Dream of Spring ( also known as Doppio Sogno di Primavera , 1915 ) is a painting by the Italian metaphysical painter Giorgio de Chirico .
The Glorification of the Virgin ( Dutch : De verheerlijking van Maria ) is a 15th - century painting attributed to Geertgen tot Sint Jans .
Created by Chris Claremont and Herb Trimpe , he first appeared in Captain Britain Weekly # 1 ( October 1976 ) .
Dame Edna 's Neighbourhood Watch was a comic game show created by Barry Humphries for ITV .
Ed , Edd n Eddy is a Canadian - American animated comedy television series created by Danny Antonucci for Cartoon Network , and the sixth of the network 's Cartoon Cartoons .
La Joute ( `` the joust '' ) ( 1969 ) is a public sculptural installation by Quebec artist Jean - Paul Riopelle , a member of the Automatiste movement .
Cat Among the Pigeons is a work of detective fiction by Agatha Christie and first published in the UK by the Collins Crime Club on 2 November 1959 , and in the US by Dodd , Mead and Company in March 1960 with a copyright date of 1959 .
Created by Chris Chibnall and Nigel McCrery , Born and Bred 's cast was led by James Bolam and Michael French , who play a father and son who run a cottage hospital in Ormston , a fictional Lancashire village in the 1950s .
Making the Video is an MTV show , consisting of half - hour episodes , which chronicles the process of filming various music videos .
Created by writer Stan Lee and artist Steve Ditko , Flash Thompson first appeared in Amazing Fantasy # 15 ( August 1962 ) , the same issue Spider - Man first appeared in .
The Portrait of Dirck van Os is a later painting by Rembrandt ( 1606 - 1669 ) , created circa 1658 .
Poolside Chats with Neil Hamburger was a live webcast that aired on comedian Tom Green 's now defunct internet TV channel .
Self - portrait with the Colosseum is a painting by the Dutch artist Maarten van Heemskerck , showing himself in front of the Colosseum in Rome .
Galacidalacidesoxyribonucleicacid ( also known as Homage to Crick and Watson ( Discoverers of DNA ) ) is a 1963 painting by Salvador Dalí .
The Triumph of Cleopatra , also known as Cleopatra 's Arrival in Cilicia and The Arrival of Cleopatra in Cilicia , is an oil painting by English artist William Etty .
The Well of Moses ( fr : Puits de Moïse ) is a monumental sculpture recognised as the masterpiece of the Dutch artist Claus Sluter ( 1340 - 1405/6 ) .
Night and Sleep is an 1878 painting by Evelyn De Morgan .
Three Studies for a Portrait of Henrietta Moraes is an oil on canvas 1963 triptych by the Irish - born British figurative painter Francis Bacon .
Fate of the Animals is a painting by Franz Marc created in 1913 .
Portrait of Catherine Balebina is a painting by Russian portrait artist Lev Russov ( 1926 - -1987 ) , which depicts his wife Catherine Balebina ( Russian : Екатери′на Васи′льевна Бале′бина ; 1933 - -2002 ) .
Norman Gifford ( born 30 March 1940 , Ulverston , Lancashire , now part of Cumbria ) is a retired English cricketer , who played primarily as a left - arm spinner .
Haris Vlavianos ( Greek : Χάρης Βλαβιανός ; born 1957 ) , is a contemporary Greek poet .
William McFerrin Stowe ( 1913 -- November 24 , 1988 ) was a U.S. Bishop of the Methodist and United Methodist Churches , elected in 1964 .
Tia DeNora ( born 1958 ) is Professor of Sociology of Music and Director of Research , in the Department of Sociology / Philosophy at the University of Exeter .
Mikael Simpson ( born 1974 in Holstebro ) is a Danish songwriter , singer , film composer , musician and radio host .
Rhidian Brook ( born 1964 ) is a Welsh novelist , screenwriter and broadcaster .
Maria Zacchè is an Italian Artist ( Mantua 1933 ) .
Moira Brooker ( born 1957 ) is an English actress best known for her role as Judith Hanson in the British sitcom As Time Goes By ( 1992 - -2005 ) .
Vishal Bharat ( born 20 November 1978 ) is a British Virgin Islands cricketer .
Nils Vigeland ( was born 1950 in Buffalo , New York ) is an American composer and Pianist .
Joe Picker ( born 7 December 1987 ) is an Australian former professional rugby league footballer from Crookwell , New South Wales .
Jason Ramsey ( born 24 January 1975 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for Fitzroy in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) in 1996 .
Jim Connell ( 27 March 1852 -- February 1929 ) was an Irish political activist of the late 19th century and early 20th century , best known as the writer of the anthem `` The Red Flag '' in December 1889 .
Ted Studebaker ( born September 1945 outside of Dayton , Ohio ) was a pacifist and conscientious objector who served as an agricultural worker during the Vietnam War and was executed by North Vietnam in 1971 .
Natalia Strelchenko ( Наталья Стрельченко , also known as Natalia Strelle ; 23 December 1976 -- 30 August 2015 ) was a world renowned Norwegian concert pianist of Russian origin .
Jalal al - Din Khan ibn Tokhtamysh ( Urdu ; Persian ; Arabic : جلال الدین خان ابن تختامش ; Tatar : Cäläletdin , Polish : Dżalal ad - Din ) ( 1380 - -1412 ) was the Khan of the Golden Horde in 1411 - -1412 .
Nikos Logothetis ( Greek : Νίκος Λογοθέτης ; born 1950 in Istanbul ) is a Greek biologist and neuroscientist .
Dom Fabian Cowper , OSB ( 7 September 1931 -- 13 October 1990 ) , a monk of Ampleforth Abbey , was an English Roman Catholic monk , who served as Master of St Benet 's Hall , Oxford from 1989 until his death in 1990 .
Thomas Laxton ( 1830 - -1893 ) was a plant breeder and a correspondent of Charles Darwin , best known for his hybridisation of peas .
Ali Nassar ( Arabic : علي ناصر‎ , Hebrew : עלי נאסר‎ ; born 1954 ) is an Arab - Israeli film director .
Edwin Kipyego ( born 16 November 1990 ) is a Kenyan long - distance runner , best known for a series of victories , at the half marathon and 10 K distances , in the United Kingdom and elsewhere .
K. Kelappan ( 24 August 1889 -- 7 October 1971 ) was a founding member and president of Nair Service Society , a reformer , an Indian freedom fighter , educationist and journalist .
Roberto Miguel , a.k.a . Miguel from Oakland ( born 26 January 1981 in Oakland , California ) , is an American singer , songwriter , and visual artist .
Patiyo Tambwe ( born 7 January 1984 ) is a Congolese football striker who last played for FC Brussels in Belgium .
Paul Zanker ( born 7 February 1937 ) is the Professor of Storia dell’Arte Antica at the Scuola Normale Superiore in Pisa .
Rodrigo Orgóñez ( 1490 -- April 26 , 1538 ) was Spanish captain under Diego de Almagro .
Violetta Kolobova ( Russian : Виолетта Колобова , born 27 July 1991 ) is a Russian épée fencer , team world champion in 2013 and 2014 .
Asteris Koutoulas ( sometimes spelt Asteris Kutulas ) ( Greek : Αστέρης Κούτουλας ) was born in Oradea on 5 April 1960 .
Mónica Ramírez Abella ( born 27 December 1993 , in Escaldes - Engordany ) is an Andorran swimmer .
Tetyana Kryvobok ( born 17 January 1972 ) is a Ukrainian middle distance runner who specializes in the 3000 metres .
Captain Charles Berrenger ( Grémonville , 24 June 1757 - Toulon , 17 November 1814 ) was a French Navy officer .
Hermann Tilke ( born 31 December 1954 ) is a German engineer and auto racer , who has designed numerous Formula One motor racing circuits .
George Gordon , 2nd Marquess of Aberdeen and Temair OBE , K.StJ , JP ( 20 January 1879 -- 6 January 1965 ) , styled Lord Haddo until 1916 and Earl of Haddo from 1916 to 1934 , was a Scottish peer and politician .
Emily Bolton ( born 1951 ) is an Aruban actress raised in England and the Netherlands probably best known for her appearance in the James Bond film Moonraker in which she played 007 's Brazilian contact Manuela .
Katrin Borchert ( born 4 November 1969 ) is a German - born Australian sprint canoer who competed from the late 1980s to 2001 .
Sheng Qi ( born 1965 in Anhui Province , China ) is a Chinese performance artist and painter .
Konrad , Prince of Saxe - Meiningen , Duke of Saxony ( Given names : Full name : Johann Friedrich Konrad Carl Eduard Horst Arnold Matthias Prinz von Sachsen - Meiningen Herzog zu Sachsen ; born 14 April 1952 ) is a German businessman and the current head of the Ducal House of Saxe - Meiningen .
Anrune Liebenberg ( born 3 November 1992 ) is a South African para - athlete .
Irina Bogushevskaya ( Russian : Ири́на Алекса́ндровна Богуше́вская ; IPA : ( ɪˈrʲinə ɐlʲɪˈksandrəvnə bəɡʊˈʂɛfskəjə ) ; born 2 November 1965 ) is a Russian singer , poet , and composer of theater jazz and cabaret rock .
Åse Marie Hagen ( born 22 March 1973 ) is a Norwegian politician for the Labour Party , from Steinkjer .
Ken Hannam ( 12 July 1929 -- 16 November 2004 ) was an Australian film and television director .
Ryan Gamble ( born 23 September 1987 ) is an Australian rules football uncontracted player in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) .
Sir Clifford Darling GCVO ( 6 February 1922 -- 27 December 2011 ) was the fourth Governor - General of the Bahamas from 1992 until his retirement on 2 January 1995 .
Sean Emmett ( born 4 February 1970 ) is an English professional Grand Prix motorcycle road racer .
Yonhy Lescano Ancieta ( born 15 February 1959 in Puno ) is a Peruvian lawyer and politician ( Popular Action ) .
Alfred Spenceley ( 1890- ? ) was the Amateur Boxing Association of England lightweight champion in 1911 .
Brian Lohan ( born November 1971 ) is an Irish former hurler who played as a full - back for the Clare senior hurling team .
Bertrand R. Brinley ( born 19 June 1917 , Hudson , New York -- d. 20 October 1994 , Luray , Virginia ) was an American writer of short stories and children 's tales .
Barbara Ewing ( born 1944 ) is a UK - based actress , playwright and novelist .
Dr Georges Wohlfart ( 13 July 1950 -- 13 February 2013 ) was a Luxembourgian politician .
Edward Combes ( 6 September 1830 -- 18 October 1895 ) , was an engineer , pastoralist , politician and painter .
Otto Tucker , CM , ONL ( January 1 , 1923 -- October 6 , 2015 ) was a Canadian heritage activist .
Rossana Ghessa ( born 24 January 1943 ) is an Italian actress , from Sardinia , and a naturalized Brazilian .
Álvaro David Montero Perales ( born 29 March 1995 ) is a Colombian football Goalkeeper currently playing for San Lorenzo .
Nick Warburton ( born 1947 ) was a primary school teacher for ten years before deciding to become a full - time writer .
David Vandenbossche ( born 27 September 1980 in Dunkerque ) is a French footballer , who is currently playing for Auxerre B.
Benet Canfield , also known as Father Benet , Benoit of Canfield , or Benoît de Canfeld , ( 1562 - -1610 ) , was an English Recusant and mystic .
Srečko Brodar ( May 6 , 1893 -- April 27 , 1987 ) was a Slovene archaeologist , internationally best known for excavation of Potok Cave ( Slovene : Potočka zijalka ) , an Upper Palaeolithic cave site in northern Slovenia .
Maxim Lifontov ( Russian : Максим Вячеславович Лифонтов ; born 30 December 1986 ) is a Kazakh rugby union player .
Anita Dobson ( born 29 April 1949 ) is an English stage , film and television actress , and singer .
Oliver Cheatham ( February 24 , 1948 -- November 29 , 2013 ) was an American R&B singer who is best remembered for his 1983 hit `` Get Down Saturday Night '' .
Xiao Hongyan ( Chinese : 肖 紅艷 ; pinyin : Xiāo Hóngyàn ; born 26 January 1965 ) is a former Chinese long - distance runner .
Cecilia Schelin Seidegård ( born 18 May 1954 , in Stockholm as Irene Cecilia Schelin ) , is a Swedish biochemist and since 1 January 2010 , Governor of Gotland County .
Lucy Joan Slater ( 5 January 1922 -- 6 June 2008 ) was a mathematician who worked on hypergeometric functions , and who found many generalizations of the Rogers--
Serhiy Pivnenko ( born 19 October 1984 ) is a professional Ukrainian football midfielder .
Kriti Sanon ( born 27 July 1990 ) is an Indian model and film actress .
William Honychurch ( by 1489 - 1530/31 ) , of Tavistock , Devon and London , was an English politician .
Maurits Robert Delchot better known by his stage name Negativ ( born 8 September 1982 ) is a Dutch rapper , actor and radio broadcaster of Surinamese origin from Amsterdam - Oost .
Loredana Groza ( born 10 June 1970 ) is a Romanian pop singer - songwriter , model , actress , dancer , TV personality , media proprietor , and coach in the talent show Vocea României and new coach X Factor known for alternating music styles .
Rune Vindheim ( born 15 May 1972 ) is a retired Norwegian football player who is currently the manager of Fana IL .
Craig Makin ( born 13 April 1973 ) is a professional rugby league footballer of the 1990s and 2000s , playing at representative level for Wales , and at club level for Salford , as a Prop , i.e. number 8 or 10 .
John Trevor Patten ( born 13 June 1936 ) , known professionally as Johnny Jarrett , is an Australian Aboriginal elder and community leader , former rugby league player and professional boxer .
Jason Ross Jallet ( born in 1981 in Montreal , Quebec ) is a Canadian film producer , and entrepreneur .
David Lunn - Rockliffe ( 28 December 1924 -- 23 August 2011 ) was a British businessman , rowing supporter , and co - founder of the River and Rowing Museum in Henley - on - Thames , England .
Edmund Alfred Dwyer ( known as Chappie Dwyer , 19 October 1894 -- 10 September 1975 ) was an Australian cricketer and national selector .
Faouzi Al - Kach ( born 1933 in Lebanon ) grew up as the oldest of 6 siblings in a well - respected family of landowners going back several generations .
Cui Ning ( 崔寧 ) ( 723 -- November 10 , 783 ) , né Cui Gan ( 崔旰 ) , was a general of the Tang dynasty of China .
Sonya Walger ( born 6 June 1974 ) is an English actress , best known for her roles on American television .
Ora Namir ( Hebrew : אורה נמיר‎ , born 1 September 1930 ) is an Israeli former politician and diplomat who served as a member of the Knesset from 1974 until 1996 , as well as holding the posts of Minister of the Environment and Minister of Labour and Social Welfare during the 1990s .
Richard Smalbroke ( 1672 - -1749 ) was an English churchman , bishop of St Davids and then bishop of Coventry and Lichfield .
Mushtaq Kak ( Dogri / Kashmiri : मुश्ताक़ काक ( Devanagari ) , مُشتاق کاک ( Nastaleeq ) ; b. 1961 in Jammu & Kashmir , India ) is an Indian actor and director .
General José María Yáñez ( 1803 -- August 10 , 1880 ) was a Mexican hero of the war of independence from Spain and the invasions by France and the United States .
Séamus Callanan ( born 15 September 1988 ) is an Irish hurler who currently plays as a centre - forward for the Tipperary senior team .
Margaret Jessee Warren ( born in 1921 , died July 27 , 2001 , age 79 ) was an American tennis player and a Napa Valley vintner .
Yona Yahav ( Hebrew : יונה יהב‎ , born 19 June 1944 ) is an Israeli lawyer and politician .
Max Oelschlaeger ( born about 1940 in Kansas ) is an American ecological philosopher , active in the study of Environmental Ethics Environmental Philosophy , Ecofeminism , Deep Ecology , Philosophy of Ecology , Contemporary Environmental Issues , Postmodern Environmental Ethics , and the Philosophy of Wilderness .
Marius Lyle was the pseudonym of Una Maud Lyle Smyth ( 10 July 1872 -- 14 July 1964 ) , a British novelist and short story writer .
Jan Leonardus Louw ( born 19 June 1959 in Cape Town , better known as Lennie Louw ) is a South African - born Namibian cricketer .
Leonid Rumyantsev ( Russian : Леонид Дмитриевич Румянцев ) ( 23 February 1916 - -23 June 1985 ) was a Russian footballer .
Shimshon Rozen ( Hebrew : שמשון רוזן‎;‎ 12 September 1952 -- 16 December 2011 ) was an Israeli Air Force weapon systems officer and a colonel in the Israeli Defense Forces ( IDF ) .
Abdul - Karim Mousavi Ardebili ( Persian : عبدالکریم موسوی اردبیلی‎‎ , born 28 January 1926 ) is an Iranian politician and Twelver shi'a marja .
George Gear ( born 8 March 1947 ) is a former Australian politician and government minister .
Lelia J. Robinson was born in 1850 to a white , middle - class family in Boston , Massachusetts .
Bernard Jean ( born 21 September 1948 , in Jonquière , Quebec ) is a Canadian oboist , english horn player , conductor , and music educator .
Manjula Guruge ( Sinhalese : මංජුල ගුරුගේ ; born 14 February 1981 ) is an Emirati cricketer .
Charles Cozens ( 1784 -- August 6 , 1863 ) , politician , magistrate , was elected to the House of Assembly representing the district of Conception Bay on the first general election held in Newfoundland in 1832 .
Germaine Greer ( /ɡrɪər/ ; born 29 January 1939 ) is an Australian - born writer , regarded as one of the major voices of the second - wave feminist movement in the latter half of the 20th century .
George Croughly Gordon ( 21 June 1850 -- 20 August 1899 ) was a Scottish amateur footballer who played for the Scottish XI against England in the first representative match played in March 1870 .
Eivind Nielsen ( 18 June 1864 -- 13 July 1939 ) was a Norwegian painter , illustrator and teacher .
Richard Lowenstein ( born 1 March 1959 ) is an Australian film - maker .
Armando Evangelista Macedo Freitas ( born 3 November 1973 ) , known as Armando Evangelista , is a Portuguese football manager and former player who is a current manager .
Joel A. Pisano ( born 1949 ) is a former United States district court judge of the United States District Court for the District of New Jersey .
Irina Igorevna Nusinova ( Russian : Ирина Игоревна Нусинова ; born 17 September 1982 ) , better known by her stage name Irson Kudikova ( Russian : Ирсон Кудикова ) , is a Russian pop singer , model , saxophonist , music producer , and actress .
Jorge Villasante Araníbar ( b. 1962 ) has been the Peruvian Minister of Production under President Alan García since September 2010 .
Gary Michael Voris ( born 20 August 1961 ) is an American Roman Catholic journalist , polemicist , and apologist .
Essai sur la vie et les œuvres de Georges de Brébeuf ( 1617 ? , 1661 ) .
Noel Hartnett ( 1909 - -1960 ) was an Irish politician , barrister , broadcaster and writer .
Edward Jay Epstein ( born in 1935 ) is an American investigative journalist and a former political science professor at Harvard , UCLA , and MIT .
Gritė Maruškevičiūtė ( born 18 June 1989 , in Šiauliai ) is Miss Lithuania 2010 .
David Goodwillie ( born 28 March 1989 ) is a Scottish footballer who plays as a striker for Ross County on loan from Aberdeen in the Scottish Premiership .
Jacob Thomas `` Jack '' Grein ( generally referred to as J. T. Grein ; 11 October 1862 -- 22 June 1935 ) was a British impresario and drama critic of Dutch origin who helped establish the modern theatre in London .
Albert Dolmans ( born 1928 ) is a Dutch - American painter .
Aljin Abella ( born 27 July 1985 ) , also known as Alin Abella , is an Australian actor of Filipino descent , who is best known for playing Theo Martin , the Blue Ranger on Power Rangers Jungle Fury .
Zhao Zongqi ( Chinese : 赵宗岐 ; pinyin : Zhào Zōngqí ; born 1955 ) is a general ( shang jiang ) of the People 's Liberation Army ( PLA ) of China and the current Commanding Officer of the Western Theater Command .
Geoffrey Gamble ( born 1942 ) is an American linguist who served from 2000 to 2009 as the 11th president of Montana State University .
Kate Heavenor ( born 1980 , Glasgow ) is a Scottish children 's television presenter for the BBC .
Karl Hanisch ( 20 January 1900 -- 5 March 1957 ) was an Austrian Olympic fencer .
Thom McGinty ( 1 April 1952 -- 20 February 1995 ) , known as The Diceman , was a Scottish actor , model , and street artist specialising in mime , who spent most of his career in Ireland , where he became a landmark living statue and honorary Dubliner .
Sverre Udnæs ( 20 September 1939 -- 27 August 1982 ) was a Norwegian playwright and stage producer .
Wilfried Behre , ( born 1956 in Hanover , Germany ) is an artist and sculptor .
Óndra Łysohorsky was the pseudonym of Ervín Goj ( 6 June 1905 -- 19 December 1989 ) , a Czech poet of Silesian origin and awareness .
Henry Collen ( 9 October 1797 -- 8 May 1879 ) was a miniature portrait painter to Queen Victoria and the Duchess of Kent .
Shimon Abuhatzira ( or Shimon Abuhazira , Hebrew : שמעון אבו חצירא‎ ; born 10 October 1986 ) is an Israeli footballer who plays for Ironi Kiryat Shmona , as a striker .
Milena Žic - Fuchs ( born 10 August 1954 ) is a Croatian linguist and full member of the Croatian Academy of Sciences and Arts .
Erik Bruun ( born 1926 in Viipuri ) is a Finnish graphic designer .
Nikolas Papadopoulos ( Greek : Νικόλας Παπαδόπουλος ; born 22 April 1973 ) is a Greek Cypriot lawyer and politician .
Nyi Nyi Lwin ( born 11 August 1983 ) is Burmese footballer .
Arthur Edward Ruark ( 1899 - -1979 ) was an American physicist who actively played a role in the development of quantum mechanics .
Johnson Huang ( born 22 October 1974 ) is a Taiwanese racing driver currently competing in the TCR Asia Series .
Vincent James Turner ( born 9 October 1985 ) , better known by his stage name Frankmusik ( and between 2011 and 2012 , by the name Vincent Did It ) , is an English synthpop musician .
Lama Tasi ( born 3 May 1990 ) is a professional rugby league player who currently plays for the St Helens in the Super League .
Joseph Maurice Pambet ( 13 March 1854 -- 6 January 1916 ) was a French army general .
María Barranco ( born 11 June 1961 ) , born Dulce Nombre de María Magdalena de los Remedios Barranco García , is a Spanish actress , who has won two Goya Awards for Best Supporting Actress .
Guy Veloso ( born 1969 ) is a Brazilian documentary photographer .
Pierre - Yves Polomat ( born 27 December 1993 ) is a Martinique - born French footballer who currently plays as a left back in Ligue 1 for Saint - Étienne .
William Snelling Hadaway ( 1872 - -1941 ) was an American artist who worked in Madras , India .
Silas Albertson Underhill ( 1840 - 1906 ) was born the son of Alexander Underhill ( 1810 - 1891 ) and Phebe W. Albertson ( 1818 - 1847 ) in a frame house on the north - east corner of Park and Bedford Avenues in Brooklyn , New York , that is no longer extant .
Elliott O'Donnell ( 27 February 1872 - 8 May 1965 ) was an author known primarily for his books about ghosts .
Michele Dayan ( Hebrew : מישל דיין‎ , born 2 October 1961 ) is a former Israeli footballer who works as the manager .
Stephan Fox ( born 1963 in Germany ) is a former Muaythai World Champion and the current General Secretary of IFMA and Vice - President of the WMC .
David Graddol ( born 1953 ) is a British linguist who has worked in applied linguistics , discourse analysis , sociolinguistics , and history of linguistics .
Profiat Duran ( c. 1350 -- c. 1415 ) ( Hebrew : פרופייט דוראן ) , full Hebrew name Isaac ben Moses ha - Levi ; was a physician , philosopher , grammarian , and controversialist in the 14th century .
Ger O'Meara is an inter - county hurler and Gaelic footballer for Dublin born in 1985 .
Rodrigo Crespo ( born 18 June 1979 ) is an Argentinian musician , producer , songwriter and performer based in Los Angeles .
Princess Marie - Esméralda of Belgium , Lady Moncada ( Marie - Esméralda Adelaide Lilian Anna Léopoldine , born 30 September 1956 in Laeken , Belgium ) is a member of the Belgian Royal Family .
Liu Zhengwei ( Chinese : 刘正威 ; February 1930 -- July 9 , 2012 ) was a Chinese politician , best known for his term as Communist Party Secretary of Guizhou province .
Duvvuru Ramireddy ( 1895 - -1947 ) was an eminent Telugu poet .
Odo Botnia ( d 1399 ) was the fourteenth potestaat ( or elected governor ) of Friesland , now a province in the Netherlands .
Sylwia Korzeniowska ( born 25 April 1980 in Kalisz ) is a Polish - born French race walker .
Winston Choo Wee Leong ( born 18 July 1941 ) is a Singaporean diplomat , civil servant and former general .
Sir Rowland Cotton ( baptized 29 January 1581 -- died 22 August 1634 ) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1605 and 1629 .
Luca Lagnese ( born 6 September 1987 ) is an Italian footballer who is currently unemployed .
Albertas Run ( foaled 23 April 2001 ) was an Irish - bred , British - trained Thoroughbred racehorse who competed in National Hunt races .
Tatyana Doncheva Toteva ( Bulgarian : Татяна Дончева Тотева ) , ( born 28 January 1960 ) in Tryavna , is a Bulgarian politician from the PP `` Movement 21 '' ( Bulgarian : ПП `` Движение 21 '' ) , of which she is the chairperson .
James G. Dickson , born 1891 in Yakima , Washington , died 1962 in the Philippines , was an American mycologist .
Patricia McKenzie ( born 1987 ) is a Canadian actress , producer , dancer and singer .
Lyndall Ryan ( born 14 April 1943 ) is an Australian academic and historian .
Duncan Baird ( born 1979 ) is the Budget Director for Governor Asa Hutchinson of Arkansas .
Kenth Eldebrink ( born 14 May 1955 in Morjärv ) was a Swedish athlete who mainly competed in the men 's javelin throw event .
Seán Armstrong ( born 20 March 1986 in Galway ) is an Irish Gaelic footballer from Galway .
Arnfinn Haga ( born 10 February 1936 ) is a Norwegian teacher and non - fiction writer , born at Stord .
Pete Roe ( born 20 July 1981 ) is a singer - songwriter based in London , UK .
Richard A. Murphy ( born 1944 ) is an American neuroscientist who built his career in administrative leadership positions for research institutions .
Lucrezia Sinigaglia ( born 21 August 1990 ) is an Italian sabre fencer , team bronze medal in the 2013 European Championships at Zagreb .
Wajih Nahlé ( in Arabic وجيه نحلة ) , born in 1932 in Beirut , Lebanon , is a Lebanese abstract painter and calligrapher .
Hương Lan , real name Trần thị Ngọc Ánh ( Saigon , 9 May 1956 ) is a Vietnamese popular singer .
Rishi Patialvi ( 1917 - -1999 ) , born Bam Dev Sharma , hailing from Hoshiarpur District ( Punjab ) was a popular Urdu poet belonging to Daagh Dehlvi 's lineage .
Gunhild Carling ( born 7 May 1975 ) is a Swedish jazz musician and multiinstrumentalist .
Cătălin Necula ( born 12 December 1969 ) is a retired Romanian football player , known for his association with football manager Cosmin Olăroiu , currently working at Al Ahli as assistant manager .
Viktor Ivančić ( born 8 October 1960 in Sarajevo , Yugoslavia ) is a Croatian journalist , best known as the founding member and long - time editor - in - chief of satirical weekly Feral Tribune .
Laurence Belcher ( born 27 December 1995 ) is an English actor , best known for his roles as Young Kazran in Doctor Who and as Young Charles Xavier in X - Men :
Joseph Raz ( Hebrew : יוסף רז‎ ; born 21 March 1939 ) is an Israeli legal , moral and political philosopher .
Charles Eugene Fager ( born 1942 ) , known as Chuck Fager , is an American activist , an author , an editor , a publisher and an outspoken and prominent member of the Religious Society of Friends or Quakers .
Amalia Fleming , Lady Fleming ( née Koutsouri - Vourekas ; 28 June 1912 -- 26 February 1986 ) was a Greek physician , activist and politician .
André Bucher ( born 19 October 1976 ) is a retired Swiss 800 metres runner who ran for Adidas .
Jeff Barlow was a British actor who was born in Lancashire in 1871 .
Stéphane Nomis ( born 23 October 1970 ) is a professional French judoka and a serial entrepreneur .
Gustav Stolpe ( 26 September 1833 -- 3 October 1902 ) was a Swedish - American composer , conductor , and performer .
Joel Kasubandi ( born 25 May 1993 ) is a Congolese footballer who plays as a striker for Scottish junior club Clydebank .
Yiorgos Magoulas , ( Greek : Γιώργος Μαγουλάς ) born in Athens in 1970 , is an award winning Greek composer and guitarist .
Michael Veitch ( born 29 November 1962 ) is an Australian comedian , author and broadcaster , best known for his roles on the sketch comedy television shows The D - Generation , Fast Forward and Full Frontal , as well as for his books on Second World War aviation and the Bass Strait Islands .
Chun In - gee ( Korean : 전인지 , born 10 August 1994 ) , also known as In Gee Chun , is a South Korean professional golfer .
Krishna Hariharan ( born 24 September 1955 ) is an Indian Test cricket umpire .
Janet Chow ( Chinese : 周家蔚 ) ( born 25 August 1983 , in Hong Kong ) is a Hong Kong actress .
Graham McTavish ( born 4 January 1961 ) is a Scottish television and film actor and voice actor .
Linda Rampell , born 5 December 1971 , in Stockholm , Sweden , is a Swedish design theorist , critic , lecturer and author .
Florian Silbereisen ( born 4 August 1981 in Passau ) is a German singer and television presenter .
David L. Spector ( born 6 December 1952 , in New York City ) is a cell and molecular biologist best recognized for his research on gene expression and nuclear dynamics .
Władysław of Legnica ( Polish : Władysław legnicki ; 6 June 1296 -- after 13 January 1352 ) , was a Duke of Legnica during 1296 - 1312 ( with his brothers until 1311 and briefly alone during 1311 - 1312 ) , of Brzeg and Wrocław during 1296 - 1311 ( with his brothers ) .
Matti Breschel ( born 31 August 1984 ) is a Danish professional road bicycle racer who currently rides for UCI ProTeam Cannondale - Garmin .
Jon Aurtenetxe Borde ( born 3 January 1992 ) is a Spanish footballer who plays for CD Tenerife on loan from Athletic Bilbao mainly as a left back but also as a central defender .
Sam Nolan ( born 1930 ) is the secretary of the Dublin Council of Trade Unions and a political activist .
Randy Bloom is ( born 1955 ) is an internationally exhibited American painter .
Sara Lee Kessler ( born 1951 ) is the former anchor for New York City 's Channel 9 nightly local broadcast news program in the late 1980s and early 1990s .
Fawzi Salloukh ( born 1931 ) is a Lebanese politician , who served as Minister of Foreign Affairs from 19 July 2005 to 2009 .
Lorie Line ( born 1958 ) is a classically trained pianist , composer , and performer from Minneapolis , Minnesota .
Wayne Warren ( born 6 December 1962 ) is a Welsh darts player who plays for the British Darts Organisation .
George of the Palatinate ( 10 February 1486 -- 27 September 1529 ) was Bishop of Speyer from 1513 to 1529 .
James N. Purcell , Jr. ( b. 1938 ) was United States Director of the Bureau of Refugee Programs from 1983 to 1986 , a bureau whose design and implementation he was charged to create in 1979 .
Alvin Yeung Ngok - kiu ( Chinese : 楊岳橋 , born 1981 ) is a barrister and politician in Hong Kong .
James A. Ranaldson ( 1789 -- 17 June 1849 ) was a Baptist missionary who was active in the Mississippi Baptist Association and one of the founders of the Alabama Baptist Convention .
Bertram Walter Elles was born on 3 July 1877 in Wimbledon , London and was the son of Jamieson Elles .
Anton Shelupanov ( born 1978 ) is a Russo - British penal reformer , social innovator , musician and actor .
Alfred Janson ( born 10 March 1937 ) is a Norwegian pianist and composer .
Tilman - François Suys ( in French ) or Tieleman Frans Suys ( in Dutch ) ( 1 July 1783 -- 22 July 1864 ) was a Belgian architect who also worked in the Netherlands .
Christopher Lima da Costa ( born 19 January 1988 in Libreville , Gabon ) is a Gabonese - born São Toméan athlete .
Andreas Geritzer ( born 11 December 1977 , Vienna ) is an Austrian sailor in the Laser class .
Imad Ahmad Sayfour ( born 1955 ) is a Kurdish , Iraqi politician .
Erez Vigodman ( born 1959 ) is an Israeli businessman , the president and CEO of Teva Pharmaceutical Industries , the largest generic drug manufacturer in the world .
Bill Whitehouse ( 1 April 1909 in Plumstead -- 14 July 1957 at Reims ) was a British racing driver from England .
Hamid Bouchnak ( born 13 May 1969 in Oujda ) is a Moroccan Raï singer .
Jean - Pierre Garnier ( born 31 October 1947 ) is a French businessman , and a former Chief Executive of GSK .
Mohamed Trabelsi , also known as Bakkaou , ( born 7 January 1968 ) is a retired Tunisian footballer .
Harris Franklin Rall ( 1870 - -1964 ) , Ph . D. was the first president of Iliff School of Theology in Denver , Colorado after it reopened in 1910 till 1915 , and he also served as the Henry White Warren professor of Practical Theology .
George Greeley ( born Georgio Guariglia ; July 23 , 1917 -- May 26 , 2007 ) was an Italian - American pianist , conductor , composer , arranger , recording artist and record producer who is known for his extensive work across the spectrum of the entertainment industry .
Morten Thrane Brünnich ( 30 September 1737 -- 19 September 1827 ) was a Danish zoologist and mineralogist .
Cathy Cassidy ( born 13 June 1962 ) is a British author of young adult fiction , mainly focusing on domestic fiction .
Frank P. Incropera ( born 12 May 1939 ) is an American engineer and author .
Aurore Mutesi Kayiranga ( born 1990 in Butare ) is a Rwandan and beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Miss Rwanda 2012 .
Andrew Marriner ( born 25 February 1954 ) is a British solo , chamber and orchestral clarinettist .
Cláudio José Lima Santos , known as Claudio Kron ( born June 1971 ) is a Brazilian percussionist , dancer , capoeirista and executive producer resident in England .
James W. Sire ( born 1933 ) is a Christian author , speaker , and former editor for InterVarsity Press .
Tenma Shibuya ( first name = Tenma , family name = Shibuya , Japanese=渋谷天馬 /Chinese=澀谷天馬,Shibuya'Tenma , Segu'Tianma , born January 13,1969 ) is a Japanese actor , Japanese classical dancer , and cultural exchange activist .
Bernard Gallay ( born 7 November 1959 ) is a Franco - Swiss yachtsman and businessman .
Korede Bello ( born 29 February 1996 ) is a Nigerian singer and songwriter currently signed to Mavin Records .
Jacquet of Mantua ( Jacques Colebault , dit Jachet de Mantoue ) ( 1483 -- October 2 , 1559 ) was a French composer of the Renaissance , who spent almost his entire life in Italy .
Jacob Arlow ( 1912 - -2004 ) was an American teacher , scholar , and clinician who served as president of the American Psychoanalytic Association and the New York Psychoanalytic Institute .
Jan Lötvall ( also spelled Lotvall , born 7 December 1956 ) is a Swedish clinical allergist and scientist working on translational research primarily in the field of asthma .
Fergal McCormack ( born 1974 ) is an Irish retired hurler who played as a centre - forward for the Cork and Kerry senior teams .
Annie Maloney ( born 4 March 1989 ) is an Australian cricket player .
Makoto Sei Watanabe ( born 1952 ) is a Japanese architect living in Tokyo .
Atle Ørbeck Sørheim ( born 9 December 1933 ) is a Norwegian veterinarian and civil servant .
Jane Sloman ( 1824 - -after 1850 ) was an English pianist , singer and composer who spent most of her life in the United States .
Andrew Sentance , CBE ( born 1958 ) is a British business economist .
John Arthur Godley , 1st Baron Kilbracken , GCB ( 17 June 1847 -- 27 June 1932 ) was a British civil servant and the longest serving , and probably the most influential , Permanent Under - Secretary of State for India .
Louis Marius Schoon ( 22 June 1937 -- 7 February 1999 ) was a white anti - apartheid activist of Afrikaner descent .
Brian Caswell ( born 13 January 1954 ) is an Australian author of young adult fiction .
Melissa Downes ( born 1971 ) is an Australian broadcast journalist , who is a main anchor for QTQ-9 's flagship news program Nine News Queensland , presenting alongside Andrew Lofthouse on weeknights .
Wilson Raj Perumal ( born 31 July 1965 ) is a convicted Singaporean match - fixer .
Temba Maqubela ( born 1958 ) is a South African educator and administrator .
Edward Alfred Anstey ( 6 July 1858 - 2 July 1952 ) was an Australian politician who represented the South Australian House of Assembly multi - member seats of Adelaide from 1908 to 1915 and North Adelaide from 1915 to 1921 .
Sir Archibald Edmonstone , 3rd Baronet ( 12 March 1795 -- 15 March 1871 ) was a British traveller and writer .
Neil Turley ( born 15 March 1980 ) is a retired professional rugby league footballer who played as a fullback for Leigh .
Dong Bin ( Chinese : 董斌 ; born 22 November 1988 ) is a Chinese track and field athlete who specialises in the triple jump .
Alice Priestley ( born 1962 ) is a children 's writer and illustrator .
Jayati Bhatia is a television actress who was born in 1970 .
Ryan O'Dwyer ( born 23 July 1986 ) is an Irish hurling player with Dublin and Kilmacud Croke 's .
Giovanni Omiccioli ( born 1901 ) , was an Italian painter belonging to the modern movement of the Scuola romana ( Roman School ) , with a dynamic paintwork representing soccer games and sports scenes .
Brian Gross ( born in 1976 in Cedar Rapids , Iowa ) is an actor starring in the 1998 TV series Wind on Water as Kelly Connolly and has also appeared in numerous films and TV movies .
Saša Toperić , also written as Sasha Toperich ( born 1972 ) is a concert pianist , diplomat , and human rights advocate .
Paola Bruna ( born 7 February 1973 ) , previously Paola Åhlund , is a Swedish artist and singer of Chilean descent who grew up in Dalarna .
Lin Jianhua ( simplified Chinese : 林建华 ; traditional Chinese : 林建華 ; pinyin : Lín Jiànhuá ; born October 1955 ) is the current President of Peking University .
Jan Staffan Normark , born 1945 , is a Swedish physician , microbiologist and infectious disease researcher .
Hal Shockey ( 1927 - 2013 ) was a Canadian hunter .
Reginald E. Beauchamp ( Dec. 8 , 1910 -- Dec. 20 , 2000 ) was an American sculptor whose works include Penny Franklin ( 1971 ) , Whispering Bells of Freedom ( 1976 ) , and a bust of Connie Mack that sits in the Baseball Hall of Fame .
Edoardo De Bernardis ( born 27 May 1978 in Turin ) is an Italian figure skating coach and choreographer .
Fikret Emek ( born 20 September 1963 in Emirdağ ) is a retired soldier from the Special Forces Command ( Turkish : Özel Kuvvetler Komutanlığı , ÖKK ) ; a special forces unit active in the Kurdish--
Cláudio Ulpiano ( 14 November 1932 -- 4 January 1999 ) was a Brazilian philosopher and expert on the work of Gilles Deleuze .
Karl Willetts ( born 21 September 1966 ) is a death metal vocalist from England .
Stephen Ip , GBS , JP ( born 1955 ) is a former politician in Hong Kong , he was Secretary for Economic Development and Labour for the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region from 2002 to 2007 .
Joseph Alexander Smith MA Cantab , MSc born 5 February 1985 , is a British journalist , linguist and businessman .
Jamie Thraves ( born James Thraves , 6 August 1969 in Romford , Essex ) is a British film writer and director .
Martyrdom of Rais Ali Delvari , the anti - British colonialism hero Rais Ali , son of Rais Mohammad , was born in 1882 in the suburb of Bushehr .
Nike Borzov ( Russian : Найк Борзов , born Nikolai Vladimirovitch Barashko , Russian : Николай Владимирович Барашко , 23 May 1972 ) is a Russian singer and musician .
Mats Öberg ( born 1972 ) is a Swedish pianist perhaps best known for having played with the musician Frank Zappa as a guest in 1988 and for his part in the `` Zappa 's Universe '' tribute concert series .
Martina Valcepina ( born 4 June 1992 ) is an Italian short - track speed - skater .
Francisco R. Almada ( October 4 , 1896 , Chínipas , Chihuahua -- June 3 , 1989 , Monterrey , Nuevo León ) was a Mexican teacher , investigator , historian and politician .
Stephanie Meadow ( born 20 January 1992 ) is a Northern Irish professional golfer who played for the University of Alabama and made her professional debut at the 2014 U.S. Women 's Open at Pinehurst .
Maude Kegg ( Ojibwa name Naawakamigookwe , meaning `` Centered upon the Ground Woman '' ; 1904 - -1996 ) was an Ojibwa writer , folk artist , and cultural interpreter .
Dewi Penrhyn Jones ( born in Wrexham in 1994 ) is a current professional Cricketer season 2014/15 with Glamorgan County Cricket Club .
Felicity Pulman ( born 1945 ) is an Australian author with an interest in crime , history and fantasy .
Niall Hone ( born 24 June 1970 ) is an English musician , best known as member of the UK space rock band Hawkwind since 2008 .
Elín Ebba Gunnarsdóttir is an Icelandic writer born in 1953 .
James Jameson Dickson ( 17 September 1815 -- 14 November , 14 November 1885 ) was a Scottish Swedish logging industrialist and philanthropist .
Mary Meeker ( born September 1959 ) is an American venture capitalist and former Wall Street securities analyst .
Wally Hillis ( 2 March 1938 -- 10 February 2006 ) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Richmond in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Lo Suk - ching , BBS , JP ( born 22 June 1950 , Hong Kong ) is a Hong Kong politician .
Oluwadamilola Bakare known as Dami Bakare ( born 22 September 1988 ) is a British volleyball player .
Justus Nieschlag ( born 9 March 1992 in Hildesheim ) , is a German professional triathlete , member of the National Team ( B - Kader / U23 ) , and the Junior European Champion of the year 2011 .
Anna - Greta Leijon ( born Anna Margareta Maria Lejon , 30 June 1939 ) is a former Swedish social democratic politician .
Mosinet Geremew ( born 12 February 1992 ) is an Ethiopian middle - distance and long - distance runner .
Ralph Jezzard ( born 16 January 1966 in South London ) is a British music producer based in London , England .
Torsten Kracht ( born 4 October 1967 ) is a retired East German and German football player .
Anil Potti ( born 10 May 1972 , Hyderabad , India ) is a physician and former Duke University medical researcher , focusing on oncogenomics .
Robert Thomas Flower , 8th Viscount Ashbrook ( 1836 - 1919 ) was an Irish aristocrat , Lieutenant - Colonel in the British Army , and inventor .
Statz Friedrich von Fullen ( 6 March 1638 -- 20 July 1703 ) was a nobleman and a Geheimrat of war for the Polish--
Gediminas Motuza - Matuzevičius ( born 24 August 1946 in Vilnius ) is a Lithuanian geologist and author of geology textbooks .
William Henry Hance ( circa 1952 -- March 31 , 1994 ) was a U.S. soldier who is believed to have murdered four women in and around military bases before his arrest in 1978 .
Peter Vogelzang ( born 11 February 1945 , Utrecht ) is a Dutch businessman and member of the board of directors of Feyenoord Rotterdam .
Philip David Zelazo ( born 1966 ) is a developmental psychologist and neuroscientist .
Katy Grannan ( born 1969 Arlington , Massachusetts ) is an American portrait photographer .
Brett Milano ( born 1957 ) is a Boston - based music critic and columnist .
Hamzah Idris Falatah ( Arabic : حمزة أدريس‎ , born 8 October 1972 ) is a Saudi Arabian footballer .
Rafael Medoff ( born c. 1959 ) is an American historian , the founding director of The David Wyman Institute for Holocaust Studies , which is based in Washington , D.C. and focuses on issues related to America 's response to the Holocaust .
Gili Landau ( Hebrew : גילי לנדאו‎ ; born 7 May 1958 ) is a former Israeli footballer and currently working as a manager .
Benjie Bollox ( born 1972 ) is a musician , photographer , songwriter , DJ & artist .
Wes Jackson ( born 1936 ) is the founder and current president of The Land Institute .
Yuriy Shatalov ( born 15 September 1963 in Tetyukhe , in the Primorsky Krai , in the Soviet Union ) is a retired Ukrainian - Russian professional football player who is currently a football manager .
Ioannis Christou ( Greek : Ιωάννης Χρήστου ; born 23 June 1983 ) is a Greek rower .
Daniel Healy ( born 3 May 1974 ) is a former Australian rules footballer , who played for St Kilda in the Australian Football League and for Central District in the South Australian National Football League .
Hina Shaheen ( born 13 February 1971 ) is a Pakistani TV , film stage actress and stage dancer .
Li Conghou ( 李從厚 ) ( 914 - -934 ) , formally Emperor Min of Later Tang ( 後唐閔帝 ) , nickname Pusanu ( 菩薩奴 , `` slave of a Bodhisattva '' ) , was an emperor of the Chinese Five Dynasties and Ten Kingdoms Period state Later Tang , ruling between 933 and 934 .
Sir Richard Perryn ( 1723 - -1803 ) was a Welsh judge who became baron of the exchequer .
Mantas Adomėnas ( born 1 October 1972 in Vilnius ) is a Lithuanian philosopher and political activist .
Charles de Croÿ Prince of Chimay ( Dutch : Karel van Croij ; 1506 -- 11 December 1564 ) was a bishop of the See of Tournai in present - day Belgium from 1524 until 1564 .
Alf Beus ( born 2 May 1954 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with South Melbourne in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Philip Joel Urry ( born 5 January 1973 ) , known by his stage name Phil Joel , is a musician and the former bassist for the Christian rock group Newsboys .
Roy Painter ( born c. 1933 ) was a former leading figure on the British far right .
Kia Silverbrook ( born 1958 ) is an Australian inventor , scientist , and serial entrepreneur .
Alexandru Sahia ( pen name of Alexandru Stănescu ; October 11 , 1908 -- August 12 , 1937 ) was a Romanian communist journalist and short story author .
Dorothea Brandt ( born 5 March 1984 ) is a German swimmer , who specialized in sprint freestyle and breaststroke events .
Curt Warburton ( born 1981 ) is an English mixed martial artist from Coundon , County Durham .
Luigi Marzullo ( born 25 July 1953 ) , better known as Gigi Marzullo , is an Italian journalist and television presenter .
Sir Montague Edward Smith PC QC ( 25 December 1806 -- 3 May 1891 ) was a British barrister and judge who served as one of the last Justices of the Court of Common Pleas .
Sam Ayorinde ( born 20 October 1974 ) is a Nigerian former footballer who played at both professional and international levels .
Sande Muhamed Kizito ( born 17 October 1974 ) is a Ugandan light flyweight boxer .
Melba Tolliver ( born 1939 ) is an American journalist and former New York City news anchor and reporter .
Tone Peršak ( born 7 January 1947 ) is a Slovene writer , politician , theatre director and journalist .
Jonathan Darlington ( born 1956 Lapworth , England ) is a British conductor and the Music Director of the Duisburg Philharmonic Orchestra and Vancouver Opera .
Jeremy Sosenko ( born 1978 ) is an American screenwriter , actor , improviser , and director , best known for contributing to writing the 2013 pulp comedy Movie 43 and for writing for the cartoon TV show Brickleberry on Comedy Central .
Jay P. Green , Sr . ( 1918 -- May 20 , 2008 ) was an ordained minister , Bible translator , publisher , and businessman .
Shinzo Takagaki ( 1893 - -1977 ) was a pioneer for judo .
Nicolaus Ferber ( 1485 -- 15 April 1534 ) was a German Franciscan and controversialist .
John Henry Carter , also known as Jack or Jock Carter ( 11 November 1910 -- 2 July 1992 ) was a professional footballer .
Merica Lane Lindell , ( born February 8 , 1990 ) from Tampa , Florida , is a United States fashion model and beauty pageant contestant .
Ian Clement ( born 1965 in Bexley ) , was Deputy Mayor of London with responsibility for Government and External Relations .
Donald M. Weisman ( 1924 - - ) is an American entomologist .
Bill Battle ( born 1941 ) is the Athletic Director of the University of Alabama .
Johannes Weinrich ( born 21 July 1947 ) is a German left - wing political militant and a founder of the Revolutionary Cells ( RZ ) .
Lord Bernard Stewart ( 1623 -- 26 September 1645 ) was a Scottish aristocrat who served as a Royalist commander in the English Civil War .
Maria Elvins Clarke née Pountney ( 1869 , Great Barr , Staffordshire -- June 20 , 1958 , Worthing , Sussex ) was a British journalist based in Paris from the early 1900s until 1937 who wrote under the name Moma Clarke .
Craig Moller ( born 22 August 1994 ) is an Australian professional basketball player and former professional Australian rules footballer .
Daniel L. Smith - Christopher ( born 1955 ) is an American Biblical theologian and author .
Amaan Ali Khan ( Hindi : अमान अली ख़ान ; Urdu : أمان علی خان‎ ; IAST : Amān Alī Khān ) ( born 1977 ) is an Indian classical musician who plays the sarod .
Larry Delgado ( born 1936 ) was elected mayor of Santa Fe , New Mexico after serving two terms on the Santa Fe City Council from 1990 to 1998 .
Greg Cravens ( born 1965 in Jackson , Tennessee ) is an American cartoonist , was born to Cecil and Bonnie Cravens .
Joe Doherty ( born 20 January 1955 ) is a former volunteer in the Belfast Brigade of the Provisional Irish Republican Army ( IRA ) who escaped during his 1981 trial for killing a member of the Special Air Service ( SAS ) in 1980 .
Simeon Nelson ( born 1964 ) is an Australian sculptor and transdisciplinary artist .
Jeremi Kimmakon ( 29 May 1994 ) is a French footballer who plays for Paris Saint - Germain as a winger .
Tim Leathart ( born 22 September 1989 ) is an Australian athlete specialising in the 100 meters who has competed in the World Championships .
Joseph Weyland ( born 24 April 1943 ) is a Luxembourgian diplomat and was Luxembourg 's Ambassador to the United States from 2 March 2005 to 2008 .
Laurence Womock ( also Lawrence Womach or Womack ) ( 1612 - -1686 ) was an English bishop .
Sunny Gupta ( born 27 September 1988 ) is an Indian cricketer from Jamshedpur , Bihar .
Maung Thura `` Zarganar '' ( also called Zaganar ( Burmese : ဇာဂနာ ; also Zargana ; pronounced : ( zàɡənà ) ) ; born 27 January 1961 ) is a popular Burmese comedian , film actor , and a film director as well as a fierce critic and often political prisoner of the Burmese military government .
Barry Cox ( Chinese : 郭栢榮,born 15 January , 1977 ) is a British pop star in China .
Johan Fredrik Paasche ( né Amundsen ; 3 February 1886 -- 1 September 1943 ) was a Norwegian literary historian .
Wilhelm Bauer ( 23 December 1822 - 20 June 1875 ) was a Bavarian inventor and engineer who built several hand - powered submarines .
Elda Dushi ( born 1989 ) is an Albanian beauty queen who represented Albania in the 2007 Miss World pageant .
Charles Morris Woodford ( 30 October 1852 -- 4 October 1927 ) was a British naturalist and government minister active in the Solomon Islands .
Lim Eun - ji ( Korean : 임은지 ; born 2 April 1989 ) is a South Korean pole vaulter .
Garry David , also known as Garry Webb , was an Australian criminal born on 20 November 1954 to Rupert and Betty David .
Shirley Strum Kenny ( born 1935 ) is an English scholar and retired university president .
Johann Gramp ( 28 August 1819 -- 9 August 1903 ) was a Bavarian - born Australian winemaker , local politician and citrus - grower .
Xavier Maassen ( born 22 June 1980 in Heerlen ) is a Dutch racing driver who previously competed in the FIA GT1 World Championship for Mad - Croc Racing .
Estanislao del Canto Arteaga ( 1840 -- June 23 , 1923 ) was a Chilean military figure who played a major role in the War of the Pacific ( 1879 - 1883 ) and the Chilean Civil War ( 1891 ) .
Shibu Chakravarthy was born in Cochin on 17 February 1961 , in Kaloor , Ernakulam District , to the late K.G. Das and Leela , a teacher .
Arne Quinze ( born 15 December 1971 ) is a Belgian conceptual artist best known for his unconventional and controversial public art installations .
Zhang Liuhong ( born 16 January 1969 ) is a retired Chinese shot putter , best known for her bronze medal at the 1993 World Indoor Championships .
Benjamin Elazari Volcani ( 4 January 1915 -- 1 February 1999 ) discovered life in the Dead Sea and pioneered biological silicon research at Scripps Institution of Oceanography at the University of California , San Diego .
Shaun Greatbatch ( born 13 July 1969 ) is a former English darts player .
Michael Tenzer ( born 1957 ) is a composer , performer , and music educator and scholar .
Devinder Pal Singh Bhullar ( born 26 May 1965 in Punjab , India ) is a convict in 1993 Delhi bomb blast case , whose death sentence has been commuted to life imprisonment by the Supreme Court of India on 31 March 2014 .
Dino Attanasio ( real name Edoardo Attanasio , born 8 May 1925 ) is an Italian - born Belgian author of comics .
Yorick van Wageningen ( born 16 April 1964 ) is a Dutch actor who has performed in Dutch and American films , including The Chronicles of Riddick .
Klaus Schilde ( born 1926 ) is a German pianist and violinist who has made numerous recordings , radio and TV broadcasts and produced 100 Henle urtext editions of fingerings .
Gabriella Varga ( born 7 April 1982 ) is a Hungarian foil fencer , individual European champion in 2003 and team European champion in 2007 .
Bernadette Strachan ( née Gaughan , born 27 December 1962 ) is an English author of popular women 's fiction and among the more popular writers of `` chick lit . '' Her first novel , The Reluctant Landlady , was published by Hodder & Stoughton in 2004 since when she has published a further three novels .
Dr. Zemaryalai Tarzi ( Pashto : زمریالی طرزی‎ ) ( born 1939 ) is an archaeologist from Afghanistan .
Josiah Clowes ( 1735 - -1794 ) was a noted English civil engineer and canal builder .
Brendan Schwab ( born 10 March 1968 ) is an Australian sports administrator and lawyer , specialising in labour law , collective bargaining and dispute resolution , particularly in professional team sports .
Electroboy ( born Florian Burkhardt 13 March 1974 ) is a Swiss model , author , conceptioner , graphic designer , electronic musician and music producer .
Sir Emile Littler ( 9 September 1903 -- 23 January 1985 ) , born Emile Richeux , was an English theatrical impresario , producer and author .
Iris van Herpen ( born 5 June 1984 ) is a Dutch fashion designer .
Stan Robinson ( born 13 April 1936 , Salford , Lancashire , England ) is an English jazz tenor saxophonist and flautist .
Gilad Segev ( in Hebrew גלעד שגב ; born 16 November 1974 ) is an Israeli singer - songwriter and musician .
Jeff Atmajian ( born 1960 in Fresno , California ) is an arranger and orchestrator for films .
Shawn Mackay ( 31 May 1982 -- 6 April 2009 ) was an Australian rugby union player with the Canberra based Brumbies in the Super 14 competition .
Manuel de Jesús Juárez ( 1955 -- March 26 , 2010 ) was a Honduran radio journalist .
Vlado Šmit ( Serbian Cyrillic : Владо Шмит ; born 6 April 1980 ) is a Serbian professional footballer who plays for Slovenian club Triglav Kranj .
Thomas Burrow ( 29 June 1909 -- 8 June 1986 ) was an Indologist and the Boden Professor of Sanskrit at the University of Oxford from 1944 to 1976 ; he was also a fellow of Balliol College , Oxford during this time .
Dmytro Boiko ( Ukrainian : Дмитро Бойко ; born 16 January 1986 ) is a Ukrainian sabre fencer .
Dr. Jagdish Chaturvedi ( born in Bangalore , Karnataka on 27 March 1984 ) is an ear , nose and throat surgeon and an inventor for affordable medical devices designed for the Indian healthcare system .
Alberto Gilardino , Ufficiale OMRI ( Italian pronunciation : ( alˈbɛrto dʒilarˈdino ) ; born 5 July 1982 ) is an Italian footballer who plays as a striker for Serie A club Palermo .
Misha Frid ( 22 November 1938 ) is a Russian - born American sculptor , artist , graphic designer , film maker .
Klaus Tange ( born 7 July 1962 ) is a Danish actor working in theatre , film , and television .
Joyce Christ ( 7 March 1921 in Waverley , New South Wales -- 17 October 1997 in Arncliffe , New South Wales ) was an Australian cricket player .
Alan Priddy ( born 7 April 1953 ) is a British power boat sailor and adventurer who has set several boating world records .
Brad Falchuk ( born circa 1971 ) is an American television writer , director and producer .
Cheng Yonghua ( simplified Chinese : 程永华 ; traditional Chinese : 程永華 ; pinyin : Chéng Yǒnghuá ; born September 1954 ) is a Chinese diplomat and currently the Chinese Ambassador to Japan .
Mohamad Ghomeyshi ( in Persian : محمد قمیشی ) ( born 1961 ) is an Iranian set and costume designer .
Azra Sherwani ( 1940 - -2005 ) was a Pakistani television actress with a career spanning over 35 years who played a variety of roles .
Thomas Pitt Langmead ( 1840 - -1882 ) , from 1864 known as Thomas Pitt Taswell - Langmead , was an English barrister and academic , known as a writer on constitutional law and history .
Radu Sabo ( born 13 September 1971 ) is a Romanian former football player , he last played for Sănătatea Cluj .
Bob Van Reeth ( Temse , 26 February 1943 ) , who usually signs as bOb Van Reeth , is a Belgian architect .
Serkalem Fasil ( Amharic : ሰርካለም ፋሲል ; born c. 1978 ) is an Ethiopian journalist and former co - publisher of the newspapers Asqual , Menilik , and Satenaw .
Ndoc Nikaj ( 1864 - 1951 ) was an Albanian priest , writer , and historian .
Gideon Nye ( 1812 -- January 25 , 1888 ) was an American diplomat , art collector , writer and merchant in the East Indian and China trade , known both for his art collection and for his books on China .
Nenad Vukčević ( born 25 November 1974 ) is a Montenegrin former football player and current manager who played as a forward for clubs in FR Yugoslavia , Greece and Sweden .
Viktor Lyoskin ( Russian : Виктор Лёскин ; born 27 October 1953 ) is a retired Russian speed skater .
Vincent Jay ( born 18 May 1985 ) is a former French biathlete and non - commissioned officer .
John F. Simon Jr. ( 1963 , Louisiana ) , is a new media artist who works with LCD screens and computer programming .
Sir Charles Jenkinson , 10th Baronet ( 23 February 1779 -- 6 March 1855 ) , known as Charles Jenkinson until 1851 , was a British politician .
Ian Mills ( born 4 May 1969 ) is a producer , director and choreographer .
Clive Driskill - Smith ( born 1978 ) MA MPhil FRCO ARCM is an English organist .
Matthew Henry Barker ( 1790 - -1846 ) , was an English writer of sea tales .
Rhoda McDonald ( born 29 April 1878 ) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Collingwood and Carlton in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Jacob Bauthumley or Bottomley ( 1613 - -1692 ) was a significant English radical religious writer , usually identified as a central figure among the Ranters .
Paul Jay ( born 1951 ) is a journalist and filmmaker who founded and is CEO of The Real News Network .
Lavrenti Lopes ( born 29 March 1986 ) is an Indian actor and model in Hollywood .
John Cogswell ( 1592 - 1669 ) was a leading figure and large landowner in the early history of Ipswich , Massachusetts and a deputy for the General Court of Massachusetts .
Marshall Gilmore , the 41st Bishop of the Christian Methodist Episcopal Church , was born in Hoffman , NC , January 4 , 1931 .
Mimi Herbert , painter and sculptor , was born in 1936 .
Tara Sutaria ( born 19 November 1995 ) is an Indian singer , actor and dancer .
Ilija Ranitović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Илија Ранитовић ; born 6 February 1987 ) is a Montenegrin former middle - distance track runner .
Dola Sen ( born 26 March 1967 Kolkata ) is an Indian politician and trade unionist .
Vicente Cuadra Chamberlain ( 1919 - -2000 ) was one of the pioneers of the Nicaraguan advertising industry .
Hashmat Ullah Khan , also spelled Hashmatullah Khan , ( born in 1954 in Nawab Bazaar , Srinagar City ) is a Kashmiri Kani shawl promoter and entrepreneur .
Robbie Coltrane , OBE ( born Anthony Robert McMillan ; 30 March 1950 ) is a Scottish actor , comedian and author .
Erling Storrusten ( born 28 September 1923 ) is a Norwegian former businessperson .
Lynne Muthoni Wanyeki ( born 1972 ) is a Kenyan political scientist , human rights activist and the current Regional Director of Amnesty International in East Africa .
Boris Rajewsky ( Борис Раєвський ) ( 17 July 1893 -- 22 November 1974 ) was a Russian - born German biophysicist , who was one of the most influential researchers on the impact of radiation on living organisms in the 20th century .
Joseph Kaufman ( 1882 - February 1 , 1918 ) was an American silent film actor and director prominent during the WW1 years .
Sardar Bahadur Sir Sundar Singh Majithia CIE ( 17 February 1872 -- June 1941 ) was an Indian landowner and politician .
Lucius Caesonius Lucillus Macer Rufinianus ( c. AD 195 -- c. AD 255 ) was a Roman military officer and senator who was appointed suffect consul possibly between AD 225 and 229 .
Dr Donald John Pinkava ( born 1933 ) is a botanist , specialising in cacti and succulents , and he is the discoverer of some of their varieties .
Gordon Roberts ( born 1928 ) , better known as Gordon the Tramp , is a resident of Bournemouth who is famous for always knowing the correct time even though he does not own a watch .
Sir Ian Holm CBE ( born 12 September 1931 ) is an English actor known for his stage work and many film roles .
Tin Tokić ( born 29 December 1985 ) is an Italian - Croatian handballer who plays as a left back for Știința Municipal Dedeman Bacău in the Romanian Liga Naţională and the Italian national team .
Dragana Pecevska ( Macedonian : Драгана Пецевска ) ( born 11 April 1983 in Skopje , Republic of Macedonia ) is a Macedonian handball player who plays for ŽRK Vardar and for the Macedonia women 's national handball team .
James Bate ( 1703 - -1775 ) was an English scholar and writer .
Kanna Lakshminarayana ( Telugu : కన్నా లక్ష్మి నారాయణ ) ( born : 13 August 1955 ) is an Indian Politician and present Member of the Legislative Assembly for Guntur West constituency and Cabinet Minister for Agriculture & Agriculture Technology Mission in Sri . N.Kiran Kumar Reddy 's Cabinet .
Luigi Mion ( Cattaro , Dalmatia , June 15 , 1843 -- 1920 ) was an Italian painter , active mainly in Venice painting genre subjects .
Abdulaziz Laval ( born 20 December 1992 ) is a Nigerian footballer playing currently for Naftan Novopolotsk .
M. G. Ejaife ( born I June , 1912 -- 6 March 1972 ) was an Urhobo nationalist from Okpara Inland and the first principal of the premier Urhobo College Effurun , Warri .
Bruno Toniolli ( born 29 August 1943 ) is a retired Italian speed skater who was active internationally between 1969 and 1976 .
Nevin Galmarini ( born on 4 December 1986 ) is a Swiss snowboarder .
Daniel Veyt ( born 9 December 1956 ) is a Belgian former football ( soccer ) player .
Franz Hoffmeister ( 22 March 1898 -- 27 March 1943 ) was a German Roman Catholic priest and the founder of the Sauerländer Heimatbund and Festspiele Balver Höhle .
Robert C. Gunderson ( 6 December 1931 -- 23 June 2003 ) was an American genealogist .
Evarist Pinto ( born 31 December 1933 in Goa , Portuguese India ) is the former Archbishop of Karachi , Pakistan .
Hicham El - Mashtoub ( born May 11 , 1972 ) is a former American football center who played two seasons with the Houston Oilers of the National Football League .
Yoel Levi ( Hebrew : יואל לוי ) ( born 16 August 1950 ) is an Israeli musician and conductor .
Nicola Wilson ( née Tweddle ) ( born 1 October 1976 in Darlington ) is a British equestrian rider specialising in three - day eventing .
Demba Traoré ( born 22 April 1982 ) is a Swedish football striker / midfielder who currently plays for Asker Fotball .
Kaire Indrikson ( Russian : Кайре Индриксон ; born 13 June 1961 ) is a retired Estonian backstroke swimmer who won two medals at the 1977 European Aquatics Championships .
David Veilleux ( born 26 November 1987 in Cap - Rouge , Quebec ) is a Canadian former professional cyclist , who competed as a professional between 2011 and 2013 .
Ernest Delaney ( 5 January 1889 Jackson , Michigan -- Unknown ) was an American racecar driver .
Diane Parish ( born 1 November 1969 ) is an English actress best known for her roles as Denise Fox in the BBC Soap EastEnders and DC Eva Sharpe in The Bill .
Gunnar Johannsen ( born 1940 ) is a German cyberneticist , and Emeritus Professor of Systems Engineering and Human - Machine Systems at the University of Kassel , known for his contributions in the field of human - machine systems .
Jakub Szczawiński ( 1577 - -1637 ) was a noble ( szlachcic ) in the Polish - Lithuanian Commonwealth , of Prawdzic Coat of Arms .
Síle Burns ( born 1985 ) in Cork is a camogie player and a physiotherapist , winner of All Ireland camogie medals in 2008 , when she scored two goals in the final , and 2009 and a camogie All Star award winner in 2008 .
Juan Luis Bosch Gutierrez ( born 1952 ) was born in Guatemala .
John Panaretos ( Greek : Γιάννης Πανάρετος ; born 1948 in Kythera ) is a Greek educator and statistician .
Paola Saini ( born 11 October 1945 ) is a retired Italian swimmer .
Vamsy or Vamsi ( Telugu : వంశీ , born Nallamilli Bamireddy on 20 November 1956 ) is a Telugu Indian film director , screenwriter and music director .
Renato Soares de Oliveira Augusto , or simply Renato Augusto ( born 8 February 1988 ) is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a Midfielder for Beijing Guoan .
Lawrence Everhart ( 6 May 1755 -- 1840 ) was a soldier in the American Revolutionary War .
Saint Albert of Chiatina ( 1135 - -1202 ) is venerated as a saint by the Catholic Church .
Anthony Réveillère ( French pronunciation : ​(ɑ̃.tɔ.ni ʁe.vɛ.jɛʁ ) ; born 10 November 1979 ) is a retired French footballer who plays as a right back .
Gamal Yafai ( born 4 August 1991 ) is an English professional boxer fighting in the 54 kg Bantamweight category .
Nick Barraclough ( born 1951 in Cambridge ) is a British radio producer , presenter , musician and writer , who is best known for hosting shows related to specialist American music .
Rachel Vail ( born July 25 , 1966 ) , is an American author of children 's and young adult books .
Rabbi Meshulam Zusha of Hanipol or Meshulum Zusil of Anipoli ( 1718 - -1800 ) , Reb Zusha , Reb Zushe , The Rebbe Reb Zusha ( sometimes spelled Zusil , Zoussia , Zušya , Zushya , Zushia , Zisha of Anipoli ) was an Orthodox rabbi and an early Hasidic luminary .
José Luis Blanco Quevedo ( born 3 June 1975 in Lloret de Mar ) is a Spanish middle - distance runner , who mostly concentrates on the 3000 metres steeplechase .
Sir John Baber , M.D. ( 18 April 1625 -- 1704 ) , was an English physician to Charles II , often employed by the king to negotiate with puritans and other non - conformists on account of his sympathies with them .
Mark Brown ( born 1962 ) , better known by the stage name Brown Mark , also styled Brownmark and BrownMark , is an American musician , bassist and record producer .
Jodie Swallow ( born 23 June 1981 ) is a British triathlete from Loughborough , Leicestershire .
Jonathan Kos - Read ( born 1973 ) , also known as Cao Cao ( Chinese : 曹操 ; pinyin : Cáo Cāo ) , is an American film and television actor based in the People 's Republic of China .
Wikana ( 16 October 1914- ... ) was an Indonesian minister and one of independence leaders .
David Christopher Daniel Wahlgren ( born 13 July 1966 ) , better known by the stage name Papa Dee , is a Swedish rap , ragga and dancehall musician .
Erwin Fiedor ( 20 May 1943 -- 14 February 2012 ) was a Polish ski jumper and Nordic combined skier .
Guillaume Tranchant ( French pronunciation : ​(ɡiˈjɔm tʁɑ̃ˈʃɑ̃ ) ; born 20 February 1980 ) , better known by his stage name Gringe ( ( ˈɡʁɛ̃ʒ ) ) , is a French rapper , songwriter and actor .
David Burgess - Joyce ( born 1964 ) was the Chief Officer of Merseyside Police Special Constabulary .
Henric de la Cour born Paul Henric Dornonville de La Cour in Eskilstuna on 8 October 1974 is a Swedish songwriter , musician and singer .
Karin von Welck ( born 30 April 1947 in Buir , North Rhine - Westphalia ) been Cultural Senator of the city state of Hamburg since 2004 .
Rafael Palma y Velasquez ( 24 October 1874 -- 24 May 1939 ) was a Filipino politician , Rizalian , writer , educator and a famous Freemason .
Behrouz A. Forouzan ( born 1944 ) is an emeritus professor of the Computer Information Systems department of DeAnza College .
Jonathan Chimier ( born 6 August 1982 ) is a Mauritian long jumper who won the 2004 African Championships in Athletics .
Routh Goshen , born Arthur James Caley ( 1824 -- February 12 , 1889 ) was most commonly known as Colonel Routh Goshen or the Arabian Giant or the Palestine Giant .
Steve Alpert ( born 1950 , full name : Stephen M. Alpert ) is an American entertainment executive .
Jonathan Evison ( born 1968 ) , is an American writer best known for his novels All About Lulu , West of Here , and The Revised Fundamentals of Caregiving .
Gina Catalino ( born 1984 ) is a New York - based folk - pop singer / songwriter .
Nils Lid Hjort ( born 12 January 1953 ) is a Norwegian statistician , and has been a professor of mathematical statistics at the University of Oslo since 1991 .
Emeritus Professor Robert Maynard Jones ( born 1929 ) , generally known as Bobi Jones , is a Welsh Christian academic , one of the most prolific writers in the history of the Welsh language .
Jumber Lominadze ( Georgian : ჯუმბერ ლომინაძე ( dʒumbɛr lɔminɑdzɛ ) ; 20 September 1930 -- 20 January 2014 ) was a Georgian astrophysicist associated with the Georgian Academy of Sciences .
Klaas Carel Faber ( 20 January 1922 -- 24 May 2012 ) was a convicted Dutch - German war criminal .
Carlos Vinícius Santos de Jesus ( born 22 June 1994 ) is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a centre back for Aarau on loan from Atlético Monte Azul .
Munis Ansari ( born 1 April 1986 ) is an international cricketer who debuted for the Omani national side at the 2013 World Cricket League Division Three tournament .
Mario Lavezzi ( born 8 May 1948 ) is an Italian singer - songwriter , composer , record producer and guitarist .
Andres Metspalu ( born 11 March 1951 ) is an Estonian geneticist and member of the Estonian Academy of Sciences .
Konstantin Nahk ( born Konstantin Kolbassenko ; 10 February 1975 ) is a former Estonian professional footballer .
Somendra Nath Mitra ( born 31 December 1943 ) , popularly known as Somen Mitra , is an Indian politician .
Arouna Mama ( 1925 - -1974 ) was a Beninese politician , most active when his country was known as Dahomey .
Agnès Gosselin ( born 21 November 1967 ) is a French former figure skater who competed in ladies ' singles .
Gordon Kay ( 6 September 1916 - 8 March 2005 ) was an American film producer who specialised in Westerns , working mostly at Republic Studios where he produced 26 Allan `` Rocky '' Lane westerns beginning in 1947 and Universal International .
Cecilia of Brandenburg ( c. 1405 -- 4 January 1449 ) was a princess of Brandenburg by birth and by marriage a Duchess of Brunswick - Wolfenbüttel .
Monsignor Anton Agreiter , MHM ( 18 March 1934 − 15 October 2002 ) was a Roman Catholic priest who served as the Apostolic Prefect of the Falkland Islands and Ecclesiastic Superior of St. Helena , Ascension Island and Tristan da Cunha since 1986 to 2002 .
Gary D. Forsee ( born 1950 ) was the chairman and chief executive officer of Sprint Nextel Corporation ( 2003 - -2007 ) and served as president of the University of Missouri System from 2007 - 2011 .
Zoltán Teszári ( Hungarian pronunciation : ( ˈzoltaːn ˈtɛsaːri ) ; born 1970 in Oradea ) is a Romanian IT entrepreneur .
Fazlollah Zahedi ( Persian : فضل الله زاهدی ) ( c. 1897- 2 September ( or 1 September ) 1963 ) was an Iranian general and statesman who replaced Iranian Prime Minister Mohammad Mosaddegh through a coup d'état , in which he played a major role .
George Oros ( born 1954 ) is an American lawyer and Republican politician from Cortlandt Manor , New York .
Kristýna Kolocová ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈkrɪstiːna ˈkolotsovaː ) ; born 1 April 1988 ) is a Czech beach volleyball player .
Dylan Borlée ( born 20 September 1992 ) is a Belgian track and field sprinter who competes in the 400 metres .
Franciszek Czapek ( Czech : František Čapek , French : François Czapek ) ( born 1811 ) was a master watchmaker and partner of Antoni Patek in Patek , Czapek & Cie .
Grant Lawrie ( born 29 November 1958 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Fitzroy and St Kilda in the Victorian / Australian Football League ( VFL / AFL ) .
Zecharia Dershowitz ( 1865 - -later than 1888 ) , known as Reb Zecharia , was a Jewish man who immigrated to the United States in 1888 from Galicia , Poland at the age of twenty three .
Eleftherios Fotiadis ( Greek : Ελευθέριος Φωτιάδης ; born 15 July 1965 ) is a former professional Greek footballer .
Henry Kessler ( 1847 -- January 9 , 1900 ) was an American Major League Baseball player who played mainly shortstop for the Brooklyn Atlantics of the National Association and the Cincinnati Reds of the National League .
Doug Muirhead ( born 20 March 1962 ) is a former Canadian soccer player who played for the national team from 1989 - 1992 .
Cheney Clow ( 1734 - -1788 ) was a loyalist from Delaware during the American Revolution who staged a rebellion against the colonial government that was advocating separation from Great Britain .
Pandit Shankar Ghosh ( 1935 -- 22 January 2016 ) was an Indian tabla player from the Farukhabad gharana of Hindustani classical music .
Vladimir Sorochinskiy ( Russian : Владимир Сорочинский ; born 15 February 1980 ) is a retired Belarusian professional footballer of Kazakh origin .
Noel Teasdale ( born 2 January 1938 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played in the Victorian Football League .
M.A. Yewdale ( 1908 -- 2000 ) was an early 20th - century , West Coast Canadian pioneer and heritage artist , who created prolifically , with a bold and colourful palate .
Jon Sousa ( born in 1978 in New Jersey , USA ) is a contemporary American musician and solo guitarist from New Jersey , currently residing in Boulder , Colorado .
Peter Cousens ( born in 1955 ) is an Australian actor , born in Tamworth , New South Wales .
Raimondas Žutautas ( born 4 September 1972 ) is a former Lithuanian footballer and former Lithuanian national football team head coach .
Billy Rayner ( May 1935 -- 18 July 2006 ) was an Australian rugby league footballer from the 1950s and 1960s .
Daniel Niell Jordaan ( born 13 January 1992 in Newcastle , South Africa ) is a South African rugby union player , currently playing with UFS Shimlas , the Free State Cheetahs and the Cheetahs .
Calvin L. Noble , born October 13 , 1813 in Trumbull County , Ohio , United States is known primarily for spelling the name of Cleveland , Ohio incorrectly .
Luis Felipe Henao Cardona ( born 23 October 1979 ) is a Colombian politician who is the 3rd and current Minister of Housing , City and Territory of Colombia since 2013 .
Vakur Versan ( 1918 -- 4 April 2011 ) was a Turkish jurist and professor of administrative law at İstanbul University .
David Llewellyn - Smith ( born 16 March 1967 ) is an Australian writer and independent publisher in the field of macroeconomics .
Louise Kramer ( born 1923 , in New York City , United States ) is a New York City - based artist , known for working in a wide range of media - from printmaking to drawing , sculpture , and site - specific installation .
Özden Örnek ( 2 February 1943 , İzmit ) is a retired Turkish admiral .
Eric Sheppard ( born 1 October 1950 ) is a British and American geographer , and Professor of Economic geography at UCLA .
Milena Jelinek ( Czech : Milena Jelínková , née Tobolová ) ( born 1935 ) is a Czech American screenwriter , playwright and teacher .
Dov Weissglass ( born 1946 ) is an Israeli lawyer and business man who has been closely linked with the Middle East peace process , particularly under Prime Minister Ariel Sharon .
Carmel Berkson ( born 1924 ) is an American sculptor known for her documentation and books on Indian art , aesthetics and architecture .
Norbert De Cuyper ( born 14 April 1943 in Uitkerke ) is a Belgian , Flemish politician .
Len Skeat ( born 9 February 1937 ) is an English jazz double - bassist born in east London , perhaps best known for his work with the Ted Heath band and younger brother of Bill Skeat ( saxes ) .
Charles H. Seston ( 1840 -- September 19 , 1864 ) was a Union Army soldier killed in action during the American Civil War .
Raoul Cauvin ( born 26 September 1938 ) is a Belgian comics author and one of the most popular in the humorist field .
Nicolas Ceolin started in football at Gaúcho , playing for other Rio Grande do Sul - based youth clubs until he was transferred to EC Vitoria ( born 10 April 1986 in Passo Fundo ) is a Brazilian footballer .
Louis Charles Karpinski ( 5 August 1878 -- 25 January 1956 ) was an American mathematician born in Rochester , New York to Henry Hermanagle Karpinski from Warsaw , Poland and Mary Louise Engesser from Guebweiler , Alsace .
Helena Bulaja ( pronounced ( buˈlaja ) ; born 6 December 1971 ) is a Croatian multimedia artist , film director , scriptwriter , designer and film producer .
John Taliaferro ( 1768 -- August 12 , 1852 ) was a nineteenth - century politician , lawyer and librarian from Virginia .
Carl Frederik Waage Beck ( Born 1979 in Copenhagen , Denmark ) is a Copenhagen - based community activist and artist working under the pseudonym Paintshooter .
Davitt Moroney ( born 23 December 1950 ) , is a British - born and educated musicologist , harpsichordist and organist .
Nenad Adamović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Ненад Адамовић ; born 12 January 1989 ) is a Serbian footballer who plays for Belarusian Premier League club Dinamo Minsk .
Martin Crilly ( born 1969 ) is a writer born in Newry , County Down , Northern Ireland .
Fernando Mastrangelo ( born 13 October 1978 ) is a Brooklyn - based contemporary artist .
David Farmer ( born 9 July 1955 in London ) is a theatre director , playwright , drama consultant and yoga teacher .
Amore Bekker ( born 11 February 1965 ) is a South African radio personality , author , MC and columnist .
Aileen de Graaf ( born 25 April 1990 ) is a Dutch darts player currently ranked World No2 by the WDF playing in the British Darts Organisation .
Paula Byrne , Lady Bate , ( born 1967 ) , is a British author and biographer who wrote Perdita :
Renato Pozzetto ( born 14 July 1940 ) is an Italian actor , director , stand - up comedian and singer .
Damian Hampson ( born 27 March 1970 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with the West Coast Eagles in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) .
Aisea Taoka ( born 1946 ) is a former Fijian civil servant and police officer , who served as the Commissioner of Prisons from 1996 to 2006 , when he was dismissed by the military administration that seized power on 5 December that year .
Tomasz Rząsa ( Polish pronunciation : ( ˈtɔmaʂ ˈʐɔ̃sa ) ) ( born 11 March 1973 ) is a Polish former professional footballer .
Marlies Dumbsky was born on 20 October 1985 in Volkach and comes from a Franconian vintner family that has been in the wine - growing business since 1837 .
Samantha Tross ( born 30 June 1968 ) is a British consultant surgeon .
Mohammed Al - Assa ( Arabic : محمد العيسى‎ ; born in 1971 ) is a well - known Saudi Arabian actor Began his artistic career in the late 1990s .
Bernard Sauer ( 1924 -- February 13 , 1991 ) was an American stage actor , most prominently starring in Yiddish theater during the 1960s and 70s .
L. Frank ( born 1952 ) is the nom d'arte of L. Frank Manriquez , a Tongva - Acjachemen artist , writer , tribal scholar , cartoonist , and indigenous language activist .
Bernd Siebert ( born 5 March 1964 in Berlin - Wilmersdorf ) is a German mathematician who researches in algebraic geometry .
Al - Mahdi Ahmad ( 1633 -- July 10 , 1681 ) was an Imam of Yemen , who ruled in 1676 - -1681 .
Jackson Mullane ( born 30 January 1987 ) is an Australian film director , screenwriter and actor .
Ralph Francis Scalera ( June 28 , 1930 -- January 27 , 2011 ) was a former United States federal judge .
Marina Dimitrijevic ( born 1981 ) is the executive director of the Wisconsin Working Families Party and the former chairwoman of the Milwaukee County Board of Supervisors .
Rufus May ( born 1968 ) is a British clinical psychologist best known for using his own experiences of being a psychiatric patient to promote alternative recovery approaches for those experiencing psychotic symptoms .
Joost Gerardus Bernard Volmer ( born 7 March 1974 ) , simply known as Joost Volmer , is a retired Dutch footballer .
Savatije Milošević ( Serbian Cyrillic : Саватије Милошевић ; 1876 - -1905 ) , known as Vojvoda Savatije , was a Serbian hajduk and Chetnik commander .
K. Vijay Kumar ( born 15 September 1952 ) is a former officer in the Indian Police Service and was the Chief of the Special Task Force that was behind the encounter with the notorious bandit Veerappan during Operation Cocoon of 2004 .
Amico Bignami ( 15 April 1862 -- 8 September 1929 ) was an Italian physician , pathologist , malariologist and sceptic .
Sid Barras ( born 3 April 1948 ) is an English former professional road racing cyclist from Middlesbrough , Cleveland .
Jean - Pascal Tricoire ( born 11 May 1963 ) is the CEO and chairman of the multinational electricity company Schneider Electric .
David Tindle RA ( born 29 April 1932 ) is a British painter who was made a Royal Academician in 1979 .
Lillian Stewart Carl ( born 1949 ) is an American author of mystery , fantasy and science - fiction novels .
Derek Clayton ( born 17 November 1942 ) is a former Australian long - distance runner , born in Cumbria , England and raised in Northern Ireland .
Barak Fever Daniels ( Holon , Israel ; 27 August 1981 ) is a Mexican sport journalist who works for the multinational sport chain ESPN .
Abiodun Oyewole ( born Charles Davis , February 1948 ) , is a poet , teacher and founding member of the American music and spoken - word group The Last Poets , which developed into what is considered to be the first hip hop group .
Walter John Scholes ( 5 January 1950 -- 14 July 2003 ) was an Australian first - class cricketer and coach .
Bashir Maan CBE ( born October 1926 ) is a Pakistani - Scottish politician , businessman , judge , community worker and writer .
Harry Stott ( born 30 September 1995 ) , from Henley - on - Thames , Oxfordshire , is a British stage and television actor .
Philip Treacy OBE ( born 26 May 1967 ) is an Irish milliner and designer based in London .
Soap&Skin is the experimental musical project of Austrian artist Anja Plaschg ( born 5 April 1990 ) .
William J. Lyons , Jr. ( May 30 , 1921 -- April 11 , 2014 ) was an American businessman and politician .
Peter McMullin ( born 25 April 1952 ) was the Mayor of Geelong in 2006 and Deputy Lord Mayor of Melbourne between 1996 and 1999 .
Ralph Caplan , born January 4 , 1925 , in Ambridge , Pennsylvania , is a design consultant , writer , and public speaker .
Sir John Cavendish of Cavendish ( c. 1346 -- 15 June 1381 ) was an English judge from Cavendish , Suffolk , England .
Eddie Coker ( born 1960 , Midland , Texas ) is a children 's singer / songwriter from Dallas , Texas , now living in Manitou Springs , Colorado .
Bradley Joseph ( born 1965 ) is an American composer , arranger , and producer of contemporary instrumental music .
Jack Hui ( Chinese : 許子岳 ; born 1988 ) is an alumnus from Queen 's College in Hong Kong .
Jeremy Gilbert - Rolfe ( born 1945 ) is a British New Abstractionist painter , art critic , theorist , and educator .
Eliodoro Matte Larraín ( born 5 November 1945 ) is a Chilean billionaire businessman , president of the Chilean forestry and paper company CMPC , that he inherited from his father .
Helao Shityuwete ( born 25 August 1934 in Evale , Angola ) is a Namibian author and former politician and military commander .
Huang Wanli ( simplified Chinese : 黄万里 ; traditional Chinese : 黃萬里 ; pinyin : Huáng Wànlǐ ; 20 August 1911 − 27 August 2001 ) was a Chinese hydrologist .
Aviad Hacohen ( 1962 - ) is an Israeli attorney and professor of law .
Petar Dobrović ( Serbian pronunciation : ( pêtar dǒːbrovit͡ɕ);14 January 1890 - 27 January 1942 , Serbian Cyrillic : Петар Добровић , Hungarian : Dobrovits Péter ) was a Serbian painter and politician born in Austro - Hungarian Empire ( today Hungary ) .
Mihael Brejc , also known as Miha Brejc ( born 15 November 1947 ) is a Slovenian politician and former Member of the European Parliament .
Belinda Schönberger ( 27 August 1991 ) is an Austrian figure skater .
Wu Sike ( born May 1946 ) is a senior diplomat of the People 's Republic of China .
Dr. Theodor von Hippel ( born 19 January 1890 in Toruń , date of death unknown ) was the German army and intelligence officer responsible for the formation and training of the Brandenburgers commando unit .
Isabel Suckling ( born 24 March 1998 ) is a British singer who upon signing a record deal with Decca Records became the youngest classical recording artist signed by Decca to date , and the first choirgirl to sign a record contract with a major music label .
Jeannie Carson ( born 23 May 1928 ) is a retired English - born comedienne and actress .
Bruno Brookes ( born Trevor Neil Brookes in Stoke - on - Trent , Staffordshire 24 April 1959 ) is a British radio presenter who became prominent in the 1980s .
Colonel Václav Robert Bozděch ( 15 July 1912 -- 27 February 1980 ) was a Czech fighter pilot of World War II . He was a British Royal Air Force ( RAF ) squadron gunner and commander of training centers .
Nick Leventis ( born 31 January 1980 ) is a British racing driver and founder of Strakka Racing .
Dynamite MC ( born Dominic Smith , 7 October 1973 , Germany ) is an MC from Gloucester , England .
Shahbano Bilgrami ( born 1973 ) is a writer , editor , poet , and book / film reviewer .
Adonias Fonseca ( born 1994 ) is a Brazilian player of Freestyle football .
Melvin Block ( 1928 - -June 10 , 1985 ) was an American plaintiffs ' trial lawyer from New York .
Lindy Rodwell ( born 13 February 1962 in Johannesburg ) is a South African zoologist and conservationist who dedicated herself to ensuring viable wetland habitat and population sizes for the cranes of Africa south of the Sahara , namely the endangered blue crane and grey - crowned crane and the critically endangered wattled crane .
Darren Purchese ( born 1975 in Guildford ) is a British pastry chef , author and television personality living and working in Australia .
James Joseph Dresnok ( born 1941 ) is an American defector to North Korea , one of six American soldiers to defect after the Korean War .
Alana Boyd ( born 10 May 1984 ) is an Australian Olympic pole vaulter .
Vahit Melih Halefoğlu ( born 19 November 1919 , Antakya ) is a Turkish politician and former diplomat .
Marina Oliver ( born 1934 ) , is a British writer of romance novels since 1974 , she also wrote under the pseudonyms of Sally James , Donna Hunt , Bridget Thorn , Vesta Hathaway , Livvy West and Laura Hart .
Ed Askew ( born 1940 ) is an American painter and singer - songwriter who first recorded in 1968 and now lives in New York City .
Starkey Banton aka Starkey Super ( born David Murray , 15 November 1962 ) is a British reggae deejay known for his `` cultural '' lyrics , active since the mid-1970s .
Steven Bishop ( born 3 March 1970 ) is an Australian drummer , formerly of Australian band Powderfinger though he left the band before their rise to prominence because of illness .
Wyman Wong , born 21 May 1969 , is one of the most important Cantopop lyricists in Hong Kong .
Ronald Frank Thiemann ( 1946 -- November 29 , 2012 ) was an American theologian who was Benjamin Bussey Professor of Theology at Harvard Divinity School .
Sergei Karimov ( German : Sergej Karimow , Russian : Сергей Каримов ) ( born 21 December 1986 in Saran ) is a Kazakh footballer who last played for Lupo Martini Wolfsburg .
Ian Gerard ( born in April , 1968 in New York City ) was the co - founder of Gen Art . He served as the company 's CEO ( 1997 - 2010 ) .
Peter Chapple - Hyam ( born 2 April 1963 in Leamington Spa , Warwickshire , England ) is a Thoroughbred racehorse trainer .
Billie Velisek ( born 1982 ) is a Canadian ski mountaineer and member of the national selection .
Alan Gould ( born 22 March 1949 ) is a contemporary Australian novelist , essayist and poet .
Neil Smit ( born 1959 ) is an American businessman and former U.S. Navy SEAL and is CEO of Comcast Cable Corporation , an American company providing cable , entertainment , and communications products and services .
Geoff Heslop ( born 3 June 1947 in Northumberland , England ) is an English record producer and musician
John Kickham ( 1847 -- January 2 , 1917 ) was a farmer , blacksmith and political figure in Prince Edward Island .
Jules Moigniez ( 28 May 1835 -- 29 May 1894 ) was a French animalier sculptor who worked during the 19th century .
Heinrich Birnbaum ( 1403 -- 19 February 1473 ) , also known as De Piro ( the Latinized form of his German name ) , was a pious and learned Carthusian German monk .
Patrick Matthews ( born 29 November 1975 ) is the former bass guitarist of Australian garage rock band The Vines and the former bass guitarist of Youth Group .
Hamdan bin Rashid Al Maktoum ( Arabic : حمدان بن راشد أل مكتوم‎ , Hamdān bin Rāschid Āl Maktūm ; born 25 December 1945 ) is the Deputy Ruler of Dubai and the Minister of Finance and Industry of the United Arab Emirates ( UAE ) .
Humberto Guerra Allison ( born 1940 ) , is a physician and scientist .
Roger Thompson ( born 19 December 1991 ) is a Jamaican born Canadian football player .
( Mary Ann ) Elizabeth Stephansen ( 10 March 1872 , Bergen - 23 February 1961 ) was a Norwegian mathematician .
Sedat Bayrak ( born 10 April 1981 ) is a Turkish professional footballer who plays as a center back for Ankaragücü .
Leonard Dowell ( born Edinburgh , 13 June 1902 ) was a Scottish professional association football player .
Bjørn Benterud ( 22 January 1901 -- 21 March 1985 ) was a Norwegian businessperson and sports official .
Sani Ndanusa ( born 5 May 1957 ) is a Nigerian civil servant who was appointed Minister of Youths , Sports and Social Development in December 2008 .
Brooke Palsson ( born 23 April 1993 ) is a Canadian actress and singer / songwriter .
Vidas Blekaitis ( born 14 April 1972 ) is a Lithuanian strongman .
Sanita Pušpure ( born 21 December 1981 ) is a Latvian and Irish professional rower .
Leigh Brown ( born 23 February 1982 ) is a former Australian rules football player who played for Fremantle , North Melbourne and finally Collingwood in the Australian Football League .
Rt . Hon . Sir David Arnold Scott Cairns ( 5 March 1902 -- 8 September 1987 ) , was a British judge and Liberal Party politician .
Pammi Somal ( born 3 October 1955 ) is a Bollywood journalist and a filmmaker .
Heiner Rindermann ( born 1966 ) is a German psychologist and educational researcher .
Igor de Carvalho Julião ( born 23 August 1994 in Rio de Janeiro ) , commonly known as Igor Julião , is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a right back for Macaé on loan from Fluminense .
Jaroslav Melichárek ( born 22 December 1977 ) is rally driver from Slovakia .
Gerd Dudenhöffer ( born 13 October 1949 in Bexbach ) is a German cabaret artist and writer .
Abdul Azim Islahi ( born 1950 ) is a professor at the Islamic Economics Institute , Jeddah .
Holly Walsh ( born 8 November 1980 ) is an English comedian and comedy writer , known mainly for her work on TV and radio in the UK .
Albert Vanbuel ( born 5 December 1940 ) is a Belgian Salesian missionary and former bishop of Kaga - Bandoro in the Central African Republic .
Hồ Quang Minh ( Hanoi , 1949 ) is a Vietnamese - born Swiss film director .
Francisco Rodríguez Barrientos ( born 1956 ) is a Costa Rican writer and sociologist .
Tom Cartmill ( born in Ashton - Under - Lyne , 1965 ) is a contemporary English painter , currently living in Reading , UK .
Fateh Muhammad Malik , ( Urdu : فتح محمد ملک‎ ALA - LC : born 1936 ) is a Pakistani literary critic and scholar .
George Frederick Charles Searle FRS ( 3 December 1864 -- 16 December 1954 ) was a British physicist and teacher .
Charles Halliley ( 5 December 1852 -- 23 March 1929 ) was an English first - class cricketer , who played three matches for Yorkshire County Cricket Club in 1872 , against Lancashire , Nottinghamshire , and Surrey respectively .
Rajeev Bhatia ( born 1962 ) is an urban planner , based in San Francisco , a partner in the consulting firm of Dyett & Bhatia , Urban and Regional Planners .
Joseph Devine ( b. 7 August 1937 , Kirkintilloch ) was the Roman Catholic Bishop of Motherwell in Scotland .
David Liddiment ( born 20 September 1952 ) is Creative Director of the independent production company All3Media .
Guglielmo Morisetti ( 18 March 1886 , date of death unknown ) was an Italian cyclist .
William Albert , 1st Prince of Montenuovo ( 8 August 1819 -- 7 April 1895 ) was an Italian prince and Field Marshal Lieutenant of the Austrian Empire .
Armin Reutershahn ( born 1 March 1960 ) is a German football coach and manager .
John Arkell ( 1835 -- 1923 ) was an English clergyman and a rower who won Silver Goblets at Henley Royal Regatta .
Thomas William Cowan ( 1840 - -1926 ) was a co - founder and president of the British Beekeepers ' Association .
June Bevan ( born 9 June 1931 ) is an Australian badminton player who has played on a national and international level .
William Larkin Stiles ( September 1871 -- December 5 , 1908 ) , better known as Billy Stiles or William Larkin , was an American outlaw in the Old West who , with partner Burt Alvord , led a small gang of train robbers while serving as a deputy sheriff in Arizona Territory .
Frank Pope ( born 13 May 1973 ) is the author of two books and presenter of two BBC television series .
Reinhard Mecke ( born 14 July 1895 in Stettin ; died 30 December 1969 ) was a German physicist , who focused on chemical physics .
Yoram Marciano ( Hebrew : יורם מרציאנו‎ , born 31 October 1964 ) is an Israeli politician .
Tasos Telloglou ( Greek : Τάσος Τέλλογλου ; born 1961 ) is a Greek investigative journalist .
Khader Adnan Mohammad Musa ( Arabic : خضر عدنان محمد موسى ; born on 24 March 1978 ) is a senior member of the Palestinian Islamist organization Palestinian Islamic Jihad ( PIJ ) and a prisoner in Israel .
Anders Blixt ( born 1959 ) is a Swedish game designer and science journalist .
Victoria Haralabidou ( Greek : Βικτώρια Χαραλαμπίδου , born 23 October 1971 ) , is a Greek actress .
Brendan Larkin ( born 1943 ) is an Irish retired Gaelic footballer who played as a centre - back for the Cork senior football team .
Charles A. Coulombe ( born 8 November 1960 ) is an American Catholic author and lecturer .
Harry Reichenbach ( 1882 - -1931 ) was a US press agent and publicist who dreamed up sensational publicity stunts to promote films .
Shafiq Chitou ( born 23 May 1985 ) is a Beninese boxer .
Colonel Robert Lilburne ( 1613 - -1665 ) was the older brother of John Lilburne , the well known Leveller .
Aboubakar Camara ( born Bingerville , 26 December 1965 ) is a former Ivorian rugby union footballer and a current coach .
Shabba Ranks ( born Rexton Rawlston Fernando Gordon , 17 January 1966 ) is a Jamaican dancehall musician .
Ronen Tzur ( Hebrew : רונן צור‎ , born 1969 ) is a former Member of Knesset .
Liu Jianzhang ( simplified Chinese : 刘建章 ; traditional Chinese : 劉建章 ; pinyin : Liú Jiànzhāng ) ( 1910 -- February 14 , 2008 ) was a politician of the People 's Republic of China and a former Minister of Railways of China .
Edward Craig Morris ( October 7 , 1939 -- June 14 , 2006 ) was an American archaeologist who was best known for his Inca expeditions and creating a modern understanding of the Inca civilization .
Michael Michai Kitbunchu ( Thai : ไมเกิ้ล มีชัย กิจบุญชู ; born 25 January 1929 ) is a Thai Cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church .
Ronan Sweeney ( born on 15 September 1980 ) is a Gaelic footballer , who played inter - county football for Kildare and currently plays club football with Moorefield .
Anton Erhard Martinelli ( 1684 -- September 15 , 1747 ) was an Austrian architect and master - builder of Italian descent .
Chris Loudon ( born 19 May 1985 in Glasgow ) is a Scottish darts player currently playing for British Darts Organisation .
Foster Fyans ( 1790 - -1870 ) , soldier , penal administrator and public servant , was acting commandant of the second convict settlement at Norfolk Island , the first police magistrate at Geelong , and commissioner of crown lands for the Portland Bay pastoral district in the Port Phillip District of New South Wales .
Humphrey Clucas ( born 1941 ) is a British composer , singer and author .
Virachai Virameteekul ( born 8 June 1967 ) is a Thai economist , university professor , and Democrat Party politician .
Martin Ling ( born 15 July 1966 ) is an English football manager and former player , who was last the manager of Swindon Town in League One .
Marie - Guillaume Charles Le Roux ( 1814 - -1895 ) was a landscape painter of the Barbizon school .
Paola María Elena Maltese Mongelos , known professionally as Paola Maltese ( born 10 January 1984 ) is Paraguayan actress , presenter and entrepreneur .
Margaret of Provence ( 1221 -- 20 December 1295 ) was Queen of France as the wife of King Louis IX .
Michael Salter ( born 1967 ) is an American contemporary artist and educator .
Vincent Zouaoui - Dandrieux ( born 12 October 1980 ) is a French long - distance runner who specialises in the steeplechase .
Gustaf Peter Lundblad ( 26 August 1950 -- 22 December 2015 ) was a Swedish singer and songwriter , well known for his 1986 song Ta mig till havet .
Michał Cała ( born in 1948 in Toruń ) is a Polish photographer .
Betim Aliju ( Macedonian : Бетим Алиу ) ( born 17 March 1989 ) is a Macedonian retired football player .
Tomáš Jablonský ( born 21 June 1987 ) is a Czech football player who recently played for ŠK Slovan Bratislava .
John H. Kunsky ( 1875 - -1952 ) was a Detroit area businessman who made his fortune by investing in movie theaters .
Jonathan Walasiak ( born 23 October 1982 in Mons ) is a Belgian football player who has been in the national team .
Valery Sigalevitch ( Russian : Валерий Львович Сигалевич , Valerij Lvovič Sigalevič ; born 1950 ) is a Russian classical concert pianist .
Ashour Suleiman Shuwail ( born 1954 ) is a retired Libyan security officer who served as the minister of interior in the cabinet that was formed after the first democratic elections in July 2012 .
Joseph Zohar ( Hebrew : יוסף זוהר‎ ; born 18 April 1948 ) is the director of Psychiatry and the Anxiety and Obsessive Compulsive Clinic at the Sheba Medical Center in Tel HaShomer and professor of psychiatry at Tel Aviv University , Israel .
Janet Godman ( born 1966 ) is an English cricketer and former member of the England women 's cricket team .
Niels Lan Doky ( born 3 October 1963 ) is a Danish jazz pianist , composer and producer .
William Herbert Laming , Baron Laming , CBE PC ( born 19 July 1936 ) is a British social worker and member of the House of Lords .
Kelly Macdonald ( born 23 February 1976 ) is a Scottish actress , known for her roles in the films Trainspotting ( 1996 ) , Gosford Park ( 2001 ) , Intermission ( 2003 ) , Nanny McPhee ( 2005 ) , Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows --
Bert Fish ( October 8 , 1875 -- July 21 , 1943 ) was an American judge , real - estate operator , finance director , philanthropist , and ambassador .
Sire Ma born 31 July 1987 is a Chinese actress based in Hong Kong .
Colonel ( Res . ) Adv . Daniel Reisner ( born in Israel in 1963 ) is the former Head of the International Law Branch of the Israel Defense Forces ( IDF ) Legal Division , and a partner with Herzog , Fox & Neeman .
Sophia Magdalena Krag - Juel Vind , née von Gram ( 1734 - -1810 ) , was a Danish Salon holder , landowner and noble .
David Moncoutié ( born 30 April 1975 ) is a retired French professional road racing cyclist , who rode with the French team Cofidis , for his entire professional career .
Sharmila Nicollet ( born 12 March 1991 ) is an Indo French professional golfer from Bangalore , India .
Rafael Edri ( Hebrew : רפאל אדרי‎ , born 10 September 1937 ) is a former Israeli politician who served as Minister of the Environment and Minister without Portfolio between 1988 and 1990 .
Arturo Paoletti ( born 10 August 1918 , date of death unknown ) was an Italian boxer .
Gaurishankar Udayshankar , Gaurishankar , or Gaga Oza ( 21 August 1805 - December 1892 ) was chief minister of Bhavnagar state in Kathiawar , India from 1850 to 1879 .
Meredith Miller ( born 26 December 1973 ) is a Cyclo cross and road cyclist from United States .
Malcolm Rose ( born 1953 ) is a British young - adult author .
Gruffudd ap Cynan ( c. 1055 -- 1137 ) , sometimes written as Gruffydd ap Cynan , was King of Gwynedd from 1081 until his death in 1137 .
Mia Hansen - Løve ( born 5 February 1981 ) is a French film director , screenwriter and former actress .
Sidney S. Liufau ( born 22 November 1963 ) is an American actor best known for role of Lt . Manuele Atoa in the Star Trek :
Lady Frances Manners ( 24 March 1753 -- 15 October 1792 ) , Countess of Tyrconnel .
Shubha Phutela ( 5 May 1991 -- 22 October 2012 ) was an Indian film actress and model .
Romário de Souza Faria ( born 29 January 1966 ) , known simply as Romário ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( ʁoˈmaɾiu ) ) , is a former Brazilian footballer , manager and politician .
Neville Graeme Marchant ( born 1939 ) is a retired Western Australian botanist .
Alex Broun ( born 16 March 1965 ) is an Australian playwright , who has worked extensively with Short+Sweet , a series of theatre festivals for productions of ten minutes or less .
Katerina Smutna ( born 13 June 1983 as Kateřina Smutná ) is a former Czech national ski team member and currently an Austrian cross country skier .
Ed Mayo ( born 14 April 1964 ) , is Secretary General of Co - operatives UK , the UK trade association for co - operatives .
Ronald Verch ( born 10 February 1986 ) is a German sprint canoeist who has been competing since the late 2000s .
Laura Spragg ( born 16 June 1982 in Yorkshire , England ) is an English cricket player .
André Souste ( bap . 4 April 1692 -- 12 February 1776 ) was a businessman and royal notary in Canada .
Wang Maoshe ( simplified Chinese : 王茂设 ; traditional Chinese : 王茂設 ; pinyin : Wāng Màoshè ; born August 1957 ) is a former Chinese politician who served as the Communist Party Secretary of Yuncheng , a city in Shanxi province , between 2013 and 2014 , and prior to that , party chief of Shuozhou .
Eulabee Dix ( 1878 -- June 14 , 1961 ) was an American artist , who favoured the medium of watercolours on ivory to paint portrait miniatures .
Lieutenant General Mohammed Ahmed Mustafa al - Dabi ( Arabic : محمد أحمد مصطفى الدابي‎ ; born February 1948 ) is a Sudanese military commander and intelligence officer who served as head of the Arab League observer mission in Syria from December 2011 to February 2012 .
Gemechu Woyecha ( born 3 February 1979 ) is an Australian long - distance runner who specializes in the marathon .
Johnnie Schofield ( 1899 - -1955 ) was a British actor .
Kristian Haynes ( Swedish pronunciation : ( haɪns ) ) ( born 20 December 1980 ) is a Swedish footballer who plays for Trelleborg in the Swedish third tier , Division 1 .
Jocian Bento dos Anjos , commonly known as Jocian , ( born 27 August 1979 ) is an Brazillian football midfielder who plays for Operário .
Klaus Voormann ( born 29 April 1938 ) is a German artist , musician , and record producer .
Toussaint McCall ( born 1934 , Monroe , Louisiana ) is an American R&B singer and organist .
Juan Nepomuceno Rencoret ( 1856- ? ) was a Chilean doctor .
Abdelilah Saber ( Arabic : عبد الإله صابر‎ ; born 21 April 1974 ) is a Moroccan retired footballer who played as a right back .
Paulette Randall MBE ( born 1961 in London , England ) is a British theatre director of Jamaican descent .
Justin Hill ( born 1971 ) is an English novelist
Chris Standring ( born 1960 in Buckinghamshire , England ) is a British - born soul jazz guitarist known for his heavy use of 1970s - style musical nuances .
Duncan Evans ( born 28 November 1959 ) in St Asaph , Denbighshire , Wales was a Welsh amateur golfer who won The Amateur Championship at the Royal Porthcawl Golf Club in 1980 .
Piet Sielck ( born 14 November 1964 ) is a power metal guitarist , vocalist and producer .
Anil Bordia was born on 5 May 1934 in the Indian city of Indore , in Madhya Pradesh .
Martin S. Fox ( Born 1924 in Newark , New Jersey ) is an American Publisher who served as President of the Jewish Telegraphic Agency an international the oldest and largest news agency and wire service serving Jewish community newspapers and media around the world .
J. D. Frazer ( born 1969 ) , pen name Illiad , is the artist and writer of the webcomic User Friendly .
Yreina Cervantez ( born 1952 ) is an American artist and Chicana activist who is known for her multimedia painting , murals , and printmaking .
Brian Olsen ( born 1975 ) is an American former MMA fighter who fought mainly in World Extreme Cagefighting .
Teodoro Plata ( 1866 -- February 6 , 1897 ) was a Filipino patriot , and a co - founder of the Katipunan , the secret society which sparked the Philippine Revolution against Spanish rule in 1896 .
Abu Ubaidah al - Banshiri ( Arabic : أبو عبيدة البنشير‎ ; May 1950 -- May 23 , 1996 ) was the nom de guerre of Ali Amin al - Rashidi ( علي أمين الرشيدي ) , one of the `` most capable and popular leaders '' of al - Qaeda .
Barbara Stcherbatcheff ( born 1981 in Chicago , Illinois , USA ) is a best - selling author , journalist and a frequent economic commentator .
Princess Maria Laura of Belgium , Archduchess of Austria - Este ( Maria Laura Zita Beatrix Gerhard , born 26 August 1988 ) is the second child and oldest daughter of Lorenz , Archduke of Austria - Este and Princess Astrid of Belgium .
Alfredo Intriago ( born 4 December 1970 ) is an Ecuadorian international referee who refereed at the 2010 and 2014 FIFA World Cup qualifiers .
Marcel Lobelle ( c. 1893 - 1967 ) was a Belgian aeronautical engineer who spent his professional career working in Britain .
Joanna MacGregor OBE ( born 16 July 1959 ) is a British concert pianist , conductor , composer and festival curator .
Robert Trewhella ( 1830 - - ? ) was a Cornish engineer .
Ayoze Díaz Díaz ( born 25 May 1982 ) , known simply as Ayoze , is a Spanish professional footballer who plays as a left back .
Catherine Feeny ( born 1976 ) is an American singer / songwriter based in Portland , Oregon .
Olga Kalyuzhnaya ( Ольга Калюжная ; born 19 December 1982 ) is a Russian tennis player .
Jonathan Woodhouse ( born 1987 ) is a British actor , director and producer .
Ravinder Senghera ( born 25 January 1947 in Kamla Nagar , Delhi ) is an Indian - born former English cricketer who played a number of times for Worcestershire in the mid-1970s ; he also had one game for DH Robins ' XI in 1974 .
Milena Nikolova ( Bulgarian : Милена Николова ; born 31 October 1984 in Sliven ) is a Bulgarian writer .
Florence Newton ( fl . 1661 ) was an alleged Irish witch , known as the `` Witch of Youghal '' .
Louis Gordon ( born 1965 ) is an English musician notable for his collaboration with John Foxx .
Anita Kanwal ( born 9 April 1954 ) is an Indian television actress and producer who has acted in television serials such as Chanakya , Shanti and Sonpari .
Isa Sadriu ( Serbo - Croatian : Isa Sadriju/Иса Садрију , born 27 December 1963 ) is a former Kosovo Albanian football player .
Jean - Éric Vergne ( born 25 April 1990 ) is a French racing driver who competes in Formula E for DS Virgin Racing .
Ksenia Solo ( born 8 October 1987 ) is a Latvian - Canadian actress , best known for portraying Kenzi on Lost Girl .
Maria Handley ( born 4 October 1977 ) is a member - at - large of the Democratic National Committee from Colorado .
Zhang Pinghua ( April 1908 -- July 23 , 2001 Chinese : 張平化 ) , born to a Hakka family in Yanling County , Hunan , China , was a Chinese politician .
Fritz Baffour ( born 11 March 1952 ) is a Ghanaian journalist , politician and communications consultant .
Ian Hobson ( born 7 August 1952 ) is an English pianist , conductor and teacher , and is a professor at Florida State University .
Dennis Corrigan ( born 1944 ) is an American illustrator known for his surreal drawings .
Alen Markaryan , ( born 27 May 1966 , İstanbul ) is a Turkish supporters leader ( Turkish : Amigo ) and sport columnist of Armenian descent .
Eliahu Gat ( Hebrew : אליהו גת‎ ; born 1919 , died 1987 ) was an Israeli landscape painter .
Panniyampilly Krishnankuty Warrier ( born 5 June 1921 ) , popularly known as P. K. Warrier , is an Indian Ayurvedic physician .
Gianni Mazza ( born 5 October 1944 ) is an Italian composer , conductor , arranger , singer and television personality .
Gordon Ferry ( born 22 December 1943 ) is an English former footballer who played in the Football League for Arsenal and Leyton Orient .
Merle Nicholds ( born c. 1951 ) served as the final mayor of Kanata , Ontario from 1991 to 2000 .
Kurt Hilscher ( 1904 - -1980 ) was a German commercial illustrator .
Zulfiqar Ahmad ( born 28 February 1979 ) is a PhD scholar ( Islamic Studies ) at Minhaj University in Lahore , Pakistan .
Shontelle Layne ( born 4 October 1985 ) , known professionally as Shontelle , is a Barbadian singer - songwriter .
Sir Thomas Tassell Grant KCB FRS ( 1795 - 15 October 1859 ) was a notable inventor in the 19th century .
Sir Polydore de Keyser ( 13 December 1832 -- 14 January 1898 ) , was a lawyer and the first Roman Catholic since the Reformation to be elected Lord Mayor of London ( October 1887 - November 1888 ) .
Mika Poutala ( born 20 June 1983 ) is a Finnish speed skater who held a Finnish record in the sport .
Siegmund Salfeld ( 24 March 1843 -- May 1926 ) was a German rabbi and writer .
Will Merrick ( born 9 April 1993 ) is an English screen and stage actor .
Nevena Tsoneva ( Bulgarian : Невена Цонева ) ( born 17 August 1986 in Sevlievo ) is a Bulgarian singer who won the first season of the Bulgarian television series Music Idol in 2007 .
Avraham Abba Leifer ( 1918 -- 7 January 1990 ) was the second Rebbe of the Pittsburg Hasidic dynasty and the instigator for the relocation of the Hasidut from its original location in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania to the Israeli coastal city of Ashdod .
Khải Định ( Chữ Nôm : 啟定 ) ( born Nguyễn Phúc Bửu Đảo ; 8 October 1885 -- 6 November 1925 ) was the 12th Emperor of the Nguyễn Dynasty in Vietnam , reigning from 1916 to 1925 .
Scottie Wilson ( 6 June 1888 -- 1972 ) , born Louis Freeman , was a Scottish outsider artist known particularly for his highly detailed style .
Sunny Seki ( born 1947 ) is a Japanese American professional author and photographer based in Los Angeles , California .
Aleksandra Slađana Milošević Hagadone ( Serbian Cyrillic : Александра Слађана Милошевић ; born 1956 , in Belgrade , SFR Yugoslavia ) , better known as Slađana Milošević , pronounced ( slǎdʑana milǒːʃeʋitɕ ) , is a Serbian singer - songwriter , composer , record producer , and writer .
Johannes Ronge ( 16 October 1813 -- 26 October 1887 ) was the principal founder of the New Catholics .
Natalya Asanova ( Наталья Асанова ; born 29 November 1989 in Andijan Region ) is a Uzbekistani athlete specialising in the 400 metres hurdles .
Margit Bernhardt ( born 1897 ) was a German figure skater .
Xiao Qing ( 蕭頃 ) ( 862-June 19 , 930 ? ) , courtesy name Zicheng ( 子澄 ) , was an official of the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty and its successor states Later Liang and Later Tang of the Five Dynasties and Ten Kingdoms period , serving as a chancellor during Later Liang .
Howard Trevor Tunnicliffe ( born 4 March 1950 ) is a former cricketer who played for Nottinghamshire between 1971 and 1980 .
Cosimo Caliandro ( 11 March 1982 -- 10 June 2011 ) was an Italian middle distance runner .
Orsat Miljenić ( born 15 September 1968 ) is a Croatian lawyer , diplomat and politician , who served as Croatia 's Minister of Justice .
Josef Petersen ( 16 September 1881 -- 22 November 1973 ) was Danish author , known for many novels with historical , often Antique or Medieval motifs written from 1910 to 1949 .
Timothy Light ( born 1938 ) is an American sinologist who took a Chinese name `` 黎天睦 '' ( Pinyin : Lí Tíanmù ) .
Moshe Greenwald ( 1853 - -1910 ) , also spelled Grunwald , was the Rav of Chust , Hungary and progenitor of the Puppa Hasidic dynasty through his five sons .
Guy Lacombe ( born 12 June 1955 ) is a French former professional football ( soccer ) player and manager .
Laurie Yates ( 29 June 1922 -- 24 April 1990 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Collingwood in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Tomasz Skweres ( born 3 April 1984 in Warsaw ) is a Polish composer , who lives and works in Vienna .
Michelle Rzepecki ( born 6 November 1986 ) is an Australian goalball player classified as a B3 competitor .
Helge Rønning ( born 1 September 1943 ) is a Norwegian literary researcher .
Atsede Baysa Tesema , also known as Atsede Bayisa , ( born 16 April 1987 ) is an Ethiopian long distance runner who specialises in road running events .
Vladimir Milić ( Serbian : Владимир Милић ; born 23 October 1955 ) is a retired Serbian shot putter who represented SFR Yugoslavia .
Agni Pratistha Arkadewi Kuswardono ( born 8 December 1988 ) is an actress and beauty queen who has competed in the Miss Universe pageant .
Robert Groenewegen ( born 4 August 1960 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played 79 matches for the Footscray Football Club between 1978 and 1986 , kicking a total of 29 goals in his Victorian Football League ( VFL ) career .
Laura Torrisi ( 7 December 1979 ) is an Italian actress .
Dimitri Konyshev ( Russian Дмитрий Борисович Конышев ; born 18 February 1966 in Gorky ) is a Russian former road bicycle racer .
Daloni Metcalfe is a Welsh television and radio presenter ( born 9 February 1968 ) , currently presenting the Ffermio and Fferm Ffactor series on S4C.
Rosemary Squires ( b. Joan Rosemary Yarrow , 7 December 1928 , Bristol , England ) is an international jazz , big band , cabaret and concert singer and recording artist .
Marina Damlaimcourt Uceda ( born 15 October 1979 in Madrid ) is a Spanish professional triathlete , National Triathlon Champion of the year 2008 , three times National Aquathlon Champion ( 2004 , 2005 , 2010 ) , and member of the National Team .
Eva Mae Fleming Scott ( born May 6 , 1926 ) is a pharmacist and politician from Virginia .
Jon Rafman ( b. 1981 ) is an artist , filmmaker , and essayist .
Ding Yiping ( Chinese : 丁一平 ; born February 1951 ) is a retired vice - admiral ( zhong jiang ) of the People 's Liberation Army Navy ( PLAN ) of China .
Benjamin Travers , FRS ( 3 April 1783 -- 6 March 1858 ) was a British surgeon .
Steve Crenshaw ( born Steven Michael Hidalgo , 5 December 1971 ) is an American blues guitarist .
Joe Chalmers ( born 3 January 1994 ) is a Scottish footballer who currently plays as a left back for Scottish Premiership club Motherwell .
Zhang Hengyun ( born 25 October 1974 ) is a former Chinese sprinter who mainly competed over 400 metres .
Charles Frederick Palmer ( 9 September 1869 -- 25 October 1920 ) was a British journalist and newspaper editor , closely associated at the end of his career with the politician and business fraudster Horatio Bottomley .
Craig Sholl ( born 30 December 1967 ) is a former Australian Rules footballer who played for the North Melbourne Kangaroos during the 1990s .
Henning Sommerro ( born 3 May 1952 in Surnadal ) is a Norwegian musician , composer and music teacher .
Samuel Rubel ( 1881 - 1949 ) was an American millionaire immigrant from Russia .
Vice - Admiral ( retired ) Husaini Abdullahi ( born 3 March 1939 ) was the Military Governor of Bendel State , Nigeria from March 1976 to July 1978 during the military regime of General Olusegun Obasanjo .
Max Clendinning ( born 1924 in County Armagh , Northern Ireland ) is an architect and interior designer .
José Fernando da Silva Gonçalves ( born 21 April 1975 ) , commonly known as Zé Nando , is a Portuguese retired footballer who played as a left back .
Christos Maladenis ( born 23 May 1974 ) is a former Greek footballer .
Yan Lik Kin ( Chinese : 甄力健 ; Jyutping : jan1 lik6 gin6 , born 13 July 1961 ) is a Hong Kong football coach .
Khaled Hussain Butt ( born 7 August 1976 ) is a Pakistani - born cricketer who has played two One Day Internationals for Hong Kong .
Hazlina Abdul Halim ( born on the 17 February 1985 ) is a Singaporean television presenter , journalist , news reader and radio announcer .
Sverre Rødahl ( born in Oslo 7 July 1950 ) is a Norwegian stage producer and theatre director .
Henry Naylor ( born 19 January 1966 ) is a British comedy writer , director and performer , best known for his award - winning writing and for working with comedy partner Andy Parsons in Parsons and Naylor 's Pull - Out Sections .
Arthur Sachs ( 1953 - 2007 ) was a Swedish - Spanish neo - impressionist painter .
David Sherwin ( born 1942 ) is a British screenwriter best known for his collaborations with director Lindsay Anderson and actor Malcolm McDowell on the films if ....
Ian McFadyen ( born 8 July 1948 ) is an Australian writer , actor , and director .
Sir Ronald Urwick Cooke , FRGS ( born 1 September 1941 ) is a Professor of geography and geomorphology who was Vice - Chancellor of the University of York from 1993 to 2002 .
Wanderson Gustavo da Silva , known as Wanderson Cafu or just Cafu ( born 18 March 1986 ) is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Campinense .
Francisco Ernani Lima da Silva , better known as Mirandinha ( born 2 July 1959 in Brasilia ) , is a former professional Brazilian footballer .
Omer Vered ( Hebrew : עומר ורד‎ ; born 25 January 1990 ) is an Israeli footballer who currently plays for Maccabi Netanya .
Nicholas Barnewall , 1st Viscount Barnewall ( 1592 -- 20 August 1663 ) , was an Irish landowner and politician .
Phil Sigsworth ( born 31 January 1959 in Newtown , New South Wales ) is an Australian former professional rugby league footballer .
Vhrsti ( born 1 August 1975 in Rokycany , Czechoslovakia ) is a Czech illustrator , writer , children 's book author , comics artist and scenarist , member of the unofficial new wave of Czech and Slovak comics Generation Zero and the Czech Cartoonists ' Union .
Hans Ris was born in Bern , Switzerland on 15 June 1914 , where he also grew up .
P. Michael Conneally , Ph.D. , ( born 1931 ) is Distinguished Professor Emeritus at the Indiana University School of Medicine in the Department of Medical and Molecular Genetics .
Takis Loukanidis ( Greek : Τάκης Λουκανίδης , born 25 September 1937 ) is a retired Greek footballer .
Marina Charlotte Kalla , ( born 22 July 1987 ) is a Swedish cross - country skier who has been competing at international level since the 2003 - 2004 season .
Husein Huseinov ( born on 22 September 1951 in Ashgabat ) is a Turkmen painter and art director in films .
Nazzareno Belfasti ( born 15 July 1993 ) is an Italian footballer who currently plays for FeralpiSalò , on loan from Juventus F.C ..
Pak Chol ( Chosŏn'gŭl : 박철 ; born 8 November 1990 ) is a North Korean long - distance runner .
Fereydoun Moeini ( born 23 August 1946 ) is a retired Iranian football striker who has played all of his careers at Persepolis .
Philippe Chevrier ( born 17 December 1960 in Geneva ) is a Swiss chef .
Amadou Jawo ( born 29 September 1984 ) is a Swedish - Gambian footballer who plays for Djurgårdens IF as a striker .
Archibald Kennedy , 4th Marquess of Ailsa DL , JP , FSRGS ( 22 May 1872 -- 27 February 1943 ) , styled Earl of Cassilis until 1938 , was a Scottish peer , barrister and soldier .
Augusto Farfus Jr. ( born 3 September 1983 ) is a Brazilian BMW factory driver .
Sarah Cracknell ( born 12 April 1967 ; Chelmsford , Essex ) is an English singer - songwriter , best known as the lead singer of the electronic music band Saint Etienne .
Hans Maria Kneihs ( born 1943 ) is a leading performer and teacher of the recorder .
Kadijatu Kebbay ( born in 1986 in Freetown ) is a Sierra Leonean model and beauty queen who won Miss University Sierra Leone 2006 beauty contest and later represented Sierra Leone at the Miss World 2006 .
Wen Yongyi ( born 3 January 1987 in Liuzhou , Guangxi ) is a Chinese sprinter who specializes in the 100 metres .
Pierre Vimont ( born 15 June 1949 ) was the Executive Secretary - General of the European External Action Service ( EEAS ) .
Shaul Mishal was born on 1945 in Baghdad , Iraq and made aliyah with his family in 1951 and for next 8 years they lived in ma'abara Talpiot .
Dr. John Kassay ( 1919 in Bayonne , NJ -- February 17 , 2004 , in San Bruno , CA ) was an expert in Shaker and Windsor furniture as well as a skilled craftsman , draftsman and photographer .
Anwar Saifullah Khan ( Urdu : أنور سيف الله خان‎ ; born 7 June , 1946 ) is a Pakistani politician and industrialist .
Erik Hulzebosch ( born 17 June 1970 ) is a Dutch marathon speed skater , inline speed skater and part - time singer and blogger at his own website .
Richard Liversidge , naturalist , ornithologist and museum director , was born on 17 September 1926 in Blantyre , Nyasaland ( now Malawi ) , and died on 15 September 2003 in Kimberley , South Africa .
Esther Lanser ( born 6 January 1984 ) is a former Dutch international cricketer who played for the Dutch national side between 2010 and 2011 .
Josip Jurendić ( born 26 April 1987 ) is a Croatian football striker , currently playing for FK Dukla Prague .
Colonel Joel Stone ( 1749 - 1833 ) was a United Empire Loyalist and the founder of Gananoque , Ontario .
Sven Nyhus ( born 21 May 1932 ) is a Norwegian folk musician , fiddler , composer and musicologist .
John Aloysius Green was born in the parish of Moore , County Roscommon , Ireland , 10 December 1844 .
Sgt Win Cho ( born 10 August 1974 ) is a Burmese football referee .
Albert Drach ( 17 December 1902 -- 27 March 1995 ) was an Austrian - Jewish writer and lawyer .
Abraham Kirimi ( Hebrew : אברהם קירימי ? ; 1358 , Solhat -- 15th century ) was a Crimean rabbi of the 14th century .
Thomas Elmham ( 1364 -- in or after 1427 ) was an English chronicler .
Ardian Bujupi ( born 27 April 1991 ) is a Kosovar Albanian singer - songwriter .
Jeannine Achón ( born 1973 ) is a Cuban abstract painter .
Karl Barry Sharpless ( born 28 April 1941 ) is an American chemist known for his work on stereoselective reactions .
Pedro Rómoli ( born 16 July 1971 ) is a retired Argentine footballer who played as Goalkeeper , residing currently in Maracena .
Obed Mutanya ( born 10 August 1981 in Chingola ) is a Zambian long - distance and cross country runner .
Victor Delhez ( 1902 - -1985 ) , best known for his engravings , was born in Antwerp , Belgium , and died in Argentina .
Bojan Hodak ( born 4 May 1971 ) , is a former Croatian professional footballer and coach , who most recently managed Johor Darul Takzim in Malaysia Super League .
Władysław Skierkowski ( 1886 - -1941 ) was a Polish priest born in the peasant village of Głużek on 12 March 1886 .
Sir William Murray McPherson , KBE ( 17 September 1865 -- 26 July 1932 ) was an Australian philanthropist and politician .
Marco Aurélio dos Santos ( born 7 October 1974 ) , commonly known as Marquinho , is a former Brazilian futsal player who plays as a Pivot during his career .
Alfred Spinks FRS ( 25 February 1917 - - 11 February 1982 ) , was a British chemist and biologist who acted as president of the Chemical Society from 1979 - 1980 .
Sister Maria Consolata Betrone ( 6 April 1903 -- 18 July 1946 ) , baptised as Pierina Maria Betrone was a Catholic mystic and nun of the Franciscan Capuchine Order .
Zhang Chiming ( simplified Chinese : 张池明 ; traditional Chinese : 張池明 ; pinyin : Zhāng Chímíng ; born 7 January 1989 ) is a Chinese footballer who currently plays for Beijing Guoan in the Chinese Super League .
Lincoln Clarkes ( born 1957 , in Toronto ) is an award - winning photographer ( National Magazine Awards , silver ; Western Magazine Awards , gold ) , who has published three books , Heroines ( 2002 ) , Views ( 2005 ) and Cyclists ( 2013 ) and has been the subject of two documentary films .
Sheikh Hassan Yousef ( born in 1955 , Ramallah ) is one of the leaders of Hamas in the West Bank .
Alenka Zupančič ( born 1 April 1966 ) is a Slovenian philosopher whose work focuses on psychoanalysis and continental philosophy .
Hendrik - Jozef Antonissen ( 9 June 1737 -- 4 April 1794 ) was a Flemish painter of landscapes and cattle .
Henry Hamilton Beamish ( 2 June 1873 - 27 March 1948 ) was a leading British antisemite and the founder of The Britons .
Steve Linsdell , ( born 1955 , in Westoning , Bedfordshire ) , is a British motorcycle road racer , known mainly for his achievements aboard unlikely machines and in the Isle of Man TT .
Florent Rouamba ( born 31 December 1986 ) is a Burkinabé professional footballer , who currently plays in France for CA Bastia .
Jonathon Griffin ( born 14 January 1986 ) is an Australian rules footballer who plays for the Fremantle Football Club in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) , he previously played for the Adelaide Football Club .
Margaretha Sofia Zweygberg ( née Tilén ; 10 July 1828 -- 19 November 1883 ) was a Finnish textile wholesaler .
Albert Yeates ( 9 November 1860 -- 10 October 1941 ) was a pastoralist and businessman in Queensland and principal of the firm of Cudmore and Yeates .
Şükrü Sina Gürel ( born 1 January 1950 in Izmir ; transliterated as Sukru Sina Gurel ) is a Turkish diplomat and political figure who served as the nation 's foreign minister in mid-2002 .
Inaamulhaq ( born 14 November 1979 ) is an Indian actor and screenwriter who has appeared in Bollywood films , including Filmistaan .
Jonathan Rothschild ( born 1955 ) is an American lawyer and politician in his second term as mayor of Tucson , Arizona .
Zalman Reisen ( 1887 - 1940 ? ) was a lexicographer and literary historian of Yiddish literature .
Leonard Cyril Deighton ( /ˈdiːtən/ ; born 18 February 1929 ) , known as Len Deighton , is a British writer of novels , military history , screenplays and cookery writing , and is also a graphic artist .
Christian Tell ( 1808 -- 24 February 1884 ) was a Transylvanian - born Wallachian and Romanian politician .
Wolfgang Klotz ( born 4 November 1951 ) is a German former gymnast .
Robert Duncan James Shennan ( born 18 March 1962 , Wirral , Cheshire , better known as Bob Shennan ) is a British radio executive who was appointed as Controller of BBC Radio 2 and BBC Radio 6 Music in January 2009 .
Pavel Malcharek ( born 16 February 1986 ) is a Czech football centre forward who plays for FK Fotbal Třinec .
Arthur Lewbel ( born c. 1959 ) is the inaugural Patrick Roche Professor of Economics at Boston College , and is known in the fields of applied microeconomics and econometrics .
Henryk Cederbaum ( 1863 - -1928 ) was a Polish lawyer and one of the noted members of Warsaw 's bar in the early 20th century .
Robert Cribb ( 7 January 1805 -- 16 April 1893 ) was an Australian parliamentarian who represented the district of East Moreton in the New South Wales Legislative Assembly , and the districts of Town of Brisbane and East Moreton in the Queensland Legislative Assembly after the separation of Queensland from New South Wales .
Hirofumi Miyase ( Japanese : 宮瀬博文 , born 11 April 1971 ) is a Japanese professional golfer .
Armando Marenzzi ( born 16 March 1963 ) is Croatian football manager and former player .
Suzon Fuks ( born 1959 ) is an intermedia artist , choreographer and director exploring the integration and interaction of dance and moving image through performance , screen , installation and online work .
Tamás Péchy de Pécsújfalu ( 6 December 1828 -- 17 September 1897 ) was a Hungarian nobleman and politician , who served as Minister of Public Works and Transport ( 1875 - -1880 ) and as Speaker of the House of Representatives ( 1880 - -1892 ) .
Philippa Hanna ( born 29 March 1984 ) is a British singer - songwriter from Sheffield , England .
Václav Fišer ( born 9 July 1947 ) is a retired Czechoslovak and triple jumper .
John Peragallo Jr. ( 1932 - -2008 ) was the president of the Peragallo Pipe Organ Company .
Hei Zhi Hong ( born 18 September 1975 ) is a Hong Kong wushu athlete .
Peter Fredrik Wahlberg ( 19 June 1800 in Gothenburg -- 22 May 1877 in Stockholm ) was a Swedish entomologist and professor at the University College of Stockholm .
Malcolm John Eadie Fraser ( 4 March 1860 -- 8 January 1886 ) was a Scottish footballer , who played for Queen 's Park and Scotland in the 1870s and 1880s .
Sophie Lee ( born 7 August 1968 ) is an Australian film , stage and television actress and author .
Þór Whitehead ( Thor Whitehead ) ( born 19 August 1943 ) is an Icelandic historian .
Christopher Stollery ( or Chris Stollery ) ( born 12 August 1965 ) is an Australian television actor .
Jeremy Blackman ( born c. 1987 ) is an American actor , singer , songwriter , and musician .
Akira Komatsu ( born 3 April 1962 ) is a former Japanese football player .
Dieter Müller ( born Dieter Kaster on 1 April 1954 ) is a former German footballer .
Karl Wendlinger ( born 20 December 1968 ) is an Austrian professional racing and former Formula One driver .
Stephen Alvarez ( born 1965 ) is an American photojournalist who produces global stories about exploration , culture , religion , and the aftermath of conflict .
Anthony Mellington ( born 27 July 1974 ) is an Australian rules footballer who played with Fitzroy and North Melbourne in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) .
Giovanni Nepomuceno Della Croce ( Pressano di Lavis , 1736 - 1819 ) was an Italian painter , active in both Germany and Trentino in a late - Baroque style , depicting portraits and religious subjects .
Avraham Shochat ( Hebrew : אברהם שוחט‎ , born 14 June 1936 ) is a former Israeli politician who twice served as Minister of Finance .
Michael Smiley ( born 1963 ) is a Northern Irish comic and actor who lives in London .
Duane Akina ( born c. 1958 ) is the defensive backs coach for the Stanford Cardinal football team .
Philip Henry Gosse ( 6 April 1810 -- 23 August 1888 ) , known to his friends as Henry , was an English naturalist and popularizer of natural science , virtually the inventor of the seawater aquarium , and a painstaking innovator in the study of marine biology .
Colonel Epitace Bayaganakandi ( born 1956 ) is a Burundian politician .
Okan Yılmaz ( born on 16 May 1978 ) is a Turkish professional footballer .
David Faiman ( born 1944 in the United Kingdom ) is an Israeli engineer and physicist .
Litza Bixler ( born 25 August 1970 ) is an American and British film choreographer , Artistic Director and Writer .
John Faull ( born 30 June 1933 ) was a Welsh international number 8 who played club rugby for Swansea .
David Caiado Dias ( born 2 May 1987 ) , known as Caiado , is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays for Spanish club SD Ponferradina as a winger .
Sengge Rinchen ( Mongolian : ᠰᠡᠩᠭᠡᠷᠢᠨᠼᠡᠨ Sengerinchen , Chinese : 僧格林沁 ; Tibetan : སེང་གེ་རིན་ཆེན། , 1811 -- 18 May 1865 ) was a Mongol nobleman and general who served under the Qing dynasty during the reigns of the Daoguang , Xianfeng and Tongzhi emperors .
Ranko Despotović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Ранко Деспотовић ; born 21 January 1983 ) is a Serbian footballer who plays for Spanish club Cádiz CF as a striker .
Ann Rachlin MBE ( born 1933 ) , is a pioneer of music appreciation for children in the UK , and the founder of `` Fun With Music '' .
Saima Chowdhury ( Bengali : সায়মা চৌধুরী ; born 5 October 1993 ) , also known by the stage name Saimasmileslike , is an English photographer and video blogger who is best known for uploading fashion tutorials on YouTube .
Jonathan Jennings ( March 27 , 1784 - - July 26 , 1834 ) was the first governor of Indiana and a nine - term congressman from Indiana .
Mohammed Wali Zazi ( born 1955 in Afghanistan ) , currently a naturalized U.S. citizen residing in Arapahoe County , Colorado , is a suspect in matters related to terrorism .
William Denton Cox ( 1883 -- 15 April 1912 ) was a third class steward aboard RMS Titanic who died while bringing groups of third class passengers to lifeboats during the sinking .
Rose Ann Scamardella ( born 1947 ) is a former anchorwoman of WABC - TV 's Eyewitness News in New York City , and the inspiration for Gilda Radner 's character `` Roseanne Roseannadanna '' on Saturday Night Live .
Ivan Perišić ( Croatian pronunciation : ( ǐʋan pěriʃitɕ ) ; born 2 February 1989 ) is a Croatian professional footballer who plays for Italian club Inter .
Wilhelm von Boldensele ( c. 1285 -- 1338/1339 ) was a German knight and oriental traveler from Lower Saxony .
Irina Lăzăreanu ( Romanian pronunciation : ( iriˈna ləzəˈre̯anu ) ; born 8 June 1982 ) is a Romanian Canadian model .
Ali Sleiman ( Arabic : علي سليمان‎ ; born 28 March 1947 ) is a Lebanese fencer .
Indira Nath ( born 14 January 1938 ) is an Indian immunologist .
Imre Szekeres ( born 9 September 1950 ) is a Hungarian politician of the Hungarian Socialist Party ( MSZP ) and former Minister of Defense .
Tim Progosh ( 1957 ) is a Canadian actor and producer / creator of the Canadian Comedy Awards , an annual awards show held since 2000 in Toronto ( 2000 - -2002 ) and London , Ontario ( 2003 - -present ) .
Kristin Baker ( b. 1975 , Stamford , Connecticut ) is a painter based in New York .
Admiral Sir Archibald Lucius Douglas , GCB , GCVO ( 8 February 1842 -- 12 March 1913 ) was a Royal Navy officer of the 19th century .
Rudi Vogt ( born 30 January 1983 ) is a former South African rugby union footballer , who played as a full - back , fly - half and wing .
Gil Tucker ( born 23 August 1947 ) is an Australian television actor , most remembered for his role as Constable Roy Baker in the television crime drama Cop Shop .
Simon van der Stel ( 14 October 1639 -- 24 June 1712 ) was the last Commander and first Governor of the Cape Colony , the Dutch settlement at the Cape of Good Hope in South Africa .
Michael Bridges ( born 5 August 1978 ) is an English football striker who plays for Lambton Jaffas FC in the NBN State Football League .
Kim Splidsboel ( born 25 November 1955 ) is a Danish football manager and former professional player .
Wayne Mardle ( born 10 May 1973 in Dagenham ) is an English former professional darts player for the Professional Darts Corporation , and former player in the BDO .
Madhu Limaye , son of Ramchandra Mahadev Limaye , was born in Pune on 1 May 1922 .
Craig McAllister ( born 28 June 1980 ) is a Scottish semi - professional footballer who plays as a striker for National League South club Sutton United .
Marieta Riera ( born 23 December 1963 ) is a retired Venezuelan track and field athlete who competed in the women 's javelin throw competition during her career .
Yevgeny Rybakov ( Russian : Евгений Николаевич Рыбаков ; born 27 February 1985 ) is a Russian long - distance runner who competes in the long - distance track and road events .
Dario Campeotto ( born 1 February 1939 ) is a Danish singer , actor , and entertainer .
Mortimer Sellers ( M.N.S. Sellers ) ( born 1959 ) is Regents Professor of the University System of Maryland and President of the International Association for Philosophy of Law and Social Philosophy ( IVR ) .
Per Wimmer ( born 1968 ) is a Danish philanthropist , space advocate , entrepreneur , financier and author .
Cory L. Richards ( born 1948 in Omaha , Nebraska ; died April 4 , 2013 in Washington , District of Columbia ) was an American activist for birth control and abortion rights .
Simon Diedong Dombo ( 1925 - -1998 ) was a Ghanaian politician , teacher and king .
Reginald Walter Maudslay ( 1 September 1871 -- 14 December 1934 ) was a British car manufacturer and founder of the Standard Motor Company .
Marie Anne Doublet ( 23 August 1677 -- May 1771 ) , known as Doublet de Persan , Legendre , was a French scholar , writer and salonnière .
Dimitris Varos ( Greek : Δημήτρης Βάρος ) was born in 1949 on the island of Chios .
Ghulam Sakhi Hazara ( born 1986 ) is a Hazara Australian artist .
Matthew Warchus ( born 24 October 1966 ) is a British director and dramatist .
Tyler Simpson ( 28 August 1985 -- 26 May 2011 ) was an Australian football ( soccer ) player who played as a Central or Right Back .
Piero Stivanello ( born 26 March 1957 in Turin ) is an Italian retired football player and manager .
Lee Mitchell ( born 8 September 1988 in Billinge , Merseyside ) is an English rugby league player for Batley Bulldogs in the Championship .
Kjell Magne Yri ( born 5 November 1943 ) is a Norwegian priest , linguist and translator .
Yogi Vilasnath Maharaj ( born 19 September 1957 ) is a famous Guru of Natha Tradition , who is making a lot of efforts for the development and spreading of tradition in India and abroad .
Mary Sojourner ( born 1940 ) is an American novelist , NPR commentator , columnist and environmental and social justice activist .
Jan Vansina ( born 14 September 1929 ) is a Belgian historian and anthropologist specializing in Africa .
Hilmi M. Zawati , D.C.L. , Ph.D. , ( Arabic : حلمي زواتي ; born in 1953 in Nablus ) is an international criminal law and human rights jurist and the current Chair of the International Centre for Legal Accountability and Justice ( ICLAJ ) .
Tamara Divišková ( born 9 July 1934 in Brno ) is a Czech ceramist and costume designer .
Michael Semanick ( born 1963 ) is an American sound engineer , credited as a sound re - recording mixer .
Tal Friedman ( Hebrew : טל פרידמן ; born 20 December 1963 ) is an Israeli comedian , actor and musician .
Lawrence Michael Brown FRS ( born 18 March 1936 ) is a British material scientist .
Sir Robert Malpas CBE FREng FRSA ( born 9 August 1927 ) is a British engineer and business man .
Paulette Jiles - Johnson ( born 4 April 1943 ) is an American - born Canadian poet and novelist .
Dominic Littlewood ( born 29 March 1965 ) is a British television presenter and journalist who specialises in consumer affairs .
Carl Ulisses von Salis - Marschlins or Karl or Charles ( 28 September 1762 Marschlins -16 January 1818 ) was a Swiss naturalist interested in botany , entomology , and conchology .
Tom Cone ( born Thomas Edward Cone , 1947 -- April 2012 ) was a Canadian - American playwright and librettist .
Jacques Bidet ( French : ( bidɛ ) ; born 1935 ) is a French philosopher and social theorist .
Per Mårtensson ( born 1967 in Östersund ) is a Swedish composer and teacher .
Seán Mac Brádaigh , Irish genealogist and historian , born 1932 .
Trish Vradenburg ( born 1946 ) is an American playwright , author , television writer , and advocate of research to cure Alzheimer 's disease .
Dr. Anders Birger Bohlin ( 1898 -- 1990 ) was a Swedish palaeontologist .
Carl Oliver Jr. ( born 30 January 1969 ) is a Bahamian former track and field sprinter who specialised in the 400 metres .
Igor Matić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Игор Матић ; born 22 July 1981 ) is a Serbian footballer who plays as a deep - lying playmaker for SuperLiga club Čukarički .
Joel Monroe ( 1793 - -1877 ) was the man who gave Monroeville , Pennsylvania its name .
Brendon Bolton ( born 18 April 1979 ) is the senior coach of the Carlton Football Club in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) .
Anna Hämäläinen ( born 24 March 1994 , in Moscow ) is a Finnish athlete who specialises in the 200 metres .
Doron Weber ( born 1955 ) is an American author best known for his memoir , Immortal Bird :
Alba Trissina ( born 1622 ) was an Italian composer .
Patrick Hürlimann ( born 9 July 1963 ) is a Swiss curler , Olympic champion , and Vice - President of the World Curling Federation ( WCF ) .
Victoria Barnsley OBE ( born 4 March 1954 ) is a British businesswoman and entrepreneur .
Margaret B. Blackman ( born 1944 ) is an anthropologist known for her work with the Haida First Nation of the Queen Charlotte Islands of British Columbia , Canada , beginning in the 1970s .
Abigail Hyndman ( born 1990 ) is a beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Miss British Virgin Islands 2011 , was represented of the British overseas territory in the 2012 Miss Universe pageant .
Johan Christian Constantin Brun ( 27 November 1746 -- 19 February 1836 ) was a German - Danish merchant .
Lee Young - min ( born 1 December 1905 -- 1954 ) was a South Korean football , athletics , and baseball player , manager , and promoter .
Charles Edmond Henri de Coussemaker , known as Edmond de Coussemaker , born on 19 April 1805 in Belle , died on 10 January 1876 in Bourbourg , was a schooled jurist .
Ben Boloff ( 1893 - -1932 ) was a Soviet Russian communist who lived in Portland , Oregon .
Mikhail Turovsky ( Ukrainian : Михайло Туровський ; born in 1933 in Kiev , in the Ukrainian SSR of the Soviet Union ) is an American artist - painter , and writer - aphorist , resident in New York since 1979 .
Niall Lucy ( 11 November 1956 - 5 June 2014 ) was an Australian writer and scholar best known for his work in deconstruction .
Henry Allison ( born 14 July 1828 in Campbell Town , Tasmania ) , was an Australian cricket player , who played two first - class cricket matches for Tasmania .
Michael Deeley ( born 6 August 1932 ) is a British film producer for such motion pictures as The Italian Job , The Deer Hunter and Blade Runner .
Salvador Crespo Romera ( born 21 October 1983 in Albacete ) is a Spanish athlete specializing in the 800 metres .
Valmik Thapar ( born 1952 ) is an Indian naturalist , conservationist and writer .
Edward Stobart ( 21 November 1954 -- 31 March 2011 ) was a British haulage company owner who first became involved with his father 's company aged 15 in 1969 , and subsequently expanded it into one of the UK 's most well known multimodal logistics companies , Stobart Group .
Arnulf Kolstad ( born 23 April 1942 in Oslo ) is a Norwegian social psychologist .
Zygi Kamasa ( born 12 November 1969 ) is a Swedish - British entertainment studio executive and film executive producer .
Fernando Trueba ( born 18 January 1955 ) is a book editor , screenwriter , film director and producer .
Lionel Nshole Makondi ( born 25 February 1995 ) is a DR Congolese footballer who currently plays for Heist on loan from KV Mechelen as a striker .
Edwin van Gelder ( born 21 January 1978 , Nijmegen ) is a Dutch graphic designer and art director based in Amsterdam .
Dillon Battistini ( born 3 December 1977 ) is an English - born racecar driver from Ewell .
Sune Larsson ( born 21 June 1930 ) was a former Swedish cross country skier who competed during the 1950s .
Ümit Korkmaz ( born 17 September 1985 ) is an Austrian footballer of Turkish descent who plays as a winger for Çaykur Rizespor and the Austria national football team .
Mary Kay Henry ( born 1958 ) is an American labor union activist who was elected International President of the Service Employees International Union ( SEIU ) on May 8 , 2010 .
Darren Barker ( 19 May 1982 ) is a British former professional boxer who held the IBF , British , Commonwealth and European middleweight titles .
Manuel P. Asensio ( born December 30 , 1954 in La Habana , Cuba ) is a money manager in New York best known for his pioneering work as an activist short - seller .
Michael Ware ( born 25 March 1969 ) is an Australian journalist formerly with CNN and was for several years based in their Baghdad bureau .
Cristiano Piccini ( born 26 September 1992 ) is an Italian footballer who plays for Spanish club Real Betis as a right back .
Kristine Jarinovska ( born 22 August 1977 ) is legal scientist , doctor of laws Dr. iur .
Robert Trunz ( born 3 April 1954 ) is a Swiss born music producer , businessman and sound expert .
Sergei Sarana ( born 7 December 1978 ) is a professional footballer .
Melissa Perello ( born 1976 ) , is an American chef best known for holding a Michelin star at her restaurant Frances .
Caroline Gibello ( born 1974 ) , is a South African fine art nature photographer .
Guzel Khubbieva ( born 2 May 1976 ) is an Uzbekistani sprinter who specializes in the 100 and 200 metres .
Evelyn Simpson Curenton ( born 1953 ) is a leading African - American composer , pianist , organist , and vocalist .
Bendik Baksaas ( born 1991 in Oslo , Norway ) is a jazz and electronica musician who has got some attention in the recent past , including through performances at places like Turkish Delight , Brukbar and Rockefeller .
Jari Vandeputte ( born 14 February 1996 ) is a Belgian professional footballer who plays for FC Eindhoven , on loan from Gent , in the Dutch Eerste Divisie .
Krzysztof Kosiński , also Kryshtof Kosynsky of Rawicz Coat of Arms ( Ukrainian : Криштоф Косинський , Kryshtof Kosynsky ; Polish : Krzysztof Kosiński ; 1545 - -93 ) was a Polish noble of Ruthenian origin from the Podlachia region .
Mohammed Ijaz Butt ( born 10 March 1938 , Sialkot , Punjab , British India ) is a former Pakistani cricketer who played in eight Tests from 1959 to 1962 .
Kepler de Souza Oliveira Filho ( born 16 February 1956 ) , also known as S. O. Kepler , is a Brazilian astronomer primarily known for his work on white dwarfs , variable stars , and magnetars .
Richard William Hunt ( 11 April 1908 - 13 November 1979 ) , was a scholar , grammarian , palaeographer , editor , and author of a number of books about medieval history and the Keeper of Western Manuscripts at the Bodleian Library , Oxford , from 1945 to 1975 .
Kim Watkins ( born 22 September 1967 ) is an Australian television and news presenter .
Caio De Cenco ( born 5 May 1989 ) is an Italian Brazilian professional footballer who plays for Italian Third Tier ( Serie C ) club Pordenone .
Professor Jake Kaner ( born 1959 ) is Professor of Furniture at Buckinghamshire New University , and a member of the Institute of Conservation .
Supreme Master ( or `` Suma '' ) Ching Hai , ( born 12 May 1950 ) , is the spiritual teacher of the Quan Yin Method with an estimated 20,000 followers worldwide .
Arthur C. Forbes ( 1866- ) was an English forestry expert .
Sandrine Holt ( Chinese : 何家蓓 ; born 19 November 1972 ) is an English - Canadian model and actress .
Ulisse Caputo ( Salerno , 1872 - 1948 ) was an Neapolitan painter who resided in Paris .
Rishi Bachan ( born 4 November 1986 , in Barrackpore , Trinidad and Tobago ) , his bowling style is slow left arm offbreak , and is a right - handed batsman .
Goran Tomić ( born 18 March 1977 ) is a retired professional Croatian footballer , now manager of Chinese League One side Zhejiang Yiteng .
Belinda Carroll ( born 22 July 1945 , in Oxfordshire ) is an English stage and television actress .
Thomas Pattenden ( born 5 January 1742 at East Peckham , Kent ; died 10 November 1791 at East Peckham ) was a noted English cricketer who played for Kent in the 1760s and 1770s .
Eddie Regan ( 11 September 1909 -- 2 April 1988 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Essendon in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Dr. Thomas Masterman Winterbottom ( 26 March 1766 , South Shields -- 8 July 1859 ) was an English physician , philanthropist and abolitionist remembered for describing African trypanosomiasis and the associated Winterbottom 's sign .
Lorraine Pintal ( born September 24 , 1951 ) is a Quebec actor , director , producer and playwright .
James W. Nichol ( born in 1940 in Toronto ) is a Canadian playwright and novelist .
Rolf Göran Lennmarker ( born 7 December 1943 in Norberg , Västmanland County ) is a Swedish moderate politician who has been a member of the Riksdag from 1991 to 2010 .
Jamesy Kelleher ( 1878 -- 10 January 1943 ) was an Irish hurler who played as a full - back for the Cork senior team .
Helena Hernmarck ( born in Stockholm , Sweden , 1941 ) is a Swedish tapestry artist who lives and works in the United States .
Digno García ( Luque , 1919 - 4 February 1984 ) was a Paraguayan harpist .
Dua Lipa ( /ˈduːə ˈliːpə/ ; born 22 August 1995 ) is an English singer , songwriter , and model .
Geoffrey Douglas ( born 1944 ) is an American author and journalist and adjunct professor of writing at the University of Massachusetts / Lowell .
Michalis Papakonstantinou ( Greek : Μιχάλης Παπακωνσταντίνου ; November 1 , 1919 -- January 17 , 2010 ) was a Greek politician and author .
Christopher Seaman ( born 7 March 1942 , Faversham ) is a British conductor , the son of Albert Edward Seaman and Ethel Margery Seaman .
Zhang Zongxun ( Chinese : 张宗逊 ; pinyin : Zhāng Zōngxùn ; 1908 - -1998 ) was a general of the People 's Liberation Army of China .
Luke Leahy ( born 19 November 1992 ) is an English footballer who plays for Falkirk in the Scottish Championship .
Mikael Fortelius ( born 1 February 1954 ) is Professor of Evolutionary Palaeontology at the University of Helsinki and the coordinator of the Neogene of the Old World database of fossil mammals .
Christine Morrow is an Australian artist , born in the UK in 1971 to a French mother and Scottish father .
Sean Thornley ( born 31 May 1989 ) is a British tennis player , best known for playing on the doubles circuit with David Rice .
Frederick St John Newdigate Barne ( 5 September 1842 -- 25 January 1898 ) was a British army officer and a Conservative politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1876 to 1885 .
Vittorio Grünwald ( Verona , Italy , 13 June 1855 -- Florence , Italy , March 1943 ) was an Italian professor of mathematics and German language .
Rainer Froese , born 25 August 1950 in Wismar , Germany , is a senior scientist at the Helmholtz Center for Ocean Research ( GEOMAR ) in Kiel , formerly the Leibniz Institute of Marine Sciences ( IFM - GEOMAR ) , and a Pew Fellow in Marine Conservation .
Manuel Jesualdo Ferreira ( born 24 May 1946 ) is a Portuguese football manager who is the current manager of Qatari club Al Sadd SC .
Carlos Alberto Scolari ( born 1963 Rosario , Argentina ) is a communication researcher expert in digital media , interfaces and communication ecology .
Orest Klympush ( Ukrainian : Орест Дмитрович Климпуш ; born 14 February 1941 ) is a Ukrainian engineer , politician , diplomat .
Mark Durkan MP ( born 26 June 1960 ) is an Irish SDLP politician from Northern Ireland .
Helga Stene ( 8 October 1904 -- 2 October 1983 ) was a Norwegian educator , feminist and resistance member .
Kjetil Rolness ( born 13 July 1961 ) is a Norwegian sociologist , writer , lecturer and entertainer .
Douglas George Ross ( born 6 April 1897 ) was a British police officer who served as Chief Constable of Sutherland from 1933 to 1962 .
Lee Sing - man ( born 1944 ) , commonly known as `` Uncle Man '' , is a paper - tearing artist in Hong Kong .
Luis Fernando Correa Bahamon ( born 23 April 1955 ) is a Colombian business man , philanthropist , and investor .
Herberto Dumé ( born in 1929 ) is best known for his theater direction .
Ulrike Frank ( born 1 February 1969 ) is a German actress known for her portrayal of Katrin Flemming on the daily drama Gute Zeiten , schlechte Zeiten .
K. T. Kunjumon ( Tamil : கே.டி.குஞ்சுமோன் ; born on 15 November 1953 ) is a Tamil film producer and writer .
Draja Mickaharic ( Serbian : Драја Микахарић , Bosnian : Draja Mikaharić , born 10 April 1912 ) is a Bosnian - born American author , occultist and authority on hoodoo .
Jack Train ( 28 November 1902 -- 19 December 1966 ) was a British radio and film actor popular during the Second World War .
Gunnel Pettersson , born 1960 in Malmö , is a Swedish artist who lives and works in Simrishamn and Malmö .
Marshall Claxton ( 12 May 1811 -- 28 July 1881 ) was an English subject , genre , landscape and portrait painter .
Nathan Pacheco ( born 1980 ) is an American singer / songwriter born in Virginia , and is of Brazilian descent .
Arun Shourie ( born 2 November 1941 ) is an Indian journalist , author and politician .
Fatma Zohra Zamoum ( born 19 January 1967 ) is a Franco - Algerian writer , filmmaker and educator .
Luís Fábio Gomes ( born 11 November 1975 ) is Brazilian football player .
Tenzin Ösel Hita ( born 12 February 1985 in Bubión , Granada , Spain ) is a Tibetan Buddhist tulku and an aspiring filmmaker from Spain .
Reuben Butler ( born 1890 ) was an English footballer who played as centre forward .
Carl Gustaf Pilo ( 5 March 1711 -- 2 March 1793 ) was a Swedish - born artist and painter , one of many 18th - century European artists who had to leave their own country in order to make a living .
Leonor Silveira ( born 28 October 1970 ) is a Portuguese film actress who made her film debut in The Cannibals for director Manoel de Oliveira in 1988 .
Teodor Balș ( August , 1805 -- March 1 , 1857 ) was a caimacam ( temporary replacement of Prince ; from Turkish : kaymakam ) who ruled Moldavia between July 20 , 1856 and March 1 , 1857 .
Will Santillo ( July , 1953 , White Plains , New York ) is an American / Canadian photographer , known for his work in the realm of erotic fine art photography .
Henri Van den Bulcke ( 1889 - -1947 ) was a Belgian ice hockey player and administrator .
Josef Szeiler ( 7 August 1948 in Sankt Michael i m Burgenland ) is an Austrian theatre director .
Alison Rogers ( born in 1966 in Little Rock , Arkansas ) is an American journalist and real estate broker .
Samuel Lapham VI was born on 23 September 1892 in Charleston , South Carolina to Samuel Lapham V and Annie Grey Soule ( a direct descendant of Pilgrim George Soule ) .
Yadigar Görür ( born 16 September 1970 ) is a former German footballer who played as a Striker and currently the performance coach of Lokomotivi Tbilisi .
Mansur al - Atrash ( Arabic : منصور الأطرش‎ ; 3 February 1925 -- 14 November 2006 ) was a Syrian politician and journalist .
Yoni Tabac ( born 21 April 1980 ) is an Israeli actor of Romanian descent who is best known for his role in the film Polanski .
Corrie Erickson ( born 1981 ) in Northfield , Minnesota is an oil painter , graphic designer , Tattoo artist and former protege of famed commercial artist John Berkey .
Gilles Ruyssen ( born 18 June 1994 ) is a Belgian professional footballer who plays for Westerlo as a center back .
Luigi Visconti , better known by his stage name Fanfulla , ( 26 February 1913 -- 5 January 1971 ) was an Italian actor and comedian .
Barry Stanton ( born 23 January 1941 ) is an Australian rock'n'roll musician .
Ann Shola Orloff ( born 1953 ) is an American sociologist , specializing in Comparative - Historical Sociology , Gender and Social Inequalities , Sociological Theory and Political Sociology .
Ardian Đokaj ( Montenegrin : Ардијан Ђокај , Adrijan Đokaj or Ardijan Djokaj , Albanian : Ardian Gjokaj ) ( born on 23 May 1979 in Titograd , Montenegro , SFR Yugoslavia ) is a Montenegrin - Albanian football left winger .
Jane Holderness - Roddam , CBE , LVO ( née Bullen ) was born on 1 July 1948 in Charmouth , Dorset and is a British event rider , winning Badminton Horse Trials in 1968 ( on Our Nobby ) and 1978 ( on Warrior ) .
Alfred Taylor Howard ( born 12 March 1868 ) was a Bishop of the Church of the United Brethren in Christ , elected in 1913 .
Mokdad Sifi ( Arabic : مقداد سيفي‎ ; born 21 April 1940 ) is an Algerian politician .
Luis Gerónimo Abreu was born in Caracas on 7 September 1972 to Luis Abreu , an actor and theater director and Haydée Ascanio , television and film screenwriter and producer .
Humberto Rivas Mijares ( 1918 - -1981 ) was a Venezuelan writer , journalist and diplomat .
Umberto Risi ( born 31 December 1940 ) is a retired Italian steeplechase runner .
Darius Defoe ( born 30 October 1984 in Dominica ) , is a current British Professional Basketball player .
Franchinus Gaffurius ( Franchino Gaffurio ; 14 January 1451 -- 25 June 1522 ) was an Italian music theorist and composer of the Renaissance .
DJ Trexx is a pseudonym of Swedish actor , producer and writer Michael Lindgren ( born 14 March 1978 in Stockholm ) , who is a part of the Grotesco comedy collective .
Alan Dinnie ( born 14 May 1963 ) is a Scottish former professional footballer who played as a right back .
Inessa Lisovskaya ( also Lissovskaya ; Russian : Инесса Лисовская ; ( Belarusian : Iнэса Лiсоуская ; born 1964 ) is a retired Soviet individual rhythmic gymnast . She won a silver medal in the team exercise at the 1981 World Championships in Munich and three bronze medals at the 1980 European Championships in Amsterdam .
Sherif Fawzy ( Arabic : شريف فوزى‎ ) ( born 2 June 1990 ) is an Egyptian footballer who plays as a Goalkeeper for Egyptian Premier League side Zamalek
Dr Israel Herbert Scheinberg ( c. 1919 -- April 4 , 2009 ) was a physician who specialized in Wilson 's disease and other rare hereditary diseases .
Harry Brus ( born April 1949 , in Graz , Austria ) is an Australian bass player and guitarist , best known for his work with Matt Finish , Kevin Borich , Renée Geyer , Australian Crawl , Leo Sayer , Marcia Hines , Jimmy Barnes , Ross Wilson and Billy Thorpe .
Marko Antila ( born 1969 ) is a Finnish film producer and director .
Joonas Miquel - Barbadillo ( born 19 July 1997 ) is a Finnish junior ice hockey player currently playing for the Luxembourg Huskies u18 team who play in the French league , in the u18 3 division .
Daniel Fathers ( born 23 March 1966 ) is an English actor known for portraying Brown Cessario in the film Camp Rock and its sequel Camp Rock 2 :
Benjamín Brea ( 18 September 1946 -- 23 April 2014 ) was a Spanish - born Venezuelan musician , arranger and teacher , mostly associated with jazz , even though he had the advantage to play several music genres in various bands as a soloist as well as sideman and conductor .
John O'Donohue ( 1 January 1956 -- 4 January 2008 ) was an Irish poet , author , priest , and Hegelian philosopher .
Steven Sivyer ( born 1974 ) is a composer and organist currently based in Kent .
Łukasz Różycki ( ( wuˈkaʂ ruˈʐɨt͡ski ) ; born 1979 in Warsaw , Poland ) is a Polish pair skater who competed with Aneta Kowalska .
Katherine Press ( born 1992 ) is an English actress , best known for her role as Hannah in Stephen Poliakoff 's 2013 BBC series Dancing on the Edge .
Kaşif Kozinoğlu ( 1955 , Trabzon - 13 November 2011 , Istanbul ) was a senior Turkish intelligence official in the National Intelligence Organization ( MIT ) .
Edward Sheil ( 1851 -- 3 July 1915 ) was Irish nationalist politician .
Mícheál Ó Muircheartaigh ( Irish pronunciation : ( mʲiːçaːl̪ˠ oː mˠɪɾʲçaɾˠt̪ˠiː ) ; born 20 August 1930 ) is an Irish Gaelic games commentator for the Irish national radio and television , RTÉ .
John Englart ( born 1955 ) , pseudonym Takver , is an Australian citizen journalist , photojournalist , Videographer and blogger from Melbourne .
Tilyenji Kaunda ( born 1954 ) is a Zambian politician who is the President of the United National Independence Party ( UNIP ) .
Pablo Pineda ( born 1974 ) is a Spanish actor who received the Silver Shell award at the 2009 San Sebastián International Film Festival for his performance in the film Yo Tambien .
Raven Chacon ( born December 1977 in Fort Defiance , Navajo Nation , Arizona , United States ) is an American composer and artist .
Sanjay Bhende ( born 18 October 1970 ) is the Chairman of Nagpur Nagarik Sahakari Bank Ltd , Nagpur .
Leila Araghian ( Persian : لیلا عراقیان‎‎ ; born in 1983 ) , is an Iranian architect .
Gautier le Leu ( born 1210 ? ) , sometimes referred to as Gautier le Long , was a French minstrel who wrote in the middle of the 13th century .
Pandit Ajoy Chakrabarty ( Bengali : অজয় চক্রবর্তী ; born 25 December 1952 ) is an Indian Hindustani classical vocalist , composer , lyricist and Guru , poised nearly as a cult figure among all the legendary Indian Classical Musicians .
Victor Brox ( born May 1940 , Ashton - under - Lyne , Lancashire ) is a British blues musician from Manchester , England .
Johan Golden ( born 9 June 1974 ) is a Norwegian comedian , musician , politician and radio and television presenter .
Chung Yun - hee ( Korean : 정윤희 ; born 3 January 1983 ) is a South Korean long - distance runner and marathon race specialist .
Andrew Mitchell Thomson ( 1779 - -1831 ) was a minister of the Church of Scotland , known as an evangelical activist and political reformer .
Eustachy Trepka ( born around 1510 , died October 17 , 1558 ) was a Polish Lutheran theologian , pastor , and translator .
Xavier Minniecon ( born 4 July 1967 ) is a former Australian television weather presenter .
Leila Nadya Sadat ( born 1960 in Newark , New Jersey ) is the Henry H. Oberschelp Professor of Law at Washington University School of Law and the Director of the Whitney R. Harris World Law Institute .
Paula Santiago ( born 1969 in Guadalajara ) is a Mexican mixed media artist whose works have been displayed at the Monterrey Museum of Modern Art and several galleries in Europe and North America .
Torgeir Vassvik ( born 3 October 1962 in Gamvik ) is a Norwegian Sami musician and composer .
John Talbott Donoghue ( 1853 -- July 1 , 1903 ) was an American artist who was born in Chicago .
Luke Phillips ( born 4 August 1975 ) is an Australian professional rugby league football referee and former player .
Susan Tom ( born 1948 ) is a woman from Fairfield , California , who became famous when HBO aired a documentary , `` My Flesh and Blood , '' about her in 2003 .
Ori Gersht ( born 1967 ) is an Israeli fine art photographer .
Marie - Claire Baldenweg ( born 27 March 1954 ) is a Swiss--
Albert Midlane ( 23 January 1825 -- 27 February 1909 ) was a British poet who wrote several hundred hymns , most notably `` There 's a Friend for Little Children '' .
Charles Macpherson FRAM ( 1870 - -1927 ) was a Scottish organist , who served at St Paul 's Cathedral .
Tue Greenfort ( born 1973 ) is a Danish artist best known for his environmentalist works .
Mihails Smorodins ( born 1952 in Saldus ) is a former Latvian football striker , one of the best goalscorers in the history of the Latvian league .
Mostafa Ronaghi ( born 1968 ) is an Iranian molecular biologist , specializing in DNA sequencing methodology .
Patrick D'Rozario ( born 1 October 1943 , Padrishibpur , Barisal , British India , now Bangladesh ) is the Catholic Archbishop of the archdiocese of Dhaka , making him the highest ranked priest of the Roman Catholic Church in Bangladesh .
Valerie Lilley ( born 14 April 1939 ) is a Northern Irish actress who has played many television roles on dramas such as Doctors and Grange Hill .
Dorothea Glenys Thornton , Baroness Thornton ( born 16 October 1952 ) , known as Glenys Thornton , is a Labour and Co - operative member of the House of Lords .
Chris Karagulleyan ( born 1968 in Beirut , Lebanon ) is a professional gambler now living in Glendale , California , United States .
Lukas Biewald ( born 1981 in Massachusetts ) is an entrepreneur living in San Francisco , California .
Nertil Ferraj ( born 11 September 1987 in Tiranë ) is an Albanian footballer who played recently for Albanian Superliga side Kukësi as a midfielder .
Hawise of Chester , 1st Countess of Lincoln suo jure ( 1180- 6 June 1241/3 May 1243 ) , was an Anglo - Norman noblewoman and a wealthy heiress .
Constantine Manasses ( Greek : Κωνσταντῖνος Μανασσῆς ; c. 1130 - c. 1187 ) was a Byzantine chronicler who flourished in the 12th century during the reign of Manuel I Komnenos ( 1143 - 1180 ) .
Thomas Timothy Vernon - Kell ( born 10 May 1981 ) is a self - taught multi - instrumentalist musician who works under the name of Tom Vek .
Ross Batty ( born 20 September 1986 in England ) a former Barnard Castle School pupil , is a rugby union player for the Bath in the Aviva Premiership .
Beate Jasch ( born 16 January 1959 ) is a retired German swimmer who won a silver medal at the 1974 European Aquatics Championships .
Yehezkel Zakai ( Hebrew : יחזקאל זכאי‎ , born 24 April 1932 ) is an Israeli former politician who served as a member of the Knesset for the Alignment between 1977 and 1984 .
Nick Pollard ( born 1950 ) is a British journalist and the former head of Sky News .
Andy Cox ( born Andrew Cox 25 January 1956 ) is a British guitarist , who along with Dave Wakeling , founded The Beat in 1978 .
Nicolas Vaporidis ( Greek : Νικόλας Βαπορίδης ) ( born 22 December 1981 ) is an Italian actor , film producer , and novelist .
Ramajogayya Sastry Darivemula ( born 24 August 1970 ) is an Indian film lyricist , known for his works in Telugu Cinema .
Luo Pinchao ( June 1912 -- July 15 , 2010 ) was a Cantonese opera stage actor who started to perform in 1930 .
Nina Serrano ( born 1934 ) is an American poet , writer , storyteller , and independent media producer who lives in Oakland , California .
Zsuzsa Mary also known as Zsuzsi Mary ( 13 October 1947 -- 24 December 2011 ) was a Hungarian pop singer .
Richard Martini ( born 12 March 1955 ) is an award - winning American film director , producer , screenwriter and freelance journalist .
Margaret Sibthorp , née Shurmer , ( c. 1835 -- 23 May 1916 ) edited the `` pioneering women 's periodical '' Shafts from 1892 until 1899 .
Ming Kipa ( Nepali : मिङ किपा शेर्पा ) ( born 1988 ) is a Nepalese Sherpa girl who held the record as the youngest person to climb Mount Everest from 2003 to 2010 .
Dame Denise Platt , DBE , FRSA ( born 21 February 1945 ) is a British civil servant .
Arthur Disbrowe Cotton , OBE ( 15 January 1879 -- 27 December 1962 ) was an English plant pathologist , mycologist , phycologist , and botanist .
Norberto do Amaral ( born 17 February 1956 ) is the Bishop of Diocese of Maliana , East Timor .
Peter Penzoldt ( 18 January 1925 in Munich -- 21 August 1969 in Geneva ) was the author of The Supernatural in Fiction ( 1952 ) , a major critical study of the weird tale .
Keith Dewhurst ( born 24 December 1931 ) is an English playwright and television scriptwriter .
Marguerite Burke ( born 29 December 1965 ) is a former Irish international cricketer whose career for the Irish national team spanned from 1993 to 2000 .
Ruthe Jackson was born 29 October 1920 Fort Worth , Texas , the oldest daughter of Florence Ector Thompson and John Lyle Thompson .
Pankaj Pachauri ( Hindi : पंकज पचौरी ) ( born 24 September 1963 ) is an Indian TV anchor and journalist .
Febby Angguni ( born 8 July 1991 in Bandung is an Indonesian badminton player .
Amrit Singh ( born 1969 ) is a human rights lawyer for the National Security and Counterterrorism program at the Open Society Justice Initiative .
Sir Hector Munro , 2nd Baronet of Foulis ( born August 1635 ) was a Scottish noble and clan chief of the highland Clan Munro .
Eric Moonman ( born 29 April 1929 , Liverpool ) was a British Labour politician .
Sir Jacob Bancks ( also Banks , Bankes , Banckes ) ( 1662 - -1724 ) was a Swedish naval officer in the British service .
Rogério Zimmermann , ( born 10 June 1965 ) is a Brazilian coach of Campeonato Brasileiro Série B club Brasil de Pelotas .
Angelo Pizzi ( 1775 -- Venice , 1819 ) was an Italian sculptor , active in a Neoclassical style .
Shimon Levinson ( born 1933 ) was a senior Israeli intelligence officer who was arrested for spying for the Soviet Union in 1991 .
Lloyd Dugger ( 1926 - -May 26 , 2005 ) , better known as Doug Dugger , was an American country music singer with a religious style that led him to be dubbed the `` Chaplain of Country Music . ''
Jannie Boshoff ( born 13 January 1986 ) is a South African rugby union footballer .
Yang Yuliang ( simplified Chinese : 杨玉良 ; traditional Chinese : 楊玉良 ; pinyin : Yáng Yùliáng ; born November 1952 ) is a Chinese educator and chemist .
Dimitrios Kalapothakis ( 1865 -- 27 May 1921 ) was a Greek reporter and founder of the newspaper Embros ( `` Forward '' ) .
Julia Blackburn ( born 1948 ) is a British author of both fiction and non - fiction .
Igor Bobček ( born 6 October 1983 in Myjava ) is a Slovak ice hockey defenceman who last played for the Manchester Storm of the Elite Ice Hockey League ( UK ) .
Dame Anne Mandall Johnson ( born 30 January 1954 ) is a British epidemiologist , known for her work in the areas of HIV , sexually transmitted infections and infectious diseases .
Damien Robitaille ( born 1981 ) is a Franco - Ontarian musician from the village of Lafontaine , Ontario , which is located in the Georgian Bay area , two hours north - west of Toronto .
Anastasia , Princess of Löwenstein - Wertheim - Rosenberg , née Princess Anastasia of Prussia ( 14 February 1944 ) is the consort of Alois - Konstantin , 9th Prince of Löwenstein - Wertheim - Rosenberg .
Eric Honegger Pierre Antoine ( born 29 April 1946 in Zurich , a native of Rüschlikon and Fischenthal ) is a Swiss politician member of the FDP.The Liberals party , and manager .
Ioan Lemeni ( 22 April , 1780 -- 29 March , 1861 ) was Bishop of Făgăraş and Primate of the Romanian Greek Catholic Church from 1833 to his resignation in 1850 .
Eumone Baratta ( born 1823 ) was an Italian sculptor .
Mohammad Hanif Atmar ( Pashto:محمد حنیف اتمر ; born 1968 ) was the Interior Minister of Afghanistan .
Michèle Bernard ( French : ( miʃɛl bɛʁnaʁ ) , born 26 October 1947 ) is a French singer and songwriter .
Tito Falaschi ( born Rodrigo Falaschi in Rio de Janeiro , 8 May 1977 ) is a Brazilian multi - instrumentalist and a heavy metal singer .
George Fayerweather III ( 1802 - -1869 ) was a blacksmith and activist for abolitionism .
Leo Green ( 30 August 1972 ) is a British musician , broadcaster , producer , actor , musical arranger and concert promoter .
Randy Fischer ( born c. 1951 ) is a legislator in the U.S. state of Colorado .
Francesco Brancati ( 1607 in Sicily -- 1671 in China ) was an Italian Jesuit missionary .
Carlos Reynaldo Lacayo Lacayo ( born 1950 in Diriamba , Nicaragua ) .
Charles Cottier ( born 27 October 1992 ) is an Australian actor , perhaps best known for portraying Dexter Walker on the Australian soap opera Home and Away .
Kadar Brock ( born May 28 , 1980 ) is a contemporary abstract artist .
William Thomas Gilcrease ( 1890 - -1962 ) was an American oilman , art collector and philanthropist .
Katalin Nemes ( born Katalin Frieder on 5 October 1915 ) was a pianist and teacher .
Jean Bouillet de la Chassaigne ( June 1654 -- January 31 , 1733 ) was a soldier in New France .
Conrad Wolfram ( born 10 June 1970 ) is a British technologist and businessman known for his work in information technology and its application .
Paul Ross ( born 31 December 1956 ) is a British television and radio presenter , journalist and media personality .
Andrew Parnell ( born 17 February 1954 , in Buxton , Derbyshire , England ) is an organist and harpsichordist .
Gitanjali Rao ( born 1972 ) is an Indian theatre artist , animator and film maker .
William Douglas , 2nd Lord Mordington ( 27 September 1626 - after 1671 ) was the eldest son and heir of Sir James Douglas , 1st Lord Mordington ( died 1656 ) by his spouse Anne , daughter of Lawrence Oliphant , 5th Lord Oliphant .
Helga Margrét Þorsteinsdóttir ( born 15 November 1991 in Reykjavík ) is an Icelandic heptathlete .
John Cordes ( 1890 - ? ) was a detective in the New York Police Department and the only detective to win the department 's Medal of Honor twice .
Mary Onyali - Omagbemi ( née Onyali , born 3 February 1968 ) is a Nigerian sprinter , who won the bronze medal in the 4 × 100 m relay at the 1992 Olympic Games and in the 200 m at the 1996 Olympic Games .
Pieter de Carpentier ( 19 February 1586 -- 5 September 1659 ) was a Dutch , or Flemish , administrator of the Dutch East India Company ( VOC ) who served as Governor - General there from 1623 to 1627 .
Jacob Mar Theophilos ( born 21 February 1891 , Olassa , Kottayam , Kerala - died 27 June 1956 , Tiruvalla , Kerala ) was the co - builder of the Reunion Movement and the first bishop of Eparchy of Tiruvalla of the Syro - Malankara Catholic Church .
Herman or Hermann Ziegner ( 1864 -- September 9 , 1898 ) was a German - American soldier who served in the U.S. Army during the Indian Wars and the Spanish--
Zef Gashi ( Serbian : Зеф Гаши , Zef Gaši ) ( born 4 December 1938 ) is an ethnic Albanian prelate of the Roman Catholic Church in Montenegro .
Wang Beixing ( Chinese : 王北星 ; pinyin : Wáng Běixīng ; born 10 March 1985 ) is a Chinese long track speed skater , specializing in short distances ( 500 m and 1000 m ) .
Helen Latham ( born 2 March 1976 , in the UK ) is a British actress .
Alex Bailin QC , born 23 January 1969 , is an English barrister specialising in human rights at Matrix Chambers .
Sally Pilbeam ( 1978 ) is an arm amputee Australian paratriathlete .
Toffael Rashid ( Bengali : তুফায়েল রশিদ ; born May 1973 ) is an English global marketing professional who works for Robi Axiata Limited as Executive Vice President , and Head of Brand and Market Communications .
George Coles Stebbins ( 1846 - -1945 ) gospel song writer .
Halyna Kolotnytska ( Ukrainian : Галина Колотницька , née Halyna Koschiy ; b. 1972 ) is a Ukrainian nurse and a former member of her country 's Antarctic research mission .
Ibon Begoña Zubiaur ( born 17 November 1973 ) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a left back , and the current assistant coach of UD Atlético Isleño .
Zoe Arancini ( born 14 July 1991 ) is an Australian club water polo player who plays driver , counter - attacker , or outside shooter .
Marti Emerald ( born 1955 ) is a California politician and former television journalist .
Sally Chen or Chen Shali ( 陳莎莉 ) ( born 1948 in Qingdao , China ) is a Taiwanese actress .
Ohad Meromi , sculptor , born 1967 , Kibbutz Mizra , Israel .
Louis Theodor Kipp ( 7 March 1862 -- 2 April 1931 ) was a German jurist who is perhaps best known for his theory of `` double nullity '' , under which a null contract can be challenged in some circumstances .
Dino Dibra ( 18 April 1975 -- 14 October 2000 ) was an Albanian - Australian suspected murderer and a victim of the infamous Melbourne gangland killings .
David Alan Ezra ( born 1947 ) is a Senior District Judge of the United States District Court for the District of Hawaii .
Nell Ní Chróinín ( born 1990 ) is an Irish sean - nós singer from the Muskerry Gaeltacht in County Cork .
Anat Biletzki ( Hebrew : ענת בילצקי‎ , born 1952 ) is a professor of philosophy at Tel Aviv University and Quinnipiac University in Hamden , CT .
Sara Rudner ( born 16 February 1944 ) is an American dancer , choreographer and dance educator .
Patricia DuBose Duncan ( born 1932 ) is an artist living in Topsham , Maine .
Kyai Hajji Mas Mansoer ( Perfected Spelling : Mas Mansur ; 25 June 1896 -- 25 April 1946 ) was an Indonesian Islamic scholar and a national hero .
Lam Hok Hei ( Chinese : 林學曦 ; Jyutping : lam4 hok6 hei1 , born 18 September 1991 in Hong Kong ) is a Hong Kong professional football player who plays for Hong Kong side South China .
Simon Conway Morris FRS ( born 6 November 1951 ; note that his surname is `` Conway Morris '' ) is an English palaeontologist who is best known for his detailed and careful study of the fossils of the Burgess Shale , and of the scientific concept of Cambrian explosion .
Dr. Otho Fulton ( 1868 - -1938 ) was an American inventor with a number of inventions in facsimile transmissions , including the fultograph .
Ali Ghazal ( Arabic ; علي احمد علي محمد غزال ; born 1 February 1992 ) is an Egyptian footballer who plays for Portuguese club Nacional .
William Henry Thomas ( 1920 - -2009 ) was a delegate in the Maryland House of Delegates representing District 35 , which covered Dorchester , Talbot , and Wicomico Counties .
Henning Dahl Mikkelsen ( 1915 - June 4 , 1982 ) was a Danish cartoonist , best known for creation of the long running newspaper comic strip Ferd'nand , which he signed as Mik .
Daniel Ford ( born 1931 ) is an American journalist , novelist , and historian .
Annisette Koppel ( born 29 August 1948 , née Annisette Hansen ) is a Danish singer .
Brother Adrien Rivard ( 1890 - 1969 ) was a Canadian botanist .
Luca Zingaretti ( Italian pronunciation : ( ˈluːka ddziŋɡaˈretti ) ; born 11 November 1961 ) is an Italian actor , known for playing Salvo Montalbano in Il commissario Montalbano mystery series based on the character and novels created by Andrea Camilleri .
Kaithapram Damodaran Namboothiri ( Malayalam : കൈതപ്രം ദാമോദരന്‍ നമ്പൂതിരി ) ( born 1 January 1950 ) , popularly known as Kaithapram , is a lyricist , music director , actor , singer , screenwriter , and performer of Carnatic music .
Alastair Seeley ( born 4 October 1979 in Carrickfergus ) is a motorcycle road racer , currently competing in the British Superbike Championship aboard a BMW S1000R.
Sir Sydney Russell - Wells , FRCP ( 25 September 1869 - - 14 July 1924 ) was a British physician and politician .
Abbi Glines ( Abigail Glines ) ( B. 16 April 1977 ) is an American New York Times , USA Today , and Wall Street Journal bestselling novelist .
Mani Nagappa ( born 1925 ) is an Indian sculptor who is known for creating statues of prominent personalities and political leaders of Tamil Nadu .
David Hulin ( born 1975 ) is a British born Animation Director and VFX Director based in New York , best known for his work with iconic animated characters such as the GEICO Gecko , and his contribution to the Computer Graphics and Visual Effects industry .
Richard Sakwa ( born 1953 ) is Professor of Russian and European politics at the University of Kent .
Al - Mansur al - Qasim al - Iyyani ( 922 ? -- July 11 , 1003 ) was an imam of the Zaidi state in Yemen who briefly reestablished a comprehensive Zaidi realm in the years 999 - -1002 .
Iana Salenko ( Ukrainian : Яна Саленко ; born 19 July 1983 ) is a Ukrainian ballerina .
William Michael Albert Broad ( born 30 November 1955 ) , known professionally by his stage name Billy Idol , is an English rock musician , songwriter and actor .
Chrétien Waydelich ( born 28 November 1841 , date of death unknown ) was a French croquet player and Olympic champion .
Sara Soskolne ( born 1970 ) is a Canadian type designer best known for her work at Hoefler & Frere - Jones ( H&FJ ) type foundry on typefaces such as Gotham .
Jamie Redfern ( born 9 April 1957 ) is an English - born Australian television presenter and pop singer .
Maurice Moore ( 1897 -- 28 April 1921 ) was an Irish republican who fought in the Irish War of Independence .
Thomas Ingmire is an American calligrapher , born in 1942 in Fort Wayne , Indiana .
Kenn Kaufman ( born 1954 ) is an American author , artist , naturalist , and conservationist , known for his work on several popular field guides of birds and butterflies in North America .
Bassam Abu Sharif ( Arabic : بسام أبو شريف‎ ; born 1946 ) is a former senior adviser to Yasser Arafat and leading cadre of the Palestine Liberation Organization ( PLO ) .
Josep Gausachs Armengol ( 1889 - -1959 ) , better known as Josep Gausachs or José Gausachs , was a Catalan artist active in Spain , France and the Dominican Republic .
Rabbi Benzion Rakow , ( 1925 - 1985 ) , was a communal rabbi and rosh yeshiva of Chayei Olam Yeshiva in Golders Green , London .
Patrice Meyer ( b. 18 December 1957 ) is a French electric guitarist active in Jazz , Jazz rock , Progressive rock and Canterbury scene bands .
Perry Groves ( born 19 April 1965 ) is a former English footballer , known chiefly for his time at Arsenal .
Andrea Chen , also known as Chen Kuangyi , ( traditional Chinese : 陳匡怡 ; simplified Chinese : 陈匡怡 ; pinyin : Chén Kuāngyí ) was born on 20 November 1987 , in Taiwan .
Eleri Siôn ( Welsh pronunciation : ( ɛˈleːri ˈʃoːn ) ; born Eleri Jones in 1971 ) is a Welsh radio and television presenter .
Mark Griskey ( born in 1963 ) is an American composer who has composed for such popular games as Marvel Heroes ( video game ) , Star Wars :
Gunilla Tjernberg ( 1950 - - ) is a Swedish Christian Democratic politician .
Jens Härtel ( born 7 June 1969 ) is a retired German football player who manages 1 .
He Shu ( Chinese : 何蜀 ; born 1948 in Chongqing ) is a magazine editor and historian of the Chinese Cultural Revolution .
Remigius van Rheni ( 1560 , Brussels -- c.1620 ) , was a Flemish Baroque painter .
Tim Matavž ( born 13 January 1989 ) is a Slovenian football player who plays as a striker for Genoa , on loan from FC Augsburg .
Wang Xinxian ( Chinese : 王新宪 ; born November 1954 ) is a Chinese public figure , currently serving as the Director - General of the China Disabled Persons ' Federation .
Candice Yu ( Yu On On ) born Yu De Ying on 22 October 1959 ) is a Hong Kong film actress and occasional singer , best known for her films with Shaw Brothers Studio of the 1970s and 1980s .
Peter Schöttel ( born 26 March 1967 ) is a retired Austrian footballer and now a manager .
John Rumbiak ( born 1962 ) , is a West Papuan human rights and environment activist .
Harold Henning ( 3 October 1934 -- 1 January 2004 ) was a South African professional golfer who played on the PGA Tour and the Senior PGA Tour .
C. P. Sadashivaiah ( Chikkanayakanahalli Prabhanna Sadashivaiah ) ( 9 January 1931 - 2 June 2007 ) was an Indian freedom fighter who later became an industrialist , philanthropist and inventor .
Rao Xueman ( simplified Chinese : 饶雪漫 ; traditional Chinese : 饒雪漫 ; pinyin : Ráo Xuĕmàn ; born 11 December 1972 ) is a Chinese best - selling author , novelist , short story writer .
Tsogto Garmayevich Badmazhapov ( 1879 - 1937 ) was a translator , Mongolist , and discoverer of the city of Khara - Khoto .
Silke Gnad also known as Silke Fittinger ( born 20 November 1966 ) is a German handball player .
Arkadiusz Bąk ( Polish pronunciation : ( arˈkadjuʂ ˈbɔŋk ) ) ( born 6 October 1974 ) is a Polish footballer who currently plays for Flota Świnoujście .
Sir John Graham Dalyell ( August 1775 -- 7 June 1851 ) was a Scottish advocate , antiquary and naturalist
Joan Daemen ( Dutch pronunciation : ( joːˈɑn ˈdaːmə(n ) ) ; born 1965 ) is a Belgian cryptographer who co - designed the Rijndael cipher with Vincent Rijmen , which was selected as the Advanced Encryption Standard ( AES ) in 2001 .
J. Budziszewski ( born 1952 ) is professor of government at the University of Texas , Austin , where he has taught since 1981 .
Dr. Thomas F. Collura , Ph.D. , PE ( born 1952 ) is President of BrainMaster Technologies Incorporated , and Clinical Director of the Brain Enrichment Center , both located in Bedford , Ohio and is a past president of the International Society for Neurofeedback & Research ( ISNR ) .
Major Ridge , The Ridge ( and sometimes Pathkiller II ) ( c. 1771 -- June 22 , 1839 ) ( also known as Nunnehidihi , and later Ganundalegi ) was a Cherokee leader , a member of the tribal council , and a lawmaker .
Rajeev Masand ( born 1979 ) is an Indian film critic and entertainment reporter for Noida , Uttar Pradesh - based English language news channel CNN - Indian Broadcasting Network ( CNN - IBN ) .
Sir Dominick Daly ( 11 August 1798 -- 19 February 1868 ) was the Governor of Prince Edward Island from 11 July 1854 to 25 May 1859 and later Governor of South Australia from 4 March 1862 until his death on 19 February 1868 .
Navakana Shankaranarayana Bhat ( Kannada:ಶಂಕರ ನಾರಾಯಣ ಭಟ್ ) ( 1927 - -2013 ) was a renowned school head - master , social worker and scholar .
Paul Yao N'Dré ( born 29 December 1956 ) is an Ivorian politician and magistrate who was President of the Constitutional Council of Côte d'Ivoire from 2009 to 2011 .
Robert Baća ( born 19 September 1949 in Zagreb , Croatia ) is a sculptor and painter .
Roberto Morandotti ( born 29 November 1967 ) is a physicist and full Professor , working in the Energy Materials Telecommunications Department of the Institut National de la Recherche Scientifique ( INRS - EMT , Montreal , Canada ) .
Maciej Rosiewicz ( born 31 July 1977 ) is a Polish race walker representing Georgia .
Jane McCrea ( sometimes spelled McCrae or MacCrae , 1752 -- July 27 , 1777 ) was a young woman who was slain by Native Americans associated with the British army of Lieutenant General John Burgoyne during the American Revolutionary War .
Rok Baskera ( born 26 May 1993 ) is a Slovenian footballer playing for Olimpija as a winger .
Ahmed Salama ( Arabic : أحمد سلامة‎ ; born 5 February 1981 ) is an Egyptian footballer who plays for Al - Khabourah SC in Oman Professional League .
Tamaryn Hendler ( born 12 August 1992 ) , better known as Tammy Hendler , is a Belgian tennis player .
Thomson Jay Hudson ( born Windham , Ohio , USA , February 22 , 1834 ) was chief examiner of the US Patent Office and psychical researcher , known for his three laws of psychic phenomena , which were first published in 1893 .
Muminjon Abdullaev ( born 24 December 1989 ) is a Uzbekistani Greco - Roman wrestler who won a bronze medal at the 2010 Asian Wrestling Championships in the 96 kg division .
Nita Bahtiri ( born 26 February 1993 in Prishtinë , Kosovo ) is a Kosovo Albanian singer and pianist .
Allen Kearns ( 14 August 1894 -- 20 April 1956 ) was a Canadian - born singer and actor .
Caroline Warner Hightower ( born 1935 ) is an American development and fundraising consultant and former executive director of the American Institute of Graphic Arts ( AIGA ) .
Paul Nagle ( born 29 August 1978 ) is an Irish rally co - driver .
Sandra Perković ( born 21 June 1990 ) is a Croatian discus thrower , reigning European and Olympic champion .
Leona Paraminski ( born 22 August 1979 ) is a Croatian theatre , film and television actress .
Mark Coulier ( born 1964 ) is a British make - up artist and prosthetic makeup expert , who has worked in Harry Potter film series , X - Men and The Mummy Returns .
Simon Paulli ( 6 April 1603 -- 25 April 1680 ) , was a Danish physician and naturalist .
Hieronymus Bock ( Latinised Tragus ) ( 1498 -- February 21 , 1554 ) was a German botanist , physician , and Lutheran minister who began the transition from medieval botany to the modern scientific worldview by arranging plants by their relation or resemblance .
Sophia Danenberg ( born 1972 ) is an American mountain climber best known as the first African American and the first black woman to climb to the summit of Mount Everest , the world 's tallest mountain .
Irena Žerjal ( born 20 April 1940 ) is a Slovene poet , writer and translator who also used the pen name Maja Tul in her early work .
August Schmölzer ( born 27 June 1958 ) is an Austrian actor and writer .
Karim Fegrouche ( Arabic : كريم فجرك‎ ; born 14 February 1982 ) is a Moroccan footballer .
Chief Oshkosh ( also spelled Os - kosh or Oskosh ) ( 1795 - -August 29 , 1858 ) was the chief of the Menominee American Indians from 1827 until his death .
Lior Miller ( born 13 February 1972 ) is an Israeli film and television actor .
Ferdinand Leon ( born 1922 ) was an African American writer who wrote for television shows .
Rebecca Stott ( born 1964 ) is a British academic , broadcaster , novelist and a professor at the University of East Anglia .
Iver C. Olsen ( 1904 -- November 5 , 1960 ) was an accountant for the Office of Strategic Services and the War Refugee Board in Stockholm during World War II . In that latter capacity he provided WRB funds to Raoul Wallenberg in his efforts to rescue the Hungarian Jews .
Ian Krykorka ( born 1975 ) is a Toronto - based children 's author .
Rani Taj ( Urdu : رانی تاج ) ( born 3 October 1993 ) is a British Pakistani dhol player from Birmingham , United Kingdom .
Kim Chol ( ca . 1960 - -2012 ) was a Vice Minister in the North Korean Army who was allegedly purged and executed in spectacular fashion for `` drinking and carousing '' during the period of mourning for Kim Jong - il .
Paul Beynon - Davies ( born 1957 ) is a British academic , author and consultant .
Vivian Hösch ( born 18 March 1991 ) is a visually impaired German biathlete and cross - country skier .
Domenico Manetti ( 1609 - -1663 ) was at Italian painter .
Alicia Aberley ( born 29 March 1984 ) is an Australian swimmer with an intellectual disability .
John C. Sanford ( born 1950 ) is an American plant geneticist , and an advocate of intelligent design and creationism .
Sergey Gomonov ( Belarusian : Сяргей Гоманаў ( Syarhey Homanaw ) , Russian : Серге́й Гомонов ; 29 June 1961 -- 19 September 2010 ) was a Soviet and Belarusian footballer and later a coach .
Salesh Kumar ( born 28 July 1981 ) is a Fijian football midfielder who currently plays for Mangere United in the Northern League ( New Zealand ) .
Eden Kane is the stage name of Richard Graham Sarstedt ( born 29 March 1940 ) .
Tommy Hays ( born Thomas Avery Hays in Hartshorne , Oklahoma , in 1929 ) is a guitarist , band leader and vocalist ; and is one of the last living members of the great musicians who created The Bakersfield Sound .
Simon Dushinsky ( born 1972 ) is an American real estate developer who co - owns the New York City - based Rabsky Group with his partner , Isaac Rabinowitz .
Franciszek Ksawery Liske ( 18 October 1838 -- 27 February 1891 ) was a Polish historian , a founder of the Lwów 's historical school ( lwowska szkoła historyczna ) , a founder and first chairman of the Polish Historical Society ( Polskie Towarzystwo Historyczne ) , director of the Archiwum Krajowe Aktów Grodzkich i Ziemskich we Lwowie .
Barrie Leadbeater ( born 14 August 1943 , Harehills , Leeds , Yorkshire , England ) is a retired English first - class cricketer and umpire .
Zouhair Feddal Agharbi ( born 1 January 1989 ) , also known as Zou Feddal , is a Moroccan international footballer who plays for Spanish club Levante .
Madjid Bougherra ( Arabic : مجيد بوغرة‎ ; born 7 October 1982 ) an Algerian professional footballer who currently plays for Al - Fujairah in the UAE Arabian Gulf League .
Peggy Feury ( 30 June 1924 -- 20 November 1985 ) ( born Margaret Feury ) was an actress on Broadway , in films , and on television .
Caroline Feraday ( born 25 May 1977 ) is an English television and radio broadcaster currently living and working in Los Angeles .
Helge Midttun ( born 1955 ) is a Norwegian businessperson and since 2006 CEO of Aker BioMarine and Chairman of Rieber & Søn .
Allan Olesen ( born 25 January 1974 ) is a former Danish professional football ( soccer ) defender .
Abraham Frumkin ( 1872 - -1946 ) , the son of Israel Dov Frumkin , was a prominent Jewish anarchist best known as a contributor to the daily Yiddische Welt of New York .
Frank Hackinson ( né Francis J. Hackinson ; 7 July 1927 ) was the CEO and president of Columbia Pictures Publications .
Muhammed Zakaria Goneim ( زكريا غنيم ) ( alt . spelling : Muhammad Zakarīya Ghunaim , 1905 - -1959 ) was an Egyptian archaeologist , known for his discoveries in and around Saqqara .
Kinaryosih ( born 3 March 1979 ) is an Indonesian actress and model .
Nanya was born around 1835 and was of the Maraura tribe of the lower Darling area in the south - western corner New South Wales .
Mirjana Božović ( born 1987 ) was the first official `` Miss Serbia , '' in 2007 .
Kerstin Ringberg , born March 27 , 1925 was the first woman to win the Miss Sweden pageant in 1949 .
André Medici ( born 28 February 1956 , in Rio de Janeiro ) is a Brazilian health economist with a background in health strategy , public and private health financing in Latin America and the Caribbean , social security and pensions , economic reform , gender health issues , environmental protection , and globalization .
Abdul Majeed Khan Achakzai ( born 22 December 1962 ) is a Pakistani politician from Balochistan affiliated with the Pakhtunkhwa Milli Awami Party .
Nadine Beiler ( born 27 May 1990 ) is an Austrian R&B and Pop singer , who won the 3rd season of the Austrian casting show Starmania in 2007 .
Graeme Frost ( born 1995 ) gained notoriety in 2007 as a then seventh - grade student from Baltimore who gave the United States Democratic Party weekly radio address on September 28 , 2007 promoting the State Children 's Health Insurance Program ( SCHIP ) as a living example of someone helped by the program .
Kei Miller ( born 24 October 1978 ) is an award - winning Jamaican poet , fiction writer , essayist and blogger .
Joan Elizabeth Rees - Williams , The Hon . Mrs. Aitken ( born 1 May 1936 ) is a Welsh socialite .
Gianmarco Gerevini ( born 11 May 1993 ) is an Italian footballer who plays for Portuguese club Atlético CP , on loan from Italian Serie B club Bologna .
John Barraclough Fell ( 1815 -- 18 October 1902 ) , was a British railway engineer and inventor of the Fell mountain railway system .
Shrikar Madiraju , ( born 17 July 1975 ) is an Indian film director .
Lilly Scholz ( married name Gaillard ) ( born 18 April 1903 ; date of death unknown ) was an Austrian pair skater .
Andrew Himes ( born 1950 ) is the coordinator of the Business Alliance for the Future .
Okan Ersan ( born 27 April 1972 ) is a Turkish Cypriot jazz fusion guitarist , composer and record artist .
Vyacheslav Knyazev ( born on 22 May 1974 ) is a retired Tajikistani footballer who played for the Tajikistan national football team .
José María Benítez ( 1790 - -1855 ) was a Venezuelan physician and botanist known for his efforts to prevent and combat cholera , and for recognition of the medicinal properties of Cinchona trees to treat malaria .
Michael Bolster ( born 1967 ) is an Irish head chef .
Grzegorz Walasek ( ˈɡrzɛɡɔrz vaˈlasɛk ) ( born 29 August 1976 ) is a Polish speedway rider who has ridden for the Polish national team and has also competed in the Speedway Grand Prix series .
Nathan Burgers ( born May 1979 in Ayr , Queensland ) is an Australian professional field hockey goalkeeper .
Michaela Konrad ( born 1972 in Graz ) is an Austrian illustrator and artist .
Jeff Matsuda ( born 1970 ) is a Japanese - American concept artist , comics artist , and animator .
Sangeet Verma ( born 1971 ) is an Indian photographer and photojournalist .
Owen Abrahams ( 25 July 1933 -- 31 January 2006 ) was an Australian rules footballer in the VFL .
Jean Zimmerman ( born 1957 ) is an American author , poet and historian .
Alain Gaspoz ( born 16 May 1970 in Versegères ) is a Swiss - Beninese football player who , is playing for FC Bagnes .
Petrus Wijtse Winkel ( 13 June 1909 -- 21 April 2012 ) was a Dutch colonial administrator in the Netherlands East Indies and centenarian .
John Joseph Wardle ( born 11 August 1958 ) , known by the stage name Jah Wobble , is an English bass guitarist , singer , poet and composer .
Morris Possoni ( born 1 July 1984 ) is an Italian professional road bicycle racer , who last rode for UCI ProTeam Lampre - ISD .
Branislav Jovanović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Бранислав Јовановић ; born 21 September 1985 ) is a Serbian professional footballer who plays for Israeli club Hapoel Acre , as a defensive midfielder .
Majid Motalebi ( Persian : مجید مطلبی , born 29 May 1979 ) is an Iranian Producer and Executive Producer .
Tim McIntyre ( born 9 April 1989 ) is an Australian rules footballer who played for the Adelaide Football Club in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) .
Ted Fang ( Chinese : 方庆文 ; pinyin : Fāng Qìngwén , born 6 January 1967 ) is a Singaporean businessman , investor and hotelier .
Abou Diop ( born 6 October 1993 ) is a Senegalese professional footballer who plays as a striker for Italian club Lecce on loan from Torino .
Lou Andreas - Salomé ( born either Louise von Salomé or Luíza Gustavovna Salomé , Russian : Луиза Густавовна Саломе ; 12 February 1861 -- 5 February 1937 ) was a Russian - born psychoanalyst and author .
Beena Kak ( born 15 February 1954 ) is an Indian politician and Bollywood actress .
Papa Eftim II ( born Yiorghos Karahisarithis ( Greek : Γιώργος Καραχισαρίδης ) , later changed to Turgut Erenerol ; 1920 , Ankara - 1991 , Istanbul ) was the elder son of Papa Eftim I , the founder of the Autocephalous Turkish Orthodox Patriarchate , an unrecognised Orthodox Christian denomination , with strong influences from Turkish nationalist ideology .
Paul Seed ( born 18 September 1947 ) is a British television director and former actor .
Molly Giles ( born in 1942 ) is a short story writer , novelist , and professor at the University of Arkansas .
Elke König ( born 28 January 1954 ) is a German MBA in Business and auditor .
Nicole Mones ( born 1952 ) is an American novelist and food writer .
Subhan Ali Khan Kamboh ( born 1766 ) was an Indian Muslim scholar , son of Ali Hussain Khan Kamboh of Bareilly in Rohilkhand .
Neamat Imam ( Bengali : নেয়ামত ইমাম ; born 5 January 1971 ) is a Bangladeshi - Canadian author of literary fiction .
Đặng Hữu Phúc ( born 1953 ) is a Vietnamese pianist and composer best known for his film scores .
Kim Donaldson ( born 1952 in Southern Rhodesia ) is a Zimbabwean artist who specializes in painting the peoples and wildlife of Africa .
Miki Yeung ( born 14 February 1985 ) is a Hong Kong cantopop singer and actress .
Alice Roth ( 6 February 1905 -- July 1977 ) was a Swiss mathematician who made significant contributions to approximation theory .
Mary Melone , S.F.A. ( born 1964 ) is an Italian Franciscan religious sister and theologian specialising in the life and thought of Saint Anthony of Padua .
E.J. Miller Laino ( born 1948 ) is an American poet , author of Girl Hurt ( Alice James Books , 1995 ) .
Barbara Rütting ( born 21 November 1927 ) is a German film actress , politician and author .
Albert Beckford Jones ( born 1958 ) is an American executive , entrepreneur , chief adviser for the U.S. CRDF , and trustee / CEO to several international boards .
Marc de Mauny ( born March 1 , 1971 ) is a theatre manager and opera producer , currently General Manager of Perm Opera and Ballet Theatre and Executive Producer of the International Diaghilev Festival .
Sheila Quigley ( born 18 July 1947 ) is a British author of thrillers .
Riccardo Bergonzi ( born 1961 ) is a contemporary luthier .
Charles L. Swain ( April 19 , 1866 -- February 28 , 1933 ) was a Democratic politician from Cincinnati , Ohio , United States who was Speaker of the Ohio House of Representatives , and an unsuccessful candidate for Ohio 's 2nd congressional district .
Donald Weilerstein ( born 1940 ) is an American violinist and pedagogue .
Roberto T. Añonuevo ( born 1968 Manila ) is a Filipino poet and author of award - winning anthologies .
Michael Pinsky ( born in 1967 ) is a visual artist who uses diverse media such as video , performance , mapping systems and sculpture to explore geopolitical aspects of a site .
Petter Salsten ( born 11 March 1965 ) is a Norwegian ice hockey player , coach and sports official .
Sam Nover ( born August 1942 ) is a retired American sportscaster .
Korvettenkapitän Paul Jacobi ( 14 July 1887 -- 13 February 1915 ) was a German Naval officer killed during World War I. He commanded the 8th Torpedo boat half flotilla and was killed when his ship , Torpedoboot V25 hit a British mine in the North Sea .
David Sheffield ( born 1948 ) is an American comedy writer best known for his writing on Saturday Night Live and the screenplays for Coming to America and The Nutty Professor all written in collaboration with Barry W. Blaustein .
Panagiotis Tzanavaras ( Greek : Πναγιώτης Τζαναβάρας ; born 30 October 1964 in Korinthos , Greece ) , is a former football player and currently a manager .
Wendy Cope , OBE ( born 21 July 1945 ) is a contemporary English poet .
Bharath Sriraman ( भारतः स्रिरामान ) ( b. 1971 Bangalore ) is an Indian - born mathematician , educator and academic editor , known for his interdisciplinary contributions at the nexus of math - science - arts and theory development in mathematics education , creativity research , and gifted education .
Johann Ewald was born in Kassel , the capital city of the Landgraviate of Hesse - Kassel , on 30 March 1744 .
Phil Coulter ( born 19 February 1942 ) is an Irish musician , songwriter and record producer .
Ya'akov Tzur ( Hebrew : יעקב צור‎ , born Ya'akov Steinberg on 4 April 1937 ) is a former Israeli politician who held several ministerial portfolios in the 1980s and 1990s .
Laco Déczi ( 29 March 1938 , Bernolákovo , Czechoslovakia ) is a Slovak - American jazz trumpeter and composer , leader of Jazz Celula New York .
Alisdair McLaren ( born 1979 ) is a world champion bagpipe player and the current director of The National Youth Pipe Band of Scotland .
Luke Jericho ( born 18 October 1984 ) is an Australian rules footballer , formerly for Adelaide in the AFL .
Sandra Nikčević ( Montenegrin Cyrillic : Сандра Никчевић , born 16 November 1984 in Titograd , SR Montenegro , SFR Yugoslavia ) is a Montenegrin handballer , who plays for Osmangazi Belediyespor in Turkey .
David Whiston ( born 8 October 1941 ) grew up in Yorkshire , England and received violin lessons from his early childhood .
Kumar Rupesinghe ( born 1943)is an academic and activist involved in social issues , particularly Human Rights , development issues , processes of globalisation , conflict prevention , conflict resolution and conflict transformation in the light of peacekeeping and peacebuilding for a harmonious coexistence among all peoples in the world .
Roberto Quarta ( born 1949 ) is an Italian - American businessman .
Adnan Babajić ( born 28 May 1988 ) is a Bosnian singer and television personality , who came to media attention as the winner of talents show Operacija trijumf , and thus signed a recording contract for an album for foreign market with Universal Music Group .
Tom Hornsey ( born 17 February 1989 ) is an Australian - born punter who is currently a free agent .
José da Avé - Maria Leite da Costa e Silva ( 10 February 1727 , Santo Antão -- 30 October 1799 , Angra ) was the 23rd Bishop of the Diocese of Angra , governing from 1783 to 1799 .
Rong Zi is the pen name of Wang Rongzi ( born 1928 ) , a Chinese - Taiwanese writer who is considered one of the leading modern day Taiwanese poets .
Taqele Naiyaravoro ( born 7 December 1991 in Yasawa Island , Fiji ) is an Australian professional rugby union and rugby league footballer .
Humayun Farkhan ( born 4 April 1947 , Lyallpur , India ) is a former Pakistani cricketer who played first - class cricket from 1964 to 1985 .
Nolan Clark ( born 18 March 1984 ) is a South African rugby union player whose usual playing position is lock .
Sir Ken Collins ( * 12 August 1939 in Hamilton , Lanarkshire , Scotland ) is a former Member of the European Parliament and Chairman of the Scottish Environment Protection Agency .
Elizabeth Key Grinstead ( b. 1630 - d. c. after 1665 ) was one of the first women of African ancestry in the North American colonies to sue for her freedom from slavery and win .
Charles Gordon - Lennox , Earl of March and Kinrara DL ( born 8 January 1955 ) is a British aristocrat , eldest son and heir - apparent of the Duke of Richmond , and owner of Goodwood Estate in West Sussex .
Neil Landon ( born Patrick Cahill , 26 July 1941 ) is an English singer , who has been credited with singing on a number of hits in the UK Singles Chart .
Noah Mann ( 15 November 1756 at Northchapel , Sussex -- December 1789 at Northchapel ) was a famous English cricketer who played for the Hambledon Club .
Sophie Heathcote ( 25 December 1972 -- 5 January 2006 ) was an Australian actress , primarily known for her television roles , particularly A Country Practice and Water Rats
Robert Sara ( born 9 June 1946 ) is a former Austrian football player , born in Oberlainsitz , near St. Martin i m Waldviertel .
Johan Puke ( 1726 - -1756 ) , was a Swedish officer .
Gérson Alencar de Lima Júnior , better known as Gérson Magrão ( born 13 June 1985 ) , is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a left winger for CRB .
Orlando Fernández , a.k.a . `` The Puerto Rican Aquaman '' ( born 1971 ) , is the first Puerto Rican swimmer to cross the Strait of Gibraltar .
Marcus Huxley ( born 1949 ) is an English cathedral organist , who serves in St. Philip 's Cathedral , Birmingham .
William Douglas , 7th Earl of Morton ( 1582 -- 7 August 1648 ) was a grandson of the 6th Earl of Morton .
Helena Flam ( born 2 May 1951 ) is a Polish - born sociologist and Professor of Sociology at the University of Leipzig , Germany , known for her work on social organization , emotions and social movements .
Alan Longmuir ( born 20 June 1948 , Edinburgh , Scotland ) was the Scottish bass guitarist for the 1970s pop group , the Bay City Rollers .
Nir Klinger ( Hebrew : ניר קלינגר‎ ; born 25 May 1966 ) is an Israeli former footballer , Manager and current sports director .
Thoniyan Puthiyapurayil Shihabuddin , better known as Shihabuddin Poythumkadavu,(Malayalam : ശിഹാബുദ്ധീൻ പൊയ്ത്തുംകടവ് ; born 29 October 1963 ) is an Indian writer , journalist , poet , speaker and television personality .
Astrid Melissa Edwarda Horn Weitzberg ( born 8 April 1987 ) , known as Melissa Horn , is a Swedish pop artist .
Irina Slyusar ( Russian : Ірина Слюсар ; born 19 March 1963 ) is a Ukrainian former track and field sprinter .
Barend Mons ( born 1957 , The Hague ) is a molecular biologist and biosemantics specialist .
Ramachandru Tejavath , born on 9 September 1953 , is from Collector Thanda of Warangal district .
Nikolay Vasilyevich Komarov ( Russian : Никола́й Васи́льевич Комаро́в ; 1831 - after 1875 ) was a Russian junior commissioned officer ( praporshchik ) who is commonly considered to be the founder of the city of Vladivostok .
Jonathan Brent ( born 1949 ) is an American academic , author , and publisher .
Luca Baldisserri ( born 11 December 1962 ) is an Italian engineer , currently the chief track engineer for the Ferrari Formula One team .
Seema Malhotra ( born 7 August 1972 ) is a British Labour and Co - operative Party politician who has been the Member of Parliament ( MP ) for Feltham and Heston since a by - election was held following the death of Alan Keen in 2011 .
Cecilia Dazzi ( born 17 October 1969 ) is an Italian actress , television personality and songwriter .
Lawrence Upton ( born London 1949 , of Cornish origins ) is a poet , graphic artist and sound artist , currently directing Writers Forum .
Sébastien Izambard ( born 7 March 1973 ) is a French musician , singer , composer , and record producer .
Miguel Salis ( born 1958 ) is a Spanish entrepreneur and the founder of Eolia Renovables , where he is partner and CEO .
Jan van Huysum , also spelled Huijsum ( 15 April 1682 -- 8 February 1749 ) , was a Dutch painter .
Sam Akoitai , born 5 May 1961 in Bougainville , is a Papua New Guinean politician , a member of the United Resources Party .
Viljar Loor ( 1 October 1953 -- 22 March 2011 ) was the most successful Estonian volleyball player .
Dovilė Dzindzaletaitė ( born 14 July 1993 ) is a Lithuanian track and field athlete , who competes as long and triple jumper .
Max Hopp ( born 20 August 1996 ) is a German darts player who competes in Professional Darts Corporation events .
Vladimir Karabutov ( born 22 April 1967 ) is a Russian former water polo player .
Thomas Whittemore ( January 2 , 1871 -- June 8 , 1950 ) was an American scholar and archaeologist who founded the Byzantine Institute of America .
Ronald Alan Waldron born 9 January 1927 is an English medievalist , considered a pre - eminent expert in the field of early English literature .
Daniel Rirdan ( born 1965 in Bene Brak , Israel ) is an American author , global strategist , environmentalist , and the Director of Product Development at The Exploration Company .
Jack Revill , better known as Jackmaster , ( born 11 January 1986 ) is a Scottish DJ from Glasgow .
Nitzan Kaikov ( Hebrew : ניצן קייקוב‎ ; born 11 October 1987 ) , also known as K - KOV , is an Israeli songwriter and music producer .
Darren Mapp ( born 8 October 1980 in Albury , New South Wales ) is a professional rugby league footballer for the Central Comets in the Queensland Cup .
Henrik Norrthon ( born 23 November 1979 ) is a Swedish Director .
Basnayaka Ralalage Ranjith Siyambalapitiya ( born 1 May 1961 ) ( known as Ranjith Siyambalapitiya ) is a Sri Lankan politician , member of parliament for the Kegalle District and Cabinet Minister of Telecommunication and Information Technology .
Roelant Savery ( or Roeland(t ) Maertensz Saverij , or de Savery , or many variants ) ( 1576 - buried 25 February 1639 ) , was a Flanders - born Dutch Golden Age painter .
Judith Jacob ( born 13 December 1961 ) is a British actress best known for her role as the health visitor Carmel Roberts in the BBC soap opera EastEnders , a role she played from 1986 to 1989 .
Mohammad Abdi ( Persian:محمد عبدی , Tehran , Iran , 1974 ) is a writer , film critic , and art researcher .
Selina Chilton ( born 19 September 1981 ) is an English actress who has appeared in theatre and television productions .
Fala Chen ( Chinese : 陳法拉 ; born 24 February 1982 ) is a Chinese - born American actress and singer .
Terry Schreiber ( born 7 March 1937 ) is an American theater director , acting teacher , and founder of the T. Schreiber Studio , in New York .
Erik Holmey ( born 25 February 1942 ) is a Danish actor of the stage and screen with a tall , rugged , handsome presence , often seen as dangerous , high - ranking sidekicks .
William Henry Gilder ( 16 August 1838 -- 1900 ) , was an American soldier , journalist , explorer and writer .
Ana Lovrin ( Croatian pronunciation : ( âna lǒːʋrin ) or ( ǎːna- ) ; born 2 December 1953 ) , is a Croatian politician .
Kenneth Kimberlin Brimer , Jr. , known as Kim Brimer ( born 5 March 1945 ) , is a Republican former member of the Texas State Senate from Fort Worth , Texas .
Penny Thomson ( 14 November 1950 , Manila -- 9 July 2007 , Edinburgh ) was a producer for Britain 's Channel Four and former EIFF director .
Charles J. Lister ( born 1820 , London d. 1912 , Owen Sound , Ontario ) was a central figure in the Restoration Movement in 19th century Canada .
Sahibzada Abbas Ali Khan ( born 23 November 1978 ) , better known as Abbas Ali Khan is Pakistani singer , songwriter and music producer from Islamabad .
Radovan Nastić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Радован Настић ) , also known as Bensedin , born 15 February 1975 , in Belgrade ( Serbia ) .
Matthias Quad ( 1557 - -1613 ) was an engraver and cartographer from Cologne .
Sanchari Vijay ( born c. 1983 ) is an Indian theatre and film actor who primarily works in Kannada cinema , in addition to having worked in Tamil , Telugu and Hindi cinema .
Kayce Freed ( born 1958 ) is a television producer .
Andrew Orlowski ( born 1966 ) is a British columnist , investigative journalist and the executive editor of the IT news and opinion website The Register .
Karen Henthorn ( born 1963 ) is a British character actress who portrayed the role of Teresa Bryant in the long - running British soap opera Coronation Street .
Clive Edwards ( born 19 January 1953 , Hounslow , Middlesex , England ) is a drummer , who is best known as a former member of the British band , UFO ( from August 1989 to June 1993 ) .
Win Pe Myint ( Burmese : ဝင်းဖေမြင့် , pronounced : ( wɪ́ɴ pʰè mjɪ̰ɴ ) ; born 1948 ) is a noted Burmese painter .
Herman Peters ( 1899 - 1989 ) was an Australian rugby league footballer of the 1920s .
Mamdouh Hosny Khalil or Mamdouh Hosni Khalil ( born 7 November 1964 ) is an Egyptian politician .
Jennifer Musa ( 11 November 1917 -- 13 January 2008 ) was an Irish - born nurse , second wife of Qazi Musa , is often nicknamed the `` Queen of Baluchistan '' Jennifer Musa was born Bridget Wren at Tarmons , County Kerry in 1917 .
Dominique Darel ( 1950 - -1978 ) was a French model and actress , mainly active in Italian cinema .
Thomas Krol ( born 16 August 1992 ) is a Dutch speed skater who is specialized in the sprint distances and the 1500 m .
Prakash Puram ( born 1955 ) is President and CEO of iXmatch , and a member of President Bush 's Export Council .
Slobodan Goračinov ( Macedonian and Serbian Cyrillic : Cлoбoдaн Гopaчинов ; born 20 January 1963 ) is a Macedonian football manager and former player .
Tatiana Sorokko ( Russian : Татьяна Николаевна Сорокко , pronunciation Tatj'ana Nikol'ajevna Sorokko ; born 26 December 1971 ) is a Russian - born American model , fashion journalist and haute couture collector .
Rareș Takács ( born 10 December 1991 ) is a Romanian professional football player who plays as a defender for Olimpia Satu Mare .
Marcus Steegmann ( born 4 February 1982 ) is a German football player for Viktoria Köln .
John Breslin ( born 1973 in Dublin ) is an Irish engineer and lecturer at the National University of Ireland , Galway .
Zaine Francis - Angol ( born 30 June 1993 ) is a professional footballer who plays as a left back or left winger for Kidderminster Harriers .
Ceca Krasimirova Dimitrova ( born 24 January 1980 ) more commonly known as Ceci Krasimirova , has been a Bulgarian fashion model since 1990 .
Michele O'Brien ( born 28 June 1980 ) is a soccer striker who plays for the W - League club Chicago Red Eleven .
Walter Segal ( 1907 -- 1985 ) was an architect who developed a system of self - build housing , the Segal self - build method .
Jean Scrivens ( Jean Eileen Scrivens ; born 15 October 1935 in Camberwell , south London ) is a retired British track and field athlete , who competed in the 100 metres .
Yasmina Omrani ( Arabic : ياسمينة عمراني‎;born 1 January 1988 ) is a French - born Algerian track and field athlete who specialises in the heptathlon .
Willy Kutschbach ( 27 May 1907 -- 24 June 1978 ) was a German racing cyclist .
Elle King ( born Tanner Elle Schneider ; July 3 , 1989 ) is an American singer , songwriter , and actress .
Charlotte Mandell ( born 1968 ) is an American literary translator .
Gabriel Gotthard Sweidel , also Sveidel or Sweidell , ( 1744 - March 22 , 1813 Turku ) was a Finnish church painter .
Carol Iovanna ( born 1952 ) was a newscaster on Fox News from 1996 to 2006 .
Shmuel Zakai ( born 1963 ) is an Israeli Brigadier - General who was forcibly discharged from the Israel Defense Forces ( IDF ) in November 2004 by order of Chief of Staff Moshe Yaalon .
Alberto Arenas de Mesa ( born 5 October 1965 ) is a Chilean economist , academic , and Socialist politician .
Jeanne Camus de Pontcarré , marquise d’Urfé ( 1705 - 1775 ) , was a French aristocrat and eccentric widow , with a passion for the occult and alchemy .
Achal Bakeri ( born 1960 ) is an Indian entrepreneur and founder , chairman and managing director of Symphony Limited , the world 's largest air - cooler manufacturing company .
Catherine Feuillet ( born July 1965 ) is a French geneticist who is the head of trait research at Bayer CropScience and a co - chair of the International Wheat Genome Sequencing Consortium ( IWGSC ) .
Jordan Waring ( born 1964 , New York ) is an American composer .
Richard Blackstock ( born 13 July 1838 -- 3 February 1893 ) was an English cricketer active in first - class cricket , making four appearances in the 1850s and 1860s .
Gavin Hood ( born 12 May 1963 ) is a South African filmmaker , screenwriter , producer and actor , best known for writing and directing Tsotsi ( 2005 ) , which won the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film .
John Baragrey ( 15 April 1918 -- 4 August 1975 ) was an American film , television , and stage actor who appeared in virtually every dramatic television series of the 1950s and early 1960s .
Edmilson de Carvalho Barbosa ( born 5 May 1979 in Sao Paulo ) is a Brazilian footballer who currently played for Federação de Futebol de Mato Grosso do Sul .
Regret Iyer alias Satyanarayana Iyer ( born 28 September 1950 ) is a writer , photographer , publisher and regret slip collector , residing in Bangalore , India .
Osman Nuri Gündeş ( born 1925 ) was a Turkish intelligence official in the National Intelligence Organization ( MIT ) .
Tommy Prim ( born 29 July 1955 ) is a retired Swedish professional cyclist who rode for the Italian Bianchi team between the years of 1980 and 1986 .
John Leijten ( born 1 October 1965 ) is an American football coach and former player from the Netherlands .
Bako Sahakyan ( Armenian : Բակո Սահակյան , born 30 August 1960 , sometimes transcribed as Bako Sahakian or Saakian ) is the fourth president of the unrecognized Nagorno - Karabakh Republic .
Beth Denisch ( born Augusta , Georgia , Feb. 25 , 1958 ) is an American composer .
Yosif Shutev ( first name also sometimes transliterated as Iosif ) ( Bulgarian : Йосиф Шутев ) ( born 6 February 1986 ) is a Bulgarian footballer .
William Kyffin Thomas ( 4 November 1821 -- 4 July 1878 ) was a newspaper proprietor in South Australia .
Deniz Hümmet ( born 13 September 1996 ) is a Turkish footballer who plays for Troyes AC . He made his Ligue 2 debut on 13 February 2015 .
Michael Guy Chislett ( born 6 April 1982 ) is an Australian born musician and producer .
Sir Benjamin Keene , KB , ( King 's Lynn , 1697 -- Madrid , 1757 ) was a British diplomat known for his service as British Ambassador to Spain .
Jonathan Jack Sealy ( born 4 May 1987 ) , commonly known as Jack Sealy ( traditional Chinese : 積施利 ; simplified Chinese : 积施利 ; Jyutping : Zik1 Si1 Lei6 ) , is an English - born Hong Kong professional footballer currently playing for Chinese Super League club Changchun Yatai .
Wael Nazha ( born 26 March 1974 ) is a retired Lebanese - Tajik footballer .
Lonnie Vigil ( born 1949 ) is an American potter .
Sabine Steinbach ( later Sabine Klemm , born 18 July 1952 ) is a German former swimmer .
Russ Parr ( born 1959 in California ) is an American radio DJ , film director , writer , actor and television personality known for such television shows as Rock ' N ' America .
Captain Frodo ( born 1976 in Haugesund , Norway ) , also known as `` The Incredible Rubberman '' , is a Guinness World Record breaking contortionist living in Australia .
Vince Vozzo ( born 1954 , Sydney , Australia ) , is a multidisciplinary Australian artist famous for his monumental stone & bronze sculptures .
Jan Heller Levi ( born 1954 , New York City ) is a poet who teaches at CUNY Hunter College 's MFA Program in Creative Writing .
Wu Ningkun ( 巫宁坤 ; born 1920 , in Yangzhou , China ) , is Professor Emeritus of English at the Institute of International Relations in Beijing , where he has taught since 1956 .
Jeremy Allan Ryder , better known as Jack Hues , ( born 10 December 1954 ) is an English musician , who is best known for forming the 1980s British new wave band , Wang Chung .
John Lancelot Todd ( 10 September 1876 -- 27 August 1949 ) was a Canadian physician and parasitologist .
Cornelis de Bruijn ( also spelled Cornelius de Bruyn , pronounced ( də ˈbrœy̯n ) ; 1652 -- 1726/7 ) was a Dutch artist and traveler .
Silvetty Montilla ( born 10 July 1967 , São Paulo ) is a Brazilian drag queen performer , born as born Silvio Cássio Bernardo .
Rick Lamar Farrar , known as Rick L. Farrar ( born 1960 ) , is an attorney in Pineville , Louisiana , who served as the Democratic state representative from District 27 in Rapides Parish from 1992 - -1996 and again from 2000 - 2008 .
Samuel Annesley ( c. 1620 -- 1696 ) was a prominent Puritan and nonconformist pastor , best known for the sermons he collected as the series of Morning Exercises .
Thomas Jennefelt is a Swedish composer born 1954 .
Harvey Anderson ( born 10 October 1972 ) is an English first class cricketer who played all his games for Galle Cricket Club .
Don Murphy ( born April 1967 ) is an American film producer who produced Natural Born Killers and many other films , including Transformers and Transformers :
Kazi M Badruddoza ( born 1 January 1927 in Bogra District ) , is a National Emeritus Scientist working for the National Agricultural Research System of Bangladesh .
Robert Stephen John Sparks , FRS , CBE ( b. 15 May 1949 ) , is Chaning Wills Professor of Geology in the Department of Earth Sciences at the University of Bristol .
Carmine Agnello ( born 1960 in Ozone Park , Queens ) is a New York mobster from the Gambino crime family who ran a scrap metal recycling operation .
Celil Oker ( born 1952 in Kayseri ) is a Turkish crime fiction writer .
Vyacheslav Sakayev ( Сакаев Вячеслав , born 12 January 1988 in Novosibirsk Oblast ) is a Russian athlete , specialized in 400 m hurdles .
Felicitas Kuhn ( born 3 January 1926 ) is an Austrian children 's book illustrator from the 1940s onward .
Paul Harries ( born 20 October 1977 ) is an Australian footballer who played professionally in England .
Mohammed Shabir , sometimes written Mohammed Shbeir , Mohammed Shubair or Mohammed Shubeir , ( Arabic : محمد شبير ; born 1946 ) is the Prime Minister - in - waiting for the next Palestinian unity government .
Omid Hajili ( Persian : امید حاجیلی , born 24 September 1983 ) is an Iranian trumpet player pop singer , musician , composer and music arranger .
Sam Valcke ( born 16 December 1992 ) is a Belgian footballer who plays with Belgian football association Cercle Brugge as a striker .
Baron Pierre - Jacques - Nicolas Rolland ( 17 June 1769 -- 9 December 1837 ) was a French naval architect and engineer .
George Baptist ( 7 January 1808 -- 11 May 1875 ) was a logging contractor , born in Scotland and emigrated to Canada in 1832 .
Ragini Trivedi ( born 22 March 1960 ) is an Indian classical musician performing on vichitra veena , sitar and jal tarang .
Dr. Herbert Gastineau Earle ( 10 August 1882 -- 5 June 1946 ) was an English physiologist .
Anna Lee Walters ( born September 9 , 1946 , Pawnee , Oklahoma ) is an award - winning Pawnee / Otoe - Missouria author .
Princess Margaret of Connaught ( Margaret Victoria Charlotte Augusta Norah ; 15 January 1882 -- 1 May 1920 ) was Crown Princess of Sweden and Duchess of Skåne as the first wife of the future King Gustaf VI Adolf .
James John Floyd ( 1750 -- April 10 , 1783 ) , better known as John Floyd , was a pioneer of the Midwestern United States around the Louisville , Kentucky area where he worked as a surveyor for land development and as a military figure .
Margarita Xhepa ( born 2 April 1932 ) is an Albanian stage and film actress .
Veerappan Murugan or V. Murugan ( born 3 April 1965 ) is a former Malaysian goalkeeper .
Don Barton ( May 29 , 1930 -- July 16 , 2006 ) was a former halfback in the National Football League .
Lee Jae - oh ( Korean : 이재오 , RR : Yi Jae - o , Hanja : 李在伍 ; born 11 January 1945 ) is a conservative South Korean politician of the Saenuri Party .
Russell James ( born 1962 in Perth ) is a fashion , celebrity and beauty photographer .
Cristiano Bortone ( born 2 July 1968 ) is an Italian director , screenwriter and producer .
Derryck Gleaton ( born 30 August 1988 ) , better known as DSharp , is an American violinist , DJ , singer and producer based in Atlantic City , New Jersey .
Ann Maria Bradshaw ( 1801 - -1862 ) , was an English actress and vocalist .
Agostino Lamma ( 1636 - -1700 ) was an Italian painter , active in Venice and specializing in battle paintings .
Maurice Ewens , alias Newport ( 1611 - -1687 ) was an English Jesuit and author .
Callum Paterson ( born 13 October 1994 ) is a Scottish professional footballer who plays for Hearts in the Scottish Premiership , as a right back but has also played as a striker .
Esther Perel ( born 1958 ) is a Belgian psychotherapist notable for exploring the tension between the need for security ( love , belonging and closeness ) and the need for freedom ( erotic desire , adventure and distance ) in human relationships .
Henry Cluney ( born 4 August 1957 , Belfast , Northern Ireland ) was a guitarist in Highway Star , the school band that became Stiff Little Fingers in 1977 .
George Hooper ( 18 November 1640 -- 6 September 1727 ) was a learned and influential English High church cleric of the late seventeenth and early eighteenth centuries .
Enda Oates ( born 1962 ) , occasionally credited as Enda Oats , is an Irish stage , film , and television actor .
Sarah Hay ( born 1987 ) is an American actress and ballet dancer with the Semperoper in Dresden .
Catherine Dulac ( born 1963 ) is a French - American biologist notable for research on the molecular biology of olfactory signaling in mammals , particularly including pheromones .
Colonel Taliaferro Preston Shaffner ( 1811 in Smithfield , Virginia -- December 11 , 1881 in Troy , New York ) was an American inventor and entrepreneur who promoted telegraphy during its infancy .
May Blood , Baroness Blood , MBE ( born 26 May 1938 ) is a Labour member of the British House of Lords .
Francesco Finocchio ( born 30 April 1992 ) is an Italian footballer , who is currently playing for Pordenone .
Edward John Hemming , ( 30 August 1823 -- 17 September 1905 ) , was a lawyer , politician and author .
Larry Burnett was born on November 8 , 1951 and wrote his first song when he was sixteen .
Bend Or ( 1877 - -1903 ) was a British Thoroughbred racehorse who won the 1880 Epsom Derby .
Rafiq Hilmi ( 1898 - -1960 ) was a Kurdish historian , writer and politician born in Kirkuk .
Desmond Tester ( 17 February 1919 -- 31 December 2002 ) was an English film and television actor , host and executive .
Patrick Skene Catling ( born 14 February 1925 ) is a British journalist , author and book reviewer best known for writing The Chocolate Touch in 1952 .
Jeremy Bobb ( born 1981 ) is an American actor who has appeared on stage , television and in feature films .
Chuan - Chih Hsiung ( Chinese : 熊全治 , Pinyin : Xióng Quánzhì ) ( 1916 - -2009 ) , also known as Chuan - Chih Hsiung , C C Hsiung , or Xiong Quanzhi , was a Chinese - born American mathematician specializing in differential geometry .
John M. Goodell ( August 3 , 1823 , New York state - c. 1877 ) was an early and prominent citizen of DeKalb , Illinois .
Boro Vučinić ( born 1954 in Titograd ) is the current head of the Montenegrin National Security Agency , as well as the former Minister of Defense and the former Minister of Urban Planning of Montenegro .
Melek Ahmed Pasha ( c. 1604 - -1662 ) was an Ottoman statesman and grand vizier during the reign of Mehmed IV .
Mirco Antenucci ( born 8 September 1984 ) is an Italian footballer who plays as a striker for English side Leeds United .
Christian Timm ( born 27 February 1979 ) is a German football striker who is currently a free agent .
Esko Tommola ( 3 August 1930 -- 7 April 2008 ) was a Finnish newsreader .
Giannis Siderakis ( Greek : Γιάννης Σιδεράκης , born 16 November 1987 ) is a professional Greek football player , who plays for Aris .
Jonathan Richard Maden ( born 21 September 1972 ) is an English former competitive swimmer who specialised in breaststroke events .
Ognjen Ožegović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Огњен Ожеговић ; born 9 June 1994 ) is a Serbian footballer who currently plays for Vojvodina in Serbian SuperLiga .
Martin Jetter ( 1959- ) , born in Germany , is a computer engineer and businessman .
Andriy Naumov ( born 21 December 1973 ) is a Ukrainian athlete who specialises in long distance running , principally the marathon .
Per Kågeson ' , ( born 14 April 1947 ) in Trollhättan is a Swedish author , scientist , debater and consultant within the area of environmental protection .
Leonard J. Russell ( 1932 -- June 16 , 1985 ) was a mayor ( council chairman ) of Cambridge , Massachusetts and husband of mayor Sheila Russell .
Jordan Kerby ( born 15 August 1992 ) is an Australian professional racing cyclist who is currently riding for Drapac Professional Cycling .
Ilias Spathas ( Greek : Ηλίας Σπάθας ; born 18 February 1980 ) is a Greek international referee who refereed at 2014 FIFA World Cup qualifiers , beginning with the Group H match between Poland and Moldova .
Alison Croggon ( born 1962 ) is a contemporary Australian poet , playwright , fantasy novelist , and librettist .
Roy Moss ( b. August , 1929 ) was an American rockabilly singer .
Danny Finkleman ( born 1942 in Winnipeg , Manitoba ) is a Canadian journalist and radio host , best known for his work on CBC Radio .
Leandro Damião da Silva dos Santos ( Brazilian Portuguese : ( leˈɐ̃dɾu daˈmjɐ̃w̃ ) ; born 22 July 1989 ) , known as Leandro Damião or simply Damião , is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Spanish club Real Betis as a striker .
Antonio di Puccio Pucci ( c. 1350 -- after 1416 ) was an Italian architect and politician from the Pucci family .
Diogo Villarinho ( born 11 March 1994 ) is a Brazilian swimmer , who specialized in open water marathon .
Änis Ben - Hatira ( born 18 July 1988 ) is a German - born Tunisian footballer who currently plays for Eintracht Frankfurt .
Bergur Elías Ágústsson ( born 7 July 1963 ) was the mayor of Norðurþing municipality .
Richard Gilbert Scott ( born 12 December 1923 ) is a British architect , the son of Giles Gilbert Scott and great - grandson of the great Gothic Revival architect George Gilbert Scott .
Nick Jooste ( born 7 July 1997 ) is an Australian people Rugby Union player who currently plays for the Brumbies in the international Super Rugby competition .
Łukasz Rzepecki ( born 5 September 1992 ) is a Polish parliamentarian .
Ursula de Jesus ( 1604 - -1668 ) She was born in Lima , Peru and was the legitimate daughter of Juan Castilla and Isabel de los Rios .
Sir Miles Stapleton , KG ( c. 1408 -- 1 October 1466 ) was Lord of the Manor of Ingham , Norfolk and de jure Baron Ingham of Ingham , Norfolk , and Lord of the Manor of Bedale , Yorkshire .
Elizabeth Cailo ( born 2 July 1987 ) is an Angolan handball player who plays for the club Primeiro de Agosto .
Michelle Wibowo ( born 1978 , Indonesia ) is a British sugar craft artist whose specialty is making sculpted cakes and sugar sculpture
Clara Sue Kidwell ( born July 8 , 1941 ) is an academic scholar , historian , feminist and Native American author who is of White Earth Chippewa and Choctaw descent .
Joseph Edward Penny , Jr. , credited as Joe Penny ( born 24 June 1956 ) is an actor best known for his roles as Nick Ryder on the detective series Riptide from 1984 - -86 , and as Jake Styles in the CBS television series Jake and the Fatman from 1987 - 92 .
Janee Michelle ( born Geneva Leona Mercadel ; 1946 ) , also known as Gee Tucker , is an American actor , model , dancer , and businessperson , best known for her role in the 1974 horror film The House on Skull Mountain .
Patricia Gibson - Howell ( born 1966 ) is a British actress of stage and screen .
Cristóbal Martí Batalla ( born 22 May 1903 , date of death unknown ) is a Spanish former football player and manager .
Scott Morphett ( born 24 March 1965 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for Geelong in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) and Woodville - West Torrens in the South Australian National Football League ( SANFL ) .
Seyed Ahmed Seyed Alavi Moulana ( born 1 January 1932 ) was the 5th Governor of Western Province , having assumed office on 1 February 2002 .
Davis Filfred ( born 1967 ) is an American politician for the Navajo Nation Council Delegate in the Utah Navajo Section .
Thierry Martens ( 29 January 1942 -- 27 June 2011 ) was a Belgian author who wrote under the pen name Yves Varende , writer of science fiction and detective novels , short stories and comics .
Santhosh Narayanan ( born 15 May 1983 ) is an Indian film composer and musician in the Tamil film industry .
Cláudio Hummes , OFM ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( ˈklawdʒu ˈʁum(i)s ) , born 8 August 1934 ) is a Brazilian Cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church .
Nelson Elder ( born January 1923 ) was a unionist politician in Northern Ireland .
Olivier Doleuze ( born April 1972 ) is a French born jockey and is considered to be one of the world 's premier jockeys .
Matthew Ryan Hoge ( born 1974 ) is an American writer and film director , known for writing and directing The United States of Leland ( 2003 ) .
Ernst Welteke ( born 21 August 1942 ) was the president of Deutsche Bundesbank from September 1999 until he resigned in 2004 .
Melissa Chiu ( born 1972 ) is a museum director , curator and author , and the Director of the Hirshhorn Museum and Sculpture Garden .
Julien N'Da ( born 15 August 1985 ) is an Ivorian / French footballer .
Stephen Corey ( born 1948 ) is the editor of the Georgia Review .
Angelos Charisteas ( Greek : Άγγελος Χαριστέας , pronounced ( ˈaɲɟelos xariˈste.as ) ; born 9 February 1980 ) is a retired Greek footballer .
Areliz Benel Bolaños ( born 28 October 1988 ) is a Peruvian actress , best known for her role as Shirley Gonzales in the TV series Al Fondo Hay Sitio .
Des Collins ( born 15 April 1923 ) is an English retired professional footballer who played as a winger in the Football League .
Basil Cameron , CBE ( 18 August 1884 -- 26 June 1975 ) was an English conductor .
Dean Shomshak ( born 1964 ) is the author of supplements for role playing games .
Paul Darmanin ( born 6 November 1940 ) is a Maltese catholic prelate who currently serves as the Bishop of Garissa in Kenya .
Ye Qiuyu ( Chinese : 叶秋语 ; pinyin : Yè Qiūyǔ ; born 29 November 1997 ) is a Chinese tennis player .
Eleanor Kasrils ( b. March 1936 , Kilmarnock - d. 2009 ) was a Scottish - South African anti - apartheid activist who created ANC cells in Scotland , and opposed the activities of the UK government in Africa in the 1980s .
Karl Schubert ( 20 May 1908 -- March 1991 ) was a German swimmer who won a silver medal at the 1931 European Aquatics Championships .
Nirmala Devi was born on 7 June 1927 , in the holy city of Varanasi ( then known as Banares ) , in the northern Indian state of Uttar Pradesh .
Majid Torkan ( born 1965 in Sari ) is an Iranian freestyle wrestler in Flyweight class , who won the gold medal by World Championship 1990 .
Darren Debono ( born 9 January 1974 ) is one of Maltese 's most experienced football players .
Paul Gagnon ( born 17 September 1937 , in Moose Jaw , Saskatchewan ) was a Progressive Conservative party member of the Canadian House of Commons .
Sheila Chipperfield ( born 17 June 1975 in Coventry , England ) was , from 1996 to 1998 , the bassist in the London - based rock band , Elastica .
Keon Kenroy Peters ( born on 24 February 1982 ) is a St Vincent - born cricketer who played in the Under-19 Cricket World Cup for the West Indies in 2000 .
Rolando Sarraff Trujillo ( born 22 August 1963 ) is a Cuban intelligence officer who was convicted for espionage for the United States Central Intelligence Agency .
Madeline Obrigewitsch ( born 11 August 1995 ) , better known by her stage name Madeline Juno , is a German singer - songwriter .
Sir John Smith , 1st Baronet ( 1744 -- 1807 ) was High Sheriff of Dorset in 1772 and the progenitor of the Smith - Marriott Baronetcy .
Colin Sleep ( born 8 October 1944 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Fitzroy in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) during the 1960s .
James Hugh Keeley , Jr. ( 1898 - -1975 ) was an American diplomat .
Anthonie Andriessen , who was born at Amsterdam in 1746 , painted , in conjunction with his brother Jurriaan , under whom he studied , landscapes and figure - pieces .
David Florimbi ( 1961 ) is an American - born artist living in Santa Barbara , California .
Humbert I of Viennois ( c. 1240 -- 12 April 1307 ) was baron of la Tour - du - Pin and then also became , by his marriage , dauphin of Viennois .
Simon Faeh ( sometimes listed as Simon Fäh , born 10 May 1982 ) is a Swiss sprint canoer who competed in the mid-2000s .
William Parker Foulke ( 1816 -- 1865 ) discovered the first full dinosaur skeleton in North America ( Hadrosaurus foulkii , which means `` Foulke 's big lizard '' ) in Haddonfield , New Jersey in 1858 .
David Mindich ( born 1963 in New York City ) is a press critic , media historian , and professor at Saint Michael 's College in Colchester , Vermont where he served as the chair of the journalism and mass communication department from 2000 to 2006 .
Kalamandalam Hyderali ( 5 September 1946 -- 5 January 2006 ) ( Malayalam : കലാമണ്ഡലം ഹൈദരാലി ) was one of the best Kathakali singers of his generation , and the first non - Hindu artiste to make a mark in the four - century - old classical dance - drama from Kerala in south India .
David William Boyd ( born 17 September 1941 ) is a Canadian mathematician who does research on harmonic and classical analysis , inequalities related to geometry , number theory , and polynomial factorization , sphere packing , number theory involving Diophantine approximation and Mahler 's measure , and computer computations .
Anatoly Bogovik ( Ukrainian : Анатолій Боговик ; born 6 October 1947 ) is a Soviet and Ukrainian football manager and former player .
Douglas Simmonds ( 18 February 1958 -- 15 March 2011 ) was a British child actor , who played the part of Doughnut in the British television show Here Come the Double Deckers .
Herb Drinkwater ( 1936 -- December 28 , 1997 ) was an American politician from the state of Arizona .
Kate Victoria Tunstall ( born 23 June 1975 ) , known by her stage name KT Tunstall , is a Scottish singer - songwriter and musician .
Dave Seaman ( born 29 April 1968 ) is a British dance music DJ and record producer .
Cătălin Anghel ( born 4 October 1974 ) is a former Romanian footballer who currently works as assistant manager .
Neal Menzies ( born 7 December 1959 ) is an Australian professor of soil science at the University of Queensland .
Susan Loy ( born 1951 ) is an American artist , calligrapher , and author best known for her `` Literary Calligraphy '' watercolor paintings of the Language of Flowers and the White House Easter Egg Roll .
Michael Lessac ( born 1940 ) is a theatre , television , and film director and screenwriter .
Matteo Busato ( born 20 December 1987 ) is an Italian racing cyclist , currently riding for Southeast Pro Cycling team .
Konangi ( Tamil : கோணங்கி ) ( born 1 November 1956 ) is the pen name of the Tamil writer Ilangovan .
Abdulla Shamaal MA MSc psc ( born 5 July 1969 ) is a Brigadier General in the Maldives National Defence Force ( MNDF ) and has a military service of more than 25 years .
Mark L. Grover ( born 1947 ) is an expert on Mormonism in Brazil and an author on religion in Latin America .
Boris Malagurski ( Serbian Cyrillic : Борис Малагурски ; born 11 August 1988 ) is a Serbian - Canadian film director , producer , writer , television host and activist .
John Crumplin ( born 26 May 1967 in Bath ) is a former professional football player who played for the English club Brighton & Hove Albion in the late 80s and early 90s .
Eva - Maria Brem ( born 13 September 1988 ) is an Austrian World Cup alpine ski racer , and specialises in giant slalom .
António Conceição da Silva Oliveira ( born 6 December 1961 ) , known as Toni Conceição , is a former Portuguese professional footballer who played as a right back , and the current manager of Romanian club CFR Cluj .
Ryan Farquhar ( born 2 February 1976 Dungannon , Northern Ireland ) is a professional motorcycle racer who primarily competes in road racing .
Małgorzata Dawidek Gryglicka ( 13 July 1976 ) is a Polish visual artist , writer and art historian , currently based in the UK .
Mateja Svet ( pronunciation ) ( born 16 August 1968 ) is a former Slovenian alpine skier .
Edmund T. Pratt , Jr. ( 1927 - September 5 , 2002 ) was the Chairman and CEO of Pfizer Inc ..
DxO OpticsPro is a commercial and proprietary raw image processing software by DxO Labs , first released in 2004 or earlier .
Grand Prix Story is an auto racing management simulation video game developed and published by Kairosoft for the Android and iOS operating systems .
WWE 2K14 is a professional wrestling video game developed by Yuke 's & Visual Concepts and published by 2 K Sports for the PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 .
Major Havoc ( or The Adventures of Major Havoc ) is an upright cabinet vector - based arcade game made by Atari in 1983 .
The Order : 1886 is a third - person action - adventure video game developed by Ready at Dawn and SCE Santa Monica Studio and published by Sony Computer Entertainment .
Privacy Badger is a free software web browser extension for Google Chrome and Mozilla Firefox , created by the Electronic Frontier Foundation .
Monster Hunter Dynamic Hunting is a fighting game developed and published by Capcom for iOS .
AlphaGo is a computer program developed by Google DeepMind to play the board game Go .
The Compu - Math series are mathematics tutorials developed and published by Edu - Ware Services in the 1980s .
Microsoft Train Simulator ( abbreviated to MSTS ) is a train simulator for Microsoft Windows , released in July 2001 and developed by UK - based Kuju Entertainment .
NI Measurement Studio is a set of test and measurement components built by National Instruments , that integrates into the Microsoft Visual Studio environment .
Instead , whilst they were focusing on other projects , Magicland Dizzy was designed by Neal Vincent and coded by external developer Big Red Software .
Mr. Heli , fully titled in Japan as Mr. HELI no Daibōken ( Ｍｒ．ＨＥＬＩの大冒険 , `` Mr. Heli 's Great Adventure '' ) and known in North America as Battle Chopper , is a 1987 multidirectional scrolling shoot 'em up arcade game developed and published by Irem .
JumpStart Kindergarten ( known as Jump Ahead Classic Kindergarten in the UK version ) is an educational personal computer game released by Knowledge Adventure in 1994 .
MSN QnA ( formerly Live Search QnA and Windows Live QnA , codenamed Answers ) , was a question and answer service , part of Microsoft 's MSN group of services .
Dragon Wars is a fantasy role - playing video game developed by Rebecca Heineman and published by Interplay Entertainment in 1989 , and distributed by Activision .
Protect Me Knight ( also known as Protect Me Knight : Mamotte Kishi ) is a retro style action tower defense video game developed by Ancient for the Xbox 360 's Xbox Live Indie Games service .
Kar2ouche was an educational software product developed by Immersive Education , a joint project between Oxford University and Intel that started in 1999 .
Gravitar is a color vector graphics arcade game released by Atari , Inc. in 1982 .
Shadowgrounds is a top - down shooter for Microsoft Windows , Linux and Mac OS X , developed by Frozenbyte .
Cute Knight was originally developed by Hanako Games and is based on the Princess Maker series .
Dragon Age is a high fantasy role - playing video game series created by BioWare .
Nightmare Creatures II is a survival horror video game developed by Kalisto Entertainment and published by Konami for the PlayStation and Dreamcast .
Developed by Naked Sky Entertainment , Twister Mania is published by Majesco Entertainment Company and is rated E for Everyone by the ESRB .
Highway Patrol 2 is a vehicle simulation and racing game developed by Microïds in 1991 .
Family Slot Car Racing ( Okiraku Slot Car Racing in Japan ) is a racing game developed by Arc System Works for WiiWare .
EPrints has been developed at the University of Southampton School of Electronics and Computer Science and released under a GPL license .
Monster Lab is a video game for the Wii , PlayStation 2 and Nintendo DS that was developed by Backbone Entertainment 's Vancouver , British Columbia - based studio and published by Eidos .
Trade Nations is a trading simulation social network game developed and published by Z2Live .
10,000 Bullets was directed by Suikoden franchise creator Yoshitaka Murayama , who left Konami in 2002 and started his own development firm , Blue Moon Studio , shortly thereafter .
NeuroSolutions is a neural network development environment developed by NeuroDimension .
Quadrun is a video game published in 1983 by Atari for the Atari 2600 console .
TOCA Race Driver 3 ( also known as DTM Race Driver 3 in mainland Europe , V8 Supercars 3 in Australia , and TOCA Race Driver 3 Challenge in the PlayStation Portable version ) is the third title of TOCA racing video game series , developed and published by Codemasters , and released in 2006 .
Wreckateer is a puzzle video game developed by Iron Galaxy Studios and published by Microsoft Studios for the Xbox 360 gaming console .
101 MiniGolf World is an arcade sports game developed by Teyon for the Nintendo DSiWare .
Otto Matic is a 2001 action - adventure video game originally developed by Pangea Software and published by Aspyr Media for the Mac OS X. Soon after the release , it was bundled with certain newly released computers .
Marvel Pinball is an arcade pinball video game developed by Zen Studios .
XMLBeans is a Java - to - XML binding framework which is part of the Apache Software Foundation XML project .
Pocket Trains is a business simulation video game developed by NimbleBit for iOS and Android .
HomeOS is the working title of a home automation operating system under development by Microsoft Research .
Trials HD is an Xbox Live Arcade game developed by RedLynx and published by Microsoft Game Studios .
Amnesia Fortnight 2012 is a bundle of prototypes made during a two - week public prototyping session in 2012 by Double Fine Productions , which was held in conjunction with the Humble Bundle group in 2012 .
Sneak King is one of three titles released by Burger King and developed by Blitz Games as part of five week promotional campaign between November 19 and December 24 , 2006 .
The Open Packaging Conventions ( OPC ) is a container - file technology initially created by Microsoft to store a combination of XML and non - XML files that together form a single entity such as an Open XML Paper Specification ( OpenXPS ) document .
FIFA World was a free - to - play massively multiplayer online football game developed by Electronic Arts .
Jtest is an automated Java software testing and static analysis product that is made by Parasoft .
Steel Storm is an independent video game series developed by Kot - in - Action Creative Artel using the free software DarkPlaces engine that were released for Microsoft Windows , Mac OS X , and Linux platforms .
Cloning Clyde is a side - scroller platform computer game developed by NinjaBee .
Sierra Championship Boxing is a boxing video game developed by Evryware and published by Sierra On - Line in 1983 .
Android Wear is a version of Google 's Android operating system designed for smartwatches and other wearables .
Dr. Luigi , released in Japan as Dr. Luigi & Saikin Bokumetsu ( Dr. LUIGI & 細菌撲滅 Dr. Luigi & Bacterial Eradication ) , is a puzzle video game for the Wii U console , developed by Nintendo and Arika .
Hanging with Friends is a multi - player word game developed by Zynga with Friends ( formerly Newtoy , Inc. ) , which also developed Words with Friends .
WeBWorK was originally developed at the University of Rochester by professors Michael Gage , and Arnold Pizer .
CatChum was written by Yahoo Software of Los Angeles , California .
Immune Attack is an educational video game created by the Federation of American Scientists and Escape Hatch Entertainment .
Windows Marketplace for Mobile was a service by Microsoft for its Windows Mobile platform that allowed users to browse and download applications that had been developed by third parties .
Midnight Rescue ! is an educational and entertainment hybrid computer game created by The Learning Company in 1989 for Windows and Macintosh PCs . The program is designed to help strengthen the reading and critical thinking skills of children grades three to five .
Alan Hansen 's Sports Challenge is a sports based quiz video game for Wii , PlayStation 2 and Microsoft Windows platforms developed by Oxygen Studios and published by Oxygen Games .
GNU GRUB ( short for GNU GRand Unified Bootloader ) is a boot loader package from the GNU Project .
Beat Head is a prototype platform arcade game unreleased by Atari Games .
Xenix is a discontinued version of the Unix operating system for various microcomputer platforms , licensed by Microsoft from AT&T Corporation in the late 1970s .
In March 1938 , a few days after the Anschluss of Austria into the German Reich , the administration of both the Hagenbund and the Secession were brought into in to line with the thinking of the Nazi party by existing members of the respective organisation .
Since 1 July 2007 , it is part of the new city of Dessau - Roßlau .
Sidney Gottlieb ( born as Joseph Scheider ; August 3 , 1918 -- March 7 , 1999 ) was an American chemist and spymaster best known for his involvement with the Central Intelligence Agency 's 1950s and ' 60s assassination attempts and mind control program , known as Project MKUltra .
Ulrike Schaede ( born 1962 ) is Professor of Japanese Business at the Graduate School of International Relations and Pacific Studies at the University of California , San Diego .
Springland International is a Publicly Traded retail company in Hong Kong .
Mushroom Records was an Australian independent record label , founded in 1972 in Melbourne .
Suksun was first mentioned as a settlement in 1651 .
The National Rail Corporation was an Australian rail operator established by the Federal , New South Wales and Victoria governments in February 1992 .
Vidyalankar Institute of Technology was started in the year 1999 after having secured permission from the AICTE and University of Mumbai . It has slowly gained popularity and today attracts top talent .
Swedish Swedish thrash / death metal band Impious was formed by Valle Adzic and Martin Åkesson in April 1994 .
Carbon Leaf got their start at Randolph - Macon College in Virginia in 1992 , practicing in an auditorium on campus .
Daou Technology Inc. ( Korean : 다우기술 , KRX : 023590 ) , Republic of Korea , was founded in 1986 as an information technology ( IT ) company , providing and conducting enterprise software development , System Integration ( SI ) , IT consulting , IT outsourcing and Internet service business .
The IFT Research & Development Award has been awarded since 1997 .
FA Sápmi was established in March 2014 as the successor of the 2003 founded Sámi Football Association ( SSL , Northern Sami : Sámi Spábbáčiekčanlihttu ) , which had not been active in few years and had some financial trouble .
Allied Wallet was founded by businessman Andy Khawaja ( then Ahmad Khawaja ) in California in 2002 .
Agent Steel is an American speed metal band from Los Angeles , California that was formed in 1984 by singer John Cyriis ( birth name disputed , possibly João Campos or Jean Pierre ) , and drummer Chuck Profus .
Mosaddek Ali Falu , a BNP politician , and Enayetur Rahman Bappi , ntv 's managing director , officially launched Amar Desh on 23 September 2004 .
The Creeping Nobodies were a Canadian rock band formed in Toronto , Ontario in 2001 .
FK Ventspils was founded in 1997 with the merger of two former Ventspils clubs --
In September , 2009 , Ecosia received $ 21,500 in seed capital , and the search engine launched on 7 December , 2009 , to coincide with UN climate talks in Copenhagen .
New York Feminist Art Institute opened in June 1979 at 325 Spring Street in the Port Authority Building .
Front Line Assembly ( FLA ) is a Canadian electro - industrial band formed by Bill Leeb in 1986 after leaving Skinny Puppy .
Mister Bahamas is pageant that was established in 2012 .
The club SC Borussia Neunkirchen was founded out of the 1907 merger of FC 1905 Borussia and SC Neunkirchen .
Parfums Caron is a French perfume house , established by Ernest Daltroff ( 1867 - -1941 ) in 1904 .
Pacari Chocolate was founded in 2002 by Santiago Peralta and Carla Barboto , who own and operate the company .
Boies , Schiller & Flexner L.L.P. is an American law firm founded by David Boies and Jonathan D. Schiller in 1997 .
Prior to 9 October 2006 , Movies4Men 2 was previously known as ACTIONMAX .
The Giustino Fortunato University ( Italian : Università degli Studi Giustino Fortunato ) , often simply abbreviated as `` Unifortunato '' is a private university founded in 2006 in Benevento , Italy .
Wildlife Alliance was originally founded in 1994 by a group of American and British conservationists under the name Global Survival Network , and reorganized in 1999 as WildAid .
Flying Fish Brewing Company is a small craft beer brewer founded in Cherry Hill , New Jersey ( approximately seven miles east of Philadelphia ) in 1995 and opened for business in late 1996 .
Mira Costa High School ( MCHS , `` Costa '' ) is a four - year public high school located in Manhattan Beach , California , United States that first began operating in 1950 .
SÍF Sandavágur was founded in 1906 ; although the club is one of oldest in the Faroe Islands , SÍF only played in the top division ( now Vodafonedeildin ) three times : 1989 , 1990 and 1992 , since the league 's creation in 1942 .
Capstone Turbine Corporation , incorporated in 1988 , is a California based gas turbine manufacturer that specializes in microturbine power along with heating and cooling cogeneration systems .
Rajadhani Institute of Engineering and Technology ( RIET ) , established in 2009 , is a private self - financing technical institution in Thiruvananthapuram , Kerala , India .
ViiV Healthcare is a pharmaceutical company specialising in the development of therapies for HIV that was created as a joint venture by Pfizer and GlaxoSmithKline in November 2009 with both companies transferring their HIV assets to the new company .
Les Wriggles is a French music group that formed in 1995 made up of five members , Christophe Gendreau , Stéphane Gourdon , Frédéric Volovitch , Antoine Réjasse , and Franck Zerbib .
Keyhole , Inc. , founded in 2001 , was a pioneering software development company specializing in geospatial data visualization applications and was acquired by Google in 2004 .
Kemppi , is a Finnish company , founded in 1949 by Martti Kemppi .
First launched in 2012 at the National Association of Realtors ( NAR ) Convention in Washington , D.C. , Qazzoo owns several patents on and also has several patent applications on file with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office relating to online advertising and is continuing to expend the IP portfolio .
In 1991 , following the split of the old Anambra State into Anambra and Enugu States , the Awka and Nnewi campuses of the former ASUTECH were constituted into Nnamdi Azikiwe University by the Anambra State Edict No.5 of November 26 , 1991 .
The Melos Ensemble is a group of musicians who started in 1950 in London to play chamber music in mixed instrumentation of string instruments , wind instruments and others .
Quicksilver Software , Inc. was founded in 1984 by three Intellivision programmers from Mattel Electronics .
On the basis of an independence referendum held on 21 May 2006 , Montenegro declared independence on 3 June of that year .
Hackerspace.gr ( ' hsgr ' ) is a hackerspace in Athens , Greece , established in 2011 .
The Rifles was formed on 1 February 2007 by the amalgamation of the four Light Infantry and Rifle Regiments of the Light Division :
The Pentax K-50 is a 16.3-megapixel mid - level Pentax digital single - lens reflex camera , announced on 12 June 2013 .
The Armed is a band from Detroit , Michigan playing a blend of hardcore punk and extreme metal since 2009 .
A new side , Chester Gladiators Rugby League Football Club , was formed in April 2008 by a group of enthusiasts who shared a belief that the sport could prosper in the area .
Gravitas Ventures , LLC is an international film distribution company formed in 2006 by Nolan Gallagher .
Founded in Stockbridge , Edinburgh in 1947 by the Scottish bakery owner William Alexander , the company was named after the Golden Wonder potato .
Intertek can trace its origins from a marine surveying business formed by Caleb Brett in the 1890s , a testing laboratory formed by Milton Hersey in Montreal in 1888 and a lamp testing centre established by Thomas Edison in 1896 .
The Pakokku U Ohn Pe literary award ( Burmese : ပခုက္ကူ ဦးအုန်းဖေ စာပေဆု ) is a literary award for Burmese writers that was established in 1992 by the businessman Pakokku U Ohn Pe , who initially provided K7.6 million to be used for prizes .
Founded in 1903 , it publishes three academic journals ( American Political Science Review , Perspectives on Politics , and PS : Political Science & Politics ) .
Innopolis was established on December 24 , 2012 as a technology park .
Schon Properties entered the UAE real estate market in 1996 .
The Roanoke Express were a team in the ECHL from 1993 until 2004 .
Swindon 105.5 was launched on Saturday the 15th of March 2008 at The County Ground , Home of Swindon Town F.C. with the Town Crier of Swindon , Fred Ferris .
SM City Tarlac was opened to the public on April 30 , 2010 after almost 2 years of planning and construction .
Project Damage Control ( PDC ) was formed by Alan Sandifer and Brent Handy in 2004 .
FC Arsenal-2 Tula ( Russian : ФК `` Арсенал-2 '' Тула ) is a Russian football team from Tula , founded in 2012 .
The Scottish Senior Citizens Unity Party ( SSCUP ) was formed on 3 February 2003 , in time to contest that year 's elections to the Scottish Parliament .
On September 9 , 2013 , NCG Banco announced that it would sell the EVO Banco division to the American private equity firm Apollo Global Management for 60 million euros .
Founded in 1926 by the Radio Corporation of America ( RCA ) , NBC is the oldest major broadcast network in the United States .
Dark Fortress is a melodic black metal band from Landshut , Germany , formed in 1994 .
Slant Six Games was a Canadian Independent video game developer founded in 2005 .
The Morgenland Festival Osnabrück is a German music festival that has taken place since 2005 at various venues in Osnabrück , Germany .
Founded by film majors from William Paterson University in 2008 , Killer Goose Films has produced and co - produced nine short films and is currently in production on a feature - length documentary about College Radio Day .
East African Safari Air Limited was founded by Anthony A Kegode , and derived from a company known as Car Hire Services ( Aviation ) Limited , which was incorporated on or about 16 May 1989 in the Companies Registry as No . C. 40158 .
Founded in Clearwater , FL by Edward C. Raymund in November 1974 , Tech Data Corporation marketed data processing supplies for mini and mainframe computers .
Mossimo is a mid - range American clothing company , founded in 1986 by designer Mossimo Giannulli , and currently owned by Iconix Brand Group .
Köpenicker Blues und Jazz Festival is an open air jazz festival held every summer since 1996 in Berlin , Germany .
Ecologists Without Borders Association ( Slovene : Društvo Ekologi brez meja ) is a non - profit environmentalist organization founded in March 2009 in Slovenia with the intent of organizing environmental projects .
The Belizean Writers and Poets Society is a literary organization established in 2005 to promote Belizean writing and poetry .
Beginning in 2013 , the promotion began to produce Life in Color Festival , a music festival with multiple stages and a larger lineup of performers .
Joplin Demize is an American amateur soccer club based in Joplin , Missouri , which began play in the fourth - tier National Premier Soccer League ( NPSL ) in May 2014 with the 2014 NPSL season .
Following early testing based on Klingberg 's research , Cogmed was founded in 2001 at the Karolinska Institutet in Stockholm .
Founded in July 2008 by a group of former Ardence executives , IntervalZero is headed by CEO Jeffrey D. Hibbard .
Founded in 1971 1973 Establishment of the Institute of Livestock Processing Co. , Ltd. 1975 Change of the company name to Nihon Shokken Co. , Ltd. 1989 start `` BANSANKAN ''
In 1995 , Jay T. Deakins , founder and President , formed Deacom in his mother - in - law 's basement .
PlanetLove was an annual Northern Irish electronic music festival which was held since 1998 - with a skipped year in 2004 .
Survata was a member of the Summer 2012 Y Combinator class .
In 1991 , high - schoolers Mac Powell and Mark Lee formed Third Day as a Christian music group with pianist Billy Wilkins and guitarist August McCoy .
In 2011 , it was announced that Hell Within would be breaking up , with their last show taking place on November 11 in their hometown of Lowell .
Uncaged Campaigns was established in 1993 by Angela Roberts and Lynn Williamson .
In 1968 the electronics business of Thomson - Brandt merged with Compagnie Générale de Télégraphie Sans Fil ( CSF ) to form Thomson - CSF .
CommerceHub was formed in 1997 to develop e - commerce integration services for the sharing of data and business processes between trading partners .
Kremenchuk was supposedly founded in 1571 .
Irving Tissue was started in 1988 in Saint John , New Brunswick after J.D. Irving acquired a tissue paper mill from Kimberly - Clark in the city 's west side ( adjacent to Irving Pulp and Paper ) .
In 2014 , the unit was again renamed into the Light Reaction Regiment due to its heroic stand in Zamboanga in September 2013 .
FC Vestsjælland was founded in January 2008 as the professional structure comprising the first team of the mother club , Slagelse B&I ( SBI ) .
The English Shinty Association was founded in 2013 by three ex - University Shinty players with a passion for reviving the game in England .
Fieldhead are a British band formed in Leeds , England , in 2008 and led by Paul Elam , a member of The Declining Winter .
The Citizens Centre for Freedom and Democracy was established in 2003 , by Link Byfield , a journalist and businessman best known as a writer , editor , and publisher of the Alberta Report magazine , and one of Alberta 's senators - in - waiting .
The National Order of the Southern Cross ( Portuguese : Ordem Nacional do Cruzeiro do Sul ) is a Brazilian order of chivalry founded by Emperor Pedro I on 1 December 1822 .
The first Miss Mongolia competition took place in 2001 .
The New York International Independent Film and Video Festival was a film , music and art series of events at various American cities , founded in 1993 .
The Amphi Festival is a music festival that has been taking place since 2005 featuring a wide - ranging program for a heterogeneous audience , albeit primarily fans of alternative , electronic music , and dark music .
FC Wels is an Austrian association football club founded in 2003 by the merger of the traditional clubs SK Eintracht Wels and FC Union .
Les Dissonances ( The Dissonances ) is a European classical music orchestra created in 2004 by the violinist David Grimal .
In 1997 , a group of state - based LGBT advocacy organizations came together to form the Equality Federation , which originally operated as a volunteer - run coalition .
Prismacolor is a brand of professional artists ' supplies originated by Berol in 1938 , and now manufactured by Newell Rubbermaid .
The Gersch was founded in Boston , Massachusetts in 1996 .
EurActiv.com was founded in 1999 by Christophe Leclercq , following which EurActiv.fr was launched to cater EU news to the French population .
The Amateurliga Saarland was the highest football league in the state of Saarland and the third tier of the German football league system from 1951 , when the clubs from the Saar returned to Germany , till the formation of the Oberliga Südwest and the Verbandsliga Saarland below it in 1978 .
Aeon Zen are a progressive metal band formed in 2008 , led by founding member Rich Hinks .
Schiersteiner Kantorei ( Schierstein Chorale ) is a German concert choir , founded in 1962 at the Christophoruskirche in Wiesbaden - Schierstein .
Zyklon was a Norwegian blackened death metal band formed in 1998 by Samoth and Trym of Emperor , along with members of Myrkskog .
RenewableUK Cymru 's activities commenced in 2006 with the appointment of a full time Wales officer , Llywelyn Rhys .
Spare Change Payments was founded in 2007 by Mark Rose , Simon Ru and Lex Bayer , with offices in Cupertino , California .
The company was founded in 2008 by Karnika E. Yashwant and branded as KEY Difference .
The Bradenton Explorers were one of the eight original franchises that began play in the Senior Professional Baseball Association in 1989 .
The Van Riebeeck Society is a South African organisation founded in 1918 , setting itself the goal of republishing historical primary sources and making these available to the average reader .
Avantel was founded in October 1994 by Mexican investors partnered with Banamex and MCI ( acquired by Verizon Communications ) after the deregulation of the communications industry in Mexico .
106.9 West Hull FM formerly known as ( WHCR FM ) West Hull Community Radio , is a local community radio station , which launched in 2007 , as the first community station in the city of Kingston upon Hull , England .
The Hollywood Book Festival , which includes an awards ceremony and daytime festival , has been in existence since 2006 .
Codeseven was formed in 1995 as a melodic hardcore band in Winston - Salem , North Carolina .
The Simone de Beauvoir Prize ( French : Prix Simone de Beauvoir pour la liberté des femmes ) is an international human rights prize for women 's freedom , awarded since 2008 to individuals or groups fighting for gender equality and opposing breaches of human rights .
Modern High School for Girls was founded by Mrs. B.M. Birla on January 3 , 1952 .
The Northern Transylvania Holocaust Memorial Museum is located in Șimleu Silvaniei , Romania and was opened September 11 , 2005 .
Rire & Chansons is created by Jean - Paul Baudecroux in 1989 in Paris on the Parisian frequency of the defunct radio station Pacific FM , which was acquired by the NRJ Group and the frequencies were redistributed to Chérie FM .
Churchill Investments Group , also known as CIG Investments , was launched in 1986 as an energy trading and communications company .
Cavendish Corporate Finance was co - founded in 1988 by Lord Leigh of Hurley , Senior Partner at Cavendish and Hugo Haddon - Grant , who currently acts as a business consultant for the company .
In 2001 , the Nanhai Neusoft Institute of Information opened at Nanhai Software Park in Foshan ( Guangdong province ) , as well as the Chengdu Neusoft University in Dujiangyan , near Chengdu ( Sichuan Province ) .
Adam Pressley and Ryan Spencer formed Jamaican Queens in Detroit in 2011 .
On May 30 , 2013 , the Federal Government of Somalia announced that the Cabinet had approved draft legislation on a new Somali Disaster Management Agency ( SDMA ) , which had originally been proposed by the Ministry of Interior .
Tormentor is a black metal band formed in 1986 in Budapest , Hungary .
The Polish Rifle Squads ( Polskie Drużyny Strzeleckie , PDS ) was a Polish pro - independence paramilitary organization , founded in 1911 by the Youth Independence Organization Zarzewie in the Austro - Hungarian sector of partitioned Poland .
Big Ten Network was launched at 8:00 p.m. Eastern Time on August 30 , 2007 , with Big Ten Tonight as its inaugural program .
Rockland Records is an American record label founded by R&B recording artist and record producer R. Kelly in 1998 , Having distribution from Interscope Records .
Belmont Books was an American publisher of paperback books founded in 1960 .
Sally Cruise was a wholly owned subsidiary of Rederi Ab Sally , Finland that operated cruise ships on the Baltic Sea between the years 1986 and 1992 .
The Virginia Discovery Museum was incorporated in 1981 .
Ford Field was constructed after Comerica Park , opening in 2002 .
Larry Sherman and Screamin '' Rachael Cain , co - owners and founders of Trax Records , began operations in 1983 by purchasing Musical Products , and Trax Records began in 1984 .
Between 2005 and 2011 , the company was called Fiat Powertrain Technologies S.p . A. and included industrial and commercial power train activities that are now a separate entity called FPT Industrial and a subsidiary of Fiat Industrial .
Steppenwolf Theatre Company is a Tony Award - winning Chicago theatre company founded in 1974 by Gary Sinise , Terry Kinney , Jeff Perry , and H.E. Baccus in the Unitarian church on Half Day Road in Deerfield .
He became a pilot , and the loss of his first wife and son in a plane crash did not stop him from moving to Compton , California , in 1947 and establishing Arrow Air .
Winner of the 2006 Billy Hyde Drum Championships 2x Winner at the 2007 JB Hi - Fi Awards , Best Alternative Rock Song - `` Someone Sued Superman '' and Best Artist - Tom Ugly .
Nord University is a Norwegian state university , which was established by the King - in - Council on 9 October 2015 .
Matsieng is a Setswana traditional music trio formed in 2005 in Gaborone Botswana .
Performance Channel launched in 1985 and was an evening cable - only service for many years .
The Argentine Fascist Party ( Partido Fascista Argentino , PFA ) was a fascist political party in Argentina from 1932 until its official disbandment in 1936 , when it was succeeded by the National Fascist Union ( Union Nacional Fascista , UNF ) .
The company was started as a home business in 1893 by Cesira and Costantino Carapelli .
CNN Türk is a nationwide channel broadcasting exclusively in Turkey , owned by Doğan Medya Grubu , broadcasting since October 11 , 1999 .
Alec Bradley is the name of a popular brand of handmade cigars established in 1996 by Alan Rubin , the son of an importer of hardware supplies .
Hindu Munnani was founded in 1980 or 1982 by Shri Ramagopalan in the backdrop of the Meenakshipuram conversions .
Auto - Train Corporation 's new service began operations on December 6 , 1971 , between Lorton , Virginia , and Sanford , Florida .
The first PGF was developed by TrackingPoint , an Austin , Texas - based applied technology company formed by John McHale in February 2011 .
Wild Wing Cafe was started by Atlanta native Cecil Crowley and his wife Diane , who opened the chain 's first location in Hilton Head , South Carolina in June 1990 .
Mövenpick Hotels & Resorts traces its roots back to the privately owned Mövenpick Group , which was founded by the late Ueli Prager in 1948 when he opened his first restaurant --
The National Socialism Association ( NSA ) ( Chinese : 國家社會主義學會 ) is a neo - fascist political organization founded in Taiwan in September 2006 by Hsu Na - chi ( Chinese : 許娜琦 ) , at that time a 22-year - old female political science graduate of Soochow University .
Darashaw is an Indian brokering and investment banking company founded in 1926 .
Imperial Airways Limited was formed on 31 March 1924 with equipment from each contributing concern :
Vineyard Vines is an American clothing and accessory retailer founded in 1998 near Martha 's Vineyard in Massachusetts , by brothers Shep and Ian Murray .
KFOG KaBoom was an annual outdoor concert held by KFOG in San Francisco and which occurred in May from 1994 to 2010 .
Since its inception in 1992 , Toronto Institute of Pharmaceutical Technology has provided education to science graduates and industry employees pharmaceutical multinationals such as GlaxoSmithKline , Patheon , Teva and Biovail .
The Bank of Greenland was founded on 26 May 1967 by a number of Danish banks , during the era when Greenland was still a province of Denmark .
The One World Singers was formed in 2010 when the Denver Turnverein Chorus changed its name .
Dhulikhel Medical Institute ( DMI ) , in Dhulikhel , Nepal , was created in 1998 through a partnership between Dhulikhel Hospital , Kathmandu University , and Til Ganga Eye Care Centre with the assistance of DANIDA , Dhulikhel Municipality Quality Education Project .
The Pennsylvania Railroad ( reporting mark PRR ) was an American Class I railroad , founded in 1846 .
In 1951 , the Italian army raised the Lagunari as an amphibious infantry unit .
The sloboda of Grayvorony ( Грайвороны ) was founded on August 5 , 1678 .
Founded in 1995 with assistance from the Jewish Agency , Shir Appeal is one of the nation 's oldest collegiate Jewish a cappella groups .
The duo debuted on Black Moon 's 1993 album Enta da Stage , appearing on the tracks `` Blac Smif - N - Wessun '' and `` U Da Man '' .
The Alois Kottmann Award was founded and donated in 2001 .
EE - Media is a C - pop ( Mandopop ) record label , founded in China 2004 by Long Danni under the parent company Hunan Broadcasting System .
Takaud Savings and Pensions B.S.C. was launched in 2011 and is considered the MENA region 's specialist provider of savings and pensions .
The Non - Proliferation and Disarmament Initiative ( NPDI ) is a coalition of states within the framework of the Nuclear Non - Proliferation Treaty ( NPT ) formed in 2010 .
In 1993 , Dovrat led Tecnomatix 's IPO on the NASDAQ ( TCNO ) .
DoubleBear Productions is an indie game studio founded in June 2009 by writer and game designer Brian Mitsoda .
Ust - Maya was founded in 1930 as a base for gold mining activities on the Allakh - Yun and Yudoma Rivers to the east .
Grameen Danone Foods , popularly known as Grameen Danone , is a social business enterprise , launched in 2006 , which has been designed to provide children with many of the key nutrients that are typically missing from their diet in rural Bangladesh .
Universiti Malaysia Sarawak ( English : University of Malaysia , Sarawak ) or UNIMAS was officially incorporated on 24 December 1992 .
Green Man Gaming officially started trading on 10 May 2010 with a launch catalogue of 500 games from 26 publishers .
The Green Party of New Brunswick ( Français : Parti vert du Nouveau - Brunswick ) was formed in November 2008 to run in provincial elections .
G7 Welcoming Committee Records was a Canadian independent record label started by Chris Hannah and Jord Samolesky of punk band , Propagandhi , and their friend , Regal , in 1997 .
Totem Acoustic was founded in 1987 by Vince Bruzzese , also the company 's chief designer .
The Viper Label is an independent record label from Liverpool , England and was founded in 1999 by musicians Mike Badger and Paul Hemmings both former members of The La 's and The Onset .
The Modern Left ( La Gauche moderne , LGM ) , is a French centrist political party founded in 2007 .
TNL Onstage commenced in 1999 .
The Arizona Association of Counties ( AACo ) was established in 1968 as a member association for all elected officials of Arizona 's 15 counties .
Sonali Bank was established in 1972 under the Bangladesh Banks ( Nationalisation ) Order , through the amalgamation and nationalisation of the branches of National Bank of Pakistan , Bank of Bhowalpur and Premier Bank branches located in East Pakistan until the 1971 Bangladesh Liberation War .
The University of Maribor ( Slovene : Univerza v Mariboru ) is Slovenia 's second largest university , established in 1975 in Maribor , Slovenia .
The Big Lobster was opened on 15 December 1979 after six months of construction .
Founded in 1989 as Bancredicard FC , the team changed its name to Club Barcelona Atlético in 2003 .
The Republican National Lawyers Association ( RNLA ) was founded in 1985 and is the national organization of Republican lawyers in the United States .
Tapton Youth Brass Band is a brass band formed in 1994 in Sheffield , England as the Tapton School band .
The Oxymorrons were formed in 2009 by Ashmy `` KI '' Bellevue , Anthony `` Ony '' Irvin and Omar Hernandez in Queens , NY .
On March 30 , 2011 , WeatherNation TV , Inc. announced that it would launch a new national weather channel , to be named WeatherNation TV , beginning in the second quarter of 2011 , with cable television providers that were members of the National Cable Television Cooperative being the first to offer the new network .
The result was the creation of the Friends of New Germany in July 1933 .
In 1963 , the Ethiopian government split the State Bank of Ethiopia into two banks , the National Bank of Ethiopia ( the central bank ) , and the Commercial Bank of Ethiopia ( CBE ) .
CSKA Samara is a Russian women 's basketball team from Samara , Russia , founded in 2002 .
In March 2012 , shortly after the Katavi Region was created , Dr. Rajab Mtumwa Rutengwe was appointed Katavi Regional Commissioner .
Within the Bundesland Schleswig - Holstein , the area remained divided into the districts of Norderdithmarschen ( Northern Ditmarsh ) and Süderdithmarschen ( Southern Ditmarsh ) before they were united in 1970 as the district of Dithmarschen .
The Corn Sisters were a Canadian - U.S. alternative country act formed in Vancouver in 1998 as a side project by Neko Case and Carolyn Mark .
Bennet and the Band is a backing band founded in 1998 by Bennet Roland , Guitarist / Music Director , from Kerala .
Formerly `` Jiangsu Shagang Group Company Limited '' , it was established in 1975 with self - financing of only 450,000 Yuan .
The Golden Jubilee National Hospital was built in 1994 , as a private hospital by Health Care International .
Les Musiciens du Louvre ( literally The Musicians of the Louvre ) is a French period instrument ensemble , formed in 1982 .
The Cable Consortium of Liberia ( CCL ) is a public - private partnership formed in 2010 to own and operate Liberia 's cable landing point for the ACE cable system .
PAE Motorsport was a V8 Supercar team that contested the 1999 V8 Supercars Series
Spacious was founded in 2013 by Asif Ghafoor , former Goldman Sachs and Standard Chartered Bank development manager , senior IT director and application architect , and was part of Hong Kong Science and Technology Parks Corporation incubator program .
From 1803 to 1851 , the Ohio Secretary of State was elected by the Ohio General Assembly to a three - year term .
In 1096 the Count of Toulouse , leaving for the Crusade , transmitted his rights on the eastern part of Gévaudan to the Bishop of Mende .
The Society was registered on May 28 , 1993 with the Bundespolizeidirektion in Vienna as the `` Europäische Gesellschaft für Translationswissenschaft ( European Society for Translation Studies - EST ) '' .
The Elliott School of International Affairs at the George Washington University ( GWU ) is a professional school of international relations founded in 1898 as the School of Comparative Jurisprudence and Diplomacy .
Ensoniq was founded in 1982 by former MOS Technology engineers Robert `` Bob '' Yannes ( designer of the MOS Technology SID chip for the Commodore 64 home computer ) , Bruce Crockett , and Al Charpentier .
Rytmihäiriö is a Finnish hardcore punk , thrash metal , grindcore and surmacore Helsinki - based band established in 1988 until 1992 , when the band was put on a hiatus .
Monash South Africa is a private university founded in 2001 , located on a 100 hectare site in Ruimsig in north - west Johannesburg , in the province of Gauteng .
The Iona Community , founded in 1938 by the Rev George MacLeod , is an ecumenical Christian community of men and women from different walks of life and different traditions in the Christian church .
The Wisconsin Film Festival is an annual film festival , founded in 1999 .
Infected Mushroom is an Israeli psytrance / electronica / psychedelic duo formed in Haifa in 1996 by producers Erez Eisen and Amit Duvdevani .
Cross Generation Entertainment , or CrossGen , was an American comic book publisher and entertainment company that operated from 1998 to 2004 .
Mamoun University for Science and Technology ( MUST ) ( Arabic : جامعة المأمون للعلوم والتكنولوجيا‎ ) , is a private university in Syria , established in 2003 .
Miss Sixty ( stylized as MISS SIXTY or MISS 60 ) is an Italian fashion brand , launched in 1991 .
Kerala Veterinary and Animal Sciences University ( KVASU ) is a university established by the Government of Kerala in December 2010 to further education , research and extension services in the field of Veterinary and Animal Sciences .
Peter Bray Gallery ( a commercial gallery ) was established at 435 Bourke Street , Melbourne , Victoria , Australia in 1951 , and closed in 1957 .
Since Dame - Nation Redux 2010 , the festival has been sponsored by United Kingdom based Femme Metal Records .
Pineapple Air was founded in 1999 by K. Michael Carey CEO and president of Pineapple Air Limited .
Acrobat Records is the independent record label of American songwriter Matt Nathanson formed in 1993 .
Thee Headcoats was a band formed in Chatham , Kent , England in 1989 , that was well known for its garage rock sound , explicitly sticking to this style on almost all of their albums .
They began as studio engineers and in 1997 formed the group Zero 7 .
Voigtländer ( German pronunciation : ( ˈfoːktlɛndɐ ) ) is an optical company founded by Johann Christoph Voigtländer in Vienna in 1756 and is thus the oldest name in cameras .
Concerto Copenhagen , also known as CoCo , is a Danish period instrument orchestra , established in 1991 and directed since 1999 by harpsichordist Lars Ulrik Mortensen .
Founded in 1996 in the `` evening of the postmodern day , '' Dactyl Foundation supports an aesthetic that is informed by science , history , and philosophy .
Sociedade Esportiva do Gama is a Brazilian football team , based in the city of Gama , in the Distrito Federal , founded on November 15 , 1975 .
Plus TV ( Chinese : 文化資訊頻道 , aTV5 ) is a television channel produced by Asia Television which was broadcast during December 31 , 2007 till April 1 , 2009 .
Masbia is the brainchild of Mordechai Mandelbaum , a Hasidic Jewish resident of Brooklyn who donated the seed money for the first restaurant in Borough Park in 2005 .
Simon & Schuster , Inc. , a division of CBS Corporation , is a publisher founded in New York City in 1924 by Richard L. Simon and M. Lincoln ( `` Max '' ) Schuster .
As of December 2006 , Costcutter ( Ireland ) was owned by James A. Barry and Co. Costcutter was founded in 1986 by Colin Graves .
Moody 's Analytics is a subsidiary of Moody 's Corporation established in 2007 to focus on non - rating activities , separate from Moody 's Investors Service .
The Madras Observatory was founded by the British East India Company in 1786 in Chennai ( then Madras ) .
Sree Narayana Gurukulam College of Engineering ( SNGCE ) was established in the year 2002 by Kunnathunadu S.N.D.P Union , headquartered at Perumbavoor with a view to accomplish the ideals of Sree Narayana Guru ( 1855 - -1928 ) , the social reformer who is considered as the leader of Indian Renaissance movement .
Sacred Oath was originally formed in 1985 by Rob Thorne and Pete Altieri while the two were classmates at Bethel High School .
Bus Queensland Toowoomba was formed in April 2009 when the Pulitano Group purchased both the Garden City Sunbus and Kynoch Coaches operations .
Åkers IF , abbreviated ÅIF , is a Swedish sports club founded in 1918 and based in Åkers styckebruk .
Imagitec Design Limited was a video games development company from 1989 to 1992 , based in the UK .
Optus can trace its beginnings back to the formation of the Government - owned AUSSAT Pty Limited in 1981 .
Akhil Bharatiya Itihas Sankalan Yojana ( translation : All - India history reform project ) is a subsidiary organisation of the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh ( RSS ) , founded in 1978 - 79 with the stated objective of writing , or rewriting , Indian history from a national perspective .
The Durrës Archaeological Museum ( Albanian : Muzeu Arkeologjik ) in Durrës , Albania , established in 1951 , is the largest archaeological museum in the country .
Ferromex began operating on February 19 , 1998 , following the privatization of most of the government - owned railways by then President of Mexico Ernesto Zedillo Ponce de Leon .
The Order of the White Rose of Finland was established by Gustaf Mannerheim in his capacity as regent ( temporary head of state ) on January 28 , 1919 .
Tin Ka Ping Secondary School ( Chinese : 田家炳中學 ) is an English as the medium of instruction ( EMI ) secondary school located in Fanling , Sheung Shui , founded in 1994 .
The Sterling Foundation School , established in 1997 , is a non - profit school in Lahore , Pakistan .
They met each other in 2002 and formed WaT , playing live street performances with their guitars .
One Day as a Lion is a power duo that was started in 2008 by Zack de la Rocha , the vocalist of Rage Against the Machine and Jon Theodore , former drummer of The Mars Volta and current drummer of Queens of the Stone Age .
Haier Road Station ( Chinese : 海尔路 ) is a station of the Qingdao Metro on Line 3 , which opened on 16 December 2015 .
Established in 1976 , the Multicultural History Society of Ontario collects , preserves , and makes available irreplaceable records of our histories of migration and ethnicity .
Borealis Records is a Canadian record label , founded in 1996 by four Canadian musicians .
VyOS version 1.0.0 ( Hydrogen ) was released on December 22 , 2013 .
WWTO - TV began broadcasting operations in early December 1986 .
Under the leadership of Governor Thomas J. Meskill , the General Assembly created the Connecticut Resources Recovery Authority in 1973 with the passage of Public Act 73 - 549 .
GospoCentric Records is an Inglewood , California based Gospel music record label started as an independent label by Vicki Mack Lataillade and Claude Lataillade in 1993 .
Mistral Air was established in 1981 by actor and former swimmer Bud Spencer and started operations in 1984 .
L'Auto - Journal is a bimonthly magazine created in 1950 by Robert Hersant and editor - in - chief Gilles Guérithault , devoted to automobiles .
The station was assigned the call sign `` KXEA '' by the Federal Communications Commission ( FCC ) on February 25 , 2010 .
Joe Tea is a Montclair , New Jersey based producer of iced tea and chips founded in 1998 by Steven Prato .
Miss Universe Kenya is a national pageant in Kenya that was first held in 2004 and an annual national contest to choose ambassador for the Miss Universe pageant .
Cofix ( Hebrew : קופיקס‎ , a portmanteau of coffee and fix ) is an Israeli coffee shop , bar and supermarket chain established in 2013 by Avner `` Avi '' Katz .
Pink Soap is a cable television channel available in Bosnia and Herzegovina , Montenegro and Serbia , owned by Pink Media Group launched on May 1 , 2013 .
Streetkind is an American rock band from Miami Beach , Florida that was formed in 2004 .
American Management Systems ( previous NASDAQ symbol : AMSY ) was a high technology and management consulting firm , founded in 1970 by a group of five former Defense Department officials who had worked under Robert McNamara in the Kennedy and Johnson administration .
The first Pan - Armenian Games took place from August 28 , 1999 to September 5 , 1999 .
The City Spectacular opened in 2006 and takes place over three days in mid - June .
The Oxford Manifesto , drawn up in April 1947 at Wadham College in Oxford by representatives from 19 liberal political parties , led by Salvador de Madariaga , is a document describing the basic political principles of the Liberal International .
Reason Foundation 's primary publication is the magazine Reason , which began publishing in 1968 by Lanny Friedlander , and was originally an infrequently published mimeographed magazine .
Manor House Publishing Incorporated is a small Canadian publishing company , established in 1998 and based in the Ancaster neighborhood of Hamilton Ontario .
WNND was first assigned the call sign WSWZ on May 11 , 1989 , and aired an oldies format targeting Lancaster .
Racing Engineering is a Spanish racing team founded in 1999 by Alfonso de Orléans - Borbón .
Jazz Semiconductor Systems was founded on February 15 , 2002 , renamed itself Specialtysemi , Inc. later in February 2002 and to Jazz Semiconductor , Inc. in May 2002 .
Street Rhymes Studios is a Port Harcourt - based independent , sound recording studio founded by singer and record producer Slim Burna , after he quit working for record label Grafton Records in late 2008 .
Austel Motorcycles were produced by Austel Engineering of Maidenhead , Berkshire , England between 1985 and 1991 .
Air France was formed on 7 October 1933 from a merger of Air Orient , Air Union , Compagnie Générale Aéropostale , Compagnie Internationale de Navigation Aérienne ( CIDNA ) , and Société Générale de Transport Aérien ( SGTA ) .
The Mighty Fishers is a Hungarian band formed in Budapest , in 2011 and is playing traditional rocksteady , early reggae and lovers rock as the one and only band in the country .
Sturm Café started out by the two teenage boys Gustav ( born 1985 ) and Jonatan ( born 1985 ) in 2001 under the name The Xenophobian Alliance .
Folksamhuset ( Swedish for `` Folksam Building '' ) is a high - rise office building at Skanstull on Södermalm , Stockholm and was erected in 1959 as the head office for the insurance company Folksam .
Slyce was founded by Cameron Chell and Erika Racicot in January 2012 through their business consulting firm that they founded together , Business Instincts .
Along with their sister channel , Vettri TV , the Voice of Asia Network ( Pvt ) began broadcasting Siyatha TV on September 17 , 2009 on E32 UHF .
Scient was a San Francisco - based Internet consulting company , founded in 1997 , that was one of the large American consulting firms during the dot - com bubble .
ML Motorsports debuted in 1999 in what is now the ARCA RE / MAX Series .
The Rights and Justice Party ( Turkish : Hak ve Adalet Partisi , abbreviated HAP ) is a political party in Turkey led by Yiğit Zeki Öztürk since 2012 .
Disabled Sports USA is a United States - based nonprofit 501(c)(3 ) organization founded in 1967 and based in Rockville , Maryland providing opportunities youth and adults with disabilities to develop independence , confidence and fitness through participation in disabled sports .
Institute of Modern Politics Since December 2009 the Institute publishes periodic monitoring reports `` State of the Parliamentary Rule '' .
The Society of Polymer Science was established in 1951 and currently has about 12,000 members .
Sky 2 is a British television channel originally launched in September 1996 and relaunched December 2002 .
Q Beck founded Famigo in the fall of 2009 , serving as the CEO .
In 2014 , ISRA ( International Sport Racing Association ) , took 2005 - -08 A1 Grand Prix racing cars ( Lola - Zytek ) and created a new single - seater competition named Formula Acceleration 1 , which is part of Acceleration 2014 .
From 2006 - 2009 KWMY FM was KPBR FM branded as `` Rockin ' Country 105.9 The Bar '' .
Hollywood Entertainment Corporation ( Nasdaq : HLYW ) , known as Hollywood Video , was a VHS , DVD , and video game rental shop company started in 1988 .
Veeker was one of the first platforms supporting near - real - time upload and sharing of mobile video , back in 2006 , just prior to the arrival of the iPhone .
The Greenguard Environmental Institute was founded in 2001 by indoor air quality scientist Dr. Marilyn Black .
Established in 2009 , American Solar Direct was co - founded by Brennan R. Mulcahy , Chief Executive Officer and Chairman .
In 2002 , he formed DeathBoy as a live project after rejecting several alternative names , including `` DeathBoy and the Bomb Puppets '' .
Eyes of Fire is a California - based American sludge metal band formed in 1998 originally under the name Shiva .
The Internet Hall of Fame ( est . 2012 ) is an honorary lifetime achievement award administered by the Internet Society ( ISOC ) in recognition of individuals who have made significant contributions to the development and advancement of the Internet .
The Stanley Park Ecology Society ( SPES ) is a non - profit organization founded in 1988 that works alongside of the Vancouver Board of Parks and Recreation to promote stewardship and conservation in Stanley Park .
Sri Krishnadevaraya University College of Engineering And Technology came into existence in 2006 to mark the Silver Jubilee celebrations of the Sri Krishnadevaraya University .
The Best U.S. Female Olympian ESPY Award has been presented annually since 2009 to the sportswoman or team affiliated with the United States Olympic Committee and contesting sport internationally adjudged to be the best .
Volgodonsk was founded on July 27 , 1950 as a small settlement for the Tsimlyansk hydroelectric dam maintenance personnel .
The Mirisch Company was founded in August 1957 at which time it signed a 12-picture deal with United Artists ( UA ) , which was extended to 20 films two years later .
Absolutely Productions is a television production company formed in 1988 by Morwenna Banks , Jack Docherty , Moray Hunter , Pete Baikie , John Sparkes and Gordon Kennedy , all of whom were the cast of British television comedy sketch show Absolutely .
Darling Parade is an American Alternative Rock band from Nashville , formed in early 2007 .
Ikenna Stars Academy was established by Eze Ikenna Onuegbu in 2004 as a co- educational primary and secondary school with an initial intake of about 28 pioneer students and six experienced teachers .
RBD was a Mexican musical group that gained popularity from Televisa 's teen series Rebelde , and found international success from 2004 until their separation in 2009 .
FutureLearn is a massive open online course ( MOOC ) learning platform founded in December 2012 .
The Stéphane Ratel Organisation ( abbreviated as SRO ) is a motorsport organization founded by French driver Stéphane Ratel in 1995 .
The Corps Marko - Guestphalia Aachen is a fraternity ( Studentenverbindung ) in Aachen , Germany , founded on December 2 , 1871 .
After Midnight Project began in 2004 in Los Angeles , California .
The SubAntarctic Foundation for Ecosystems Research ( aka SAFER ) , founded in 1996 by New Zealand - based zoologist Dr. Peter Carey , is working on several habitat restoration projects on four small islands that SAFER owns in the western Falkland Islands .
The Legion of Mary was founded by Duff on September 7 , 1921 at Myra House , Francis Street , in Dublin .
Erasmus University College ( or EUC ) is a residential undergraduate college that started in 2013 with 85 students in four departments :
Emergenetics International was founded by CEO Geil Browning , Ph.D. in 1991 .
AEK Larnaca B.C. was formed in 1994 after a merger of two Larnaca clubs :
Majbølle Mølle is a smock mill at Majbølle , Denmark which was built in 1896 and has been restored to working order .
The Centre Union ( EK , Greek : Ένωσις Κέντρου , Enosis Kentrou ) was a Greek political party , created in 1961 by George Papandreou , senior .
Scouting in Kyrgyzstan was founded in November 1994 and is not yet a member of the World Organization of the Scout Movement , but is working toward WOSM recognition .
Geewa was founded in 2005 and shortly afterwards launched the games portal Geewa.com with six initial games .
Schlitterbahn began its first park , Schlitterbahn Waterpark Resort , in 1979 .
Untitled ( Jazz Musicians ) was fabricated in 1995 and was commissioned by the Sexton Companies .
Universal Robots was founded in 2005 by the engineers Esben Østergaard , Kasper Støy , and Kristian Kassow .
The Royal Park Hotel ( Chinese : 帝都酒店 ) , established in 1989 , is one of the largest hotels in Sha Tin , New Territories , Hong Kong .
FemBots are a Canadian indie rock band from Toronto formed in 1998 .
The number one football sides of SC Turbine Erfurt and BSG Optima Erfurt were merged in 1966 and revived the name FC Rot - Weiß Erfurt , while the more junior sides stayed with their original clubs .
Cinema Prague are an Australian funk metal band , formed in Perth in 1986 .
Frederick Taylor University was established in 1994 to cater to mature adult learners , 20 years or older .
Astron-6 is a Canadian film production and directing company founded in 2007 by Adam Brooks and Jeremy Gillespie .
La Roux 's debut single , `` Quicksand '' , was released by French independent record label Kitsuné Music in December 2008 .
On March 13 , 1968 , Chancellor George L. Simpson , Jr. recommended that the Board of Regents establish a University System Student Advisory Council .
Nunaoil is the national oil company of Greenland founded in 1985 as an equal partnership between the Greenland Home Rule Government and DONG Energy .
Rockwatch is the junior club of the Geologists ' Association , and has been established under its auspices in November 2001 .
SentinelOne was founded in 2013 by security veterans from Intel , McAfee , Checkpoint , IBM and the Israel Defense Forces and financed with venture funding .
The Fort Garry Historical Society is a non - profit organization formed in 1971 to foster the preservation of heritage sites in St. Norbert and Fort Garry in Winnipeg , Manitoba , Canada .
After four years building Seaside FM from scratch and gaining charity status for the Social Enterprise , Turner stood down as Station Manager in September 2007 , after obtaining all licences .
Techno Animal 's debut album Ghosts was released in 1991 .
Siskel / Jacobs Productions was founded in 2005 by filmmakers Jon Siskel and Greg Jacobs .
Critical Links was founded by Joao Carreira and began operations in 2006 .
Sher - e - Kashmir University of Agricultural Sciences and Technology of Jammu ( Hindi : शेर-ए-कश्मीर कृषि विज्ञान एवं प्रौद्योगिकी विश्वविद्यालय ) came into existence on 20 September 1999 following the amendment in Sher - e - Kashmir University of Agricultural Sciences and Technology Act 1982 through the State legislature .
The National Center for Data Mining ( NCDM ) is a center of the University of Illinois at Chicago ( UIC ) , established in 1998 to serve as a resource for research , standards development , and outreach for high performance and distributed data mining and predictive modeling .
The Open Forum of Cambodia ( OFC ) was formed in 1994 and is a not - for - profit organisation that aims to promote dialogue in Cambodian society .
Originally known as MX BookFinder , it was relaunched as BookFinder.com in 1998 , and established as a standalone company based in Berkeley , California in 1999 .
Glass Candy is an American electronic music duo from Portland , Oregon , formed in 1996 by vocalist Ida No and producer and multi - instrumentalist Johnny Jewel .
The Sunday Express Book of the Year also known as The Sunday Express Fiction Award was awarded between 1987 and 1993 .
The Ernst Jung Foundation , funded by Hamburg merchant Ernst Jung in 1967 , grants the Ernst Jung Prize in Medicine , now € 300,000 , since 1976 and the lifetime achievement Ernst Jung Gold Medal for Medicine since 1990 .
Walton Chaintech Corporation ( Chaintech ; Chinese : 承啟科技股份有限公司 ; pinyin : Chéngqǐ Kējì Gǔfèn Yǒuxiàn Gōngsī ) , founded in November 1986 , is a Taiwanese computer hardware manufacturer .
The Center for Constitutional Rights ( CCR ) is a non - profit legal advocacy organization based in New York City , U.S. , co - founded in 1966 by William Kunstler and others .
Established in 1796 , Hauck & Aufhäuser operated as a limited partnership ( Kommanditgesellschaft ) with personally liable partners .
Theta Nu Xi Multicultural Sorority , Inc. ( ΘNΞ ) is a historically multicultural sorority founded on April 11 , 1997 , at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill , by seven women who sought to bridge cultural gaps .
Yes Sir Boss ! is a Bristol - based ska punk band founded in 2007 at Falmouth University .
Socialist March ( Greek : Σοσιαλιστική Πορεία , Sosialistiki Poreia ) was a Greek short - lived political party founded in 1975 by former members of PASOK who was expelled due to their disagreement with the party 's leader , Andreas Papandreou .
On 1 April 2006 Expeditionary Air Wings ( EAWs ) were formed at nine of the RAF 's Main Operating Bases .
Selle Royal ( est 1956 ) is an Italian manufacturer of bicycle saddles .
The Singapore Dance Theatre is Singapore 's national dance company , founded in 1988 by the late Anthony Then and Goh Soo Khim .
Universidad Monteávila is a private , Roman Catholic - Opus Dei - University in Caracas , Venezuela , founded in 1998 .
The Tchaikovsky Symphony Orchestra is a Russian classical music orchestra established in 1930 .
Perpetual Entertainment , founded in March 2002 , was an American developer , publisher and operator of networked multiplayer games and MMORPGs .
AMAG Automobil- und Motoren AG is a Swiss car importer and dealer for Audi , Volkswagen , Skoda , SEAT and until about mid-2008 Porsche cars founded on January 3 , 1945 , by Walter Haefner .
Hexis Racing was founded by Michel Mateu , CEO of Hexis S.A. in 2001 , initially for participation in the French Formula Renault Championship .
East Horizon Airlines is an Afghan airline which began operation in December 2013 .
In 1999 , it became the conglomerate China Film Group Corporation built to develop and distribute films in the Chinese industry .
Solefald is a Norwegian avant - garde metal / black metal band that was formed by members Lars Are `` Lazare '' Nedland and Cornelius Jakhelln in August 1995 , with Lars singing and playing keyboard / synthesizer / piano and drums , and Cornelius singing and playing guitar and bass .
IHC Leuven was founded in 1993 , and won their first Belgian Championship in 2005 .
After 10 years of negotiations with the other groups , WRCM was granted the license and was signed on the air by founding general manager Ken Mayfield at 12 noon on June 14 , 1993 .
It was re - designated as the Cheyenne Mountain Division on July 28 , 2006 , previously having been designated the Cheyenne Mountain Directorate .
Over the years the two parks were gradually enlarged and then merged as the Tarra - Bulga National Park , proclaimed on 17 June 1986 .
Compass Group has its origins in a company which was founded by Jack Bateman in 1941 as Factory Canteens Limited and which subsequently became known as Bateman Catering .
The Internet Party and Mana Movement , also stylised as Internet Party and MANA Movement , was a coalition of the Internet Party and the Mana Movement formed to contest the party vote in the 2014 New Zealand general election .
The university adopted the name Adama University on July 9 , 2005 .
In 2005 the duo formed The Bitter Twins and the Last of the Lovers with plans to release an album to record an album following year as a 20th anniversary of the two playing together , however the name was soon shortened to The Bitter Twins .
Nova Air started operations in 2005 and was owned by Administración Profesional Aeronáutica and Polar Airlines de México .
Trance Mission is a world fusion ensemble co - founded in San Francisco by American clarinetist and composer Beth Custer and British - born didgeridoo player Stephen Kent in 1992 , with Canadian musician Kenneth Newby and American percussionist John Loose .
In 2006 SomosTV , a media company based in Miami , Fl announced the launch of ViendoMovies then under the name VeneMovies .
Debu is a group of Muslim musicians formed in 2001 and currently based in South Jakarta , Indonesia .
Former NFL quarterback Rodney Peete and his wife actress Holly Robinson Peete established the HollyRod Foundation in 1997 in honor of Holly 's father , late actor and television producer Matt Robinson who lost his battle with Parkinson 's Disease in 2002 .
Bengur Bryan & Co. , Inc. is an investment banking firm founded in 1991 with offices in Baltimore , MD .
Finspreads first offered interactive online spread betting in 1999 , before the company was acquired by the City Index Group .
Since becoming a formal performance ensemble in 2003 , Time for Three has appeared alone and with symphonic and chamber orchestras all across the U.S.A. and in Europe .
The Ottoman Socialist Party ( Turkish : Osmanlı Sosyalist Fırkası , OSF ) was the first Turkish socialist political party , founded in the Ottoman Empire in 1910 .
Sarsuna College , established in 1999 , is the undergraduate college in Kolkata , West Bengal , India .
Porto Editora was founded in 1944 in Porto by a group of teachers within different areas of education .
Icelandic New Energy Ltd ( Íslensk NýOrka ehf ) is a company that promotes the use of hydrogen fuel in Iceland founded in 1999 following a decision in 1998 by the Icelandic Parliament to convert vehicle and fishing fleets to hydrogen produced from renewable energy by 2050 .
The All - American Association was an independent minor league that existed in the southern United States in 2001 .
Duke Records was an American record label , started in Memphis , Tennessee , in 1952 by David James Mattis ( WDIA program director and DJ ) and Bill Fitzgerald , owners of Tri - State Recording Company .
On 20 July 2008 , the Prime Minister of Turkey Recep Tayyip Erdogan and the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus Prime Minister Ferdi Sabit Soyer , Star Media Group Chairman Ali Özmen Safa attended the opening ceremony of Ada TV which took place in front of the offices of Star Media Group .
Transgressive Records is an independent record label based in London , England , formed in 2004 .
Tarkastad was established in 1862 as a church centre and became a municipality in 1864 .
1992 - 1993 FC Partizan Bryansk 1994 - 1998 FC Spartak Bryansk 1999 FC Spartak - Peresvet Bryansk
In 1924 , members of the Kalamazoo Chapter of the American Federation of the Arts established the Kalamazoo Institute of Arts `` to further the development of interest and education in and of regard and appreciation for the various arts . ''
As of December 2014 , Zencap had facilitated 5 million Euro in loans to small and medium sized firms .
Sixpack France , ( also known as Sixpack ) , is a French clothing brand , created in 1998 by the couple Lionel Vivier and Fanny Baglieto .
Peramatos Ermis B.C. is a Greek professional basketball team that was founded in 1993 .
The British Indian Psychiatric Association ( a.k.a . bipa or B.I.P.A ) is a non - profitable charitable association founded in 1995 by Indian psychiatrists working in United Kingdom .
Amstel Brewery ( Amstelbrouwerij , Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈɑmstəlbrʌwəˌrɛi̯ ) ) is a Dutch brewery founded in 1870 on the Mauritskade in Amsterdam , Netherlands .
Founded in 2003 as Kabul International Academy ( KIA ) , the International School of Kabul provided a college - prep level U.S. ( English speaking ) curriculum to the children of expatriate families within the international development community and to repatriated and resident Afghans .
The Privatization Board of Turkey ( Turkish : T.C. Başbakanlık Özelleştirme İdaresi Başkanlığı ) , founded on 27 November 1994 , Law No.4046 , is a government structure under Prime Minister of Turkey .
Course of Nature was an alternative rock band formed in Enterprise , Alabama in 2001 , and now based in Los Angeles .
Hour of Penance is a technical death metal band from Rome , Italy that was formed in 1999 .
Although the TC Beirne School of Law began teaching in 1936 , a Faculty of Law was established with the foundation of the University of Queensland in 1910 .
KVEG originally signed on the air in 2001 as a Mainstream Urban outlet targeting the African - American audience .
Boom Crash Opera are an Australian pop rock band formed in early 1985 .
In 1951 , San Marino conducted extensive research and planning in the same year , and received the approval of the State Board of Education to hold an election to create the San Marino Unified School District .
The Progressive Jewish Alliance ( PJA ) was founded in 1999 by Jewish Angelenos who broke away from the Los Angeles chapter of the American Jewish Congress .
PEN International ( known as International PEN until 2010 ) is a worldwide association of writers , founded in London in 1921 to promote friendship and intellectual co - operation among writers everywhere .
Sri Sri University has been established under the Sri Sri University Act , 2009 No15024-I - Legis .
Somers Limited was founded in 2012 under the name of Bermuda National Limited .
YTL Corporation Berhad ( MYX : 4677 , TYO : 1773 ) is a Malaysian infrastructure conglomerate , founded in 1955 by Tan Sri Dato ' Seri Yeoh Tiong Lay , after whom the group is named .
The office of the Deputy Prime Minister of Montenegro was established on 15 February 1991 , during the first government of Milo Đukanović .
WFHW - LP was a low - powered community - oriented television station licensed to Buffalo , New York , founded by consumer rights advocate Ralph Nader in late 1988 as W58AV on UHF 58 .
The People 's Movement for Justice and Welfare ( Danish : Folkebevægelsen Ret- & Velfærd ) is a Danish political movement , founded December 21 , 2006 by former leading members of the Danish Progress Party .
The Canons Regular of Saint John Cantius ( SJC ) is a clerical Institute of Consecrated Life in the Catholic Church , founded in 1998 in the Archdiocese of Chicago as the Society of St. John Cantius ( SSJC ) by Fr . C. Frank Phillips , C.R. , the pastor of St. John Cantius Church in Chicago .
Algoryx Simulation AB was formed in 2007 in Umeå , Sweden as a spin - off company from Umeå University .
The GfK SE , established in 1934 as Gesellschaft für Konsumforschung ( Society for Consumer Research ) is Germany 's largest market research institute , and the fourth largest market research organisation in the world , after Nielsen Company , Kantar Group and Ipsos .
American George G. Blaisdell founded Zippo Manufacturing Company in 1932 , and produced the first Zippo lighter in early 1933 , being inspired by an Austrian cigarette lighter of similar design made by IMCO .
Inter Island Airways , a privately owned company , was established in August 1993 as an FAA Part 135 On - Demand Air Taxi Carrier .
AllSaints was founded in 1994 by Stuart Trevor , and Kait Bolongaro , who was the original womenswear designer at AllSaints , and who have since gone on to found the Bolongaro Trevor label .
The ECHL Hall of Fame was established by the ECHL ice hockey league in 2008 .
Acte Préalable is a Polish classical music record label founded in 1997 .
Founded on 1 October 1920 , the Surinamese Football Association was not the first official football association of Suriname , their main competitor as governing body of football in the country was the NGVB ( Dutch Guyanese Football Association ) .
Manor House Museum , Ilkley , England , is a local heritage museum , art gallery and education centre , established in 1892 to preserve local archaeological artefacts after the spa town expanded and much Roman material was lost .
Since its foundation in 1981 as a French pop music radio station it has grown and evolved to become the NRJ Group .
The Golden Turk Awards , established in 2008 , is the only independent organization created to reward successful Turks and Turkish companies , as well as those individuals and institutions that support Turkey .
The Navotas Polytechnic College ( or commonly abbreviated as NPC ) , which was founded in 1994 , is a public college being run by the city government of Navotas .
The Social - National Assembly of Ukraine ( S.N.A. ) is an assemblage of the ultra - nationalist and neo - Nazi radical organizations and groups founded in 2008 that share the social - national ideology and agree upon building a social - national state in Ukraine .
The Black Ghosts are a United Kingdom - based electronic music duo composed of Theo Keating and Simon William Lord , formed in 2006 .
Dog 's Eye View is an American rock band formed in 1994 , best known for their 1995 Top 40 single `` Everything Falls Apart '' .
In November 1991 , the Workgroup for Electronic Data Interchange ( WEDI ) was established in response to the challenge from the Bush administration , specifically , Louis Sullivan MD , Secretary of HHS , to reduce administrative costs in the nation 's health care system by up to 10 % .
The Association of African Universities was established in 1967 to facilitate co - operation between its members and with the international academic community .
The International Horror Guild Award ( also known as the IHG Award ) was an accolade recognizing excellence in the field of horror / dark fantasy , presented by the International Horror Guild ( IHG ) from 1995 to 2008 .
Loituma 's initial incarnation was in the autumn of 1989 as a septet called Jäykkä Leipä ( `` Stiff Bread '' ) , born in the Sibelius Academy 's Folk music department .
Şirvan Şamaxı FK ( Azerbaijani : Şirvan Şamaxı Futbol Klubu ) was an Azerbaijani football club from Şamaxı founded in 1990 , as İnşaatçı Şamaxı .
Discovery Channel Europe was launched from the UK in 1989 .
The Liberal Democratic Pole ( Italian : Polo Liberal Democratico , PLD ) was a political party in Italy active during 1994 .
The Chicago Stock Exchange was founded in a formal meeting on March 21 , 1882 .
Silver Jeans Co. is a designer denim company founded in Winnipeg , Manitoba , Canada in 1991 by Michael Silver .
Ora Recordings is a Canadian independent record label founded in 2007 and operated by DJ and electronic music producer Gabriel Batz .
English barrister Roland Brown succeeded J. S. R. Cole to serve as the first Attorney General of independent Tanganyika from 1961 to 1964 ; and as the first Attorney General of Tanzania following the merger of Tanganyika with the People 's Republic of Zanzibar .
The Wreckers were an American country duo formed in 2005 by Michelle Branch and Jessica Harp , both of whom had solo recordings before the duo 's foundation .
Nine Inch Nails ( abbreviated NIN ; stylized as NIИ ) is an American industrial rock band , founded in 1988 by Trent Reznor in Cleveland , Ohio .
Gannon and Hands , founded in 1894 , was the first partnership of women architects in America .
Canvass for a Cause was founded in 2009 , by a group of activists specializing in political organizing who were seeking grassroots tools to help fight back on progressive issues .
Operation Kids is a public 501(c)(3 ) nonprofit organization founded in 1999 in Salt Lake City , Utah .
GMA Pinoy TV , is a Filipino television channel incorporated in February 2004 by GMA Network and its subsidiaries , GMA International & GMA Worldwide ; it was launched in 2005 , primarily in Japan and USA , as a 24-hour international Filipino television station .
Heritage Trust for the North West / Heritage Trust North West is a registered Building Preservation Trust , established in 1978 as a charity and company .
The Open Mathematical Olympiad of the Belarusian - Russian University is an annual mathematical contest for the students of higher educational institutions , which has been annually held at the Belarusian - Russian University based in Mogilev , Belarus , since 2010 .
Moncove Lake State Park was created in 1990 by setting aside 250 acres ( 1.0 km2 ) of the Moncove Lake Wildlife Management Area to be operated as a state park .
The Sins of Thy Beloved was a Death - doom / gothic metal band from Bryne , Norway , founded in 1996 .
Gentlemans Pistols are a British rock band based in Leeds , England , formed in 2003 .
Consip S.p . A. is a joint - stock company , set up in 1997 , held by the Italian Ministry of economy and finance ( MEF ) , which is the sole shareholder .
Sri Lanka Campaign for Peace and Justice is an international , non profit , human rights group founded in 2009 to seek justice for thousands of Tamils killed during the final stages of the Sri Lankan Civil War and promote lasting peace . Edward Mortimer is the Chair of the Group and advisory council members include Lakhdar Brahimi .
The group was formed in 2002 and released their self - titled debut album Vanilla Ninja , containing songs in both English and Estonian , the following year .
Buffalocomotive is an American rock band formed in 2012 , in Joliet , Illinois -- a suburb of Chicago .
Marginal Consort is a Japanese collective / free improvisation group made of sound and visual artists , who have played one concert annually since 1997 .
The Hattendorf Prize was established on 7 December 2010 and first awarded in 2011 .
The Palestine Children 's Relief Fund ( P.C.R.F. ) is a registered 501(c)(3 ) non - governmental organization established in 1991 , by , according to its website , `` concerned people in the U.S. to address the medical and humanitarian crisis facing Palestinian youths in the Middle East ...
Army Group E ( Heeresgruppe E ) was a German Army Group active during World War II . Army Group E was created on 1 January 1943 from the 12th Army .
Williams Interactive was formed as a wholly owned subsidiary of WMS Industries in July 2012 `` to focus on the growth , development and operational execution of the company 's worldwide online wagering , social , casual and mobile gaming initiatives . ''
MAVTV launched on October 1 , 2004 based out of Atlanta with distribution limited to select cable companies , with the name a shortening of Maverick Television ( the network 's name at launch ) .
VENCorp , which was established in December 1997 , was a Victorian State Government - owned entity within Victoria 's privatised energy industries .
Established on 1 April 1888 , Sparta Rotterdam is the oldest professional football team in the Netherlands .
The Independence Party of America ( IPA ) was a political party in the United States , founded on September 23 , 2007 by activists from the Independence Party of New York .
Glurp Records is a U.S. independent record label started in Austin , TX in 2001 and now located in Seattle , WA .
Lilla Akademien is a school , founded 1994 , which is specially focused on developing musical talent in children , located in Stockholm , Sweden .
WUSH originally signed on the air in 2001 as WEXM in Exmore , Virginia on the Eastern Shore .
Kroyer Films is a pioneering animation studio formed in 1986 by animator Bill Kroyer and his wife Susan Kroyer and is one of the earliest studios to combine computer and hand - drawn animation .
On 11 July 1888 the Eduard Vossloh Company was registered .
DataWind was founded in Montreal in 2001 by brothers Suneet and Raja Tuli .
University College of Medicine and Dentistry ( abbreviated as UCMD ) , established in 2001 , is a private college of medicine and dentistry taking examinations under University of Lahore .
Baron Beaumont is an ancient title in the Peerage of England , created in 1309 for a younger part of the de Brienne - family .
Halo James were a British pop group active from 1988 to 1991 .
The Egyptian Socialist Party ( Arabic : الحزب الاشتراكي المصري‎ ) was a socialist political party in Egypt , founded in 1921 .
Founded in 2002 by Francis Ayley and a group of like minded friends , Fourth Corner Exchange started trading in January 2004 , utilizing a basic Time Dollar system that has some features of LETS , but with important differences from both which are described on their website .
Rock Choir was established in 2005 by musician and singer Caroline Redman Lusher .
The MendelssohnKammerChor Berlin arose from the Kreuzberger Kantorei , which was founded by him in 1986 .
DZWI , branded as Power 108 FM , was an FM radio station in the Philippines which operated from 2001 to 2004 .
Science City Chennai is an autonomous organization established in 1998 under the Department of Higher Education of the Government of Tamil Nadu , India , for the promotion and popularization of science and technology .
Sonesta Records is an independent record label that was founded in 2007 by Israeli DJ Lior Lahav a.k.a . `` Solar System '' , who achieved international recognition in 2008 at the DJ Magazine Top 100 DJs Poll , and continuously releases records in the fields Electronic Dance Music .
The Order of the Netherlands Lion ( Dutch : De Orde van de Nederlandse Leeuw , French : L'Ordre du Lion Belgique / Néerlandais ) is a Dutch order of chivalry founded by King William I of the Netherlands on 29 September 1815 .
The second Cumann na nGaedheal did not come into existence until more than a year later , on 27 April 1923 when the pro - Treaty TDs recognised the need for a party organisation to win elections .
Scientific Data Systems , or SDS , was an American computer company founded in September 1961 by Max Palevsky and Robert Beck , veterans of Packard Bell and Bendix , along with eleven other computer scientists .
In 1991 , Brahma Vision Private Limited was established in Mumbai as an advertising agency specializing in advertising airtime marketing .
In 2003 , Sriwijaya Air was founded by Chandra Lie , Hendry Lie , Andi Halim and Fandy Lingga , who named it after the historical Srivijaya empire .
The Education Foundation is a cross - sector UK think tank , created in 2011 , based in London and focused on education reform , technology & innovation .
The University of Alaska Anchorage traces its origins back to 1954 , five years before Alaska became the 49th U.S. state .
Fornosovo was founded in 1948 to serve peat extraction in the area .
OII - USA was founded in February 2011 The director of OII - USA is author and activist Hida Viloria .
BotCon has been held annually since 1994 .
The Depth Corps ( Hebrew : מפקדת העומק‎ , lit . Depth Headquarters ) of the Israel Defense Forces ( IDF ) is a command formed in 2011 to coordinate the IDF 's long range operations and operations deep in enemy territory .
Teenage USA Recordings is a Canadian independent record label , founded by Phil Klygo and Mark DiPietro in the fall of 1997 on the back of Klygo 's Skull Geek record label and fanzine .
Nabuur started operating on 30 October 2001 .
Equality Illinois ( EI ) was founded in 1991 to work towards building a better Illinois by advancing equal treatment and social justice through education , advocacy , and protection of the rights of the LGBT community .
FAX + 49 - 69/450464 ( also known as simply FAX or FAX Label ) was a German record label founded in Frankfurt in 1992 by ambient musician Peter Kuhlmann ( who recorded as Pete Namlook , a phonetic inversion of his surname ) .
Prime Minister 's Awards for Literary Achievement is a New Zealand literary award established in 2003 by the Arts Council of New Zealand Toi Aotearoa ( Creative New Zealand ) , the national arts development agency of the New Zealand government .
The Laundronauts are a Canadian indie rock music trio formed in late 2007 from Victoria , British Columbia , Canada .
ILGA - Europe was founded in 1996 , when its parent organisation , the International Lesbian , Gay , Bisexual , Trans and Intersex Association , established separate regions .
Hong Kong 2020 is a political group launched on 24 April 2013 by Anson Chan , former Chief Secretary for Administration to provide a platform for soliciting views towards consensus on the constitutional changes to achieve full universal suffrage for election of the Chief Executive in 2017 and all members of the Legislative Council by 2020 .
The Maple Blues Awards have been presented by the Toronto Blues Society since their inception in 1997 .
Deadly Apples is a Canadian post - industrial and industrial rock act , founded in 2002 by Alex Martel ( sometimes referred to as Freak ) in Montreal , Quebec .
Miss Diva is a part of Femina Miss India pageant that sends India 's representatives to Miss Universe and other pageants after Miss Universe Organization awarded back the franchise to Bennett , Coleman & Co. Ltd. A separate pageant Miss Diva - 2013 was conducted to send representative to Miss Universe .
After French soldiers had occupied Turin at the end of the 18th century and later abandoned it to the Kingdom of Piedmont , the corps of Royal Carabinieri was instituted under the Royal Patents of 13 July 1814 .
Burn Witch Burn were an American Celtic rock / goth / Appalachian / Gypsy / folk / punk rock band based in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania and active between 1994 - 2001 .
The Royal Canadian Air Force Association was formed by a government order - in - council in May 1948 .
Established in July 1999 , Han Chiang College is a not - for - profit institution of higher learning .
The roots of Korpiklaani can be traced back to a Sami folk music group under the name of `` Shamaani Duo '' , an `` in house restaurant band '' created by Jonne Järvelä in 1993 .
Check Point was established in Ramat - Gan , Israel in 1993 , by Gil Shwed ( CEO as of 2015 ) , Marius Nacht ( Chairman as of 2015 ) and Shlomo Kramer ( who left Check Point in 2003 ) .
Forest Peoples Programme ( FPP ) was founded in 1990 in response to the forest crisis , specifically to support indigenous forest peoples '' struggles to defend their lands and livelihoods .
The Environment Agency ( EA ) is a non - departmental public body , established in 1996 and sponsored by the United Kingdom government 's Department for Environment , Food and Rural Affairs ( DEFRA ) , with responsibilities relating to the protection and enhancement of the environment in England ( and until 2013 also Wales ) .
Suicide Commando is a Belgian electro - industrial act created by Johan van Roy in 1986 .
One Voice Virgin Islands is a community group formed in June 2014 to oppose same - sex marriage in the United States Virgin Islands .
Samuda Brothers began work at Orchard Place , Leamouth , London in 1843 , by the mouth of Bow Creek .
The Call of Duty World League is a Call of Duty eSports league that began in January 2016 .
Symphorce was a German progressive power metal band , originally assembled in 1998 .
Gotland Game Conference was initiated by Don Geyer , Program Director at the Department of Game Design at the time , in 2006 .
In 1982 , Winners was founded in Toronto , Ontario by David Margolis and Neil Rosenberg .
Newberry National Volcanic Monument was designated on November 5 , 1990 , to protect the area around the Newberry Volcano in the United States .
The first section of the Pasing Arcaden was opened on the 15 of March 2011 .
GrocerKey is a Madison , Wisconsin company , founded in 2015 , that creates e - commerce software for grocery stores to sell products online at their in - store prices .
Contact Telecom is a telecommunications and IT Services company that develops data processing and software services for the telecommunications industry , established in 1998 .
Nansenhjelpen ( formally called Nansen Hjelp , variously called the Nansen Relief in English and Nansenhilfe in German ) was a Norwegian humanitarian organization founded by Odd Nansen in 1936 to provide safe haven and assistance in Norway for Jewish refugees from areas in Europe under Nazi control .
The Friends Life t20 ( previously known as the Friends Provident t20 ) was a Twenty20 cricket league in England and Wales run by the ECB from 2010 to 2013 .
Jolly Cola is an original Danish soft drink dating back to 1959 .
Poliça ( often written as Polica ) is an American synthpop and alternative rock band from Minneapolis , Minnesota founded in 2011 by Ryan Olson ( production ) and Channy Leaneagh ( vocals ) .
The Republican Democrats are a South African political party formed by Mosotho Motau in November 2013 .
Built between 1792 and 1798 , the Duff Baby House is considered to be the oldest building in Windsor .
The Amelia Elizabeth Walden Award was established in 2008 to honor the wishes of Amelia Elizabeth Walden .
The Magnes Collection of Jewish Art and Life at the Bancroft Library , formerly known as the Judah L. Magnes Museum from 1961 until its reopening in 2012 , is a museum of Jewish history , art , and culture in Berkeley , California .
Svartidauði are an Icelandic black metal band from Kópavogur , Reykjavík that formed in 2002 .
The World Sleep Day ( Friday of the second full week of March ) is an annual event organized by the World Sleep Day Committee of the World Association of Sleep Medicine ( WASM ) since 2008 .
Stonebridge International Insurance Ltd. is an insurance company that was founded in 1998 , and is a member of the AEGON group of companies .
Kainos was founded as a joint venture between Fujitsu and The Queen 's University of Belfast business incubation unit ( QUBIS Ltd ) on 14 April 1986 , and became one of Northern Ireland 's first campus companies .
Sri Krishna Arts and Science College , also known as the SKASC Coimbatore , was established by the V.L.B. Trust in 1997 and is an ISO certified co - educational institution .
The Central Hawks were formed in 2005 following the merger of Bothwell , Oatlands and Kempton Football Clubs from the Oatlands District Football Association .
In 1999 , BigWorld ran a test , simulating 900 entities on the same server .
The Primavera Rosa was an elite women 's professional one - day road bicycle race held between 1999 and 2005 in Liguria , Italy as part of the UCI Women 's Road Cycling World Cup .
The band was formed in 1995 under the name Luke Warm , but the name was later changed to Lukestar .
Wizards of OS ( Wizards of Operating Systems , or `` WOS '' ) was a semi - annual Berlin - based conference that was held four times between 1999 and 2006 .
The Gandharvas was a Canadian alternative rock band formed in 1989 in London , Ontario .
Since its formation in 1997 , the original Tin Hat Trio has often expanded its trio format by inviting other musicians to join them .
SOHO China Limited ( SEHK : 0410 ) , founded in 1995 , is the largest prime office real - estate developer in China , with corporate headquarters in Chaowai SOHO in Chaoyang District .
Real Tonga commenced operations on 4 March 2013 , taking over services previously operated by Chathams Pacific , a subsidiary of New Zealand - based airline Air Chathams .
The company was founded in July 1983 by Timothy S. Leatherman and Steve Berliner in order to market his idea of a capable , easily portable hand tool with multiple functions .
The Russian Ski Association ( RSA ) was founded in 2005 on the basis of The Russian Ski Union .
VakıfBank was founded on April 13 , 1954 under the special law Türkiye Vakıflar Bankası Türk Anonim Ortaklığı Kanunu .
Global Trust Bank ( India ) ( GTB ) was founded on 21 October 1994 and commenced operations at Secunderabad .
Founded in 2007 by long - time friends Dan Yates and Alex Laskey , Opower is headquartered in Arlington , Virginia .
The El Paso Marathon is an annual running event held in El Paso , Texas since 2007 .
Vendlus Records is an American independent record label currently based in Washington , DC . It was founded in 2002 by Joseph Cortese .
Gender Rights Maryland was founded in May 2011 with an original goal of passing a comprehensive gender identity anti‐discrimination bill in Maryland by the end of the 2012 legislative session .
The Oceanium is a public aquarium that opened in 2001 in Diergaarde Blijdorp , a zoo in Rotterdam , Netherlands .
1993 - 1994 FC Rossiya Moscow 1995 - 1999 FC Monolit Moscow
The Dynamis Ensemble originated in 1999 in Milan , Italy , from a group of musicians already active within the framework of international concerts , joined by an intense passion for the knowledge and diffusion of contemporary music and 20th - century composers .
MTI Home Video was founded in 1984 by music industry veteran Larry Brahms .
El Peyote Asesino is an Uruguayan hip - hop and hard rock band that was active from 1994 to 1999 .
The Global Ocean Race ( GOR , previously known as Portimão Global Ocean Race ) is a yachting race for Class40 yachts which was held in 2008 - -09 for the first time .
British North West Airlines Limited ( traded as British NorthWest Airlines ) was incorporated in October 2001 , the airline had a Civil Aviation Authority Type B Operating licence ( they were permitted to carry passengers , cargo and mail on aircraft with fewer than 20 seats and/or weighing less than 10 tonnes ) .
FC Gold Pride was founded on 3 September 2008 as the seventh and final team to join the new top tier Women 's Professional Soccer league .
The Detroit Windsor International Film Festival ( DWIFF ) , launched in 2008 , is a publicly attended film festival held each June in the Detroit--
The Love and Rage Revolutionary Anarchist Federation was formed in the United States in 1993 out of the remaining groups in the Love and Rage Network .
Manoir Industries was created in 1917 in Pîtres and was built between the towns of Pîtres and Le Manoir from which it derives its trade name .
The Bofrost Cup on Ice ( the Fujifilm Trophy ( 1986 - -1987 ) , the Nations Cup ( 1989 - -1997 ) , the Sparkassen Cup on Ice ( 1998 - -2001 ) ) was a senior international figure skating competition held in Germany from 1986 to 2004 .
Data Link Solutions ( DLS ) is a joint venture entity that was created in 1996 between GEC - Marconi Hazeltine ( now known as BAE Systems ) and Rockwell Collins for the purpose of developing , manufacturing and supporting the Joint Tactical Information Distribution System ( JTIDS ) .
Clann na Poblachta ( ( kˠɫan̪ˠ n̪ˠə pʷɔbʷɫəxt̪ˠə ) -- English : Family ( or Children ) of the Republic ) was an Irish republican political party founded by former Irish Republican Army Chief of Staff Seán MacBride in 1946 .
The University of Dubai was established in 1997 by the Dubai Chamber of Commerce and Industry ( DCCI ) to address skills and qualifications gaps in the workforce and to support the government 's human resources development programs in the private and public sectors .
Created in April 1996 , AB Animaux was a channel which showed animal documentaries .
Rank Xerox was formed in 1956 as a joint venture between the Xerox Corporation of United States ( aka Haloid Photographic ) and the Rank Organisation of the United Kingdom , to manufacture and market Xerox equipment initially in Europe and later in Africa and Asia .
Kotiteollisuus is a Finnish hard rock / heavy metal band that was formed in 1991 in Lappeenranta .
The Fabulous Ones were a professional wrestling Tag team consisting of Stan Lane and Steve Keirn that was active between 1982 and 1987 with brief reunions during the 1990s .
Les Cowboys Fringants ( The Frisky Cowboys ) are a folk rock music group formed in 1997 in Repentigny , Quebec .
Americans for Prosperity ( AFP ) , founded in 2004 , is a conservative political advocacy group in the United States .
The Academy of Technology , Engineering , Mathematics , and Science ( ATEMS ) is a STEM high school founded in 2009 located in Abilene , Texas .
Beborn Beton is a German synthpop band founded in 1989 , with their first album release in 1993 .
Lust Control is a Christian thrash punk band , originally formed in 1988 .
The ground floor of the building has been in use as the Inkijkmuseum since March 21 , 2004 .
The Maldivian Youth Climate Network ( MYCN ) , founded on 29 August 2010 , is a Non - Governmental Organisation from Maldives which is primarily involved in raising awareness on and empowering youth to combat Climate Change .
MGM - Pathé Communications was a movie production company that operated in the United States in 1990 and 1992 .
A new holding company , Southern Company was incorporated in Delaware on November 9 , 1945 , and moved to Georgia in 1950 .
FC Kaluga ( Russian : ФК Калуга ) is an association football club from Kaluga , Russia , founded in 2006 .
The Operations Research Office ( ORO ) was a civilian military research center founded in 1948 by the United States Army .
The institution was renamed Indumil in 1954 as an autonomous organisation .
In 1975 the Lao People 's Navy ( LPN ) was established with the remnants of the Royal Lao Navy .
Smallman Records is a Winnipeg based record label created in 1997 by Rob Krause and Jason Smith as an avenue for releasing albums from their own bands .
It has been organized since 2012 by Heikki Liimatainen and Alex Kunnari - the founders of Summer Sound Festival Oy .
Diabetes UK was founded in 1934 as The Diabetic Association , by the author H. G. Wells and Dr R. D. Lawrence .
Postbanken was founded in 1948 after major political battle as Norges Postsparebank with the goal to incurate to savings , though the maximum amount allowed to be saved per person was set to NOK 10,000 .
The Prémio Leya is a Portuguese literary award established in 2008 and awarded annually by the Portuguese book publishing company Leya to an unpublished Portuguese - language novel .
Winding Stair Mountain National Recreation Area and the nearby Upper Kiamichi River and Black Fork Mountain Wilderness areas were created by an act of Congress on October 18 , 1988 .
The Anglesey Sea Zoo was opened in 1983 when the owners of a lobster shop wholesale business realized lobster tanks had become attractions in themselves .
The Perak Farmcochem B.C. home venue list is as follows:- Indera Mulia Stadium - 2006 - -present
Daejeon Samsung Bluefangs ( Korean : 대전 삼성 블루팡스 ) is a South Korean professional volleyball team founded in 1995 and changed as a professional in 2005 .
The Spice Girls are an English pop girl group formed in 1994 .
In 1997 , it merged with Lloyd Thompson Group to form Jardine Lloyd Thompson Group .
Eddie Shu ( né Edward Shulman ; 18 March 1918 New York City -- 4 July 1986 St. Petersburg , Florida , though he lived in Tampa ) was an American swing and jazz multi - instrumentalist with high proficiency on tenor and alto saxophone , clarinet , trumpet , harmonica , and accordion .
Otto Olsson was one of the greatest organ virtuosos of his time .
Verena Reichel ( born in Grimma , Saxony , 21 March 1945 ) is a German literary translator .
Monu Mukhopadhyay or Monu Mukherjee ( born 1 March 1930 ) is a Bengali film and television actor .
Martín Garatuza ( born 1601 , Puebla , Mexico ) was a famous trickster whose frauds and escapes became legendary in colonial New Spain and whose name has passed into Spanish language , folklore and literature .
Axel Olrik ( 3 July 1864 -- 17 February 1917 ) was a Danish folklorist and scholar of mediaeval historiography , and a pioneer in the methodical study of oral narrative .
Urmas Sutrop ( born 7 June 1956 ) is an Estonian linguist .
Ramón Pereda ( 1897 - -1986 ) was a Spanish - born Mexican actor , screenwriter film producer and director .
Alexandru Ioan Morțun ( born July 16 , 1951 ) is a Romanian physician , politician , and Member of the European Parliament .
Juan Manuel Martínez Ugarte ( 1 June 1735 -- 30 April 1801 ) , known as Manuel Risco or Padre Risco , was a Spanish historian .
Marguerite Jeanne Carpentier ( 8 September 1886 -- November 1965 ) was a French painter and sculptor .
Chandra Lakshman(Malayalam:ചന്ദ്രാ ലക്ഷ്മണ്‍)is an Indian film and television actress .
Rodrigo Cortés Giráldez ( born May 31 , 1973 ) is a Spanish film director , producer , screenwriter , editor , and occasional actor .
Juan Nepomuceno Carlos Pérez Rulfo Vizcaíno , best known as Juan Rulfo ( Spanish : ( ˈxwan ˈrulfo ) audio ; 16 May 1917 -- 7 January 1986 ) , was a Mexican writer , screenwriter and photographer .
Alvydas Nikžentaitis ( born on October 18 , 1961 ) is a Lithuanian historian , senior research fellow of the Lithuanian Institute of History and president of Lithuanian National Historians Committee .
Juhani Aho , originally Johannes Brofeldt ( 11 September 1861 -- 8 August 1921 ) , was a Finnish author and journalist .
Georg Mehlis ( 8 March 1878 -- 13 November 1942 ) was a German neo - Kantian philosopher .
Pierre Guillaumat ( 5 August 1909 -- 28 August 1991 ) was a Minister of National Education and Minister of the Armies under French President Charles De Gaulle and founder of the Elf Aquitaine oil company in 1967 .
Liao Yiwu ( Chinese : 廖亦武 ; also known as Lao Wei ) ( born 1958 in Sichuan ) , is a Chinese author , reporter , musician , and poet .
René Lourau ( 1933 , Gelos -- 11 January 2000 ) was a French sociologist and educator .
Georg Anton Friedrich Ast ( 29 December 1778 -- 31 October 1841 ) was a German philosopher and philologist .
José Tragó y Arana ( Madrid , 1857 - -1934 ) was a Spanish pianist and composer .
Édouard Boubat ( French : ( buba ) ; 1923 - -1999 ) was a French photojournalist and art photographer .
Gaspar Cassadó i Moreu ( 30 September 1897 -- 24 December 1966 ) was a Spanish cellist and composer of the early 20th century .
Hedwig Pringsheim ( born Gertrud Hedwig Anna Dohm ; 13 July 1855 -- 27 July 1942 ) was a German actress .
Alfred Willi Rudi Dutschke ( March 7 , 1940 -- December 24 , 1979 ) was the most prominent spokesperson of the German student movement of the 1960s .
Lima de Freitas ( 1927 - -98 ) was a Portuguese painter , illustrator , ceramicist and writer .
Karl Pilkington ( born 23 September 1972 ) is an English travel show presenter , author , former radio producer and occasional actor .
Jean - Luc Masbou ( born in Figeac on 14 March 1963 ) is a French cartoonist .
Nicolas de Herberay des Essarts ( d. about 1557 ) , French translator , was born in Picardy .
Ramón Sampedro Cameán ( 5 January 1943 -- 12 January 1998 ) was a Spanish fisherman and writer .
Paolo Angelo Ballerini ( 14 September 1814 -- 27 March 1897 ) was an Italian prelate who was named by Pope Pius IX as the Archbishop of Milan .
Fernando Guillén Cuervo ( born March 11 , 1963 ) is a Spanish actor , film director and scriptwriter .
Suzanne Lamy ( September 30 , 1929 -- February 25 , 1987 ) was a French - born educator , essayist and critic in Quebec .
Carl Laufs ( 1858 - 1900 ) was a German playwright who concentrated largely on creating farces , notably the 1890 work Pension Schöller which he co - authored with Wilhelm Jacoby .
Karl Wilhelm Dindorf ( Latin : Guilielmus Dindorfius ; January 2 , 1802 -- August 1 , 1883 ) was a German classical scholar .
Thomas Henry Bolton ( February 1841 -- 24 September 1916 ) was an English solicitor and a Liberal politician who sat in the House of Commons between 1885 and 1895 .
Franciszek Zabłocki ( January 2 , 1754 , Volhynia -- September 10 , 1821 , Końskowola ) , is considered the most distinguished Polish comic dramatist and satirist of the Enlightenment period .
Nicolas Perrot ( c.1644 - -1717 ) , a French explorer , fur trader , and diplomat , was one of the first European men to travel in the Upper Mississippi Valley , in what is now Wisconsin and Minnesota .
Abel Boyer ( 1667 ? -- 16 November 1729 ) was a French - English lexicographer , journalist and miscellaneous writer .
Chi Zijian ( Chinese : 迟子建 ; born 27 February 1964 ) is a Chinese novelist .
Georg Friedrich Kersting ( 31 October 1785 -- 1 July 1847 ) was a German painter , best known for his Biedermeier - style interior paintings and his association with fellow artist Caspar David Friedrich .
Gustav Cohn ( December 12 , 1840 , Marienwerder , West Prussia , September 17 , 1919 ) was a German economist , noted for his pioneering contributions to the theory and policy of transportation and public finance .
Patrick Senécal is a French - Canadian writer and scenarist known for his horror oriented drama novels .
Nicola Barker ( born 30 March 1966 ) is an English novelist and short story writer .
Rekha Ganesan ( born 10 October 1954 ) , better known by her stage name Rekha , is an Indian film actress who has mainly appeared in Hindi films .
Erich Loest ( German pronunciation : ( ˈeːʁɪç ˈløːst ) ; 24 February 1926 -- 12 September 2013 ) was a German writer born in Mittweida , Saxony .
Manuk Abeghian ( Armenian : Մանուկ Աբեղյան , alternatively Manouk Abeghian , or Manuk Abeghyan , March 15 , 1865 , Astapat , Nakhichevan - September 26 , 1944 ) was a scholar of Armenian literature and folklore .
Mario Levi ( born 1957 in Istanbul is one of the most important modern novelists of Turkish literature .
Diego Duque de Estrada ( August 15 , 1589 in Toledo , Spain -- 1647 ? ) was a Spanish memoir writer , soldier and adventurer .
Valerian Pidmohylny ( Валеріан Підмогильний , February 2 , 1901 - November 3 , 1937 ) was an important Ukrainian novelist , most famous for the realist novel Misto ( The City ) .
Luis Miguel Seguí ( born October 4 , 1972 ) is a Spanish actor and producer , best known for his role as Leo in La que se avecina .
Lothar Bucher ( October 25 , 1817 -- October 12 , 1892 ) was a German publicist and trusted aide of German chancellor Otto von Bismarck .
Henri Désiré Landru ( 12 April 1869 -- 25 February 1922 ) ( French pronunciation : ​(ɑ̃ʁi deziʁe lɑ̃dʁy ) ) was a French serial killer and real - life `` Bluebeard '' .
Paul Tabori ( 1908 - 1974 ) was a Hungarian author , novelist , journalist and psychical researcher .
Michel Jazy ( born 13 June 1936 ) is a former French middle - distance runner and long - distance runner .
Elise Ottesen - Jensen , also known as Ottar , ( 2 January 1886 − 4 September 1973 ) was a Norwegian - Swedish sex educator , journalist and anarchist agitator , whose main mission was to fight for women 's rights to understand and control their own body and sexuality .
Jean - Charles Brisard ( born May 13 , 1968 in Dijon , France ) is a French international consultant and expert on terrorism .
Anselme Gaëtan Desmarest ( March 6 , 1784 -- June 4 , 1838 ) was a French zoologist and author .
Alyn Shipton ( born 24 November 1953 ) is an English jazz author , presenter , critic , and jazz bassist .
Wolfgang Joop ( born November 18 , 1944 in Potsdam ) is a German fashion designer .
Dmitri Tcherniakov ( Russian : Дмитрий Черняков ) ( born May 11 , 1970 ) is a Russian theatre director , and winner of numerous national Golden Mask theatre awards , who works with many European opera houses .
Cristóbal Suárez de Figueroa ( 1571 in Valladolid , Spain -- after 1644 ) was a Spanish writer and jurist .
Maria Valtorta ( 14 March 1897 -- 12 October 1961 ) was a Roman Catholic Italian writer and poet , considered by many to be a mystic .
Tadeusz Miciński ( 9 November 1873 in Łódź -- February 1918 in Cherykaw Raion , Belarus ) was an influential Polish poet , gnostic and playwright , and was a forerunner of Expressionism and Surrealism .
Araceli Navarro Laso ( born August 9 , 1989 in Madrid ) is a Spanish sabre fencer .
Pablo González Cuesta ( Pablo Gonz ) is a Spanish writer born in Seville ( 1968 ) .
Nechama Leibowitz ( Hebrew : September 3 , 1905 -- 12 April 1997 , נחמה ליבוביץ׳‎ ) was a noted Israeli Bible scholar and commentator who rekindled interest in Bible study .
Geoffroi Jacques Flach ( February 16 , 1846 -- December 4 , 1919 ) was a French jurist and historian born at Strasbourg , Alsace , of a family known at least as early as the 16th century , when Sigismond Flach was the first professor of law at University of Strasbourg .
Jean - Michel Berthelot ( 1945 - -2006 ) was a French sociologist , philosopher , epistemologist and social theorist , specialist in philosophy of social sciences , history of sociology , sociology of education , sociology of knowledge , sociology of science and sociology of body .
Sir Hedworth Williamson , 7th Baronet ( 1 November 1797 -- 24 April 1861 ) was an English Whig politician who sat in the House of Commons in two periods between 1831 and 1852 .
Susanna Kubelka von Hermanitz is a German - speaking writer living in France .
Julia Channel ( born 3 November 1973 ) is the stage name of a French former pornographic and mainstream actress , singer and entrepreneur .
Marcin Świetlicki ( born 24 December 1961 ) is a Polish poet , writer , and musician .
Kornel Makuszyński ( Polish pronunciation : ( ˈkɔrnɛl makuˈʂɨɲskʲi ) ; 8 January 1884 -- 31 July 1953 ) was a Polish writer of children 's and youth literature .
Eliza Haywood ( c. 1693 -- 25 February 1756 ) , born Elizabeth Fowler , was an English writer , actress and publisher .
Ramon Enrich ( Igualada , 1968 ) is a Catalan painter and sculptor .
Michel Serres ( born 1 September 1930 ) is a French philosopher and author .
Maarouf Al Rasafi ( 1875 - -1945 ) ( Arabic : معروف الرصافي ) was an Iraqi poet who was born in Baghdad in 1875 and died in Baghdad as well in 1945 .
Josip Osti ( born 19 March , 1945 ) is a Bosnian poet , prose writer and essayist , literary critic , anthologist and translator .
Charles - Étienne Gaucher , a French engraver , born in Paris in 1740 , was first a pupil of Basan , and afterwards of J. P. Le Bas .
Georg Matthäus Seutter ( also Matthias Seutter ; 1678 - 1757 ) was one of the most important and prolific German map publishers of the 18th century .
Harald Mante ( born March 29 , 1936 in Berlin ) , German photographer , artist , and designer .
Sir John Osborn , 5th Baronet ( 3 December 1772 -- 28 August 1848 ) , of Chicksands Priory in Bedfordshire , was an English politician .
Prajin Padmanabhan , popularly known as Prajin is an Indian film actor concentrating in Tamil and Malayalam language films .
Henryk Arctowski ( 15 July 1871 -- 21 February 1958 ; Polish pronunciation : ( ˈxɛnrɨk art͡sˈtɔfskʲi ) ) , born Henryk Artzt , was a Polish scientist and explorer .
Qu Yuan ( c. 339 BC -- unknown ; alt . c. 340 - -278 BC ) was a Chinese poet and minister who lived during the Warring States period of ancient China .
Narcisse Henri François Desportes ( December 1776 -- June 7 , 1856 ) was a French botanist and bibliographer who was a native of Champrond .
Arsène Roux ( February 5 , 1893 - -July 19 , 1971 ) was a French Arabist and Berberologist .
Henri Padovani ( born 13 October 1952 , Bastia , Santo - Pietro - di - Venaco , Corsica , France ) commonly known as Henry Padovani , is a musician from the Mediterranean French isle of Corsica , noted for being the original guitarist with The Police .
Hans - Werner Fischer - Elfert ( abbreviated Hans - W. ; born 2 September 1954 ) is a German professor of Egyptology at the Institut für Ägyptologie , University of Leipzig , Germany .
David Schirmer ( 29 May 1623 -- 1686 ) was a German lyric poet and librarian , who also used the pseudonyms Der Bestimmende , Der Beschirmende and DiSander .
Paul Preston CBE ( born 1946 in Liverpool ) is an English historian and Hispanist , biographer of Franco , specialist in Spanish history , in particular the Spanish Civil War , which he has studied for more than 30 years .
José Benito de Churriguera ( March 21 , 1665 -- March 2 , 1725 ) was a Spanish architect , sculptor and urbanist of the late - Baroque or Rococo style .
Rosario de Acuña Villanueva de la Iglesia , better known by the short name Rosario de Acuña and the masculine pseudonym used for her writings , Remigio Andrés Delafón ( 1850 -- 5 May 1923 ) was a Spanish author of dramas , essays , short stories , and poetry .
Giora Leshem ( born Moshe Giora Rotstein , Hebrew : גיורא לשם‎ ; February 3 , 1940 - - March 14 , 2011 ) was an award - winning Israeli poet and translator and one of the founders of the Keshev poetry publishing house .
Jonathan Stokes ( c. 1755 -- 30 April 1831 ) was an English physician and botanist , a member of the Lunar Society of Birmingham , and an early adopter of the heart drug digitalis .
Manu Brabo ( 1981 ) is a Spanish photojournalist who was captured in Libya along with three other journalists while covering the Libyan Civil War in 2011 and who was part of the Associated Press team to win the Pulitzer Prize for Breaking News Photography in 2013 .
Friedrich Preisigke ( 14 February 1856 in Dessau -- 8 February 1924 in Heidelberg ) was a German Egyptologist and papyrologist .
George Alexander Albrecht ( 15 February 1935 ) is a German conductor .
Umberto Bossi ( born September 19 , 1941 ) is an Italian politician , former leader of the Lega Nord , a party seeking autonomy or independence for Northern Italy or Padania .
Frédéric Cottier ( born 5 February 1954 ) is a French equestrian and Olympic medalist .
Ecaterina Andronescu ( Romanian pronunciation : ( ekateˈrina androˈnesku ) ; born 7 April 1948 ) is a Romanian engineer , professor and politician .
Colin Matthews , OBE ( born 13 February 1946 ) is an English composer of classical music .
Bolesław Leśmian ( born Bolesław Lesman ; January 22 , 1877 -- November 7 , 1937 ) was a Polish poet , artist and member of the Polish Academy of Literature .
Harry Fett ( 8 September 1875 -- 13 September 1962 ) was a Norwegian art historian and factory owner .
Penelope Fitzgerald ( 17 December 1916 -- 28 April 2000 ) was a Booker Prize -- winning English novelist , poet , essayist and biographer .
José Mira Mira ( December 31 , 1944 -- August 13 , 2008 ) Spanish scientist , Professor of Computational Sciences and Artificial Intelligence and Director of the Artificial Intelligence Department of the Computational Science Engineering 's ETS in the UNED , until his death .
Jytte Rex ( born 19 March 1942 ) is a Danish artist , writer and film director .
Claudia Soberón ( Spanish pronunciation : ( ˈklauðja soˈβeɾon ) ; born September 29 , 1977 ) is a mexican singer and an actress .
David Tremlett ( born 13 February 1945 in Dartford , Kent ) is an English sculptor , installation artist and photographer .
Ion Mihalache ( Romanian pronunciation : ( iˈon mihaˈlake ) ; March 3 , 1882 -- March 1963 ) was a Romanian agrarian politician , the founder and leader of the Peasants ' Party ( PȚ ) and a main figure of its successor , the National Peasants ' Party ( PNȚ ) .
Jean - Marie Duthilleul ( born 1952 ) is a French architect and civil engineer .
Félix Mantilla Botella ( Catalan : Fèlix Mantilla Botella ( ˈfɛɫiɡz mənˈtiʎə βuˈteʎə ) ; 23 September 1974 ) is a Spanish former professional tennis player , born in Barcelona .
Étienne - Pierre - Adrien Gois , also Étienne Gois le père , ( January 1 , 1731 -- February 3 , 1823 ) was a French sculptor .
Manuel Casal y Aguado ( April 20 , 1751 -- April 6 , 1837 ) , better known by his anagrammatic pseudonym Lucas Alemán y Aguado , was a Spanish polymath and poet .
Dominik Gross is a German bioethicist and historian of medicine .
Henry Clark Barlow , M.D. ( 12 May 1806 -- 8 November 1876 ) was an English writer on Dante .
Francesco Brizio ( 1574 - -1623 ) was an Italian painter and engraver of the Bolognese School , active in the early - Baroque .
Eugène Henri Paul Gauguin ( French : ( øʒɛn ɑ̃ʁi pɔl ɡoɡɛ̃ ) ; 7 June 1848 -- 8 May 1903 ) was a French post - Impressionist artist who was not well appreciated until after his death .
Jean - Joseph de Mondonville ( 25 December 1711 ( baptised ) -- 8 October 1772 ) , also known as Jean - Joseph Cassanéa de Mondonville , was a French violinist and composer .
Albrecht Goes ( March 22 , 1908 -- February 23 , 2000 ) was a German writer and Protestant theologian .
André Félibien ( May 1619 -- 11 June 1695 ) , sieur des Avaux et de Javercy , was a French chronicler of the arts and official court historian to Louis XIV of France .
Meredith Haaf ( born 1983 ) is a German feminist writer .
Raphael Eduard Liesegang ( /ˈliːzəɡɑːŋ/ ) ( November 1 , 1869 -- November 13 , 1947 ) was a German chemist , photographer and entrepreneur born in Elberfeld .
Joseph Hubert Reinkens ( March 1 , 1821 -- January 4 , 1896 ) was the first German Old Catholic bishop .
Helen Maria Williams ( 17 June 1759 -- 15 December 1827 ) was a British novelist , poet , and translator of French - language works .
Per Agne Erkelius ( 1935 -- 24 February 2010 ) was a Swedish novelist , playwright and teacher .
Francisco de la Cuesta ( 1661 -- May 30 , 1724 ) , O.S.H. was the 12th Archbishop of Manila from 1707 to 1722 , and Spanish Governor - General of the Philippines from 1719 to 1721 .
René Sédillot ( 2 November 1906 -- 21 October 1999 ) was a French journalist and historian .
Ion Rațiu ( Romanian pronunciation : ( iˈon ˈrat͡sju ) ; 6 June 1917 -- 17 January 2000 ) was a Romanian politician and the presidential candidate of the Christian Democratic National Peasants ' Party ( PNȚ ) in the 1990 elections , in which he ranked third with 4.29 % of the vote .
Adela Florence Nicolson ( née Cory ) ( 9 April 1865 -- 4 October 1904 ) was an English poet who wrote under the pseudonym Laurence Hope .
María Isbert ( 21 April 1917 -- 25 April 2011 ) was a Spanish actress whose credits included more than 250 Spanish films during her career .
René Quillivic ( 1879 - -1969 ) was a French sculptor whose art expressed Breton cultural identity .
Auguste François Le Jolis ( 1 December 1823 , Cherbourg - 20 August 1904 , Cherbourg ) was a French merchant , judge and botanist .
Jean - Michel Delpech ( 26 January 1946 -- 2 January 2016 ) , known as Michel Delpech , was a French singer - songwriter and actor .
Luigi Ferdinando Tagliavini ( born 7 October 1929 in Bologna ) , is an Italian organist , harpsichordist , musicologist and composer .
Toussaint Rose ( French pronunciation : ​(tusɛ̃ ʁoz ) ; 3 September 1611 -- 6 January 1701 ) was a French court secretary to Cardinal Mazarin and Louis XIV of France .
Luz Casal ( Spanish pronunciation : ( luθ kaˈsal ) ; born November 11 , 1958 at Boimorto ) is a Spanish pop singer .
Simon Heinrich Adolf Herling ( 13 October 1780 , Detmold -- 1 April 1849 , Frankfurt am Main ) was a German philologist and grammarian known for his scholastic treatment of German syntax .
Tzvetana Maneva ( Bulgarian : Цветана Манева ) ( born in Plovdiv , Bulgaria on 30 January 1944 ) is a Bulgarian actress .
Sergi Bellver ( born 1971 in Barcelona ) is a Spanish short story writer .
Henry Sweet ( 15 September 1845 -- 30 April 1912 ) was an English philologist , phonetician and grammarian .
Ulli Lommel ( born 21 December 1944 ) is a German actor and director , noted for his many collaborations with Rainer Werner Fassbinder and his association with the New German Cinema movement .
Tomas Venclova ( born 11 September 1937 , Klaipėda ) is a Lithuanian poet , prose writer , scholar , philologist and translator of literature .
The abbé Antoine Banier ( 2 November 1673 -- 2 November 1741 ) , a French clergyman and member of the Académie des Inscriptions et Belles - Lettres from 1713 , was a historian and translator , whose rationalizing interpretation of Greek mythology was widely accepted until the mid - nineteenth century .
Rolf Schübel ( born 11 November 1942 in Stuttgart , Germany ) is a German film director and screenwriter .
André Vaillant ( November 3 , 1890 -- March 23 , 1977 ) , was a French linguist , philologist and grammarian who specialized in Slavic languages .
Jean Hani ( 1917 - 2012 ) was a French philosopher and Traditionalist author , and a professor of Greek civilization and literature at the University of Amiens .
Karol Irzykowski ( Błaszkowa , near Pilzno , 23 January 1873 -- 2 November 1944 , Żyrardów ) was a Polish writer , literary critic , film theoretician , and chess player .
Pietro Verri ( 12 December 1728 -- 28 June 1797 ) was an Italian philosopher , economist , historian and writer .
Steinunn Sigurðardóttir ( born 1950 in Reykjavík ) is an Icelandic poet and novelist .
Giorgio Stegani ( October 13 , 1928 - ) is an Italian film and television writer , film director and second unit director .
Charlotte de Rothschild ( May 6 , 1825 -- July 20 , 1899 ) was a French socialite , painter , and a member of the prominent Rothschild banking family of France .
Claude Hardy ( 1604 -- 5 April 1678 ) was a French linguist , mathematician , and lawyer known for translating the works of Erasmus and Euclid into 36 different languages .
S. Krishnamoorthy ( born 9 October ) , better known by his screenname Madhan Bob , is a popular comedian and Tamil film actor from Chennai , Tamil Nadu , India .
Claudine Bouzonnet - Stella ( 1636 - -1697 ) was a French engraver , most of whose prints were after works by Nicholas Poussin , or by her uncle Jacques Stella , from whom she received her artistic education .
Jean Eustache ( French : ( øs.taʃ ) ; 30 November 1938 -- 5 November 1981 ) was a French filmmaker .
Kim Jee - woon ( Hangul : 김지운 ; born July 6 , 1964 ) is a South Korean film director and screenwriter .
Jean - Marie Abgrall ( born April 12 , 1950 in Toulon , France ) , where he still lives . , is a French psychiatrist , criminologist , specialist in forensic medicine , cult consultant , graduate in criminal law and well - known anti - cultist .
Jindřich Štreit ( born 5 September 1946 in Vsetín ) is a Czech photographer and pedagogue known for his documentary photography .
Franz Wilhelm Schweigger - Seidel ( 16 October 1795 -- 5 June 1838 ) ; born as Franz Wilhelm Seidel was a German physician and chemist born in Weißenfels .
Sir William Elford , 1st Baronet ( August 1749 -- 30 November 1837 ) was an English banker , politician , and amateur artist .
Sonja Biserko ( Serbian Cyrillic : Соња Бисерко ; born 14 February 1948 , Belgrade , FPR Yugoslavia ) is a Serbian campaigner for human rights .
Pietro Germi ( Italian pronunciation : ( ˈpjɛtro ˈdʒɛrmi ) ; 14 September 1914 -- 5 December 1974 ) was an Italian actor , screenwriter , and director .
Diego de Almagro II ( 1520 -- September 16th , 1542 ) called El Mozo ( the lad ) , was the assassin of Spanish conquistador Francisco Pizarro .
Sönke Wortmann ( August 25 , 1959 in Marl , North Rhine - Westphalia ) is a German film director and producer .
David Toop ( born 5 May 1949 ) is an English musician and author , and professor and chair of audio culture and improvisation at the London College of Communication .
José Victoriano Huerta Márquez ( Spanish pronunciation : ( biktoˈɾjano ˈwerta ) ; 22 December 1850 -- 13 January 1916 ) was a Mexican military officer and president of Mexico .
Gaius Valerius Flaccus ( Setinus Balbus ) ( in English : /ˈflækəs/ ; died c. AD 90 ) was a Roman poet who flourished in the `` Silver Age '' under the emperors Vespasian and Titus and wrote a Latin Argonautica that owes a great deal to Apollonius of Rhodes ' more famous epic .
José Antonio Plaza ( Segovia , 23 May 1939 -- Madrid , 22 November 1998 ) was a Spanish journalist , and television director and host .
Blanche Reverchon ( 1879 - 1974 ) was a French psychoanalyst .
Margrit Läubli ( born 3 April 1928 ) is a Swiss dancer , stage , television and film actress , comedian , cabarettist and radio personality , starring usually in Swiss German language productions .
In December 1939 at St. Mary the Virgin Church , Oxford University , Nicholas Mansergh married Diana Mary Keeton ( 1919 - -2001 ) , the daughter of George Keeton of Fleet , Hampshire , an English public school headmaster and former England Rugby international .
Charles Joseph Minard ( French : ( minaʁ ) ; 27 March 1781 -- 24 October 1870 ) was a French civil engineer recognized for his significant contribution in the field of information graphics in civil engineering and statistics .
John Baldwin Buckstone ( 14 September 1802 -- 31 October 1879 ) was an English actor , playwright and comedian who wrote 150 plays , the first of which was produced in 1826 .
Theobald Ziegler ( February 9 , 1846 -- September 1 , 1918 ) was a German philosopher and educator born in Göppingen , Württemberg .
Phùng Quán ( Hương Thủy , Thừa Thiên - Huế , 1932 - -22 January 1995 ) was a Vietnamese novelist and poet .
Paolo Volponi ( 6 February 1924 , Urbino -- 23 August 1994 , Ancona ) was an Italian writer , poet and politician .
Umberto Barbaro was an Italian film critic and essayist .
Andreu Fontàs Prat ( Catalan pronunciation : ( ənˈdɾew funˈtas ) ; born 14 November 1989 ) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays as a central defender for Celta de Vigo .
Hans Janowitz ( December 2 , 1890 in Podiebrad , Bohemia -- May 25 , 1954 in New York ) was a Bohemian - born German author .
Pietro Annigoni ( 7 June 1910 -- 28 October 1988 ) was an Italian portrait and fresco painter , who became world famous after painting Queen Elizabeth II in 1956 .
Hıfzı Topuz ( born 1923 ) is a Turkish veteran journalist , travel writer and novelist .
Ester Boserup ( May 18 , 1910 -- September 24 , 1999 ) , was a Danish economist .
Marija Lucija Stupica ( 13 December 1950 - 28 May 2002 ) was a Slovene children 's book illustrator .
Joseph - Eugène - Anatole de Baudot ( 14 October 1834 - 28 February 1915 ) was a French architect and a pioneer of reinforced - concrete construction .
Jean - Martin Charcot ( /ʃɑːrˈkoʊ/ ; French : ( ʃaʁko ) ; 29 November 1825 -- 16 August 1893 ) was a French neurologist and professor of anatomical pathology .
Wulf Kirsten ( born 21 June 1934 ) is a German poet , novelist , and publisher .
Lorenzo Hammarsköld ( b. Lars Hammarskjöld , 7 April 1785 -- 15 October 1827 ) was a Swedish critic and literary historian .
Michel Hazanavicius ( French pronunciation : ​(mi.ʃɛl a.za.na.vi.sjys ) ; born 29 March 1967 ) is a French film director , producer , screenwriter and film editor best known for his 2011 film , The Artist , which won the Academy Award for Best Picture at the 84th Academy Awards .
Juan Carlos Mortensen ( born April 13 , 1972 in Ambato , Ecuador ) is a Spanish professional poker player of Danish descent and the only Hispanic Main Event winner of the World Series of Poker .
Nanditha Bose is an Indian film actress in Malayalam movies .
Pavel Jozef Šafárik ( 13 May 1795 - - 26 June 1861 ) was a Slovak philologist , poet , one of the first scientific Slavists ; literary historian , historian and ethnographer .
Annemarie Reinhard ( official name after marriage Annemarie Gode ) ( 29 November 1921 -- 10 November 1976 ) was a German writer .
Cristina García Rodero is a Spanish photographer and member of Magnum Photos and Agence Vu photo agencies .
Henri Meilhac ( 21 February 1831 -- 6 July 1897 ) , was a French dramatist and opera librettist .
António Maria de Fontes Pereira de Melo GCTE KGF ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( ˈfõtɨʃ pɨˈɾɐjɾɐ dɨ ˈmɛlu ) ; Lisbon , 1819 -- Lisbon , 1887 ) was a Portuguese statesman , politician , and engineer .
Professor Shulamit Elizur ( Hebrew : שולמית אליצור‎ ) , born April 6 , 1955 , is a scholar of ancient and medieval piyyut ( Hebrew poetry ) .
Constant Marie , known as Le Père Lapurge ( 17 August 1838 -- 5 August 1910 ) was a French communard , shoemaker , anarchist and poet .
Emily Gravett ( born 1972 ) is an English author and illustrator of children 's picture books .
Mihailo Petrović Alas ( Serbian Cyrillic : Михаило Петровић Алас ; 6 May 1868 -- 8 June 1943 ) , was an influential Serbian mathematician and inventor .
Laurence Parisot ( born on 31 August 1959 in Luxeuil - les - Bains , Haute - Saône ) was head of the French MEDEF employers ' union between 5 July 2005 and 3 July 2013 .
Ariadna Sintes ( Havana , October 7 , 1986 ) is a Cuban - Spanish actress .
Guglielmo Cavallo ( born 18 August 1938 in Carovigno ) is an Italian Greek palaeographer and professor from the Sapienza University of Rome .
Kazimierz Ajdukiewicz ( 12 December 1890 -- 12 April 1963 ) was a Polish philosopher and logician , a prominent figure in the Lwów--
James Lowther , 1st Earl of Lonsdale ( 5 August 1736 -- 24 May 1802 ) was an English politician and landowner .
Nimmi ( born 18 February 1933 ) is a former Indian screen actress who achieved stardom in the 1950s and early 1960s in Hindi films .
Amparo Muñoz Quesada ( June 21 , 1954 -- February 27 , 2011 ) was a Spanish actress who won the Miss Universe 1974 pageant .
Olivia Hetreed studied English at university .
Louis - Adolphe Paquet ( French pronunciation : ​(pɑkɛt ) ; also Pâquet ; August 4 , 1859 - -February 4 , 1942 ) was an influential French - Canadian theologian from the late 19th early 20th century , and a major North American proponent and actor in the rebirth of Neo - Scholasticism .
Robert Fortet ( 1 May 1912 , Boulazac , France -- 3 July 1998 , Paris ) was a French mathematician working on analysis .
Pēteris Plakidis ( born March 4 , 1947 in Riga , Latvia ) is a Latvian composer and pianist .
Vigdis Ystad ( born 13 January 1942 , Verdal ) is a Norwegian literary historian .
Armand de Vignerot du Plessis ( 13 March 1696 -- 8 August 1788 ) was a French soldier , diplomat and statesman .
Clara Ng ( born 28 July 1973 ; née Clara Regina Juana , last name pronounced ( ŋ̍ ) ) is an Indonesian writer who is known for both adult fiction and children 's literature .
Narendra Kohli ( नरेन्द्र कोहली)(born 6 January 1940 , Sialkot ) is a Hindi - language author .
Mark Goldie is an English historian and Professor of Intellectual History at Churchill College , Cambridge .
Gala Gonzalez ( born March 16 , 1986 in A Coruña , Galicia , Spain ) is a Spanish model , socialite , blogger , fashion designer and DJ . She is considered as the first Spanish fashion blogger .
Ángela Vallvey Arévalo ( San Lorenzo de Calatrava , Ciudad Real , 1964 ) is a Spanish writer .
Jordi Bosch i Palacios ( Mataró , Barcelona ; 1956 ) is a Spanish actor .
Harun Farocki ( 9 January 1944 -- 30 July 2014 ) was a German filmmaker , author , and lecturer in film .
Kjell Bækkelund ( 6 May 1930 -- 13 May 2004 ) was a Norwegian classical pianist , born in Oslo .
Guildo Horn ( German pronunciation : ( ˈɡɪldo ˈhɔʁn ) ; born 15 February 1963 in Trier as Horst Köhler ) is a German Schlager singer .
Joaquim Ibarz Melet ( 25 May 1943 -- 12 March 2011 ) was a Spanish journalist who for 28 years was a Latin America correspondent for the Barcelona newspaper La Vanguardia .
( Percy ) Paul Selver ( 22 March 1888 -- 6 April 1970 ) was an English writer and translator .
Jürgen Gmehling ( born January 13 , 1946 in Duisburg ) is a retired German professor of technical and industrial chemistry at the Carl von Ossietzky University of Oldenburg .
Alex Jennings ( born 10 May 1957 ) is an English actor , who has worked extensively with the Royal Shakespeare Company and National Theatre .
Tanneguy Le Fèvre ( Tanaquil(lus ) Faber ) ( 1615 -- 12 September 1672 ) was a French classical scholar .
Georg Kükenthal ( 30 March 1864 -- 20 October 1955 ) was a German pastor and botanist who specialized in the field of caricology .
Constantin - Grigore Dumitrescu , also known as Constantin Ticu Dumitrescu or Ticu Dumitrescu ( 27 May 1928 - 5 December 2008 ) , Olari , Prahova , was a Romanian politician and president of the Association of Romanian Former Political Prisoners .
T. V. Chandran ( Malayalam : ടി.വി. ചന്ദ്രൻ ; born 23 November 1950 ) is an Indian film director , screenwriter , and actor , predominantly working in Malayalam cinema .
Émile Durand ( French : ( emil dyʁɑ̃ ) ; 16 February 1830 -- 7 May 1903 ) was a French musical theorist , teacher and composer .
Élisabeth Roudinesco ( Romanian : Rudinescu ; born 10 September 1944 ) is a French academic psychoanalyst .
Norica Nicolai ( born Norica Clinci ; January 27 , 1958 ) is a Romanian lawyer and politician .
Segundo Llorente Villa , S.J. ( November 18 , 1906 -- January 26 , 1989 ) was a Spanish Jesuit , philosopher and author who spent 40 years as a missionary among the Yup'ik in the most remote parts of Alaska .
Samuel Johnson ( 18 September 1709 ( O.S. 7 September ) -- 13 December 1784 ) , often referred to as Dr Johnson , was an English writer who made lasting contributions to English literature as a poet , essayist , moralist , literary critic , biographer , editor and lexicographer .
Georgios Kyriacos Panayiotou ( born 25 June 1963 ) , better known by his stage name George Michael , is an English singer , songwriter and record producer .
Jean Auguste Berthaut ( 29 March 1817 , Genlis , Côte - d'Or -- 24 December 1881 , Paris ) was a French general and French politician .
Lina Ramann ( July 24 , 1833 -- March 30 , 1912 ) was a German writer and teacher known for her books on the Hungarian composer and pianist Franz Liszt .
Jean Tordeur ( French : ( tɔʁdœr ) ; 5 September 1920 -- 27 January 2010 ) was a Belgian writer writing in French .
Jacques de Larosière de Champfeu ( born 12 November 1929 in Paris ) is a French civil servant .
Petr Skoumal ( 7 March 1938 -- 28 September 2014 ) was a Czech musician and composer .
Giorgio Celli ( 16 July 1935 -- 11 June 2011 ) was an Italian entomologist , ecologist , professor , writer , and politician .
Levi Collison ( 1875 -- 22 October 1965 ) was an English art publisher and printer and Liberal Member of Parliament .
Ziya ' al - Din Nakhshabi was a 14th - century Persian physician and Sufi living in India .
Øyvind Rimbereid ( born 2 May 1966 in Stavanger ) is a Norwegian author and composer of lyric poetry .
Al - Harith ibn Abi’l-ʿAlaʾ Saʿid ibn Hamdan al - Taghlibi ( 932 - -968 ) , better known by his nom de plume of Abu Firas al - Hamdani ( Arabic : أبو فراس الحمداني‎ ) , was an Arab prince and poet .
Daniel Balavoine ( 5 February 1952 -- 14 January 1986 ) , also known as Bala , was a French singer and songwriter .
Mikołaj Gomółka ( c. 1535 -- after 30 April 1591 , most probably 5 March 1609 ) was a Polish Renaissance composer , member of the royal court of Zygmunt II August , where he was a singer , flautist and trumpeter .
Eugène Séguy ( 1890 -- 1 June 1985 ) was a French entomologist / artist who specialised in Diptera .
Simon Gribelin ( 1661 - 1733 ) was a French line engraver .
Roque Baños López ( born 1968 ) is a Spanish music composer whose place of birth is Jumilla , a municipality in the Spanish region of Murcia .
François - Joseph Gossec ( 17 January 1734 -- 16 February 1829 ) was a French composer of operas , string quartets , symphonies , and choral works .
Stanisław Żaryn ( 5 October 1913 -- 15 July 1964 ) was a Polish architect and monument conservator .
Sir Henry Peyton , 2nd Baronet ( 1779 - 1854 ) , of Doddington , Cambridgeshire and Swift 's House , Bicester , Oxfordshire was an English politician .
Serge Clerc ( born 12 October 1957 in Roanne , Loire ) is a French comic book artist and illustrator .
Arnoldo Foà ( Italian pronunciation : ( arˈnoldo foˈa ) ; 24 January 1916 -- 11 January 2014 ) was an Italian film actor .
Johannes Scherr ( 3 October 1817 -- 21 November 1886 ) , was a German - born novelist and literary critic most of whose working life was spent in Switzerland .
Joan Oriol i Gràcia ( Catalan pronunciation : ( ʒuˈan uɾiˈɔɫ ) ; born 5 November 1986 ) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for RCD Mallorca as a left back .
Gotthold Julius Rudolph Sohm ( 29 October 1841 in Rostock -- 16 May 1917 in Leipzig ) was a German jurist and Church historian as well as a theologian .
Angeliki Palli ( 1798 -- 1875 ) was a Greek - Italian writer , translator and early feminist .
Nicolas Maurice Arthus ( English pronunciation : /ˌɑrˈtuːs/ , /ˌɑrˈtjuːs/ ) was a French immunologist and physiologist .
Charles Kegan Paul ( 1828 -- July 1902 ) was an English publisher and author .
David Lesley Goatham , better known by his pen name David Lambkin , is an English novelist .
Johann Georg Ebeling ( 8 July 1637 -- 4 December 1676 ) was a German composer who was born in Lüneburg and died in Stettin .
Juan Víctor Pradera Larumbe ( 1872 - -1936 ) was a Spanish political theorist and a Carlist politician .
George Warwick Deeping ( 28 May 1877 -- 20 April 1950 ) was a prolific English novelist and short story writer , whose best - known novel was Sorrell and Son ( 1925 ) .
Joseph von Auffenberg ( 25 August 1798 Freiburg -- 25 December 1857 Freiburg ) was a German dramatist .
George Alexander Hardy ( 29 December 1851 -- 2 October 1920 ) was an English businessman and Liberal Party politician who served for many years as a councillor in South London , and briefly as a Member of Parliament ( MP ) for the Stowmarket division of Suffolk .
Hereford Brooke George ( 1838 - -1910 ) was an English barrister , academic and historian , also known as an alpinist .
Paul Alfred Kleinert is a German writer , editor and translator .
Kang - i Sun Chang ( born Sun K'ang - i , Chinese : 孫康宜 ; 21 February 1944 ) , is a Chinese - born American scholar of classical Chinese literature .
Olivo Barbieri ( born 1954 in Carpi , Emilia - Romagna ) is an Italian artist and photographer of urban environments .
Emanuel Zisman ( Bulgarian : Емануел Зисман ; Hebrew : עמנואל זיסמן‎ , 11 February 1935 -- 11 November 2009 ) was an Israeli politician and ambassador .
William Henry Bliss ( 26 April 1835 -- 8 March 1911 ) was an English scholar and Anglican convert to Catholicism .
Ivan Gutman ( born in 1947 ) is a Serbian chemist and mathematician .
Mauricio Kagel ( Spanish pronunciation : ( mauˈɾisjo ˈkaɣel ) ; December 24 , 1931 -- September 18 , 2008 ) was a German - Argentine composer .
Charles - Claude Genest ( 17 October 1639 -- 19 November 1719 ) was a French clergyman , poet and playwright .
Reginald Heber ( 21 April 1783 -- 3 April 1826 ) was an English bishop , traveller , man of letters and hymn - writer who , after working as a country parson for 16 years , served as the Bishop of Calcutta until his sudden death at the age of 42 .
Erchempert ( also Herempert , Latin : Erchempertus ) was a Benedictine monk of the Abbey of Monte Cassino in the south of Italy in the final quarter of the ninth century .
Helen Craig ( born 30 August 1934 in London ) is an English children 's book illustrator and author , best known for creating the Angelina Ballerina series of children 's books with writer Katharine Holabird .
Henry Barraud ( sometimes Henri ) ( 23 April 1900 -- 28 December 1997 ) was a French composer .
General Adolf Heusinger ( August 4 , 1897 -- November 30 , 1982 ) was a German general officer who served as Adolf Hitler 's Chief of the General Staff of the Army during World War II and then served as the first Inspector General of the Bundeswehr , the West German armed forces , from 1957 to 1961 .
Manfred Noa ( 1893 - -1930 ) was a German film director .
As the work of a gentleman rather than a gardener , as previous French books on gardening had all been , Dezallier d'Argenville 's work was laid out like a treatise of architecture , addressed as much to the architect and the patron as to the practicing gardener .
Charles Sabourin ( 19 June 1849 -- 6 November 1920 ) was a French pathologist and pulmonologist born in Châtellerault , Vienne .
Johann Friedrich von Schulte ( April 23 , 1827 -- December 19 , 1914 ) was a German legal historian and professor of canon law who was born in Winterberg , Westphalia .
Armand - Albert Rateau ( 1882 - 1938 ) was a French furniture maker and interior designer .
Samuel Homfray ( 1762 -- 22 May 1822 ) was an English industrialist during the Industrial Revolution in Great Britain , associated with the early iron industry in South Wales .
Ausiàs March ( Valencian pronunciation : ( awziˈaz ˈmaɾk ) ) ( 1400 -- March 3 , 1459 ) was a medieval Valencian poet and knight from Gandia , Valencia .
Magnús Kjartansson ( 25 February 1919 -- 28 July 1981 ) was an Icelandic journalist , writer , politician and former minister .
Andrew Lloyd Webber , Baron Lloyd - Webber Kt ( born 22 March 1948 ) is an English composer and impresario of musical theatre .
Gaston Frommel ( November 25 , 1862 in Altkirch , France -- May 18 , 1906 in Geneva ) , French theologian , professor of theology in the University of Geneva from 1894 to 1906 .
José de Castro y Orozco ( 1808 in Granada -- 1869 in Madrid ) was a Spanish politician , poet and playwright whose literary work is associated with the Romantic movement .
Cho Chi - hun ( December 3 , 1920 -- May 17 , 1968 ) was a Korean poet , critic , and activist .
Karol Modzelewski ( born 23 November 1937 in Moscow ) is a Polish historian , writer and politician .
Fernand Lataste ( 1847 - 1934 ) was a French zoologist and herpetologist born in Cadillac , Gironde .
Miranda Carter ( born 1965 ) is an English historian , writer and biographer who now publishes under the name MJ Carter .
Einar Økland ( born 17 January 1940 ) is a Norwegian poet , playwright , essayist and children 's writer .
Briggs Priestley ( 16 March 1831 -- 21 October 1907 ) was an English cloth manufacturer and Liberal Party politician from Bradford in West Yorkshire .
Michel Murat is best known as a specialist of twentieth - century French literature , with an emphasis on modernity , style , poetics , and versification .
Sir John Hobbis Harris ( 29 July 1874 -- 30 April 1940 ) was an English missionary , campaigner against slavery and Liberal Party politician .
Chriet Titulaer ( born May 9 , 1943 in Hout - Blerick , Venlo , Limburg province ) is a Dutch astronomer , former television presenter and popular science and technology writer .
Yigael Yadin ( Hebrew : יִגָּאֵל יָדִין , born Yigael Sukenik ( Hebrew : יגאל סוקניק‎ ) 20 March 1917 -- 28 June 1984 ) was an Israeli archeologist , politician , and the second Chief of Staff of the Israel Defense Forces .
Gaspar Ibáñez de Segovia Peralta y Mendoza ( 1628 - -1708 ) , Marqués de Mondéjar , was a Spanish historian and bibliophile .
Charles - Marie Christian de Chergé , O.C.S.O ( Colmar , 18 January 1937 - 21 May 1996 ) , was a French Roman Catholic Cistercian monk .
Hans Bellmer ( 13 March 1902 -- 23 February 1975 ) was a German artist , best known for the life - sized pubescent female dolls he produced in the mid-1930s .
Xavier Tilliette ( born July 23 , 1921 , Corbie ) is a French philosopher , historian of philosophy and theologian , Somme .
Lucien Deslinières ( 1857 in Vierzon -- 1937 in Vernouillet ) was a French journalist , writer and socialist .
Daniel Marot ( 1661 - -1752 ) was a French Protestant , an architect , furniture designer and engraver at the forefront of the classicizing Late Baroque `` Louis XIV '' style .
Jean Gaumy ( born 1948 ) is a French photographer and filmmaker who has been associated with Magnum Photos since 1977 .
Stella Isaacs , Marchioness of Reading , Baroness Swanborough , GBE ( 6 January 1894 - 22 May 1971 ) , née Stella Charnaud , was an English philanthropist who is best remembered as the founder and chairman of the Women 's Voluntary Service ( WVS ) , now known as Royal Voluntary Service .
Max Bonnafous ( 21 January 1900 -- 16 October 1975 ) was a French sociologist who was Minister of Agriculture and Supplies from 1942 to 1944 in the Vichy government .
Čedomir Mirković ( Serbian Cyrillic : Чедомир Мирковић ; January 18 , 1944 -- April 25 , 2005 ) was a Serbian writer .
Colette Caillat ( 1921 - -2007 ) was a French professor of Sanskrit and comparative grammar .
César Fernández García ( Spanish pronunciation : ( ˈsesar ferˈnandes ɣarˈθi.a ) ; born on 22 April 1967 ) is a Spanish novelist .
Gérard Patris ( 1931 − 1990 ) was a French film director and television director who died in a car accident in 1990 in Chailles .
Surekha Vani is an Indian comedian and supporting actress who performs in the Telugu language .
Robert McLellan OBE ( 1907 - -1985 ) was a Scottish dramatist , poet and writer of the Linmill Stories , working principally in the Scots language .
See Geotrigona joearroyoi , a new species of bee from Colombia named in tribute to Joe Arroyo Info and Images Video of Joe Arroyo Obituary in El Tiempo ( in Spanish )
Francesca Marinaro , is an Italian politician .
Luigi Aloysius Colla ( 30 April 1766 -- 23 December 1848 ) was an Italian botanist of the late 18th and early 19th Centuries .
Émile Munier ( 2 June 1840 -- 29 June 1895 ) was a French academic artist and student of William - Adolphe Bouguereau .
Karl Heinrich von Nassau - Siegen ( 5 January 1743 - 10 April 1808 ) was a French - born fortune - seeker best known as Catherine II 's least successful naval commander .
Jorge Guardiola ( born 1963 ) is a Spanish sports shooter and Olympic medalist .
Leopoldo Ortiz Climent ( Catadau , Spain , 1941 ) is a Spanish engineer and politician who belongs to the People 's Party ( PP ) .
Charles Clémencet ( 1703 -- 5 August 1778 ) was a French Benedictine historian .
Peter Constantine ( born 1963 ) is a British and American award - winning literary translator who has translated literary works from German , Russian , French , Modern Greek , Ancient Greek , Italian , Albanian , Dutch , and Slovene .
Mariusz Hermanowicz ( 1950 - -2008 ) was a Polish - French photographer , known for his ironic style documenting Poland of the communist years .
Krishna Kanta Handique ( Assamese : কৃষ্ণকান্ত সন্দিকৈ Krishnô Kantô Xôndikoi ) ( July 20 , 1898 -- June 7 , 1982 ) was a Sanskrit scholar , an Indologist and philanthropist from Assam .
Rudolf Chmel ( born 11 February 1939 ) is a Slovak politician who was Minister of Culture in the government of Slovakia from 2002 to 2005 and again in 2006 .
Johannes Masing ( born 9 January 1959 in Wiesbaden ) is a German judge , jurisprudent and public law scholar .
Horst Bartel ( 16 January 1928 -- 22 June 1984 ) was a German historian and university professor .
Subair ( 25 May 1962 -- 18 August 2010 ) was an Indian film actor in Malayalam cinema industry .
Jacques - Gérard Milbert ( 18 November 1766 -- 5 June 1840 ) was a French naturalist and artist .
Rudolf Medek ( 8 January 1890 in Hradec Králové -- 22 August 1940 ) was a Czech poet , army - related prose writer , and a general in the Czechoslovak Legions in Russia .
Albert Schwegler ( February 10 , 1819 -- January 5 , 1857 ) , was a German philosopher and Protestant theologian .
Alexandru Ioan Cuza ( pronounced ( alekˈsandru iˈo̯an ˈkuza ) , or Alexandru Ioan I , also anglicised as Alexander John Cuza ; 20 March 1820 -- 15 May 1873 ) was Prince of Moldavia , Prince of Wallachia , and later Domnitor ( ruler ) of the Romanian Principalities .
Ernst Engelberg ( 5 April 1909 -- 18 December 2010 ) was a German university professor and historian .
Ramya Sri is South Indian Actress who has acted 250 films in Telugu , Tamil , Kannada , Malayalam , Hindi and Bhojpuri Languages .
Dragomir Brajković ( Serbian Cyrillic : Драгомир Брајковић ; 10 December 1947 -- 29 November 2009 ) was a Montenegrin Serb writer , journalist , editor of Radio Belgrade and poet .
Jacob Bouverie , 1st Viscount Folkestone ( bapt . 14 October 1694 -- 17 February 1761 ) was an English politician of huguenot descent , known as Sir Jacob Bouverie , 3rd Baronet from 1737 to 1747 .
Thomas Campion ( sometimes Campian ) ( 12 February 1567 -- 1 March 1620 ) was an English composer , poet , and physician .
Suruli Rajan was a Tamil film comedian .
Marie and Robert Weatherall were a married couple who collaborated in translating the work of Karel Čapek into English .
Sarah Moon ( born 1941 ) , previously known as Marielle Warin , is a French photographer .
Favell Lee Mortimer , born Favell Lee Bevan ( 14 July 1802 -- 22 August 1878 ) was an English Evangelical author of educational books for children .
John Timbs ( 17 August 1801 -- 6 March 1875 ) was an English author and antiquary .
Antonio Albacete ( born 15 January 1965 ) is a Spanish racing driver .
Nicolas Potier de Novion ( 1618 -- 1 September 1693 ) was a French magistrate of the Ancien Régime .
Mary Elizabeth Braddon ( 4 October 1835 -- 4 February 1915 ) was an English popular novelist of the Victorian era .
Rosa Porten ( February 18 , 1884 - May 7 , 1972 ) was a prolific German screenwriter , actor , and director during the nitrate film era .
Manuel Broseta Pont ( 13 October 1932 -- 15 February 1992 ) was a Spanish academic and politician .
Ryszard Kornacki ( born 1940 in Lublin ) it a Polish poet and essayist from Międzyrzec Podlaski .
Pam Gems ( 1 August 1925 -- 13 May 2011 ) was an English playwright .
Marie Jules Constant Robert Courrier ForMemRS ( 6 October 1895 -- 13 March 1986 ) was a French biologist , and doctor .
Charles Bernard Renouvier ( French : ( ʁənuvje ) ; January 1 , 1815 -- September 1 , 1903 ) was a French philosopher .
André Comte - Sponville ( born 12 March 1952 ) is a French philosopher born in Paris , France .
Gianluigi Zuddas ( born 1943 ) is an Italian author and translator of science fiction .
Czesław Kiszczak ( ˈt͡ʂɛswaf ˈkiʂt͡ʂak ) ( 19 October 1925 -- 5 November 2015 ) was a Polish communist - era soldier and Communist politician .
Hippolyte Fontaine ( born François - Hypolite Fontaine , 12 April 1833 in Dijon -- 17 February 1910 in Hyères ) was a French electrical engineer who worked with Zénobe Gramme on the development of the Gramme machine ( the first industrially viable electrical generator ) , and whose contributions were essential to the creation of the dynamo .
Mahmoud Messadi ( Tunisian Arabic : محمود المسعدي‎ ; 28 January 1911 -- 16 December 2004 ) was a Tunisian author and intellectual .
Alonso Gutiérrez , also known as Alonso de la Vera Cruz ( c.1507 - -1584 ) was a Spanish philosopher and Augustinian , who took the religious name da Vera Cruz .
Dieter Senghaas ( born August 27 , 1940 , in Geislingen an der Steige ) is a German social scientist and peace researcher .
Marco Tarchi ( born October 11 , 1952 in Rome ) is an Italian political scientist .
Don Antonio de Benavides y Fernández de Navarrete ( Baeza , Spain , 20 June 1807 -- Madrid , Spain , 23 January 1884 ) was a Spanish noble , historian and politician who served as Minister of State between 1864 and 1865 , in the reign of Queen Isabella II of Spain .
Prince Adam Jerzy Czartoryski ( Polish pronunciation : ( ˈadam ˈjɛʐɨ t͡ʂartɔˈrɨskʲi ) , Lithuanian : Аdomas Jurgis Čartoriskis , also known as Adam George Czartoryski in English ; 14 January 1770 -- 15 July 1861 ) was a Polish noble , statesman and author .
Edward Carpenter ( 29 August 1844 -- 28 June 1929 ) was an English socialist poet , philosopher , anthologist , and early LGBT activist .
Hippolyte Morestin ( 1 September 1869 -- 12 February 1919 ) was a French surgeon , and associate professor of anatomy at the University of Paris .
Emil Kraepelin ( /ˈɛ:.mil ˈkrɛ : pɛ.lin/ ; 15 February 1856 -- 7 October 1926 ) was a German psychiatrist .
Atom Yarjanian ( Armenian : Ատոմ Եարճանեան ) , better known by his pen name Siamanto ( Սիամանթօ ) ( 15 August 1878 -- August 1915 ) , was an influential Armenian writer , poet and national figure from the late 19th century and early 20th century .
Philomina ( 1926 -- 2 January 2006 ) was a veteran Malayalam film actress .
Alain Chenciner ( 23 October 1943 , Villeneuve - sur - Lot ) is a French mathematician , specializing in dynamical systems with applications to celestial mechanics .
Fra ' Annibale Caro , K.M. , ( 6 June 1507 -- 17 November 1566 ) was an Italian writer and poet .
Juan Ramírez Mejandre ( March 23 , 1680 -- July 15 , 1739 ) , was a Spanish Baroque sculptor .
David Callejón ( Barcelona , Spain , 1981 ) , known artistically as David Guapo , is a Spanish comedian and singer .
Jerzy Karol Kurnatowski ( 1 July 1874 -- 22 May 1934 ) was a Polish lawyer , economist , academic , author , politician , public official , and political scientist .
François Brochet ( 3 January 1925 -- 10 August 2001 ) was a French sculptor , painter and printer .
Teuvo Kohonen ( born July 11 , 1934 ) is a prominent Finnish academician ( Dr. Eng . ) and researcher .
Otto Sutermeister was a friend of the German poet Friedrich Rückert , the father of Werner Sutermeister and the grandfather of Heinrich and Hans Martin Sutermeister .
Tadeusz Mazowiecki ( taˈdɛuʂ mazɔˈvʲɛt͡skʲi ) ; ( 18 April 1927 -- 28 October 2013 ) was a Polish author , journalist , philanthropist and Christian - democratic politician , formerly one of the leaders of the Solidarity movement , and the first non - communist Polish prime minister since 1946 .
Lars Sund 's five latest books have been translated to Finnish .
Corneliu Baba ( Romanian pronunciation : ( korˈnelju ˈbaba ) ; November 18 , 1906 , Craiova -- December 28 , 1997 ) was a Romanian painter , primarily a portraitist , but also known as a genre painter and an illustrator of books .
Armand Dayot , ( 19 October 1851 -- 2 October 1934 ) , was a French art critic , art historian and leftist politician .
Jean - Claude Romand ( born 11 February 1954 ) is a French murderer and impostor who pretended to be a medical doctor for 18 years before killing his family when he was about to be exposed .
Vlado Perlemuter ( 26 May 1904 -- 4 September 2002 ) was a Lithuanian - born French pianist and teacher .
Albena Bakratcheva received her master 's degree in Bulgarian and English literature from the St Kliment Ohridski University of Sofia in 1984 .
Sir Robert Dallington ( 1561 - -1637 ) was an English courtier , travel writer and translator , and master of the London Charterhouse .
Begum Para ( 1926 - -2008 ) was an Indian Hindi film actress who was active mostly in the 1940s and 1950s .
Haruhiko Kindaichi ( 金田一 春彦 , Kindaichi Haruhiko ; April 3 , 1913 -- May 19 , 2004 ) was a Japanese linguist and a scholar of Japanese linguistics ( known as kokugogaku ) .
Benjamin Ulmann , French ( Alsatian ) Jewish painter , born at Blotzheim ( Haut Rhin ) in 1829 , was a pupil of Michel Martin Drolling and of François - Édouard Picot , and entered the Ecole des Beaux Arts in 1849 .
Jonathan Boakes is an English game designer , born in November 7 , 1973 in Kent , UK .
Philippe Ariès ( French : ( aʁjɛs ) ; 21 July 1914 -- 8 February 1984 ) was a French medievalist and historian of the family and childhood , in the style of Georges Duby .
Ernest Christophe ( 1827 -- 1892 ) was a French sculptor , a student of François Rude and a friend of Charles Baudelaire .
K. S. Ravikumar ( Tamil : கே. எஸ். ரவிகுமார் ; born 30 May 1958 ) is an Indian film director and actor , primarily working in Tamil cinema .
Hernando de Alarcón , a Spanish navigator of the 16th century , born in Trujillo , Extremadura , noted for having led an early expedition to the Baja California Peninsula , meant to be coordinated with Francisco Vasquéz de Coronado 's overland expedition , and for penetrating the Colorado River into California .
Josep Lluís Sert i López ( Catalan pronunciation : ( ʒuˈzɛb ʎuˈis ˈsɛrt ) ) ( July 1 , 1902 -- March 15 , 1983 ) was a Spanish architect and city planner .
Walther von der Vogelweide ( c. 1170 -- c. 1230 ) is the most celebrated of the Middle High German lyric poets .
Dzidra Rinkule - Zemzare ( born 8 July 1920 , died 4 November 2007 ) , was a Latvian poet and children 's book author .
Graciano Antuña ( 1903 , San Martín del Rey Aurelio , Asturias -- May 13 , 1937 ) was a Spanish union socialist politician .
Terenzio , Count Mamiani della Rovere ( 1799 - -1885 ) was an Italian writer and statesman .
Sheikh Ibrahim Sarsur ( Arabic : ابراهيم صرصور‎ , Hebrew : אִבְרָהִים צַרְצוּר ; born 2 February 1959 ) is an Israeli Arab politician .
Urmas Paet ( born 20 April 1974 ) is an Estonian politician who was Minister of Foreign Affairs of Estonia from 2005 to 2014 .
Hans Günter Merz , better known as HG Merz ( * 1947 in Tailfingen ) is a German architect and museum designer .
Heinrich Laube ( September 18 , 1806 - August 1 , 1884 ) , German dramatist , novelist and theatre - director , was born at Sprottau in Prussian Silesia .
Jef Friboulet , born Émile Jean Jules Friboulet ( Fécamp , November 11 , 1919-Yport , May 13 , 2003 ) was a Norman - French painter and sculptor .
Benito Zambrano ( Lebrija , 20 March 1965 ) , is an awarded Spanish screenwriter and film director .
Ana Patricia Botín - Sanz de Sautuola O'Shea , DBE ( born 4 October 1960 ) is a Spanish banker .
Gangadhar Gopal Gadgil ( 25 August 1923 -- 15 September 2008 ) was a Marathi writer from Maharashtra , India .
Shmuel Yeivin ( Hebrew : שמואל ייבין ) ( September 2 , 1896 - February 28 , 1982 ) was an Israeli archaeologist .
Zadie Smith FRSL ( born on 25 October 1975 ) is an English novelist , essayist , and short story writer .
Raphael Patkanian ( Armenian : Ռափայել Պատկանյան ; also known as Kamar Katiba , 8 November 1830 - 22 August 1892 ) was one of the most popular Armenian poets .
Filippo Scòzzari ( Bologna , 1946 ) , is an Italian comics artist , painter and writer , one of the main figures of the 1970s underground art movement .
Acharya Shivpujan Sahay was a noted Hindi Novelist , editor and a Prose Writer .
Émile Armand ( pseudonym of Ernest - Lucien Juin Armand ; 26 March 1872 -- 19 February 1963 ) was an influential French individualist anarchist at the beginning of the 20th century and also a dedicated free love / polyamory , intentional community , and pacifist / antimilitarist writer , propagandist and activist .
Friedrich Wilhelm Hackländer , in later life von Hackländer ( 1 November 1816 -- 6 July 1877 ) , was a successful German author .
Gregor Wilhelm Nitzsch ( November 22 , 1790 -- July 22 , 1861 ) was a German classical scholar known chiefly for his writings on Homeric epic .
William Ames ( /eɪmz/ ; Latin : Guilielmus Amesius ; 1576 -- 14 November 1633 ) was an English Protestant divine , philosopher , and controversialist .
Óscar Pérez Solís ( 24 August 1882 -- 26 October 1951 ) was a Spanish artillery officer , engineer , journalist and politician .
Ludwig Meidner ( 18 April 1884 -- 14 May 1966 ) was a German expressionist painter and printmaker born in Bernstadt , Silesia .
Friedrich Tiedemann ( 23 August 1781 -- 22 January 1861 ) was a German anatomist and physiologist .
Peter Stephan Jungk ( born December 19 , 1952 , in Santa Monica , California ) is an American German - speaking novelist .
Helene Uri ( born 11 December 1964 ) is a Norwegian linguist , novelist and children 's writer .
Marcel Blistène , born Marcel Blitstein ( June 3 , 1911 , Paris - August 2 , 1991 ) , was a French film director .
Paolo Virno ( born 1952 ) is an Italian philosopher , semiologist and a figurehead for the Italian Marxist movement .
Valentin Ernst Löscher ( born at Sondershausen 29 December 1673 ; died at Dresden 12 December 1749 ) was a German orthodox Lutheran theologian .
Marc Trévidic , born on 20 July 1965 in Bordeaux , is a French magistrate .
Nicholas Moore ( 16 November 1918 -- 26 January 1986 ) was an English poet , associated with the New Apocalyptics in the 1940s , whose reputation stood as high as Dylan Thomas 's .
Gonzalo García Téllez , known as Lalo García ( 20 March 1971 -- March 2015 ) was a Spanish basketball player who played for CB Valladolid and the national team .
Wacław Seweryn Rzewuski ( 1784 - -1831 ) was a Polish explorer , poet , orientalist and horse expert .
Antonio Giménez - Rico ( born 20 November 1938 ) , is a Spanish film director and screenwriter .
Carlo Formichi ( 1871 - 1943 ) was an Italian orientalist and Sanskrit Scholar .
Frutos Baeza ( 1861 - -1918 ) was a Spanish poet and writer of the Murcian dialect .
Étienne de Flacourt ( 1607 - -1660 ) was a French governor of Madagascar , born at Orléans in 1607 .
Werner Stötzer ( born Sonneberg 2 April 1931 : died Altlangsow 22 July 2010 ) was a German Artist and Sculptor .
Tadashi Kawamata ( 川俣正 ) is a Japanese artist , born in Hokkaido , he lives in Paris and Tokyo .
Andrés Niño ( born in Moguer in 1475 ; died about 1530 ) was a Spanish navigator .
Samuel Milles ( c. 1669 -- 10 December 1727 ) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1722 to 1727 .
Diego de Almagro , ( c. 1475 -- July 8 , 1538 ) , also known as El Adelantado and El Viejo ( The Elder ) , was a Spanish conquistador and a companion and later rival of Francisco Pizarro .
Jacques Antoine ( 14 March 1924 -- 14 September 2012 ) was a French creator and producer of game shows .
Robert Desoille ( May 29 , 1890 - October 10 , 1966 ) was a French psychotherapist .
Zoran Bujas ( 27 December 1910 -- 11 January 2004 ) was a Croatian psychologist .
Irena Bobowska ( 3 September 1920 - 27 September 1942 ) was a Polish poet and member of the Polish resistance .
Kurt Schneider ( 7 January 1887 -- 27 October 1967 ) was a German psychiatrist known largely for his writing on the diagnosis and understanding of schizophrenia , as well as personality disorders then known as psychopathic personalities .
Mercè Pons is a known Spanish TV , dubbing , theatre and movie actress born in 1966 .
Amédée Louis Michel le Peletier , comte de Saint - Fargeau ( October 9 , 1770 -- August 23 , 1845 ) , also spelled Lepeletier or Lepelletier , was a French entomologist , and specialist in the Hymenoptera .
Austin Harvey Gomme known as Andor Gomme ( 7 May 1930 -- 19 September 2008 ) was a British scholar of English literature and architectural history .
Sir Derek Jules Gaspard Ulric Niven van den Bogaerde , known as Dirk Bogarde ( 28 March 1921 -- 8 May 1999 ) was an English actor and writer .
Kullamani was a Tamil film actor comedian who appeared in South Indian films .
Hans Carl Friedrich von Mangoldt ( 1854 - -1925 ) was a German mathematician who contributed to the solution of the prime number theorem .
Léon Barsacq ( 18 October 1906 -- 23 December 1969 ) was a Russian - born and naturalized French production designer , art director and set decorator .
WHBX , or 96.1 Jamz , is an urban contemporary radio station in the Tallahassee , Florida market owned by Cumulus Licensing , LLC . According to AllAccess.com , WHBX is the highest rated station in the Tallahassee , FL market , joining sister stations Blazin 102.3 and Star 98 as the market 's highest rated stations .
WYYU FM 104.5 ( `` Mixx 104 - 5 '' , pronounced `` mix one oh four five '' ) is a radio station broadcasting an adult contemporary music format , and licensed to serve Dalton , Georgia , USA .
WSML is located in Graham , North Carolina , and broadcasts at 1200 AM .
WKGV ( 104.1 FM ) is a Contemporary Christian radio station licensed to Swansboro , North Carolina .
WHIT ( `` Hank on AM 1550 '' AM ) is a radio station based in Madison , Wisconsin and broadcasting a classic country format .
Jazz Radio is based in Lyon , France and it is broadcasting nationally with around 45 frequencies throughout France including Monaco .
KPEZ , known on - air as `` 102.3 The Beat '' , is a radio station licensed to and serving Austin , Texas , operating a Rhythmic Contemporary format .
CFIT - FM is a Canadian radio station that broadcasts a hot adult contemporary / adult top 40 format at 106.1 FM in Airdrie , Alberta .
WQBT ( 94.1 FM ) , known as `` 94.1 The Beat '' , is an Urban Contemporary radio station targeted towards Savannah , Georgia .
CKWF - FM is a radio station in Peterborough , Ontario , Canada , broadcasting at 101.5 FM , with an active rock format branded as The Wolf 101.5 .
WDNC is a sports talk radio station licensed to Durham , North Carolina but based in Raleigh , North Carolina with a frequency of 620 AM .
WBLM 102.9 FM is a classic rock radio station serving the central and southern Maine and southeastern New Hampshire listening areas from Portland , Maine .
Licensed to Bolivia , North Carolina , USA , and Topsail Beach , North Carolina , USA , respectively , WUDE and WNTB serve the Wilmington area .
KZRR ( 94.1 FM , `` 94 Rock '' ) is a commercial radio station located in Albuquerque , New Mexico , broadcasting to the Albuquerque - Santa Fe , New Mexico , area .
KVGS is a commercial radio station located in Meadview , Arizona , broadcasting to the Las Vegas metropolitan area on 107.9 FM .
CIRK - FM is a Canadian radio station , which broadcasts classic rock on 97.3 MHz FM in Edmonton , Alberta .
Radio West Fife is one of Scotland 's oldest hospital radio stations and broadcasts by landline to the Queen Margaret Hospital in Dunfermline .
WPOP ( 1410 AM ; `` News Radio 1410 '' ) is a radio station in Hartford , Connecticut , USA broadcasting a talk , news , and sports format .
KZZO ( 100.5 FM ) is a hot adult contemporary radio station in Sacramento , California , known as Now 100 FM .
WBGK is an FM radio station licensed to Newport ( village ) , New York .
KXLE - FM is a radio station located in Ellensburg , Washington , USA , operating on a frequency of 95.3 MHz with an effective radiated power of 51,000 watts .
WRDF ( 106.3 FM ) is a radio station licensed to Columbia City , Indiana located near Fort Wayne , Indiana .
CHMB is a Canadian AM radio station , broadcasting from Vancouver , British Columbia on 1320 kHz .
CJUL was an English - language Canadian radio station located in Cornwall , Ontario .
WLUR is a Public Radio and Variety formatted broadcast radio station licensed to and serving Lexington , Virginia .
CJMJ - FM is an adult contemporary radio station at 100.3 FM in Ottawa , Ontario , Canada .
CHMN - FM is a Canadian radio station serving Canmore and Banff , Alberta at 106.5 FM , and airs an adult contemporary format under the name 106.5 Mountain FM .
WKKF ( 102.3 FM ) - branded as Kiss 102.3 - is a contemporary hit radio station licensed to Ballston Spa , New York and serving the Capital District and Adirondacks .
KWCE - LP , channel 27 , is a television station in Alexandria , Louisiana .
CJRT - FM is a Canadian public radio station , which broadcasts at 91.1 on the FM dial in Toronto , Ontario .
WRBA ( 95.9 FM ) , known as `` Classic Rock 95.9 '' , is a radio station that broadcasts out of Springfield , Florida , in the Panama City market .
KMCN ( 94.7 FM ) is a radio station licensed to Clinton , Iowa and broadcasting an Adult Hits format under the branding Mac 94.7 - 93.1 along with its sister station , KMCS in Muscatine , Iowa .
KIDR , 740 AM , is a Spanish Language Catholic radio station serving the Phoenix , Arizona , area .
WHIN ( 1010 AM ) , licensed to Gallatin , Tennessee , is a radio station broadcasting a country music format .
KOAR ( 101.5 FM ) is a non - commercial educational radio station licensed to serve Beebe , Arkansas , USA .
The station is a class A licensed station transmitting from Rantoul , Illinois , at 3,800 watts and is owned by SJ Broadcasting , LLC . WQQB was granted a broadcast license renewal on February 9 , 1996 with that license expiring on December 1 , 2012 .
CIQM - FM is an FM radio station broadcasting at 97.5 FM in London , Ontario , Canada , branded as 97 - 5 Virgin Radio .
WTQR ( Q104.1 FM ) is a country music station licensed to Winston - Salem , North Carolina and serves the Piedmont Triad region , including Greensboro and High Point .
WYVC ( 102.3 FM ) was a radio station formerly licensed to serve Camden , Alabama .
The Schwartzkopff torpedo was a torpedo manufactured in the late 19th century by the German firm Eisengießerei und Maschinen - Fabrik von L. Schwartzkopff , later known as Berliner Maschinenbau , based on the Whitehead design .
The development of the Type 62 light tank began at Factory 674 ( Harbin First Machinery Building Group Ltd ) in 1958 .
The RMS Titanic , the largest ship afloat at the time it entered service , was the second of three Olympic class ocean liners operated by the White Star Line , and was built by the Harland and Wolff shipyard in Belfast with Thomas Andrews as her naval architect .
The Bushmaster M17S is a semi - automatic bullpup rifle that was manufactured by Bushmaster Firearms International from 1992 until 2005 .
TS Duchess of Montrose was built by William Denny and Brothers for the Caledonian Steam Packet Company in response to the growing competition from rival turbine steamers .
The Velvet Glove was a short - range semi - active radar homing air - to - air missile designed by CARDE ( today DRDC Valcartier ) and produced by Canadair starting in 1953 .
The Mossberg 183 is a .410 bore bolt action shotgun , produced between 1947 and 1971 by O.F. Mossberg & Sons in New Haven , Conn.
The Mitsubishi Minicab is a kei truck and microvan built and sold in Japan by Mitsubishi Motors since 1966 .
The Remington Model 511 Scoremaster is a bolt - action rifle manufactured by Remington Arms from 1939 until 1963 .
The Hyundai Chorus ( hangul:현대 코러스 ) is a minibus built by Hyundai Motor Company .
The Bristol 408 is a British luxury car made by Bristol Cars between 1963 and 1966 .
The FM H-16 - 44 was a road switcher produced by Fairbanks - Morse from April 1950 --
The EMD 710 is a line of diesel engines built by Electro - Motive Diesel ( previously General Motors ' Electro - Motive Division ) .
The Commodore Amiga 1000 , also known as the A1000 and originally simply as the Amiga , was the first personal computer release by Commodore International in the Amiga line .
The Hyundai e - Mighty ( hangul:현대 이 마이티 , 현대 e-마이티 ) is a line of light - duty commercial vehicles by Hyundai Motor Company .
The Union Pacific Challengers were a type of simple articulated 4 - 6 - 6 - 4 steam locomotive built by American Locomotive Company for the Union Pacific Railroad .
The Short C-23 Sherpa is a small military transport aircraft built by Short Brothers .
The Canon PowerShot SX60 HS is a digital ultrazoom bridge camera announced by Canon Inc. on September 15 , 2014 .
The Wright R-1300 Cyclone 7 is an American air - cooled seven - cylinder supercharged radial aircraft engine produced by Curtiss - Wright .
The Pneumatic Valve and Rod rifle also known as UDMC PVAR rifle is Filipino assault rifle , manufactured by United Defense Manufacturing Corporation , and is a variant of the Armalite AR-15 and M16 rifle .
German submarine U-190 was a Type IXC/40 U - boat of Nazi Germany 's Kriegsmarine built for service during World War II . Her keel was laid down on 7 October 1941 by DeSchiMAG AG Weser of Bremen .
The Paykan ( Persian : پيکان‎‎ Arrow ) was an automobile produced by the Iranian company Iran Khodro ( formerly called `` Iran National '' ) Industrial Group .
The DKW Munga was a DKW - branded off - road vehicle built by Auto - Union in Ingolstadt , Germany .
The Rimac Concept One ( also styled Concept_One ) is a two - seat high - performance electric sports car designed and manufactured by Rimac Automobili .
The Sauber C9 ( later named the Sauber Mercedes C9 or Mercedes - Benz C9 ) was a Group C prototype race car introduced in 1987 as a continuation of the partnership between Sauber as a constructor and Mercedes - Benz as an engine builder for the World Sportscar Championship .
The Baldwin DS-4 - 4 - 1000 were two models of four - axle 1,000 horsepower ( 746 kW ) diesel - electric switching locomotives built by the Baldwin Locomotive Works between 1946 and 1951 .
The XSSM - A-5 Boojum , also known by the project number MX-775B , was a supersonic cruise missile developed by the Northrop Corporation for the United States Air Force in the late 1940s .
An EMD SW900 is a diesel switcher locomotive built by General Motors Electro - Motive Division and General Motors Diesel ( GMD ) between December 1953 and March 1969 .
Xelibri was a fashion - oriented range of mobile phones created by Siemens mobile in early 2003 .
Claude DeBellefeuille ( born December 13 , 1963 ) is a former Bloc Québécois Member of Parliament for the riding of Beauharnois--
Maria Justine Elliot MP ( born 29 July 1967 ) , an Australian politician , is a member of the Australian House of Representatives , representing the Division of Richmond , New South Wales for the Australian Labor Party , since the 2004 federal election .
Donald Wellington ( born 10 September 1992 ) is a Sierra Leonean international footballer who plays in Sweden for IFK Värnamo , as a striker .
Kyle Bibb ( born 25 January 1987 ) is an English rugby league footballer , playing at club level for Hull F.C. , Wakefield Trinity Wildcats , Hull Kingston Rovers , Harlequins , and Dewsbury Rams , as a prop .
Lieutenant - General Henry de Grangues ( died June 1754 ) was a British Army officer .
The 116th ( Perthshire Highlanders ) Regiment of Foot was an infantry regiment of the British Army , formed in 1793 and disbanded in 1795 , with some personnel sent to the 42nd Highlanders .
The oldest son of King Edmund I and his Queen Ælfgifu of Shaftesbury , Eadwig became King in 955 following the death of his uncle Eadred .
Bridget of York ( 10 November 1480 -- 1517 ) was an English princess , the tenth child and seventh daughter of Edward IV of England and Queen Elizabeth Woodville .
Ašmu - nikal was born as a princess , the daughter of King Tudhaliya I and Queen Nikal - mati .
Constantia Eriksdotter ( 1560 - 1649 ) was the illegitimate daughter of Eric XIV of Sweden and Agda Persdotter .
Will Take Charge 's dam , Take Charge Lady , was a top - class race mare whose wins included the Ashland Stakes and successive runnings of the Spinster Stakes .
Louise Adélaïde d'Orléans ( Marie Louise Adélaïde ; 13 August 1698 -- 10 February 1743 ) was the third daughter of Philippe d'Orléans , and Françoise Marie de Bourbon , a legitimised daughter of Louis XIV of France and his mistress , Madame de Montespan .
Grand Duchess Elizabeth Mikhailovna of Russia ( Moscow , 26 May 1826 -- Wiesbaden , 28 January 1845 ) was the second child and daughter of Grand Duke Mikhail Pavlovich of Russia and Princess Charlotte of Württemberg who took the name Elena Pavlovna upon her conversion to the Orthodox faith .
Hans Ulrik Gyldenløve ( 10 March 1615 -- 31 January 1645 ) was the illegitimate son of King Christian IV of Denmark and his mistress , Karen Andersdatter .
Infante Fernando of Portugal ( Fernando Maria Luís de Saxe - Coburgo - Gotha e Bragança ; 23 July 1846 in Lisbon -- 6 November 1861 in Lisbon ) was the fourth son of Queen Maria II of Portugal and King - consort Fernando II and a member of the House of Braganza .
He was born as the youngest son of Hereditary Prince Frederick of Hesse - Kassel ( the future Landgrave Frederick II ) and Princess Mary of Great Britain .
Zeus is the child of Cronus and Rhea , the youngest of his siblings to be born , though sometimes reckoned the eldest as the others required disgorging from Cronus 's stomach .
Paul Thomas Mann was born in Lübeck , the second son of Thomas Johann Heinrich Mann ( a senator and a grain merchant ) and his wife Júlia da Silva Bruhns ( a Brazilian of German and Portuguese ancestry who emigrated to Germany when seven years old ) .
Alboin was probably born in the 530s in Pannonia , the son of Audoin and his wife , Rodelinda .
Isabel le Despenser , Countess of Worcester and Warwick ( 26 July 1400 -- 1439 ) was the posthumous daughter and eventually the sole heiress of Thomas le Despenser , 1st Earl of Gloucester ( d. 1399 ) by his wife , Constance of York .
Annia Cornificia Faustina ( 122/123-between 152 - 158 ) was the youngest child and only daughter to the praetor Marcus Annius Verus and Domitia Lucilla .
Jonathan Craven ( born March 20 , 1965 ) , son of late filmmaker of horror Wes Craven and Bonnie Broecker , is an American writer and director with a number of credits to his name .
Isabella of Lusignan ( c.1224 -- 14 January 1300 ) was a daughter of Hugh X of Lusignan and his wife Isabella of Angoulême , Dowager Queen of England .
Princess Henriette of Schönaich - Carolath ( German : Henriette Hermine Wanda Ida Luise Prinzessin von Schönaich - Carolath ; 25 November 1918 -- 16 March 1972 ) was the youngest daughter of Prince Johann Georg von Schoenaich - Carolath and Princess Hermine Reuss of Greiz , second wife of Wilhelm II , German Emperor .
In both sources , Sleipnir is Odin 's steed , is the child of Loki and Svaðilfari , is described as the best of all horses , and is sometimes ridden to the location of Hel .
Robert Collett was the oldest child of Peter Jonas and Camilla Collett .
Karl Ulrich Schnabel ( August 6 , 1909 -- August 27 , 2001 ) was an Austrian pianist , and the son of pianist Artur Schnabel and operatic contralto and lieder singer Therese Behr .
Princess Anna Sophie of Denmark ( 1 September 1647 -- 1 July 1717 ) was the eldest daughter of King Frederick III of Denmark and Sophie Amalie of Brunswick - Lüneburg , and Electress of Saxony from 1680 to 1691 as the wife of John George III .
Prince Jean of Luxembourg ( given names : Jean Félix Marie Guillaume ) was born on 15 May 1957 at Betzdorf Castle , the second son of Jean , Grand Duke of Luxembourg and Princess Joséphine - Charlotte of Belgium .
Samir Modi ( born 15 December 1969 ) is an Indian entrepreneur and the youngest son of Krishan Kumar and Bina Modi .
Maxime Real del Sarte was born on 2 May 1888 in Paris , France as the son of the sculptor Louis Desire Real and Marie Magdeleine Real del Sarte .
The Meta River is a major left tributary of the Orinoco River in eastern Colombia and western Venezuela , South America .
Sandon River rises of the eastern slopes of the Summervale Range , west of Blue Gum Flat and flows generally northeast before reaching its mouth at the Coral Sea of the South Pacific Ocean below Sandon Bluffs ; descending 37 metres ( 121 ft ) over its 16 kilometres ( 9.9 mi ) course .
Reidite is named after the scientist who first created the high pressure phase in the laboratory in 1969 , Alan F. Reid .
Cavendish bananas were named after William Cavendish , 6th Duke of Devonshire .
Mary McNamara of the Los Angeles Times was lukewarm towards the show , stating that `` Raising Hope is funny , sweet , occasionally provocative , and occasionally over - the - top in a regrettable way . ''
Kojak was an American crime drama television series starring Telly Savalas as the title character , New York City Police Department Detective Lieutenant Theo Kojak .
Pareni Maya Jalaima , or Pare Ni Maya Jalaima ( Nepali alternative transliteration ) or Undone by Love ( English - language title ) , is a 2004 movie filmed 80 % in Hong Kong with the remaining footage shot in Nepal .
Sam & Max Hit the Road follows the pair on a case that takes them from their office in New York City across the United States .
Gendarme in New York ( French : Le gendarme à New York ) is the sequel to the French comedy film Le gendarme de Saint - Tropez .
In `` Journey Through a Small Planet '' ( 1972 ) , the writer Emanuel Litvinoff recalls his working - class Jewish childhood in the East End of London : a small cluster of streets right next to the city , but worlds apart in culture and spirit .
Chinatown Family is a 1948 novel by Lin Yutang set in New York City 's Chinatown of the 1920s and 1930s , concerning the experiences of the Fongs , a Chinese - American family in becoming successful by hard work and endurance in a sometimes less than welcoming America .
The show follows the lives of a group of young adults living in an apartment complex called Melrose Place , in Los Angeles , California .
Poochinski is a 1990 television pilot featuring a Chicago police detective ( played by Peter Boyle ) , whose spirit is transferred into a flatulent English bulldog after he is killed in the line of duty .
The series was created as a spin - off of Cheers , continuing the story of psychiatrist Frasier Crane as he returned to his hometown of Seattle and started building a new life .
After accosting a group of anti - gay protesters from the Westboro Baptist Church while still in bondage gear and boarding a bus , Brüno and Lutz remove their equipment at Madison County Office of Alternative Sentencing and Release in Huntsville , Alabama .
Edges of the Lord is an award - winning 2001 film , written and directed by Yurek Bogayevicz , set in Poland during World War II , starring Willem Dafoe and Haley Joel Osment .
A Different Story is a 1978 American film set in Los Angeles .
The story of Land of the Dead deals with a zombie assault on Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , where a feudal - like government exists .
Blonde Ambition is an American film released in December 2007 and inspired by the theme of the Academy Award - winning movie Working Girl , starring singer / actress Jessica Simpson playing the part of a small town girl who moves to New York City and rises up into a career as a business woman .
West 10 LDN ( also known as W10 LDN and West 10 London ) was a one - off BBC Three urban drama broadcast on 10 March 2008 .
NYPD Blue is an American police procedural drama television series set in New York City , exploring the struggles of the fictional 15th Precinct of Manhattan .
Gun n ' Rose is a 1992 Hong Kong action film directed by Clarence Fok and starring Alan Tang , Andy Lau , Leon Lai and Simon Yam .
Ip Man 2 ( classified under the name Ip Man 2 : Legend of the Grandmaster in the US ) is a 2010 Hong Kong biographical martial arts film loosely based on the life of Ip Man , a grandmaster of the martial art Wing Chun .
The Five Days was director Dario Argento 's first box office failure in Italy .
The Demi - Bride is a 1927 film directed by Robert Z. Leonard , depicting the naughtiness synonymous with Paris at the time .
The Education of Shelby Knox is 2005 documentary film that tells the coming - of - age story of public speaker and feminist Shelby Knox , a teenager who joins a campaign for comprehensive sex education in the high schools of Lubbock , Texas .
Old Fort Duquesne , or , Captain Jack , the Scout is an historical novel by the American writer Charles McKnight ( 1826 - 1881 ) set in 1750s Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania .
The Forgotten Frontier ( 1931 ) is a documentary film about the Frontier Nursing Service , nurses on horseback , who traveled the back roads of the Appalachian Mountains of eastern Kentucky .
Children of Paradise is set in the theatrical world of Paris during the July Monarchy ( 1830 - -48 ) , centred on the area around the Funambules theatre , situated on the Boulevard du Temple -- pejoratively referred to as the `` Boulevard du Crime '' .
Gustav Altenhain ( December 5 , 1891 in Sprockhövel ( Sauerland ) - December 23 , 1968 in Gevelsberg ( Sauerland ) ) was a German publisher and politician of the Free Democratic Party ( FDP ) .
Ernst Ulrich von Weizsäcker ( born 25 June 1939 in Zürich , Switzerland ) is a German scientist and politician ( SPD ) .
The Vinctiplicata is a clade of Scalidophora uniting the Loricifera and the Priapulida , and representing the sister group to the Kinorhyncha .
Prosomphax is a very small genus in the geometer moth family ( Geometridae ) .
The Tami River rainbowfish ( Glossolepis pseudoincisus ) is a species of fish in the Melanotaeniidae family .
In a classification of orchids that was published in 2015 , the genera Brownleea and Disperis constituted the subtribe Brownleeinae of the tribe Orchideae .
The Atlantic sawtail catshark ( Galeus atlanticus ) is a little - known species of catshark , part of the family Scyliorhinidae , found in a small area of the northeastern Atlantic Ocean , centered on the Strait of Gibraltar and the Alborán Sea .
Regalecus is a fish genus of the family Regalecidae , commonly called oarfish , with these currently recognized species :
The Whitaker 's skink , Oligosoma whitakeri ( formerly Cyclodina whitakeri ) , is a threatened species of skink in the Scincidae family .
Leucosidea sericea is a member of the Rosaceae , also known as the rose family .
Triakis is a genus of houndsharks in the family Triakidae .
The New Zealand flatworm ( Arthurdendyus triangulatus ) is a large land flatworm native to New Zealand .
Coppernose barb ( Raiamas christyi ) is a species of ray - finned fish in the genus Raiamas who are found in the Congo River system in Africa .
Bravaisia is a genus in family Acanthaceae .
The Bistonini are a tribe of geometer moths in subfamily the Ennominae .
Stichoneuron is a genus in the family Stemonaceae described as a genus in 1883 .
Morelia spilota cheynei , or the jungle carpet python , is a python subspecies found in the rainforests of Queensland , Australia .
The Iphis monarch ( Pomarea iphis ) is a species of bird in the Monarchidae family .
The Duckwater pyrg , scientific name Pyrgulopsis aloba , is a species of very small freshwater snail with an operculum , an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Hydrobiidae .
The Delturinae are a subfamily of catfishes ( order Siluriformes ) of the family Loricariidae , including two genera , Delturus and Hemipsilichthys .
Gerris is a bug genus in the family Gerridae ( water striders ) .
According to Mateus and Antunes ( 2001 ) , Draconyx loureiroi is a member of the Iguanodontia , more specifically the Camptosauridae , based on the maxillary teeth , which have a strong vertical primary ridge on the distal side of the labial crown , and the femur , which is curved and has a prominent lesser trochanter .
Paratrichapus sechellarum is a species of beetle in the family Ciidae , the only species in the genus Paratrichapus .
The Lebombo flat lizard ( Platysaurus lebomboensis ) is a species of lizard in the Cordylidae family .
Tula virus ( TULV ) is a single - stranded , negative - sense RNA virus species of Hantavirus first isolated from a European common vole ( Microtus arvalis ) found in Central Russia .
Blanfordia is a genus of terrestrial gastropod mollusks in the family Pomatiopsidae .
Talinum is a genus of herbaceous succulent plants in the family Talinaceae ( formerly in the family Portulacaceae ) whose common names include fameflower and flameflower .
The Colobinae are a subfamily of the Old World monkey family that includes 59 species in 10 genera , including the black - and - white colobus , the large - nosed proboscis monkey , and the gray langurs .
The Nicaraguan seed finch ( Oryzoborus nuttingi ) is a species of bird in the family Thraupidae .
The Checklist of Australian Lepidoptera synonymised Dasygaster nephelistis with Leucania obumbrata , but made no attempt to assign the species to a genus .
Caribbean reef squid ( Sepioteuthis sepioidea ) , commonly called reef squid , are small 20 cm ( 7.9 in ) torpedo - shaped squid with undulating fins that extend nearly the entire length of the body .
Cavalier - Smith , in a collaborative paper with Alexandra Stechmann , postulated that Apusozoa belongs in the bikont clade .
Homalopterus atrovirens is a species of beetle in the family Megalopodidae , the only species in the genus Homalopterus .
Lyle 's flying fox ( Pteropus lylei ) is a species of flying fox in the family Pteropodidae .
The Devils Hole pupfish ( Cyprinodon diabolis ) is a species of fish native to Devils Hole , a geothermal ( 92 ° F or 33 ° C ) , aquifer - fed pool within a limestone cavern , in the Amargosa Pupfish Station of the Desert National Wildlife Refuge Complex east of Death Valley National Park .
Geobius pubescens is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Geobius .
Agassiz 's perchlet ( Ambassis agassizi ) , also known as Agassiz 's glassfish is a species of fish in the Ambassidae family .
Lasaeola is a tangle web spider genus in the family Theridiidae .
Warren 's tree frog , Hyla warreni , is a species of frog in the Hylidae family found in Guyana and possibly Brazil and Venezuela .
Beyrichoceras is a genus belonging to the Goniatitid family , Muensteroceratidae , a group of ammonoids , extinct shelled cephalopods related to belemnites and recent coleoids and more distantly to the nautiloids
Hatiora is a small genus of epiphytic cacti which belongs to the tribe Rhipsalideae within the subfamily Cactoideae of the Cactaceae .
Dwarf tarantulas , also known as sheet funnel - web spiders are a type of spider from the family Mecicobothriidae .
The Terek sandpiper ( Xenus cinereus ) is a small migratory Palearctic wader species , the only member of the genus Xenus .
Baird 's trogon ( Trogon bairdii ) is a species of bird belonging to the Trogonidae family ( Trogoniformes ) .
Crepipora is an extinct genus of marine bryozoan belonging to the Ceramoporidae family .
Turbonillinae is a subfamily of mostly minute parasitic sea snails , marine gastropod molluscs in the family Pyramidellidae , the pyrams and their allies .
Merycochoerus is an extinct genus of terrestrial herbivore of the family Merycoidodontidae ( oreodont ) , endemic to North America during the Late Oligocene to Early Miocene ( 28.4 - -16.3 mya ) existing for approximately 12.1 million years .
The Lord Derby 's parakeet ( Psittacula derbiana ) , also known as Derbyan parakeet , is a monotypic parrot species , which is confined to small pocket of moist evergreen forest in the hills of the Indian state of Arunachal Pradesh and the adjoining parts of Tibet .
Ischnura is a genus of damselflies known as forktails in the family Coenagrionidae .
Mahonia is a genus of about 70 species of evergreen shrubs in the family Berberidaceae , native to eastern Asia , the Himalaya , North America and Central America .
Cryosophileae is a tribe of palms in the subfamily Coryphoideae .
The Pima hardyhead ( Craterocephalus pimatuae ) is a species of fish in the Atherinidae family endemic to Papua New Guinea .
Kristin 's false shieldback ( Acilacris kristinae ) is a tettigoniid orthopteran that is endemic to two localities within Malta Forest in Limpopo , South Africa .
Protocardia is an extinct genus of saltwater clams , marine bivalve mollusks in the family Cardiidae , the cockles .
Pearson 's long - clawed shrew ( Solisorex pearsoni ) is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae .
Avenionia is a genus of small freshwater snails with a gill and an operculum , aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Hydrobiidae .
Chamaecostus is a group of plants in the Costaceae described as a genus in 2006 .
The Chatham gerygone or Chatham Island warbler ( Gerygone albofrontata ) is a species of bird in the Acanthizidae family .
Phlomis is a genus of over 100 species of herbaceous plants , subshrubs and shrubs in the family Lamiaceae , native from the Mediterranean region east across central Asia to China .
Cocoharpinia iliffei is a species of crustacean in the family Phoxocephalidae .
Leptomitales are an order of water moulds within the class Oomycetes that contains the genus Apodachlya , belonging to the kingdom Protista .
Stylosanthes is a genus of flowering plants in the legume family , Fabaceae and contains numerous highly important pasture and forage species .
The Mixe tree frog , Megastomatohyla mixe , is a species of frog in the Hylidae family endemic to Mexico .
Dodecahema is a genus of plants in the family Polygonaceae with a single species restricted to California , where it is an endangered species on the state and federal levels .
Buliminus , is a genus of air - breathing land snails , terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Enidae .
Scarlett 's shearwater ( Puffinus spelaeus ) was a species of seabird in the petrel family Procellariidae .
Zophochroa was a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family , it is now considered to be a synonym of Elaphristis .
The Threadtail conger ( Uroconger syringinus , also known as the Slender - tail conger ) is an eel in the family Congridae ( conger / garden eels ) .
The Japanese amberjack or yellowtail , Seriola quinqueradiata , is a bony fish in the family Carangidae .
Aturia is an extinct genus of Paleocene to Miocene nautilids within Aturiidae , a monotypic family , established by Campman in 1857 for Aturia Bronn , 1838 , and is included in the superfamily Nautilaceae in Kümmel 1964 .
The Tachinidae are a large and variable family of true flies within the insect order Diptera , with more than 8,200 known species and many more to be discovered .
Euomphaloceratinae is a subfamily of Upper Cretaceous ammonites included in the Acanthoceratidae , characterized by generally evolute shells with quadrate whorl sections that are strongly ribbed .
The Cape ground squirrel ( Xerus inauris ) is found in most of the drier parts of southern Africa from South Africa , through to Botswana , and into Namibia .
Mimiptera fulvella is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , the only species in the genus Mimiptera .
Misszhouia is a genus of small to average sized ( up to 6 centimetres ( 2.4 in ) long ) marine arthropods within the Naraoiidae family , that lived during the early Cambrian period .
Nosoderma diabolicum ( formerly Phloeodes diabolicus ) is a beetle of the Family Zopheridae .
Libinia is a genus of crabs in the family Epialtidae , containing twelve extant species :
Gomphodesmidae is a family of millipedes in the order Polydesmida , containing around 55 genera and 150 species .
Cardiomera genei is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Cardiomera .
Tereingaornis moisleyi , also referred to as Moisley 's penguin , is a genus and species of extinct penguin from the Middle Pliocene of New Zealand .
The Indian giant flying squirrel ( Petaurista philippensis , Gujarati : ઉડતી ખિસકોલી , මහ හම්බාවා in Sinhala ) , alternatively referred to as the large brown flying squirrel or the common giant flying squirrel , is a species of rodent in the Sciuridae family .
Prosthechea flowers are unique among the Laeliinae in producing fluorescent flavenoid crystals when preserved in ethanol with 5 % sodium hydroxide .
Jerdon 's babbler ( Chrysomma altirostre ) is an endangered passerine bird from South Asia .
Arsenophonus is a genus of Enterobacteriaceae , of the Gammaproteobacteria .
The Sind krait ( Bungarus sindanus ) is a species of krait , a venomous elapid snake found in India , Nepal and Pakistan .
Hartogiella is a genus of flowering plant within the family Celastraceae .
The Weyland ringtail possum ( Pseudochirulus caroli ) is a species of marsupial in the family Pseudocheiridae .
Dicheros is a genus of beetles belonging to the family Scarabaeidae , subfamily Cetoniinae .
Merriam 's pocket mouse ( Perognathus merriami ) is a species of rodent in the family Heteromyidae .
Beddome 's coral snake ( Calliophis beddomei ) is a species of venomous elapid snake endemic to hills of peninsular India .
The Lewis 's woodpecker ( Melanerpes lewis ) is a large North American species of woodpecker which ornithologist Alexander Wilson named after Meriwether Lewis , one of the explorers who surveyed the areas bought by the United States of America as part of the Louisiana Purchase .
Didimus is a genus of beetles of the family Passalidae .
The Wilkins 's finch ( Nesospiza wilkinsi ) , also known as Wilkins 's bunting or the grosbeak bunting , is a species of bird in the family Thraupidae .
The Fox 's weaver ( Ploceus spekeoides ) is a species of bird in the Ploceidae family .
The São Tomé thrush or olivaceous thrush also called the Príncipe thrush or Gulf of Guinea thrush ( Turdus olivaceofuscus ) is a species of bird in the family Turdidae .
The Hispaniolan yellow tree frog or common treefrog ( Osteopilus pulchrilineatus ) is a species of frog in the Hylidae family endemic to Hispaniola , where it is found in both the Dominican Republic and Haiti .
Macrophya is a genus of sawfly ( order Hymenoptera , family Tenthredinidae ) .
Agrioceros is a genus of insects in the Ethmiidae family .
The Chthamaloidea are a subdivision of Balanomorpha proposed by Newman and Ross to include barnacles with shell wall composed of rostrum , carina , and one to three pairs of latera , rarely supplemented with one or more whorls of basal imbricating plates .
Magaliella punctata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , the only species in the genus Magaliella .
Eocnides fragilis is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Eocnides .
The Ptychodacteae are a suborder of sea anemones in the order Actiniaria , with these families :
The Philippine gray flying fox ( Pteropus speciosus ) is a species of flying fox in the family Pteropodidae .
The Alaska whitefish ( Coregonus nelsonii ) is a species of whitefish in the family Salmonidae .
Isolaboides is a genus of earwigs , the sole member of the subfamily Isolaboidinae .
Sauropodomorpha is one of the two major clades within the order Saurischia .
Hatt 's vesper rat ( Otonyctomys hatti ) , also known as the Yucatán vesper rat , is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae .
The Tahiti reed warbler ( Acrocephalus caffer ) is a songbird in the genus Acrocephalus .
The Townsend 's mole ( Scapanus townsendii ) is a fossorial mammal in the family Talpidae , and is the largest North American mole .
Nactus is a genus of geckos endemic to Oceania .
The Mauritius lowland forest day gecko ( Phelsuma guimbeaui guimbeaui Mertens , 1963 ) is a diurnal subspecies of gecko .
The Piura chat - tyrant ( Ochthoeca piurae ) is a species of bird in the Tyrannidae family .
Gallagher 's free - tailed bat ( Chaerephon gallagheri ) is a free - tailed bat endemic to the Democratic Republic of the Congo .
The Talaud kingfisher ( Todiramphus enigma ) is a species of bird in the family Alcedinidae .
The Mrs. Gould 's sunbird ( Aethopyga gouldiae ) is a species of bird in the Nectariniidae family .
Imaizumi 's horseshoe bat ( Rhinolophus imaizumii ) is a species of bat in the family Rhinolophidae .
Monura is an extinct order of wingless insects in the subclass Apterygota .
Anaphalis is a genus of flowering plants within the Asteraceae family , whose members are commonly known by the name pearl or pearly everlasting .
The Manytooth conger ( Conger triporiceps , also known as the Manytooth conger eel or simply the Conger eel ) is an eel in the family Congridae ( conger / garden eels ) .
The Nodugl tree frog ( Litoria micromembrana ) is a species of frog in the Hylidae family .
Euproctus , the European mountain salamanders , is a genus of salamanders in the Salamandridae family from Sardinia and Corsica .
The Mexican funnel - eared bat ( Natalus stramineus ) is a bat species from the northern Lesser Antilles .
The Hispaniola nightjar ( Antrostomus ekmani ) , also known as the Hispaniolan nightjar , was previously considered a subspecies of the Greater Antillean nightjar .
Protocolliuris coerulans is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Protocolliuris .
Kishinouyeidae is a stalked jellyfish family in the order Eleutherocarpida .
The New Britain sparrowhawk ( Accipiter brachyurus ) is a threatened species of bird of prey .
Afrivoluta is a genus of large deepwater sea snails with glossy shells , marine gastropod molluscs in the family Marginellidae , the marginellids .
Sconsia is a genus of large sea snails , marine gastropod mollusks in the family Cassidae , the helmet snails and bonnet snails .
Culladia is a grass moth genus ( family Crambidae ) of subfamily Crambinae , tribe Crambini .
Incilius melanochlorus ( formerly Bufo melanochlorus ; common names : dark green toad , wet forest toad ) is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae .
Protoparvovirus is a genus of viruses in the subfamily Parvovirinae of the virus family Parvoviridae .
Leuthneria is a genus of moths in the Sesiidae family containing only one species Leuthneria ruficincta , which is known from Sudan .
Neope is a genus of butterfly of the Nymphalidae family found in Asia .
Loxogenius opacipennis is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Loxogenius .
Zosichrysia is a genus or subgenus of moths of the Noctuidae family .
Mopsolodes is an Australian spider genus of the Salticidae family ( jumping spiders ) .
Zachrysia is a genus of air - breathing land snails , terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Camaenidae or Pleurodontidae .
The only species in the genus Quadrasura ktimuna was formerly placed in the genus Asura .
Desmoulin 's whorl snail , scientific name Vertigo moulinsiana , is a species of minute air - breathing land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusc or micromollusc in the family Vertiginidae , the whorl snails .
Lesueur 's frog ( Litoria lesueurii ) is a species of ground - dwelling tree frog native to south - eastern Australia , from Sydney , New South Wales , to eastern Victoria .
Acheroniotes mlejneki is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Acheroniotes .
Cape long - billed lark ( Certhilauda curvirostris ) Agulhas long - billed lark ( Certhilauda brevirostris ) Benguela long - billed lark ( Certhilauda benguelensis ) Eastern long - billed lark ( Certhilauda semitorquata ) Karoo long - billed lark ( Certhilauda subcoronata ) Short - clawed lark ( Certhilauda chuana )
The MacGregor 's bowerbird ( Amblyornis macgregoriae ) is a medium - sized , up to 26 cm long , olive brown bowerbird of New Guinea 's mountain forests , roughly the size and shape of a robin .
Lomatus hislopi is a fossil species of beetle in the family Buprestidae , the only species in the genus Lomatus .
Euthyneura is a taxonomic clade of snails and slugs , which includes species from freshwater , marine , aquatic and terrestrial gastropod mollusks in the clade Heterobranchia .
The Styrian ringlet ( Erebia stirius , often misspelled `` styrius '' ) is a member of the Satyrinae subfamily of Nymphalidae .
Chrysophtharta is a genus of leaf beetle , family Chrysomelidae .
Holoprizus serratus is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Holoprizus .
Pronorites , as for the Pronoritidae , produced discoidal shells with no prominent sculpture , in which the ventral lobe of the suture has three prongs .
Andakhudukia ponomarenkoi is a fossil species of beetle in the family Buprestidae , the only species in the genus Andakhudukia .
The Cantharidinae are a taxonomic subfamily of very small to large sea snails , marine gastropod molluscs in the family Trochidae , common name top snails .
The Panniet naked - backed fruit bat ( Dobsonia pannietensis ) is a species of megabat in the family Pteropodidae .
The Florida softshell turtle ( Apalone ferox ) is a species of softshell turtle native to the Southeastern United States .
Apristurus is a genus of catshark , the family Scyliorhinidae , commonly known as the ghost or demon catsharks .
Oreomunnea is a genus of two species of flowering plants in the family Juglandaceae , native to southern Mexico and Central America , where they occur in montane rainforest .
Anthocleista was once placed in the family Loganiaceae , but more recent molecular , morphological , and phytochemical evidence has placed the group well within the Gentianaceae .
The Visayan pygmy babbler ( Dasycrotapha pygmaea ) is a bird species endemic to the Philippines .
Streblitinae is a subfamily of Upper Jurassic and Lower Cretaceous ammonites within the family Oppeliidae characterized by compressed , involute shells ; typically oxycones with complex sutures .
Sirembo is a genus of cusk - eels found in the Indian and Pacific Oceans .
The Tumbala climbing rat ( Tylomys tumbalensis ) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae .
Berthella is a genus of sea slugs , marine gastropod mollusks in the family Pleurobranchidae .
Polychalca is a genus of tortoise beetles belonging to the family Chrysomelidae .
The Sick 's swift ( Chaetura meridionalis ) is a species of swift in the Apodidae family .
Bartrumella is a small genus of miniature sea snails , pyramidellid gastropod mollusks or micromollusks in the family Pyramidellidae within the tribe Chrysallidini ( sensu taxonomy by Bouchet & Roctroi , 2005 ) .
The Kermadec scalyfin , Parma alboscapularis , is a damselfish of the genus Parma , found around New Zealand 's Kermadec Islands around depths of between 3 and 20 m , over shallow rocky reef areas .
Scissurella is a genus of minute sea snails , marine gastropod molluscs in the family Scissurellidae , the small slit snails .
Edwardsia is a genus of sea anemones , the type of the family Edwardsiidae .
Rhombosoleinae is a subfamily of fish in the Pleuronectidae family , comprising nine genera and 19 species ; all members of this subfamily are right eye flounders with asymmetrical pelvic fins .
Limax flavus ( syn . Limacus flavus ) , known commonly as the yellow slug or tawny garden slug , is a medium to large species of air - breathing land slug , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Limacidae .
Camelini is a tribe of terrestrial herbivore the family Camelidae , endemic to Asia , North America , and Africa from the Pliocene to the present .
Epidryos is a group of plants in the family Rapateaceae described as a genus with this name in 1962 .
The Sphinx blenny ( Aidablennius sphynx ) is a species of combtooth blenny , and the only species in the genus Aidablennius .
The Shaggy parasol is the common name for three closely related species of mushroom , Chlorophyllum rhacodes , C. olivieri and C. brunneum , found in North America , Europe and Southern Africa ( the latter species is also found in Australia ) .
Rhinella ceratophrys , formerly Bufo ceratophrys , is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae .
Chelonoidis is a genus of turtles in the tortoise family .
O. aubrevillei was originally named Oktoknema okoubaka and placed in the Octoknemaceae or Olacaceae ; however careful morphological studies of the fruits have led to it being classified as Okoubaka and placed in the Santalaceae .
Hedychium is a genus of flowering plants in the ginger family Zingiberaceae , native to lightly wooded habitats in Asia .
Peregrinella is an extinct genus of brachiopods belonging to the family Peregrinellidae .
The Manu short - tailed bat ( Carollia manu ) is a bat species found in Peru and Bolivia .
The Steganinae Hendel , 1917 , is the smaller of two subfamilies in the fruit fly family Drosophilidae .
Laterallus is a genus of birds in the rail family Rallidae .
Asfaltomylos is an extinct genus of the primitive mammal subclass Australosphenida from the middle Jurassic of Argentina .
Pachylinae is the most diverse subfamily of the harvestman family Gonyleptidae , including around 400 valid species .
Karimi 's fat - tailed mouse opossum ( Thylamys karimii ) is a species of opossum in the family Didelphidae .
The Venus ' flower basket , or Euplectella aspergillum is a hexactinellid sponge in the phylum Porifera inhabiting the deep ocean .
Heterocentrotus is a genus of slate pencil urchins , part of the familia Echinometridae .
Syngagrella bistriata is a species of harvestmen in a monotypic genus in the family Sclerosomatidae .
The Sincorá antwren ( Formicivora grantsaui ) is a small passerine bird of the genus Formicivora in the family Thamnophilidae , the typical antbirds .
Terpios is a genus of demosponges belonging to the family Suberitidae .
Roosmalen 's dwarf porcupine , Sphiggurus roosmalenorum , is a porcupine species from the New World porcupine family endemic to northern Brazil .
The Tibetan antelope or chiru ( Pantholops hodgsonii ) ( Tibetan : གཙོད་ , Wylie : gtsod , pronounced ( tsǿ ) ; Chinese : 藏羚羊 ; pinyin : zàng língyáng ) is a medium - sized bovid native to the Tibetan plateau .
Pelargonium zonate spot virus ( PZSV ) is a plant pathogenic virus , classified in the bromoviridae family , genus Anulavirus
Actephila is a genus of the family Phyllanthaceae , first described as a genus in 1826 .
The Prioninae are a subfamily of Cerambycidae ( long - horned beetles ) .
Xianguangia is a soft - bodied actinia - like fossil animal from the Chengjiang Biota of China .
Uromyrtus is a genus of plants in the myrtle family Myrtaceae described as a genus in 1941 .
Perisesarma is a genus of mangrove crabs in the family Sesarmidae ( or Grapsidae in some classifications ) predominantly found in the Indo - Pacific .
The Quissange forest tree frog , Leptopelis marginatus , is a species of frog in the Arthroleptidae family endemic to Angola .
Chrysanthia is a genus of beetles belonging to the family Oedemeridae subfamily Nacerdinae .
Naseus is an extinct genus of surgeonfishes belonging to the family Acanthuridae .
Aldabrica fryeri is a species of beetle in the family Buprestidae , the only species in the genus Aldabrica .
Mealworms are the larval form of the mealworm beetle , Tenebrio molitor , a species of darkling beetle .
The Sardinian dhole ( Cynotherium sardous ) , also known as the Sardinian fox , was an endemic insular canid , that occurred on the Mediterranean islands of Sardinia ( which currently belongs to Italy ) and Corsica ( which currently belongs to France ) .
The California towhee ( Melozone crissalis ) is a bird of the family Emberizidae , native to the coastal regions of western Oregon and California in the United States and Baja California Sur in Mexico .
Sun squirrels ( genus Heliosciurus ) , form a taxon of squirrels under the subfamily Xerinae and the tribe Protoxerini .
The Santa Marta mountain tanager ( Anisognathus melanogenys ) , also known as the black - cheeked mountain tanager , is a species of bird in the family Thraupidae .
Major 's tufted - tailed rat ( Eliurus majori ) is a species of rodent in the family Nesomyidae .
Austrophanes robustum is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , the only species in the genus Austrophanes .
Podocarpus ( /ˌpoʊdəˈkɑrpəs/ ; from the Greek , podos , meaning `` foot '' , and karpos , meaning `` fruit '' ) is a genus of conifers , the most numerous and widely distributed of the podocarp family , Podocarpaceae .
The Fulvus roundleaf bat ( Hipposideros fulvus ) is a species of bat in the family Hipposideridae .
Fuller 's caecilian ( also Kuttal caecilian ) , Chikila fulleri , is a species of caecilian endemic to India ; the type specimen was collected six miles southwest of Silchar in Cachar , Assam , at an altitude of about 100 m above sea level .
Bundibugyo virus ( abbreviated BDBV ) was first described in 2008 as a single member of a suggested new species Bundibugyo ebolavirus , which was suggested to be included into the genus Ebolavirus , family Filoviridae , order Mononegavirales .
Monjurosuchus has been placed in the family Monjurosuchidae along with Philydrosaurus , but the relationships of early choristoderes remains unclear .
The Pinacocerataceae are generally smooth , compressed , evolute to involute ammonoids from the Triassic , belonging to the Ceratitida , in which the suture is ammonitic , with adventitious and auxiliary elements .
Melissa 's yellow - eared bat ( Vampyressa melissa ) is a species of bat in the family Phyllostomidae .
Sometimes considered the only genus of the family Mirocarididae , Mirocaris is usually placed in the family Alvinocarididae .
The Burmese roofed turtle ( Batagur trivittata ) is one of six species of turtle in the genus Batagur of the Geoemydidae family .
The Ciscaucasian hamster ( Mesocricetus raddei ) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae .
The Egyptian pipistrelle ( Pipistrellus deserti ) is a species of vesper bat .
Caxamarca is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family , Asteraceae .
The genus Microzada is a genus of moths of the subfamily Chloephorinae and the family Nolidae .
Phryneta is a genus of flat - faced longhorn beetles belonging to the family Cerambycidae .
Paradentobunus aureomaculatus is a species of harvestmen in a monotypic genus in the family Sclerosomatidae .
Bernaya is a genus of sea snails or cowries , marine gastropod mollusks in the family Cypraeidae , the cowries .
Hemicrambe is a genus of flowering plants in the family Brassicaceae , comprising two species :
The Boarmiini ( also often called Cleorini ) are a large tribe of geometer moths in the Ennominae subfamily .
The Iriomote cat ( Prionailurus bengalensis iriomotensis ) is a subspecies of the leopard cat living exclusively on the Japanese island of Iriomote .
The Tibetan bunting ( Emberiza koslowi ) is a species of bird in the Emberizidae family .
Latridopsis ciliaris , the Blue moki , is a species of trumpeter native to the southwestern Pacific Ocean around New Zealand and occasionally off southeastern Australia at depths of 10 metres ( 33 ft ) and greater .
Zhenyuanlong has been placed in the family Dromaeosauridae .
Mokola virus ( MOKV ) is a member of the Lyssavirus genus , which belongs to the family Rhabdoviridae .
The Palenque poison frog ( Ameerega erythromos ; formerly Epipedobates erythromos ) is a species of frog in the Dendrobatidae family endemic to Ecuador .
Deroplatyini is a tribe of the subfamily Deroplatyinae of the family Mantidae of Mantodea .
Phylloboletellus is a genus of bolete fungi in the Boletaceae family .
Paurodontidae is a family of Late Jurassic to Early Cretaceous mammals in the order Dryolestida .
The Nhandiroboideae are a paraphyletic basal group of genera in the Cucurbitaceae , or gourd family , of flowering plants .
The Hume 's short - toed lark or Hume 's lark ( Calandrella acutirostris ) is a species of lark in the Alaudidae family .
The Kai stingaree ( Urolophus kaianus ) is a species of stingray in the family Urolophidae , known only from two juveniles collected from 236 m ( 774 ft ) deep in the Kai Islands of eastern Indonesia .
The Italian agile frog ( Rana latastei ) also known as the Lataste 's frog , is a true frog endemic to the plains of northern Italy , the extreme southern tip of Switzerland , the Istrian region of Slovenia , and adjacent Croatia .
Menoceras ( `` Crescent Horns '' ) is a genus of extinct , small rhinoceros endemic to most of southern North America and ranged as far south as Panama during the early Miocene epoch .
Raymondaspis is a genus of trilobites in the family Styginidae .
Riograndia is currently classified as a basal genus in the family Tritheledontidae .
Poecilia is a genus of fishes in the family Poeciliidae of the order Cyprinodontiformes .
The Lagos serotine ( Eptesicus platyops ) is a species of vesper bat .
Astropecten is a genus of sea stars of the family Astropectinidae .
The Cozumelan golden bat ( Mimon cozumelae ) is a bat species from Central and northern South America .
Rhodothyrsus is a plant genus of the family Euphorbiaceae , first described as a genus in 1999 .
Richeria is a genus of flowering plant belonging to the family Phyllanthaceae first described as a genus in 1797 .
The Stenochilidae are a spider family with twelve described species in two genera .
Acrymia is a genus of plants in the Lamiaceae , first described in 1908 .
Corypha ( Gebang Palm , Buri Palm and Talipot Palm ) is a genus of palms ( family Arecaceae ) , native to India , Malaysia , Indonesia , the Philippines , New Guinea , northeastern Australia ( Cape York Peninsula , Queensland ) .
Senegalia schlechteri ( as Acacia schlechteri ) .
The Choctaw bean , scientific name Villosa choctawensis , is a species of freshwater mussel , an aquatic bivalve mollusc in the family Unionidae .
Empedaula is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae , similar to Aristotelia .
Phygelius , common names Cape fuchsia or Cape figwort , is a genus of flowering plants in the Scrophulariaceae family , native to wet slopes and banks in southern Africa .
Ralfsiaceae is a family of brown algae in the order Ralfsiales .
Daucus is a worldwide genus of herbaceous plants of the family Apiaceae of which the best - known species is the cultivated carrot .
The Campo Grande tree frog , Hypsiboas cymbalum , is a species of frog in the Hylidae family endemic to Brazil .
Salmonidae is a family of ray - finned fish , the only living family currently placed in the order Salmoniformes .
Siraitia is a genus of plants from the Cucurbitaceae family .
Limestone Canyon virus ( LSC ) is a single - stranded , negative - sense RNA zoonotic Hantavirus that is genetically similar to Sin Nombre virus which causes Hantavirus pulmonary syndrome ( HPS ) in humans .
The Banda myzomela ( Myzomela boiei ) is a species of bird in the Meliphagidae family .
The New Guinea long - eared bat ( Nyctophilus microtis ) is a species of vesper bat .
Gourlayia regia is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Gourlayia .
The New Zealand piper ( Hyporhamphus ihi ) is a halfbeak found all around New Zealand in shallow inshore waters .
Orbeopsis is a genus of plants in the Apocynaceae , first described as a genus in 1978 .
Cowan 's shrew tenrec ( Microgale cowani ) is a species of mammal in the family Tenrecidae .
The Italian edible frog ( Pelophylax kl . hispanicus ) is a hybridogenic species in the true frog family Ranidae .
Ptychopyxis is a genus of plant of the family Euphorbiaceae first described in 1861 .
Ptilodontidae is a family of primitive mammals within the extinct order Multituberculata .
Celtis occidentalis , commonly known as the common hackberry , is a large deciduous tree native to North America .
Stylulus nasutus is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Stylulus .
The Saipan reed warbler ( Acrocephalus hiwae ) is a critically endangered songbird of the Mariana Islands .
The Arnhem leaf - nosed bat ( Hipposideros inornatus ) is a species of bat in the family Hipposideridae .
The Western limestone ctenotus ( Ctenotus australis ) is a species of skink native to coastal areas of south west Western Australia .
The Central American river turtle ( Dermatemys mawii ) also known locally as the `` hickatee '' or tortuga blanca ( white turtle ) is the only living species in the family Dermatemydidae .
Acanthoxyla is included in the family Phasmatidae .
Heteropteryx dilatata , also known as jungle nymph , Malaysian stick insect , Malayan jungle nymph , or Malayan wood nymph , is a large member of the Phasmatodea , commonly kept in captivity .
Valcouroceras is the type genus for the Valcouroceratidae , a family in the nautiloid order Oncocerida named by Rousseau Flower , 1943 , named for Valcour Island in Lake Champlain , between New York state and Vermont , where it was first discovered .
Sundevall 's roundleaf bat ( Hipposideros caffer ) , also called Sundevall 's leaf - nosed bat , is a species of bat in the family Hipposideridae .
Cladistic analyses showed that Emausaurus was a basal member of the Thyreophora , more derived than Scutellosaurus , but less than Scelidosaurus .
Lepidopetalum is a genus of six species of trees known to science , constituting part of the plant family Sapindaceae .
Euomphaloceras is an early Upper Cretaceous ammonite genus , ( Cephalopoda , Ammonoidea ) , included in the Acanthoceratinae until established as the type genus for the Euomphaloceratinae by Cooper , 1978 .
The Yunnan nuthatch ( Sitta yunnanensis ) is a species of nuthatch endemic to South - Western China .
It is the only species of genus Coulterella and of subtribe Coulterellinae .
The Brazilian blind electric ray , Benthobatis kreffti , is a species of fish in the Narcinidae family endemic to Brazil .
Martelella is a genus of Gram - negative , oxidase- and catalase - positive , strictly aerobic , non - spore - forming bacteria from the family of Aurantimonadaceae .
Bonnerichthys is a genus of fossil fishes within the family Pachycormidae that lived during the Late Cretaceous Period Fossil remains of this taxon are known from the Smoky Hill Member of the Niobrara Chalk Formation of Kansas ( Late Coniacian - Early Campanian , about 87 - 81 million years ago ) .
Zerdana is an Iranian endemic and monotypic genus in family Brassicaceae with the single species of Zerdana anchonioides Boiss .
Benueites is an extinct ammonoid cephalopod genus from the Upper Cretaceous named by Revment , 1954 , included in the family Collignoniceratidae , superfamily Acanthocerataceae .
The Sicilian wall lizard ( Podarcis waglerianus ) is a species of lizard in the family Lacertidae .
Based on his observations and comparison with the notes of Lewis and Clark , Merriam assessed that the Columbian ground squirrel was not a variant of the Arctic ground squirrel , but a separate species , which he named as Spermophilus columbianus , rejecting the genus designation Arctomys and reapplying the species designation originally applied by Ord in 1815 .
The Aru flying fox ( Pteropus aruensis ) is a Critically Endangered species of megabat found in the Aru Islands in Indonesia .
Mecaspis is a genus of cylindrical weevils belonging to the family Curculionidae .
The Freshwater blenny , ( Salaria fluviatilis ) , is a species of fish in the Blenniidae family .
The Japanese lates ( Lates japonicus ) , also known as the akame ( from the Japanese 赤目 , アカメ , literally `` red eye '' ) or Japanese barramundi , is a rare and shy fish endemic to Japan .
The Zhang 's horned toad or Zhang 's spadefoot toad ( Xenophrys zhangi ) is a species of amphibian in the Megophryidae family .
Niobe 's shrew ( Crocidura niobe ) is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae .
The Antioquia bristle tyrant ( Phylloscartes lanyoni ) is a species of bird in the Tyrannidae family .
Amnicolidae is a family of small freshwater snails with a gill and an operculum , aquatic gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Rissooidea .
Galearia is a genus of plant of the family Pandaceae .
The Enggano hill myna or Enggano myna ( Gracula enganensis ) is a member of the starling family .
Xiphopteris is a defunct genus of ferns in the family Polypodiaceae .
Holcorpidae is a small family of extinct insects in the scorpionfly order Mecoptera , which contains a single genus , Holcorpa .
Diplolaemus darwinii , commonly known as Darwin 's iguana , is a species of lizard native to the southern tip of South America .
Markuelia is a genus of fossil worm - like bilaterian animals allied to Ecdysozoa and known from strata of Lower Cambrian to Lower Ordovician age containing five species .
Agrostemma is a genus of annual plants in the Caryophyllaceae family , containing the species known as corncockles .
The Cape golden mole ( Chrysochloris asiatica ) is a small , insectivorous mammal of the family Chrysochloridae , the golden moles .
Aktjubocheilus is an oncocerid Nautiloidea genus from the Upper Devonian ( M Famenian ) included in the Acleistoceratidae , a family characterized by depressed , or rarely compressed , exogastric brevicones and cyrtocones .
Herpetocetus is a genus of cetotheriid mysticete in the subfamily Herpetocetinae .
The Cameroon olive pigeon ( Columba sjostedti ) is a species of bird in the family Columbidae .
Plusiinae is a smallish ( for noctuid standards ) subfamily of the moth family Noctuidae .
Ipomopsis is a genus of flowering plants in the phlox family , Polemoniaceae .
The Hookeriaceae are a family of mainly tropical mosses of the order Hookeriales .
Mammea is a flowering plant genus with about 50 species in the family Calophyllaceae .
Major 's long - tailed tenrec ( Microgale majori ) is a species of mammal in the family Tenrecidae .
Endospermum is a genus of plants , under the family Euphorbiaceae and the monotypic subtribe Endosperminae first described as a genus in 1861 It is native to E + S + SE Asia , Papuasia , Queensland , and certain islands of the W Pacific .
Formiscurra is a genus of planthopper in the family Caliscelidae with a single species Formiscurra indicus found in southern India .
Zygnematophyceae is a class of green algae in the division Charophyta .
Argema is a genus of moths from the Saturniidae family , commonly known as moon moths .
Odontostomus is a genus of air - breathing land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Odontostomidae .
Pedicularia is a genus of small predatory or ectoparasitic sea snails , cowry - like marine gastropod molluscs in the family Pediculariidae , the cowry allies .
The Celeuthetini are a weevil tribe in the subfamily Entiminae .
Akiyoshia is a genus of freshwater snails with a gill and an operculum , aquatic gastropod mollusks in the family Amnicolidae .
Neslia is a plant genus in the mustard family ( Brassicaceae ) .
The Northern Palawan tree squirrel ( Sundasciurus juvencus ) is a species of rodent in the family Sciuridae .
The Scottish red deer ( Cervus elaphus scoticus ) is a subspecies of red deer , which is native to the British Isles .
Arsinoitheriidae is a family of extinct hoofed mammals belonging to the extinct order Embrithopoda .
Froggattella is a genus of ants in the subfamily Dolichoderinae .
Lobodontidius congoanus is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Lobodontidius .
The Simon 's desert racer ( Mesalina simoni ) is a species of lizard in the Lacertidae family .
Oedistoma is a genus of longbill in the bird family Melanocharitidae ( berrypeckers and longbills ) .
The Telford 's shrew ( Crocidura telfordi ) is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae .
The Tuxtla quail - dove ( Zentrygon carrikeri ) or Veracruz quail - dove is a species of bird in the family Columbidae .
Deuteromallotus is a Malagasy genus of the spurge family Euphorbiaceae .
True 's shrew mole ( Dymecodon pilirostris ) is a species of mammal in the family Talpidae .
Transandinomys is a genus of rodents in the tribe Oryzomyini of family Cricetidae .
Speirops are a group of birds in the white - eye family Zosteropidae .
Eupholidoptera is a genus of ' katydid crickets ' belonging to the family Tettigoniidae subfamily Tettigoniinae .
The Nazas shiner ( Notropis nazas ) is a species of cyprinid fish .
Procambarus is a genus of crayfish in the family Cambaridae , all native to North and Central America .
Doryphora is a genus of plant in the family Atherospermataceae , or formerly Monimiaceae .
Glenea is a genus of longhorn beetles belonging to the family Cerambycidae , subfamily Lamiinae .
Gortonia linsleyi is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , the only species in the genus Gortonia .
Lepomis is a genus of freshwater fish in the sunfish family , Centrarchidae , in the order Perciformes .
Nemoptera is a Palearctic genus of insects of the family Nemopteridae or spoonwings .
The Papuan harrier ( Circus spilothorax ) is a bird of prey native to New Guinea which belongs to the harrier genus Circus .
The Oriente warbler ( Teretistris fornsi ) is a species of bird formerly placed in the New World warbler family , Parulidae , that is endemic to Cuba .
The Pulsating xenid ( Heteroxenia fuscescens ) is a species of soft coral of the family Xeniidae
The Castelnau 's antshrike ( Thamnophilus cryptoleucus ) is a species of bird in the family Thamnophilidae .
Phasiinae is a subfamily of flies in the family Tachinidae .
The Vogelkop ringtail possum ( Pseudochirulus schlegeli ) is a species of marsupial in the family Pseudocheiridae .
Sticholotidinae is a beetle subfamily in the family Coccinellidae ( ladybirds ) .
Bothriomyrmecini is a tribe of Dolichoderinae ants with 5 genera .
The southern pike ( Esox cisalpinus ) is a freshwater fish restricted to freshwater habitats in central and northern Italy ( Southern Europe ) .
Crossley 's vanga ( Mystacornis crossleyi ) , also known as Crossley 's babbler - vanga , Crossley 's babbler , or Madagascar groundjumper , is a bird species in the family Vangidae .
The California moray ( Gymnothorax mordax ) is a moray eel of the family Muraenidae , found in the eastern Pacific at depths to 40 m. Its length is up to 152 cm . They live up to 30 years and have no pelvic or pectoral fins , or gill covers .
The Spotted drum or spotted ribbonfish ( Equetus punctatus ) , is a species of marine fish in the family Sciaenidae .
Duntroonornis parvus , also referred to as the Duntroon penguin , is a genus and species of extinct penguin from the Late Oligocene of New Zealand .
Crinodendron is a botanic genus with 8 species of flowering plants belonging to the family Elaeocarpaceae .
The Natal hinge - back tortoise ( Kinixys natalensis ) is a species of turtle in the Testudinidae family .
The Carolina anole ( Anolis carolinensis ) is an arboreal lizard found primarily in the southeastern United States and some Caribbean islands .
Actinote is a genus of butterflies from South America of the subfamily Heliconiinae in the family Nymphalidae .
The Yemen linnet was formerly placed in the genus Carduelis but was moved to the genus Linaria based on a phylogenetic analysis of mitochondrial and nuclear DNA sequences .
The West African seahorse ( Hippocampus algiricus ) is a species of fish in the Syngnathidae family ( Seahorses and pipefish ) .
Celtencrinurus is a trilobite in the order Phacopida that existed during the upper Ordovician in what is now Northern Ireland .
Tarebia is a genus of freshwater snails , gastropod mollusks in the family Thiaridae .
Phycopterus is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family found in Chile , first described by Émile Blanchard in Gay , 1852 .
Orcuttia is a genus of grass in the family Poaceae .
Opostegidae or `` white eyecap moths '' is a family of insects in the Lepidoptera order that is characterised by particularly large eyecaps over the compound eyes ( see also Nepticulidae , Bucculatricidae , Lyonetiidae ) .
The Dayak roundleaf bat ( Hipposideros dyacorum ) is a species of bat in the family Hipposideridae .
The Textulariida are an order of Foraminifera that produce agglutinated shells or tests .
The Baltic hawker ( Aeshna serrata ) is a species of hawker dragonfly native to eastern Europe and western Asia .
The Ethiopian swallow ( Hirundo aethiopica ) is a species of bird in the family Hirundinidae .
Baptisia ( wild indigo , false indigo ) is a genus in the legume family , Fabaceae .
Microsoroideae is a subfamily in the Polypodiaceae family of ferns .
The Vella Lavella white - eye , belted white - eye or banded white - eye ( Zosterops vellalavella ) is a species of bird in the Zosteropidae family .
The Sonoran collared lizard , Crotaphytus nebrius , is a collared lizard found in Arizona and Mexico .
Semiannuloceras is an extinct genus of actively mobile carnivorous cephalopod of the family Baltoceratidae that lived in what would be Europe during the Ordovician from 490 - -460 mya , existing for approximately 6 million years .
Doubleday 's hummingbird ( Cynanthus doubledayi ) is a species of hummingbird in the Trochilidae family also known as the turquoise - crowned hummingbird .
Alpigenobombus is a subgenus of the genus Bombus .
Uapaceae is a tribe of the family Phyllanthaceae , native to Africa and Madagascar .
The East Siberian cod ( Arctogadus borisovi ) also known as the toothed cod , is an Arctic fish closely similar to the Arctic cod Arctogadus glacialis and also related to true cods ( genus Gadus ) .
Ankyloceras is an Early Devonian cephalopod genus included in the oncocerid family Karoceratidae .
Earlier , representatives of the genus were assigned to the family Azotobacteraceae Pribram , 1933 , but then were transferred to the family Pseudomonadaceae based on the studies of nucleotide sequences 16S rRNA .
Chtenopteryx is a genus of small , muscular , midwater squid in the monotypic family Chtenopterygidae .
The American carrion beetle ( Necrophila americana , formerly Silpha americana ) is a North American beetle of the family Silphidae .
The Oregon giant earthworm ( Driloleirus macelfreshi ) is a species of invertebrate in the Megascolecidae family .
†Anastomopsidae is an extinct family of fossil gastropods in the superfamily Punctoidea .
Mentzelia is a genus of about 60 - 70 species of flowering plants in the family Loasaceae , native to the Americas .
Trachyandra is a genus of plant in the family Xanthorrhoeaceae , subfamily Asphodeloideae , first described as a genus in 1843 .
The Audouin 's gull ( Ichthyaetus audouinii ) is a large gull restricted to the Mediterranean and the western coast of Saharan Africa .
Callionymus limiceps , the Rough - headed dragonet , is a species of dragonet native to the waters off of northern Australia .
The Carrizal seedeater ( Amaurospiza carrizalensis ) is a recently discovered species of seedeater .
Cerithidea is a genus of medium - sized sea snails or mud snails , marine gastropod mollusks in the family Potamididae , the horn snails .
Molorchini is a tribe of beetles in the subfamily Cerambycinae , containing the single genus Molorchus and the following species :
Macaca anderssoni is a prehistoric species of macaque from the Pleistocene of Japan .
Vanilloideae is one of the subfamilies of orchids belonging to the large family Orchidaceae .
Schumannianthus is a group of plants in the Marantaceae described as a genus in 1904 .
Tryblidiidae is an extinct family of paleozoic monoplacophorans in the superfamily Tryblidioidea .
The Filobasidiales are an order in the fungal class Tremellomycetes .
The Chatham kaka or Chatham Island kākā ( Nestor chathamensis ) is an extinct parrot species previously found on the Chatham Islands , New Zealand .
The Mexican spotted wood turtle ( Rhinoclemmys rubida ) or Mexican spotted terrapin is a species of turtle in the family Geoemydidae .
Rhytidophyllum is a genus of plant in family Gesneriaceae , native to the Caribbean islands and northern South America .
The Senegal eremomela ( Eremomela pusilla ) is a member of the Cisticolidae .
Loxonematoidea is an extinct taxonomic superfamily of sea snails , marine gastropod molluscs , belonging to the Murchisoniinae .
Scott 's sportive lemur ( Lepilemur scottorum ) , or the Masoala sportive lemur , is a sportive lemur endemic to Madagascar .
Bylgia is an extinct genus of prawns in the family Penaeidae , containing 4 species .
Pratt 's roundleaf bat ( Hipposideros pratti ) is a species of bat in the family Hipposideridae .
The Sulu hornbill or Montano 's hornbill ( Anthracoceros montani ) is a species of hornbill in the Bucerotidae family .
The La Loma salamander ( Bolitoglossa colonnea ) is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae .
The Parras characodon ( Characodon garmani ) is a species of goodeid fish once endemic to Jalisco , Mexico .
Asteromyrtus is a genus of flowering plants in the myrtle family , Myrtaceae , described as a genus in 1843 .
The Tarapaca Pacific iguana ( Microlophus tarapacensis ) is a species of lizard in the Iguanidae family .
Aricoceras is an extinct genus of the Adrianitidae family .
Hadrurus is a genus of scorpions which belongs to the Caraboctonidae family .
The Campina jay ( Cyanocorax hafferi ) is a passerine from the genus Cyanocorax , a group of jays which occur in the Neotropics .
Nimbadon is an extinct genus of Diprotodontia that lived in the Miocene epoch .
Parametriocnemus is a genus of non - biting midges , distributed world - wide ( except Antarctica ) , in the subfamily Orthocladiinae of the family ( Chironomidae ) .
Rosefin rasbora ( Rasbora dusonensis ) is a species of ray - finned fish in the genus Rasbora from the Southeast Asia .
Cyclophiops is a genus of colubrid snakes ( subfamily Colubrinae ) commonly called green snakes .
The Roll 's partridge ( Arborophila rolli ) is a species of bird in the Phasianidae family .
Piezocerini is a tribe of beetles in the subfamily Cerambycinae , containing the following genera :
Xanthomyrtus is a group of shrubs and trees in the botanical family Myrtaceae described as a genus in 1922 .
Václav Pantůček ( 24 November 1934 in Mikulov , Czechoslovakia -- 21 July 1994 in Brno , Czech Republic ) was a Czech ice hockey player who competed in the 1956 Winter Olympics and in the 1960 Winter Olympics .
Ursula Pollack ( born October 27 , 1919 ) is a German freestyle swimmer who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics .
That Gibson Boy is an album by country music singer Don Gibson , released in 1959 .
`` Lord Give Me a Sign '' is a song by American hip hop recording artist DMX , released as the second single from his sixth studio album Year of the Dog ...
Kegham Kavafyan ( Գեղամ Գաւաֆեան , born 1888 Istanbul , Ottoman Turkey -- November 30 , 1959 Switzerland ) was an Ottoman Armenian architect .
Dariusz Szubert ( born October 31 , 1970 in Białogard ) is a Polish football coach and former football player .
Arjun Sarja was born on 15 August 1964 , to a Kannada family in Madhugiri , in the erstwhile Mysore State .
Marvin Pourié ( born 8 January 1991 in Werne ) is a German footballer who plays as a striker for FC Ufa on loan from Danish Superliga side F.C. Copenhagen .
Georg Wildführ was born in Linden , then a village near the edge of the city , but following large scale urbanisation and local government boundary reforms in 1920 a city - district in Hanover .
Ronnie Schwartz Nielsen ( born 29 August 1989 in Ulsted ) is a Danish professional footballer who plays as a striker for Esbjerg , on loan from Guingamp .
Lavinia Fontana was born in Bologna , the daughter of the painter Prospero Fontana , who was a prominent painter of the School of Bologna at the time and served as her teacher .
Rachel Lee ( Chinese : 李麗珍 , earlier known as Loletta Lee ) is a Hong Kong actress born on 8 January 1966 .
Piero Gilardi ( born in Turin in 1942 ) is an visual artist .
Patrick Lemarié is a French auto racing driver born February 6 , 1968 in Paris .
Paolo Belli ( born 21 March 1962 in Formigine ) is an Italian singer and television presenter .
Alexander Arekeev ( Russian : Александр Викторович Арекеев ; born 10 April 1982 in Izhevsk ) is a Russian professional road bicycle racer .
Süleyman Hilmi Tunahan , ( 1888 -- September 16 , 1959 ) , was a 20th - century Islamic scholar born in the small Ottoman village of Ferhatlar , also known as Varatlar and today Delchevo in the Razgrad Province , Bulgaria .
Brian Pattie ( born April 9 , 1975 , Zephyrhills , Florida ) is an American auto - racing crew chief and the current crew chief for David Ragan .
Edward Charles Edmond Hemsted ( born Anacapri , Isola de Capri , 1898 ) , better known by the pen name Edward Charles , was an English author , educator , social advocate and sexologist .
Niccolò Fieschi ( c. 1456 -- 1524 ) was an Italian Cardinal , of a prominent family of Genoa which features in Verdi 's Simon Boccanegra .
Kévin Mayer ( born 10 February 1992 in Argenteuil ) is a French decathlete .
Fred Copeman was born in the Wangford Union Workhouse near Beccles in East Suffolk , England , in 1907 .
Karolina of Legnica - Brieg ( 2 December 1652 -- 24 December 1707 ) was the eldest daughter of Christian , Duke of Legnica - Brzeg - Wołów - Oława , and his wife , Louise of Anhalt - Dessau .
Thomas Hopko was born in Endicott , New York of Rusyn descent .
Alena Arshinova ( Cyrillic : Алёна Аршинова ; born 3 March 1985 in Dresden , East Germany ) is a Russian politician , model and sociologist .
Jougle Manoel Rodrigues or simply Jougle ( born January 20 , 1988 in Rio de Janeiro ) , is a Brazilian attacking midfield footballer .
Theodor Schwenk ( 1910 , Schwäbisch Gmünd - 1986 ) was an anthroposophist , an engineer and a pioneering water researcher .
Thomas Shields Clarke ( April 25 , 1860 -- November 15 , 1920 ) , American artist , was born in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania to Louis Semple Clarke and Mary Ormsby Phillips Clarke .
Susanna Parigi , born in Florence , is an Italian singer , songwriter , pianist and author .
Eddie Doherty was born in Chicago in 1890 , the oldest of ten children in an Irish Catholic family born to Police Lieutenant Edward Doherty and his wife Ellen Rodgers .
Ingo Voge ( born 14 February 1958 in Falkensee , GDR ) is an East German bobsledder who competed during the 1980s .
Giuliana Sgrena was born and raised in Masera , Province of Verbano - Cusio - Ossola , a town of fewer than 1000 people that had seen intense fighting during World War II between Italian partisans and German soldiers .
Artem Vakhitov was born in Prokopyevsk on April 4 , 1991 and began basic martial arts training under his father 's tutelage at the age of five years before going on to study karate at the age of six , which he practiced for five years .
F. Luis Mora was born in Montevideo , Uruguay , to Domingo Mora , a noted sculptor from Catalonia , and Laura Gaillard , a cultured French woman originally from the Bordeaux region of France .
Ilona Mitrecey ( born 1 September 1993 in Fontenay - aux - Roses , Hauts - de - Seine ) , more commonly known as Ilona , is a French singer .
Jonathan Strahan ( born 1964 in Belfast , Northern Ireland ) is an editor and publisher of science fiction .
Jorge Cañete is a Swiss interior designer , born in Geneva and of Catalan and Andalusian origin .
Pablo Fernando Hernández Roetti ( born 5 May 1975 in Montevideo ) is a retired Uruguayan association footballer .
Graham Gibson ( born 19 July 1980 in Kirkcaldy , Fife ) is a Scottish footballer currently playing for Scottish Second Division side Forfar Athletic .
Dušan Velkaverh was born on 12 September 1943 in Georgetown , British Guiana ( now Guyana ) to a Slovene sailor and to an English nurse .
Omar Pene ( born 1956 in Dakar ) is the emblematic lead singer of the Super Diamono .
George Henri Anne - Marie Victor de Villebois - Mareuil was born approximately 30 km South East of Nantes .
Mohini Bhardwaj was born on September 29 , 1978 , in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania to parents Indu and Kaushal .
Eliton Deola commonly known as Deola ( born April 19 , 1983 in Céu Azul ) , is a Brazilian footballer of Greek descent who plays as a Goalkeeper .
T. R. Omana was born as eldest among 5 children to T R Gopala Pillai , Timber merchant and P K Meenakshiamma , a housewife in Alappuzha .
Paul Touvier was born in Saint - Vincent - sur - Jabron , Alpes de Haute - Provence , in southeastern France .
Bruce Fordyce ( born 3 December 1955 in Hong Kong ) is a South African marathon and ultramarathon athlete .
George Layton ( born George Lowy on 2 March 1943 in Bradford , West Riding of Yorkshire of Czechoslovakian and Jewish ancestry ) is an English actor , director , screenwriter and author .
Ben Kuhl was from Michigan .
Born in St. Louis , Missouri , to Jessie ( née Crane ) and Walker , Walker Evans came from an affluent family .
Geraldo Magela Delamore Moreira known as Geraldo Delamore ( born 5 April 1963 in Mariana , Minas Gerais ) is a Brazilian professional football manager .
Nagar Lai was born in Mainland China in 1959 , and later moved to live in Hong Kong .
Pierre Dubuc ( born Jean - Pierre Dubuc May 25 , 1947 in Montreal , Quebec ) is the director and editor of L'aut'journal , a progressive monthly paper .
Marie Maugeret came from Le Mans , Sarthe .
Elisabetta Piqué ( born , Florence ) is an Italian - born Argentine journalist , Vatican correspondent for the La Nación newspaper .
Ma Jung - kil ( Hangul : 마정길 ; hanja : 馬正吉 ; born March 13 , 1979 in Cheongju , Chungcheongbuk - do ) is a South Korean sidearm relief pitcher who plays for the Nexen Heroes in the Korea Baseball Organization .
Ratu Tevita Kuridrani was born in Suva , Fiji to Inosi and Litiana Kuridrani , and grew up in the small Fijian village of Namatakula .
Verner Thomé was born in Grand Duchy of Finland on 4 July 1878 , in Alajärvi , the son of Johan Thome ( a forestry officer ) and Agnes Thome ( née Wallin ) .
Mimi Parent ( September 8 , 1924 -- June 14 , 2005 ) , born Marie Parent in Montreal , was a Canadian surrealist artist .
Max Pam , ( born Melbourne , 1949 ) is an Australian photographer .
Fanny Hünerwadel ( 26 January 1826 -- 27 April 1854 ) was a Swiss pianist , singer and composer born in Lenzburg .
Born in Phoenix , Arizona , Buddy Rice is the son of a former drag racer .
Born in Zell i m Wiesental , Aloysia Weber was one of the four daughters of the musical Weber family .
Born in Sanary - sur - Mer , Ernest Blanc studied at the Music Conservatory of Toulon with Sabran , from 1946 to 1949 .
Miha Mazzini ( born 3 June 1961 in Jesenice , Yugoslavia ) is a Slovenian writer , screenwriter and film director with twenty - eight published books , translated in nine languages .
Charles Thomas Stannage , better known as Tom Stannage , was born in Subiaco , Western Australia in March 1944 .
Peter Halley ( born September 24 , 1953 ) , is an abstract artist from New York City .
Lionel Djebi - Zadi ( born 20 May 1982 in Lyon ) is a French footballer currently a free agent having most recently played for Saint Louisienne in La Reunion .
Felipe Folgosi ( born Luis Felipe de Andrade Folgosi on May 18 , 1974 in São Paulo ) is a Brazilian actor , best known for his roles in telenovelas .
Her birthplace in West Tuscumbia , Alabama , is now a museum and sponsors an annual `` Helen Keller Day '' .
Lawrence Legend ( born Lawrence Ryan , 28 March 1971 in Junee , New South Wales ) is an Australian stunt motorcyclist .
Valentin Avrorin ( 1907 , Tambov - 1977 ) was a Corresponding Member of the Academy of Sciences of the USSR and an expert in languages .
Simona Krupeckaitė ( born 13 December 1982 in Utena ) is a Lithuanian professional track cyclist .
Costas Montis was born on 18 February 1914 in Famagusta , the sixth and last child of Theodoulos Montis from Lapithos , and Kalomoira Batista , who was descended from an old Venetian family of Famagusta .
Jean - Pierre Filiu ( Paris , 1961 ) is professor of Middle East studies at Sciences Po , Paris School of International Affairs .
Dien Del was born to an ethnic Khmer Krom family in 1932 at Sóc Trăng .
Robert Middlemass ( 3 September 1883 , New Britain , Connecticut -- 10 September 1949 , Los Angeles , California ) was an American playwright and stage actor , and later character actor with over 100 film appearances .
Juan Cruz Kaprof ( born 12 March 1995 in Buenos Aires ) is an Argentine footballer who plays for River Plate as a striker .
Gianfranco Goberti ( born in Ferrara , November 19 , 1939 ) is an Italian painter .
Nikolay Florea ( Floria)(1912 , Odessa Ukraine- October 1941 , Vyazma , Russia)- was a Soviet astronomer of mixed Romanian and Russian origin .
The third of nine children , Thomas Paprocki was born in Chicago , Illinois ; he has six brothers and two sisters .
Aldo Andreani ( Mantua , 1887 - - Mantua , 1971 ) was an Italian architect and sculptor .
Robert Bloomfield was born of a poor family in the village of Honington , Suffolk .
Gustaw Herling - Grudziński was born in Kielce into a Jewish - Polish merchant family of Jakub ( Josek ) Herling - Grudziński and his wife Dorota ( née ) Bryczkowska .
Francis Scott Street ( October 20 , 1831 -- April 15 , 1883 ) , with partner Francis Shubael Smith were the owners of Street & Smith publishing company in New York City .
James S. Clarkson ( May 17 , 1842 -- May 30 , 1918 ) was born in Brookville , Indiana , but raised a native of Polk County , Iowa .
Nelly Thüring ( Vankiva 21 June 1875 - Enskede 2 January 1972 ) , was a Swedish politician ( Social Democrat ) .
Hendrik Rietschoof ( 1678 , Hoorn -- 1747 , Koog aan de Zaan ) , was a Dutch Golden Age painter .
Giovanni Francesco Fara , the son of a solicitor , was born into one of the most illustrious families in Sassari .
Adrian Alston ( born 6 February 1949 in Preston ) is an English - born Australian former professional football ( soccer ) player .
Diego Ramírez de Arellano was born in Xàtiva in Valencia around 1580 .
Josef Rebell was a German / Austrian painter ; born January 11 , 1787 , at Vienna .
Mehdi Dehbi ( born December 5 , 1985 , Liège ) is a Belgian actor , known for A Most Wanted Man(2014 ) , The Other Son ( 2012 ) and Mary Queen of Scots(2013 ) .
Josip Vilfan or Wilfan ( 30 August 1878 - 8 March 1955 ) was a Slovene lawyer , politician , and human rights activist from Trieste .
Dorota Nvotová ( born 27 October 1982 in Považská Bystrica , Czechoslovakia ) is a Slovak singer , actress and journalist of newspaper .
Rafael Caldera , was born in San Felipe , Yaracuy .
Ottmar Luscinius ( also called Othmar or Otmar Nachtgall ) was an Alsatian Catholic Humanist who wrote Biblical commentaries ; b. Strasbourg , 1487 , d. Freiburg , 1537 .
Alexandra Dementieva ( Александра Дементьева ) ( born 1960 , Moscow , USSR ) is an artist who has been creating works of electronic , video , interactive and installation art since 1992 .
William Chapman Ralston was born at Wellsville in Columbiana County in eastern Ohio , Mary Wilcoxen Chapman .
Netrnoi Sor Vorasingh ( born 1959 - 04 - 22 in Bua Yai District , Nakhon Ratchasima Province and died 1982 - 12 - 03 ) was a Thai world boxing champion .
Manuel Melitón Carvajal Ambulodegui ( March 10 , 1847 in Lima -- September 19 , 1935 in Lima ) , was a Peruvian naval commander and government official who was part of the crew of the ironclad Huáscar during the War of the Pacific .
Nickolas Muray ( born Miklós Mandl 15 February 1892 , Szeged -- 2 November 1965 , New York ) was a Hungarian - born American photographer and Olympic fencer .
Andreas Beikirch ( born 29 March 1970 in Hilden , North Rhine - Westphalia ) is a German professional racing cyclist .
Ajsel Kujović ( Cyrillic : Ајсел Кујовић ) ( born 1 March 1986 in Bijelo Polje , SR Montenegro , Yugoslavia ) is a Swedish footballer of Montenegrin and Bosniak descent , who currently plays as a forward for Varbergs BoIS .
Janusz Gajos ( Polish pronunciation : ( ˈjanuʂ ˈɡajɔs ) ; born 23 September 1939 in Dąbrowa Górnicza ) is a Polish actor .
Jean - Louis Nomicos obtained his CAP ( Certificat d'Aptitude Professionnelle ) in cooking and pastry in a professional training course at the hotel school of Marseille and the restaurant L'Oursinade with the chef René Alloin in Marseille .
Mary Willis Walker ( born May 24 , 1942 , Fox Point , Wisconsin ) is an American crime fiction author .
Andrej Mrkela ( Serbian Cyrillic : Андреј Мркела ; born on April 9 , 1992 in Enschede , Netherlands ) is a Serbian footballer , currently playing for Spartak Subotica .
Aleksandar Petrović also referred as Aleksandar R. Petrović ( Cyrillic : Aлeкcaндap Пeтpoвић , born February 1 , 1985 in Pirot ) is a Serbian footballer .
Mowry Baden ( born in 1936 in Los Angeles ) is an American sculptor who has lived and worked in Canada since 1975 .
Arthur Bliss Seymour ( January 3 , 1859 ; Moline , Illinois -- March 29 , 1933 ; Waverley , Massachusetts ) was an American botanist and mycologist who specialized in parasitic fungi .
Benjamin Fall ( born 3 March 1989 , in Langon , Gironde ) is a French rugby player who currently plays for Montpellier in the Top 14 club competition .
Ingrid Jacquemod ( born 23 September 1978 in Bourg Saint Maurice ) is a French alpine skier who grew up in Val - d'Isère .
Valerie Bettis was born on either 19 December or 20 December 1919 in Houston , Texas .
Staffan Hallerstam ( born 21 May 1957 in Stockholm ) is a Swedish actor and physician .
Arash Noamouz ( Persian : آرش نوآموز‎ , born 6 June 1967 in Tehran ) is a retired Iranian football Left Midfielder .
Ana Miranda is a Brazilian poet and novelist born in Fortaleza , Ceará in 1951 .
Muzz Skillings ( Queens , New York ) is an American bassist , singer , guitarist and songwriter .
Mrityunjay Kumar Singh , also known as MK Singh , was born in 1961 in Sonbarsa , Bihar .
Oded Golan ( Hebrew : עודד גולן‎ ) ( b. 1951 in Tel Aviv ) is an Israeli engineer and artifact collector , who was placed on trial for forgery of antiquities .
Jules - Alexandre Duval Le Camus , a French historical and scriptural painter , the son of Pierre Duval - le - Camus , was born in Paris in 1817 .
Café Filho , a lawyer , was born in Natal , Rio Grande do Norte , February 3 , 1899 .
Vasco Cordeiro was born in the civil parish of Covoada , deannexed from the neighboring parish of Relva , in the flanks of the Serra Devassa , 6 kilometres ( 3.7 mi ) northwest of Ponta Delgada .
Sthenelaidas ( Gr . Σθενελαίδας ) was a Spartan who held the office of ephor in 432 BC , and , in the congress of the Lacedaemonians and their allies at Sparta in that year , vehemently and successfully urged the assembly to declare war with Athens .
Chinnakannan Sivasankaran ( born 1956 , Chennai ) is the Chairman of Siva Group , Siva Industries & Holdings and Siva Ventures .
Faten Hamama was born in 1931 to a Muslim lower middle class family in Mansoura , Egypt ( according to her birth certificate ) , but she claimed to have been born in the Abdeen quarter of Cairo .
Wilhelm Daniel Joseph Koch ( 5 March 1771 - 14 November 1849 ) was a German physician and botanist from Kusel , a town in the Rhineland - Palatinate .
Emilia Schüle ( born November 28 , 1992 in Blagoveshchensk ) is a German actress of Russian birth .
Turner Ashby , Jr. was born at Rose Bank Plantation in Fauquier County , Virginia , to Turner Sr . and Dorothea Green Ashby .
Paul Monash was born in Harlem , New York , in 1917 , and grew up in The Bronx .
Raised in Davison , Michigan , Brent Metcalf is the son of Tom and Lynn Metcalf .
Hunter Ellis ( born July 5 , 1968 , in Alexandria , Virginia ) is an American television personality .
Leon Dash ( born March 16 , 1944 , in New Bedford , Massachusetts ) is a professor of journalism at the University of Illinois at Urbana - Champaign .
Charles W. Engelhard , Jr. ( February 15 , 1917 -- March 2 , 1971 ) was an American businessman who controlled an international mining and metals conglomerate , as well as a major owner in Thoroughbred horse racing , and a candidate in the 1955 New Jersey State Senate Elections .
Silvio Fauner ( born November 1 , 1968 in San Pietro di Cadore , Province of Belluno ) is an Italian former cross - country skier who competed from 1988 to 2006 .
Antonella Capriotti ( born 4 February 1962 in Rome ) is a retired Italian long jumper and triple jumper .
Hans Coppi ( 25 January 1916 , Berlin -- 22 December 1942 ) was a German Red Orchestra resistance fighter against the Third Reich .
Marie - Laure de Lorenzi ( born 21 January 1961 , in Biarritz ) is a French professional golfer .
Olapade Adeniken ( born 19 August 1969 in Osogbo ) is a retired Nigerian sprinter who specialized in the 100 and 200 metres , and is the father of Michael Adeniken .
Julius Bauschinger was born in Fürth , the son of the physicist Johann Bauschinger .
Baruch Leib Rosowsky ( 1841 -- 1919 ) was a famous cantor and composer in Riga , at the time a city in Imperial Russia .
Jacques Daléchamps ( 1513 , Caen -- 1588 ) was a French botanist and physician .
Born in Erechim , Rio Grande do Sul , Neuton joined Gremio 's youth setup in 2008 , after starting it out at Ypiranga de Erechim .
Osvaldo Nunez ( born 10 September 1938 in Curicó , Chile ) was a member of the Canadian House of Commons from 1993 to 1997 .
Grock was born in Loveresse , a village in the Bernese Jura in the Canton of Bern .
Charles Lebayle ( 28 May 1856 , Paris - February 1898 , Paris ) was a French painter and designer , who is mostly known for his collaborations with stained glass makers .
David Carruthers ( born September 1957 in Edinburgh , Scotland ) is a British businessman who was the CEO of online gambling company BETonSPORTS plc from July 2000 until July 2006 .
Luigi Batzella ( San Sperate , 27 May 1924 -- San Sperate , 18 November 2008 ) was an Italian film director , screenwriter and former actor who used numerous pseudonyms such as Paolo Solvay , Ivan Kathansky , A.M. Frank , Gigi Batzella , Paul Hamus , Dean Jones and Paul Selway .
Will Ray ( born 1950 , Richmond , Virginia ) is a long - time American session guitarist and current member of the Hellecasters .
Robert Dudley Baxter ( 3 February 1827 , Doncaster -- 1875 , Frognal ) was an English economist and statistician .
Hossein Abdi ( Persian : حسین عبدی‎‎ , born on March 21 , 1967 Tehran ) is an Iranian footballer and coach .
Vander Sacramento Vieira , or simply Vander ( born March 2 , 1988 in Rio de Janeiro ) , is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for Cypriot club APOEL FC as a winger .
Francesco Civalli ( Perugia , 1660- January 7 , 1703 in Rome ) was an Italian painter of the Baroque , active in Perugia .
Mayer Lehman was born in 1830 to a German Jewish family in the small Franconian town of Rimpar near Würzburg .
Jiří Pešek ( 4 June 1927 in Prague -- 20 May 2011 ) was a Czech football player and professional coach .
He was born in Jersey City , New Jersey to William Libbey , Jr. , a wealthy New York City merchant , and Elizabeth Marsh ( Libbey ) .
Darragh Ó Sé ( born 1 April 1975 in Ard an Bhóthair , Ventry , County Kerry ) is a former Irish Gaelic footballer .
Peter Rosei ( born in Vienna on 17 June 1946 ) is an Austrian literary writer .
Vicente Principiano ( born October 3 , 1978 in San Nicolás , Buenos Aires ) is an Argentine footballer player .
Hamid Alidoosti ( Persian : حمید علیدوستی ‎‎ , born 1 January 1956 in Tehran ) is a retired Iranian footballer and now football coach .
Antoine Héroet , surnamed La Maison - Neuve ( died 1568 ) , French poet , was born in Paris of a family connected with the well known chancellor , François Olivier .
Yan Junling ( simplified Chinese : 颜骏凌 ; traditional Chinese : 顏駿凌 ; pinyin : Yán Jùnlíng ; born 28 January 1991 ) is a Chinese footballer who currently plays for Shanghai SIPG in the Chinese Super League .
Pete Conrad was born on June 2 , 1930 , in Philadelphia , the third child and the first son of Charles Conrad , Sr . ( 1892 - -1969 ) and Frances De Rappelage Conrad ( née Vinson ; 1899 - -1981 ) , a well - to - do real estate and banking family .
Thomas Tew ( fl . 1692 - -1695 ) , also known as the Rhode Island Pirate , was a 17th - century English privateer - turned - pirate .
Dragan Čavić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Драган Чавић ) ( born 10 March 1958 , Zenica ) is a Bosnian politician of Serb ethnicity , who was the President of Republika Srpska in 2002 - 2006 , after having been Vice President of Republika Srpska in 2000 - 2002 .
Karl Burns ( born 1958 , Manchester , England ) is a British musician best known as drummer for The Fall , featuring in many incarnations of the band between 1977 and 1998 .
Gareth Cronin ( born 18 February 1975 in Cork ) is former Irish football player and manager .
China Moses ( born January 9 , 1978 in Los Angeles ) is an American singer and television host .
Claire Morgan ( born 1980 in Belfast , Northern Ireland ) is an internationally exhibited sculptor and artist who lives and works in London , United Kingdom .
Born in Varkala in Thiruvananthapuram district , Joshiy 's relation with cinema began from the cinema theatre that his family owned .
Walter Liese ( born 31 January 1926 in Berlin ) is a German forestry and wood researcher and wood biologist .
Laird Macintosh is an American actor ( born in Evanston , Illinois ) .
Gilles Valiquette ( born April 7 , 1952 in Montreal , Quebec ) is a Canadian rock musician , stage actor and record producer .
Ivan Morozov ( 1871 - -1921 ) was a Russian businessman and from 1907 to 1914 a major collector of avant - garde French art . After the Bolshevik Revolution his art collection was nationalized and divided between the Pushkin Museum , Moscow , and the Hermitage Museum , Leningrad .
Sanford Gold ( June 9 , 1911 -- May 29 , 1984 ) was an American jazz pianist born in Cleveland , Ohio .
Elmar Ledergerber ( born in Engelberg on April 4 , 1944 ) was a previous Mayor of Zurich .
Pietro Pettinaio was born around 1189 in Campi Bisenzio and moved with his parents to Siena at some point during his childhood .
Matthew Melton ( born November 10 , 1982 ) is an American musician , songwriter , producer , and photographer based in Austin , Texas , originally from Memphis , Tennessee .
Catrinel Menghia , sometimes known as Catrinel Marlon , ( born October 1 , 1985 , Iași ) is a Romanian top fashion model who is best known for her 2006 and 2009 appearances in the Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue , and as the face of Giorgio Armani worldwide and French lingerie purveyor Lise Charmel .
Sybil Seely was born Sybil Travilla to Harry Travilla and Lucie Ellen Boyker ( 1855 -- 1949 ) in Los Angeles , California .
Mark Rooney ( born 13 December 1983 , Dublin ) is a former Irish footballer who plied his trade as a striker .
Michael Colgrass ( born April 22 , 1932 , in Chicago , Illinois ) is an American - born Canadian musician , composer , and educator .
Ardalan Ashtiani ( Persian : اردلان آشتیانی‎ , born April 5 , 1982 in Tehran ) is an Iranian football player .
Esther Cremer ( born 29 March 1988 in Cologne ) is a German athlete who specialises in the 400 metres .
Hye - rim Park ( born January 17 , 1985 , in Seoul ) is a Korean - American model currently signed with Trump Model Management ( New York ) , Take 2 Models ( London ) , Why Not Models ( Milan ) and Viva Model Management ( Paris ) .
Siti Fadilah Supari ( born 6 November 1949 in Surakarta , Central Java ) is a prominent cardiology research specialist and an Indonesian politician who served as Minister of Health from 2004 to 2009 .
Kevin Luiters ( born 2 July 1992 in Port Elizabeth ) is a South African rugby union player , currently playing with the Eastern Province Kings .
Pierre Sidos ( born 6 January 1927 in Saint - Pierre - d'Oléron ) was a French far right political figure , mainly active in the post - war era .
Rachel Gould ( born June 25 , 1953 in Camden , New Jersey as Rachel Field ) is an American singer of Modern Jazz .
Tang Baiqiao ( Chinese : 唐柏桥 ; born August , 1967 ; sometimes spelled Tang Boqiao ) is a Chinese political dissident from Hunan province who led student protests during the 1989 democracy movement .
Hermann Gemmel was born in Barciany , Poland ( then Barten in East Prussia ) in 1813 .
Binod Pradhan ( native of Kalimpong , Darjeeling district , West Bengal ) is an acclaimed Nepali and Indian nationals cinematographer whose creative visuals and cutting - edge imagery have left their mark on Indian cinema .
John Paul Pitoc ( born March 5 , 1974 , Queens , New York ) , also credited as Jean Paul Pitoc or J. P. Pitoc , is an American actor .
Roman Mashkov was born on September 24 , 1922 in Bolshiye Goly village of Kachugsky Municipal District of Irkutsk region , Russia in a family of the Russian peasant .
Nikos Psacharopoulos ( born Athens , January 18 , 1928 , died St. John , U.S. Virgin Islands , on January 12 , 1989 ) was an American theater producer , director , and educator .
Unai Bustinza Martínez ( born 2 January 1992 ) is a Spanish footballer who plays for CD Leganés on loan from Athletic Bilbao as a right back .
Mariana Pajón Londoño ODB ( born 10 October 1991 in Medellín ) is a Colombian cyclist , Olympic Gold Medalist and BMX World Champion .
Gilberto Simoni ( born 25 August 1971 in Palù di Giovo , Trentino ) is an Italian ex - professional road bicycle racer , most recently for Lampre--
James Whitcomb was born in Rochester , Vermont on December 1 , 1795 , the fourth of ten children of John W. and Lydia Parmenter Whitcomb .
Louis Davids was born in Rotterdam as son of the comedian and café owner Levie David and Francina Terveen ( deceased in 1927 ) in a poor Jewish family of eight children .
Esteban José Martínez Fernández y Martínez de la Sierra , or simply Esteban José Martínez ( 1742 - -1798 ) was a Spanish navigator and explorer , native of Seville .
Motti Ivanir ( Hebrew : מוטי איוניר‎ ; born March 18 , 1964 in Tel Aviv ) is an Israeli former football player .
Gan Rui ( Chinese : 甘锐 ; born 11 January 1985 in Chongqing ) is a Chinese football player who currently plays for Nanjing Qianbao in the China League Two .
Joel Frost was born in Carmel , New York on September 28 , 1765 , the son of John Frost and Huldah ( Munson ) Frost .
Xu Xilin ( 1873 -- 7 July 1907 ) , was a Chinese revolutionary born in Dongpu , Shanyin , Shaoxing , Zhejiang during the Qing dynasty .
Inga Thompson ( born January 27 , 1964 ) is a road bicycle racing professional from Reno , Nevada .
Meredith Henderson ( born November 24 , 1983 in Ottawa , Ontario , grew up in Aylmer , Quebec ) is a Canadian actress best known for playing the title role in The Adventures of Shirley Holmes .
Kij Johnson ( born Katherine Irenae Johnson January 20 , 1960 in Harlan , Iowa ) is an American writer of fantasy .
General der Flieger Paul Deichmann was born in Fulda on 27 August 1898 .
Bernard Derome , CM , OQ ( born January 10 , 1944 in Montreal , Quebec ) is a Canadian broadcaster , who was news anchor for the weeknight editions of Le Téléjournal on SRC Television until December 18 , 2008 .
Geremia da Montagnone ( d.1320/1321 ) was a judge and author active in Padua at the beginning of the 14th century .
Kerry Shook is an American minister , best - selling author , and Senior Pastor of Woodlands Church in The Woodlands , Texas .
George Pace was born in Croydon , Surrey , the son of a ship owner 's clerk .
Gregoria Micaela Toledo Machín ( born 24 September 1969 in Arrecife , Lanzarote ) , professionally known as Goya Toledo , is a Spanish actress and model .
Wojciech Golla ( born 12 January 1992 in Złotów ) is a Polish footballer who plays as a Defender for Dutch Eredivisie side NEC .
Prof . Dr. Ir . Ginandjar Kartasasmita ( born ) April 1941 in Bandung , West Java is an Indonesian politician .
Abraham Serfaty was born in Casablanca , in 1926 , of a middle - class Jewish family originally from Tangier .
Louise Brough ( pronounced Bruff ) was born in Oklahoma City in 1923 .
Alain Mion ( born January 14 , 1947 in Casablanca ) is a French pianist , composer , arranger , and jazz singer .
Hans Karl Breslauer was born in Vienna , the son of the proprietor of a coffee - house , which it was intended he should take over .
Martin Kihn was born in Zambia , where his parents met while working in a hospital .
George Ogăraru ( born 3 February 1980 in Bucharest ) is a retired Romanian footballer and current manager .
Hans Carl Ludwig Augustinsson ( born 21 April 1994 in Stockholm ) is a Swedish professional footballer who plays for Danish Superliga club F.C. Copenhagen as a left - back .
Marco Stroppa ( born 8 December 1959 , in Verona ) is an Italian composer who writes computer music as well as music for instruments with live electronics .
Eldon Quick ( born April 4 , 1937 in San Joaquin County , California ) is an American character actor .
Juan Solari worked in Mexico City , from around 1984 to 1999 .
Farley Keith ( born Farley Keith Williams , January 25 , 1962 , Chicago , Illinois ) , better known as Farley `` Jackmaster '' Funk , is a DJ and record producer of Chicago house music .
Issara Sritaro ( born Jan 18 , 1980 ) is a Thai football coach Thailand Premier League side Chainat Hornbill .
Alexis Gharibian ( born 13 February 1984 in Marseille , France ) is an Armenian professional football player .
Alexander Ferdinand Grychtolik ( born 6 September 1980 in Berlin ) is a German harpsichordist , improviser , musicologist and academic .
Immanuel Johann Gerhard Scheller ( 22 March 1735 in Ihlow -- 5 July 1803 in Brieg ) was a German classical philologist and lexicographer .
Giuseppe Arezzi ( born 1 March 1917 in Pontecurone ) was aan Italian footballer .
Saint Mesmin ( Maximin , Maximinus ) ( died ca . 520 AD ) is a French saint associated with the Bishopric of Orléans .
Gérard Latortue ( born June 19 , 1934 at Gonaïves ) was the Prime Minister of Haïti from March 12 , 2004 to June 9 , 2006 .
Donald Ryder Dickey was born on March 31 , 1887 in Dubuque , Iowa , the son of Anna Roberts Ryder and Ernest May Dickey ( superintendent of the Diamond Joe Steamship Line ) .
Antonella Baldini ( born May 11 , 1966 in Milan ) is an Italian voice actress .
Baron Karl Wilhelm von Gümbel ( February 11 , 1823 -- June 18 , 1898 ) , German geologist , was born at Dannenfels , in the Palatinate of the Rhine , and is known chiefly by his researches on the geology of Bavaria .
Jay Farrar ( born December 26 , 1966 , Belleville , Illinois ) is an American songwriter and musician currently based in St. Louis , Missouri .
Saint Notburga ( c. 1265 -- September 16 , 1313 ) , also known as Notburga of Rattenberg or Notburga of Eben , was an Austrian saint from modern Tyrol .
Vilmos Fraknói ( originally Vilmos Frankl ) came from a Jewish family of Ürmény ( today Mojmírovce , Slovakia ) .
The eldest of six children , Kevin Vann was born in Springfield , Illinois , to William and Theresa ( née Jones ) Vann .
Melinda Hammond ( b. in Bristol , England ) is an awarded British writer of romance novels since 1980 , she also uses the pseudonym of Sarah Mallory .
Henrietta Swan Leavitt , the daughter of Congregational church minister George Roswell Leavitt and his wife Henrietta Swan ( Kendrick ) , was born in Lancaster , Massachusetts , a descendant of Deacon John Leavitt , an English Puritan tailor , who settled in the Massachusetts Bay Colony in the early seventeenth century .
Uwe Weidemann ( born June 14 , 1963 in Weißensee , Thuringia ) is a former East German international footballer who became a coach , last managing VfR Fischeln .
Bill Zavatsky ( born 1943 Bridgeport , Connecticut ) is an American poet , journalist , jazz pianist , and translator .
Leonid Mezheritski was born on December 11 , 1930 , and spent most of his life in the cosmopolitan city of Odessa , whose streets and suburbs are found in many of his works .
Selim Süleyman Osmanoğlu Prince ( Şehzade ) Selim Süleyman Efendi was born in High Wycombe , Buckinghamshire , England on 15 December 1979 , youngest son of Prince ( Şehzade ) Osman Selaheddin Osmanoğlu and his wife Athena Joy Hanımefendi , née , Christoforides .
Zhivko Milanov ( Bulgarian : Живко Миланов ; born 15 July 1984 in Sofia ) is a Bulgarian footballer who plays for APOEL FC in the Cypriot First Division .
Enrico Alfano ( Naples , 1869 or 1870 - unknown ) , also known as `` Erricone '' , was considered to be one of the chiefs of the Camorra , a Mafia - type organisation in the region of Campania and its capital Naples in Italy , at the turn of the 20th century .
Azer Zeynalov was born in Nakhchivan in an intellectual family .
Werner Lamberz was born in Mayen in the Eifel region , approximately 36 kim ( 22 miles ) to the west of Koblenz .
Heike Tischler ( born 4 February 1964 in Saalfeld , Thuringia ) is a retired German heptathlete .
Elisabeth Eberl ( born 25 March 1988 in Graz ) is an Austrian javelin thrower .
Aeacus ( /ˈiːəkəs/ ; also spelled Eacus ; Greek : Αἰακός ) was a mythological king of the island of Aegina in the Saronic Gulf .
Regine Mösenlechner ( born 1 April 1961 in Inzell ) is a retired German alpine skier .
Gerry Duggan was born in Dublin in 1910 ( some sources say 1909 ) .
Agenore Frangipani ( Benevento ; December 4 , 1876 -- Addis Abeba ; April 6 , 1941 ) was an Italian general during WWII , and for three days was Governor of Addis Abeba in April 1941 .
Isabel Steva i Hernández , whose pseudonym is Colita ( Barcelona , August 24 , 1940 ) , is a Spanish photographer .
Karim Ali Hadji ( born May 14 , 1981 in Chlef ) is an Algerian footballer .
Hugo César Lopes da Silva Soares , simply Hugo Soares ( born 15 December 1974 in Luanda ) is a former Angolan football striker .
Wilhelm Henning ( born 26 July 1879 in Bruchsal , Baden - death unknown ) was a German military officer and right - wing politician .
Sam Weisman ( b. 1947 in Binghamton , New York ) is an American film director .
Vlado Zadro ( born 17 March 1987 in Mostar ) is a professional Bosnian football player currently playing in Premier League club Široki Brijeg .
Heiki Trolla ( born 10 August 1970 in Võru ) , better known by his artist name Navitrolla , is an Estonian painter whose work has been described as naivist or surrealist .
Francesco Remotti ( Pozzolo Formigaro 6 June 1943 ) is an Italian anthropologist .
Zhora Hovhannisyan ( Armenian : Ժորա Հովհաննիսյան , born 16 April 1987 in Yerevan ) is an Armenian football .
Florian Weber ( born November 20 , 1977 in Detmold ) is a German pianist and composer of modern jazz .
Madison Phil Senini ( born April 23 , 1953 in Burley , Idaho ) , professionally known as M. Phil Senini , is an American actor , screenwriter and production associate .
Ira Baldwin was born in 1895 on a 40-acre ( 160,000 m2 ) farm in Indiana .
Phạm Duy was born Phạm Duy Cẩn , on October 5 , 1921 , in Hanoi .
Haydar Zorlu ( born May 4 , 1967 in Karlıova ) is a Turkish - German actor .
Serhat Koç ( born 18 July 1990 in Eindhoven ) is a Dutch former professional footballer who currently plays for Belgian Third Division side Cappellen FC .
Marco Mazzi ( born May 5 , 1980 ) is an Italian writer , art theorist and photographer living and working in Tokyo , Florence , and Tirana .
Soumia Bahri or just Soumia ( born August 27 , 1977 , in Saint - Mandé , Val - de - Marne ) is a French Zouk singer .
Darío Husaín ( born May 2 , 1976 in Haedo , Buenos Aires Province ) is an Argentine footballer currently is a free agent .
Frédéric Bolley ( born February 17 , 1974 in Marseille ) is a French former two - time motocross world champion .
Amir Reza Khadem Azghadi ( Persian : امیررضا خادم ازغدی‎‎ , born February 10 , 1970 in Mashhad ) is an Iranian wrestler who won Olympic bronze medals in 1992 and 1996 .
Ashley Way ( born 16 December 1971 ) is a film and television director born in Cardiff , Wales , in 1971 .
Nguyễn Hoài Anh ( born 10 March 1993 ) is a Vietnamese footballer who plays as a Goalkeeper for TP.Hồ Chí Minh , on loan from Than Quảng Ninh , and the Vietnamese national team .
Bence Iszlai ( born 29 May 1989 in Veszprém ) is a Hungarian football player who currently plays in Szombathelyi Haladás in the Hungarian national Championship .
Jeremy Sheffield ( born 17 March 1966 ) is a British actor and former professional ballet dancer from Chelmsford , England .
Cédric Moukouri Mambingo , known as Cédric Moukouri ( born October 29 , 1979 in Gonesse , Val - d'Oise ) is a French football player who plays in Réunion for Saint - Pauloise .
François Wahl was editor at the Éditions du Seuil , a publishing company in Paris .
Etienne Girardot ( 22 February 1856 -- 10 November 1939 ) was a diminutive stage and film actor of Anglo - French parentage born in London , England .
Jonathan Manzi ( born 1991 , Beverly , Massachusetts ) , an American entrepreneur , is known as the youngest person in history to attain a net worth exceeding $ 1 million via industry , doing so at the age of 16 .
Arkadiusz Sojka ( born June 9 , 1980 in Krosno Odrzańskie ) is a former Polish footballer .
Teresa Ann Savoy , FRSA ( b. 18 July 1955 in London ) is a British - born actress .
Perizonius ( or Accinctus ) was the name of Jakob Voorbroek ( October 26 , 1651 -- April 6 , 1715 ) , a Dutch classical scholar , who was born at Appingedam in Groningen .
Robert Hayden was born Asa Bundy Sheffey in ( Detroit , Michigan ) , to Ruth and Asa Sheffey ( who separated before his birth ) .
Matthew Bogusz ( born November 14 , 1986 ) is the Mayor of Des Plaines , Illinois , having begun his term of office in May 2013 .
Franklin Fernandes , better known as Frank Fernand ( 3 May 1919 -- 1 April 2007 ) , born in Curchorem , Goa , was a renowned film maker and musician and is remembered for his epoch making Konkani movies like Amchem Noxib ( Our luck ) and Nirmonn ( Destiny ) .
Ottavio Vannini ( September 15 , 1585 -- c. 1643 ) was an Italian artist of the Baroque period , active mainly in Florence .
Markus Merk ( born March 15 , 1962 in Kaiserslautern ) is a former top - level German football referee .
Alexander Stirling Calder ( January 11 , 1870 in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania -- January 7 , 1945 ) was an American sculptor and teacher .
Luis Enrique Sam Colop or Sam - Colop ( born in Cantel , 1955 , died July 15 , 2011 ) was a Guatemalan / Native American linguist , lawyer , poet , writer , newspaper columnist , promoter of the K'iche ' language , and social activist .
Andrew Lau Wai - Keung ( born 4 April 1960 ) is a Hong Kong film director , cinematographer and producer .
Júlio José de Pinho Isidro do Carmo ComIH ( born 5 January 1945 in Lisbon ) , better known as Júlio Isidro is a Portuguese television presenter , radio announcer and entertainer .
Tommy Kinsella ( born 1941 in Dublin , died 6 February 2009 ) was an Irish soccer player who played in the League of Ireland during the 1960s .
Madiou Konate ( born 12 January 1982 in Dakar ) is a Senegalese football striker who is playing for Strømmen in 1 .
Anna Orlova ( born August 23 , 1972 in Riga ) is a retired Latvian luger who competed at six Winter Olympics between 1992 and 2010 .
Roland Bondonny ( May 1932 , Meymac -- February 2005 ) was a wealthy vintner and conservative politician who lived in France , in Égletons in Corrèze and also in Fourmies in Nord .
Florin Zamfirescu ( born 12 April 1949 , Călimănești , Vâlcea County ) is a Romanian theatre and film actor and director .
David Guido Pietroni ( born 9 March 1970 in Genoa ) is an Italian artistic producer .
Patti Reynolds ( born May 28 , 1948 in Chicago , Illinois ) is an American model and actress who was Playboy magazine 's Playmate of the Month for its September 1965 issue ( at the age of 17 ) .
Born in Hefei as Duan Qirui ( 段啟瑞 ) , his courtesy name was Zhiquan ( 芝泉 ) .
Winnie Holzman ( born 1954 ; New York City ) is an American dramatist , screenwriter and poet .
Allan Russell ( born 13 December 1980 in Glasgow ) is a Scottish footballer currently playing for Orange County Blues in the American USL Pro division .
Ariel Olivetti ( born November 15 , 1967 in Buenos Aires ) is an Argentine comic book penciller best known for his work on American comic book titles such as Daredevil , X - Man , Space Ghost and Punisher War Journal .
Alexander Rondón Heredia ( born August 30 , 1977 in Cumaná ) is a football manager and Venezuelan football striker .
Annett Böhm ( born 8 August 1980 in Meerane , Saxony ) is a German Judoka .
Laura Boccanera ( born September 13 , 1961 in Rome ) , is an Italian voice actress .
Dan Schreiber ( born June 30 , 1985 ) is an American pro gamer and poker player from Troy , Ohio .
Brunhilde Hendrix ( 2 August 1938 in Langenzenn -- 28 November 1995 in Sachsen bei Ansbach ) is a West German athlete who competed mainly in the 100 metres .
Born in Berlin , Walter Gropius was the third child of Walter Adolph Gropius and Manon Auguste Pauline Scharnweber ( 1855 - -1933 ) .
Peter McPherson ( born 18 June 1984 in Newcastle , New South Wales ) is an Australian footballer who plays for National Premier Leagues side Lambton Jaffas FC .
Charnett Moffett attended Fiorello H. LaGuardia High School of Music & Art and Performing Arts in New York City and later studied at Mannes College of Music and the Juilliard School of Music .
Rear Admiral Alan T. Baker , USN , born in Santa Ana , CA , 1956 , is a retired American Navy officer who served as the 16th Chaplain of the United States Marine Corps from 2006 to 2009 .
Ginuwine was born on October 15 , 1970 in Washington , D.C. He is named after NBA legend Elgin Baylor , who is also a Washington native .
Joseph Chaumié was born in Agen , Lot - et - Garonne , into a family of modest means .
Moké Kajima ( born June 3 , 1974 in Kinshasa , Zaire ) is a football player from the Congo .
Stanislava Nopova ( born May 26 , 1953 Zlín ) is a Czech author , poet and publisher .
The son of Commodore Byron McCandless ( 1881 - -1967 ) , Bruce McCandless was born on August 12 , 1911 , in Washington , D.C ..
Benjamin Anderson was born in Columbia , Missouri to Benjamin McLean Anderson , a businessman and a politician .
Wendy Hall was born in west London and educated at Ealing Grammar School for Girls .
Aulus Caecina Alienus , Roman general , was born in Vicetia ( modern Vicenza ) .
Dona Massin ( born 18 February 1917 in Winnipeg , Canada -- 26 May 2001 ) was a film choreographer best known for her work on The Wizard of Oz . Dona Massin appeared in over 100 films throughout her career .
Sardar Sherbaz Khan Mazari ( born 6 October 1930 ) is a prominent Pakistani politician and the former leader of the opposition in the National Assembly hailing from the Baloch , Mazari tribe situated in Rojhan - Mazari .
In 1820 , Charles Henry Hardin was born to Charles and Hannah Jewell Hardin in Trimble County , Kentucky .
Mel Wesson was born and raised in London , despite numerous efforts to persuade him to follow a more conventional musical path he gravitated towards the synthesizer as his instrument of choice .
Bjarte Engen Vik ( born March 3 , 1971 in Tromsø ) is a former Norwegian nordic combined athlete .
Alice Hoffman was born in New York City and raised on Long Island , New York .
Jan George Freezen or Johann Georg Freesen , a portrait painter , was born in Palts , near Heidelberg , in 1701 .
Ioannis Paleokrassas ( Greek : Ιωάννης Παλαιοκρασσάς ) ( born 27 March 1934 in Athens)ˡ is a Greek politician .
Luis Álvarez de Cervera , ( born 23 July 1947 in Madrid ) is a Spanish equestrian who competed at six Olympic Games between 1972 and 1996 .
Ted Forrest ( born September 24 , 1964 in Syracuse , New York ) is an American professional poker player , currently residing in Las Vegas , Nevada .
Ilija Trojanow ( Bulgarian : Илия Троянов , also transliterated as Iliya Troyanov ; born August 23 , 1965 in Sofia ) , is a Bulgarian--
Sher Shah Suri was born as Farid Khan in the present day place Sasaram State Bihar India .
Cerstin Schmidt ( born 5 March 1963 in Zwickau , Saxony ) is an East German luger who competed during the mid to late 1980s .
Christopher Ettridge ( born 21 February 1948 ) is an English actor born in Isleworth , United Kingdom .
Erling von Mende ( born October 10 , 1940 ) has been professor of Sinology at the FU Berlin since 1983 .
Donna Ball ( born 1951 in North Georgia , US ) is an American writer of over 90 novels , mainly romance novels since 1982 , she also signed her novels as Rebecca Flanders , Donna Carlisle and Donna Boyd .
Born Clifford Porter Hall in Cincinnati , Ohio , he began his career touring as a stage actor with roles in productions of The Great Gatsby and Naked in 1926 .
James Edward Petroc Trelawny was born in Worcester but grew up in the Meneage district of the Lizard Peninsula in Cornwall and attended Helston School .
P. Ayya Nadar ( 1905 - 1982 ) was an Indian entrepreneur from the southern city of Sivakasi in Tamil Nadu .
Paolo Schianchi ( born 22 January 1966 in Parma ) , is an Italian architect and designer .
Barbora Závadová ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈbarbora ˈzaːvadovaː ) ; born January 23 , 1993 ) is a Czech swimmer from Ostrava .
Stephen Willats ( born London , 1943 ) is a British artist .
Norman Beaker ( born 21 June 1950 in Manchester ) is an English blues guitarist , vocalist , songwriter , band leader and record producer , who has been involved in the British blues scene since the early 1970s .
Claire Burch ( 1925 in Brooklyn , New York -- May 21 , 2009 ) was an American author , filmmaker and poet .
Alexis Elizalde Estévez ( born July 19 , 1967 in Havana ) is a Cuban retired discus thrower .
Marcus Wesson was born in Kansas to Benjamin and Carrie Wesson and raised as a member of the Seventh - day Adventist Church .
Thomas Dudley was born in Yardley Hastings , a village near Northampton , England , on 12 October 1576 , to Roger and Susanna ( Thorne ) Dudley .
Éric Chavot ( born Arcachon ) is a French Michelin starred chef .
Hagen Melzer ( born 16 June 1959 in Bautzen ) is a former ( East ) German middle and long distance runner who specialized in the 3000 m steeplechase .
Bruno Campanella ( born January 6 , 1943 , Bari ) is an Italian conductor and a distinguished interpreter of the Italian Opera .
Bilal Skaf ( Arabic : بلال سكاف‎ ) ( born 14 September 1981 in Sydney , New South Wales ) is an Australian serial gang rapist who led groups of Lebanese Australian men who committed gang rape attacks against women in Sydney in 2000 .
Ghislain Anselmini ( born 6 May 1970 in Le Coteau , Loire ) is a French former professional footballer who played as a left - sided defender .
Mario Corso , nicknamed Mariolino ( born August 25 , 1941 in Verona ) , is an Italian former football player and coach .
Brian Christian ( born 1984 in Wilmington , Delaware ) is an American author and poet , best known for his book The Most Human Human .
Tamer Yiğit ( born Tamer Özyiğitoğlu in 1942 in Balıkesir ) is a Turkish actor .
Frank von Zerneck ( born 1940 in New York City ) is an American television producer .
Andrei Sidorenkov ( born 12 February 1984 ) is an Estonian professional footballer , who is currently playing for Kalev Sillamäe .
Jeremy Lopez ( born 9 July 1989 ) is an Gibraltarian footballer who plays for Gibraltar Premier Division side Manchester 62 and the Gibraltar national team , where he plays as a right winger .
Rory Dames is an American soccer manager and currently head coach of the Chicago Red Stars .
Maurício José da Silveira Júnior ( born in São José dos Campos , October 21 , 1988 ) is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Zenit in the Russian Premier League .
Mamadou Bagayoko ( born 21 May 1979 in Paris ) is a French - born Malian international football striker .
Simon Weatherstone ( born 26 January 1980 in Reading , Berkshire , England ) is a former English footballer , who last played for Eastbourne Borough in the Conference National .
June Hunt ( born Ruth June Hunt on December 31 , 1944 , in Dallas , Texas ) is Founder and CSO ( Chief Servant Officer ) of Hope For The Heart , the nonprofit ministry she founded in 1986 .
Obren Joksimović ( Обрен Јоксимовић , born 15 May 1954 in Očevlje , PR Bosnia - Herzegovina , FPR Yugoslavia ) is a Serbian politician and former Minister of Health .
Haldane Duncan ( born 25 July 1940 , Edinburgh , Scotland ) is a television producer and director , best known for his contributions to soap operas .
Stanislav Zvolenský was born in Trnava , and was ordained to the priesthood by Bishop Julius Gábriš on June 13 , 1982 .
Damian Gorawski ( born January 4 , 1979 in Ruda Śląska ) is a retired Polish footballer who played as a right winger .
Rob Greenfield was born and raised in Ashland , Wisconsin where he was raised by a single mother , along with his three siblings .
Jolán Kleiber - Kontsek ( née Kontsek ; born August 29 , 1939 in Budapest ) is a Hungarian athlete who mainly competed in the discus throw event during her career .
Kyohei Iwasaki ( 岩崎 恭平 , born April 4 , 1986 in Atsugi , Kanagawa Prefecture ) is a Japanese professional baseball second baseman .
Bojan Đorđević ( Serbian Cyrillic : Бojaн Ђopђeвић ; born April 5 , 1984 in Niš ) is a Serbian footballer who currently plays for Radnički Niš in Serbian SuperLiga .
Nikita Eskov ( Russian : Никита Еськов ; born 23 January 1983 in Saint Petersburg ) is a Russian professional racing cyclist , currently riding for UCI Professional Continental Team RusVelo .
Roy Montrell ( 27 February 1928 -- 16 March 1979 ) was an American rhythm & blues guitarist who performed on hundreds of records produced in New Orleans .
Takeda Nobuzane ( 武田信実 ) more commonly known as Kawakubo Nobuzane ( 河窪 信実 ) ( died 29 June 1575 ) was a younger half - brother of Takeda Shingen , a preeminent daimyo ( feudal lord ) who vied for the control of Japan in the late stage of Sengoku , the `` warring states '' period .
Igor Levit ( Russian : Игорь Левит ) , born 1987 in Gorky ( now Nizhny Novgorod ) is a Russian - German pianist .
Naunton Wayne ( 22 June 1901 -- 17 November 1970 ) , was a British character actor , born Henry Wayne Davies in Llanwonno , Glamorgan , Wales .
Charles Edward Cook , Jr. , known as Charlie Cook ( born Shreveport , Louisiana November 20 , 1953 ) , is an American political analyst who specializes in election forecasts and political trends .
Jim Parsons was born at St. Joseph Hospital in Houston , Texas , and was raised in one of its northern suburbs , Spring .
Mayo Thompson ( born February 26 , 1944 in Houston , Texas ) is an American musician and visual artist best known as the leader of the avant - garde rock band Red Crayola ( Krayola ) .
Jeanne Sagan is a musician from Springfield , Massachusetts , best known as the former bassist and backing vocalist for the heavy metal - metalcore band All That Remains from 2006 to 2015 and now with Crossing Rubicon !
Julián Apezteguia ( born March 3 , 1974 in Buenos Aires ) is an Argentine film cinematographer .
Lionel Crabb was born in 1909 to Hugh and Beatrice Crabb of Streatham , south - west London .
Ezra Sims ( January 16 , 1928 in Birmingham , Alabama -- January 30 , 2015 in Boston , Massachusetts ) is one of the pioneers in the field of microtonal composition .
István Urbányi ( born 17 April 1967 in Salgótarján ) is a Hungarian former football player and coach , who currently serves as the manager of the Maldives national football team .
Dave Zeltserman is an American novelist , born in Boston , Massachusetts on 23 May 1959 .
Erika Brown ( born January 25 , 1973 in Madison , Wisconsin ) is an American curler , currently residing in Oakville , Ontario , Canada .
Marilyn McCoo was born in Jersey City , New Jersey , to Waymon and Mary McCoo , who were both doctors .
Paul Mariani ( born 1940 in New York City ) is an American poet and a professor at Boston College .
George Charles Haité was born in Bexleyheath , Kent , on 8 June 1855 , the second child and eldest son of George Haité senior .
Shane Fontayne ( born 10 May 1954 , London ) is the professional name of English rock guitarist Mick Barakan .
Sandro Klić is a Croatian football player currently playing with a 4th tier club Borac Bakar in the suburbs of Rijeka .
Daniel Börtz ( born 8 August 1943 ) is a Swedish composer , born in Hässleholm .
Senthilnathan Jambulingam ( born 26 November 1957 ) is an Indian film director , screenwriter and producer who predominantly works in Tamil cinema , based in Chennai .
Christen Thomesen Sehested ( 24 August 1664 -- 1736 ) , born in Copenhagen , was son of a lieutenant - colonel , Axel Sehested , and grandson of the King 's chancellor Christen Thomesen Sehested , who died in 1657 .
Thomas Heary ( born 14 February 1979 in Dublin ) is an Irish football player , who last played for Limerick .
Yadollah Samadi ( Persian : یدالله صمدی‎‎ , was born 1951 in Maragheh , East Azerbaijan ) is an Iranian film director .
Meo Abbracciavacca was an Italian poet from Pistoia who died in 1313 .
Emil Johann Lambert Heinricher ( November 14 , 1856 -- July 13 , 1934 ) was an Austrian botanist from Laibach ( Ljubljana ) .
Jamie Borthwick ( born 23 June 1994 , Barking ) is an English actor .
Adrienne Rich was born in Baltimore , Maryland , the elder of two sisters .
Francesco Nullo was born on 1 March 1826 in Bergamo , as a son of Arcangelo and Angelina Magno , a wealthy family of linen traders .
Mick Whitnall ( born 7 November 1968 , Doncaster , Yorkshire ) is the English lead guitarist for Pete Doherty 's rock band , Babyshambles , replacing former guitarist Patrick Walden .
Sayyid Ismail al - Azhari was born in Omdurman , the son of a religious notable .
Zach Blair ( from Sherman , Texas ) is the lead guitarist and backing vocalist for Chicago - based melodic hardcore band Rise Against .
Edward Oppenheimer ( born June 4 , 1957 , Wichita Falls , Texas ) is an award - winning photojournalist based in Moscow , Russia .
Michael Showers ( born 14 July 1945 ) is a convicted drug dealer from Liverpool .
Hugues Aufray ( born Hugues Jean Marie Auffray on 18 August 1929 in Neuilly - sur - Seine ) is a French singer - songwriter and guitarist .
Dustin Satloff was born in 1993 in New York City and received his first patent at the age of 10 .
Bob van Asperen ( born 8 October 1947 in Amsterdam ) is a Dutch harpsichordist and early keyboard instrument performer , as well as a conductor .
Xenocrates ( /zəˈnɒkrəˌtiːz/ ; Greek : Ξενοκράτης ; c. 396/5 -- 314/3 BC ) of Chalcedon was a Greek philosopher , mathematician , and leader ( scholarch ) of the Platonic Academy from 339/8 to 314/3 BC . His teachings followed those of Plato , which he attempted to define more closely , often with mathematical elements .
Albert F. Huntt ( died 1920 ) was an architect in Richmond , Virginia .
Sven Owe Ohlsson , ( born 19 August 1938 in Hälsö ) is a Swedish former football player and manager .
Gwenaëlle Butel ( born 9 January 1989 in Paris ) is a French football player who currently plays for French club Juvisy of the Division 1 Féminine .
Yeung Ching Kwong ( Chinese : 楊正光 ; Jyutping : joeng4 zing3 gwong1 , born 7 May 1976 in Hong Kong ) is a former Hong Kong professional football player .
Luigi Ferri ( June 15 , 1826 -- 1895 ) , Italian philosopher , was born at Bologna .
The son of a Corsican woman who had married General Joseph Mordrelle ( died in 1942 ) , Olier Mordrel was born in Paris and spent most of his childhood there ( paradoxically , the place where he also learned Breton ) .
Levon Hayrapetyan ( Armenian : Լևոն Հայրապետյան , born 17 April 1989 in Yerevan ) , also known as Levon Hairapetian , is an Armenian football player who currently plays defender for the Armenian national team and the Armenian Premier League club FC Pyunik .
Bartolomeo Altomonte , also known as Bartholomäus Hohenberg ( 24 February 1694 in Warsaw -- 11 November 1783 in Sankt Florian ) , was an Austrian baroque painter who specialized in large scale frescoes .
Jag de Bellouet ( born in Argentan , France , on May 17 , 1997 ) is a French former racing trotter by Viking 's Way out of Vaunoise by Nicos du Vivier .
Herrmann Julius Meyer ( April 4 , 1826 -- March 12 , 1909 ) was a German publisher born in Gotha .
Katherine Sarafian , the middle of three children , was raised in San Leandro , California , by her Armenian mother Alice , active in San Leandro civic affairs , and Armenian father Richard Sarafian , a pastor of the Saint Vartan Armenian Church of Oakland who died in 2009 .
Jože Vidmar ( born February 27 , 1963 in Ljubljana ) is a Yugoslav - born , Slovenian slalom canoer who competed from the early 1980s to the mid-1990s .
Steve Mocco ( born December 28 , 1981 ) is an American amateur wrestler and mixed martial artist originally from North Bergen , New Jersey .
Maung Maung Gyi ( Burmese : မောင်မောင်ကြီး , pronounced : ( màʊɴ màʊɴ dʑí ) ; 1890 - -1942 ) was an early watercolor painter from Yangon and the first Burmese to travel abroad for studies in Western painting .
Christina Pluhar ( Graz , 1965 ) is an Austrian theorbist , conductor , and leader of L'Arpeggiata ensemble .
Erich Olboeter was born on 26 July 1917 , in Eberswalde near Berlin .
Alexandru Penciu ( born Bucharest , 1 November 1932 ) is a former Romanian rugby union player and coach whose role was fullback .
Vincent Okamoto ( born November 22 , 1943 in Poston , Arizona ) is a former U.S. Army officer .
Michael Brunson OBE ( born 12 August 1940 in Norwich ) is a British broadcasting political journalist of over thirty years ' standing .
Davide Borin ( born 8 January 1989 in Turin ) is an Italian professional football player currently playing for Lega Pro Seconda Divisione team A.S. Pro Belvedere Vercelli on loan from Juventus F.C.
Klaas Rusticus ( Sneek , October 25 , 1942 ) is a Dutch author and television and film director .
Ainett Stephens ( born 28 January 1982 in Caracas ) is a Venezuelan , Supermodel and television personality .
Born Ina Rosenberg to a Jewish family in Brooklyn , Ina Balin first appeared on television on The Perry Como Show .
Jorge Gestoso is an Uruguayan journalist who was born in Montevideo .
Dimitar Todorov ( Bulgarian : Димитър Тодоров ) ( born 15 September 1957 ) is a Bulgarian former football player and the current football manager of Vidima - Rakovski Sevlievo .
Jean - Luc Vandenbroucke ( born 31 May 1955 in Mouscron ) is a Belgian former road bicycle racer , track cyclist and directeur sportif .
Tim Reichert ( born 9 October 1979 in Essen , North Rhine - Westphalia ) is a German professional football player for Sportfreunde Siegen and co - founder of the SK Gaming e - sports clan .
Michael E. Pegram ( born February 16 , 1952 in Fort Knox , Kentucky ) is the co - owner of the 2010 Preakness Stakes winner Lookin at Lucky and owner of the 1998 Kentucky Derby and Preakness Stakes winner Real Quiet .
Henry Kulky ( August 11 , 1911 -- February 12 , 1965 ) was an American actor and former professional wrestler from Hastings - on - Hudson , New York , probably best remembered as Chief Petty Officer Curly Jones from season 1 of Voyage to the Bottom of the Sea .
Fabio Paratici ( born July 13 , 1972 in Borgonovo Val Tidone ) is an Italian former football player , currently working in the role of Sporting Director for Italian club Juventus .
Arny Freeman ( August 28 , 1908 --February 13 , 1986 ) was a Chicago - born American character actor .
Eddy Heurlié ( born 27 December 1977 in Le Lamentin ) is a Martiniquais footballer who currently plays for lower league outfit CS Bélimois in Martinique .
Roberto Gallina ( born January 4 , 1940 in La Spezia ) is a former Italian Grand Prix motorcycle road racer and racing team owner .
Virginia Cherrill was born on a farm in rural Carthage , Illinois , to James E. and Blanche ( née Wilcox ) Cherrill .
In his 1519/20 Psalter , Vuković had signed himself as `` Božidar Vuković of the Đurići , of Podgorica '' ( Serbian : Божидар Вуковић од Ђурића , Подгоричанин ) .
Born in Dublin in 1925 , Eamonn Boyce was working as a CIÉ Bus Conductor when he was first recruited by the Irish Republican Army in 1953 .
James Oseland ( born February 9 , 1963 in Mountain View , California ) is an American food writer and magazine editor who lives part - time in Manhattan and part - time in Emmaus , Pennsylvania .
Michael V. Smith is a Canadian novelist , poet and filmmaker , originally from Cornwall , Ontario and now living in Kelowna , British Columbia .
Friedrich Christian Meuschen ( September 15 , 1719 - February 20 , 1811 ) was a German diplomat and conchologist born in Hanau .
Peter Berresford Ellis ( born 10 March 1943 in Coventry ) is a historian , literary biographer , and novelist who has published over 98 books to date either under his own name or his pseudonyms Peter Tremayne and Peter MacAlan .
Gabriel Beauchesne - Sévigny ( born December 11 , 1984 , in Montreal ) is a Canadian sprint canoer who has competed since the late 2000s .
Fábio Souza de Oliveira or simply Fábio ( born March 14 , 1984 in Campo Grande ) , is a Brazilian striker who plays for Goiás .
Sytse Dekama ( as well as his successor Gale Hania from Weidum , chosen around 1397 ) was the twelfth potestaat ( or magistrate ruler ) of Friesland , which was in the time of the religious disputes between Schieringers and Vetkopers .
Claude Lévi - Strauss was born to French Jewish parents who were living in Brussels at the time , where his father was working as a portrait painter .
Kirk Acevedo 's parents were both born in New York City , and lived in Brooklyn where both their sons , Richard and Kirk Acevedo , were born .
Paul Attanasio was born in The Bronx , New York City , the son of Connie , a real estate broker , and Joseph Attanasio , a commercial consultant .
Antonio del Ceraiolo ( also known as Antonio di Arcangelo ) was an Italian painter , active in Florence in a Renaissance style , between 1520 and 1538 .
Michael Doeberl ( 15 January 1861 , Waldsassen -- 24 March 1928 , Partenkirchen ) was a German historian who specialized in Bavarian history .
Harry Boland was born in Phibsborough , Dublin on 27 April 1887 , the son of Irish Republican Brotherhood member James Boland and Kate Woods .
Mustapha Essaïd ( born 20 January 1970 in El Ksiba ) is a retired Moroccan - born French runner who specialized in the 5000 metres and cross - country running .
Giorgos Bountopoulos ( Greek : Γιώργος Μπουντόπουλος ) , born 27 July 1990 in Pyrgos , is a professional Greek football player , who last played for AE Larissa FC in the Greek Football League as a winger .
Romish Jalilov ( born on 21 November 1995 ) is a Tajikistani footballer who plays for Regar - TadAZ , on loan from FC Istiklol , and the Tajikistan national football team .
Geurt van Beuningen ( 1565 - -1633 ) was the son of a cheese - dealer , mayor of Amsterdam and administrator of the Dutch East India Company ( VOC ) .
Rostislaw Wygranienko ( born 1978 in Simferopol , Ukraine ) is a Polish concert organist , pianist and musicologist of Ukrainian origin .
Cory Bernardi ( born 6 November 1969 , Adelaide ) is an Australian politician and the author of The Conservative Revolution .
Claire Falconer ( born Enniskillen , Northern Ireland ) is an Irish actress and painter who currently works in Ireland , Italy and United States .
Kari Ukkonen ( born 19 February 1961 in Kuopio ) is a Finnish former football player and current football manager .
Louis Armand was born in Cruseilles , Haute - Savoie , and studied in Annecy and Lyon at the Lycée du Parc .
Merete Myklebust ( born May 16 , 1973 in Ålesund ) is a former Norwegian footballer , world champion and olympic medalist .
Dylan Verrechia ( born March 9 , 1976 in Paris ) is a French - Danish - American filmmaker .
John Philoponus ( /fᵻˈlɒpənəs/ ; Ἰωάννης ὁ Φιλόπονος ; c. 490 -- c. 570 ) , also known as John the Grammarian or John of Alexandria , was an Alexandrian philologist , Aristotelian commentator and Christian theologian , author of a considerable number of philosophical treatises and theological works .
Martha Wilson ( born 1947 in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania ) is an American feminist performance artist and the founding director of Franklin Furnace art organization .
Jaroslav Krček was born in Čtyři Dvory near České Budějovice in southern Bohemia .
Hermes of Philippopolis was one of the Seventy Disciples and was bishop in Philippopolis in Thrace ( today 's Plovdiv , Bulgaria ) .
King Size Dick ( born December 29 , 1942 in Cologne ; his real name is Heinz Ganss ) is a German Rock music singer , who mainly sings in the Colognian language .
Gianluca Floris ( born 1964 in Cagliari ) is an Italian writer and belcanto singer .
Arvid Hanssen ( 28 July 1932 , Lenvik -- 31 July 1998 ) was a Norwegian journalist , newspaper editor , poet , novelist and children 's writer .
George Dolenz ( born Jure Dolenc ; a.k.a . Giorgio Dolenz and George Dolentz ; 5 January 1908 -- 8 February 1963 ) was an American film actor born in Trieste ( then part of Austria - Hungary , now in Italy ) , in the city 's Slovene community .
Larry Darnell ( born Leo Edward Donald ; December 21 , 1928 , Columbus , Ohio -- July 3 , 1983 , Columbus ) was a successful American singer who was instrumental in the formation of the New Orleans style of R&B in the late 1940s and early 1950s .
Zulmai Tufan was a major aligned with Ittihad - i Islami and Abdul Rasul Sayyaf and a major power in the area around Kabul , Afghanistan .
Carter Glass ( January 4 , 1858 -- May 28 , 1946 ) was a newspaper publisher and politician from Lynchburg , Virginia .
Pavel Volya ( born March 14 , 1979 in Penza ) is a Russian TV host , actor and singer .
Ángel Gallardo ( 19 November 1867 , Buenos Aires -- 13 May 1934 , Buenos Aires ) was an Argentine civil engineer , natural scientist and politician .
Bernard Barrera ( born 4 February 1962 in Marseille ) is a general from the French Army .
Hostos ( birth name : Eugenio María de Hostos y de Bonilla ) was born into a well - to - do family in Barrio `` Río Cañas '' of Mayagüez , Puerto Rico .
Istvan Szil ( born 1961 , Dombovar , Hungary ) is a visual artist who lives and works in New York City under various pseudonyms , e.g. , Istvan Szili , Istvan Szilasi . , crossingthetsdottingtheis .
Alessandro Moreschi was born into a Roman Catholic family in the town of Monte Compatri , near Frascati ( Lazio ) .
Peter Feldmann was born into a Jewish family , in Helmstedt .
Liu Guangbiao ( simplified Chinese : 刘广标 ; traditional Chinese : 劉廣標 ; pinyin : Liú Guǎngbiāo ; Cantonese : Lau4 Yim2 Biu1 ; born September 5 , 1978 in Guangzhou , Guangdong , China ) is a Chinese baseball infielder for the Guangdong Leopards .
Bernd Aldenhoff ( 14 June 1908 in Duisburg -- 8 October 1959 in München ) was a German Heldentenor .
Carla Barbarino ( Lodi , 16 May 1967 ) is an Italian former sprinter ( 400 m ) and hurdler ( 400 m hs ) .
Wu Jingui ( simplified Chinese : 吴金贵 ; traditional Chinese : 吳金貴 ; pinyin : Wú Jīnguì ; born January 10 , 1961 , in Shanghai ) is a Chinese football manager .
Xu Yunlong ( simplified Chinese : 徐云龙 ; traditional Chinese : 徐雲龍 ; pinyin : Xú Yúnlóng ; born 17 February 1979 ) is a Chinese footballer who currently plays for Beijing Guoan in the Chinese Super League .
Danka Barteková ( 19 October 1984 in Trenčín , Czechoslovakia ) is a Slovak skeet shooter .
Gianfranco Zigoni ( born November 25 , 1944 in Oderzo ) is an Italian former football forward , who was capable of playing both as a striker , or as a left winger .
Avraham Shlonsky was born to a Hasidic family in Kryukovo ( Poltava guberniya , now a part of Kremenchuk , Ukraine ) .
Marinus Heijnes ( 8 March 1888 , Amsterdam - 12 February 1963 , De Kaag ) was a Dutch impressionist artist who painted in the tradition of the Dutch Hague School .
Jeff Rich also known as `` Worzel '' ( born 8 June 1953 , Hackney , London ) is an English rock drummer , best known as a former drummer for the English rock band Status Quo .
Mark Winegardner ( born November 24 , 1961 ) is an American writer born and raised in Bryan , Ohio .
Hanna - Elisabeth Müller ( born 1985 at Mannheim ) is a German Soprano and opera , concert and recital singer .
Nikolai Kravkov was born a sixth child in the family of a non - commissioned officer Pavel Alexeyevich Kravkov ( 1826 - 1910 ) , who served as a senior clerk in the office of the Chief Enlistment Officer of the Ryazan Governorate .
Francesco Maselli or Citto Maselli ( born 9 December 1930 in Rome ) is an Italian film director and screenwriter .
Dionis Bubani was born in Bucharest , Romania , on 18 September 1926 , in former `` Turk '' street ( renamed later `` Tatra Mountains '' ) .
Magdalena Piekarska ( born 28 November 1986 in Warsaw ) is a Polish fencer .
Levent Osman ( born 8 March 1977 in Melbourne ) is an Australian football ( soccer ) player of Turkish Cypriot descent .
Mike Mentzer was born on November 15 , 1951 in Ephrata , Pennsylvania and grew up there .
He was born Otto Eisler to a Jewish family in Budapest which was then part of the Austro - Hungarian Empire .
Zacharias Kavousakis ( Greek : Ζαχαρίας Καβουσάκης , born 11 January 1989 in Heraklion , Crete ) is a professional Greek football player .
Fernando Monje Vicario ( born 7 March 1993 in Barcelona ) is a Spanish racing driver who currently competes in the World Touring Car Championship .
Philipp Lenard was born in Bratislava ( Pressburg , Kingdom of Hungary ) , on 7 June 1862 .
Ramanand Sagar was born at Asal Guru Ke near Lahore .
Zoran Milidrag ( Serbian Cyrillic : Зоран Милидраг , born 29 February 1960 in Sarajevo ) is a Bosnian football manager and former player .
Mills Gardner was born in Russellville , Ohio , the son of Seth Gardner , a captain in the War of 1812 .
Karen Forkel ( September 24 , 1970 in Wolfen ) is a German track and field athlete and an Olympic medal winner .
Robert Sycz ( born 15 November 1973 in Warsaw ) is a Polish rower , and double Olympic Champion .
Donald Kinsey ( born May 12 , 1953 , Gary , Indiana , United States ) is an American guitarist and singer , best known as a member of The Wailers Band , the reggae backing group for Bob Marley & The Wailers .
Thordis Brandt was born in Germany of Norwegian and German parents .
Joan Ramón García Castejón , Elche , ( December 17 , 1945 ) , known as Joan Castejón ( Valencian pronunciation : ( ioan castejon ) ) is a Spanish draftsman , painter and sculptor , considered one of the leading representatives of social realism in the Spanish postwar plastic renewal .
Lawrence Lozzano ( born July 25 , 1970 in Los Angeles , California ) is a former U.S. soccer player who earned seven caps with the U.S. national team .
Witold Wawrzyczek ( born 22 May 1973 in Rybnik ) is a Polish footballer who plays as a midfielder for Polish second - tier side GKS Jastrzębie .
Raymond Bruckert ( born in Biel / Bienne , Canton of Bern , on November 19 , 1935 ) is an author of Swiss novels , geography textbooks for primary education , as well as other technical and educational publications .
Josef Samek ( born November 6 , 1957 in Vrchlabí ) is a Czechoslovak ski jumper who competed from 1977 to 1984 .
Xenia Desni ( Ukrainian : Ксенія Десні. Russian : Ксения Десни ; born 19 January 1894 , Kiev - d. 27 June 1962 , France ) was a silent screen era actress born in the Russian Empire .
John Bridge was born on 5 February 1915 at Culcheth , near Warrington in Lancashire .
Mallam Yahaya ( born 31 December 1974 in Kumasi ) is a Ghanaian International footballer who currently plays for Amicitia Viernheim in Germany .
Xia Jin ( Chinese : 夏金 ; born 14 February 1985 in Chongqing ) is a Chinese football player who currently plays for China League One side Guizhou Zhicheng .
Camaldine Abraw ( born 15 August 1990 in Lomé ) is a Togolese footballer who is currently playing for the Kaizer Chiefs in the South African Premier Soccer League .
Diedre Murray ( born November 28 , 1951 , Brooklyn , New York ) is an American cellist and composer specializing in jazz , improvised music , opera , and contemporary classical music .
Yuriy Dyachuk - Stavytskyi ( Ukrainian : Юрій Михайлович Дячук-Ставицький ; born January 26 , 1947 , in Lviv , Ukrainian SSR ) is currently a sport - director of FC Karpaty Lviv .
Christine Schürrer ( born June 30 , 1976 in Hanover ) is a German citizen who was convicted of murdering two Swedish children , and seriously injuring their mother with 15 blows to the head with a hammer , after attacking them in their home in Arboga , Sweden , on March 17 , 2008 .
Guy Van Waas ( Brussels , 1948 ) is a Belgian conductor , clarinetist and organist .
Amy M. Homes ( pen name A. M. Homes ; born December 18 , 1961 , Washington , D.C. ) is an American writer .
Aart Staartjes was born in Nieuwendam , a neighbourhood of Amsterdam - Noord .
Michele Pasinato ( born March 13 , 1969 in Cittadella , Province of Padua ) is a former Italian volleyball player , who earned a total number of 256 caps for the Men 's National Team in the 1990s .
Achille Vertunni ( Naples , March 1826 -- ? ) was an Italian painter .
Heinrich Fritsch ( 5 December 1844 -- 12 May 1915 ) was a German gynecologist and obstetrician who was a native of Halle an der Saale .
Peter Cory Pankey , Jr. ( born June 22 , 1987 ) , better known by his stage name Cory Gunz , is an American rapper from The Bronx , New York City , New York .
János Fürst originally studied the violin at the Franz Liszt Academy of Music in his native Budapest .
Keith Ronald Graf von Rothenburg Kernspecht , better known as Keith R. Kernspecht ( born 28 June 1945 in Grömitz ) , is a German martial artist and entrepreneur .
Stephanus Le Roux Marais ( born 1896 , Bloemfontein district , Orange Free State , South Africa , died 25 May 1979 , Graaff - Reinet ) was a South African composer .
Marie - Pier Boudreau Gagnon ( born March 3 , 1983 in Rivière - du - Loup , Quebec ) is a Canadian synchronized swimmer and four times Commonwealth Games gold medalist .
Stanton Forbes ( born July 10 , 1923 ) is an American writer , born in Kansas City , Missouri .
April Gornik ( born 1953 , Cleveland , Ohio ) is an American artist who paints American landscapes .
Tunde Baiyewu was born in London , but moved to Nigeria at the age of five after the death of his father .
Arthur Mannering Tyndall , CBE , FRS , LLD ( 18 September 1881 -- 29 October 1961 ) was an English physicist from Bristol , England .
Jacqueline Susann was born in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania to Robert Susann , a portrait painter , and Rose Jans , a schoolteacher .
Georg Hesler was born in Würzburg in 1427 , the second son of commoners Hans and Agatha Hesler .
Laurens de Haan ( born January 15 , 1937 ) is a Dutch economist and Emeritus Professor of Probability and Mathematical Statistics at the Erasmus University Rotterdam , specializing in extreme value theory .
Philipp Stölzl , born 1967 in Munich , is a German film director , opera director and screenwriter .
Abdullah Öcalan was born in Ömerli , a village in Halfeti , Şanlıurfa Province in eastern Turkey .
Drew Remenda ( born April 13 , 1962 in Saskatoon , Saskatchewan ) is a Canadian former hockey coach , radio broadcaster , and television hockey analyst .
Vagnur Mohr Mortensen ( born 10 February 1973 ) is a Faroese retired footballer who played for HB Tórshavn .
Antonella Bevilacqua ( born 15 October 1971 in Foggia ) is an Italian high jumper , whose personal best jump was 1.98 metres , achieved in May 1996 in Milan .
Giovanni Grazioli ( Robbio , 9 March 1959 ) is an Italian sprinter .
Kolohe Andino ( born March 22 , 1994 in San Clemente , California ) is an American surfer .
Dustin Yellin ( born July 22 , 1975 in Los Angeles , California ) is a contemporary artist living in Brooklyn , New York .
Zhang Jigang was born in the ancient Chinese city of Yuci located in the Shanxi Province .
Elisabeth Mooij , also known as Elisabeth Ghijben ( Amsterdam , 1712 -- Amsterdam , 1759 ) , was a Dutch actress .
Alex Hunter ( 27 September 1895 -- January 1984 ) was a Scottish professional footballer who played for Renfrew Juniors , Queens Park , Tottenham Hotspur , Wigan Borough and New Bedford Whalers .
Gustav Heinrich Ernst Martin Wilhelm Furtwängler was born in Schöneberg ( now a locality of Berlin ) into a prominent family .
Mushaf Ali Mir was born in Lahore , and was one of nine children of a middle class Kashmiri family of Shia Muslim origin .
Colin Campbell Cooper , Jr. ( March 8 , 1856 -- November 6 , 1937 ) was an American Impressionist painter , perhaps most renowned for his architectural paintings , especially of skyscrapers in New York City , Philadelphia , and Chicago .
Daddae ( born Phillip Harvey , 28 February 1964 , London , England ) is a British guitarist , percussionist and keyboardist formerly with Soul II Soul .
Naím Thomas Mansilla ( born in Premià de Mar , Barcelona , 16 October 1980 ) is a Spanish singer and actor .
Ernst Strohschneider was born on 6 September 1886 in Aussig an der Elbe ( present day Ústí nad Labem ) , Czech Republic .
Zinaida Ignatyeva ( Russian : Зинаи́да Игна́тьева ; born 1938 in Moscow ; also spelled Zinaida Ignatieva ) is a Russian pianist .
Piero Ceccarini ( born October 20 , 1953 in Livorno ) is a retired Italian football referee .
Aida Mohamed ( born 12 March 1976 in Budapest ) is a Hungarian foil fencer , silver medallist at the 1993 World Championships and team gold medallist at the 2007 European Championships .
Luis Ovsejevich ( Buenos Aires , born September 13 , 1941 ) is an Argentine lawyer and businessman , founder and president of the Konex Foundation , from its creation in 1980 .
Lorenzo Bernucci ( born 15 September 1979 in Sarzana ) is an Italian professional road bicycle racer who is currently serving a suspension .
Arthur Portelance ( born 19 March 1928 in Montreal , Quebec ; died 27 November 2008 ) was a Liberal party member of the Canadian House of Commons .
Davide Esposito is an Italian singer and songwriter from Naples .
Oskar Reinhart ( 11 June 1885 -- 16 September 1965 ) was a Swiss arts patron and art collector , born in Winterthur .
He was born in Kinloch House , near Collessie in Fife the son of Charles Kinnear a banker in the family firm of Thomas Kinnear & Co. His mother was Christian Jane Greenshields , a rich heiress .
Oscar Shumsky ( March 23 , 1917 in Philadelphia -- July 24 , 2000 in Rye , New York ) was an American violinist and conductor born to Russian - Jewish parents .
Tony Bignell ( born 16 November 1989 , Luton , Bedfordshire ) is an English actor and singer , best known for playing Matt in BBC Three sitcom Coming of Age .
Mark Grimsley ( born October 8 , 1959 , Ahoskie , North Carolina , United States ) is an American professor of History at Ohio State University .
Jaromír Jermář ( born 2 October 1956 in Prague ) is a Czech historian and politician .
Jill Godmilow was born outside Philadelphia in 1943 .
Rudi Vata ( born 13 February 1969 in Shkodër ) is a former Albanian footballer who played as a defender , and had also a short stint as a manager of Albanian team KS Vllaznia Shkoder .
Mahmood Abdulrahman ( Arabic : محمود عبد الرحمن ; born 1984 in Muharraq ) , also known as Ringo , is a Bahraini footballer .
Jovan Šarčević ( Serbian Cyrillic : Joвaн Шapчeвић ; born January 7 , 1966 in Zrenjanin ) was a retired Serbian football player .
Amadou Hampâté Bâ was born to an aristocratic Fula family in Bandiagara , the largest city in Dogon territory and the capital of the precolonial Masina Empire .
Daniela Graglia ( Fossano , 26 May 1976 ) is a former Italian sprinter and middle distance runner .
Helen Fisher Frye ( June 24 , 1918-November 26 , 2014 ) , educator and active churchwoman , was a local leader for civil rights in her hometown of Danville , Kentucky , serving as the president of the Danville chapter of the NAACP .
Bogdan Marjanović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Бoгдaн Mapjaнoвић ; born 3 November 1980 in Ćuprija ) is a Serbian footballer currently playing for FK Napredak Kruševac in the Serbian First League .
Tommaso de Aleni ( early 16th century ) ( also called Il Fadino ) , was an Italian painter of the Renaissance period , active in his native Cremona .
James Atlas ( born 1949 ) , Evanston , Illinois the president of Atlas & Company , publishers , and founding editor of the Penguin Lives Series .
Didier Chrispeels ( born 26 February 1958 ) , better known as Crisse , is a Belgian comic - strip artist from Brussels .
Mira Żelechower - Aleksiun ( born 26 March 1941 in Millerovo ) is a Polish painter of Jewish descent .
Vavřinec Hradilek ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈvavr̝ɪnɛts ˈɦraɟɪlɛk ) ; born 10 March 1987 in Zbuzany ) is a Czech slalom canoeist who has competed since 1997 .
José Manuel Abascal Gómez ( born March 17 , 1958 in Alceda , Cantabria ) was a Spanish 1500 metres runner .
Matteo Messina Denaro was born into the Denaro Family ( a well - known mafia family ) in Castelvetrano in the province of Trapani , Sicily .
Franz Betz was born in Mainz and trained as a singer in Karlsruhe .
Susan Mogul ( born 1949 ) is an American artist primarily known for her work in video art . She also works in photography , installation art , and performance art . Originally from New York City , she currently lives and works in Los Angeles , CA .
Yevgeniy Ektov ( born 1 September 1986 in Petropavl ) is a Kazakhstani track and field athlete who competes in the triple jump .
Rajko Janjanin ( Serbian Cyrillic : Pajкo Jaњaнин ; born on January 18 , 1957 in Karlovac ) is a former Croatian - born Serbian football player .
Saint Jutta , T.O.S.F. , ( English : Judith ) or Jutta of Kulmsee or Jutta of Sangerhausen or Jutta of Thuringia was born ca .
Karel Dujardin was a Dutch painter and etcher , born in Amsterdam in 1622 .
Linnea Sinclair ( 1954 , New Jersey , United States ) is an American writer of Science Fiction Romance , Fantasy romance and Paranormal romance .
Djamila Boupacha ( 9 February 1938 , Bologhine - ) is a former militant from the Algerian National Liberation Front .
Will Weaver , ( born William Weller in Park Rapids , Minnesota in 1950 ) , is an American author .
Servant of God Archbishop Jan Cieplak ( born 17 August 1857 in Dąbrowa Górnicza - 17 February 1926 in Passaic , New Jersey ) was a Polish Roman Catholic priest and bishop .
Joseph Fort Newton was born in Decatur , Texas , the son of a Baptist minister turned attorney .
Ruben Santiago - Hudson was born in 1956 in Lackawanna , New York , the son of Alean Hudson and Ruben Santiago , a railroad worker .
Dr. Gábor Tamás Nagy ( born October 8 , 1960 ) is a Hungarian jurist and politician , current Mayor of Budavár ( 1st district of Budapest ) since 1998 .
Ananda Ranga Pillai was born to a merchant named Tiruvengada Pillai on 30 March 1709 in the village of Perambur on the outskirts of Madras .
Shane Withington ( born 22 August 1958 in Toowoomba , Queensland ) is an Australian actor best known for playing surf live guard John Palmer in Home and Away on the Seven network .
Jasha Sütterlin ( born November 4 , 1992 in Freiburg i m Breisgau ) is a German cyclist .
Neal Horgan ( born 29 November 1979 , in San Francisco ) is a professional footballer who has played for some years for Cork City in the League of Ireland Premier Division .
Jean Pierre Lefebvre ( born 17 August 1941 in Montreal , Quebec ) is a French Canadian filmmaker .
Rosemary Dobson was born in Sydney , the second daughter of English - born A.A.G. ( Arthur ) Dobson and Marjorie ( née Caldwell ) .
Joseph Beuys was born in Krefeld , the son of the merchant Josef Jakob Beuys ( 1888 - -1958 ) and Johanna Maria Margarete Beuys ( born Hülsermann , 1889 - -1974 ) .
Of ethnic Romanian and lower - middle - class origins , Gherman Pântea was born on May 13 , 1894 , in the northern Bessarabian village of Zăicani ; he was one of several children born to lawyer Vasile Pântea and his wife Ioana .
Adopted at birth , Tom Bee was born and raised in the reservation border town of Gallup , New Mexico .
Julio Enrique Monagas ( ca . 1900 - 14 July 1984 ) , born in Ponce , Puerto Rico , is considered the father of Olympic sports in Puerto Rico .
Bella Akhmadulina was born in Moscow on 10 April 1937 , the only child of a Tatar father and a Russian - Italian mother .
Howard E. Bigelow ( 1923 - -1987 ) was an American mycologist , born in 1923 in Greenfield , Massachusetts and died in 1987 .
Frank Fetter was born in Peru , Indiana to a Quaker family during the height of the American Civil War .
Timo Salminen ( July 11 , 1952 in Helsinki ) is a Finnish cinematographer best known for his artistic work in Aki Kaurismäki 's films .
Charles Ezra Greene ( 1842 - -1903 ) was an American civil engineer , born in Cambridge , Massachusetts .
In 1828 an anonymous letter to The Scotsman related that a friend of the writer had been a significant landowner in Ayrshire and that Robert Burns had been a frequent visitor to his kitchen and had written many songs about Nelly Blair , a servant in the house .
Salam Fayyad was born in Deir al - Ghusun in northern West Bank on 2 April 1952 .
Joe Craig ( born 31 December 1981 in London ) is an English writer , children 's novelist and musician .
Susan Fenimore Cooper was born in 1813 in Scarsdale , New York , the daughter of the novelist James Fenimore Cooper and his wife Susan Augusta DeLancey .
Austin Phelps was born in was born at West Brookfield , Massachusetts .
Sarah Lindsay ( born 1958 ) is an American poet from Cedar Rapids , Iowa .
Ayesha Rubina ( عائشہ روبینہ ; born 1969 ) is an educationist , social entrepreneur , social worker and co - opted member of Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation ( GHMC ) .
Conan Lee was born in Hong Kong ( 1959 ) , but grew up in Queens , New York as Lloyd Hutchinson .
Glen Berry ( born 21 April 1978 , Romford ) is a retired British actor .
Kim Bauermeister ( born 20 November 1970 in Stuttgart ) is a retired German runner who specialized in the 3000 metres steeplechase .
Toki Wright ( born 1980 ) is an American rapper , organizer , and educator from Minneapolis , Minnesota .
Tigran Hekekyan ( born 17 August,1959 ) is an Armenian professor of music at Yerevan State Conservatory and a conductor .
Born in Belém , Pará , Yago Pikachu joined Paysandu 's youth setup in 2005 at the age of 13 , after starting it out at Tuna Luso .
Karma Lingpa was embodied in southeast Tibet as the eldest son of Nyida Sanggyé , the great Vajrayana practitioner .
Joshua Jeays was born in 1812 in Leicestershire , England . , and died in Brisbane in 1881 , at the age of 69 .
Boris Spiegel ( born 18 February 1953 in Khmelnytskyi , Ukraine ) ( Russian : Бори́с Исаа́кович Шпи́гель ) is a Russian politician and businessman .
Denis McQuade ( born 6 January 1951 in Glasgow ) is a Scottish former footballer , who played for Partick Thistle , Hearts and Hamilton .
Martti Aljand ( born 22 November 1987 in Tallinn ) is an Estonian individual medley and breaststroke swimmer .
Harold Gray was born in Kankakee , Illinois on January 20 , 1894 , to Estella Mary ( née Rosencrans ) and Ira Lincoln Gray , a farmer .
Marina Goglidze - Mdivani ( Georgian : მარინა გოგლიძე-მდივანი ; born October 6 , 1936 in Tbilisi , Georgian SSR , USSR ) is Soviet and Canadian virtuoso pianist of Georgian descent .
Frazer Irving ( born in the 1970s , Ilford , Essex ) is a British comic book artist known for the 2000 AD series Necronauts .
Markus Schmidt - Märkl ( born 1959 in Homburg ) is a German television director .
Evelyn Temple Emmett was born in Launceston on 18 May 1871 and grew up on the farm of his father , Skelton Emmett , in the village of Forest , within sight of The Nut at Stanley in Tasmania 's north - west .
Joseph Low ( born in Coraopolis , Pennsylvania in 1911 , died in Edgartown , Massachusetts on February 12 , 2007 ) was an American artist and children 's book illustrator .
Chris Burkard ( born March 12 , 1986 in San Luis Obispo , California ) is an American self - taught photographer and artist , based in California Central Coast region .
Melanie Durrant ( born in Toronto ) is a Canadian urban contemporary - style singer .
Igor Gjuzelov or Igor Đuzelov ( Macedonian : Игор Ѓузелов ) ( born 2 April 1976 in Strumica ) is a retired Macedonian professional football player .
Jane K. Cleland was born in Boston and reared in Newton , Massachusetts , graduating from Newton High School .
Dmitry Sitkovetsky was born in Baku , Azerbaijan , to violinist Julian Sitkovetsky and pianist Bella Davidovich .
Jiří Bartoška ( born March 24 , 1947 in Děčín ) is a Czech actor and the president of the Karlovy Vary International Film Festival .
Arthur Jerome Eddy ( November 5 , 1859 in Flint , Michigan- July 21 , 1920 in New York City , New York ) was an American lawyer , author , art collector , and art critic .
Marshall Field was born on a farm in Conway , Franklin County , Massachusetts , the son of John Field IV and wife Fidelia Nash .
Jada Rowland ( born February 23 , 1943 on Staten Island , New York City ) is an American actress and illustrator .
The son of a historian , Laurent Binet was born in Paris .
Lawrence Funderburke was born and raised in Columbus , Ohio , where he played high school basketball .
Karl Badberger ( January 14 , 1888 in Munich -- ? ? ) was a German architect .
CJ Gibson ( born November 30 , 1983 in Clearwater , Florida ) is an American model and actress of Filipino and Italian descent .
Tadeusz Ślusarski ( 19 May 1950 in Żary -- 17 August 1998 on the E65 road near Ostromice ) was a Polish Olympic gold medalist in pole vault at the 1976 Olympics , as well as a silver medalist at the 1980 Olympics ( behind another Polish champion Władysław Kozakiewicz ) .
Henry Grinnell ( February 18 , 1799 in New Bedford , Massachusetts -- June 30 , 1874 ) was an American merchant and philanthropist .
Eric Geboers ( born August 5 , 1962 in Neerpelt , Limburg ) is a Belgian former professional motocross racer and racing driver .
Aggeliki Tsiolakoudi ( Greek : Αγγελική Τσιολακούδη , ( aɟeliˈci tsjolaˈkuði ) , born 10 May 1976 in Alexandria , Egypt ) is a Greek javelin thrower .
Amy Sarkisian ( born 1969 in Cleveland , Ohio , U.S. ) is a contemporary artist living and working in Los Angeles , California .
Qiao Wei ( Chinese : 乔巍 ; born 20 July 1987 in Luoyang , Henan ) is a Chinese football player .
Paul Koech ( born 31 December 1969 in Uasin Gishu District ) is a Kenyan distance and marathon runner .
Eric W. Sawyer or Eric Sawyer ( born June 2 , 1962 in Brookhaven , New York ) is an American orchestral composer , pianist and professor of music at Amherst College .
Tess Gaerthé ( born 21 August 1991 in Amsterdam ) , performing as Tess , was the Dutch representative at the 3rd Junior Eurovision Song Contest in 2005 .
Yang Lei ( simplified Chinese : 阳蕾 ; traditional Chinese : 陽蕾 ; pinyin : Yáng Lěi ; born October 12 , 1984 in Chongqing ) , also known as Shinee Lee , is a Chinese pop singer and actress who achieved instant fame when she won the nationwide singing contest Super Girl in 2006 .
Chandra Bhushan Singh , also as Munnoo Babu ( born 14 October 1944 ) is an Indian politician who was a member of the 13th and 14th Lok Sabhas for Farrukhabad in Uttar Pradesh .
T. M. Gray ( born November 23 , 1963 in Bar Harbor , Maine ) is an American horror author of many short stories , several novels and a nonfiction book on ghost hunting .
Vincent Kok Tak - Chiu ( born 15 August 1965 ) is a Hong Kong actor , scriptwriter and film director .
Wang Ching - feng ( Chinese : 王清峰 ; pinyin : Wáng Qīngfēng ; Pe̍h - ōe - jī : Ông Chheng - hong ; born January 1 , 1952 in Tainan City ) is a Taiwanese lawyer and politician .
Michelle Rojas ( born December 16 , 1987 ) is an American voice actress affiliated with Funimation from Dallas , Texas .
Johan Andreas Holvik ( Howard , South Dakota , May 19 , 1880 - November 25 , 1960 ) was a Norwegian - American author and a professor at Concordia College in Moorhead , Minnesota .
Rodger Brulotte ( Born January 4 , 1947 in Montreal ) is a Major League Baseball broadcaster .
Adriaan van den Spiegel ( or Spieghel ) , name sometimes written as Adrianus Spigelius , ( 1578 -- 7 April 1625 ) was a Flemish anatomist born in Brussels .
Ramon Fernández Vidal , known as Moncho Fernández ( born 19 September 1969 in Santiago de Compostela ) , is a Spanish basketball manager and the current coach of Rio Natura Monbus Obradoiro of the Liga ACB .
Windsor Davies ( born 28 August 1930 in Canning Town , West Ham , Essex ) is a British actor who is best known for playing the part of Battery Sergeant Major Williams in the British sitcom It Ai n't Half Hot Mum ( 1974 - -81 ) .
Matt Hires ( born August 5 , 1985 ) is an American singer - songwriter from Tampa , Florida .
Mike Heidorn , born 1967 in Belleville , Illinois , is the former drummer and founding member of alternative country bands Uncle Tupelo and Son Volt .
Ekin Cheng is a Hong Kong actor and Cantopop singer .
Sudha Pennathur ( born in Chennai , India ) is an Indian jewellery designer and entrepreneur .
Lucas Michel Mendes ( born 3 July 1990 in Curitiba , Paraná ) , more commonly known as Lucas Mendes , is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a left back but can also play as centre back for Qatari club El Jaish .
Michael Kitzelmann ( born January 29 , 1916 in Horben , part of Gestratz , Westallgäu , Bavaria ; died June 11 , 1942 in Orel Prison ) was a lieutenant in the German Army during World War II , who was executed for undermining military strength .
Winand Wigger was born in New York City to John Joseph and Elizabeth ( née Strucke ) Wigger , who immigrated to the United States from Westphalia in the late 1830s .
Dariusz Białkowski ( born July 16 , 1970 in Białogard ) is a Polish sprint canoer who competed from the early 1990s to the early 2000s ( decade ) .
Johann Ludwig Wilhelm Thudichum , also known as John Louis William Thudichum ( August 27 , 1829 , Büdingen -- September 7 , 1901 ) was a German - born physician and biochemist .
Serse Coppi ( 19 March 1923 -- 29 June 1951 ) was an Italian professional road racing cyclist born in Castellania .
Regina Rakhimova ( born September 22 , 1988 in Chusovoy ) is a Russian freestyle skier , specializing in Moguls .
Albert Huffstickler was born in Laredo , Texas , surviving a twin who died at birth .
( Louis Charles Joseph ) Gaston de Saporta born in the Château de Montvert in Saint - Zacharie , Var , on July 28 , 1823 .
Luke Mitrani ( born July 20 , 1990 in New York City ) is a professional snowboarder .
Jan Těsnohlídek ( * April 11 , 1987 , Havlíčkův Brod , Czechoslovakia ) is a Czech poet and editor .
Hardi Volmer ( born November 8 , 1957 in Pärnu ) is an Estonian film director , puppet theatre set decorator and musician .
Colette Flesch ( born 16 April 1937 in Dudelange ) is a Luxembourgish politician and former fencer .
Coelho Neto was born in the city of Caxias , Maranhão , on February 21 , 1864 .
Maritza Sayalero ( born February 16 , 1961 in Caracas ) is a Venezuelan beauty queen and businesswoman .
James H. Evans ( born 1954 in West Virginia ) is an American photographer .
Pierre de Jarric ( 1566 -- 2 March 1617 ) was a French Catholic missionary writer from Toulouse .
Orlando Trustfull ( born 4 August 1970 in Amsterdam ) is a Dutch football manager and a former professional player .
Hiten Barman , son of Maneswar and Rajabala Barman , was born on 21 June 1950 at Gopalpur in Cooch Behar district .
Gaylon Alcaraz ( born October 26 , 1970 ) is a community organizer and human rights activist in Chicago , Illinois .
Born in the Ethiopian capital of Addis Ababa , Atsede Habtamu 's first appearances at elite level came about after a performance at the Ethiopian 20 km trials for the 2007 IAAF World Road Running Championships .
Jean Antoine Arthur Gris ( December 11 , 1829 - August 19 , 1872 ) was a French botanist who was a native of Châtillon - sur - Seine , in the department of Côte - d'Or .
Yulia Lytvynenko ( Ukrainian : Юлія Литвиненко , borth 7 November 1976 in Inhulets ) , is a Ukrainian television host from Kryvyi Rih , Dnipropetrovsk Oblast .
Karen Morris - Gowdy ( born January 20 , 1956 in Cheyenne , Wyoming ) is an American actress , best known for her role as Dr. Faith Coleridge Desmond # 4 on Ryan 's Hope , a role she played from 1978 to 1984 and again in 1989 .
Daniel Lindström ( born January 30 , 1978 ) is a Swedish singer from Umeå who won the Swedish Idol 2004 contest against Darin Zanyar .
Aidamir Mugu ( Adyghe and Russian : Айдамир Мугу ) , born 17 April 1990 , Maykop , Adygea , USSR ; is a Russian Adyghe singer .
Born in Zapala , Neuquén Province , Jorge Sapag is a member of a prominent family in the politics of Neuquén Province .
Hippocrates of Kos ( /hɪˈpɒkrəˌtiːz/ ; Greek : Ἱπποκράτης ; Hippokrátēs ; c. 460 -- c. 370 BC ) , also known as Hippocrates II , was a Greek physician of the Age of Pericles ( Classical Greece ) , and is considered one of the most outstanding figures in the history of medicine .
Paula Toller ( born on August 23 , 1962 in Rio de Janeiro ) is a Brazilian singer and songwriter .
Karen Steele was born in Honolulu , Hawaii , to Percy Davis Steele , a Bostonian of English descent and a career Marine who in 1956 was named assistant administrator of the Marshall Islands .
Lars Arvid Nilsen ( born 15 April 1965 in Notodden ) is a retired Norwegian shot putter .
Marco Höger ( born 16 September 1989 in Cologne ) is a German professional footballer who plays as a midfielder or right back for Schalke 04 in the Bundesliga .
Marie Arana ( born Lima , Peru ) is an author , editor , journalist , and member of the Scholars Council at the Library of Congress .
Manto Mavrogenous was born in Trieste , then in the Austrian Empire , now part of Italy .
Sophie Béjean ( born 22 June 1964 , Grenoble ) is a French university president .
Tom Wallisch ( born July 22 , 1987 in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania ) is a professional freeskier .
Methuen was born as Algernon Methuen Marshall Stedman in London , the third son of John Buck Stedman , FRCS , and Jane Elizabeth née Marshall .
Laurens Prins known in English as Lawrence Prince ( c. 1630s , Amsterdam - unknown ) was a 17th - century Dutch buccaneer and an officer under Captain Sir Henry Morgan .
Olli Muotka ( born 14 July 1988 in Rovaniemi ) is a Finnish ski jumper and former Nordic combined athlete .
Jeremy Sams ( born 12 January 1957 , in London , England ) is a British theatre director , writer , translator , orchestrator , musical director , film composer , and lyricist .
Kamil Grosicki ( Polish pronunciation : ( ˈkamil ɡrɔˈɕit͡skʲi ) ; born 8 June 1988 in Szczecin ) is a Polish footballer who plays as a winger for Stade Rennais in the French Ligue 1 .
Giorgi Dekanosidze ( Georgian : გიორგი დეკანოსიძე ; born 2 January 1981 in Tbilisi ) is a retired Georgian professional football Midfielder , who last recently played for Kolkheti-1913 Poti .
Assunta Legnante ( born 14 May 1978 in Naples ) is a visually impaired Italian shot putter .
Hu Zhijun played for Guangzhou Apollo , Guangzhou Songri , Shanghai Shenhua and Shanghai Cosco throughout his professional career .
Benoît Puga ( born in Saint - Mandé , 30 January 1953 ) is a French général d'armée .
Jacques Rouvier ( born 18 January 1947 in Marseille ) is a French pianist .
Huldrych Zwingli was born on 1 January 1484 in Wildhaus , in the Toggenburg valley of Switzerland , to a family of farmers , the third child of nine .
Rüdiger Ziehl ( born October 26 , 1977 in Zweibrücken ) is a German football manager and former footballer .
John Amplas ( born June 23 , 1949 in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania ) is an American actor known primarily for his work with director George A. Romero .
Scott Van Pelt was born in Brookeville , Maryland , and grew up in the Washington , D.C. , area .
William J. Tobin was raised in a City Assisted Housing Project in New York City .
Enrique Corrales Martín ( born 1 March 1982 in Seville , Andalusia ) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Bolivian club Sport Boys Warnes as a left back .
Helen Kendrick Johnson was born in Hamilton , New York to her father , Asahel Clark Kendrick a professor in Greek at University of Rochester and mother Anne Elizabeth Kendrick ( born Hopkins ) who died in 1851 after the birth of Helen 's third sister .
Born in Niles , Michigan , Ring Lardner was the son of wealthy parents , Henry and Lena Phillips Lardner .
Findlay Weir ( born 18 April 1889 in Glasgow -- died 9 July 1918 ) was a professional footballer who played for clubs including Maryhill , Sheffield Wednesday and Tottenham Hotspur .
Jorge Colaço ( Tangier , 1868 - Oeiras , 1942 ) was a Portuguese painter specially known for his works as tile ( azulejo ) painter .
Georg Holzer ( born 1957 in Vienna ) is an Austrian Slavist and Indo - Europeanist .
Salvatore Capezio was born April 13 , 1871 in Muro Lucano , in the province of Potenza .
Jang Dong - gun spent his childhood in Yongsan District , Seoul , and later went on to study at the Korea National University of Arts School of Drama , though he dropped out before obtaining a degree .
Eva Adams was born in Wonder , Nevada on September 10 , 1908 , the daughter of Verner Laur Adams and his wife Cora ( Varble ) Adams .
Ritu Beri ( Hindi : रितु बेरी ) ( Punjabi : ਰਿਤੂ ਬੇਰੀ ) is a New Delhi based International fashion designer .
Norberto Piñero was born to a landed family in the Province of Buenos Aires , in 1858 .
Sylvio Breleur(born 13 October 1978 in Cayenne ) is a French Guyana football player who plays for RFC Tournai in Belgium .
Stefano De Luigi ( Cologne , 1964 ) is an Italian photographer .
Cristina Cini ( born July 11 , 1969 ) , of Florence , Tuscany , is the only Italian woman assistant referee in the Italian professional European football league .
Wolfgang Kramer ( born 29 June 1942 in Stuttgart ) is a German board game designer .
Dario Pozzo ( Verona , 1592 - 1652 ) was an Italian painter of the late - Renaissance in Verona .
Born in Eau Claire , Wisconsin , Blystone 's full name was William Stanley Blystone .
Faruk Kulenović ( born 23 February 1952 in Zagreb , Croatia , FPR Yugoslavia ) is an ex - Yugoslav , Croatian - Bosnian professional basketball coach .
Johannes Agnoli ( February 22 , 1925 in Valle di Cadore , Eastern Dolomites -- May 4 , 2003 in San Quirico di Moriano near Lucca ) was a German - Italian Marxist political scientist , though he rejected the label Marxist , preferring instead - somewhat ironically - to call himself an Agnolist .
Tahar Lamri , ( born 1958 , in Algiers ) is an Algerian writer .
Rona Barrett ( born Rona Burstein , October 8 , 1936 , in New York City ) is an American gossip columnist and businesswoman .
Thomas Humber was born in Andrew Street , Brightside , Sheffield on 16 October 1841 the son of Samuel Humber , a tailor , and his wife Lucy née Turton .
Julian May grew up in Elmwood Park , Illinois , a suburb of Chicago , the oldest of four children .
Constance Heaven , née Constance Fecher ( 6 August 1911 in London , England , UK -- 1995 ) was a British writer of romance novels , under her maiden name , her married name and under the pseudonym Christina Merlin .
Derwent Coleridge was born at Keswick , Cumberland , 14 Sept. 1800 ( Derwent Water is not far away ) .
Company Havildar Major Piru Singh Shekhawat was born on 20 May 1918 in Sikar Rajasthan in a great Rajput military family having a long tradition of service in the Rajputana Rifles .
Petr Šálek , MFA , QEP ( born 1948 in Prague , Czechoslovakia ) is a Czech photographer .
Yordan Petkov ( Bulgarian : Йордан Петков ) ( born 11 March 1976 in Veliko Tarnovo ) is a former Bulgarian football defender and currently assistant coach of Slavia Sofia under Martin Kushev .
David Yow ( born August 2 , 1960 ) is an American musician , author and illustrator born in Las Vegas , Nevada and best known as the vocalist for the noise rock bands Scratch Acid and The Jesus Lizard .
Manik Sarkar ( Bengali : মাণিক সরকার Bengali Pronunciation : Manik Shôrkar ; born 22 January 1949 ) is an Indian politician who has been Chief Minister of Tripura since March 1998 .
Mariana Rondón ( Barquisimeto , Lara state , 1966 ) is a Venezuelan cinema director , screenwriter , producer and visual artist .
Aurelian Cosmin Olăroiu ( born 10 June 1969 in Bucharest ) is a Romanian football manager and former player .
Ron Backes ( born 19 February 1963 in St. Cloud , Minnesota ) is an American retired shot putter .
Zaur Gurbanli ( Azerbaijani : Zaur Qurbanlı , born on January 12 , 1987 , Baku ) - is a youth activist , co - founder and ex - board member of N !
Anita Pádár ( born 30 March 1979 in Karcag ) is a Hungarian football midfielder , currently playing for MTK in Noi NB I. She is a member of the Hungarian national team .
Paula Contreras Márquez ( Aldea de Los Zapateros , Córdoba , Andalusia , 8 January 1911 -- Puerto Real , Cádiz , 3 February 2008 ) was a novelist and author of short stories and tales .
Shirkuh was invited back into Egypt by the Fatimid Caliph Al-'Āḍid in 1167 , to help defeat the Crusaders who were attacking Cairo .
Samuel H. Huntington ( October 4 , 1765 -- June 8 , 1817 ) was an American jurist who was the third Governor of Ohio from 1808 to 1810 .
David Chillingworth ( born 23 June 1951 ) is an Anglican bishop .
Bennett Ratliff ( born August 18 , 1961 ) is a civil engineer and small business owner in Coppell , Texas , and served as a Republican member of the Texas House of Representatives from District 115 in Dallas County in the 83rd Session .
Carlo Antonio Dal Pozzo ( 1547 - -1607 ) was an Italian prelate , who was archbishop metropolitan of the Pisa Diocese .
Armand Bois was a politician in Quebec , Canada and a Member of the National Assembly of Quebec ( MNA ) .
Roy Mason , Baron Mason of Barnsley , PC , DL ( 18 April 1924 -- 19 April 2015 ) was a British Labour politician and former Cabinet minister who was Secretary of State for Defence and Secretary of State for Northern Ireland in the late 1970s .
Denver Dickerson ( April 23 , 1914 -- July 19 , 1981 ) was Speaker of the Nevada Assembly in 1943 and served in the U.S. Army during World War II . He was appointed Secretary of Guam in 1963 by U.S. President John F. Kennedy .
Herman Willem Daendels ( 21 October 1762 -- 2 May 1818 ) was a Dutch politician who served as the 36th Governor General of the Dutch East Indies between 1808 and 1811 .
Giorgio Crescentini ( born 8 March 1950 ) is a former Captain Regent of San Marino and a retired San Marinese footballer who heads the San Marino Football Federation .
Robert Weldon Russell , III , known as Weldon Russell ( born 1946 ) , is a Democrat former member of the Louisiana House of Representatives who served from District 72 between 1984 and 1988 during the third administration of Governor Edwin Washington Edwards .
Usermaatre Osorkon IV was an ancient Egyptian pharaoh during the late Third Intermediate Period .
Giuseppe Mani ( born 21 June 1936 ) is an Italian Roman Catholic archbishop , who served as Archbishop of Cagliari from 2003 to 2012 .
Jānis Bulis ( born 17 August 1950 in Briģi parish , Ludza Municipality ) is a Roman Catholic bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Rēzekne - Aglona .
Richard Lynn Hardcastle , known as Rick Hardcastle ( born April 6 , 1956 ) , is a businessman and rancher from Vernon , Texas , who is a Republican former member of the Texas House of Representatives from District 68 in the eastern South Plains .
Anna Moeller is a member of the Illinois House of Representatives who was sworn in March 31 , 2014 to replace Keith Farnham , who resigned on March 19 , 2014 .
Virgilio Barco Vargas ( 17 September 1921 -- 20 May 1997 ) was the 27th President of Colombia serving from 1986 to 1990 .
Andrew Hao or Hao Jinli ( Chinese : 郝进礼 ; 1916 -- March 9 , 2011 ) was the Roman Catholic bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Xiwanzi , China .
Accepted Frewen ( 1588 - -1664 ) was a priest in the Church of England and Archbishop of York from 1660 to 1664 .
James Oscarson ( born in 1957 in Ogden , Utah ) is an American politician , member of the Republican Party , and member of the Nevada Assembly since February 4 , 2013 representing District 36 .
Gerard Clifford ( born 24 June 1941 ) is a Roman Catholic auxiliary bishop of the Archdiocese of Armagh .
Michael Kuchmiak , C.Ss . R. ( February 5 , 1923 in Obertyn , Ukraine -- August 26 , 2008 in Saskatoon , Canada ) was a bishop of the Ukrainian Greek Catholic Church and titular bishop of Agathopolis since 1988 .
Yahya ibn Muhammad ( Arabic : يحيى بن محمد‎ ) was the fifth Idrisid ruler and sultan of Morocco .
Silvana Tabares is a member of the Illinois House of Representatives representing the 21st district since first being sworn into office in January 2013 .
William Green Miller ( born August 15 , 1931 in New York City , New York ) , served as the United States Ambassador to Ukraine under Bill Clinton , from 1993 to 1998 .
Marianus Scotus of Regensburg , born Muiredach mac Robartaig or Muiredach McGroarty , was an Irish abbot and scribe .
J. C. Neville was a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly and Mayor of Green Bay , Wisconsin .
Marlene Cowling ( born 26 August 1941 in Dauphin , Manitoba ) was a member of the House of Commons of Canada from 1993 to 1997 in the Dauphin--
Julius Raab ( 29 November 1891 -- 8 January 1964 ) was a conservative Austrian politician , who served as Federal Chancellor of Austria from 1953 to 1961 .
Nikolaos Plastiras ( Greek : Νικόλαος Πλαστήρας ; November 4 , 1883 -- July 26 , 1953 ) was a Greek general and politician , who served thrice as Prime Minister of Greece .
Christian Ude ( born 26 October 1947 in Munich ) is a German politician who served as mayor of Munich from 1993 to 2014 .
Antonio Caggiano ( 30 January 1889 -- 23 October 1979 ) was an archbishop and a cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church in Argentina .
K. Ananda Nambiar ( 1918 -- 11 October 1991 ) was an Indian politician of the Communist Party of India who served as a member of the Lok Sabha from Mayiladuthurai and Tiruchirapalli .
James David Cain , Sr . ( born October 13 , 1938 ) , is a retired farmer and rancher from the Dry Creek community in eastern Beauregard Parish , who is a Republican former member of the Louisiana State Senate .
Karl Burckhardt - Iselin ( 2 July 1830 - 24 August 1893 ) was a Swiss politician and President of the Swiss National Council ( 1880/1881 ) .
Glyn Ford ( born 28 January 1950 ) is a former Labour Party member of the European Parliament ( 1984 - -2009 ) , initially for Greater Manchester East until 1999 , then South West England from 1999 to 2009 .
Bernard Genoud ( 22 February 1942 -- 21 September 2010 ) was the bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Lausanne , Geneva and Fribourg from his appointment on 18 March 1999 , until his death on 21 September 2010 .
Joseph Arthur Costello ( May 9 , 1915 -- September 22 , 1978 ) was a Roman Catholic bishop of the Catholic Church in the United States who served as an auxiliary bishop of the Archdiocese of Newark , New Jersey from 1963 to 1978 .
Charles F. Howard , known more commonly as Charlie Howard , is an American politician and has been a member of the Texas House of Representatives since 1995 .
Eutropius of Orange ( b. Marseilles , France ) was bishop of Orange , France after Justus and during the 5th century , probably since 463 .
Gerhard Feige ( born 19 November 1951 in Halle ) was appointed bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Magdeburg , Germany in 2005 .
Thomas G. Stephens ( April 6 , 1818 - ? ) was an American lead smelter from Hazel Green , Wisconsin who served one term as a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly from Grant County as part of the `` Liberal Reform '' or `` People 's Reform '' Party in 1873 .
Ed Sullivan , Jr. ( born 1969 ) is a Republican member of the Illinois House of Representatives , representing the 51st district since 2003 .
When Euspicius died , Mesmin became abbot , and during his rule the religious life flourished there notably .
Thomas Corwin ( July 29 , 1794 -- December 18 , 1865 ) , also known as Tom Corwin and The Wagon Boy , was a politician from the state of Ohio who served as a prosecuting attorney , a member of the Ohio House of Representatives , the United States House of Representatives and the United States Senate .
Everardus Antonius M. Baaij , S.C.J. ( 24 March 1921 -- 31 January 2012 ) , was a Dutch bishop of the Roman Catholic Church in South Africa .
Sigmundur Davíð Gunnlaugsson ( Icelandic pronunciation : ( ˈsɪɣmʏntʏr ˈtaːvið ˈkʏnløyxsɔn ) ; born 12 March 1975 ) is an Icelandic politician who has been Prime Minister of Iceland since 2013 .
Paphnutius of Thebes , also known as Paphnutius the Confessor , was a disciple of Saint Anthony the Great and a bishop of a city in the Upper Thebaid in the early fourth century .
Konstantinos Konstantopoulos ( Greek : Κωνσταντίνος Κωνσταντόπουλος ) ( 1832 , Tripoli , Greece - 11 November 1910 , Athens ) was a conservative Greek politician and Prime Minister of Greece .
William Owsley ( March 24 , 1782 -- December 9 , 1862 ) was an associate justice on the Kentucky Court of Appeals and the 16th Governor of Kentucky .
Asahel Peck ( February 6 , 1803 -- May 18 , 1879 ) was an American lawyer , a politician , and the 35th Governor of Vermont from 1874 to 1876 .
Bärbel Dieckmann ( born March 26 , 1949 in Leverkusen ) was elected mayor of Bonn in 1994 .
José Arnoldo Alemán Lacayo ( born 23 January 1946 ) was the 81st President of Nicaragua from 10 January 1997 to 10 January 2002 .
Giovanni Battista Caprara Montecuccoli ( 1733 -- 1810 ) was an Italian statesman and cardinal and archbishop of Milan from 1802 to 1810 .
Philippe Kourouma ( 29 November 1932 Samoé - 10 February 2009 ) was the Guinean bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of N’Zérékoré from 15 December 1979 , until his retirement on 27 November 2007 .
William Riddell ( 1807 - -1847 ) was a Roman Catholic bishop who briefly served as the Vicar Apostolic of the Northern District of England in 1847 .
François Patriat ( born 21 March 1943 in Semur - en - Auxois , Côte - d'Or ) is a member of the Senate of France , representing the Côte - d'Or department .
Jared Irwin ( 1750 -- March 1 , 1818 ) served twice as elected Governor of Georgia ( 1796 - -1798 ) and ( 1806 - -1809 ) .
Raul Bocanegra is an American politician and former member of the California State Assembly .
José Jesús Reyna García ( born 22 February 1952 ) is a Mexican lawyer and politician from the Institutional Revolutionary Party who served as Interim Governor of Michoacán from April to October 2013 .
Giridhar Gamang ( born 8 April 1943 ) is a leader of the Indian National Congress and a former Chief Minister of Odisha .
Desmond Connell ( born 24 March 1926 ) is an Irish cardinal in the Roman Catholic Church .
Chris Ballance ( born 7 July 1952 ) is a playwright and Scottish Green Party politician , a former Member of the Scottish Parliament for the South of Scotland region .
Gozbald , in Latin Gozbaldus or Gauzbaldus ( died 20 September 855 ) , was the abbot of Niederaltaich from 830 , and the bishop of Würzburg from 842 , until his death .
From 1988 - 91 , Akinwunmi Ambode was the Assistant Treasurer , Badagry Local Government , Lagos State , Nigeria .
José Calassanç Vives y Tuto OFM Cap ( English Joseph Calasanz Vives y Tuto , 15 February 1854 -- 7 September 1913 ) was an influential Spanish Roman Catholic theologian , member of the Capuchin friars and from 19 June 1899 also cardinal .
Bishop John Quinlan ( October 19 , 1826 , Cloyne , Ireland -- March 9 , 1883 , Alabama ) was a Roman Catholic bishop and the second Bishop of Mobile .
Carl L. Marcellino ( born December 23 , 1942 , in Brooklyn , New York ) is a member of the New York State Senate .
Richard Terrick ( 1710 -- 1777 ) was a Church of England clergyman and bishop of London from 1764 to 1777 .
Rafael Muñoz Núñez ( January 24 , 1925 -- February 19 , 2010 ) was the bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Aguascalientes in Mexico .
José Miguel Gómez y Gómez ( July 6 , 1858 -- June 13 , 1921 ) was a Cuban who was one of the leaders of the rebel forces in the Cuban War of Independence and President of Cuba from 1909 to 1913 .
Željko Šturanović ( Serbian : Жељко Штурановић , January 31 , 1960 -- June 30 , 2014 ) was the Prime Minister of Montenegro from November 10 , 2006 until February 29 , 2008 .
Morgan Foster Larson ( June 15 , 1882 -- March 21 , 1961 ) was a Republican politician who served as the 40th Governor of New Jersey .
Filippo Giudice Caracciolo was an Italian prelate who was archbishop of Naples from 1833 to 1844 .
Pierre de Luxembourg ( Peter of Luxemburg ) ( 1369 - -1387 ) was a Catholic cardinal .
Jesús Silverio Cavazos Ceballos ( 15 December 1968 -- 21 November 2010 ) was a Mexican politician , the Governor of Colima from 2005 to 2009 , elected after the death of Gustavo Vázquez Montes .
He was the son of Mansa Mari Diata II and the brother of Mansa Musa II . Tunisian historian Ibn Khaldun records that Maghan II succeeded his brother to the throne in 1387 , but reigned for only two years before his throne was usurped by Sandaki in 1389 .
Roestam Effendi ( Perfected Spelling : Rustam Effendi ; 13 May 1903 -- 24 May 1979 ) was an Indonesian writer and member of the House of Representatives of the Netherlands .
Ashayet or Ashait was an ancient Egyptian queen consort , a lower ranking wife of Pharaoh Mentuhotep II of the 11th dynasty .
Elin Jones AM ( born 1 September 1966 ) , is a Welsh politician , born in Lampeter , who has represented Ceredigion for Plaid Cymru as a Member of the National Assembly for Wales since 1999 .
Pope Victor I ( died 199 ) was a bishop of Rome , and hence a pope , in the late second century .
Victor - Lucien - Sulpice Lécot ( 8 January 1831 - -19 December 1908 ) was a French archbishop and cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church .
Sir Reginald Edward Stubbs , GCMG ( Chinese : 司徒拔 ) ( 1876 - -1947 ) was a British colonial governor , who was once the Governor of Hong Kong .
Geoffrey Stephen Pedley ( known as Stephen ; born 13 September 1940 ) was the Anglican Bishop of Lancaster from 1998 until 2005 .
Francis Xavier Ford , M.M. , was an American bishop of the Catholic Church and a Maryknoll missionary in China .
Refik Koraltan ( 1889 , Divriği , Sivas Province -- June 17 , 1974 , Istanbul ) was a Turkish politician , having served as the Speaker of the Grand National Assembly of Turkey ( TBMM ) from May 22 , 1950 to May 27 , 1960 .
Seth - Peribsen ( also known as Ash - Peribsen , Peribsen and Perabsen ) is the serekh name of an early Egyptian monarch ( pharaoh ) , who ruled during the Second Dynasty of Egypt ( c. 2890 -- c. 2686 BC ) .
On his father 's death in 1881 , Henri Menier became mayor of Noisiel , an office he held for 32 years until his death in 1913 .
Saint Gaugericus , in French Saint Géry ( also known as Gorik , Gau ; in Walloon , Djèri ) ( c. 550 -- August 11 , 626 ) was a bishop of Cambrai , France .
Peter Paul Lefevere , or Lefebre ( April 30 , 1804 -- March 4 , 1869 ) , was a 19th - century Belgian born bishop of the Catholic Church in the United States .
Scott McClellan ( born February 14 , 1968 ) is a former White House Press Secretary ( 2003 - -06 ) for President George W. Bush , and author of a controversial No . 1 New York Times bestseller about the Bush Administration titled What Happened .
George Berovich ( Serbian : Đorđe Berović , Greek : Γεώργιος Βέροβιτς , Georgios Verovits , 1845 - -1897 ) , known as Berovich Pasha ( Turkish : Beroviç Paşa ) was a Christian Ottoman statesman who served as Governor - General ( wāli ) of Crete and Prince of Samos .
Davíð Oddsson ( pronounced ( ˈtaːvið ˈɔtːsɔn ) ; born 17 January 1948 ) is an Icelandic politician , and the longest - serving Prime Minister of Iceland , holding office from 1991 to 2004 .
Eddie Ng Hak - kim SBS , JP ( Chinese : 吳克儉 , born c. 1953 ) is the Secretary for Education of Hong Kong .
Pieter Both ( 1568 -- 6 March 1615 ) was the first Governor - General of the Dutch East Indies .
Rees Hill ( April 1776 -- November 24 , 1852 ) was a U.S. army colonel in the War of 1812 , a member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives from Greene County , speaker of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives , and later a Pennsylvania State Senator .
Richard Phelan , D.D. ( January 1 , 1828 -- December 20 , 1904 ) was an Irish - born prelate of the Roman Catholic Church who served as the fourth bishop of the Diocese of Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , in the United States from 1889 to 1904 .
John Duncan MacLean ( 8 December 1873 , in Culloden , Prince Edward Island -- 28 March 1948 , in Ottawa , Ontario ) was a teacher , physician , politician and the 20th Premier of British Columbia , Canada .
Martin M. Higgins ( January 5 , 1891 - May 27 , 1950 ) was an American advertising man who spent one term as a Republican member of the Wisconsin State Assembly from Milwaukee , Wisconsin , and later served as a Milwaukee alderman .
Sotirios Sotiropoulos ( Greek : Σωτήριος Σωτηρόπουλος ; Nafplio , 1831 -- Athens , 1898 ) was a Greek economist and politician who briefly served as Prime Minister of Greece .
Seneferankhre Pepi III may have been a pharaoh of the Sixteenth dynasty of Egypt during the Second Intermediate Period .
Janaki Ballabh Patnaik ( Odia : ଜାନକୀ ବଲ୍ଲଭ ପଟ୍ଟନାୟକ ; 3 January 1927 -- 21 April 2015 ) was an Indian politician who has been Governor of Assam since 2009 .
Ivan Grubišić ( born 20 June 1936 ) is a retired Croatian Roman Catholic priest , sociologist , and former independent representative in the Croatian Parliament .
In the June 2009 elections , Véronique De Keyser was elected for her third mandate as member of the European Parliament , and at the same time beginning her first mandate as Vice - President of the Socialists and Democrats ( S&D ) Group .
Tim Greimel is a member of the Michigan House of Representatives , elected in a special election in 2012 to fill a vacancy created by the resignation of Tim Melton .
Winthrop Rockefeller ( May 1 , 1912 -- February 22 , 1973 ) was an American politician and philanthropist , who served as the first Republican Governor of Arkansas since Reconstruction .
Hui Yin - fat , OBE , JP ( born 28 April 1936 , Guangzhou China ) was the member of the Legislative Council of Hong Kong ( 1991 - -1995 ) for Social Services , member of the Executive Council in 1991 and member of the Provisional Legislative Council .
Clifford William Robinson ( September 1 , 1866 -- July 27 , 1944 ) was a New Brunswick lawyer , businessman and politician , the 12th Premier of New Brunswick .
Terry L. Punt ( August 13 , 1949 -- December 27 , 2009 ) was a Republican member of the Pennsylvania State Senate , representing the 33rd District from 1989 to 2008 .
Jonathan Nanizayamo ( born 21 February 1992 in Tours ) is a French - born Congolese footballer who currently plays for Ligue 2 side Lens as a forward .
Jack Sowerby ( born 23 March 1995 ) is an English professional footballer who plays as a forward for League One side Fleetwood Town .
Izet Hajrović ( born 4 August 1991 ) is a Bosnian professional footballer who plays as a winger for Spanish club Eibar on loan from German club Werder Bremen and the Bosnia and Herzegovina national team .
Munga Eketebi is a Congolese American former soccer forward who is currently the head men 's soccer coach at Broward College .
Jean Dalli ( born 13 August 1976 ) is an English former footballer who played as a defender in the Football League for Colchester United .
Denis Onyango ( born 15 May 1985 in Kampala ) is a Ugandan footballer who plays for South African Premier Soccer League club Mamelodi Sundowns and Uganda as a goalkeeper .
Sergio Litvak ( Ukrainian : Сергій Літвяк ) is a retired Chilean football goalkeeper .
Serge Kwetche ( born 5 November 1976 ) was a Cameroonian footballer in midfielder role .
Jamar Butler ( born September 27 , 1985 ) is a basketball point guard .
Dieter Nüssing ( born 15 August 1949 in Güls , a district in Koblenz ) is a former German footballer who played as a midfielder .
Anıl Dilaver ( born November 20 , 1990 in Trabzon , Turkey ) is a Turkish footballer playing as forward for Bucaspor .
Kémoko Camara ( born 4 May 1975 , in Conakry ) is a Guinean footballer who plays as a goalkeeper .
Dirk Heinen ( born 3 December 1970 ) is a former football goalkeeper .
Sharolta Nonen ( born 30 December 1977 , in Vancouver , British Columbia ) is a Canadian former soccer defender and current assistant women 's soccer coach at Georgia Gwinnett College .
Hamza Elias ( born 5 May 1993 ) is a Ghanaian association football midfielder .
Montell Moore ( born 23 December 1995 ) is an English football midfielder who is currently unattached .
Robert Sawyers ( born 20 November 1978 ) in Birmingham , England , is a retired English professional footballer who played as a defender for Wolverhampton Wanderers and Barnet in the Football League .
Jiří Skála ( born 10 October 1973 ) is a Czech football midfielder .
Malungisa Dlamini ( born 3 April 1978 ) is a Swaziland international footballer who plays as a midfielder .
Xiao Zhanbo ( Simplified Chinese : 肖战波 ) ( born July 22 , 1975 in Liaoning , China ) is a Chinese footballer who plays as a midfielder .
Fabien Lavoyer ( born July 29 , 1985 in Dijon , France ) is a French midfielder currently playing for Championnat de France amateur side Luçon .
Pietro Fanna ( born June 23 , 1958 in Grimacco , Province of Udine ) is an Italian professional football coach and a former player , who played in midfield , either as an attacking midfielder or as a winger .
Chow Ka Wa ( Chinese : 鄒嘉華 ; Jyutping : zau1 gaa1 waa4 ; born 23 April 1986 in Hong Kong ) is a Hong Kong footballer who plays for Hong Kong First Division League club Southern as a right midfielder .
Rob Laurie ( born May 19 , 1970 ) is an American former professional ice hockey goaltender who played eleven years of minor league hockey mostly in the East Coast Hockey League .
Mohamed Shaaban ( Arabic : محمد شعبان‎ ) ( born 25 December 1984 in Egypt ) , is an Egyptian football attacking midfielder who currently plays for ( Egyptian Premier League ) side ( El Mokawloon ) as well as the Egyptian national team .
Michael Mörz ( born April 2 , 1980 ) is an Austrian professional footballer who currently plays as a midfielder .
Arnal Llibert Conde Carbó ( born 21 November 1980 ) , known simply as Arnal , is a Spanish professional footballer who plays as a forward .
Vladimir Soares Forbs ( born 14 April 1992 ) is a Bissau - Guinean football midfielder who currently plays for Atlético CP .
Ömer Boncuk ( 1917 Ankara - August 1 , 1988 Istanbul ) , formerly Ömer Albakır , was a Turkish football midfielder and a high school teacher for music .
Adriano Reginato ( born December 19 , 1937 in Carbonera , Province of Treviso ) is a former Italian football goalkeeper .
Senijad Ibričić ( born 26 September 1985 ) is a Bosnian footballer who last played as an attacking midfielder for Iranian club Sepahan .
Tim Weaver is a retired American soccer defender who played two seasons in Major League Soccer with the San Jose Clash .
George Shaya ( born 30 October 1946 ) is a former association football forward who played for Dynamos and the Rhodesian national team during the 1960s and 1970s .
Amour Patrick Tignyemb ( born June 14 , 1985 in Douala ) is a Cameroonian goalkeeper who currently plays for Bloemfontein Celtic in the South African Premier Soccer League .
Wilson Greenwood ( July 1871 -- January 1943 ) was an English footballer who played as an outside forward .
Edwin Towler was an English professional association football player who played as a goalkeeper .
Paulo Sérgio Moreira Gonçalves ( born 24 January 1984 ) , known as Paulo Sérgio , is a Portuguese footballer who plays for Bruneian club Brunei DPMM FC ( which plays in the Singapore S.League ) as a right winger .
Erwin Isaacs ( born 21 December 1986 in Cape Town , Western Cape ) is a South African football ( soccer ) midfielder and striker for Premier Soccer League club Bidvest Wits and South Africa .
Ben Saynor ( born 6 March 1989 ) is an English footballer who plays for Frickley Athletic as a goalkeeper .
Amara Konaté ( born 3 September 1990 ) is an Ivorian footballer who plays for Italian club Fezzanese as a forward .
Suat Kaya ( born 26 August 1967 ) is a Turkish former footballer who played as a defensive midfielder , and the current coach of Bucaspor .
Eusebio Chamorro ( born November 22 , 1922 ) is a former Argentine football goalkeeper , who played in several Argentine , Brazilian and Colombian top level clubs .
Mario César Ramírez Estigarribia ( born 25 May 1965 , in Limpio , Paraguay ) is a former football defender and coach .
Gabino Rodríguez Rodríguez ( born 18 June 1964 in Seville , Andalusia ) , known simply as Gabino , is a Spanish retired footballer who played as an attacking midfielder .
Dmytro Bezotosnyi ( Ukrainian : Дмитро Олександрович Безотосний ; born 15 November 1983 in Khmelnytskyi ) is a Ukrainian footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Gabala FK .
Colin Cassidy ( born 20 May 1988 in Dublin ) is a goalkeeper currently playing for Kildare County .
Mark Prudhoe ( born 8 November 1963 ) is an English former professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper for 17 different Football League clubs .
Danijel Subašić ( pronounced ( dânijel sûbaʃitɕ ) ; born 27 October 1984 ) is a Croatian footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for AS Monaco FC in Ligue 1 and the Croatian national team .
Matthieu Dreyer ( born 20 March 1989 ) is a French football player who currently plays as a goalkeeper for Troyes AC .
Carlos Alves Júnior , better known as Carlos Alves ( Lisbon , 10 October 1903 -- 12 November 1970 ) , was a Portuguese footballer , who played as central defender .
Jonathan Aspropotamitis ( born 7 June 1996 ) , commonly known as Jonathan Aspro , is an Australian professional footballer who plays as a central defender for Western Sydney Wanderers FC .
Diana Petrakieva ( Bulgarian : Диана Петракиева ) is a Bulgarian football midfielder currently playing in the Bulgarian Championship for NSA Sofia , with whom she has also played the Champions League .
Garrett Smith ( born December 14 , 1967 in Seattle , Washington ) is a former U.S. soccer defender who played professionally in the Western Soccer League , American Professional Soccer League , Major Indoor Soccer League and Continental Indoor Soccer League .
Karl Mööl ( born 4 March 1992 ) is an Estonian professional footballer who plays for Flora , as an attacking midfielder .
Claudia von Lanken is a German former football goalkeeper and current manager .
Vito Leonetti ( born 16 March 1994 ) is an Italian footballer who plays for Bari as a forward .
Artem Hordiyenko ( Ukrainian : Артем Олександрович Гордієнко , born 4 March 1991 , Krasnyi Luch , Luhansk Oblast , Ukrainian SSR ) is a professional Ukrainian football defender who plays for Zorya Luhansk in the Ukrainian Premier League .
Jon Conway ( born May 6 , 1977 in Media , Pennsylvania ) is a retired American soccer goalkeeper and current goalkeeping coach for Toronto FC .
Srđan Obradović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Cpђaн Oбpaдoвић ; born March 16 , 1970 in Belgrade ) is a Serbian former football defender .
Jorge Luis Díaz Gutiérrez ( born 28 June 1989 ) is an Uruguayan professional footballer who plays for Spanish club CD Numancia as a right winger .
Larry Dyck ( born December 15 , 1965 ) is a former Canadian ice hockey goaltender played the majority of his career in the International Hockey League .
Thomas Bælum ( born 5 June 1978 ) is a Danish professional footballer defender , who is now a player - coach for Danish Serie 3 side Grauballe UGF .
João Manuel Dinis , commonly known as Comboio , ( born 13 October 1979 ) is a Portuguese football defender curruntly playing for Omonia Aradippou .
Phil O'Connor ( 10 October 1953 -- 23 September 1985 ) was a footballer who played as a midfielder for Australia .
Joni Myllykoski ( born July 2 , 1984 in Tornio ) is a Finnish ice hockey goaltender .
Lee Mears ( born 5 March 1979 in Torquay ) is a former English rugby union footballer , who played hooker at Bath .
Jaroslav Burgr ( 7 March 1906 , in Velké Přítočno -- 15 September 1986 ) was a Czech football defender .
Ananias Eloi Castro Monteiro ( born January 20 , 1989 ) , simply known as Ananias , is a Brazilian footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder .
Cauê Cecilio da Silva ( born 24 mai 1989 ) , commonly known as Cauê Cecilio , is a Brazilian footballer who recently played for Hapoel Tel Aviv in the Israeli Premier League , as a central midfielder .
Erland Hellström ( Erland Folke Henry Hellström , born 16 December 1980 ) in Kaiserslautern , Germany is a former Swedish football goalkeeper who currently is a free agent after leaving Hammarby IF in a mutual consent agreement .
Lee Hyo - kyun ( Hangul : 이효균 ; born 12 March 1988 ) is a South Korean football centre forward who plays for Incheon United .
Landon Wilson ( born March 13 , 1975 ) is a former American professional ice hockey right winger who last played for the Texas Stars of the AHL , where he served as team captain .
Andrés Domínguez Candal aka Pierita ( December 16 , 1918 - October 24 , 1978 ) was a Spanish footballer who played as a forward .
Rodrigo Suárez Peña ( born 7 March 1986 in Utrera , Seville ) , commonly known as Rodri , is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a midfielder .
Edin Prljača ( born April 26 , 1971 ) is a retired Bosnian goalkeeper and manager .
José Aílton da Silva ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( ʒuˈzɛ a.ˈiwtõⁿ dɐ ˈsiɫvɐ ) , born 8 September 1977 ) is a retired Brazilian -- born Mexican player , who operated as an attacking midfielder and also as a left midfielder or winger in the same zone .
Patrick Fa'apale ( born 3 May 1991 ) is a rugby union fly - half who plays for Vaiala and Samoa .
Antonio Martínez Felipe ( born 7 March 1990 ) is a Spanish footballer who plays for CD Numancia as a midfielder on loan from AD Alcorcón .
Willy Roy ( born February 8 , 1943 in Treuberg , Germany ) is a retired U.S. soccer forward and coach .
Daniel Ramsay ( born 1 June 1984 ) is a New Zealand rugby union footballer who plays as a lock for Section Paloise in the Top 14 .
Antun Rudinski ( Serbian Cyrillic : Aнтун Pудинcки ; born October 1 , 1937 in Subotica , Kingdom of Yugoslavia ) is a Serbian former football ( soccer ) player , as forward and also football manager .
Semir Štilić ( born 8 October 1987 ) is a Bosnian professional footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for Cypriot club APOEL and the Bosnia and Herzegovina national team .
Collins John ( born 17 October 1985 in Zwedru ) is a Liberian - born Dutch footballer who last played as a forward for Pittsburgh Riverhounds .
Luka Spetič ( born 5 May 1982 ) is a Slovenian footballer , who plays as midfielder for Kras .
Jonathan Ñíguez Esclápez ( born 2 April 1985 ) , commonly known as Jony , is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Slovenian club FC Koper as a midfielder .
Sam Jeffries ( born 20 May 1992 ) is an Australian rugby union player who currently plays as a lock for the Melbourne Rebels in the international Super Rugby competition .
Alireza Ghadiri ( Persian : علیرضا قدیری‎‎ , born 8 October 1979 ) is an Iranian football goalkeeper , currently playing for Saba .
Luccas Claro dos Santos commonly known as Luccas Claro ( born 2 October 1991 ) in Ribeirão Preto , Brazil is a Brazilian football ( soccer ) player who plays as a defender for Coritiba in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série A.
Jürgen Stars ( born 24 June 1948 ) is a former professional footballer from Germany that played goalkeeper in the Bundesliga and the North American Soccer League .
Andrew Fontein ( born 3 March 1990 , in Las Vegas , Nevada ) is an American soccer player who last played as a goalkeeper for Minnesota United .
Amir Reza Nasr Azadani ( born February 7 , 1996 ) is an Iranian football player who currently plays for Rah Ahan in the Persian Gulf Pro League as a defender .
Ilan Bakhar ( Hebrew : אילן בכר‎ ; born May 17 , 1975 in Ramat Gan ) is a retired Israeli footballer , who played as a right defender .
Clare Rustad ( born May 27 , 1983 ) is a Canadian former soccer midfielder .
Sylvain Legwinski ( born 6 October 1973 in Clermont - Ferrand ) is a retired French footballer , who played as a midfielder .
Eva Russo ( born 2 September 1966 ) is an Italian former international football goalkeeper .
Lyanco Evangelista Silveira Neves Vojnović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Лијанко Еванжелиста Силвеира Невес Војновић ; ( born 1 February 1997 ) , simply known as Lyanco , is a Brazilian - born Serbian professional footballer who plays for São Paulo FC as a central defender .
Henryk Wawrowski ( born 25 September 1949 in Szczecin , Poland ) is a former international Polish footballer who played as a defender .
Mike Heald is a retired American soccer midfielder who spent most of his career with professional teams in Florida .
Andre Meier ( born 3 March 1965 ) is a Swiss former footballer who played as a midfielder during the 1980s and 1990s .
Enrique González Casín ( born 16 May 1990 ) , commonly known as Quique , is a Spanish footballer who plays for UD Almería as a forward .
Dragan Jakovljević ( Serbian Cyrillic : Дpaгaн Jaкoвљeвић , born February 23 , 1962 ) is a Bosnian Serb forward who played for FK Sarajevo and SFR Yugoslavia .
David Ikin ( born 18 February 1946 ) is an English former footballer who played as a goalkeeper for Port Vale and Winsford United in the 1960s .
Ryan Coiner ( born September 7 , 1979 , in Aliso Viejo , California ) is a retired American soccer forward who played professionally in Germany and Major League Soccer .
Dante Crippa ( born March 10 , 1937 in Ronco Briantino ) is a retired Italian professional football player , who played as a midfielder , either as a winger , as an attacking midfielder , or as a central midfielder .
Daniel Kogler ( born 16 August 1988 in Austria ) is an Austrian football midfielder player who plays for SV Horn .
Bob Pryde ( 25 April 1913 , in Methil , Fife -- 1998 ) was a Scottish football midfielder who played for East Fife , St Johnstone and Blackburn Rovers .
Wellington da Silva Pinto ( born 30 September 1991 in Bauru ) , simply known as Wellington , is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Ponte Preta , on loan from Palmeiras , as a central defender .
Mohammad Ali Faramarzi ( Persian : محمدعلی فرامرزی‎‎ ) is an Iranian football defender who currently plays for Iranian football club Padideh in the Iran Pro League .
Mark Bosnich ( born 13 January 1972 ) is an Australian former goalkeeper and sports pundit .
John Shield ( born 10 April 1915 ) was an English footballer who played as a defender .
Francisco Juan Vacas Navarro ( born 21 November 1979 in Córdoba , Andalusia ) , commonly known as Curro Vacas , is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for UB Conquense as a central midfielder .
Manuela Zinsberger ( born 19 October 1995 ) is an Austrian footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for German Frauen Bundesliga club Bayern Munich and the Austria national team .
Steve Aizlewood ( 9 October 1952 -- 6 August 2013 ) was a Welsh footballer and a one - time Wales Under-23 international defender .
Franjo Šoštarić ( 1 August 1919 -- 27 August 1975 ) was a Croatian football goalkeeper who competed internationally for Yugoslavia .
Glan Letheren ( born 1 May 1956 in Neath ) is a Welsh former professional footballer who played in the Football League as a goalkeeper for Leeds United , Scunthorpe United , Chesterfield and Swansea City .
Valeri Aleksanyan ( Armenian : Վալերի Ալեքսանյան , born on 4 September 1984 in Yerevan , Soviet Union ) is an Armenian football player who currently plays defender for the Armenian national team .
Lu Feng ( Chinese : 陆峰 ; born 12 November 1981 in Luoyang ) is a Chinese footballer who currently plays as a midfielder .
José Fabián Ramírez ( born 3 February 1977 in Esquina , Corrientes ) is an Argentine football goalkeeper .
Irakli Machkhaneli ( born Tbilisi , 18 June 1981 ) is a retired Georgian rugby union player , who played as a wing .
Guga Palavandishvili ( Georgian : გუგა ფალავანდიშვილი ; born 14 August 1993 ) is a Georgian footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for Dila Gori .
Derek Backman ( born January 6 , 1966 in South Africa ) is a retired U.S. soccer midfielder who played in the USISL .
Marco Gallozzi ( born 27 July 1988 ) is an Italian professional footballer who plays midfielder for Reggina Calcio .
Michael Trajkovski is an Australia professional footballer who plays as a attacking midfielder for Western Sydney Wanderers FC .
Labinot Sheholli ( Serbian : Лабинот Шехоли , Labinot Šeholi ) ( born 9 July 1988 ) is an ethnic Albanian professional footballer from Kosovo who plays for Swiss side FC Köniz as an defensive midfielder .
Octavian Abrudan ( born 16 March 1984 in Cluj - Napoca ) is a Romanian footballer who plays as a centre back .
Dylan Mottley - Henry ( born 2 August 1997 ) is an English professional footballer who plays for Altrincham , on loan from Bradford City , as a winger .
Mohd Farhan Abu Bakar is a Malaysian footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Harimau Muda A. Farhan represented Malaysia national football team in 2013 Summer Universiade as a second choice behind Mohd Izham Tarmizi .
Žarko Dragaš ( Cyrillic : Жарко Драгаш , born on 15 June 1971 ) is a former Montenegrin football midfielder .
Warren Donald ( born 7 October 1964 ) is an English - born footballer who played as a midfielder in the Football League in the 1980s and 1990s .
Kyle Cumiskey ( born December 2 , 1986 ) is a Canadian ice hockey defenceman who currently plays for the Rockford IceHogs of the American Hockey League while under contract to Chicago Blackhawks of the National Hockey League ( NHL ) .
Francisco Antonio Pavón Rodríguez ( born 28 January 1977 in La Ceiba ) is a retired Honduran professional football midfielder who most prominently played for local side Vida .
Jacole Turner ( born May 13 , 1994 ) is an American soccer player who plays as a goalkeeper for Gorilla Elite FC in the UPSL ( United Premier Soccer League ) .
Leicy Santos ( born 16 May 1996 ) is a Colombian international footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for the Colombian national team and Iowa Central Community College .
Roberto Maurantonio ( born 7 June 1981 in Bari , Italy ) is an Italian goalkeeper who currently plays for Carpi in Serie B.
Joseph Jadrzejczak , known as Joseph Jadrejak ( born 20 February 1918 in Gladbeck , Westphalia , Germany - died 24 November 1990 in Saint - André - lez - Lille ) , is a former French international footballer and manager who played as a defender , and was part of the famed Lille team of the late 1940s .
Thomas Nyirenda ( born January 28 , 1986 in Zambia ) is a Zambian football player who currently plays for Zanaco FC and for the Zambia national football team as a defender .
Milan Hoek ( born 8 September 1991 ) is a footballer who plays as a defender for Quick Boys Katwijk in the Hoofdklasse .
Fernando Trío Zabala ( born 8 July 1939 ) , known as Nando Yosu , is a Spanish retired football midfielder and manager .
Guillaume Cros ( born 19 April 1995 ) is a French footballer who currently plays as a defender for Ligue 2 side FC Sochaux - Montbéliard .
Eve Badana ( born 9 July 1993 ) is an international football goalkeeper .
Bob Stetler was an American soccer goalkeeper who played professionally in the North American Soccer League and the Major Indoor Soccer League .
Phan Văn Santos ( born Fábio dos Santos on 30 September 1977 in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil ) is a naturalized Vietnamese football goalkeeper , who plays for An Giang F.C. in the V - League .
Abdul - Wahab Abu Al - Hail Labid ( Arabic : عبدالوهاب ابولهیل لابد‎ , born 21 September 1976 ) is a coach and former Iraqi football midfielder .
Rivaldo Vítor Borba Ferreira Júnior , commonly known as Rivaldinho or Rivaldo Júnior ( born 29 April 1995 ) is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for XV de Piracicaba , as a forward .
Eduardo Souza Reis or simply Esquerdinha ( born 9 January 1984 in Montanha ) , is a Brazilian football ( soccer ) midfielder .
Cleiton Januário Franco or simply Cleiton Kanu ( born 17 May 1985 in São Paulo ) is a Brazilian forward .
Dimitris Rizos ( Greek : Δημήτρης Ρίζος ; born 7 October 1976 ) is a Greek football goalkeeper .
Hendrik Van Crombrugge ( born 30 April 1991 ) is a Belgian football player , who currently plays for K.A.S. Eupen as a goalkeeper
Stuart Bannigan ( born 17 September 1992 ) is a Scottish professional footballer currently playing for Partick Thistle in the Scottish Premiership as a midfielder .
Ra'fat Ali Jabr ( born 20 May 1975 ) is a retired Jordanian football player of Palestinian origin , who played as an attacking midfielder for Al - Wahdat SC .
Ruslan Amirov ( Russian : Руслан Амиров ) , born 14 October 1990 , is a Kyrgyzstani footballer of Tatar descent , who is a goalkeeper for Turanspor in Bölgesel Amatör Lig , where he plays with his older brother Ildar .
Tomas Delininkaitis ( born June 11 , 1982 ) is a Lithuanian basketball shooting guard who currently plays for Rethymno Cretan Kings of the Greek Basket League .
Zlatko Gocevski ( born April 9 , 1982 ) is a Macedonian professional basketball power forward who currently for Strumica .
Losseni Konaté ( born 29 December 1972 ) is a former football goalkeeper from Côte d'Ivoire .
Jack Redshaw ( born 20 November 1990 ) is a footballer who plays as a forward for Blackpool .
Sami Khedira ( German pronunciation : ( ˈsami keˈdiːʁa ) ; Arabic : سامي خضيرة‎ ; born 4 April 1987 ) is a German footballer who plays for Juventus and the German national team as a defensive midfielder .
José Felipe Ruvalcaba Clareños ( born 16 February 1941 ) is a Mexican football forward who played for Mexico in the 1962 and 1966 FIFA World Cups .
Kostadin Yanchev ( Bulgarian : Костадин Янчев ; born 19 March 1963 ) is a former Bulgarian footballer who played at both professional and international levels as a midfielder .
Ángel Atienza Landeta ( 16 March 1931 - 22 August 2015 in Madrid ) was a Spanish artist and retired footballer who played as a defender for Real Madrid , with whom he won the inaugural European Cup .
Alain Muana Kizamba ( born November 10 , 1980 ) , is a goalkeeper from the Democratic Republic of the Congo .
Bruno Candido Farias , commonly known as Bruno Farias ( born 20 November 1987 in Panorama , São Paulo ) is a Brazilian football player at the position of midfielder .
Paul Jatta ( born 21 February 1991 ) is a Gambian footballer who is a midfielder currently playing for FC Fyn in the Danish League 1 .
Sander Westerveld ( born 23 October 1974 ) is a retired Dutch professional football goalkeeper who is currently the goalkeeping coach of South African Premier Soccer League club Ajax Cape Town .
Branislav Milošević ( Serbian Cyrillic : Бpaниcлaв Mилoшeвић ; born 13 May 1988 ) is a Serbian football defender .
Marián Zimen ( born 3 August 1980 ) is a former Slovak football defender , who was the best known as a player of MFK Dubnica .
Miguel Ángel Moyà Rumbo ( Spanish pronunciation : ( miˈɣel ˈaŋxel moˈʝa ) ; born 2 April 1984 ) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Atlético Madrid as a goalkeeper .
Saša Ćurčić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Саша Ћурчић ; born 14 February 1972 ) is a Serbian former football midfielder .
Simone Scuffet ( Italian pronunciation : ( siˈmone skufˈfɛt ) ; born 31 May 1996 ) is an Italian footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Serie B club Como , on loan from Udinese .
Joseph Auseline Jean - Guy Talbot ( born July 11 , 1932 in Cap - de - la - Madeleine , Quebec ) is a retired Canadian ice hockey defenceman and coach .
Gladstone Hamilton ( born 23 July 1879 ) was a Scottish footballer who played as a right winger .
Tom Dutra is a retired American soccer goalkeeper who is currently the goalkeeper coach for Seattle Sounders FC of Major League Soccer
Roman Kornilov ( born 30 March 1981 ) is a Kyrgyzstani international footballer who plays for Sher - Ak - Dan Bishkek , as a forward .
Aldo Teqja ( born 4 May 1995 in Tiranë ) is an Albanian professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Cypriot club Anorthosis Famagusta and the Albania national team U21 .
Samid Beganović ( born 21 January , 1960 ) is a retired Yugoslav footballer who played as a centre forward .
Gaëlle Thalmann ( born 18 January 1986 ) is a Swiss football goalkeeper , currently playing for Bundesliga side MSV Duisburg .
Dan Woodards ( 18 November 1886 -- 1964 ) was an English footballer who played as a wing half for West Ham United until his retirement from football in 1921 .
Mitar Peković ( Serbian Cyrillic : Митар Пековић ; born 28 September 1981 ) is a Serbian professional footballer who plays as a defender for Bežanija in the Serbian First League .
Jeremy Thrush ( born 19 April 1985 ) is a rugby union lock who plays for the Hurricanes in Super Rugby and Wellington Lions in the ITM Cup .
Serhiy Rozhok ( Ukrainian : Сергій Володимирович Рожок ; born 25 April 1985 in Slavutych , Ukrainian SSR , Soviet Union ) is a professional Ukrainian football midfielder who is currently playing for Belshina Bobruisk .
Gianluca Curci ( born 12 July 1985 in Rome ) is an Italian footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Mainz .
Malcolm Beard ( born 3 May 1942 ) is an English former professional footballer born in Cannock , Staffordshire , who made more than 350 appearances in the Football League playing as a wing half .
Rex Willis ( 25 October 1924 -- 19 January 2000 ) was a Welsh international rugby union scrum - half who played club rugby for Cardiff and invitational rugby for the Barbarians .
Angelos Basinas ( Greek : Άγγελος Μπασινάς , born on 3 January 1976 in Chalkida , Greece ) is a retired Greek international footballer who played as a defensive midfielder .
James Lukram Singh ( born 1 March 1981 in Imphal ) is an Indian football player who plays as a winger for United Sikkim F.C.
Pablo Martín Ruiz ( born 17 July 1987 ) is an Argentine football forward currently playing for Nueva Chicago .
Alex Crockett ( born 20 November 1981 in Bath , Somerset , England ) is a former English rugby union player , who played at centre .
Ángel Eloy Campos ( born May 31 , 1942 ) is a former Peruvian football defender , who played for the Peru national team between 1963 and 1972 , gaining 46 caps .
Niasidji Donou Kokou ( born 24 April 1991 ) is a Togolese footballer who currently plays for Maranatha as defender or midfielder .
Adam Taylor ( born June 24 , 1984 ) is a Canadian ice hockey right winger who is currently playing for the Victoria Salmon Kings of the ECHL .
Andreas Kyriakou ( Greek : Ανδρέας Κυριάκου , born 5 February 1994 ) is a Cypriot footballer who plays for AEL Limassol as a defender .
Fred Sutcliffe ( born 29 May 1931 ) is an English former footballer who played as a wing half in the Football League for Chester .
Antonio Cassano ( Italian pronunciation : ( anˈtɔnjo kasˈsano ) ; born 12 July 1982 ) is an Italian professional footballer who plays as a forward for Serie A club Sampdoria .
Fabián Hormazábal ( born 26 April 1996 ) is a Chilean footballer that currently plays for Primera División club O'Higgins as a forward .
Robert Enke ( 24 August 1977 -- 10 November 2009 ) was a German football goalkeeper .
Ron Powell ( 2 December 1929 -- 1992 ) was a footballer who played as a goalkeeper in the Football League between 1948 and 1964 , and who played over 500 senior games .
Celestino Marques Silva Ilnhasse ( born 20 May 1988 ) is a football midfielder from Guinea - Bissau who last played in the Romanian Liga I at Farul Constanţa .
Jules Limbeck ( Hungarian : Gyula Limbeck ; born in Romania , died in 1955 ) was a Franco - Hungarian professional football forward and manager .
Serge Tatiefang ( also known as El Tati ) , ( born 25 August 1987 in Akom II ) is a Cameroonian defensive midfielder , He currently plays for Skonto FC in Virsliga .
William Povey ( born 11 January 1943 ) , also known as Bill Povey , is an English former professional footballer who played as a winger in the Football League for York City , and was on the books of Middlesbrough without making a league appearance .
Dejan Drakul ( 23 May 1988 in Gacko -- 27 May 2014 in Bijeljina ) was a Bosnian football midfielder .
Vicente Moscardó Ferrando ( born 5 April 1987 in Valencia ) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Mérida AD as a defensive midfielder .
Siri Nordby ( born 4 August 1978 ) is a Norwegian football defender who played over fifteen years for Røa in Norway 's Toppserien league .
Raimondas Vainoras ( born 16 July 1965 ) is a retired Lithuanian football defender , who last played for Auda Riga in Latvia during his professional career .
Justin Tipuric ( born 6 August 1989 ) is a Welsh international rugby union player who plays for Wales as an openside flanker .
Michelle Hinnigan ( born 12 June 1990 ) is an English women 's association football midfielder .
Miyuki Yanagita ( born 11 April 1981 ) is a Japanese former football midfielder , who most recently played for Urawa Red Diamonds in Japan 's L. League .
Cristian Sosa ( born 19 February 1985 in Montevideo ) is a Uruguayan footballer who currently plays mainly as a right defender for Alessandria Calcio .
Heinz Stuy ( born 6 February 1945 , Wanne - Eickel ) is a former Dutch football goalkeeper who played for AFC Ajax and was part of their European Cup victories in 1971 , 1972 and 1973 .
Charlie Fajkus ( born March 4 , 1957 in the United States ) is a retired American soccer midfielder who spent six seasons in the North American Soccer League and five in the Major Indoor Soccer League .
Kareem Harris ( born 6 January 1988 in Saint Kitts and Nevis ) is an Kittian international footballer playing as a defender for Washington Archibald HS .
Jay Lovett ( born 2 January 1978 ) is an English football defender and midfielder who plays for Metropolitan Police .
Vitālijs Astafjevs ( rus . Виталий Астафьев , born 3 April 1971 in Riga ) is a former Latvian football midfielder .
Issa Sarr ( born 9 October 1986 ) is a Senegalese professional footballer , who is recently signed as a midfielder by Orlando Pirates .
Ihor Bazhan ( born 2 December 1981 in Kirovohrad , Ukraine ) is a professional Ukrainian football retired goalkeeper who played for FC Illichivets Mariupol in the Ukrainian Premier League .
Emilko Janković ( born 27 March 1984 in Banja Luka ) is a Bosnian football defender currently playing as a defender for NK Karlovac in the Croatian Prva HNL .
Eduardo Gerolami ( born 10 March 1952 ) is a Uruguayan former football defender who played professionally in Uruguay , Spain and Mexico .
Jimmy Alison is a footballer who played as a wing half in the Football League for Manchester City and Aldershot .
Herschel Oulio Sanchez Watt ( born 14 February 1991 ) , more commonly known as Sanchez Watt , is an English professional footballer who plays as a forward or winger for Kerala Blasters FC .
Sebastian Ryall ( born 18 July 1989 ) is an Australian football ( soccer ) player who plays as a defender for Sydney FC .
Oleh Herasymyuk ( Ukrainian : Олег Герасимюк , born 22 September 1986 in Volodymyr - Volynskyi , Ukraine ) is a Ukrainian football midfielder for Arsenal Kyiv .
Iván Knez ( born 21 July 1974 in Buenos Aires ) is an Argentine - Swiss former footballer who played as a defender during the 1990s and 2000s .
Blagomir Mastagarkov ( Bulgarian : Благомир Мастагарков ; born 12 March 1992 in Plovdiv ) is a Bulgarian footballer , currently playing for Maritsa Plovdiv as a forward .
Federico Crovari ( born 20 April 1975 in Milan ) is an Italian former association football midfielder .
Gary Hooper ( born 26 January 1988 ) is an English professional footballer who plays as a forward for Sheffield Wednesday .
Leszek Pisz ( Polish pronunciation : ( ˈlɛʂɛk ˈpiʂ ) ) ( born 18 December 1966 in Dębica ) is a former Polish footballer who plays as a midfielder .
Kevon Clement ( born October 23 , 1983 in Trinidad ) is a Trinidad and Tobago football player , who plays as a midfielder for United Petrotrin ( TT Pro League ) .
Frank Rawcliffe ( 10 December 1921 -- December 1986 ) was an English professional footballer who played as a centre forward .
Mike Sgroi ( born August 14 , 1978 ) is a Canadian professional ice hockey left winger who is currently an unrestricted free agent .
Phil Wellington ( born September 25 , 1972 in Des Moines , Iowa ) is a retired U.S. soccer goalkeeper who played collegiately for Georgetown University and professionally in the MLS & USISL .
Plamen Tenev ( Bulgarian : Пламен Тенев ; born 13 June 1995 in Radnevo ) is a Bulgarian footballer who currently plays as a defender for Vereya on loan from Beroe Stara Zagora .
LaMurriel Page ( born September 18 , 1975 ) is a former American college and professional basketball player who was a forward and center in the Women 's National Basketball Association ( WNBA ) for eleven seasons .
Iliya Nikolov ( Bulgarian : Илия Николов ; born 14 July 1986 ) is a Bulgarian footballer , who plays as a goalkeeper .
Artur Filipe Bernardes Moreira ( born 18 February 1984 in Cacia , Aveiro ) , known simply as Artur , is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays for F.C. Arouca as an attacking midfielder .
Bob Tombari ( born August 2 , 1946 ) is a former professional ice hockey left winger .
Derek Reeves ( 27 August 1934 -- 22 May 1995 ) was an English footballer , born in Poole , Dorset , who played as a centre forward for Southampton and Bournemouth & Boscombe Athletic in the Football League .
Elliot Chorley ( born September 12 , 1931 in Winnipeg , Manitoba ) was a Canadian ice hockey right winger who played 633 professional games , scored 216 goals , 292 assists for a total of 508 career points .
Cecil Pemberton was a professional footballer who played as a centre forward .
Hamed Khosravi ( Persian : حامد خسروی‎ , August 25 , 1992 in Tabriz , Iran ) is an Iranian football midfielder , who currently plays for Esteghlal in Iran 's Premier Football League .
Rachid Berouas is a Moroccan footballer who plays as midfielder for KAC Kenitra in the Moroccan Premier League .
Jukka Lehtovaara ( born 15 March 1988 , Turku ) is a Finnish football goalkeeper .
Norbert Csölle ( born 18 June 1992 ) is a Slovak football midfielder of Hungarian ethnicity who currently plays for the Slovak Corgoň Liga club FK DAC 1904 Dunajská Streda .
Deividas Pukis ( born January 10 , 1992 , Kaunas , Lithuania ) is a Lithuanian professional basketball player whose position is shooting guard .
Jim Lumby is a footballer who played as a forward in the Football League for Grimsby Town , Scunthorpe United , Carlisle United , Tranmere Rovers and Mansfield Town .
Luiz Alberto Leite Sousa ( born 2 November 1982 ) , commonly known as Luiz Alberto , is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a defender for Famalicão .
David Babunski ( Macedonian : Давид Бабунски ; born 1 March 1994 ) is a Macedonian footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder , who plays for Red Star Belgrade .
Emmanuel Danilo Clementino Silva ( born 5 March 1982 ) , also known as Danilo , is a Brazilian - born naturalized Equatoguinean football goalkeeper , who currently plays for Alecrim .
Augusto Lamela da Silva ( born 6 February 1939 ) is a former Portuguese footballer who played as a defender , bul could also operate as a midfielder .
Srboljub Krivokuća ( Serbian Cyrillic : Србољуб Кривокућа ; 14 March 1928 -- 22 December 2002 ) was a Serbian football goalkeeper and manager .
Mitchell Thomas ( born 2 October 1964 in Luton ) is a retired English football defender .
Alex Sandro da Silva or simply Alex Silva ( born 10 March 1985 in Amparo , São Paulo ) , is a Brazilian central defender who plays for Rio Claro .
The Height ( Russian : Высота , Translit . : Vysota ) is a 1957 Soviet drama film produced at Mosfilm and directed by Aleksander Zarkhi after the same name novel written by Evgeny Vorobyov .
The Shadow Men is a 1997 movie in which a married couple , Bob and Dez Wilson , and their 12-year - old son Andy are being accosted by a blinding light when driving home from a daytrip .
My Life at First Try is a 2008 semi - autobiographical flash fiction novel by Mark Budman that was published by Counterpoint Press .
Ombria in Shadow is a fantasy novel by Patricia A. McKillip , first published by Ace Books in 2002 .
The Journal of Chemical Theory and Computation is a peer - reviewed scientific journal , established in 2005 by the American Chemical Society .
The Age of Innocence is Edith Wharton 's twelfth novel , initially serialized in four parts in the Pictorial Review magazine in 1920 , and later released by D. Appleton and Company as a book in New York and in London .
Play with the Teletubbies is an educational kids video game based on the children 's television series Teletubbies and released in 2000 for PlayStation and PC , developed by Asylum Entertainment Ltd. and Knowledge Adventure .
The Ultimate Galactus Trilogy is a collection of three comic book limited series published by Marvel Comics .
Chemical Society Reviews is a biweekly peer - reviewed scientific journal published by the Royal Society of Chemistry , for review articles on topics of current interest in chemistry .
The Colorado Kid is a mystery novel written by Stephen King for the Hard Case Crime imprint , published in 2005 .
Chemical Communications , also known as ChemComm , is a peer - reviewed scientific journal published by the Royal Society of Chemistry .
Wings of Death is a 1990 shoot 'em up video game developed by Eclipse Software and published by Thalion Software , released originally for the Atari ST and then ported for the Amiga .
The Journal of Infrared , Millimeter , and Terahertz Waves is monthly a peer - reviewed scientific journal published by Springer Science+Business Media .
Greatest Heavyweights is a boxing video game that was published by Sega in 1994 .
How Wikipedia Works ( And How You Can Be a Part of It ) is published by No Starch Press , part of their series of technical how - to books .
Danger on Vampire Trail is Volume 50 of the original The Hardy Boys Mystery Stories published by Grosset & Dunlap .
Broforce is a side - scrolling run and gun platform video game developed by Free Lives and published by Devolver Digital .
The Journal of Applied Corporate Finance is a peer - reviewed academic journal published quarterly by Wiley - Blackwell on behalf of Morgan Stanley .
Rails Across America is a railroad simulation game released in late 2001 by developer Flying Lab Software and publisher Strategy First .
The Sting ! is a strategy / adventure video game developed by Neo Software and released by JoWooD Entertainment on 1 July 2001 .
The Life and Death of Democracy is a 2009 book by John Keane and published by Simon & Schuster .
Psychology of Addictive Behaviors is a quarterly peer - reviewed academic journal of the American Psychological Association that publishes original articles related to the psychological aspects of addictive behaviors .
Super Mario Land is a 1989 side - scrolling platform video game , the fourth in the Super Mario series , developed and published by Nintendo as a launch title for their Game Boy handheld game console .
Lebensmittel - Wissenschaft & Technologie ( ( English ) , Food Science & Technology ) is a peer - reviewed scientific journal published by Elsevier .
Monstania is a tactical role - playing video game released for the SNES in 1996 by Pack - In - Video .
Acta Neuropathologica is a monthly peer - reviewed scientific journal covering all aspects of neuropathology published by Springer Science+Business Media .
Edgar & Ellen created by Simon & Schuster Children 's Publishing , is based on two twelve - year - old twins who cause mischief and mayhem in their sickly sweet town , Nod 's Limbs .
Gynecological Endocrinology is published by Informa and is edited by Anrea R. Genazzani ( University of Pisa , Italy ) .
Optical Review is a bimonthly peer - reviewed scientific journal that was established in 1994 and is published by Springer Science+Business Media in partnership with the Optical Society of Japan .
Nature China ( simplified Chinese : 自然中国 ; traditional Chinese : 自然中國 ; pinyin : Zìrán Zhōngguó ) is an online publication by Nature Publishing Group ( NPG ) that highlights the best research being produced in Hong Kong and Mainland China in science and medicine .
ToeJam & Earl in Panic on Funkotron is a platform video game , developed by Johnson Voorsanger Productions and published by Sega in 1993 for the Mega Drive .
Physics of the Earth and Planetary Interiors , established in October 1967 , is a biweekly peer - reviewed scientific journal published by Elsevier .
The Armies of the Night is a nonfiction novel written by Norman Mailer and published by New American Library in 1968 .
The European Journal of Medicinal Chemistry is a monthly peer - reviewed scientific journal covering medicinal chemistry published by Elsevier .
Acupuncture in Medicine is a quarterly peer - reviewed medical journal published by the BMJ Group on behalf of the British Medical Acupuncture Society that covers clinical , experimental , technical and basic science aspects of medical acupuncture and related techniques .
The Dune Encyclopedia was published by Berkley Books , an imprint of Putnam , the publisher of all of Frank Herbert 's Dune novels ; the cover called the work `` complete '' and `` authorized . ''
Tom Clancy 's Ghost Recon 2 is a tactical shooter video game developed by Red Storm Entertainment and published by Ubisoft for Xbox , PlayStation 2 and GameCube .
Featuring Technician Ted , is a platform computer game for the Amstrad CPC and ZX Spectrum home computers that was published in 1984 by Hewson Consultants .
Cell Death & Differentiation is a peer reviewed academic journal published by Nature Publishing Group .
The Infernal was first published in Australia in 1997 by Random House in paperback format .
Drol is a 1983 computer game published by Brøderbund .
The Journal of Consumer Affairs is a peer - reviewed academic journal that was established in 1967 and is published by Wiley - Blackwell on behalf of the American Council on Consumer Interests .
The Vermillion Literary Project Magazine is an award - winning American literary magazine distributed by the University of South Dakota .
Social Issues and Policy Review is an annual peer - reviewed academic journal published by Wiley - Blackwell on behalf of the Society for the Psychological Study of Social Issues along with Analyses of Social Issues and Public Policy and the Journal of Social Issues .
Transhuman Space ( THS ) is a role - playing game published by Steve Jackson Games as parts of the `` Powered by GURPS '' ( Generic Universal Role - Playing System ) line .
The Doubtful Guest is a short , illustrated book by Edward Gorey , first published by Doubleday in 1957 .
Argumentation and Advocacy is a quarterly peer - reviewed academic journal published by the American Forensic Association , edited by Harry Weger of the University of Central Florida .
Le Capital au XXIe siècle , Éditions du Seuil , Paris , 2013 , ISBN 978 - 2021082289 ( French ) Capital in the Twenty - First Century , Harvard University Press , 2014 , ISBN 978 - 0674430006
Lode Runner is a platform video game first published by Brøderbund in 1983 .
Superior Beings is a BBC Books original novel written by Nick Walters and based on the long - running British science fiction television series Doctor Who .
Fasting , Feasting is a novel by Indian writer Anita Desai , first published in 1999 in Great Britain by Chatto and Windus .
FIFA Street 2 is the 2006 sequel to the EA Sports video game FIFA Street .
Annual Review of Earth and Planetary Sciences is an annual peer - reviewed scientific journal published by Annual Reviews , which broadly covers Earth and planetary sciences , including geology , atmospheric sciences , climate , geophysics , environmental science , geological hazards , geodynamics , planet formation , and solar system origins .
Toxic Grind is an extreme sports game released by THQ in 2002 for the Xbox and Gamecube .
Tiger Woods PGA Tour 07 is the ninth golfing video game in the PGA Tour series from Electronic Arts .
Joshuan 's Almanac & Book of Facts featured design by Ann Dupuis and Elizabeth Thornabene , and was published by TSR in 1995 .
The Rainbird Pattern is a thriller novel by Victor Canning , published by Heinemann in 1972 .
The Deans also sued St. Martin 's Press , publisher of Silent Coup .
The Journal of Photochemistry and Photobiology is a series of peer - reviewed scientific journals covering the fields of photochemistry and photobiology , published by Elsevier .
Police at the Funeral is a crime novel by Margery Allingham , first published in October 1931 , in the United Kingdom by Heinemann , London and in 1932 in the United States by Doubleday , Doran , New York .
The Glass Room , by British author Simon Mawer , was published in 2009 by Other Press in the United States and Little Brown in the United Kingdom .
Fire Dreamer is the second novel in the Star Dancer series , written by the British author Beth Webb and published in 2007 by Macmillan Publishers .
Every Day is Mother 's Day is the first novel by British author Hilary Mantel , published in 1985 by Chatto and Windus .
The Journal of Transatlantic Studies is published quarterly by Taylor and Francis .
Super Goal ! 2 , known in Japan as Takeda Nobuhiro no Super Cup Soccer ( 武田修宏のスーパーカップサッカー , `` Takeda Nobuhiro 's Super Cup Soccer '' ) is an international soccer video game published by Jaleco for the Super NES / Super Famicom console .
Scud Race ( stylized as SCUD Race , `` Sport Car Ultimate Drive '' ) , or otherwise known as Sega Super GT in North America , is an arcade racing game released by Sega in 1996 .
N or M ? is a work of detective fiction by Agatha Christie first published in the US by Dodd , Mead and Company in 1941 and in the UK by the Collins Crime Club in November of the same year .
And the Ass Saw the Angel is the first novel by the musician and singer Nick Cave , originally published in 1989 by Black Spring Press in the United Kingdom and Harper Collins in the United States .
Motor City Patrol was one in a line of video games that tied into the Matchbox brand of die - cast model vehicles , like police cars , ambulances , fire trucks , and earth - moving construction machines .
Powerballin ' is the second studio album by the rapper Chingy , released on November 16 , 2004 , through Capitol Records and Chingy 's Slot - A - Lot label .
Late Registration is the second studio album by American hip hop artist Kanye West , released on August 30 , 2005 , by Roc - A - Fella Records .
When All Else Fails is the fifth album by Californian punk rock band Bracket , released on May 9 , 2000 through Fat Wreck Chords .
The Ethiopian Democratic League is a political party in Ethiopia .
Jet Files is the second studio album by American rapper Curren$y . It was released digitally on October 6 , 2009 , while it was released physically on June 28 , 2011 , by Amalgam Digital .
Revenge of the Giant Robot is the debut album of Chicosci released on 2000 under EMI Philippines .
`` Häschenparty featuring Michael Wendler '' ( Bunny party ) is the third single released by Schnuffel , on 19 September 2008 by Sony BMG Germany ( Sony BMG ) .
Among the Leaves is the fifth studio album by American indie folk act Sun Kil Moon , released on May 29 , 2012 on Caldo Verde Records .
Fly Between Falls was the first album by Animal Liberation Orchestra to be released on Brushfire Records , although it was not their first record .
Viper Ethics is the first full - length studio album that Disco Ensemble made , released in 2003 in Finland by Fullsteam Records .
Dancing with Danger is the title of the second album by Leslie Phillips , released in 1984 on Myrrh Records .
It was released by RCA Records in June , 1991 and reached # 33 on the Australian singles chart ; `` Many people have told me ' ' 1000 Miles Away `` is their favourite Gurus song and it 's also among my top ten .
Taste of Chocolate is the third album by emcee Big Daddy Kane , released in late 1990 on Cold Chillin ' Records .
Giant Steps is the fifth studio album by jazz musician John Coltrane as leader , released in 1960 on Atlantic Records , catalogue SD 1311 .
Genius Loves Company is the final studio album by rhythm and blues and soul musician Ray Charles , posthumously released August 31 , 2004 on Concord Records .
New York City ( You 're a Woman ) is the fourth album by singer - songwriter Al Kooper for Columbia Records , recorded and released in 1971 .
Coping with the Urban Coyote is the first full release from the desert rock band Unida on Man 's Ruin Records .
Rocking Time is a reggae album by Jamaican musician Burning Spear , released in 1974 ( see 1974 in music ) on the Studio One label .
Africa / Brass is the eighth studio album by jazz musician John Coltrane , released in 1961 on Impulse ! Records , catalogue A-6 .
Personal Stereo is the fifth album by Norwegian electronic band Flunk released in 2007 on Beatservice Records .
`` If This Is Love '' was first released by Fascination and Polydor Records on 27 July 2008 as the lead single from Chasing Lights .
100,000,000 Bon Jovi Fans Ca n't Be Wrong is a boxed set released in 2004 on Island Records .
`` Inside That I Cried '' is a 1992 song by singer CeCe Peniston , taken from her album Finally on A&M Records .
Krupa and Rich would record again for Verve Records , their album Burnin ' Beat was released in 1962 .
ABBA Live is an album of live recordings by Swedish pop group ABBA , released by Polar Music in 1986 ( see 1986 in music ) .
As the lead - off single , `` Jump They Say '' received a considerable promotional push from Bowie 's new label , Savage Records ( though Arista Records distributed the package in Europe ) .
Big Whiskey & the GrooGrux King is the seventh studio album by Dave Matthews Band ( DMB ) , which was released by RCA Records on June 2 , 2009 .
Infadels were a London - based indie - electro band signed to the Wall of Sound record label .
The Big Deep is the fourth and final studio album by American post - hardcore band The Sleeping released on September 28 , 2010 through Victory Records .
Folksongs for a Nuclear Village is the sixth studio album by new - age / jazz group Shadowfax , their first for Capitol Records .
`` I Hate This Part '' was released on October 14 , 2008 as the second international single and impacted contemporary hit radio stations on October 20 , 2008 as the fourth single in the United States by Interscope Records .
City Nights by Nick Gilder was released in 1978 on Chrysalis Records .
Dicen Que El Tiempo is a 2007 Grammy Award nominated album and fourth musical production by Jennifer Peña released on February 27 , 2007 by Univision Music Group .
The Devil on a Bench in Stanley Park is the second album by Canadian alt - country singer - songwriter Justin Rutledge , released on October 2 , 2006 on Six Shooter Records .
Avex then declared its support for remaining TVXQ members Yunho and Changmin on November 24 , announcing that the duo have signed a new record contract with Rhythm Zone 's sister label Avex Trax .
Ski Trails is a 1956 album by Jo Stafford , with accompaniment by Paul Weston and His Orchestra , The Starlighters , and the Norman Luboff Choir .
Pale Green Ghosts is the second solo album by former The Czars frontman John Grant , released on March 11 , 2013 on the Bella Union label .
Let No - One Live Rent Free in Your Head is the second studio album from British singer Nicolette , released on 24 June 1996 by Talkin ' Loud .
Deth Red Sabaoth is the ninth studio album by Danzig , released on June 22 , 2010 through Evilive / The End Records .
A Moving Picture is the second studio album released by English rapper Devlin , via Island Records and the Universal Music Group .
Released on June 4 , 2007 in the United Kingdom and June 5 , 2007 in the United States , Systematic Chaos was the band 's first release through Roadrunner Records , which was sold to their previous label Atlantic Records , through which the band had released their previous studio album Octavarium ( 2005 ) .
Little Immaculate White Fox is the debut album of American rock singer Pearl Aday , released in January 2010 on Megaforce Records .
In Case You Did n't Know is the second studio album by English singer - songwriter Olly Murs , released on 25 November 2011 , through Epic Records .
The Black Bossalini ( aka Dr. Bomb from da Bay ) is the fifth studio album by American rapper Spice 1 , released October 28 , 1997 on Jive Records .
First charting as a hit for Smokey Robinson and the Miracles on the Tamla / Motown label in 1967 , `` I Second That Emotion '' was later a hit single for the group duet Diana Ross & the Supremes and The Temptations , also on the Motown label .
Rules of Enragement is Lewis Black 's third album as well as his first for Comedy Central Records .
Poverty 's Paradise is the fourth album from Naughty by Nature , released on May 30 , 1995 as their final album under Tommy Boy Records .
From the Forest to the Sea is the fifth full - length recording by Southeast Engine , released in 2009 on Misra Records .
Sou Hrostao Akoma Ena Klama ( Greek : Σου Χρωστάω Ακόμα Ένα Κλάμα ; English : I owe you one more cry ) is the title of the twelfth studio album by the popular Greek artist Peggy Zina , released on 4 October 2012 by Minos EMI in Greece and Cyprus .
Beat of the Mesozoic is the second EP by the American Avant - rock band Birdsongs of the Mesozoic , released in 1985 through Ace of Hearts Records .
`` Hum Along and Dance '' is a soul song written for the Motown label by Norman Whitfield and Barrett Strong .
Bad Animals is the ninth studio album by the American rock band Heart , released in 1987 through Capitol Records .
The ringtone for `` Estos Celos '' received a platinum certification for sales over 25,000 units and has been one on the top two sellers for Sony BMG Norte since the album release .
`` 7-Rooms of Gloom '' is a song recorded by the Motown Records vocal quartet The Four Tops .
Look at Them Beans is the 52nd album by country singer Johnny Cash , released in 1975 on Columbia Records .
Internet Dating Superstuds is the ninth studio album by the southern California punk rock band The Vandals , released in 2002 by Kung Fu Records .
`` You 're the Man '' is a song composed by singer Marvin Gaye and songwriter Kenneth Stover and released on the Motown subsidiary , Tamla , in the summer of 1972 .
Xecutioner 's Return is the seventh studio album by the American death metal band Obituary , released on August 28 , 2007 through Candlelight Records .
Sudden Stop is the second studio album by Canadian blues musician Colin James released in 1990 ( see 1990 in music ) on Virgin Records .
The Divine Wings of Tragedy is the third studio album by progressive metal band Symphony X , released in 1997 through Zero Corporation ( Japan ) and Inside Out Music ( Europe ) ; a remastered edition was reissued on September 13 , 2004 through Inside Out .
The video clip , also produced by Alam El Phan for the song `` Nour El Ain '' , was one of the most lavish and expensive productions in the field of Egyptian song , and set a new standard for his contemporaries to aspire to .
Fatherfucker is the third studio album by Canadian recording artist Peaches , released on September 23 , 2003 by XL Recordings .
Sirens of the Sea is the debut album by the British vocal trance group Above & Beyond presents OceanLab , released on 21 July 2008 through Anjunabeats .
Roy Orbison Sings Don Gibson is a tribute album recorded by Roy Orbison for MGM Records .
Entertainment Industries is the second album by Psy'Aviah and their first release on Alfa Matrix .
Trail of Stars is the ninth album by American alternative country band The Walkabouts released on August 2 , 1999 through Glitterhouse Records .
Kscope is releasing a remastered edition on May 31 , 2010 , that will include all Wild Opera tracks and a second CD with all nine Dry Cleaning Ray mini - album tracks , thus taking it to a double album .
Road to the Riches is the debut album by hip hop duo Kool G Rap & DJ Polo , which was released in 1989 on then - prominent hip hop label Cold Chillin ' Records .
In Some Way , Shape , or Form is the fourth full - length studio album by American rock band Four Year Strong , released through Decaydance and Universal Motown Records on November 8 , 2011 .
Thank You ( For Letting Us Be Ourselves ) is the third full - length album by Swedish hard rock band Hardcore Superstar , released by the Music for Nations record label .
Until We Have Wings is an album by Randy Stonehill , released in 1990 , on Myrrh Records .
Their third studio album , Kiss My Art , was released in August 1988 on Mushroom Records ' imprint White Label Records , which peaked in the top 30 of the ARIA albums charts in September .
Will You Find Me is the fifth studio album by American indie rock band Ida , released in 2000 on Tiger Style Records .
When You 're Through Thinking , Say Yes is the seventh studio album released by American rock band Yellowcard on March 22 , 2011 under Hopeless Records .
The Giant Records CD single release , on Giant 9280 , included an a cappella version of the `` Your Imagination '' along with the album track `` Happy Days . ''
`` Day of Light '' is a song by industrial rock band KMFDM that was first released on February 1 , 2010 , on 7 `` vinyl , and was limited to 250 copies that sold out in less than 36 hours .
City of Echoes is the third full - length album by American post - metal band Pelican , released in June 2007 on Hydra Head Records .
`` Zingolo '' is the name of both a television advertisement for Cadbury 's Dairy Milk in the UK in September 2009 , and a single by Tinny released the same month , which features in the advertisement .
Street 's Disciple is the seventh studio album by American rapper Nas , released on November 30 , 2004 , by Columbia Records .
I Would Like to See You Again is the 57th album by American country singer Johnny Cash , released on Columbia Records in 1978 .
`` Fight Music '' is also included on the greatest hits disc of Shady Records ' 15th anniversary compilation , Shady XV , which was released on November 24 , 2014 .
Taking a more electronic music sound than his previous releases , TY.O was released in December 2011 by Universal Island Records but for reasons unknown to Cruz , its British and American release were held off .
Halfway through the Pet Sounds sessions , Wilson became enamored with the Beatles ' latest album Rubber Soul ( the U.S. version that was configured by Capitol Records to have a cohesive folk rock sound ) .
Uncertain Pleasures is an album by Irish jazz singer Mary Coughlan first released in March 1990 under East West Records , a subsidiary of Warner Music Group ( at the time known as WEA ) .
The Falcon Lake Incident is the fourth studio album by Canadian singer - songwriter Jim Bryson , released October 19 , 2010 on Kelp Records and MapleMusic .
Alone with Everybody is the first solo album by English singer - songwriter Richard Ashcroft , released via Hut Records in June 2000 ( see 2000 in British music ) .
Hadestown is the fourth album by Vermont - based Anaïs Mitchell , and was released by Righteous Babe Records in the U.S. on March 9 , 2010 .
The Record Play is Mock Orange 's fourth album , released in August 2000 through Lobster Records .
Naturaliste is the eighth album by the Australian band , The Lucksmiths released in 2003 on Candle Records ( catalogue number LUCKY16 ) .
Out of Water is an album by Peter Hammill , originally released on Enigma Records in 1990 and subsequently re - released on Hammill 's own Fie label .
The Classic Roy Orbison is an album recorded by Roy Orbison on the MGM Records label and released in July 1966 .
Kauf dir einen bunten Luftballon is a 1961 West German / Austrian film directed by Géza von Cziffra .
Culo e camicia is a 1981 Italian comedy film directed by Pasquale Festa Campanile , consisting in two segments , respectively starred by Enrico Montesano and Renato Pozzetto .
Adieu Gary ( also known as `` Goodbye Gary Cooper)is a 2009 French film directed by Nassim Amaouche .
Solution No . 1 ( Persian : راه حل یک , Rāh - e ḥall - e yek‎ ) is a 1978 Iranian short film directed by Abbas Kiarostami .
Millionnaires d'un jour ( English : Millionaires for one day ) is a French comedy film from 1949 , directed by André Hunebelle , written by Alex Joffé , and starring by Gaby Morlay .
My First Forty Years ( Italian : I miei primi 40 anni , also known as My Wonderful Life ) is a 1987 Italian comedy film directed by Carlo Vanzina and starring Carol Alt , Elliott Gould and Jean Rochefort .
Kochadaiiyaan ( English : The king with a long , curly mane ) is a 2014 Indian Tamil historical fiction epic film written by K. S. Ravikumar and directed by Soundarya R. Ashwin .
Butterfly Kiss is a 1995 British film , directed by Michael Winterbottom and written by Frank Cottrell Boyce .
Punk Love was directed and written by Nick Lyon , and stars Chad Lindberg and Emma Bing .
One Froggy Evening is an approximately seven - minute long Technicolor animated short film written by Michael Maltese and directed by Chuck Jones , with musical direction by Milt Franklyn .
The Umbrellas of Cherbourg ( French : Les Parapluies de Cherbourg ) is a 1964 French / German international co - production musical film directed by Jacques Demy , starring Catherine Deneuve and Nino Castelnuovo .
Colonel Redl ( German : Oberst Redl ( original title ) ; Hungarian : Redl ezredes ) is a 1985 drama film by Hungarian director István Szabó .
The Sound and the Silence is a 1992 TV movie directed by John Kent Harrison , starring John Bach as Alexander Graham Bell .
`` The Winchester Tapes '' is an episode from the TV series M*A*S*H. The sixth episode of the sixth season , it originally aired on CBS October 18 , 1977 , with a repeat on December 27 , 1977 , and was written by Everett Greenbaum and Jim Fritzell and directed by Burt Metcalfe .
Perdonami ! ( i. e. `` Forgive me ! '' ) is a 1953 Italian melodrama film written and directed by Mario Costa and starring Raf Vallone and Antonella Lualdi .
The Haunted World of El Superbeasto is a 2009 American adult animated exploitation musical comedy horror film directed by Rob Zombie and written by Zombie and Tom Papa based on Zombie 's comic book series of the same name .
Too Beautiful for You ( French : Trop belle pour toi ) is a 1989 French comedy film - drama film written and directed by Bertrand Blier .
Learn How to Read and Write , Son ( Greek : Μάθε παιδί μου γράμματα , Mathe paidi mou grammata ) is a 1981 Greek comedy film directed by Thodoros Maragos and starring Vasilis Diamantopoulos , Nikos Kalogeropoulos , Kostas Tsakonas and Anna Mantzourani .
The City of Lost Children ( French : La cité des enfants perdus ) is a 1995 French - German - Spanish science fantasy drama film directed by Marc Caro and Jean - Pierre Jeunet and starring Ron Perlman .
Keeping the Faith is a 2000 American romantic comedy film written by Stuart Blumberg , and starring Ben Stiller , Edward Norton ( in his directorial debut ) , Jenna Elfman , Eli Wallach , and Anne Bancroft .
Adventures of Captain Fabian is a 1951 American adventure film starring Errol Flynn .
Water Drops on Burning Rocks ( French : Gouttes d'eau sur pierres brûlantes ) is a 2000 French drama film directed by François Ozon .
The Expendables 3 ( sometimes stylized as The Expendables III ) is a 2014 American ensemble action film directed by Patrick Hughes , and written by Creighton Rothenberger , Katrin Benedikt , and Sylvester Stallone .
Fumo di Londra ( internationally released as Smoke Over London and Gray Flannels ) is a 1966 Italian comedy film written , directed and starred by Alberto Sordi .
L'Ennui is a 1998 drama film directed by Cédric Kahn , starring Charles Berling and Sophie Guillemin .
The Face of Fu Manchu is a 1965 British / German co - production thriller based on the character of Fu Manchu , the Chinese villain created by Sax Rohmer .
The Perfume of the Lady in Black ( Italian : Il profumo della signora in nero ) is a 1974 Italian giallo - horror film directed by Francesco Barilli .
Mahapurush ( Bengali : মহাপুরুষ ) , or The Holy Man , is a 1965 film directed by Satyajit Ray , based on a short story Birinchibaba ( বিরিঞ্চি বাবা ) by Rajshekhar Basu .
A Blank on the Map is a BBC TV documentary written and presented by David Attenborough .
The Republic of Love is a 2003 romantic comedy - drama film directed by Deepa Mehta .
Clara 's Heart is a 1988 American drama film , based on Joseph Olshan 's acclaimed novel of the same name , directed by Robert Mulligan , written by Mark Medoff and is also Neil Patrick Harris ' debut role .
The Assassination of Trotsky is a 1972 British film directed by Joseph Losey with a screenplay by Nicholas Mosley .
Noi credevamo ( We Believed ) is a 2010 Italian drama film directed by Mario Martone , based on a screenplay by the same director and by Giancarlo De Cataldo inspired by actual historical events that occurred and by the writing of the late Anna Banti .
Break the Science Barrier is a 1996 television documentary written and presented by Richard Dawkins , which promotes the viewpoint that scientific endeavour is not only useful , but also intellectually stimulating and exciting .
Requiem for a Heavyweight was a teleplay written by Rod Serling and produced for the live television show Playhouse 90 on 11 October 1956 .
The Babysitter is a 1995 American thriller film directed by Guy Ferland and starring Alicia Silverstone based on the eponymous short story by Robert Coover in his collection Pricksongs and Descants ( 1969 ) .
The Blood of Jesus is a 1941 American race film written , directed , and starring Spencer Williams .
Absolute 100 ( Serbian : Апсолутних сто , Apsolutnih sto ) is a 2001 Serbian film written and directed by Srdan Golubović .
Carnal Circuit ( Italian : Femmine insaziabili , German : Mord i m schwarzen Cadillac , also known as The Insatiables and Beverly Hills ) is a 1969 Italian - German giallo written and directed by Alberto De Martino .
Asmalı Konak ( `` The Mansion with Vines '' ) was a Turkish TV series directed by Çağan Irmak and written by Mahinur Ergun and Meral Okay .
The Jester and the Queen ( Czech : Šašek a královna ) is a 1987 Czechoslovak comedy film directed by Věra Chytilová .
La Crème de la crème ( also titled Smart Ass ) is a 2014 French comedy - drama film directed by Kim Chapiron .
Fantozzi - Il ritorno ( `` Fantozzi - The Return '' ) is a 1996 Italian comedy film directed by Neri Parenti .
The First , the Last ( French : Les Premiers , les Derniers ) is a Belgian - French drama film written , directed by and starring Bouli Lanners .
Harikrishnans ( Malayalam : ഹരികൃഷ്ണന്‍സ് ) is a 1998 Malayalam detective comedy film written and directed by Fazil .
Nero and the Burning of Rome ( Italian : Nerone e Messalina ) is a 1953 Italian epic historical drama film directed by Primo Zeglio and loosely based on real life events of Roman emperor Nero . It was based on the novel Nerone e Messalina ( c.1949 ) by Harry Bluhmen .
That Beautiful Somewhere is a Canadian feature film written , directed and produced by Robert Budreau , produced by Ian Murray and executive produced by Bill Plumstead for Loon Film Inc. and Lumanity Productions .
The Day He Arrives ( Hangul : 북촌 방향 ; hanja : 北村 方向 ; RR : Bukchon Banghyang ; lit . `` In the direction of Bukchon '' or `` Bukchon - bound '' ) is a 2011 South Korean drama film written and directed by Hong Sang - soo .
The Toth Family ( Hungarian : Isten hozta , őrnagy úr ! ) is a 1969 Hungarian comedy - drama film directed by Zoltán Fábri .
Camerieri ( Waiters ) is a 1995 Italian comedy - drama film written and directed by Leone Pompucci .
Sons of Satan ( Italian : I bastardi , German : Der Bastard ) is a 1968 Italian crime film directed by Duccio Tessari and starring Rita Hayworth .
Dar Emtedade Shab ( in Persian : در امتداد شب ; literally : Throughout the Night ) is a 1978 Iranian drama film directed by Parviz Sayyad .
Lady L is a 1965 comedy film based on the novel by Romain Gary and directed by Peter Ustinov .
Il solco di pesca is a 1976 Italian erotic - drama film directed by Maurizio Liverani .
Salome of the Tenements is a 1925 silent film adapted to the screen by Sonya Levien from the Anzia Yezierska novel .
Interviews with My Lai Veterans is a 1970 American short documentary film directed by Joseph Strick featuring first hand accounts of the My Lai Massacre .
Deprisa , Deprisa ( English : Hurry , Hurry ! ) is a 1981 Spanish film directed by Carlos Saura .
The Heroin Busters ( Italian : La via della droga ) is a 1977 Italian crime film directed by Enzo G. Castellari and starring Fabio Testi , David Hemmings and Sherry Buchanan .
The Reflecting Skin is a 1990 British - Canadian horror film written and directed by Philip Ridley and starring Jeremy Cooper , Viggo Mortensen and Lindsay Duncan .
The Italian Job is a 1969 British caper film , written by Troy Kennedy Martin , produced by Michael Deeley and directed by Peter Collinson .
The Protagonists ( Italian : I protagonisti ) is a 1968 Italian drama film directed by Marcello Fondato .
The Gibson Goddess is a 1909 short comedy film directed by D. W. Griffith .
Neighboring Sounds ( Portuguese : O Som ao Redor ) is a 2012 Brazilian drama film directed and written by Kleber Mendonça Filho , produced by Emilie Lesclaux and starring Irandhir Santos , Gustavo Jahn and Maeve Jinkings .
Screenwriter Paul Rudnick pitched Sister Act to producer Scott Rudin in 1987 , and it was agreed that Bette Midler would be best for the lead role .
Themroc is a 1973 French film by director Claude Faraldo .
Summer of ' 42 is a 1971 American coming - of - age comedy - drama film based on the memoirs of screenwriter Herman Raucher .
Det store varpet ( English : The Big Hoard ) is a 1961 Norwegian drama film directed by Nils R. Müller , starring Finn Bernhoft , Per Christiansen and Jack Fjeldstad .
Sangue di zingara ( `` Gipsy 's blood '' ) is a 1956 Italian drama film written and directed by Maria Basaglia .
Allos gia to ekatommyrio or Alos gia / yia to ekatomirio ( Greek : Άλλος για το εκατομμύριο , Somebody for a Millionaire ) is a 1964 Greek comedy film directed by Orestis Laskos and written by Nikos Tsiforos and starring Mimis Fotopoulos , Giannis Gkionakis , Beata Assimakopoulou , Vassilis Avlonitis and Eleni Anoussaki .
A Pilot Returns ( Italian : Un pilota ritorna ) is a 1942 Italian war film directed by Roberto Rossellini and starring Massimo Girotti , Michela Belmonte and Piero Lulli .
Final Analysis is a 1992 American neo - noir drama directed by Phil Joanou and written by Wesley Strick .
A Life Less Ordinary is a 1997 American - British black comedy film directed by Danny Boyle , written by John Hodge .
Ecco noi per esempio ( `` here 's us , for example '' ) is a 1977 Italian comedy film directed by Sergio Corbucci .
La steppa is a 1962 Italian adventure film directed by Alberto Lattuada .
The Soft Skin ( French : La peau douce ) is a 1964 French - Portuguese romantic drama film directed by François Truffaut and starring Jean Desailly , Françoise Dorléac , and Nelly Benedetti .
Through the Glass is an 2008 American - Nigerian comedy film , written , directed and produced by Stephanie Okereke .
Lost in Beijing ( Chinese : 苹果 ; literally : `` apple '' ) is a 2007 Chinese film directed by Li Yu and starring Tony Leung Ka - fai , Fan Bingbing , Tong Dawei , and Elaine Jin .
`` Hell Money '' was written by Jeff Vlaming , making it his second and last script for the show after the earlier third season episode `` 2Shy '' .
Apartment 1303 is a Japanese horror film , directed by Ataru Oikawa , that revolves around a woman who investigates a series of suicides in her late sister 's apartment .
Dear Louise ( French : Chère Louise ) is a 1972 French drama film directed by Philippe de Broca .
The 10th Kingdom is an American fairytale fantasy miniseries written by Simon Moore and produced by Britain 's Carnival Films , Germany 's Babelsberg Film und Fernsehen , and the USA 's Hallmark Entertainment .
Teenage Exorcist is a 1991 American comedy horror film directed by Grant Austin Waldman and written by Brinke Stevens from a story by Fred Olen Ray .
Trick ' r Treat is a 2007 American - Canadian anthology horror - comedy film written and directed by Michael Dougherty .
Written by John Monk Saunders and Jean de Limur , with intertitles by George Marion , Jr. , the film is about four young men from various walks of life who sign up for the Lafayette Escadrille , known as `` The Legion of the Condemned '' .
Monsieur de Pourceaugnac is a 1985 French drama film directed by Michel Mitrani that is based on the 1669 play of the same name by Molière .
Aasai ( English : Adore ) is a 1995 Tamil romantic thriller film directed by Vasanth and produced by Mani Ratnam The film featured Ajith Kumar and Suvalakshmi , making her debut , in the leading roles with Prakash Raj in a pivotal role .
Le Lit is a 1982 drama film directed by Marion Hänsel and based on the 1960 novel of the same name by Dominique Rolin .
The Last Wave ( released as Black Rain in the United States ) is an Australian mystery drama film from 1977 , directed by Peter Weir .
An American Haunting is a 2005 horror film written and directed by Courtney Solomon .
I Will , I Will ... for Now is a 1976 film directed by Norman Panama .
Alaipayuthey ( English : Waves are flowing ) is a 2000 Tamil romantic drama film directed by Mani Ratnam , with a story by R.Selvaraj .
Santa Sangre ( Holy Blood ) is a 1989 Mexican - Italian avant - garde horror film directed by Alejandro Jodorowsky and written by Jodorowsky along with Claudio Argento and Roberto Leoni .
Forever Blues is a 2005 Italian drama film written , directed and starred by Franco Nero , at his debut as director .
Greed in the Sun ( French : Cent mille dollars au soleil ) is a 1964 French - Italian adventure film directed by Henri Verneuil .
`` Balance of Terror '' , written by Paul Schneider and directed by Vincent McEveety , is the fourteenth episode of the first season of the original science fiction television series , Star Trek , that first aired on December 15 , 1966 .
Anatomy of Hell ( French : Anatomie de l'enfer ) is a 2004 French erotic drama film directed by Catherine Breillat and written by Breillat based on her 2001 novel Pornocratie .
Bianchi cavalli d'Agosto ( internationally known as White Horses of Summer ) is a 1975 Italian drama film written and directed by Raimondo Del Balzo .
The Frozen North is a 1922 American short comedy film directed by and starring Buster Keaton .
Cover Boy is a 2006 Italian film by Carmine Amoroso .
Donnie Darko is a 2001 American science fiction psychological thriller drama film , written and directed by Richard Kelly , and starring Jake Gyllenhaal , Drew Barrymore , Patrick Swayze , Maggie Gyllenhaal , Noah Wyle , Jena Malone , and Mary McDonnell .
Emanuelle and the Last Cannibals ( Emanuelle E Gli Ultimi Cannibali ; a.k.a . Trap Them and Kill Them ) is a 1977 Italian sexploitation film by Joe D'Amato .
In the Name of the Pope King or In nome del papa re is a 1977 Italian drama film written , and directed by Luigi Magni .
The Pear Tree ( Derakht - e - Golabi ) is a 1998 Iranian drama movie written and directed by Dariush Mehrjui with Homayoun Ershadi and Golshifteh Farahani in the lead .
Dear Alice ( Swedish : För kärleken ) is a 2010 Swedish drama film directed by Othman Karim starring Danny Glover , Tuva Novotny and Peter Gardiner .
A Few Hours of Spring ( Quelques heures de printemps ) is a 2012 French drama film directed by Stéphane Brizé .
La Belle Noiseuse is a 1991 film directed by Jacques Rivette and starring Michel Piccoli , Jane Birkin , and Emmanuelle Béart .
Although Gary Brandner approved the director 's purchase of the right to the name The Howling and the screen credits claim that it is based on Brander 's novel The Howling III :
Humpday is a 2009 American comedy film starring Mark Duplass , Joshua Leonard , and Alycia Delmore ; and directed , produced , and written by Lynn Shelton .
Dark Habits ( Spanish : Entre tinieblas ) is a 1983 Spanish black comedy film written and directed by Pedro Almodóvar and starring Julieta Serrano , Marisa Paredes and Chus Lampreave .
Rynox is a 1932 British crime film , directed by Michael Powell and starring Stewart Rome and John Longden .
The Women on the 6th Floor ( French : Les Femmes du 6ème étage ; also known as Service Entrance ) is a 2010 French film directed by Philippe Le Guay .
History of the World , Part I is a 1981 American comedy anthology film written , produced , and directed by Mel Brooks .
Erotikon is a 1920 Swedish romantic comedy film directed by Mauritz Stiller , starring Tora Teje , Karin Molander , Anders de Wahl and Lars Hanson .
Vasuvum Saravananum Onna Padichavanga ( English Translation : Vasu and Saravanan Studied Together ) is an Indian Tamil romantic comedy film written and directed by M. Rajesh .
Das Blaue Palais is a series of five TV feature films written and directed by German author and filmmaker Rainer Erler .
Iddarammayilatho ( English : With Two Women ) is a 2013 Telugu romantic action film , directed by Puri Jagannadh , stars Allu Arjun , Amala Paul , Catherine Tresa and Shawar Ali in the lead roles .
Galaxis is a 1995 action science fiction film directed by William Mesa and written by Nick Davis .
Respiro is a 2002 Italian film written and directed by Emanuele Crialese and released in English - language markets in 2003 .
A Prussian Love Story ( German : Preußische Liebesgeschichte ) is a 1938 German historical romance film directed by Paul Martin and starring Karl Günther , Hans Nielsen and Willy Fritsch .
The Real Blonde is a 1998 movie directed and written by Tom DiCillo .
Essential Killing is a 2010 Polish political thriller film directed by Jerzy Skolimowski , starring Vincent Gallo and Emmanuelle Seigner .
The Usual Suspects is a 1995 American neo - noir mystery crime thriller film directed by Bryan Singer and written by Christopher McQuarrie .
Una spina nel cuore , internationally released as A Thorn in the Heart , is a 1986 Italian romance - drama film directed by Alberto Lattuada .
`` The Springfield Files '' is the tenth episode of The Simpsons ' eighth season , which originally aired January 12 , 1997 .
`` The Box and the Bunny '' is the second episode from the American dramedy series Ugly Betty , which aired on October 5 , 2006 .
When Nathaniel Booth died in 1770 the barony of Delamer ( cr . 1661 ) became extinct but the baronetcy was inherited by his second cousin and heir male , the Revd Sir George Booth , Rector of Ashton - Under - Lyne , who lived at Cotterstock Hall , Northamptonshire .
Akka Mahadevi ( ಅಕ್ಕ ಮಹಾದೇವಿ ) ( c.1130 - 1160 ) was one of the early female poets of the Kannada language and a prominent personality in the Veerashaiva Bhakti movement of the 12th century .
Members ' wives ( it was an all - male group ) were not allowed to befriend each another , and Abu Nidal 's wife was expected to live in isolation without friends .
Howard Atwood Kelly ( February 20 , 1858 -- January 12 , 1943 ) was an American male gynecologist , one of the `` Big Four '' founding professors at the Johns Hopkins Hospital in Baltimore , Maryland .
Ma Liwen ( born 1971 ) is a female Chinese film director .
Jean - Michel Bellot ( born 16 December 1953 in Neuilly - sur - Seine , Hauts - de - Seine ) is a retired male pole vaulter from France .
Atika Suri had been nominated as the most favorite female news presenter of the Panasonic Awards in 2000 .
Sakshi Shivanand was a female sensation of late 90s .
Alberto Arilla ( born December 24 , 1937 in Barcelona ) is a former Spanish male tennis player .
Francesca Petitjean ( born November 30 , 1962 ) is a French professional female bodybuilder who was active in the 1980s and 1990s .
Heidi Miller ( born Santa Monica , California , born c. 1958 ) is an American female bodybuilder who held the title Ms. Natural America in 1981 .
Ladyfire was a band assembled by producer Dick Bauerle featuring female vocalists Laurie Moran , Jean Deegan , and Winnie Bergner .
( GiMA 2012)- Nandini Srikar won the best playback singer female for her song Bhare Naina in Ra . One .
Rajah Baguinda Ali had no male heir , but had a daughter called Dayang - dayang Paramisuli .
Ayşe Taş ( born 19 February 1987 ) is a Turkish female boxer compeing in the Bantamweight ( 54 kg ) division .
María Trujillo Tenorio de Rios ( born October 19 , 1959 ) is a retired female marathon runner from Mexico , who later represented the United States .
Teresė Nekrošaitė ( born October 19 , 1961 in Bitvanas , Kaunas ) is a retired female javelin thrower from Lithuania .
İrem Yaman is a world champion Turkish female taekwondo practitioner competing in the lightweight division , and an amateur kickboxer .
Marjan al - Katib al - Islami ( Persian : Marjan Kateb Islami ) a famous female Iranian calligrapher who lived in Safavid Persia under 17th century .
Julieta Pinto ( born on July 31 , 1922 in San José , Costa Rica ) is a female educator and writer .
Craig Biddle ( 24 October 1879 -- 1947 ) was an American male tennis player who was active in the second decade of the 20th century .
Meltem Akar ( born May 12 , 1982 ) is a Turkish female boxer competing in the light flyweight ( 48 kg ) division .
Viktor Mitrou ( Βίκτωρ Μήτρου ; born June 24 , 1973 ) is a retired male Greek weightlifter .
An article in a Romanian newspaper in the 1950s acknowledged the death of the last direct male descendant of Radu Mihnea Voda , Dumitru Radulescu(Radu)- a church , artist painter .
Hwang Sun - ai ( Hangul : 황선애 , Hanja : 黄善愛 ) ( born 1962 in Daejeon ) is a retired female badminton player from South Korea .
George Castledine was knighted for his services to the health care profession in 2007 , only the third male nurse ever to receive a knighthood .
Performer Magazine The band 's frontwoman , the sinisterly pretty Louisa Rachel Solomon , has a talent for androgynous sass , nailing the exact sound where male becomes female .
In her first Senate term ( 2005 - -06 ) , Julia Boseman was ranked the 20th most effective senator ( of 50 ) , giving her the highest ranking ever for a first - term female senator and the second highest ever for a freshman .
Zhou Gaoping ( born October 20 , 1986 in Taizhou , Jiangsu ) is a female Chinese football player who competed for the national team in the 2008 Summer Olympics .
Peretta Peronne was an exceptionally prominent unlicensed female surgeon operating in Paris in the early fifteenth century .
Gyöngyi Likerecz ( born May 28 , 1983 in Oroszlány , Komárom - Esztergom ) is a retired female weightlifter from Hungary .
Josef Lontscharitsch ( born April 11 , 1970 in Madrid , Spain ) is a retired Austrian male road cyclist .
Frances Marion ( November 18 , 1888 -- May 12 , 1973 ) was an American journalist , author , film director and screenwriter often cited as the most renowned female screenwriter of the 20th century alongside June Mathis and Anita Loos .
Michele Fioroni ( born February 16 , 1965 in Perugia , Italy ) is a male former tennis player from Italy .
Galeria Copiola ( 96 BC -- 9 AD or after ) was an ancient Roman dancer ( emboliara ) whom Pliny includes in a list of notable female nonagenarians and centenarians in his Natural History .
Kim Longinotto ( born 1952 ) is a British documentary film maker , well known for making films that highlight the plight of female victims of oppression or discrimination .
Rebecca Bellingham ( born Gordon on 7 March 1978 in Auckland , New Zealand ) is a female badminton player from New Zealand .
Shao Ning ( Chinese : 邵寧 ; born 1982 - 02 - 17 in Shandong ) is a male Chinese judoka who competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics in the Half heavyweight ( 90 - -100 kg ) event .
Sarah Gibson Blanding ( November 22 , 1898 -- March 3 , 1985 ) was an American educator and academic administrator who served as Vassar 's sixth president ( 1946 - -1964 ) and its first female president .
Ginnette del Rosario Selmo ( born May 12 , 1986 in Santo Domingo ) is a female volleyball player from the Dominican Republic , who participated with the women 's national team at the 2007 World Cup in Japan .
Jacksonville Jane Doe ( officially known as Jane Doe 95 - 7000 ) is the name given to a set of female human remains , discovered in Jacksonville , Onslow County , North Carolina on December 6 , 1995 .
Rakshya Rana ( Nepali : रक्षा राणा ) ( Born 7 November 1967 ) is Nepal 's first female pilot .
Tennur Yerlisu Lapa ( born Tennur Yerlisu on November 2 , 1966 ) is a former World and European champion Turkish female Taekwondo practitioner .
Zhang Lianbiao ( born 25 January 1969 ) is a retired male javelin thrower from PR China .
Cilly Aussem ( German pronunciation : ( ˈʦiːli̯ə ˈaʊ̯sm ) ; Cologne , 4 January 1909 -- 22 March 1963 in Portofino , Italy ) was a German female tennis player .
Astrid Kumbernuss ( born 5 February 1970 in Grevesmühlen , Mecklenburg - Vorpommern ) is a former German female shot putter and discus thrower .
An Ivy Parker Memorial Scholarship was established by the Society of Women Engineers for female engineering students .
Michaela Staniford ( born January 11 , 1987 ) is an English female rugby union player .
Xie Xingfang ( born January 8 , 1981 , in Guangzhou , Guangdong ) is a female badminton player from the China .
Gehan Rateb is one of the most famous Middle Eastern artists of her time , as she was one of the leading artists to bring back acting and singing career in one , and became an idol to follow her steps by other female artists in Egypt .
Marian Schole ( born January 21 , 1986 in Berlin , Germany ) is a male field hockey player , who played for the Canada national field hockey team .
Takayo Hashi ( 端貴代 Hashi Takayo born October 2 , 1977 ) is a Japanese female mixed martial artist .
Li Zhesi ( Chinese : 李哲思 ; pinyin : Li Zhésī ; born 7 August 1995 in Shenyang , Liaoning ) is a female Chinese swimmer , who competed for Team China at the 2008 Summer Olympics .
Wu Zhiyu ( born 9 September 1983 in Shanghai ) is a male Chinese water polo player who was part of the gold medal winning team at the 2006 Asian Games .
Oh Ha - na ( born January 8 , 1985 in Seongnam , Gyeonggi - do ) is a female fencer from South Korea .
Herta Ehlert ( née Liess ; 26 March 1905 , Berlin -- 4 April 1997 ) was a female guard at many Nazi concentration camps during the Holocaust .
Yao Jingyuan ( Chinese : 姚景远 ; born 1958 in Yingkou , Liaoning ) is a male Chinese weightlifter .
Valdemar Psilander ( 9 May 1884 -- 6 March 1917 ) was a Danish silent film actor , who was the highest paid performer of his period and received critical acclaim as the greatest male lead during the golden era of Danish cinema .
Alex MacFarlane is an intersex person born with XXY sex chromosomes in Victoria , Australia .
MacKinzie Kline ( born March 30 , 1992 in La Jolla , California ) is an American female golfer who suffers from a heart defect known as heterotaxy syndrome as a result of being born with only one ventricle .
Carla Borghetti ( 18 September 1971 in Buenos Aires ) is a female singer who specializes in Tango music .
Bambi Graffiti ( circa 1982 - ) is the tag name for a female English graffiti artist from London , UK .
Hamide Bıkçın Tosun ( born January 24 , 1978 ) is a female Turkish Taekwondo athlete , who competed in the Women 's 49 - -57 kg weight class at the 2000 Summer Olympics held in Sydney , Australia and won the bronze medal .
Dias Omirzakov ( born 13 July 1992 ) is a Kazakhstani male track cyclist .
Hiroe Amano is a retired female badminton player of Japan who won several international and national titles in the 1960s .
Tara Devi Tuladhar ( Devanagari : तारा देवी तुलाधर ) ( 21 August 1931 -- 27 November 2012 ) was Nepal 's first female blood donor and a social worker who dedicated her life to serving society .
During the first half of 2009 , André Rieu was the world 's most successful male touring artist , according to Billboard magazine .
The eight - part BBC series about three female murderers , titled A Question of Guilt ( 1980 ) , features Prue Clarke as Constance Kent and Joss Ackland as Samuel Kent .
Her song `` Shake It To The Ground , '' produced in collaboration with Blaqstarr , was a club hit in 2006 , leading to local speculation that Rye Rye could be a fresh , new female success within hip hop music .
Park Tae - kyong ( born 30 July 1980 ) is a male hurdler from South Korea .
Blanca Charolet ( full name Blanca Charolet López ; born 1953 ) is a photographer , the first female photojournalist to work for a Mexican newspaper .
Airi L is a female vocalist who had a hit in the UK with a pre - release cover version of `` When Love Takes Over '' by David Guetta featuring Kelly Rowland .
Ivana Isailović ( Serbian : Ивана Исаиловић ; born January 1 , 1986 in Šabac , SFR Yugoslavia ) is a female professional volleyball player from Serbia , who was a member of the Serbia women 's national volleyball team that won the silver medal at the 2007 European Championship in Belgium and Luxembourg .
Rosa Medrano ( born April 16 , 1985 in San Cristóbal ) is a female volleyball and beach volleyball player from the Dominican Republic , who won the silver medal with her native country at the 2002 NORCECA Girls Youth Continental Championship U-18 .
Juanita McNeely ( b. 1936 , St. Louis , Missouri ) is an American feminist artist known for her bold works that illustrate the nude female experience in her figurative paintings , prints , paper cut - outs and ceramic pieces .
In 1964 , Down Beat jazz critic Leonard Feather chose Salena Jones as one of the female vocalists of the year , alongside Peggy Lee , Ella Fitzgerald ( also from Newport News ) and Nancy Wilson .
Frédéric Viret was a French choirmaster , composer of sacred music and leader of a well - established society of amateur male and female choristers of high vocal range and very rare quality among most choristers in Paris .
Antigoni Roumpesi or Antigoni Roumbesi ( Greek : Αντιγόνη Ρουμπέση , born 19 July 1983 in Athens ) is a female Greek water polo player , World Aquatics gold champion and Olympic silver medalist with the Greek national team .
By the 12th century , male companions no longer tended to wield great power at the ducal or imperial courts , and the name Mizi Xia had become associated with common male prostitutes .
Duan Linxi ( Chinese : 段林希 ; pinyin : Duàn Línxī ; born 14 October 1990 in Baoshan , Yunnan ) , English name Jeremy , is a female Chinese singer , famous in China after winning the nationwide singing contest Super Girl in 2011 .
Jurairat Ponleka ( Thai : จุไรรัตน์ ผลเลขา ) ( born 6 October 1991 ) is a retired Thai female volleyball player .
Abdulrahim Abdulhameed ( born March 31 , 1990 ) is a male Bahraini Taekwondo practitioner .
Selina Özuzun Doğan ( born Selina Özuzun in 1977 ) , aka Selina Doğan , is a female Turkish politician of Armenian ethnicity .
Fabian Velardes ( born March 6 , 1984 in La Calera , Córdoba Province ) is a male middleweight boxer from Argentina .
Lin Man - ting ( Chinese : 林曼婷 , born July 10 , 1990 in Hualien , Taiwan ) , or ' Claire ' , is a Taiwanese female footballer with Amis descent .
Riki Michele ( born Michele Bunch , currently Michele Palmer ) is a female Christian alternative music artist .
Iain Harnden ( born 23 September 1976 ) is a retired male hurdler from Zimbabwe .
Truid Blaisse - Terwindt ( 4 April 1917 -- 27 December 2002 ) was a Dutch female hockey- and tennis player who was active in the 1930s and 1940s .
Mariyam Unoosha ( Born 6 October 1985 ) , known mononymously as Unoosha is a Maldivian female singer and songwriter .
The cult of Tetri Giorgi is syncretic , being a combination of the Christian patron saint of Georgia and a pagan moon deity , which , in Georgian folk tradition , represents the male principle .
Pernette Du Guillet ( c.1520 -- July 7 , 1545 ) was a female French poet of the Renaissance .
The Honeys were a kind of female counterpart to the Beach Boys ;
Olga Zhanibekova ( born July 15 , 1986 in Aktobe ) is a female freestyle wrestler from Kazakhstan who participated in Women 's freestyle wrestling 72 kg at 2008 Summer Olympics .
Émilie Loit ( born 9 June 1979 ) is a retired French professional female tennis player .
Roberto de Jesús is a male beach volleyball player from Dominican Republic , who participated the 2006 NORCECA Men 's Beach Volleyball Continental Championship with Ezequiel Castillo .
Jacobo Díaz Ruiz ( born 11 July 1976 ) is a former professional male tennis player from Spain who retired in 2004 .
Gianpiero D. Palermo is the developer of the revolutionary procedure known as intracytoplasmic sperm injection ( ICSI ) , which is able to overcome male infertility in many cases .
Jasmien Biebauw ( born 24 September 1990 ) is a Belgian female volleyball player , playing as a setter .
Ezell writes , `` Mary Fage lays claim to being , if not the first female professional writer , then the one most blatant in her search for patronage . ''
Meta Štoka ( born June 23 , 1949 ) is former a Yugoslav and Slovenian female professional basketball player .
The Geezer Bandit is suspected to be a white male between the ages of 60 - 70 years old who is between 5'10 `` and 6'0 '' and between 190 to 200 lb with an average build , and judging from footage and eyewitness accounts , he is left - handed .
Ma Jin ( simplified Chinese : 马晋 ; traditional Chinese : 馬晉 ; pinyin : Mǎ Jìn ; born May 7 , 1988 in China ) is a female badminton player from China who specialises in women 's doubles and mixed doubles .
Daishi Dance ( born Daishi Suzuki ( 鈴木大士 Suzuki Daishi ) in 1976 ) is a male Japanese DJ and record producer .
Anaïs Lagougine ( born September 24 , 1981 ) is a French female rugby union player .
Mulan Jameela ( born August 23 , 1979 in Garut ; previously known as Mulan Kwok ) is an Indonesian female solo singer .
Baseball at the 2007 Pan American Games took place at Cidade do Rock which received temporary facilities for baseball competitions , with a stadium and training fields .
Elise Alsand ( born 1972 ) is a Norwegian team handball player who played for the club Nordstrand IF and on the Norway women 's national handball team .
Epi Taione ( a.k.a . Paddy Power ) ( born 2 March 1979 ) is a former Tongan rugby union footballer whose last club was London Welsh .
Giorgos Balogiannis ( Greek : Γιώργος Μπαλογιάννης ; born January 17 , 1971 in Athens , Greece ) is a retired Greek professional basketball player .
Ben McCalman ( born 18 March 1988 in Dubbo , New South Wales ) is an Australian rugby union footballer .
Valdas Vasylius ( born 3 September 1983 ) is a Lithuanian basketball player who plays for Lietkabelis Panevėžys of the Lithuanian League .
The 2013 UCI Juniors Track World Championships was the 10th annual Junior World Championship for track cycling held at the Sir Chris Hoy Velodrome in Glasgow , Scotland from 7 to 11 August 2013 .
Tyler Roehl ( born January 29 , 1986 ) is an American football coach and former running back .
Newcastle Thunder is a professional rugby league club based in Newcastle upon Tyne , England .
The Chicago Pirates were a baseball team in the Players ' League for a single season in 1890 .
Sofia Polgar ( Hungarian : Polgár Zsófia , pronounced ( ˈpolɡaːr ˈʒoːfiɒ ) ) ; born November 2 , 1974 ) is a Hungarian , Israeli and Canadian chess player , teacher , and artist .
Abdel Moneim Wahby ( November 11 , 1911 -- May 8 , 1988 ) was an Egyptian basketball player , referee and administrator .
The 1982 Toronto Molson Light Challenge was a tennis tournament , won by Ivan Lendl 7 - -5 , 3 - -6 , 7 - -6 , 7 - -5 against John McEnroe .
Bernard Tomic ( /tɔːmɪk/ ; born 21 October 1992 ) is an Australian professional tennis player who as of 11 January 2016 is ranked world No . 17 by the Association of Tennis Professionals ( ATP ) , his career high ranking .
The 1925 Emperor 's Cup was a Japanese association football competition .
The TSV Victoria Linden is a German rugby union club from the Linden suburb of Hannover , currently playing in the Rugby - Bundesliga .
The 1990 Volvo International was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts in New Haven , Connecticut in the United States and was part of the Championship Series of the 1990 ATP Tour .
The 1995 Kyrgyzstan League is the 4th season of Kyrgyzstan League , the Football Federation of Kyrgyz Republic 's top division of association football .
Perry Young ( born August 4 , 1963 in Baltimore , Maryland ) is a retired professional basketball shooting guard who played one season in the National Basketball Association ( NBA ) with the Portland Trail Blazers and the Chicago Bulls during the 1986 - -87 season .
The 2011 Australian Open was a tennis tournament featuring six different competitions , and part of the 2011 ATP World Tour , the 2011 WTA Tour , ITF Junior Tour and the NEC Tour , as tournaments for professional , junior and wheelchair players were held .
Krzysztof Pytel ( born 15 May 1945 ) is a Polish chess player who twice won the Polish Chess Championship ( 1972 , 1973 ) .
Jan Apell ( born 4 November 1969 ) is a former tennis player from Sweden , who won the Davis Cup in 1994 in doubles .
Ineabelle Díaz Santana ( born January 4 , 1974 in Río Piedras ) is a Puerto Rican taekwondo practitioner , who competed in the women 's welterweight category .
The Bulgaria Fed Cup team represents Bulgaria in Fed Cup tennis competition and are governed by the Bulgarian Tennis Federation .
Club Argentino de Rugby , simply known as Argentino , is an Argentine rugby union club .
The 2014 South Seas Island Resort Women 's Pro Classic was a professional tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts .
Santa Monica Rugby Club is a rugby union club from Santa Monica , California , United States .
Lea Ann Parsley ( born June 12 , 1968 ) is a retired American skeleton racer from Granville , Ohio .
Troy Stark ( January 2 , 1973 - June 1 , 2001 ) was an American football offensive lineman .
Liene Jansone ( born 22 May 1981 in Riga ) is a Latvian women 's basketball player who has most recently played for the Tarsus Belediyesi of the Turkish Women 's Basketball League and is member of the Latvian national team .
The BSK Olympia Neugablonz is a German association football club from the Neugablonz suburb of the city of Kaufbeuren , Bavaria .
The 2002 CONCACAF Gold Cup was the sixth edition of the Gold Cup , the association football championship of North America , Central America and the Caribbean ( CONCACAF ) .
The SVO Germaringen is a German association football club from Germaringen , Bavaria .
VC Zellik ( Volleybalclub Zellik ) was a Belgian former professional volleyball club from the urbanised town of Zellik .
The Switzerland Davis Cup team represents Switzerland in the Davis Cup tennis competition and is governed by Swiss Tennis .
Karin Kschwendt ( born 14 September 1968 ) is a former professional tennis player who represented Austria , Germany and Luxembourg at various points in her career .
Eusebio Guiñazú ( born 15 January 1982 in Mendoza , Argentina ) is an Argentine rugby union player who plays for Munster .
Annette Skotvoll ( born September 1 , 1968 in Trondheim ) is a Norwegian team handball player ( goalkeeper ) and Olympic medalist .
The 1997 British Lions tour to South Africa was a series of matches played by the British Lions rugby union team in South Africa .
The annually recurring Great Tibetan Marathon is a marathon takes place on the Tibetan Plateau in northern India - also known as little Tibet .
Christinna Pedersen ( born May 12 , 1986 ) is an internationally elite badminton player from Ålborg , Denmark .
The Mieses Opening is a chess opening that begins with the move : 1 .
Ilga Kļaviņa ( born March 9 , 1941 , Riga , Latvia as Ilga Dzenīte ) is a Latvian chess player .
Daryl Corletto ( born 24 August 1981 ) is an Australian - British professional basketball player who currently plays for the Plymouth Raiders of the British Basketball League ( BBL ) as a player / coach .
Guillermo Vilas ( Spanish pronunciation : ( giˈʃeɾmo ˈbilas ) ; born 17 August 1952 ) is a retired professional tennis player from Argentina who won four major singles titles .
Stefan Nguyen ( Vietnamese : Nguyễn Tuấn Tú ; born 24 February 1992 ) is a Swedish professional basketball player for the Saigon Heat of the ASEAN Basketball League .
Elin Bergblom ( born 1982 ) is a Swedish professional badminton player .
The Tacoma Sabercats were an American professional minor league ice hockey team based in Tacoma , Washington .
WBC Dynamo Kursk ( In Russian : ЖБК `` Динамо '' Курск ) is a Russian women 's basketball club from Kursk playing in the Russian Premier League .
Kochi Tuskers Kerala was a franchise cricket team that played in the Indian Premier League ( IPL ) representing the city of Kochi , Kerala .
The 2008 Tohoku Rakuten Golden Eagles season was a season in Japanese baseball .
The UEFA Best Player in Europe Award is an association football award given to the footballer playing for a football club in Europe that is considered the best in the previous season .
Jackson Melián ( born January 7 , 1980 ) is a Venezuelan professional baseball outfielder .
Midleton RFC is an Irish rugby union club that currently plays in Division 2B of the All - Ireland League .
Byron Marshall ( born c. 1994 ) is an American football running back and wide receiver .
Gabriela Sedláková ( born 2 March 1968 ) is a former Czechoslovak track and field athlete who competed in the 800 metres .
Jeff Pain ( born December 14 , 1970 ) is an American - born , Canadian skeleton racer who has competed since 1995 .
The Santaizi ATP Challenger is a tennis tournament held in Taipei City , Taiwan since 2014 .
The Nimzo - Indian Defence is a chess opening characterised by the moves : 1 .
Brenden Dillon ( born November 13 , 1990 ) is a Canadian born professional ice hockey player currently playing with the San Jose Sharks of the National Hockey League ( NHL ) .
Martin Živný ( born 20 March 1981 ) is a Czech professional association football player .
Valentin Morozov ( Russian : Валентин Морозов ; born June 1 , 1975 ) is a former Russian professional ice hockey player who spent the majority of his career in the Russian Super League .
The 1973 CFL Draft composed of nine rounds where 93 Canadian football players were chosen from eligible Canadian universities and , for the first time , Canadian players playing in the NCAA .
Adel Massaad ( born June 24 , 1964 ) is a professional table tennis player .
Sandis Buškevics ( born 28 January 1977 , Ventspils , Latvia ) is a former Latvian professional basketball defender , who is the assistant coach of Lietuvos Rytas Vilnius .
Jeanne Arth ( born July 21 , 1935 , in Saint Paul , Minnesota ) is an American former Wimbledon and US Championships doubles tennis title holder .
HC Most is an ice hockey team in Most , Czech Republic .
Markus Penz ( born June 6 , 1975 in Innsbruck ) is an Austrian skeleton racer who has competed since 2002 .
Jordan Krestanovich ( born June 14 , 1981 ) is a Canadian professional ice hockey player who is the former player - head coach for the Braehead Clan in the British Elite Ice Hockey League .
The DJK Vilzing is a German association football club from the village of Vilzing , located near Cham , Bavaria .
Mariam Traore ( born 1980 ) is an Ivorian team handball player .
The 1994 WTA German Open was a professional women 's tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts in Berlin , Germany .
The 2010 Karjala Tournament is an ice hockey tournament that took place between November 11 and November 14 , 2010 .
Ninja Golf is an Atari 7800 video game which combines scrolling beat 'em up with golf simulation gameplay .
Kubota Spears is a Japanese rugby union team which is based in Funabashi , Chiba and they play in the Top League .
Miyu Nagaoka ( 長岡望悠 Nagaoka Miyu , born July 25 , 1991 ) is a Japanese volleyball player who plays for Hisamitsu Springs .
The Danish Women 's Handball League ( Danish : Damehåndboldligaen ) is the top professional league for Danish women 's handball clubs .
Panagiotis Giannakis ( Greek : Παναγιώτης Γιαννάκης , pronounced ( panaˈʝotis ʝaˈnacis ) ; born January 1 , 1959 ) , nicknamed `` The Dragon '' , is a retired Greek professional basketball player and a current professional basketball coach of continental reputation .
Ice Hockey UK ( IHUK ) is the national governing body of the sport of ice hockey in the United Kingdom .
Nico Motchebon ( born 13 November 1969 in Berlin ) is a former German 800 metres runner .
Joseph Jerome Lambert ( May 29 , 1971 -- August 11 , 2007 ) was an American expatriate basketball player who is best known for leading NCAA Division I in rebounding in 1993 - -94 while playing for Baylor .
Rita Varnienė ( born 9 May 1973 ) , née Dambravaitė , is a Lithuania chess player who won the Lithuanian Chess Championship for women two times ( 1991 , 1999 ) .
Luke Gross ( born November 21 , 1969 ) is an American former rugby union player and current rugby coach and administrator .
Ruy de Freitas ( August 24 , 1916 -- August 2 , 2012 ) was a Brazilian basketball player , who competed in two consecutive Summer Olympics , starting in 1948 .
The 2005 DFS Classic was a tennis tournament played on grass courts at the Edgbaston Priory Club in Birmingham in the United Kingdom that was part of Tier III of the 2005 WTA Tour .
Qingdao Hailifeng F.C. ( Chinese : 青岛海利丰足球俱乐部 ) , previously named Qingdao JVC Zhengyi , Qingdao Benda , Hefei Chuangyi , Qingdao Aokema and Qingdao Haixin is a former professional association football club in the Chinese Football Association Jia League .
SG Wattenscheid 09 is a German association football club located in Wattenscheid which was a separate town until 1975 , since then it is a quarter of Bochum , North Rhine - Westphalia .
Patrice Collazo ( born 27 April 1974 in La Seyne - sur - Mer , Var ) is a French rugby union footballer , currently playing in the Top 14 for Racing Métro 92 Paris .
Viktor Hübl ( born August 12 , 1978 ) is a Czech professional ice hockey player and former National Team member .
Ned Lukacevic ( born February 11 , 1986 ) is a professional ice hockey left winger .
The Manawatu Jets were a professional basketball team that played in the New Zealand National Basketball League .
János Mátyus ( born 20 December 1974 in Budapest ) is a Hungarian association football player .
A.S.D. Chiavari Calcio Caperana was an Italian association football club , based in Caperana , a frazione of Chiavari , Liguria .
Dennis Hopson ( born April 22 , 1965 ) is a retired American professional basketball player and until the end of the 2013 - 14 season was an assistant coach at Bowling Green State University .
In 2008 , Rocca opened his own golf academy , the Costantino Rocca Golf Academy , at Golf Club Gerre Losone in Switzerland .
Art Hampson ( born March 27 , 1947 ) is a retired ice hockey player that was drafted by the Chicago Black Hawks in the 1st round with the 5th overall pick of the 1963 NHL Draft .
The 2015 Men 's European Volleyball League was the 12th edition of the annual men 's European Volleyball League , which features men 's national volleyball teams from twelve European countries .
Brunflo IK is a Swedish ice hockey club based in Brunflo .
The NWA Anarchy Heavyweight Championship is the top title for NWA Anarchy professional wrestling promotion .
Bleddyn Williams MBE ( 22 February 1923 -- 6 July 2009 ) , was a Welsh rugby union centre .
The Victorian Football League ( VFL ) which evolved from the former Victorian Football Association ( VFA ) , taking its new name as from the 1996 season , is the major state - level Australian rules football league in Victoria .
The Huntsville Channel Cats was a professional ice hockey team based in Huntsville , Alabama .
Eintracht Frankfurt e . V. ( German pronunciation : ( ˈʔaɪ̯ntʁaxt ˈfʁaŋkfʊɐt ) ) is a German sports club based in Frankfurt , Hesse , that is best known for its association football club , currently playing in the Bundesliga , the top tier of the German football league system .
The New South Wales Country Cockatoos is an amateur representative rugby union football team .
Jérôme Dekeyser ( born 15 December 1983 ) is a Belgian international field hockey player for Braxgata in Antwerp who is usually plays as an attacker .
Lee Odelein ( born March 4 , 1967 ) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey defenseman .
Limburg United , for sponsorship reasons named Hubo Limburg United , is a professional basketball club based in Hasselt , Limburg , Belgium .
Theo Anast ( born 1966 in Armidale , Australia ) was a rugby league player for the Canterbury Bulldogs in the Australian New South Wales Rugby League premiership and St Gaudens in the French Elite Championship .
Dainese ( pronounced die - neh - zeh ) is an Italian manufacturer of protective wear for motorcycling , mountain biking and downhill skiing .
Vendée Challans Basket is a French basketball club based in the city of Challans and playing in NM1 .
The 2013 Swiss Open Grand Prix Gold was a badminton tournament held in St. Jakobshalle , Basel , Switzerland from March 12 until March 17 , 2013 .
Mike Carman ( born April 14 , 1988 ) is an American bandy player and former professional ice hockey player .
Levitsky versus Marshall is a famous game of chess played by Stepan Levitsky and Frank Marshall .
Gene Fairbanks ( born 8 August 1982 in Goondiwindi , Australia ) is a professional Australian rugby union footballer .
Ron Baxter is a former basketball forward who played for the University of Texas Men 's Basketball team from 1977 to 1980 and helped lead the Longhorns to the 1978 NIT Championship .
The Metropolitan Club ( the New York Metropolitans or the Mets ) was a 19th - century professional baseball team that played in New York City from 1880 to 1887 .
Maurice Beyina ( born August 8 , 1971 in Saint - Denis , France ) is a French basketball player who played for French league Pro - A clubs Bourg and Nancy during the 2002 - 2004 seasons .
Samppa Lajunen ( born 23 April 1979 in Turku ) is a retired Finnish Nordic combined athlete who competed during the late 1990s and early 2000s .
The Thailand Basketball League ( TBL ) ( Thai : ไทยแลนด์บาสเกตบอลลีก ) is a men 's professional basketball league in Thailand .
The AFC Cup is an annual international association football competition between domestic clubs run by the Asian Football Confederation ( AFC ) .
The Canadian Amateur Hockey Association ( CAHA ) was the national governing body of amateur ice hockey play in Canada from 1914 until 1994 when it merged with the Canadian Hockey Association or Hockey Canada .
Alexander Petrenko ( February 4 , 1976 -- July 21 , 2006 ) was a Russian professional basketball player .
Troy Coker ( born 30 May 1965 in Brisbane ) is a former Australian international rugby union player .
Mark Keil ( born June 3 , 1967 in Mountain View , California ) is a former professional tennis player from the United States and now tennis coach who won five ATP World Tour doubles tournaments and was runner up at eight more .
Weald Warriors RLFC are a rugby league team playing in the London and South East Championship of the Rugby League Conference London & South Division .
Dr. Martin Christoffel ( 21 September 1922 -- 3 April 2001 ) was a Swiss chess champion born in Basel .
Berliner Sport - Club , commonly known as Berliner SC , is a German association football club based in Berlin .
Robert Aghasaryan ( born 1 March 1994 , Yerevan , Armenia ) is an Armenian chess champion .
Robert Ramillon is a French tennis professional player of the 1930s and is the winner of French Pro in 1932 .
Whittlebury Park is a golf and camping resort located in Whittlebury , South Northamptonshire , England , near Silverstone circuit .
The 2002 Hong Kong Open was a men 's tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts in Hong Kong in the People 's Republic of China and was part of the International Series of the 2002 ATP Tour .
The 1967 Football League Cup Final was an association football match between Queens Park Rangers ( QPR ) and West Bromwich Albion on 4 March 1967 at Wembley Stadium , London .
Zdravko Radulović ( born December 12 , 1966 ) is a retired Croatian professional basketball player , who is now a coach .
Martin Andreas Schreiber ( born July 21 , 1987 ) is a Swedish basketball player who last played for Zornotza ST in the Spanish third division .
Pedrie Wannenburg ( born 2 January 1981 in Nelspruit ) is a South African rugby union player who plays for Oyonnax in the French Top 14 .
Berthold Koch ( 22 February 1899 -- 2 May 1988 ) was a German chess master and journalist .
Tien Lei ( Chinese : 田壘 ; born June 1 , 1983 in Kaohsiung City , Taiwan ) is a Taiwanese professional basketball player .
Padasak Tanviriyavechakul ( Thai : ภาดาศักดิ์ ตันวิริยะเวชกุล ; rtgs : Phadasak Tanwiriyawetchakun , born 17 May 1995 ) is a Thai table tennis player .
Christopher Tolofua ( b. December 31 , 1993 ) is a French rugby union player who currently plays for Toulouse .
The Guelph Biltmore Mad Hatters were a junior ice hockey team in the Ontario Hockey Association from 1940 to 1942 , and 1947 to 1960 .
Budapest Stars is a Hungarian ice hockey team that currently plays in the OB I bajnokság and in the MOL Liga .
Maia Lomineishvili ( born 1977 ) is a Georgian chess player , and an international master .
The 2010 BWF World Junior Championships ( badminton ) were held in Guadalajara , Mexico from April 16 to 25 , 2010 .
Mike Palefau is an American rugby union player who plays center in 7s and wing in 15s .
The Scranton Miners were an Eastern Professional Basketball League basketball team based in Scranton , Pennsylvania that was a member of the American Basketball League .
The 2010 WAFU Nations Cup was the first edition of the WAFU Nations Cup , an association football tournament organised by the West African Football Union .
The British Hard Court Championships is a defunct Grand Prix tennis and WTA Tour affiliated tennis tournament played from 1968 to 1983 and 1995 to 1996 .
Simon Hodgkinson ( born 15 December 1962 ) is a former England international rugby union player .
Luke Roberts ( born 25 January 1977 ) is an Australian racing cyclist specialising in both track cycling and road bicycle racing , on Stölting - Ruhr for road racing .
The 2008 Copenhagen Masters in badminton was the 16th edition of the Copenhagen Masters .
The VfB Helmbrechts is a German association football club from the city of Helmbrechts , Bavaria .
FC Malesh Mikrevo is a Bulgarian association football club based in the village of Mikrevo , Blagoevgrad Province , which currently competes in the West B PFG , the second tier of the Bulgarian football league system .
Gervasio González `` Strique '' Ojarul ( born 1884 - death date unknown ) was a Cuban baseball catcher in the Cuban League and Negro leagues .
The 1994 Athens International was a tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts in Athens in Greece that was part of the World Series of the 1994 ATP Tour .
Darren Cahill ( born 2 October 1965 in Adelaide , Australia ) is a tennis coach and former professional tennis player from Australia .
The Sky High of Arsion Championship was a professional wrestling championship owned by the Hyper Visual Fighting Arsion promotion .
The Mozambique national football team ( Portuguese : equipa nacional de futebol de Moçambique ) , popularly known as Os Mambas , represents Mozambique in association football and is controlled by the Federação Moçambicana de Futebol , the governing body for football in Mozambique .
BSC Preussen was an ice hockey team in Berlin , Germany .
Nikola Vučurović ( born May 17 , 1980 ) is a Montenegrin professional basketball Small forward ( basketball ) who currently plays for Teodo Tivat of the Montenegrin League .
Athletic Club Ajaccio ( French pronunciation : ​(aʒaksjo ) ; commonly referred to as AC Ajaccio or simply Ajaccio ) is a French association football club based in the city of Ajaccio on the island of Corsica .
IFAF Asia is the governing body of American football in Asia .
The United States Football League ( USFL ) was an American football league that played for three seasons , 1983 through 1985 .
The 1993 Volvo International was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts at the Cullman - Heyman Tennis Center in New Haven , Connecticut , United States and was part of the Championship Series of the 1993 ATP Tour .
The CONCACAF U-17 Championship is an international association football event in the North America , Central America and the Caribbean region , and is the qualification tournament for the FIFA U-17 World Cup .
The 2012 15U Baseball World Championship will be the first under-15 international baseball competition held in Chihuahua , Mexico from August 16 to August 26 , 2012 .
Terry Biggs is an Australian Paralympic table tennis player , athlete , and administrator .
Jaroslav Hlinka ( born November 10 , 1976 in Prague , Czechoslovakia ) is a Czech professional ice hockey forward , currently playing for HC Sparta Praha in the Czech Extraliga .
FC Hakoah , is an association football club based in Zürich , Switzerland .
Tallinna HK Stars are a professional Estonian ice hockey team .
2008 Gomelsky Cup was a basketball competition in Europe that occurred in Moscow between September 22 , 2008 and September 24 , 2008 .
The Detroit Compuware Ambassadors were an elite Midget Major ice hockey team playing in the Tier I Elite Hockey League .
Manuel Seidl ( born October 26 , 1988 ) is an Austrian professional association football player who plays as a midfielder for Wolfsberger AC .
The Tour of Flanders for Women ( Dutch : Ronde van Vlaanderen voor Vrouwen ) is the women 's edition of the Tour of Flanders , a road bicycle racing event in Flanders , Belgium .
Saurav Ghosal ( born 10 August 1986 , in Kolkata , West Bengal ) is a professional squash player from India and reached a career - high world ranking of World No . 15 in December 2013 .
Nathan Sharpe ( born 26 February 1978 in Wagga Wagga ) is a retired professional Australian rugby union player .
The 1999 Belgian Open was a tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts in Antwerp , Belgium that was part of Tier IV of the 1999 WTA Tour .
Morten Madsen ( born January 16 , 1987 ) is a Danish professional ice hockey player who has played more than 100 games in the AHL .
Latvian Footballer of the Year is an association football award for Latvia .
Anquell McCollum ( born 1973 ) is an American college basketball coach and former professional player .
Andrew Trimble ( born 20 October 1984 ) is an Irish rugby union player from Coleraine .
Ondřej Starosta ( born May 5 , 1979 in Prague ) is a Czech professional basketball player .
The 2008 IIHF World Women 's U18 Championship was the inaugural junior female world ice hockey championship .
Nicolas Agnesi is a French rugby union player , born September 9 , 1988 , in Draguignan ( Var ) , who plays as left prop for Pau club ( 1.84 m , 111 kg ) .
The Thomas Cup , sometimes called the World Men 's Team Championships , is an international badminton competition among teams representing member nations of the Badminton World Federation ( BWF ) , the sport 's global governing body .
Olaf Beyer ( born August 4 , 1957 in Grimma ) was an East German 800 metres runner .
Faïza Tsabet ( born March 22 , 1985 in Chlef ) is an Algerian international volleyball player .
Colby Cameron ( born April 5 , 1990 ) is an American football quarterback who currently plays for the Fujitsu Frontiers of the X - League .
The 2009 IFA Shield was an association football tournament organised by the Indian Football Association .
The 1989 Virginia Slims of Los Angeles was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts at the Manhattan Country Club in Manhattan Beach , California in the United States that was part of Tier II of the 1989 WTA Tour .
PNC Park is a baseball park located on the North Shore of Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania .
The Akron Racers are a women 's softball team based in Akron , Ohio .
The 2013 Danish Figure Skating Championships ( Danish : Danske Mesterskaber 2013 ) were the Danish Figure Skating Championships of the 2012 - 2013 figure skating season .
Michelle Plouffe ( born September 15 , 1992 ) is a Canadian basketball player who played for the University of Utah located in Salt Lake City , Utah , United States .
Chester McGlockton ( September 16 , 1969 -- November 30 , 2011 ) was an American football defensive tackle who played for four different teams in his twelve season National Football League career from 1992 to 2003 .
The Uber Cup , sometimes called the World Team Championships for Women , is a major international badminton competition contested by women 's national badminton teams .
Jeff Hassler ( born 21 August 1991 ) is a Canadian rugby union player and winger for the Ospreys in the Guinness Pro12 professional Rugby league .
The 18th Chess Olympiad , organized by FIDE and comprising an open team tournament , as well as several other events designed to promote the game of chess , took place between October 17 and November 7 , 1968 , in Lugano , Switzerland .
Tom Kleinschmidt ( born February 21 , 1973 ) is a retired American basketball player and current head basketball coach at DePaul College Prep High School in Chicago , Illinois .
Rolandas Alijevas ( born 20 January 1985 ) is a Lithuanian professional basketball player of Azeri descent .
Samuel Costa ( born 30 November 1992 ) is an Italian Nordic combined skier .
Miyuki Takahashi ( 高橋 みゆき Takahashi Miyuki , born 25 December 1978 ) is a Japanese volleyball player who plays for the NEC Red Rockets .
Patty Fendick ( born March 31 , 1965 ) is a former professional women 's tennis player and is the former head women 's tennis coach at the University of Texas .
Matilda Boson ( born 1981 ) is a Swedish handball player who plays for the Sweden women 's national handball team .
Jarvis Giles ( born January 15 , 1990 ) is an American football running back .
Baloncesto Fuenlabrada , S.A.D. , also known as Montakit Fuenlabrada is a professional basketball team based in Fuenlabrada , Madrid , Spain , currently playing in the Liga ACB .
The Kenora Thistles were an early amateur men 's ice hockey team based in Kenora , Ontario , Canada , formed in 1885 as a senior team by a group of Lake of the Woods lumbermen .
Colin Carr - Lawton ( born 5 September 1978 ) is an English former professional association football player who played as a striker .
Jaylon Smith ( born June 14 , 1995 ) is an American football outside linebacker for the Notre Dame Fighting Irish .
The Pacific Coast Hockey League was an ice hockey minor league with teams in the western United States and western Canada that existed in several incarnations : from 1928 to 1931 , from 1936 to 1941 , and from 1944 to 1952 .
Wylie Human ( born 26 February 1979 ) is a South African rugby union winger .
SSV Barmen was a German association football club from Barmen in the city of Wuppertal , North Rhine - Westphalia .
The 1940 VFL Lightning Premiership ( known at the time as the Patriotic Premiership ) was an Australian rules football knockout competition played entirely on Saturday , 3 August , 1940 , at the Melbourne Cricket Ground ( MCG ) .
Shay Doron ( Hebrew : שי דורון‎ ) ( born April 1 , 1985 ) is an Israeli professional basketball player in the Israeli league .
Éric Bellerose ( born February 7 , 1972 ) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey player who played from 1993 until his retirement in 2007 .
The Nakuru AllStars are a Kenyan association football club based in Nakuru .
Georgia Schweitzer ( born January 31 , 1979 in Gahanna , Ohio , U.S. ) is a former collegiate and professional basketball player .
Nikolai Valuev vs. Evander Holyfield was a professional boxing match contested on December 20 , 2008 for the WBA heavyweight championship .
Leroy Edwards ( April 11 , 1914 -- August 25 , 1971 ) , nicknamed `` Cowboy '' and `` Lefty '' , was one of the greatest basketball players of his era .
Karl - August Tiirmaa ( born July 7 , 1989 in Võru ) is an Estonian Nordic combined skier .
Ivan Koljević ( Cyrillic : Иван Кољевић ; born June 30 , 1984 ) is a Montenegrin professional basketball player .
Dragan Tubak ( born April 8 , 1987 in Banja Luka ) is a Serbian - Bosnian professional basketball player for KK Feni Industries of the Macedonian First League ( basketball ) .
The German Football League ( GFL ) is the elite league for American football in Germany .
FC Sakhalin Yuzhno - Sakhalinsk ( Russian : ФК Сахалин Южно-Сахалинск ) is a Russian association football club based in Yuzhno - Sakhalinsk , Russia and playing in the Russian Professional Football League .
Verein für Leibesübungen Bochum 1848 Fußballgemeinschaft , commonly referred to as simply VfL Bochum ( faʊ̯ ʔɛf ˈʔɛl ˈboːxʊm ) , is a German association football club based in the city of Bochum , North Rhine - Westphalia .
Tihomil Drezga ( Dresga , Drezza ) ( 1903 - -1981 ) was a Croatian chess master .
The 1988 Pan Pacific Open was a tennis tournament played on indoor carpet courts at the Tokyo Metropolitan Gymnasium in Tokyo in Japan and was part of Tier III of the 1988 WTA Tour .
Kevin Sheppard ( born 17 September 1979 in St Croix ) is a United States Virgin Islands basketball player and former football striker .
Daniel Scott McLellan ( born February 10 , 1963 in Toronto , Ontario ) was a professional ice hockey player who played in the National Hockey League .
Ciaran Hearn ( born December 30 , 1985 ) is a Canadian rugby union player who currently plays for London Irish .
Tatsuya Fukuzawa ( 福澤達哉 Fukuzawa Tatsuya , born July 1 , 1986 ) is a Japanese volleyball player who plays for Panasonic Panthers .
Avon Cobourne ( born March 6 , 1979 ) is a former American professional Canadian football running back who is currently a running back coach for the Saskatchewan Roughriders of the Canadian Football League .
The 2002 Austrian Figure Skating Championships ( German : Österreichischen Staatsmeisterschaften i m Eiskunstlauf 2002 ) were the Austrian Figure Skating Championships of the 2001 - 2002 figure skating season .
The Aberdeen Roughnecks are a Scottish American football club based in Aberdeen , Scotland .
The Carlton Football Club , nicknamed the Blues , is a professional Australian rules football club based in Melbourne .
The LEB Plata is the third tier in the Spanish basketball league system , the second tier in the leagues organized by the Spanish Basketball Federation .
The Cornish Pirates ( Cornish : An Vorladron Gernewek ) are a professional rugby union team who play in the Championship , the second level of the English rugby union pyramid , and are the premier Cornish rugby club .
Lana Gehring ( born August 21 , 1990 in Chicago , Illinois ) is an American short track speed skater .
Shahenga Osama is a professional squash player who represented Egypt .
Joanne Aluka ( born April 26 , 1979 in Jackson , Mississippi , United States ) is a Nigerian American women 's basketball player .
Brains in Bahrain was an eight - game chess match between World Chess Champion Vladimir Kramnik and the computer program Deep Fritz 7 , held in October 2002 .
Edese Zwem- & Poloclub Polar Bears or simply Polar Bears Ede is a swimming and water polo club based in the city of Ede , Netherlands .
The 1997 Women 's Cricket World Cup , known also as the Hero Honda Women 's World Cup , was that year 's World Cup in Women 's One - day International cricket , and was held in India .
The Belleville Bulls were a junior ice hockey team , founded in 1981 and based in Belleville , Ontario , Canada .
Dragan Labović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Драган Лабовић ; born April 20 , 1987 ) is a Serbian professional basketball player who plays for BC Nokia of the Korisliiga .
Kevin Schaeffer ( born October 16 , 1984 ) is an American former professional ice hockey player who last played for the Las Vegas Wranglers in the ECHL .
Quezon - Villa Anita is a Philippines basketball club and a new member of the National Basketball Conference .
The WCWA World Heavyweight Championship was a professional wrestling world heavyweight championship in World Class Championship Wrestling .
Nasser al - Rashed ( 22 July 1992 -- May 15 , 2013 ) was a Kuwaiti squash player .
The 2002 Franklin Templeton Classic was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts in Scottsdale , Arizona in the United States and was part of the International Series of the 2002 ATP Tour .
Skövde IK is an ice hockey club from Skövde , Sweden that was founded in 1957 .
Adolf Georg Olland ( 13 April 1867 -- 22 July 1933 ) was the leading Dutch chess master in the time before Max Euwe .
Turn- und Sportgemeinschaft 1899 Hoffenheim e . V. , or simply TSG 1899 Hoffenheim ( pronounced ( teː ʔɛs ɡeː ˈʔaxt͡seːnˈhʊndɐt ˈnɔʏ̯nʔʊntˈnɔʏ̯nt͡sɪç ˈhɔfənhaɪ̯m ) ) is a German association football club based in Hoffenheim , a village of Sinsheim municipality , Baden - Württemberg .
Le'Raven Clark ( born April 22 , 1993 in Bryan , Texas ) is an American football offensive tackle for the Texas Tech Red Raiders .
Eugene Delmar ( born September 12 , 1841 , New York -- died February 22 , 1909 , New York ) , was one of the leading United States chess masters of 19th century and the four - time New York State champion in 1890 , 1891 , 1895 and 1897 .
Daniel Prenn ( 7 September 1904 -- 3 September 1991 ) was a German , Polish and British tennis player of Jewish origin .
The NHL Foundation Player Award is awarded annually to the National Hockey League ( NHL ) player `` who applies the core values of ( ice ) hockey -- commitment , perseverance and teamwork -- to enrich the lives of people in his community '' .
John Vigilante ( born May 24 , 1985 ) is an American former professional ice hockey forward .
The 2006 FIBA Africa Under-18 Championship was the 15th U-18 FIBA Africa championship , played under the auspices of the Fédération Internationale de Basketball , the world basketball sport governing body .
The 1994 Comcast U.S. Indoor was a tennis tournament played on indoor carpet courts that was part of the Championship Series of the 1994 ATP Tour .
Oscar De La Hoya vs. Shane Mosley II , billed as `` Redemption '' , was a professional boxing match contested on September 13 , 2003 for De La Hoya 's WBA , WBC , The Ring and lineal super welterweight ( light -- middleweight ) championships .
The 1984 PBA Invitational Championship Finals was the best - of-5 basketball championship series of the 1984 PBA Invitational Conference .
Ziomara Morrison Jara ( born February 15 , 1989 ) is a Chilean professional basketball player previously with the San Antonio Stars of the WNBA .
Dan Ruland ( born August 24 , 1960 ) is an American former expatriate professional basketball player who had a college basketball career at James Madison University ( JMU ) between 1979 - -80 and 1982 - -83 .
VISADE Voorburg is a Dutch volleyball club from Voorburg .
Louise Hansen ( born May 4 , 1975 in Hørsholm ) is a Danish retired association football player .
The 2015 Challenger ATP Cachantún Cup was a professional tennis tournament played on red clay courts .
Vladimír Nadrchal ( born March 4 , 1938 in Pardubice , Czechoslovakia ) is an ice hockey player who played for the Czechoslovak national team .
TKH Toruń is a Polish ice hockey team from Toruń , playing in the Polska Hokej Liga , the top - level ice hockey league in Poland .
The CSWF Hardcore Championship was a professional wrestling hardcore heavyweight championship in the CyberSpace Wrestling Federation .
The Colgate Series Championships , later named the Toyota Championships were the finales in an annual series of professional tennis tournaments for women from 1977 through 1982 .
Petra Ujhelyi ( born December 17 , 1980 ) is a former professional basketball player for the WNBA and overseas .
Anton Kohler ( c. 1907 -- 7 September 1961 ) was a German chess player from Munich .
Milko Bjelica ( born June 4 , 1984 ) is a Serbian - born Montenegrin professional basketball player who plays for Darüşşafaka of the Turkish Basketball League ( TBL ) .
The 2008 State of Origin series was the 27th year that the annual best - of - three series of interstate rugby league football matches between the Queensland and New South Wales representative teams was contested entirely under ' state of origin ' selection rules .
Marjan Kovačević ( * 8 April 1957 ) is a Serbian chess problemist .
Jean - Claude Bertrand ( born 5 August 1954 ) is a retired badminton player from France .
Mjölby HC is a Swedish ice hockey club which has been playing in Division 1 , the third tier of ice hockey in Sweden , since the 2008 - -09 season .
Trond Einar Elden ( born 21 February 1970 ) is a former Norwegian Nordic combined skier who represented Namdalseid I.L. in Trondheim .
The 2007 NCAA Men 's Division I Basketball Championship Game was the finals of the 2007 NCAA Men 's Division I Basketball Tournament and determined the national champion for the 2006 - 07 NCAA Division I men 's basketball season .
The China Masters is an annual badminton tournament held in China .
Baruch Harold Wood MSc OBE ( 13 July 1909 -- 4 April 1989 ) , generally known as B. H. Wood , was an English chess player , editor and author .
Joris Bert ( born 16 May 1987 in Louviers , France ) height : 5'10 `` , weight : 165 lbs ) , is a French baseball player who plays center field .
Francisco `` Pancho '' Coimbre Atiles ( 29 January 1909 -- 4 November 1989 ) , more commonly known as Pancho Coimbre , was a Puerto Rican professional baseball player .
The 1904 Navy Midshipmen football team represented the United States Naval Academy during the 1904 college football season .
RK Zamet ( Rukometni Klub Zamet ) is a handball club from Rijeka , Croatia , formed in 1957 .
Adam Caporn ( born 16 March 1982 ) is a retired Australian basketball player now serving as an assistant coach at Saint Mary 's College of California , where he played U.S. college basketball .
Sean Woods ( born March 29 , 1970 ) is an American former basketball player who currently serves as the head coach of the Morehead State University men 's basketball team .
Hussein Sherif is an Egyptian taekwondo practitioner .
Lourival Mendes França ( died 18 August 2012 ) was Brazilian draughts player ( Brazilian draughts and International draughts ) , world champion in draughts-64 ( 1993 ) .
Footscray JUST ( Jugoslav United Soccer Team ) is a defunct association football club from Melbourne , Australia .
The 2006 Scottish Challenge Cup Final was an association football match between Ross County and Clyde on 12 November 2006 at McDiarmid Park in Perth .
HC Budivelnyk ( Ukrainian : ХК Будівельник , English : Builder Hockey Club ) was a potential professional ice hockey team to based in Kiev , Ukraine .
Frank Pastore ( /pəˈstɔri/ ; August 21 , 1957 -- December 17 , 2012 ) was an American Major League baseball player and radio host .
Yasser Seirawan ( Arabic : ياسر سيروان‎ ; born March 24 , 1960 ) is a chess grandmaster and four - time United States champion .
David Haye vs. Dereck Chisora , billed as Licensed to Thrill , was a controversial boxing grudge match that took place on 14 July 2012 , at the Boleyn Ground , the home of West Ham United Football Club .
Orrin H. Ingram II ( born 1960 ) is an American heir , businessman , philanthropist and polo player .
The Indy Fuel are a minor league ice hockey team in the Midwest Division of the ECHL 's Western Conference which began play in the 2014 - -15 season .
Luca Cereda ( born September 7 , 1981 ) is a retired Swiss professional ice hockey forward .
The 1995 Skate America was the Skate America Grand Prix competition of the 1995 - -96 figure skating season .
Jean Cusson ( born October 5 , 1942 ) is a retired professional ice hockey player who briefly played in the National Hockey League for the Oakland Seals .
The Roberto Clemente Award is given annually to the Major League Baseball ( MLB ) player who `` best exemplifies the game of baseball , sportsmanship , community involvement and the individual 's contribution to his team '' , as voted on by baseball fans and members of the media .
Yorkshire Carnegie ( formerly Leeds Carnegie , Leeds Tykes and Leeds RUFC ) are an English rugby union club in Leeds , West Yorkshire , England , who play in the RFU Championship .
The British Asian Cup was a day / night Twenty20 cricket charity match played between the 2008 Indian Premier League ( IPL ) champion Rajasthan Royals and the 2008 Twenty20 Cup champion Middlesex Panthers played at the Lord 's Cricket Ground , London , England .
FC Sever Murmansk ( Russian : ФК `` Север '' Мурманск ) was a Russian association football club from Murmansk , founded in 1961 .
The 2004 MAC Men 's Basketball Tournament , a part of the 2003 - 04 NCAA Division I men 's basketball season , took place from March 8 - -13 at the Gund Arena in Cleveland , Ohio .
Corey Schwab ( born November 4 , 1970 in North Battleford , Saskatchewan ) is a former Canadian professional ice hockey goalie .
Jevon Crudup ( born April 27 , 1972 ) is a retired American professional basketball player and coach .
Darline Radamaker ( April 16 , 1999 in Port - au - Prince ) is a Haitian women 's association football player who currently plays for Michigan Gators youth soccer club .
Gur Shelef ( Hebrew : גור שלף‎ ; born January 10 , 1974 ) is an Israeli former professional basketball player .
Jonathan Filewich ( born October 2 , 1984 ) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey player of Croatian ancestry Filewich was born in Kelowna , British Columbia , but grew up in Sherwood Park , Alberta .
The 2014 SMT Shipping Topklasse cricket season is contested between eight teams playing in one single division .
The 2010 Women 's South American Volleyball Club Championship was the second official edition of the women 's volleyball tournament , played by four teams over July 16 - -18 , 2010 in Niño Héroe Manuel Bonilla Collisseum in Miraflores , Lima , Peru .
Hugh Hesketh Hughes ( October 1902 23 May 1940 ) was a Welsh champion polo player who trained in Argentina .
Jorinde Müller ( born October 2 , 1993 in Münster - Geschinen ) is a Swiss freestyle skier , specializing in ski cross and alpine skiing .
The Gulf Cup of Nations or Arabian Gulf Cup ( Arabic : كأس الخليج العربي‎ Ka′s al - Khalīj al-′Arabiyy ) is an association football tournament currently held every two years rotating the host city every edition .
Cüneyt Çakır ( Turkish pronunciation : ( ˈdʒyne̞jt ˈtʃäkɯɾ ) , born 23 November 1976 ) is a Turkish UEFA Elite association football referee .
The Amelia Island Championships was a women 's tennis tournament held in Amelia Island Plantation and later Ponte Vedra Beach , Florida , United States .
Halil Kanacević ( born October 23 , 1991 ) is an American - born Montenegrin professional basketball player who plays for Budućnost Podgorica .
David Zogg ( 18 December 1902 -- 26 July 1977 ) was a Swiss alpine and Nordic combined skier .
Jaroslav Walter ( January 6 , 1939 in Sobědraž ( now part of Kostelec nad Vltavou ) , Czechoslovakia -- June 20 , 2014 ) was an ice hockey player who played for the Czechoslovak national team .
Christine Marie `` Chris '' Evert ( born December 21 , 1954 ) , known as Chris Evert - Lloyd from 1979 to 1987 , is a former World No . 1 professional tennis player from the United States .
The 2014 Thomas & Uber Cup was the 28th tournament of the Thomas Cup and 25th tournament of the Uber Cup , the premier badminton team championships for men and women respectively .
Frank Thomas Big Hurt Baseball is a multiplatform baseball simulation game that was licensed by the Major League Baseball Players Association , featuring the likeness , motion captured movements , and `` Big Hurt '' branding of player Frank Thomas .
Lamine Ouahab ( Arabic : الأمين وهاب ) ( born 22 December 1984 ) is a professional tennis player .
The Torneio Roberto Gomes Pedrosa , also known as Taça de Prata , or nicknamed Robertão , was an association football competition contested in Brazil between 1967 and 1970 among soccer teams from São Paulo , Rio de Janeiro , Rio Grande do Sul , Minas Gerais and Paraná states .
Boyan Yordanov ( Bulgarian : Боян Йорданов ) is a Bulgarian volleyball player , member of the Bulgaria men 's national volleyball team .
Hong Kong Nepalese Football Association ( HKNFA ) are an all - star association football club composed of top flight Nepalese players from various football clubs in Hong Kong .
The Eugenio Monti track ( Italian : Pista Olimpica di Bob - Eugenio Monti ) is a bobsleigh and skeleton track located in Cortina d'Ampezzo , Italy .
Miloslav Mečíř ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈmɪloslaf ˈmɛtʃiːr̝ ) ) ( born 19 May 1964 ) is a former professional tennis player from Slovakia .
Rafał Dobrowolski ( born December 27 , 1983 in Kielce ) is an athlete from Poland , who competes in archery .
Fan Zhendong ( Chinese : 樊振东 ; born 22 January 1997 ) is a Chinese table tennis player .
John Vallely ( born October 3 , 1948 ) is a retired American basketball player from Balboa Island , Newport Beach , California .
Brano Đukanović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Брано Ђукановић , born 21 March 1995 ) is a Serbian professional basketball player who currently plays for Metalac Valjevo in the Serbian League and the ABA League .
The 2014 FIFA U-20 Women 's World Cup was an international association football tournament and the world championship for women 's national teams under the age of 20 organized by the sport 's world governing body FIFA .
Gabriel Maestre currently captains Venezuela 's national boxing team and the Caciques de Venezuela team in World Series of Boxing .
Christos Kostas Chelios ( born January 25 , 1962 ) , better known as Chris Chelios , is a retired American professional ice hockey defenseman .
The Sunshine Tour is a men 's professional golf tour based in Southern Africa .
The Malaysia National Basketball League ( Petronas - Molten Malaysia National Basketball League for sponsorship reason ) , often abbreviated to the MNBL , is the pre - eminent men 's basketball league in Malaysia , organised by the Malaysia Basketball Association ( MABA ) .
The 2000 Cincinnati Masters was a men 's tennis tournament and the 99th edition of the event previously known as the Great American Insurance ATP Championships .
Tawana McDonald was a basketball player who was selected in the first round of the 2002 WNBA Draft .
Lucas Bloodoff ( born May 5 , 1989 ) is a Canadian professional ice hockey player currently an unrestricted free agent who last played for the Elmira Jackals of the ECHL .
Mathieu Dourthe ( born 22 July 1977 in Dax , France ) is a French rugby union player whose usual position is at a fullback .
At the age of 14 , already being a successful athlete and swimmer , Britta Heidemann had her first contact with fencing in a variation of modern pentathlon called Friesenkampf .
Steve Krulevitz ( born May 30 , 1951 , in Baltimore , Maryland ) is a retired American - Israeli right - handed tennis player .
The 2009 European Junior Baseball Championship was an international baseball competition held at Baseballstadion Bonn - Rheinaue in Bonn , Germany from August 3 to August 9 , 2009 .
The Chicago White Sox are an American professional baseball team based in the South Side of Chicago , Illinois .
Ballarat Red Devils is an Australian semi - professional association football club based in Ballarat , Victoria .
The 1996 Bournemouth International ( also known as the 1996 Samsung Open for sponsorship reasons ) was a men 's tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts at the West Hants Tennis Club in Bournemouth in England and was part of the World Series of the 1996 ATP Tour .
Derek Landmesser ( born January 27 , 1975 ) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey player who is currently the head coach of the Southern Professional Hockey League 's ( SPHL ) Mississippi RiverKings .
The 2009 European football betting scandal was an attempt to influence the outcome of professional association football matches in Europe , and to defraud the gambling industry by betting on the results .
Virgilio Fenoglio ( Santa Fe , February 20 , 1902 -- Buenos Aires , March 15 , 1990 ) was an Argentine chess master , winner of 37 tournaments .
Philip Trent Jewett ( born March 3 , 1964 in Dallas , Texas ) is an American baseball coach and former minor league baseball player .
Wilfredo León Venero ( born 31 July 1993 ) is a Cuban volleyball player with Polish citizenship ( since July 14 , 2015 ) , a member of Cuba men 's national volleyball team in 2007 - -2012 and Russian club Zenit Kazan , silver medalist of the World Championship 2010 , NORCECA Champion ( 2009 , 2011 ) .
The Hong Kong Sevens were ahead of their time , and an influential force in the modernisation of rugby union , for example , the Hong Kong Sevens were one of the first rugby union tournaments to attract major sponsorship , when the airline Cathay Pacific sponsored the 1976 tournament .
Stéphanie Cano ( born 1974 ) is a French handball player who has played for the French national team .
Farid Aslani ( Persian : فرید اصلانی‎‎ ) is a professional Iranian basketball player .
Hiten Tejwani is married to his co - star Gauri Pradhan Tejwani from Kutumb and Kyunki Saas Bhi Kabhi Bahu Thi On 29 April 2004 .
His wife , Sofía Álvarez Vignoli de Demicheli , was noted for her diplomatic activity during the Presidency of Gabriel Terra , in whose administration Alberto Demicheli also served .
Bernard II , Duke of Saxony married to Eilika of Schweinfurt , daughter of Henry of Schweinfurt .
After his restoration , Qifu Gangui again created his wife Princess Bian as princess and Qifu Chipan as crown prince , and he temporarily set his capital at Dujianshan ( 度堅山 , in modern Baiyin , Gansu ) .
Caterina Sforza ( 1463 -- 28 May 1509 ) , was an Italian noblewoman and Countess of Forlì and Lady of Imola firstly with her husband Girolamo Riario , and after his death as a regent of her son Ottaviano .
Henriette de Verninac ( 1780 - -1827 ) was the daughter of Charles - François Delacroix , minister of Foreign Affairs under the Directory , and wife of the diplomat Raymond de Verninac Saint - Maur .
Agata Kornhauser - Duda ( born 2 April 1972 ) , is the wife of the President of Poland , Andrzej Duda and thus the designated First Lady of Poland .
Viveca Paulin ( born April 24 , 1969 ) is a Swedish actress and auctioneer , born in Askim , Gothenburg Municipality , Sweden , who married American comedic actor Will Ferrell in August 2000 .
Kadambari Devi was the wife of Jyotirindranath Tagore and daughter - in - law of Debendranath Tagore .
In 1925 Victor Gsovsky left Soviet Russian with his wife Tatjana Gsovsky , whom he had met in Krasnador .
Inge Müller ( born Inge Meyer ) ( March 13 , 1925 -- June 1 , 1966 ) was an East German author and second wife of East German playwright Heiner Müller .
Inge Feltrinelli , née Schönthal ( born November 24 , 1930 in Essen ) is a German - born Italian photographer and director with her son Carlo ( b. 1962 ) of the Italian publishing house Giangiacomo Feltrinelli Editore .
Marta Linares de Martinelli ( born Marta Linares on September 2 , 1956 ) became the First Lady of Panama on July 1 , 2009 , when her husband , supermarket magnate , Ricardo Martinelli became President of Panama .
Princess Lilian of Belgium ( née Mary Lilian Baels , 28 November 1916 -- 7 June 2002 ) best known as Lilian , Princess of Réthy , was the second wife of King Leopold III of the Belgians .
Sophie Amalie of Brunswick - Lüneburg ( 24 March 1628 -- 20 February 1685 ) was queen of Denmark and Norway as the consort of the King Frederick III of Denmark .
Maxi López was married to Argentine model Wanda Nara from 2008 to 2013 .
Christina Abrahamsdotter ( Swedish : Kristina Abrahamsdotter ) ( Finnish : Kristiina Abrahamintytär ) ( 1432 - -1492 ) was a Finnish noble , royal mistress and later third spouse and Queen consort of King Charles VIII of Sweden .
B'alaj Chan K'awiil had two wives - Lady of Itzan and Lady Bulu ' .
After the death of his first wife , Julius Constantius married a Greek woman Basilina , the daughter of the governor of Egypt Julius Julianus .
As the wife of Booker T she is best known for her time with World Wrestling Entertainment ( WWE ) as Queen Sharmell until her release in 2007 .
Ljiljana Zelen Karadžić ( Serbian : Љиљана Зелен Караџић ) ( born 27 November 1945 , Sarajevo , Socialist Republic of Bosnia and Herzegovina , Yugoslavia ) is the wife of former Bosnian Serb leader and defendant in the ICTY war crimes trial Radovan Karadžić .
During a career that spanned almost three decades , Zeba appeared in numerous commercially successful as well as critically appreciated films , many of which featured her alongside actor and husband Mohammad Ali .
Tee Tee Luce was a Burmese philanthropist and wife of Gordon Luce , a Burma scholar .
Æthelflæd , known as Æthelflæd of Damerham to distinguish her from other women of the same name , was the second wife of King Edmund I of England .
Nadira Banu Begum ( died 1659 ) was a Mughal princess and consort to Crown prince Dara Shikoh , the heir - apparent to the fifth Mughal emperor Shah Jahan .
Countess Freya von Moltke ( 29 March 1911 -- 1 January 2010 ) was a participant in the anti - Nazi resistance group , the Kreisau Circle , with her husband , Helmuth James Graf von Moltke .
María Lucía Hiriart Rodríguez ( born December 10 , 1922 ) , also known as Lucía Hiriart de Pinochet , is the widow of former Chilean dictator Augusto Pinochet .
Her Royal Highness Princess Muna al - Hussein of Jordan 7 February 1999 - present :
' The Song , Mujhe Kya Bechega Rupaiya , sung by Sona Mohapatra is composed by Ram Sampath & was aired on the third episode of Satyamev Jayate based on celebrating women 's freedom .
Aurore Clément has been married since 1986 to Dean Tavoularis , an American motion picture production designer .
Beatrice of Rethel ( c. 1130/32 -- 30 March 1185 ) was a French noblewoman and the third Queen consort of the King Roger II of Sicily .
Lalla Bahia bint Antar ( died 3 September 2008 in Rabat ) was a third wife of Mohammed V of Morocco , who reigned from 1927 until 1961 .
Thierry Roussel ( born February 16 , 1953 in Neuilly - sur - Seine , Hauts - de - Seine ) was the fourth husband of Christina Onassis , and the only man with whom she had a child .
Robert Vadra is an Indian businessman and the husband of politician Priyanka Vadra .
Eydie Gormé ( also spelled Gorme ; August 16 , 1928 -- August 10 , 2013 ) was an American singer who performed solo as well as with her husband , Steve Lawrence , in popular ballads and swing .
Karin Kock was known as Karin Kock - Lindberg after her marriage to lawyer Hugo Lindberg in 1936 .
Mabel Pryde ( February 12 , 1871 in Edinburgh -- July 1918 , in England ) was an artist , best known for being the wife of artist William Nicholson and mother of artists Ben Nicholson and Nancy Nicholson and the architect Christopher ' Kit ' Nicholson .
Louise Whitfield Carnegie ( March 7 , 1857 -- June 24 , 1946 ) was the wife of philanthropist Andrew Carnegie .
Alexandra Prinzessin von Hannover ( née Alexandra Sophie Cecilie Anna Maria Friederike Benigna Dorothea Prinzessin zu Ysenburg und Büdingen ; 23 October 1937 -- 1 June 2015 ) was a German politician , philanthropist , and wife of Prince Welf Henry of Hanover .
Delfina Ortega Díaz ( October 20 , 1845 -- April 8 , 1880 ) was the first lady of Mexico , as Porfirio Díaz 's niece and first wife .
On 22 December 1836 , Duchess Amalia of Oldenburg married King Otto of Greece in Oldenburg .
Otellie Loloma ( December 30 , 1921 -- January 30 , 1993 ) was an American artist , specializing in Hopi traditional pottery and dance , and working with her husband Charles Loloma on jewelry design .
Princess Augusta Reuss of Köstritz ( Auguste Reuss ; 26 May 1822 -- 3 March 1862 ) was the consort and first wife of Frederick Francis II , Grand Duke of Mecklenburg - Schwerin .
Christina Piper , née Törne ( 1673 in Stockholm -- 1752 in Krageholm Castle , Scania ) , was a Swedish countess , landowner and entrepreneur , married to the statesman and military count Carl Piper .
Lin Jiamei ( Chinese : 林佳楣 ; pinyin : Lín Jiāméi ; born 1924 ) is a wife of former Chinese president Li Xiannian .
In both the Poetic Edda and the Prose Edda , Sif is the wife of the thunder god Thor and is known for her golden hair .
Viscum cruciatum , commonly called the red - berry mistletoe , is a species of mistletoe in the family Santalaceae .
Huangshanlong is a genus of mamenchisaurid dinosaurs native to the Anhui province of China .
Quercus engelmannii , the Engelmann oak or Pasadena oak , is a species of oak in the white oak section Quercus sect .
Boophone haemanthoides is a plant species native to Namibia and the Cape Provinces of South Africa .
Ilex purpurea is a species of holly , a flowering plant in the family Aquifoliaceae .
Asarum crispulatum is a species of plant in the Aristolochiaceae family .
Flatbergium sericeum is the only species of genus Flatbergium and family Flatbergiaceae .
Apyratuca apiculata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Apyratuca .
Quadrisporites is an extinct genus of algae .
Desmatosuchus ( /dɛzmætoʊsuːkəs/ , from Greek δεσμός desmos ' link ' + σοῦχος soûkhos ' crocodile ' ) is an extinct genus of archosaur belonging to the Order Aetosauria .
Lyssa zampa , which is also known as the tropical swallowtail moth or the Laos brown butterfly , is a species of moth of the family Uraniidae .
Antirrhea is a Neotropical genus of butterflies from the family Nymphalidae .
Linospadicinae is a subtribe of palm trees , which includes the genera Howea and Linospadix .
Camassia howellii , commonly known as Howell 's Camas , is a species of perennials endemic to western Oregon .
Helix obruta is a species of large , edible , air - breathing land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Helicidae , the typical snails .
Hapalodectidae ( literally `` soft biters '' hapalos = `` soft , tender , '' dêktês = `` biter '' ) is an extinct family of relatively small - bodied ( 1 - - to 8-kg ) mesonychian placental mammals from the Paleocene and Eocene of North America and Asia .
This is a monotypic genus , containing the single species Marisolaris ansata .
It was described by Houlbert in 1918 , and contains the single species Ircila hecacte .
Heteroteuthis weberi is a species of bobtail squid native to the Indo - Pacific waters off central Indonesia .
Phrynomantis ( commonly known as the rubber frog ) is a genus of frog in the Microhylidae family .
Myotis taiwanensis is a species of mouse - eared bat .
The tortrix moth genus Pammene belongs to the tribe Grapholitini of subfamily Olethreutinae .
Cladosporium elegans is a fungus species in the genus Cladosporium ( Anamorphic Davidiella ) .
Metasequoia foxii is an extinct redwood species in the family Cupressaceae described from numerous fossils of varying growth stage .
Murmidius estriatus is a species of beetle from the Cerylonidae family .
Ribes niveum is a North American species of currant known by the common names snowy gooseberry , white - flowered gooseberry , or snow currant .
Pachliopta mariae is a species of butterfly from the family Papilionidae that is found in the Philippines .
Plectranthias whiteheadi , Whitehead 's basslet , is a species of fish in the Serranidae family occurring in the Western Pacific .
Cupressocrinites is an extinct genus of crinoid from the Middle to Late Devonian of Asia , Australia , Europe , Morocco , and North America .
Heliomeris obscura is a rare Mexican species of flowering plants in the sunflower family .
Carex buxbaumii is a species of sedge known by the common name club sedge or Buxbaum 's sedge .
Rhamphichthys is a genus of sand knifefishes found in South America .
Fatsia japonica ( fatsi , paperplant or Japanese aralia ; syn . Aralia japonica Thunb . , A. sieboldii Hort . ex K.Koch ) is a species of flowering plant in the family Araliaceae , native to southern Japan and South Korea .
Acacia pravissima ( Ovens wattle or wedge - leaved wattle ) , is a species of evergreen shrub in the Fabaceae family native to Victoria , the South West Slopes and Southern Tablelands of New South Wales , Australia .
Conus zonatus , common name the zoned cone , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae , the cone snails and their allies .
Restrepia sanguinea , the Blood Red Restrepia , is a species of orchid endemic to Venezuela .
Oxychilus lineolatus is a species of small air - breathing land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Oxychilidae , the glass snails .
Aceria malherbae is a species of gall mite known as the bindweed gall mite .
Cheiracanthium oncognathum is a spider species found in Europe and Russia .
Brachydeiroidea is a superfamily of small to moderately large - sized arthrodire placoderms from the Late Devonian of Europe and Eastern North America .
Carex raynoldsii is a species of sedge known by the common name Raynolds ' sedge .
It contains the single species Socotrella dolichocnema .
Probatodes plumula is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Probatodes .
Adapidae is a family of extinct primates that primarily radiated during the Eocene epoch between about 55 and 34 million years ago .
Imaclava i m a , common name I m a 's turrid , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Drilliidae .
Pitar morrhuanus , or the false quahog , is a species of bivalve mollusc in the family Veneridae .
Phacelia curvipes is a species of flowering plant in the borage family , Boraginaceae , known by the common names Washoe phacelia and Washoe scorpionweed .
Pyrola asarifolia , commonly known as liverleaf wintergreen , bog wintergreen or pink wintergreen , is a plant species of the genus Pyrola native to western North America .
The Pectinoidea are a superfamily of marine bivalve mollusks , including the scallops and thorny oysters ( despite the common name , the latter are not true oysters ) .
Conus flavescens , common name the flame cone , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae , the cone snails and their allies .
Daucus pusillus is a species of wild carrot known by the common names American wild carrot and rattle - snake - weed .
Neoniphon sammara is a species of fish in the squirrelfishes found in the Indo Pacific Ocean
The Lithosiini are a tribe of lichen moths in the Erebidae family .
Antennablennius ceylonensis is a species of combtooth blenny found in the Indian ocean , around Sri Lanka .
Melocalamus is a genus of Asian bamboos in the grass family .
Atriplex canescens , chamiso , chamiza , four wing saltbush , four - wing saltbush , and fourwing saltbush , is a species of evergreen shrub in the Amaranthaceae family , which is native to the western and mid - western United States .
Belostemma yunnanense is a species of plant in the Apocynaceae family first described in 1941 .
Liatris spicata var . resinosa is found in the southern part of the species natural range , the variable plants have only 5 or 6 flowers per head and the heads are more widely spaced on the stems , these differences are more pronounced when the plants are found in drier and coastal habitats .
Paracmaeoderoides callyntromorion is a species of beetle in the family Buprestidae , the only species in the genus Paracmaeoderoides .
Rhabdoblennius snowi , Snow 's rockskipper or the Snow blenny , is a species of combtooth blenny found in coral reefs in the Pacific ocean .
Conus klemae , common name the Clem 's cone , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae , the cone snails and their allies .
Hemigymnus is a genus of wrasses native to the Indian and Pacific oceans .
This is a monotypic genus , containing the single species Pseudotapesia pilatii .
Macrogryphosaurus ( meaning `` big enigmatic lizard '' ) is a genus of basal iguanodont dinosaur from the Turonian - early Coniacian age Upper Cretaceous Portezuelo Formation ( Neuquén Group ) of Patagonia , Argentina .
Nososticta coelestina is an Australian species of damselfly in the family Protoneuridae , commonly known as the green - blue threadtail .
Schiedea kealiae is a rare species of flowering plant in the pink family known by the common name Waianae Range schiedea .
Anisopodus brevis is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family that was described by Gahan in 1892 .
Megaphrynium is a genus of plants native to tropical Africa .
Heuchera micrantha is a species of flowering plant in the saxifrage family known by the common name crevice alumroot .
The Panorpodidae are a small family of scorpionflies .
Viola hirta is a species of the plant genus Viola .
The Fabaceae , Leguminosae or Papilionaceae , commonly known as the legume , pea , or bean family , is a large and economically important family of flowering plants .
Cavernularia obesa is a species of marine cnidaria in the family Veretillidae .
Dianthus deltoides ( maiden pink ) is a species of Dianthus native to most of Europe and western Asia .
Ouranopithecus macedoniensis is a prehistoric species of orangutan from the Late Miocene of Greece .
Athoracophorus suteri is a leaf - veined slug , a species of air - breathing land slug , a terrestrial gastropod mollusc in the family Athoracophoridae .
Rhinella proboscidea is a species of small South American toads in the family Bufonidae , common in the Amazon rainforest .
Stichodactyla haddoni ( Haddon 's sea anemone ) , is a species of sea anemone belonging to the Stichodactylidae family native from the Indo - Pacific area .
The tribe Ormosieae is one of the subdivisions of the plant family Fabaceae , primarily found in tropical regions of the Americas , but also in southeast Asia and northern Australia .
Chrysopsis delaneyi , DeLaney 's Goldenaster , is one of the endemic species to Florida , recently discovered in the genus Chrysopsis , small group of herbaceous plants of the Aster family - Astereae , known commonly as the Goldenasters and primarily native and restricted to Florida .
Torquigener albomaculosus , or the White - spotted pufferfish , is the twentieth discovered species of the genus Torquigener .
Biotocus turbinatus was a species of land snail , a gastropod in the family Odontostomidae .
Where the Boselaphini and Bovini are mostly Asian , members of the Strepsicerotini tribe , the spiral - horned antelopes , are found only on the continent of Africa .
This is a monotypic genus , containing the single species Cynema alutacea , found in Papua New Guinea .
Rubus bushii , Bush 's blackberry , is a rare North American species of flowering plant in the rose family .
Synalpheus microneptunus is a species of small snapping shrimp native to the waters off the island of Barbados .
Piaya is a small genus of relatively large and long - tailed cuckoos , which occur in Mexico , Central America and South America .
The genus is monotypic , and contains the single species Dictyocephalos attenuatus , described by the American botanist Lucien Marcus Underwood in 1901 ( as D. curvatus ) .
Chaenactis santolinoides is a California species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common name Santolina pincushion .
At present it contains the single species Protomycena electra , known from a single specimen collected in an amber mine in the Cordillera Septentrional area of the Dominican Republic .
Chebsaurus is a genus of quadrupedal , herbivorous , cetiosaurid sauropod dinosaur , specifically a eusauropod .
The cochoas ( from cocho , Nepali for Cochoa purpurea ) are medium - sized frugivorous , insectivorous and molluscivorous birds in the genus Cochoa .
Megaraptor ( `` giant thief '' ) is a genus of large tyrannosauroid dinosaur that lived in the Turonian to Coniacian ages of the Late Cretaceous .
Lobelia ( /loʊˈbiːliə , lə-/ ) is a genus of flowering plants comprising 415 species , with a subcosmopolitan distribution primarily in tropical to warm temperate regions of the world , a few species extending into cooler temperate regions .
Jacquiniella ( tufted orchid ) is a genus of flowering plants from the orchid family , Orchidaceae .
Actrix dissimulatrix is a species of snout moth in the genus Actrix .
Heliolydella aurata is a species of tachinid flies in the genus Heliolydella of the family Tachinidae .
Sempervivum altum is a species of flowering plant in the family Crassulaceae , native to the Caucasus Mountains .
Lithopoma phoebium , common name the longspine star shell , is a species of medium - sized sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turbinidae , the turban snails .
Stratiotes is a genus of submerged aquatic plant commonly known as water soldiers , described as a genus by Linnaeus in 1753 .
Ophiodes is a genus of lizards from South America .
Berosus peregrinus is a species of hydrophilid beetle from Canada , the United States and Cuba .
Polonosuchus is a genus of rauisuchian known from the late Triassic ( Carnian age ) of Poland .
Gogo brevibarbis is a species of catfish in the Anchariidae family .
Rhopalodon is a genus of synapsid from the Permian of Russia .
Gentianella rupicola is a species of plant in the family Gentianaceae .
Brodiaea appendiculata , the appendage brodiaea or appendage cluster - lily , ) is an uncommon species of plant in the genus Brodiaea .
Persoonia arborea , commonly known as the tree geebung , is a small tree species that is endemic to Victoria , Australia .
Microlophus atacamensis , the Atacamen Pacific iguana , is a species of lava lizard endemic to the Chile .
Ogasawarana obtusa is an extinct species of snail from Chichi - jima , Ogasawara , Japan .
Pleurozia is the only genus of liverworts in the family Pleuroziaceae , which is classified within the order Jungermanniales .
Heterallactis phlogozona is a species of moth of the Arctiidae family .
Evoplosoma is a genus of deep - sea sea star in the family Goniasteridae .
Milicia regia is a species of tropical tree in the family Moraceae .
Xylomimus baculus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Xylomimus .
Boletopsis atrata is a species of hydnoid fungus in the family Bankeraceae .
The Martinique curly - tailed lizard ( Leiocephalus herminieri ) is an extinct species of lizard from the family of curly - tailed lizards ( Leiocephalidae ) .
Nyassachromis is a genus of haplochromine cichlids endemic to Lake Malawi .
Camissonia parvula is a species of evening primrose known by the common name Lewis River suncup .
Craspedia is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family commonly known as billy buttons and woollyheads .
Drakaea micrantha , commonly known as the dwarf hammer orchid is a species of orchid endemic to the south -- west of Western Australia .
Faxonella is a genus of North American crayfish , comprising the following species :
Agalinis auriculata is a species of flowering plant in the broomrape family known by the common names earleaf false foxglove , auriculate false foxglove , and earleaf gerardia .
The Moustached thryssa ( Thryssa mystax ) , also known as Gangetic anchovy , is a species of oceanodromousray - finned fish in the family Engraulidae .
The Gulf killifish is currently being used to test the effects of oil and oil dispersants on the physiology of marine species affected by these substances .
Allium blandum is a species of onion native to northern India , Pakistan , Afghanistan , Tajikistan , Nepal and the Xinjiang region of western China .
Dendrobium subbilobatum is a species of orchid found in New Guinea .
Pytilia is a genus of birds in the family Estrildidae , containing five species :
Caenoplana coerulea , known as the Blue Planarian or Blue Garden Flatworm is a species of land flatworm , a terrestrial turbellarian .
Trixis californica , the American threefold or American trixis , is a species of flowering plant in the family Asteraceae .
Petrochromis is a genus of cichlids endemic to Lake Tanganyika in east Africa .
Homaloptera ocellata is a species of ray - finned fish in the genus Homaloptera found in Sumatra and Java in Indonesia .
Epiodynerus is a monotypic genus of potter wasps .
Coelogyne nitida is a species of orchid in the Coelogyne genus .
Istiblennius dussumieri , the streaky rockskipper , is a species of combtooth blenny found in coral reefs in the western Pacific and Indian Oceans .
Collema coniophilum is a species of fungi within the Collemataceae family , first found in inland rainforests of British Columbia .
Wingertshellicus is an extinct genus of arthropod , of average size ( approximately 7.5 centimetres or 3.0 inches long ) , that has been found in Hunsrück Slate , that is located in the Rhenish Massif in Germany , and lived about 405 million years ago , during the Lower Emsian ( part of the Lower Devonian ) .
Anthomyia is a genus of fly in the family Anthomyiidae .
Jungia schuerae is a plant species native to west - central Perú .
Mesonoemacheilus is a genus of stone loach endemic to India .
Aptostichus miwok is a species of trapdoor spider named after the Coast Miwok Indian tribe known to have inhabited the coastal areas of California from the Golden Gate northward prior to European settlement .
Squamanita schreieri is a species of fungus in the Tricholomataceae family , and the type species of the genus Squamanita .
Acacia longifolia is a species of Acacia native to southeastern Australia , from the extreme southeast of Queensland , eastern New South Wales , eastern and southern Victoria , and southeastern South Australia .
The Brass 's friarbird ( Philemon brassi ) is a species of bird in the Meliphagidae family .
It contains the species Acolastodes oenotripta .
Phragmipedium lindleyanum is a species of orchid ranging from northern South America to Brazil ( Pernambuco ) .
Typhonium flagelliforme is a species of flowering plant in the family Araceae .
Diamitosa moseri is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Diamitosa .
Aloe melanacantha ( locally known as the `` Goree '' ) is a rare species of succulent plant in the genus Aloe , from the arid Namaqualand areas of the western part of South Africa .
Luanchuanraptor ( meaning `` Luanchuan thief '' ) is a genus of dromaeosaurid theropod dinosaur from the Late Cretaceous of China .
Draba ramulosa is a rare species of flowering plant in the mustard family known by the common names Mt.
Micromelo undatus , common name the miniature melo , is an uncommon species of small sea snail or bubble snail , a marine opisthobranch gastropod mollusk in the family Aplustridae .
Milnesium antarcticum is a species of Eutardigrade in the family Milnesiidae .
Acantholycosa khakassica is a species of wolf spider only known from south - western Khakassia , Russia .
This is a monotypic genus , containing the single species Coppinsia minutissima .
Belone is a genus of needlefish common in brackish and marine waters .
Actinotachina tenuis is a species of tachinid flies in the genus Actinotachina of the family Tachinidae .
Arctostaphylos viscida , with the common names whiteleaf manzanita and sticky manzanita , is a species of manzanita .
Mesembriornis is a genus of intermediate - sized phorusrhacids that grew up to 1.5 metres in height .
Zabrus puncticeps is a species of ground beetle in the Polysitus subgenus that is endemic to Algeria .
Nurhachius is a genus of istiodactylid pterodactyloid pterosaur from the Barremian - Aptian - age Lower Cretaceous Jiufotang Formation of Chaoyang , Liaoning , China .
Batrachylidae is a family of frogs from southern South America ( Argentina and Chile ) .
Pristomyrmex rasnitsyni is an extinct species of ant in the genus Pristomyrmex .
Fontannesia is an ammonoid cephalopod genus with a small to medium size , evolute , discoidal shell that was extant during the Jurassic Period .
Pagurus armatus , the armed hermit crab or black - eyed hermit crab , is a species of hermit crab found in the eastern Pacific Ocean of the United States and British Columbia , Canada .
Vaginulus sloanii is a species of air - breathing sea slug , a shell - less marine pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Veronicellidae .
Smith 's vole ( Myodes smithii ) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae .
Monoptilon bellidiforme is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common names daisy desertstar and small desert star .
Nyctimantis rugiceps ( common name : brown - eyed treefrog ) is a species of frog in the Hylidae family .
Iraota is a genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae . The genus was erected by Frederic Moore in 1881 .
Leptodictyum riparium , commonly known as Kneiff 's feathermoss , streamside leptodictyum moss , or knapwort , is a species of moss commonly found growing in the lakes and rivers of Minnesota and also Mexico , Guatemala , the Bahamas archipelago , Cuba , Jamaica , Haiti , Dominican Republic , Venezuela , Peru and Brazil .
Oxymeris felina , common name : the Tiger Auger , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Terebridae , the auger snails .
The class Pterobranchia was established by Ray Lankester in 1877 .
Ribes laxiflorum is a species of currant known by the common names trailing black currant , and spreading currant .
Corythoichthys amplexus , known commonly as the Brown - banded Pipefish , is a species of marine fish in the family Syngnathidae .
Phoenicobius is a genus of medium - sized , air - breathing land snails , terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Bradybaenidae .
Handkea excipuliformis , commonly known as the pestle puffball or long - stemmed puffball , is a species of the Agaricaceae family .
Festuca pilgeri is a species of grass which is endemic to East Africa .
Oenopota convexigyra is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mangelidae .
Calochortus simulans is a California species of flowering plant in the lily family known by the common name San Luis Obispo mariposa lily , not to be confused with the San Luis mariposa lily C. obispoensis .
The Norfolk ground dove ( Alopecoenas norfolkensis ) was a species of bird in the Columbidae , or pigeon family .
Cryosophila is a genus of medium - sized fan palms which range from central Mexico to northern Colombia .
Naquetia triqueter , common name : the three - angled murex , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae , the murex snails or rock snails .
Prionella villosa is a species of ulidiid or picture - winged fly in the genus Prionella of the family Tephritidae .
Diodora jukesii , common name Jukes ' keyhole limpet , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fissurellidae , the keyhole limpets and slit limpets .
The Molidae comprise the family of the molas or ocean sunfishes , unusual fish whose bodies come to an end just behind the dorsal and anal fins , giving them a `` half - fish '' appearance .
Atelestidae is a family of true flies in the superfamily Empidoidea .
Rhynchodipteridae is a family of prehistoric lungfishes which lived during the Devonian period .
Ctenolita argyrobapta is a moth species in the family of Limacodidae found in Cameroon and in Ghana .
Pexicopia is a genus of moth in the family Gelechiidae , it contains 22 species , such as the Hollyhock Seed Moth ( Pexicopia malvella ) , which is found in Europe .
Dactylorhiza elata ( robust marsh orchid ) is a species of flowering plant in the family Orchidaceae , native to the western Mediterranean region ( France ( including Corsica ) , Sardinia , Spain , Portugal , Algeria , Morocco and Tunisia ) .
Allium munzii is a rare species of wild onion known by the common name Munz 's onion .
Paludomidae , common name paludomids , is a family of freshwater snails , gastropod molluscs in the clade Sorbeoconcha .
This is a monotypic genus , containing the single species Maculatifrondes aequatoriensis .
Phacelia ciliata is a species of phacelia known by the common name Great Valley phacelia .
In taxonomy , Chaetonema is a genus of green algae , in the family Chaetophoraceae .
Arctostaphylos ohloneana is a rare species of manzanita known by the common name Ohlone manzanita in the Santa Cruz Mountains in California .
Ciboria rufofusca is a species of ascomycete fungus in the family Sclerotiniaceae .
The Nicobar cat snake , Boiga wallachi , is a species of rear - fanged colubrid found in the Nicobar Islands and known from the islands of Great Nicobar and Little Nicobar .
Ilex conocarpa is a species of Ilex genus in the Aquifoliaceae family .
Unlike other Fumaria species which are known as weeds of crops and agricultural areas , Fumaria capreolata can become naturalised in areas of natural vegetation and smother low - growing plants , becoming an environmental weed .
Chthonerpeton onorei is a species of amphibian in the Typhlonectidae family , endemic to Ecuador .
Granulhepomidion granulipenne is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Granulhepomidion .
Lessingia ramulosa ( Sonoma lessingia ) is a plant species endemic to California .
Poliomintha incana is a species of flowering plant in the mint family which is known as frosted mint .
Xiphophorus is a genus of euryhaline and freshwater fishes in the family Poeciliidae of order Cyprinodontiformes .
Longitarsus audisioi is a species of beetle in the subfamily Galerucinae that can be found in the village of Trabzon in Turkey .
Glandirana minima ( known as Fujian frog or little gland frog ) is a species of frog in the Ranidae family .
Clavelina picta , common name the painted tunicate , is a species of tunicate ( sea squirt ) , in the genus Clavelina ( the `` little bottles '' ) .
Calliphora stygia , commonly known as the brown blowfly , or rango tumaro in Māori , is a species of blow - fly that is found in Australia and New Zealand .
Terebra argosyia is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Terebridae , the auger snails .
Merismopedia ( from the Greek merismos ( division ) and the Greek pedion ( plain ) ) is a genus of cyanobacteria found in fresh and salt water .
Trimeris is a monotypic genus of the plant family Campanulaceae containing the single species Trimeris scaevolifolia .
Agnesia is a genus of herbaceous South American bamboo in the grass family .
The Asterinidae are a large family of sea stars in the order Valvatida .
The Roccellaceae are a family of fungi in the order Arthoniomycetes .
Chamaegigas is a genus which contains only one species , Chamaegigas intrepidus , an aquatic plant that is native to central - west Namibia , growing in semi - arid and savanna regions .
Nils Hjalmar Odhner , discoverer of the species , suggested that Parateuthis tunicata , discovered by Johannes Thiele in 1920 , might be a young Antarctic neosquid .
The tesias are a genus , Tesia , of Old World warbler .
Nycticorax is a genus of night herons .
Psyllotoxoides albomaculata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Psyllotoxoides .
Otoba acuminata is a species of plant in the Myristicaceae family found in Costa Rica , Ecuador , and Panama .
Dinopium is a genus of birds in the Picidae family .
It contains only one species , Nesophylacella xanthoschema , which is found in New Guinea .
Angraecum atlanticum is a species of comet orchid that can be found in Equatorial Guinea and Gabon .
Eucommia rolandii is an extinct species of flowering plant in the family Eucommiaceae .
Neolamprologus crassus is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Tanganyika where it can be found in the southwestern part of the lake , in the waters of the Democratic Republic of the Congo .
Mimulus montioides is a species of monkeyflower known by the common name montia - like monkeyflower .
Corythoichthys amplexus , known commonly as the Many - spotted pipefish or Yellow - spotted Pipefish , is a species of marine fish in the family Syngnathidae .
Carex lutea is a rare species of sedge known by the common names golden sedge and sulphur sedge .
The Percidae are a family of perciform fish found in fresh and brackish waters of the Northern Hemisphere .
Xenocona pulchra is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , the only species in the genus Xenocona .
Protosialis casca is an extinct species of alderfly in the Sialidae subfamily Sialinae .
Hadrobregmus pertinax is a species of woodboring beetle within the genus Hadrobregmus of the family Anobiidae .
Diaspididae is the largest family of scale insects with over 2650 described species in around 400 genera .
Glyptapanteles is a genus of endoparasitoid wasp found in Central and North America .
Echinocereus viridiflorus is a species of cactus known by the common names nylon hedgehog cactus , green pitaya , and small - flowered hedgehog cactus .
Steatocranus is a small genus of rheophilic cichlids mostly native to the Congo River Basin in DR Congo / Congo Brazzaville , although one species , S. irvinei , is restricted to the Volta River in Ghana and will likely be removed from this genus at a future date .
The Lumbriculidae are a family of microdrile oligochaetes common in freshwater environments , including streams , lakes , marshes , wells and groundwater .
Munditia tryphenensis is a species of minute sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Liotiidae .
Alosa algeriensis , the North African shad , is a Mediterranean species of clupeid fish in the shad genus Alosa .
Megalaria is a genus of lichenized fungi in the family Megalariaceae .
Chiloglanis is a genus of upside - down catfishes native to Africa .
Capoeta angorae is a species of freshwater cyprinid fish , which is known from a single specimen caught from Turkey .
Cyathea crinita is a species of tree fern endemic to Western Ghats of India and island of Sri Lanka , where it grows in wetland forests .
Pseudoxenodon macrops , commonly known as the large - eyed bamboo snake or the Chinese false cobra , is a species of venomous rear - fanged snake endemic to Asia .
Myrmarachne exasperans is a species of jumping spider found in southeast Asia .
Cryptantha circumscissa is a species of flowering plant in the borage family known by the common name cushion cryptantha .
Petrochromis orthognathus is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Tanganyika where they prefer areas with rocky substrates on which they can graze on algae .
Luzula luzuloides , the white wood - rush or oakforest wood - rush is a species of flowering plant in the family Juncaceae ( rush family ) .
Lepiota maculans is a rare species of agaric fungus in the family Agaricaceae .
Cyanea remyi is a rare species of flowering plant in the bellflower family known by the common name Remy 's cyanea .
Aetiocetidae is an extinct family of toothed baleen whales known from the Oligocene .
Constantin and Bois first described Pachypodium baronii as a species of the genus Pachypodium in 1907 .
Micranthes integrifolia is a species of saxifrage known by the common name wholeleaf saxifrage .
Chromohalobacter is a genus of Proteobacteria .
Rhizotrogus creticus is a species of beetle in the Melolonthinae subfamily that is endemic to Crete .
Botta 's gerbil , Dipodillus bottai and also known as Gerbillus bottai , is a species of gerbil endemic to Sudan and possibly northern Kenya .
Carex cespitosa is a species of perennial sedge of the genus Carex which can be found growing in tufts ( caespitose ) , as the Latin specific epithet cespitosa suggests .
Hilsa kelee , called the kelee shad , fivespot herring and the razorbelly , is a species of shad native to the coasts and estuaries of the Indian Ocean and the western Pacific , generally in tropical waters .
Romaleon is a genus of marine crabs formerly considered in the genus Cancer .
Homalopteroides is a genus of hillstream loaches native to Southeast Asia .
Ceanothus hearstiorum is a species of flowering shrub known by the common names Hearst Ranch buckbrush and Hearst 's ceanothus .
Chlorophyllum is a genus of large agarics similar in appearance to the true parasol mushroom .
Anaspidoglanis akiri is a species of claroteid catfish endemic to Nigeria where it occurs in the Niger Delta and the New Calabar and Bonny Rivers .
The Polyporales are an order of fungi in the division Basidiomycota , subclass Agaricomycetidae .
Epimenia is a genus of cavibelonian solenogasters , a kind of shell - less , worm - like mollusks .
Bellubrunnus ( meaning `` the beautiful one of Brunn '' in Latin ) is an extinct genus of rhamphorhynchid pterosaur from the Late Jurassic ( Kimmeridgian stage ) of southern Germany .
The genus Cochleanthes is made up of 4 species of orchids native to Mexico , Central America , the West Indies and South America .
Eriogonum pusillum is a species of wild buckwheat known by the common name yellowturbans .
Barbicambarus is a genus of freshwater crayfish found in the southeastern United States .
The skin moth ( Monopis laevigella ) is a species of tineoid moth .
The fiery nudibranch , Okenia amoenula is a species of colourful sea slug , specifically a dorid nudibranch , a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Goniodorididae .
Acrolepidae is an extinct family of fish .
Anthuroidea is a superfamily of isopod crustaceans , formerly treated as a suborder , Anthuridea .
Zodarion aculeatum is a spider species found in Bulgaria , Romania , Serbia and Macedonia .
Lasmigona compressa is a species of freshwater mussel , an aquatic bivalve in the family Unionidae .
Bulinus jousseaumei is a species of tropical freshwater snail , an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Planorbidae , the ramshorn snails and their allies .
Quintinia serrata , the tawheowheo , is a species of evergreen trees in the genus Quintinia endemic to New Zealand .
It contains only one recognized species , Schiekia orinocensis , native to South America ( Brazil , Bolivia , Colombia , Venezuela , Guyana , Suriname , French Guiana ) .
Tetroplon caudatum is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , the only species in the genus Tetroplon .
Bactromantis tolteca is a species of praying mantis in the genus Bactromantis in the order Mantodea .
Peziza phyllogena , commonly known as the common brown cup or the pig - ear cup , is a species of fungus in the family Pezizaceae .
Seguenzia triteia is a species of very small , deep water sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Seguenziidae .
Euphorbia lactea is a species of spurge native to tropical Asia , mainly in India .
Spathiopteryx is an extinct genus of wasp currently comprises a single species Spathiopteryx alavarommopsis .
Gibbidessus chipi is a species of beetle in the family Dytiscidae , the only species in the genus Gibbidessus .
Cardamyla carinentalis is a species of snout moth in the genus Cardamyla .
Basilosauridae is a paraphyletic family of extinct cetaceans that lived during the late middle to the early late Eocene , known from all continents including Antarctica .
Orthocis alnoides is a species of tree - fungus beetle in Ciidae family which can be found throughout Near East and Croatia .
Melipotis jucunda , the Merry Melipotis Moth , is a species of moth in the Erebidae family .
Malacothamnus abbottii is a rare species of flowering plant in the mallow family known by the common name Abbott 's bushmallow .
Talenkauen ( meaning `` small skull '' in Aonikenk , referring to the proportionally small skull ) is a genus of basal iguanodont dinosaur from the Cenomanian - age Upper Cretaceous Pari Aike Formation of Lake Viedma , Santa Cruz , Argentina .
Allomyces javanicus is a species of fungus from Indonesia .
Cyathostelma is a species of plants in the Apocynaceae first described as a genus in 1885 .
Artemisia californica , also known as California sagebrush , is a species of western North American shrubs in the sunflower family .
Melanorosaurus ( meaning `` Black Mountain Lizard '' , from the Greek melas/μέλας , `` black '' , oros/ὄρος , `` mountain '' + sauros/σαῦρος , `` lizard '' ) , is a genus of basal sauropodomorph dinosaur that lived during the Late Triassic period .
Terebralia palustris , common name the giant mangrove whelk , is a species of brackish - water snail , a gastropod mollusk in the family Potamididae .
Delphinium bicolor is a species of larkspur known as little larkspur and low larkspur .
Pausinystalia johimbe , ( Rubiaceae ) , common name Yohimbe , is a plant species native to western and central Africa ( Nigeria , Cabinda , Cameroon , Congo - Brazzaville , Gabon , Equatorial Guinea ) .
Cometaster pyrula , commonly known as the Faint owl moth or Ying - yang moth , is a species of moth of the Erebidae family .
Scaphosepalum pulvinare is a species of orchid found in Colombia and Ecuador .
Huayangosaurus is a genus of stegosaurian dinosaur from the Middle Jurassic of China .
Pinna rudis , the rough pen shell or spiny fan - mussel , is a species of bivalve mollusc in the family Pinnidae .
The Nose Catasetum ( Catasetum naso ) is a species of orchid found from Colombia to Venezuela .
Escavadodontidae is an extinct family of pangolin - like insectivore mammals which were endemic to North America from the Paleocene 63.3 - -60.2 Ma existing for approximately 3.1 million years ..
Lysimachia iniki is a rare species of flowering plant in the family Primulaceae known by the common names Wailua River yellow loosestrife and Wailua River island - loosestrife .
Solemya velum , common name the Atlantic awning clam , is a species of marine bivalve mollusc in the family Solemyidae , the awning clams .
Petitclercia is a genus of mollusk from the strigoceratid subfamily Disticocratinae which are included in the ammonitid superfamily Haplocerataceae .
Cercocarpus ledifolius is a North American species of mountain mahogany known by the common name curl - leaf mountain mahogany .
Pronesopupa frondicella is a species of air - breathing land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Pupillidae .
Decaspermum is a genus of the botanical family Myrtaceae , first described as a genus in 1776 .
Monotropastrum humile is a species of myco - heterotrophic plant of the family Ericaceae , distributed throughout eastern Asia , from the Himalayas to the Islands of Japan .
Sutterella is a genus of Gram - negative , anaerobic , nonspore - forming bacteria of the family Sutterellaceae which belongs to the class Betaproteobacteria ; they were isolated from human faeces .
Derris robusta is a tree species in the genus Derris found in India .
Cychropsis paramontana is a species of black coloured ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae .
It is the only member of the genus Candolleodendron .
Cheiracanthium elegans is a species of spider in the genus Cheiracanthium found in Europe and Central Asia .
Bostrychus expatria is a species of freshwater sleeper goby endemic to Lake Manguao on the island of Palawan in the Philippines .
Pupilla triplicata is a species of minute air - breathing land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Pupillidae .
Physaria didymocarpa is a species of flowering plant in the mustard family known by the common name common twinpod .
Astragalus anxius is a rare species of milkvetch known by the common names troubled milkvetch and Ash Valley milkvetch .
Prunus malayana is a species of plant in the family Rosaceae .
Metamecynopsis duodecimguttata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Metamecynopsis .
Veronica copelandii is a rare species of flowering plant in the plantain family known by the common name Copeland 's speedwell .
Fukuia ooyagii is a species of freshwater snail which has an operculum , an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Pomatiopsidae .
Longipteryx is a genus of prehistoric bird which lived during the Early Cretaceous ( Aptian stage , 120.3 million years ago ) .
Myrmecia nobilis is species of ant .
Campylognathoides ( `` curved jaw '' , Strand 1928 ) is a genus of pterosaur , discovered in the Württemberg Lias deposits ( dated to the early Toarcian age ) of Germany ; this first specimen consisted however only of wing fragments .
Rhaphidophora celatocaulis '' is a plant species of the family Araceae .
Amoria maculata , common name Carol 's volute , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Volutidae , the volutes .
Osedax is a genus of deep - sea siboglinid polychaetes , commonly called boneworms , zombie worms , or bone - eating worms .
Podocarpus elongatus ( Breede River yellowwood ) is a species of conifer in the Podocarpaceae family .
Banksia lemanniana , commonly known as the yellow lantern banksia or Lemann 's banksia , is a species of woody shrub of the family Proteaceae native to Western Australia .
Xanthoconium montaltoense is a species of bolete fungus in the genus Xanthoconium .
The African green pigeon ( Treron calvus ) is a species of bird in the family Columbidae , and one of 5 green pigeon species in the Afrotropics .
The single species , Elopteryx nopcsai , is known only from very incomplete material , and therefore is considered a nomen dubium ( `` dubious name '' ) by most paleontologists .
Mastiglanis asopos is a species of three - barbeled catfish .
Didemnum vexillum , the carpet sea squirt , is a species of colonial tunicate in the family Didemnidae .
Platygillellus brasiliensis , the Brazilian sand stargazer , is a species of sand stargazer native to the Atlantic coast of Brazil where it can be found at depths of from 1 to 6 metres ( 3.3 to 19.7 ft ) in areas with gravel substrates in which it buries itself almost completely except the eyes and the dorsal finlet .
Calliostoma anseeuwi is a species of medium - sized deepwater sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Calliostomatidae .
Phthanophaneron harveyi , the Gulf flashlightfish , is a species of flashlight fish endemic to the Gulf of Mexico where it is found at depths of from 32 to 36 metres ( 105 to 118 ft ) .
Calycoseris is a small genus of two species of annual desert wildflowers in the daisy family , native to western North America in the southwestern United States and Northwestern Mexico .
Cerithiopsis lamyi is a species of sea snail , a gastropod in the family Cerithiopsidae .
Polemon leopoldi is a species of venomous rear - fanged snake in the family Atractaspididae .
Calliostoma trotini is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Calliostomatidae .
Synodontis macrops is a species of upside - down catfish endemic to Uganda where it is found in the Aswa River basin .
Springeratus polyporatus is a species of clinid native to the waters around the Indian Ocean islands of Réunion and Mauritius where it can be found from the surface to 15 metres ( 49 ft ) in depth .
Erigeron taipeiensis is a Chinese species of flowering plants in the daisy family .
Carex helleri is a species of sedge known by the common name Heller 's sedge .
Bothrideridae is a family of beetles in the suborder Polyphaga .
Meristina is an extinct genus of brachiopod that lived from the Late Ordovician to the Middle Devonian of Asia , Europe , and North America .
Aspidoras is a genus of catfishes of the family Callichthyidae .
Micrurus diastema , commonly known as the variable coral snake , is a species of venomous elapid snake , native to southeastern Mexico and northern Central America .
Rhodanassa io is a moth of the Depressariidae family and only species in the Rhodanassa genus .
Eofelis is an extinct genus of small nimravid ( false saber - toothed cats ) .
Anahoplites is a genus of rather involute , compressed hoplitid ammonites with flat sides , narrow flat or grooved venters , and flexious ribs or striae arising from weak umbilicle tubercles that end in fine dense ventrolateral nodes .
Orconectes shoupi , the Nashville crayfish , is a species of crayfish in the family Cambaridae .
Ptychocharax rhyacophila is a species of characin endemic to Venezuela , where it is found in the upper Siapa River .
Acanthostyles is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family , Asteraceae described as a genus in 1971 .
Takakkawia is a genus of sponge known from the Middle Cambrian Burgess Shale that reached around 4 cm in height .
Rhododendron spinuliferum is a species of Rhododendron native to Yunnan , southwestern Sichuan , and Guizhou China .
Raorchestes menglaensis ( Zhishihe 's bubble - nest frog or Mengla small treefrog ) is a species of frog in the Rhacophoridae family .
Crataegus × sinaica is a hawthorn that originated as a hybrid between two other hawthorn species , C. azarolus in series Orientales and C. monogyna in series Crataegus .
Prototheora malawiensis is a species of moth of the Prototheoridae family .
Mimulus glaucescens is a species of monkeyflower known by the common name shieldbract monkeyflower .
Hoplocorypha congica is a species of praying mantis found in Angola and the Congo River region .
Oncorhynchus kawamurae , the black kokanee , or kunimasu in Japanese , is a Japanese species of salmon which was thought to had gone extinct in 1940 , but was discovered to still have a living population in 2010 .
Astragalus holmgreniorum is a rare species of milkvetch known by the common names Holmgren milkvetch and paradox milkvetch .
Conus irregularis , common name the irregular cone , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae , the cone snails and their allies .
Sophronicomimus densepunctatus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Sophronicomimus .
Anguis , or the slow worm , is a small genus of lizards in the family Anguidae .
Clematis pauciflora is a species of clematis known by the common name ropevine .
Procambarus tenuis is a species of crayfish in the genus Procambarus in the family Cambaridae .
Spumellaria is a radiolarian protists order in the class Polycystinea .
The Pycroft 's petrel ( Pterodroma pycrofti ) is a species of seabird in the Procellariidae family .
Cantheschenia is a genus of filefishes native to the western Pacific Ocean .
Erethistes maesotensis is a species of South Asian river catfish native to Myanmar and Thailand where it is known from Moei River near Mae Sot on the Thai - Burmese border .
The Trionychidae are a taxonomic family of a number of turtle genera commonly known as softshells .
Malacocoris chlorizans ( commonly known as delicate apple capsid ) is a species of plant bugs belonging to the family Miridae , subfamily Orthotylinae .
The Sabiá , scientific name Mimosa caesalpiniaefolia , is a species of tree with white flowers , a legume in the Fabaceae family .
Streptolabis hispoides is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , the only species in the genus Streptolabis .
It contains only one species , Gerdana caritella , which is found in North America , where it has been recorded from south - eastern Canada and the eastern United States .
Phylogenetic relationships between Bovista nigrescens and species of Lycoperdaceae were established based on ITS and LSU sequence data from north European taxa .
Zodarion abantense is a spider species found in Turkey , Georgia and Russia .
Maxillaria cucullata , the Cowl - carrying Maxillaria , is a species of orchid ranging from Mexico southward into Panama .
Ameles moralesi is a species of praying mantis found in Morocco .
Camptopsestis malayana is a moth in the Drepanidae family and only species in the Camptopsestis genus .
Manduca blackburni , commonly known as Blackburn 's Sphinx Moth , Hawaiian Tomato Hornworm , and Hawaiian Tobacco Hornworm , is a species of moth in the family Sphingidae .
Macellocerus acuminatus is a species of darkling beetles in the subfamily Tenebrioninae .
Rhopilema is a genus of jellyfishes .
Aphalara itadori , the Japanese knotweed psyllid , is a species of psyllid from Japan which feeds on Japanese knotweed ( Fallopia japonica ) .
Salvadori 's seedeater or Salvadori 's serin ( Crithagra xantholaemus ) is a species of finch in the Fringillidae family .
Microsporum is a genus of fungi that causes tinea capitis , tinea corpus , ringworm , and other dermatophytoses ( fungal infections of the skin ) .
Urodacus manicatus , commonly known as the black rock scorpion , is a species of scorpion belonging to the subfamily Urodacinae ( family Scorpionidae ) .
Prunus glandulosa , called Chinese bush cherry , Chinese plum , and dwarf flowering almond , is a species of shrub tree native to China and long present in Japan .
Burmannia biflora , common name northern bluethread , is a plant species native to Cuba , the Bahamas and to the southeastern United States .
Metopium brownei ( also known as chechem or black poisonwood ) is a species of plant in the Anacardiaceae family .
Stenaelurillus setosus is a species of jumping spider from Burma .
Vitimopsyche is an extinct genus of Mecopteran which existed in what is now northeastern China during the early Cretaceous period .
Sahyadria is a genus of cyprinid fishes native to India where they are endemic to rivers and streams in the Western Ghats .
Bridouxia leucoraphe is a species of tropical freshwater snail with a gill and an operculum , an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Paludomidae .
It contains only one species , Colpocrita diptila , which is found in Brazil .
Isoetes macrospora ( big - spore quillwort ) is a species of quillwort in the Isoetaceae family .
Erythrina fusca is a species of flowering tree in the legume family , Fabaceae .
Pediocactus sileri is a rare species of cactus known by the common names Siler 's pincushion cactus and gypsum cactus ( or gypsum plains cactus ) .
Carabus exiguus exiguus is a black - coloured subspecies of ground beetle in the Carabinae subfamily that is endemic to Sichuan , China .
Malacanthus is a small genus of tilefishes native to the western Atlantic Ocean and the Indian and Pacific Oceans .
Erigeron pulchellus ( Robin 's plantain , blue spring daisy , hairy fleabane ) is a North American species of plants in the daisy family .
Ovaloparmena affinis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Ovaloparmena .
Clubiona pseudoneglecta is a sac spider species found from Europe to Central Asia .
Nodiscala is a taxonomic genus of small sea snails , marine gastropod mollusks in the family Epitoniidae , the wentletraps .
Phyllocladus alpinus , the mountain toatoa or mountain celery pine , is a species of conifer in the Podocarpaceae family .
Gentiana lutea ( great yellow gentian ) is a species of gentian native to the mountains of central and southern Europe .
Irvingia malayana , also known as wild almond ( Thai : กระบก ) , is a tropical evergreen tree species in the family Irvingiaceae .
Caulanthus glaucus is a species of flowering plant in the mustard family known by the common name glaucous wild cabbage .
Ecsenius paroculus is a species of combtooth blenny in the genus Ecsenius .
Lactarius rupestris is a species of mushroom in the Russulaceae family .
Murex carbonnieri , also known as the Carbonnier 's murex , is a species of large predatory sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae , the rock snails or murex snails .
Ctenomorpha gargantua is a species of stick insect endemic to northern Australia .
Rodolia koebelei is a species of ladybird beetle from Australia .
Sciota subcaesiella , the locust leafroller moth , is a species of moth of the family Pyralidae .
Lessertia dentichelis is a spider species found in Europe , Canary Islands , Madeira , Canada and New Zealand .
Amyema pendula , also known as drooping mistletoe or furry drooping mistletoe , is a species of flowering plant , an epiphytic hemiparasitic plant of the family Loranthaceae , found attached to several species of Australian eucalypt and occasionally on some species of Acacia .
Taractichthys is a genus of pomfrets .
The Bengal slow loris ( Nycticebus bengalensis ) or northern slow loris is a strepsirrhine primate and a species of slow loris native to the Indian subcontinent and Indochina .
Pterobunocephalus is a genus of banjo catfishes found in tropical South America .
Archaeoceratops , meaning `` ancient horned face '' , is a genus of basal neoceratopsian dinosaur from the Early Cretaceous ( Aptian stage ) of north central China .
Nannosquilla decemspinosa is a species of long - bodied , short - legged Mantis Shrimp .
There is only one known species , Velella velella , in the genus .
Alyssum desertorum is a species of flowering plant in the mustard family known by the common name desert madwort .
Euryoryzomys legatus , also known as the Tarija oryzomys or big - headed rice rat , is a species of rodent in the genus Euryoryzomys of family Cricetidae .
Bulbophyllum aberrans , known as the Deviating Bulbophyllum , is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum .
Neppia is a genus of dugesiid triclad that is found in South America , Subantarctic region , Africa , Tasmania and New Zealand .
Tetralonia fumida , also known as Tetralonia ( Thygatina ) fumida , is a species of bees belonging to the family Apidae subfamily Apinae .
Schoenocrambe linifolia is a species of flowering plant in the mustard family known by the common names flaxleaf plainsmustard , skeleton mustard , and Salmon River plains - mustard .
Canis is a genus of canids containing seven to 10 extant species .
Ariola ransonneti was placed as a synonym of Ariola coelisigna in Poole ( 1989 ) , it is now treated as a valid species .
Amberboa is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family , described as a genus in 1832 .
The St Kilda house mouse ( Mus musculus muralis ) is an extinct subspecies of the house mouse found only on the islands of the St Kilda archipelago of northwest Scotland .
Quercus acerifolia ( also called maple - leaved oak ) is a rare North American species of trees in the beech family .
Chleuastochoerus is an extinct genus in the pig family that lived in the Miocene of Russia and Eastern Asia .
Hieracium greenei ( not to be confused with Hieracium greenii ) is a species of hawkweed known by the common name Greene 's hawkweed .
Brandegea is a monotypic genus containing the single species Brandegea bigelovii , the desert starvine .
Astragalus breweri is a species of milkvetch known by the common name Brewer 's milkvetch .
Allomyces arbusculus is a species of fungus from India .
Bombus neoboreus is a species of bumblebee .
Mauritia is a genus of fan palms which is native to northern South America and to the Island of Trinidad in the Caribbean .
Erythronium tuolumnense is a species of flowering plant in the family Liliaceae , known by the common name Tuolumne fawn lily or Tuolumne dog 's tooth violet .
Quadrula refulgens , common name the purple pimpleback , is a species of freshwater mussel .
Arapaimidae is a family of freshwater osteoglossiform fishes known as the bonytongues .
Abrothrix illuteus , also known as the Gray Akodont or Gray Grass Mouse , is a species of rodent in the genus Abrothrix of family Cricetidae .
Rubus wheeleri a North American species of brambles in the rose family .
Myrceugenia colchaguensis is a species of small evergreen tree in the genus Myrceugenia of the family Myrtaceae .
Cleghornia is a genus of plants in the dogbane family ; its various species are distributed in Borneo , China , Laos , Malaysia , Sri Lanka , Thailand , and Vietnam .
There is only one known species , Dielitzia tysonii , endemic to Western Australia .
Hoplostethus druzhinini is a species of slimehead native to the western Indian Ocean off the coast of Yemen .
Urospermum picroides is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name prickly goldenfleece .
Pholidophorus is an extinct genus of teleost fish from the Triassic and Jurassic periods of Africa , Europe , and South America .
Rubus deliciosus , the delicious raspberry , boulder raspberry , Rocky Mountain raspberry or snowy bramble , is North Americana species of flowering plant in the rose family , native to the United States , in the Rocky Mountains in Colorado , New Mexico , the Oklahoma Panhandle , and Wyoming .
Eupatorium rotundifolium , commonly called Roundleaf thoroughwort , is a North American species of plant in sunflower family .
Lagerstroemia floribunda , also known as Thai crape myrtle and kedah bungor , is a species of flowering plant in the Lythraceae family .
Thalattoarchon is an extinct genus of ichthyosaur from the Middle Triassic of the western United States .
Amphicoecia phasmatica is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae found in China 's Yunnan province .
Vetufebrus is an extinct genus of haemospororida that was described from Dominican amber dating to the mid Tertiary era .
Eryngium ombrophilum is a plant species native to Brazil , the type specimen collected there from the State of Paraná .
Hypsotropa ochricostella is a species of snout moth in the genus Hypsotropa .
Sinocyclocheilus anophthalmus ( eyeless golden - line fish or blind golden - line barbel ) is a species of ray - finned fish in the Cyprinidae family .
Neoplagiaulax is a mammal genus from the Paleocene of Europe and North America .
It contains only one species , Neosyntaxis warringtonella , which is found in Papua New Guinea .
Stegastes partitus or the bicolor damselfish is a species of bony fish in the family Pomacentridae found near the sea bed on shallow rocky and coral reefs in the Caribbean Sea , the Gulf of Mexico and off the coasts of Florida .
Platyhydnobius arizonensis is a species of beetle from a subfamily of Platyninae that can be found in North America .
Hamadryas arethusa is a species of cracker butterfly in the family Nymphalidae .
Eurycallinus mirabilis is a species of Longhorn beetle describe by Bates in 1885 .
Paphiopedilum emersonii , described in 1982 , is a species of orchid named after American orchid enthusiast Emerson ' Doc ' Charles .
Magicicada tredecassini is a species of periodical cicada endemic to the United States .
Clarkia breweri is a species of wildflower known by the common names fairy fans and Brewer 's clarkia .
Neopachygaster meromelas , the silver - strips black , is a European species of soldier fly .
Lima lima , or the spiny fileclam , is a species of bivalve mollusc in the family Limidae .
Hymenolepis diminuta , also known as rat tapeworm , is a species of Hymenolepis tapeworm that causes hymenolepiasis .
Dacrydium comosum is a species of conifer in the family Podocarpaceae .
Cirsium quercetorum is a species of thistle endemic to coastal California , its common names include brownie thistle and Alameda thistle .
Longitarsus suturellus is a species of beetle in the subfamily Galerucinae .
The Bahia forest frog , Macrogenioglottus alipioi , is a species of frog in the Odontophrynidae family .
Aipysurus eydouxii , commonly known as the beaded sea snake , marbled seasnake , or spine - tailed seasnake , is a species of sea snake .
Gracula is a genus of mynas , tropical members of the starling family of birds .
Geranium maderense , known as giant herb - Robert or the Madeira cranesbill , is a species of flowering plant in the Geraniaceae family , native to the island of Madeira .
Cottoperca is a genus of thornfishes southern oceans .
Lyncina schilderorum , common names the sandy cowry or Schilder 's cowry , is a species of sea snail , a cowry , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cypraeidae , the cowries .
Plectranthus esculentus , with English common names kaffir potato , and Livingstone potato , is a species of plant in the dicot family Lamiaceae .
Apatomerus ( meaning `` deceptive femur '' ) , is a genus of extinct reptile known from a single fossil ( KUVP 1199 ) from the Albian - age ( Lower Cretaceous ) Kiowa Shale of Kansas , USA .
Eriogonum diatomaceum is a species of wild buckwheat known by the common name Churchill Narrows buckwheat .
Triplophysa gundriseri is a species of stone loach from Mongolia and Tuva ( Russia ) .
Carychium exiguum , common name the obese thorn snail , is a species of minute air - breathing land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the subfamily Carychiinae .
Paleoctenophora brasseli is a fossil of a marine species ctenophore , found in Devonian slate near the German town of Buntenbach in Hunsrück , Germany , as a member of the Hunsrück Slate Lagerstätte .
Terminonaris is a genus of extinct pholidosaurid crocodyliforms that lived in the Late Cretaceous ( Cenomanian and Turonian ) .
Quinca mirifica also known as the Sailfin cardinalfish is a species of cardinalfish family Apogonidae and the only member of its genus .
Polysiphonia morrowii is a species of red algae native to Northeast Asia .
Scirpus microcarpus is a species of flowering plant in the sedge family known by the common names panicled bulrush , smallfruit bulrush , and barberpole bulrush .
Rhodactis howesii is a species of marine cnidarian in the order Corallimorpharia , a sea anemone - like corallimorph found on reefs in tropical regions of the Pacific Ocean .
Luperosuchus is an extinct genus of crurotarsan , a group which includes crocodilians and their ancestors .
Buddleja cestriflora is a rare species endemic to a small area near the eastern coast of Brazil , where it grows in the cloud forest along roadsides and in wet rocky clearings on the eastern border of Serra Geral of Santa Catarina and Rio Grande do Sul .
Pseudolithoxus anthrax is a species of armored catfish endemic to Venezuela where it is found in the Orinoco River basin .
Auxotricha ochrogypsa is a moth in the Elachistidae family , and the only species in the genus Auxotricha .
Gastrocopta moravica is a fossil species of very small air - breathing land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Vertiginidae , the whorl snails .
Metoptomatidae is an extinct family of fossil mollusks from the Paleozoic era .
Amphitrite ornata or ornate worm , is a species of marine polychaete worm in the family Terebellidae .
Phyllostegia velutina is a rare species of flowering plant in the mint family known by the common name velvet phyllostegia .
Vagococcus salmoninarum is a species of bacteria , with type strain NCFB 2777 .
Epithelantha bokei is a species of cactus known by the common names pingpong ball cactus and button - cactus .
Bothriechis supraciliaris , or the blotched palm - pit viper , is a species of venomous snake in the family Viperidae .
Amoria undulata , common name Wavy Volute , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Volutidae , the volutes .
Trichomonadida is an order of anaerobic protists , included with the parabasalids .
Pseudallescheria boydii is a species of fungus classified in the Ascomycota .
Leukoma staminea , common name the Pacific littleneck clam , is a species of bivalve mollusc in the family Veneridae .
The Scioto madtom ( Noturus trautmani ) was a species of fish in the Ictaluridae family .
Linanthus filiformis ( formerly Gilia filiformis ) is a species of flowering plant in the phlox family known by the common name yellow gilia .
Isotria ( fiveleaf orchid ) is a genus of flowering plants from the orchid family , Orchidaceae .
Leptochiloides is a small nearctic genus of potter wasps known from dry areas in South - Western North America .
Angadenia berteroi , common name pineland golden trumpet , is a plant species in the Apocynaceae , first described in 1844 .
Brachytarsomys villosa ( hairy - tailed antsangy ) is a species of rodent in the family Nesomyidae .
Eomamenchisaurus ( meaning `` dawn Mamenchisaurus '' ) is a genus of mamenchisaurid sauropod dinosaur from the Middle Jurassic of Yuanmou , Yunnan , China .
Lipophrys pholis , commonly known as Shanny , is a species of combtooth blenny .
Alicia pretiosa is a sea anemone species in the genus Alicia which can be found in such seas as the Red Sea and South Pacific Ocean .
Eburia brevispinis is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family , that can be found in Guatemala , Mexico and Nicaragua .
Nebothriomyrmex is a genus of ants in the subfamily Dolichoderinae containing the single species Nebothriomyrmex majeri .
It contains the single species Orthopterygium huaucui , which is endemic to western Peru .
Callitriche terrestris is a species of plant in the Callitrichaceae family found in Canada and in the eastern United States .
Paramispila bispecularis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Paramispila .
Hemianax ephippiger , the vagrant emperor , is a species of dragonfly in the family Aeshnidae .
Parmelia saxatilis , commonly known as the salted shield lichen or crottle , is a species of foliose lichen in the family Parmeliaceae .
Banksia elegans , commonly known as the elegant banksia , is a species of woody shrub in the genus Banksia of the family Proteaceae .
Gemella sanguinis is a species of bacteria within the genus Gemella .
Ariocarpus fissuratus ( formerly known as Anhalonium fissuratus ) is a species of cactus found in small numbers in northern Mexico and Texas in the United States .
Heteroponera angulata is a species of ant in the genus Heteroponera , endemic to Brazil .
Dodonaea aptera , commonly known as coast hop - bush , is a species of coastal shrub endemic to Western Australia .
Trifolium hybridum , the alsike clover , is a plant species of the genus Trifolium in the pea family Fabaceae .
Haworthia springbokvlakensis is a species of the genus Haworthia in the family Xanthorrhoeaceae , endemic to a very restricted area of the Eastern Cape Province in South Africa .
Aporhina bispinosa is a species of Brentidae family , Eurhynchinae subfamily .
Raisapoana is a genus of moths of the Tortricidae family .
Parmacella gervaisii is an extinct species of air - breathing land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Parmacellidae .
Enthymius dubius is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Enthymius .
Trombidium breei is a species of red mite in the genus Trombidium in the family Trombidiidae .
Calostoma cinnabarinum is a species of gasteroid fungus in the family Sclerodermataceae , and is the type species of the genus Calostoma .
Pliogonodon is an extinct genus of crocodylomorph .
Pinus chiapensis is a pine tree species in the Pinaceae family , and is commonly known as Chiapas pine , in Spanish as pino blanco , pinabete , or ocote .
Nebria pharina is a species of ground beetle in the Nebriinae subfamily that is endemic to Tibet .
Eryngium racemosum is a rare species of flowering plant in the carrot family known by the common name delta eryngo , or delta button celery .
Pterotyphis eos paupereques is a subspecies of small predatory sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Muricidae , the murex snails or rock snails .
Eleutherodactylus martinicensis is a species of frog in the Eleutherodactylidae family found in Antigua and Barbuda , Dominica , Guadeloupe , Martinique , and Saint Lucia .
Iberis sempervirens , the evergreen candytuft or perennial candytuft , is a species of flowering plant in the family Brassicaceae , native to southern Europe .
Lasiancistrus guacharote is a species of armored catfish native to the Lake Maracaibo basin of Colombia and Venezuela .
Campanula griffinii is a species of bellflower known by the common name Griffin 's bellflower .
Psaeropterella macrocephala is a species of ulidiid or picture - winged fly in the genus Psaeropterella of the family Tephritidae .
Conus natalis , common name the Natal Textile Cone , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae , the cone snails and their allies .
Jaltomata werffii is a plant species endemic to the Galápagos Islands in Ecuador .
Pissarrachampsa ( meaning `` piçarra ( the local name for the sandstones it was recovered from ) crocodile '' ) is an extinct genus of baurusuchid mesoeucrocodylian from the Late Cretaceous of Brazil .
Scartichthys gigas , the giant blenny , is a species of combtooth blenny found in the eastern Pacific ocean , from Panama to northern Chile .
Bacillus nealsonii is a species of bacteria first isolated from a spacecraft - assembly facility .
Wild apple ( lat . : Malus baccata ) is an Asian species of apple known by the common names Siberian crab apple , Siberian crab , Manchurian crab apple and Chinese crab apple .
Schoenus brevifolius , known as zig - zag bog - rush , is a species of sedge native to Australia , New Zealand , New Caledonia , and the Ogasawara ( Bonin ) Islands .
Dermestes ater is a species of beetle in the family Dermestidae , the skin beetles .
Fabiana imbricata ( pichi ) is a species of flowering plant in the family Solanaceae , native to dry upland slopes in Chile and Argentina .
Acanthops falcataria , common name South American dead leaf mantis , is a species of praying mantis in the subfamily Acanthopinae of the family Acanthopidae and is one of many mantis from various genera that resembles a dead leaf .
The Brown Tussock Moth Olene mendosa is a species of moth found in India , Taiwan , Borneo and Australia .
Desulfobacula phenolica is a bacterium species in the genus Desulfobacula .
Marasmarcha brevirostris is a species of moth in the genus Marasmarcha , known from Guatemala , Mexico , and Panama .
Diloma aethiops , common name the scorched monodont , is a species of small sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Trochidae .
Sarcopoterium is a genus of flowering plants in the rose family .
Dusicyon is an extinct genus of South American canids .
Nangura is a genus of skinks , a type of lizard .
Ice worms are annelids of the genus Mesenchytraeus .
Citropsis articulata , known commonly as the African cherry orange , West African cherry orange , Uganda cherry orange , and locally as omuboro , is a species of flowering plant in the citrus family , Rutaceae .
Vanilla tahitensis is a species of orchid in the genus Vanilla .
Cerauromeros is a trilobite in the order Phacopida that existed in what is now Illinois , U.S.A. It was described by Pribyl and Vanek in 1985 , and the type species is Cerauromeros hydei , which was originally described under the genus Ceraurus by Weller in 1907 .
Glyptophysa petiti is a species of small sinistral ( left - handed ) air - breathing freshwater snail , aquatic pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Planorbidae .
Bidens amplissima ( Vancouver Island beggarticks ) is a rare species of flowering plant in the daisy family .
Venyukovioidea is an infraorder of anomodont therapsids from the Permian of Russia .
Neovenatoridae is a family of large carnivorous dinosaurs representing a branch of the allosauroids , a large group of carnosaurs that also includes the sinraptorids , carcharodontosaurids , and allosaurids .
Bangana gedrosicus is a species of cyprinid fish endemic to Pakistan where it is only found in the Mashkel River drainage in Baluchistan .
The species is named in honor of Ms. Jane Cox , mother of Jessie Hill of Philadelphia and Hawaii , in recognition of Jessie Hill 's contribution to saving and inventorying the conserved ACG rain forest in which Dunama janecoxae breeds .
Bulinus octaploidus is a species of gastropod in the Planorbidae family .
Tympanoctomys kirchnerorum is a species of rodent in the family Octodontidae described in 2014 .
Pseudodontodynerus is a genus of potter wasps distributed throughout the Palearctic , Indomalayan and Afrotropical regions .
Antrocaryon amazonicum ( syn . Poupartia amazonica Ducke ) is a species of tree in the cashew family , Anacardiaceae .
Enterolobium cyclocarpum , commonly known as guanacaste , caro caro , or elephant - ear tree , is a species of flowering tree in the pea family , Fabaceae , that is native to tropical regions of the Americas , from central Mexico south to northern Brazil ( Roraima ) and Venezuela .
Doryphora sassafras , commonly known as Sassafras , Yellow- , Canary- or Golden sassafras , or Golden Deal , is a species of evergreen tree of the family Atherospermataceae native to the subtropical and temperate rainforests of eastern New South Wales and Queensland , Australia .
Stereosandra is a genus of leafless orchids native to Southeast Asia ( Thailand , Vietnam , Malaysia , Philippines , Indonesia ) , the range extending north to Yunnan , Taiwan and the Ryukyu Islands , and also eastward to New Guinea , the Solomon Islands and Samoa .
Potamonautes johnstoni is a species of freshwater crab in the family Potamonautidae .
Gammarellidae is a family of amphipods containing three genera :
Carex pansa is a species of sedge known by the common name sand dune sedge .
Padogobius bonelli is a species of goby native to rivers of Croatia , Italy , Slovenia , and Switzerland preferring areas with gravel substrates or dense vegetation along the edges .
Liorhyssus hyalinus is a species of scentless plant bugs belonging to the family Rhopalidae , subfamily Rhopalinae .
Tympanocryptis is a genus of Australian lizards from the family Agamidae .
The Javan slow loris ( Nycticebus javanicus ) is a strepsirrhine primate and a species of slow loris native to the western and central portions of the island of Java , in Indonesia .
The Volucellini is a tribe of hoverflies .
Sarcodon fuscoindicus is a species of tooth fungus in the genus Sarcodon .
The Enterprise siltsnail , also known as the Enterprise spring snail , scientific name Floridobia monroensis , is a species of very small freshwater snails that have an operculum , aquatic gastropod mollusks in the family Hydrobiidae , the mud snails .
Cercidiphyllum japonicum , known as the Katsura ( from its Japanese name カツラ , 桂 ) , is a species of flowering tree in the family Cercidiphyllaceae native to China and Japan .
Bauhinia japonica ( Chinese : 日本羊蹄甲 ; pinyin : ri ben yang ti jia ) is a species of flowering plant in the Fabaceae family which can be found in Guangdong , Hainan and Japan .
Acarosporina microspora is a species of fungus in the Stictidaceae family .
The Micrarctiina are a subtribe of woolly bear moths in the Erebidae family .
Pseudancistrus sidereus is a species of armored catfish known only from the upper Orinoco basin in Amazonas state , Venezuela .
Acontista multicolor is a small species of South American mantis in the family Acanthopidae .
Peniophora albobadia is a species of crust fungus in the family Peniophoraceae .
Dunkleosteidae is an extinct family of arthrodire placoderms .
Olios lepidus is a species of huntsman spider .
Trichromia persimilis is a species of moth from the Arctiidae family that is found in French Guyana , Brazil and Peru .
Pachyrhinosaurus ( meaning `` thick - nosed lizard '' ) is an extinct genus of centrosaurine ceratopsid dinosaurs from the Late Cretaceous period of North America .
Erlikosaurus is a genus of herbivorous theropod dinosaur from the late Cretaceous Period , belonging to the Therizinosauridae .
Zorzinichthys annae is an extinct genus of fish from the Ypresian epoch of Monte Bolca .
Navarretia setiloba is a rare species of flowering plant in the phlox family known by the common names Paiute Mountain pincushionplant and Piute Mountains navarretia .
Aloe comosa ( also called Clanwilliam Aloe ) is a species of plant that is endemic to South Africa .
Hondurodendron is a monotypic genus of tree endemic to Honduras .
Araeoscelis is an extinct genus of reptile , and one of the earliest diapsids .
There is only one known species , Anastrabe integerrima , native to Kwazulu - Natal Province in South Africa .
The type species is Elanodactylus prolatus .
Clanculus albanyensis , common name the yellow top shell , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Trochidae , the top snails .
Nannacara quadrispinae is a species of cichlid endemic to Venezuela where it is found in the Orinoco delta .
Eschscholzia lemmonii is a species of poppy known by the common name Lemmon 's poppy .
Valvata tricarinata , common name the three - ridge valvata or threeridge valvata , is a species of small freshwater snail with a gill and an operculum , an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Valvatidae , the valve snails .
Pseudogilbia sanblasensis , the San Blas coral - brotula , is a species of viviparous brotula found in reefs along the Caribbean coast of Panama .
Glenoleon falsus is a species of antlion that occurs in Australia .
Nigerpeton is a genus of temnospondyl amphibian which lived during the Permian period some 250 million years ago in Niger .
Sarcoprion ( Ancient Greek for `` flesh saw '' ) is an extinct genus of eugeneodontid holocephalid from the Permian of Greenland .
Stokesosaurus ( meaning `` Stokes ' lizard '' ) is a genus of small ( around three to four meters ( 10 - 13 ft ) in length ) , carnivorous early tyrannosauroid theropod dinosaurs from the late Jurassic period of Utah .
Tylophora is a genus of climbing plant or vine , first described as a genus in 1810 .
Sardopaladilhia marianae is a species of very small aquatic snail , an operculate gastropod mollusk in the family Moitessieriidae .
In taxonomy , the Thermoplasmatales are an order of the Thermoplasmata .
Aethes angulatana , the angular aethes , is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae .
Tectus dentatus , common name the toothed top shell , is a species of sea snail , marine gastropod mollusk in the family Tegulidae .
Calliostoma soyoae , common name Soyo 's top shell , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calliostomatidae .
Atopochilus savorgnani is a species of upside - down catfish native to Cameroon where it is found in the Ntem River , Equatorial Guinea where it occurs in Rio Muni and Gabon where it is found in the upper Ogowe River .
Melanthera venosa ( formerly Lipochaeta venosa ) is a rare species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name spreading nehe .
Granulina parilis is a species of minute sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cystiscidae , previously placed in the family Marginellidae .
Cordylanthus orcuttianus is a rare species of flowering plant in the broomrape family known by the common name Orcutt 's bird 's beak .
Eleutherodactylus amadeus , commonly known as Mozart 's frog , is a species of frog in the family Eleutherodactylidae .
Aloe ser . Mitriformes ( the Creeping Aloes ) is a taxonomic series within the genus Aloe , comprising several closely related species of Southern African rambling aloe .
Vittadinia is a genus of Australian and New Zealand plants in the aster tribe within the daisy family .
Callisia fragrans , commonly known as the Basket plant , Chain plant or Inch plant , is a species of the Callisia genus , in the Commelinaceae family .
Hanceola is a genus of flowering plants in the mint family , Lamiaceae , first described with this name in 1929 .
Acartauchenius asiaticus is a species of sheet weaver found in Turkmenistan .
Austrolethops wardi , the Small - eyed goby , is a species of goby native to tropical reefs of the Indian Ocean through the western Pacific Ocean where it inhabits areas of coral rubble .
Tominanga aurea is a species of fish in the Atherinidae family .
Schlumbergera is a small genus of cacti with six species found in the coastal mountains of south - eastern Brazil .
The Jamaican wood rail , also called the Jamaican uniform rail was a subspecies of the uniform rail found on Jamaica .
Oedura lesueurii , commonly known as Lesueur 's gecko or the velvet gecko , is a species of gecko endemic to Australia .
Ictinogomphus ferox , commonly called the common tiger or the common tigertail , is a species of dragonfly in the family Gomphidae .
Boverisuchus is an extinct genus of planocraniid crocodylian known from the middle Eocene ( Lutetian stage ) of Germany and western North America .
Scott 's seaside sparrow is a subspecies of the seaside sparrow .
Pinus hakkodensis is a species of conifer in the Pinaceae family .
Wahlenbergia linifolia ( also called Large Bellflower ) is a species of plant in the Campanulaceae family .
Alloispermum is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family described as a genus in 1807 .
Moduza is a genus of south - east Asian ( Indomalayan ecozone ) brush - footed butterflies commonly called the commanders .
Tremblay 's salamander is a hybrid species of Jefferson salamanders ( A. jeffersonianum ) and blue - spotted salamanders ( A. laterale ) .
Centromadia is a genus of North American plants in the tarweed tribe within the sunflower family .
Acronychia is a genus of 44 species of plants , mainly shrubs , in the rue family Rutaceae .
Sclerotinia is a genus of fungi in the family Sclerotiniaceae .
Strumigenys emmae is a species of ant in the genus Strumigenys .
Hylarana parkeriana ( Congolo frog ) is a species of frog in the Ranidae family .
Phalangium opilio is `` the most widespread species of harvestman in the world '' , occurring natively in Europe , and much of Asia , and having been introduced to North America , North Africa and New Zealand .
The Sira tanager ( Tangara phillipsi ) is a species of bird in the family Thraupidae .
Ambassis macleayi , commonly known as the Macleay 's glassfish , is a species of fish in the family Ambassidae .
On May 29 , 1948 , Tabebuia chrysantha was declared National Tree of Venezuela since being an emblematic native species of extraordinary beauty .
It contains only one species , Taeniodictys sericella , which is found in Puerto Rico .
Gynandromyia longicornis is a Chinese species of tachinid flies in the genus Gynandromyia of the family Tachinidae .
Bertella idiomorpha is a species of deep - sea anglerfish found in the northern Pacific Ocean .
Schizonepeta ( Japanese catnip ) is a genus of herbs .
Nuda is a class of ctenophores or comb jellies .
Medicago orbicularis is a plant species found throughout the Mediterranean basin and along the European Black Sea coast .
Cladophantis is a genus of moths of the Xyloryctidae family .
Cattleya walkeriana ' ( Walker 's Cattley 's ) is a species of orchid .
Amolops formosus ( variously known as Assam sucker frog , beautiful stream frog , Assam cascade frog , or hill stream frog ) is a species of frog found in high gradient streams of northern India , northern Bangladesh , and Nepal .
Roridomyces roridus , commonly known as the dripping bonnet or the slippery mycena , is a species of agaric fungus in the family Mycenaceae .
Maranta leuconeura ( prayer plant ) is a species of flowering plant in the family Marantaceae , native to the Brazilian Rainforest .
Arocatus roeselii is a species of lygaeid bug about a centimetre long and is found in Europe .
Alticorpus is a small genus of cichlids endemic to the deep waters of Lake Malawi .
Orchestia gammarellus is a species of amphipod in the family Talitridae .
The single species , Chalepophyllum guyanense , occurs in Guyana and southern Venezuela .
Priapella is a genus of poeciliid fishes endemic to Mexico .
Tessarabrachion is a monotypic genus of species of krill , containing only the species Tessarabrachion oculatus .
Iris spuria is a species of the genus Iris , part of a subgenus series known as Limniris and in the Series Spuriae .
The Columbian white - tailed deer ( Odocoileus virginianus leucurus ) is one of the three subspecies of white - tailed deer in North America .
Sodopsis curvifascia is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Sodopsis .
Teredo portoricensis , known commonly as the Puerto Rico shipworm , is a species of wood - boring clam or shipworm , a marine bivalve mollusk in the family Teredinidae .
Graphosoma semipunctatum is a species of true bug living exclusively in the Mediterranean region .
Oberea bimaculata is a species of flat - faced longhorn beetle in the tribe Saperdini in the genus Oberea , discovered by Olivier in 1795 .
The Anomioidea are a superfamily of marine bivalve molluscs that include two families , the Anomiidae and the Placunidae , the jingle shells and saddle shells .
Allium jepsonii is a species of wild onion known by the common name Jepson 's onion , honoring renowned California botanist Willis Linn Jepson .
Harttia torrenticola is a species of armored catfish endemic to Brazil where it is found in the São Francisco River basin .
Neocollyris horsfieldi is a species of ground beetle in the family Carabidae .
Calochortus catalinae is a species of mariposa lily known by the common name Santa Catalina mariposa lily .
Zakerana keralensis ( common names : verrucose frog , Kerala wart(y ) frog , or Dubois ' hill frog ) is a species of frog from India .
Acartia is a genus of marine calanoid copepods .
Phellodon confluens , commonly known as the fused cork hydnum , is a species of tooth fungus in the family Bankeraceae .
Chicoreus is a genus of medium- to large - sized predatory sea snails .
Kraemeria is a genus of sand darters native to the Indian and Pacific oceans .
Sandelia is a genus of climbing gouramies native to freshwater habitats in South Africa .
Macrobrachium formosense , the crane river prawn , is a species of freshwater shrimp in the family Palaemonidae .
Dendrophidion is a genus of New World colubrid snakes commonly referred to as forest racers .
Osteocephalus oophagus is a species of frog in the Hylidae family found in Brazil , Colombia , French Guiana , Guyana , and possibly Suriname .
Lucayablennius zingaro , the Arrow blenny , is a species of chaenopsid blenny found in coral reefs around the Bahamas and the Caribbean , in the western central Atlantic ocean .
Pleurosicya is a genus of gobies native to reef environments of the Indian Ocean and the western Pacific Ocean .
Otites bivittata is a species of ulidiid or picture - winged fly in the genus Otites of the family Tephritidae .
Stephanomeria elata is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common names Santa Barbara wirelettuce and Nuttall 's wirelettuce .
Naja is a genus of venomous elapid snakes known as cobras .
It contains the single species Brachiosia castaneola , which is found on the Sangihe Islands .
Phidippus regius , known commonly as the regal jumping spider , is a species of jumping spider .
Reflectopallium pseudophyllum , commonly known as one of the leaf - veined slugs , is a species of air - breathing land slug , a terrestrial gastropod mollusc in the family Athoracophoridae .
Carex qingliangensis is a species of sedge found on mountain slopes at an elevation of 500 - -1,300 metres ( 1,600 - -4,300 ft ) in Zhejiang province in eastern China .
Crataegus phippsii is a species of hawthorn native to south - central British Columbia , Washington state , and Montana .
Tyrophagus putrescentiae is a cosmopolitan mite species .
Ctena orbiculata , or the dwarf tiger lucine , is a species of bivalve mollusc in the family Lucinidae .
Cymbopogon , better known as lemongrass ( UK : /ˈlɛmənˌɡrɑːs/ ; US : /ˈlɛmənˌɡræs/ ) is a genus of Asian , African , Australian , and tropical island plants in the grass family .
Buccinum abyssorum , common name the shingled whelk , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae , the true whelks .
Cyanophora paradoxa is a freshwater species of Glaucophyte that is used as a model organism .
Cristatusaurus ( meaning `` Crested reptile '' ) is an extinct genus of spinosaurid theropod dinosaur .
Truncatella guerinii is a species of very small land snail that lives at the edge of the sea , a gastropod mollusk in the family Truncatellidae .
Tridens melanops is a species of pencil catfish endemic to Brazil where it is native to the Amazon Basin .
Rinoctes nasutus , the Abyssal smooth - head , is a species of slickhead that is found at depths of 2,000 metres ( 6,600 ft ) to 4,156 metres ( 13,635 ft ) in the Atlantic and Indian Oceans as well as possibly occurring in the Pacific Ocean .
Tupuxuara is a genus of large , crested , toothless pterodactyloid pterosaur .
Salix breweri is a species of willow known by the common name Brewer 's willow .
Layia jonesii is a species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common name Jones ' tidytips , or Jones ' layia .
Acaena echinata , commonly known as Sheep 's Burr , is a species of perennial herb native to Australia .
The brachyceran infraorder Stratiomyomorpha is a small group that consists primarily of the family Stratiomyidae and two small related families .
Suaeda maritima is a species of flowering plant in the amaranth family known by the common names herbaceous seepweed and annual seablite .
Actinocrocuta chaetosa is a species of tachinid flies in the genus Actinocrocuta of the family Tachinidae .
Cranoglanis bouderius is a species of armorhead catfish found in Kwangsi Province , China and Vietnam .
Raillardella argentea is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name silky raillardella .
Quercus buckleyi , commonly known as Texas red oak or Buckley 's oak , is a species of flowering plant in the beech family .
Clinopodium dentatum ( syn . Calamintha dentata ) is a species of flowering plant in the mint family known by the common names toothed savory and Florida calamint .
Worthenella is a genus of stem - group arthropod from the Burgess Shale .
Chamaecrista fasciculata , the partridge pea , is a species of legume native to most of the eastern United States .
Proconsul nyanzae is a species of fossil primate first discovered by Louis Leakey on Rusinga Island in 1942 , which he published in Nature in 1943 .
Kelyophis ( /keɪliːˈoʊfɪs/ ; meaning ' small serpent ' from the Malagasy word kely ( meaning `` small '' ) and the Greek word ὄφις ( ophis , meaning `` serpent '' ) ) is an extinct genus of nigerophiid snake which existed in Madagascar during the Late Cretaceous .
Eleutherodactylus pinchoni is a species of frog in the Eleutherodactylidae family endemic to Guadeloupe and known from the Basse - Terre .
Cherax tenuimanus , known as the hairy marron or Margaret River marron , is one of two species of crayfish in Southwestern Australia known as marron .
Surameryx is an extinct genus of herbivorous even - toed ungulates belonging to the extinct family Palaeomerycidae .
Ctenurella ( `` Little Comb Tail '' ) is an extinct genus of ptyctodont placoderm from the Late Devonian of Germany .
Malawispongiidae is a family of freshwater sponges found in the ancient lakes of Malawi , Tanganyika , Kinneret , Ohrid and Poso .
Alasea is a genus of moths in the Choreutidae family , containing only one species , Alasea corniculata , which is known from Costa Rica .
Dravidogecko anamallensis is a species of gecko found in the South Indian Hills of Palni , Anamalai and Tirunelveli .
Nyctibatrachus sanctipalustris ( Coorg night frog or sacred swamp wrinkled frog ) is a species of frog in the Nyctibatrachidae family from India .
Helicophanta souverbiana is a species of air - breathing land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropods mollusk in the family Acavidae .
Tomarus is a genus of scarab beetles in the subfamily Dynastinae , the rhinoceros beetles .
Maerua racemulosa is a species of plant in the Capparaceae family , which is almost endemic to South Africa 's coastal regions , where it is a constituent of shady forest understory and valley bushveld .
Aracana is a genus of deepwater boxfishes native to the coastal waters of Australia .
Digitalis lanata ( often called the Woolly Foxglove or Grecian Foxglove ) is a species of foxglove .
Torreyochloa is a genus of North American and northeast Asian plants in the grass family .
Mole crickets are members of the insect family Gryllotalpidae , in the order Orthoptera ( grasshoppers , locusts and crickets ) .
Agonum anthracinum is a species of ground beetle from a subfamily of Platyninae .
The Cocos buff - banded rail , Gallirallus philippensis andrewsi , is an endangered subspecies of the buff - banded rail endemic to the Cocos ( Keeling ) Islands , an Australian Offshore Territory in the central - eastern Indian Ocean .
Python kyaiktiyo , commonly known as the Myanmar short - tailed python , is a species of python found in Myanmar ( Burma ) .
The Indian wild ass or Baluchi wild ass ( Equus hemionus khur ) also called the ghudkhur in the local Gujarati language , is a subspecies of the onager native to Southern Asia .
Dasyloricaria latiura is a species of armored catfish native to Panama and Colombia where it is found in the Tuira and Atrato River basins .
Lima pellucida , or the Antillean file shell , is a species of bivalve mollusc in the family Limidae .
Chaenomeles cathayensis is a species of flowering plant in the rose family .
Eurycheilichthys is a small genus of armored catfishes native to South America .
Aulichthys japonicus , the Tubenose , is a species of Hypoptychid fish native to shallow waters on the coasts of Japan , China and the Korean Peninsula This species lays its eggs inside of the peribranchial cavities of ascidians .
Amphipteryx agrioides , the montane relict damsel , is a species of damselfly in family Amphipterygidae .
Eledone schultzei , the brush - tipped octopus , is a rare species of octopus .
Penicillium phoeniceum is an anamorph , saprotrophic species of the genus of Penicillium which produces oosporein , phoenicine and phenicin .
Hipparchia azorina , the Azores Grayling , is a species of butterfly in the Nymphalidae family .
Semionotiformes ( `` flag - back form '' ) is an order of primitive , ray - finned , primarily freshwater fish from the Triassic to the Cretaceous .
The Enterobacteriales are an order of Gram - negative bacteria that includes only one family which is the Enterobacteriaceae .
Torreya jackii ( Chinese : 长叶榧树 ; pinyin : fěishù ; literally : `` longleaf torreya '' ) is a species of conifer in the family Cephalotaxaceae .
Xyris drummondii , Drummond 's yelloweyed grass , is a North American species of flowering plant in the yellow - eyed - grass family .
Mimanancylus borneensis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Mimanancylus .
Decodon verticillatus , the sole species in the genus Decodon , is a flowering plant in the Lythraceae family .
Lonicera caprifolium , the Italian woodbine , perfoliate honeysuckle , goat - leaf honeysuckle , Italian honeysuckle , or perfoliate woodbine , is a species of perennial flowering plants in the genus Lonicera of the Caprifoliaceae family .
Hoploparia longimana is a species of fossil lobsters belonging to the family Nephropidae .
Cyrtodactylus buchardi is a species of gecko recently described from Champasak Province , Laos .
Rhinella chrysophora , sometimes known as the Rio Viejo toad , is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae .
Baumea is a genus of the sedge family , which includes around 30 species native to Madagascar and the Pacific Islands , with 15 species in Australia .
Congoglanis alula is a species of loach catfish found in the Congo River Basin in Angola , the Democratic Republic of Congo and possibly in Zambia .
Tchoiria is a genus of simoedosaurid choristodere , a type of crocodile - like aquatic reptile .
Peptoniphilus is a genus of bacteria in the phylum Firmicutes ( Bacteria ) .
Mycobacterium phage L5 is a bacteriophage known to infect bacterial species of the genus Mycobacterium .
Eriogonum helichrysoides , common names spreading buckwheat and strawflower wild buckwheat , is a plant species endemic to Kansas .
Astragalus sabulonum is a species of milkvetch known by the common name gravel milkvetch .
Humba is a genus of beetles belonging to the family Chrysomelidae .
Palaquium luzoniense ( also called Red Nato ) is a species of plant in the Sapotaceae family .
Pentanisia is a genus of flowering plants in the Rubiaceae family .
Ytu angra is a species of Myxophagan beetle in the genus Ytu .
Collocalia is a genus of swifts , containing some of the smaller species termed `` swiftlets '' .
Amphibalanus amphitrite is a species of acorn barnacle in the Balanidae family .
Phyllobius glaucus is a species of weevil found across Europe , especially in carrs .
Aenigmatoceras is a genus of ammonite cephalopod from the Carboniferous of Russia .
Cycloscala is a genus of predatory sea snails , marine prosobranch gastropod mollusks in the family Epitoniidae , commonly known as wentletraps .
Alcithoe davegibbsi is a species of medium - sized sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Volutidae .
Phyllachora banksiae is a species of fungus in the family Phyllachoraceae .
Partula exigua , common name the Moorean viviparous tree snail , was a species of air - breathing tropical land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Partulidae .
Erigeron glabellus is a North American species of flowering plants in the daisy family , called the streamside fleabane .
Luria cinerea , common name , the Atlantic gray cowry , is a species of sea snail , a cowry , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cypraeidae , the cowries .
It was described by Roesler in 1965 , and contains the species Pararotruda nesiotica .
Osbornodon iamonensis is an extinct species of bone - crushing Hesperocyoninae , a predecessor of modern dogs that were endemic to North America and which lived from the Orellan age of the Early Oligocene to Early Miocene epoch 23.6 - -16.3 Ma and existed for approximately 7.3 million years .
Chaenactis alpigena is a species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common name southern Sierra pincushion .
Lachlathetes is a genus of antlions in the subfamily Palparinae .
Lepidium barnebyanum is a rare species of flowering plant in the mustard family known by the common names Barneby 's pepperweed , Barneby 's pepper - grass , and Barneby 's ridge - cress .
Dalea foliosa is a species of flowering plant in the legume family known by the common name leafy prairie clover .
Ameles spallanzania , common name European dwarf mantis , is a species of praying mantis belonging to the genus Ameles .
Orobanche valida is a species of broomrape known by the common name Rock Creek broomrape .
Mahonia paucijuga is a shrub in the Berberidaceae family described as a species in 1987 .
Helianthus gracilentus is a species of sunflower known by the common name slender sunflower .
The Stejneger 's petrel ( Pterodroma longirostris ) is a species of seabird and a member of the gadfly petrels .
Anthidiellum krombeini is a species of leaf - cutting bee in the genus Anthidiellum , of the family Megachilidae .
Hemipilia silvestrii is an orchid species in the genus Hemipilia .
Xenophonus hirtus is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Xenophonus .
Haplochromis riponianus is a species of cichlid found in Lake Victoria and possibly in the adjacent reaches of the Nile .
Acacia enterocarpa , commonly known as jumping jack wattle , is a shrub species that is endemic to eastern Australia .
Plectrohyla thorectes ( Spanish : Rana - de Árbol Moteadais , commonly known as Adler 's mottled tree frog ) a species of frog in the Hylidae family .
Eonemachilus longidorsalis is a species of ray - finned fish in the genus Eonemachilus in which it is currently considered a species inquirenda .
Monoplex keenae is a species of predatory sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Ranellidae family , which includes the triton snails , triton shells or tritons .
Loxodera is a genus of African plants in the grass family .
Gastornis is an extinct genus of large flightless birds that lived during the late Paleocene and Eocene epochs of the Cenozoic era .
Ranunculus austro - oreganus , the Southern Oregon buttercup , is a plant species endemic to the region around Medford , Oregon .
Tanystropheidae is an extinct family of mostly marine archosauromorph reptiles that lived throughout the Triassic Period .
Oreochromis mweruensis is a species of swamp - dwelling cichlid native to the Democratic Republic of the Congo , Rwanda and Zambia .
One of the principal host species for Trichopoda pennipes is the southern green stinkbug , Nezara viridula .
Viviparidae , sometimes known as the river snails , are a family of large operculate freshwater snails , aquatic gastropod mollusks .
Balaka microcarpa is a species of palm tree .
Oxymeris areolata , common name : the Dark - spotted Auger , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Terebridae , the auger snails .
Thermopsis mollis is a species of flowering plant in the legume family known by the common names Allegheny Mountain goldenbanner , soft bush pea , and soft - haired thermopsis .
Lorandersonia baileyi ( Bailey 's rabbitbrush ) , is a North American species of flowering plants in the aster tribe within the sunflower family .
Nebria christinae is a species of black coloured ground beetle from Nebriinae family that is endemic to Nepal .
Schiedea kaalae , known as Oahu schiedea or Maʻoliʻoli in Hawaiian , is a species of flowering plant in the carnation family , Caryophyllaceae , that is endemic to the island of Oʻahu in Hawaii .
Cladognathus giraffa is a species of beetles belonging to the Lucanidae family .
Allium pskemense is a rare Asian species of wild onion native to Uzbekistan , Kyrgyzstan , and southern Kazakhstan .
Coralliodrilus rugosus is a species of clitellate oligochaete worm , first found in Belize , on the Caribbean side of Central America .
Atriplex cinerea , commonly known as grey saltbush , coast saltbush or barilla , is a plant species in the family Amaranthaceae .
Rhododendron konori , the Konor rhododendron , is a rhododendron species native to Irian Jaya , Indonesia , and Papua New Guinea .
Maytenus crassipes is a species of plant in the Celastraceae family .
The Drosophilidae are a diverse , cosmopolitan family of flies , which includes fruit flies .
Atypichthys is a genus of sea chubs native to inshore waters from Australia to New Zealand and the Kermadec Islands , with currently two recognized species :
Alopecosa pentheri is a wolf spider species in the genus Alopecosa found in Europe ( Bulgaria , Greece ) to Azerbaijan .
The Timor imperial pigeon ( Ducula cineracea ) is a species of bird in the family Columbidae .
Lyginia is a genus of three rhizomatous plant species all endemic to South Western Australia .
Planorbis planorbis is a species of air - breathing freshwater snail , an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Planorbidae , the ram 's horn snails .
Atopochilus pachychilus is a species of upside - down catfish endemic to the Democratic Republic of the Congo where it occurs in the Lubilonji River in the vicinity of Kanda Kanda .
Conchapelopia is a genus of flies belonging to the family Chironomidae ( the non - biting midges ) .
Woodford 's fruit bat ( Melonycteris woodfordi ) , also known as the orange fruit bat , is a species of megabat in the family Pteropodidae .
Ecsenius collettei , known commonly as the Collete 's blenny in Papua New Guinea , is a species of combtooth blenny in the genus Ecsenius .
Gluconacetobacter sacchari is a species of acetic acid bacteria first isolated from the leaf sheath of sugar cane and from the pink sugar - cane mealy bug ( Saccharicoccus sacchari ) on sugar cane growing in Queensland and northern New South Wales .
Linum medium , common name stiff yellow flax , is a species of Linum ( flax ) native to eastern North America , as far west as Texas and Wisconsin , east to the Atlantic ocean , and north to Ontario and Maine .
Carabus latreilleanus is a species of beetle in the ground beetle family that is endemic to France .
Aechmea orlandiana is species in the genus Aechmea endemic to Brazil .
Mulsantina picta ( the painted lady beetle or pine lady beetle ) is a species of ladybug belonging to the subfamily Coccinellinae .
Fimbristylis vahlii is a species of sedge known by the common name Vahl 's fimbry .
Sidalcea ranunculacea is a species of flowering plant in the mallow family known by the common name marsh checkerbloom .
Stiracolpus pagoda , common name the pagoda turret , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turritellidae .
Baikiaea insignis , commonly known as Nkobakoba or Nkoba , is a species of legume in the Fabaceae family .
Conus ebraeus , common name the black - and - white cone , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae , the cone snails and their allies .
Acartauchenius hamulifer is a species of sheet weaver found in Algeria .
Cryptantha incana is a rare species of flowering plant in the borage family known by the common name Tulare cryptantha .
Odontocharacidium aphanes , the green dwarf tetra , is a species of South American darter found in the Amazon River basin .
Veratrum fimbriatum is an uncommon species of false hellebore , a type of plant closely related to the lily .
Elanus is a genus of bird of prey in the elanid kite subfamily .
Geranium californicum is a species of Geranium known by the common name California cranesbill .
Synbranchus is a genus of swamp eels native to Central and South America .
Frasera fastigiata ( syn . Swertia fastigiata ) is a species of flowering plant in the gentian family known by the common name clustered green gentian .
Pythais scutigera is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Pythais .
Telanthophora is a genus of Mesoamerican plants in the groundsel tribe within the daisy family .
Aleurocanthus woglumi is a species of whitefly in the family Aleyrodidae .
Anodontostoma is a small genus of gizzard shads found in the Indo - Pacific region .
Townsend 's vole ( Microtus townsendii ) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae , the sister species of M. canicaudus .
Macrocallista nimbosa , or the sunray venus clam , is a species of bivalve mollusc in the family Veneridae .
Thermosinus carboxydivorans is an anaerobic , thermophilic , Gram - negative , carbon - monoxide - oxidizing , hydrogenogenic bacterium , the type species of its genus .
Vomerogobius flavus , the Lemon Goby , is a species of goby native to the marine waters around the Bahamas .
Achyronychia is a monotypic genus of flowering plant containing the single species Achyronychia cooperi , which is known by the common names onyxflower and frost - mat . This plant is native to the Mojave and Sonoran Deserts of northern Mexico and the U.S. states of California , Nevada , Utah and Arizona .
Tosirips is a genus of moths of the tribe Archipini .
Assiminea brevicula , common name the red mangrove snail , is a species of minute operculate snail , a freshwater or marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Assimineidae .
Drymaeus acervatus is a species of tropical air - breathing land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Bulimulidae .
Ephiales cretacea is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Ephiales .
Sepioloidea pacifica , also known as the Pacific Bobtail Squid , is a species of cuttlefish native to the southern Pacific Ocean ; it occurs off New Zealand in the west and in the Nazca and Sala y Gomez submarine ridges in the east .
Mastax vegeta is a species of beetle in the Carabidae family that can be found in such Indian provinces as Darjeeling , Himachal Pradesh , Sikkim and Uttarakhand .
The birch family , the Betulaceae , includes six genera of deciduous nut - bearing trees and shrubs , including the birches , alders , hazels , hornbeams , hazel - hornbeam , and hop - hornbeams numbering about 130 species .
Gliophorus viridis is a species of agaric fungus in the family Hygrophoraceae found in New Zealand .
Trichomorpha esulcata is a species of millipede in the family Chelodesmidae that can be found in San Vito , Costa Rica , where it was found on 17 - -18 April 1972 .
Paracolobus is an extinct genus of primate in the Colobini tribe , which also contains the living colobus monkeys .
Monotes lutambensis is a species of plant in the family Dipterocarpaceae endemic to Tanzania .
Metroxylon sagu ( true sago palm ) is a species of palm in the genus Metroxylon , native to tropical southeastern Asia in Indonesia ( western New Guinea , and the Moluccas ) , Papua New Guinea , Malaysia ( both Peninsular Malaysia and Sarawak ) and possibly also the Philippines ( though may have been introduced there ) .
Rhamphochromis woodi is a species of piscivorous cichlid endemic to Lake Malawi where it prefers open waters at depths of from 8 to 121 metres ( 26 to 397 ft ) .
Tamarix tetrandra is a species of flowering plant in the family Tamaricaceae , native to south eastern Europe , Turkey , Bulgaria and Crimea .
Monachaster sanderi is a species of sea star in the family Orestieridae .
Cosmochlaina ( from Greek : kosmos = ornament ; xlaina = wrapper / cloak ) is a form genus of nematophyte -- an early ( Silurian -- Devonian ) plant known only from fossil cuticles , often found in association with tubular structures .
Coleochaete is a genus of parenchymatous charophyte green algae in the order Coleochaetales .
Luciobarbus is a genus of ray - finned fishes in the family Cyprinidae .
Leptothrix discophora is one of several species of Leptothrix , known for its sheath , and iron- , manganese- , and recently arsenic - removing properties .
Tergipedidae is a family of sea slugs , aeolid nudibranchs , marine gastropod molluscs in the superfamily Fionoidea ( according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi , 2005 ) .
Potentilla grayi is a species of cinquefoil known by the common name Gray 's cinquefoil .
Epialtidae is a family of crabs , containing the subfamilies :
Melanophylla modestei is a species of plant in the Melanophyllaceae family .
Anthosactis pearseae is a species of sea anemone that was discovered in 2007 .
Strongylura marina , known commonly as the Atlantic needlefish , is a common demersal needlefish species common in marinas and other areas with minimal current .
Festuca contracta , commonly known as Tufted Fescue or Land Tussac , is a species of true grass ( Poaceae ) .
Synema globosum is a species of ' crab spiders ' belonging to the family Thomisidae .
Leichardtia is a plant genus in the family Apocynaceae , first described as a genus in 1849 .
Zelus luridus , also known as the Pale Green Assassin Bug , is a species of assassin bug native to North America .
Cnemaspis heteropholis is a species of gecko found in India ( Gund , Uttara Kannada ) .
Downingia is a genus of 13 annual plants native to western North America and Chile .
Photuris versicolor , is a species complex of firefly common throughout the Eastern United States .
Allium maackii is a species of wild onion native to northeastern Asia ( Heilongjiang , Amur Oblast , Primorye , Khabarovsk , Sakhalin , Kuril Islands ) .
Melanthera tenuifolia ( formerly Lipochaeta tenuifolia ) is a rare species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common names Waianae Range nehe and slender - leaf nehe .
Drosera capensis , commonly known as the Cape sundew , is a small rosette - forming carnivorous species of perennial sundew native to the Cape in South Africa .
Trifolium ciliolatum is a species of clover known by the common name foothill clover .
Mimulus whitneyi is a species of monkeyflower known by the common name Harlequin monkeyflower .
Lithospermum is a genus of plants belonging to the family Boraginaceae .
Draba graminea is a species of flowering plant in the mustard family known by the common names Rocky Mountain draba and San Juan Whitlow - grass .
Acer kenaicum is an extinct maple species in the family Sapindaceae described from a pair of fossil leaves and a samara .
Longitergite is an extinct genus of prawn which existed in Russia during the Lower Miocene period .
Even the higher - level taxonomy is disputed , with some experts preferring to place most lemurs within the infraorder Lemuriformes , while others prefer Lemuriformes to contain all living strepsirrhines , placing all lemurs in superfamily Lemuroidea and all lorises and galagos in superfamily Lorisoidea .
Proteromonadidae is a paraphyletic family of heterokonts , that resemble Opalinidae .
Syngonanthus nitens or golden grass is a grass - like species of Eriocaulaceae which exists in the region of Jalapão , state of Tocantins , Brazil - the region is part of the Brazilian cerrado .
Mucrospirifer is a genus of extinct brachiopod in the class Rhynchonellata ( Articulata ) and the order Spiriferida .
Trinodus , Arthrorhachis and Geragnostus are closely related and it may be appropriate to assign their species to just one genus .
The Forcipomyiinae are a subfamily of biting midges .
Balsamorhiza lanata ( lanate balsamroot ) is a North American species of plants in the sunflower tribe within the aster family .
Tinantia anomala , common name false dayflower or widow's - tears , is a plant species in the Commelinaceae , related to the Mexican wandering Jew , Tinantia pringlei .
Deconica coprophila , commonly known as the dung - loving Psilocybe , is a species of mushroom in the Strophariaceae family .
The Polytrichaceae also known as `` Aloe Moss '' is a common family of mosses .
Restrepia teaguei , commonly called the Teague 's Restrepia , is a species of orchid endemic to Ecuador ( Zamora - Chinchipe ) .
Conus platensis is an extinct species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae , the cone snails and their allies .
Candida stellata is a species of yeast of the genus Candida .
Papilio lampsacus is a species of swallowtail butterfly from the genus Papilio that is found in west Java .
Nomascus is the second - most speciose genus of gibbons ( family Hylobatidae ) .
Hibiscus waimeae ( white Kauai rosemallow , Hawaiian : kokiʻo keʻokeʻo , or kokiʻo kea ) is a species of flowering plant in the okra family , Malvaceae , that is endemic to the island of Kauaʻi in Hawaii .
Pteridium aquilinum ( bracken , brake or common bracken ) , also known as `` eagle fern , '' is a species of fern occurring in temperate and subtropical regions in both hemispheres .
Rhynchocinetes is a genus of shrimp , containing the following 14 species :
Onchopristis is a genus of extinct giant sawfish that lived in the Lower Cretaceous to Upper Cretaceous in North Africa and New Zealand .
Huehuecanauhtlus is an extinct genus of hadrosauroid dinosaur known from the Late Cretaceous ( Santonian stage ) of Michoacán , western Mexico .
Zaniolepis is a genus of scorpaeniform fish native to the eastern Pacific Ocean .
Phalaenopsis tetraspis is a species of orchid endemic to the Andaman Islands , the Nicobar Islands and northwestern Sumatra .
The Cystofilobasidiaceae are a family of fungi in the order Tremellales .
Callistosporium palmarum is a species of fungus in the Tricholomataceae family , and the type species of the genus Callistosporium .
It contains the single species Diaphoromyrma sofiae , known only from workers from the type locality in Bahia , Brazil .
Cosmochilus is genus of cyprinid fish found in East and Southeast Asia .
Bothrogonia is a genus of leafhopper with a large number of species distributed across the Old World .
Valvata bicarinata , common name the two - ridge valvata , is a species of small freshwater snail with a gill and an operculum , an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Valvatidae , the valve snails .
Canthigaster rapaensis is a species of fish in the Tetraodontidae family .
Pulcratis reticulatus is a species of crabs in the family Xanthidae , the only species in the genus Pulcratis .
Krascheninnikovia ceratoides ( Pamirian winterfat ) is a plant species native to central and southern Europe , northern Africa , and parts of Asia .
Hemitaeniochromis brachyrhynchus is a species of fish in the family Cichlidae .
The Bocaina tree frog , Aplastodiscus callipygius , or perereca - verde , is a species of frog in the family Hylidae , endemic to Brazil .
Longidorus is a genus of needle nematode .
Priochirus is a genus of beetles belonging to the family Staphylinidae .
This is a monotypic genus , containing the single species Bulbithecium hyalosporum .
Apolemichthys xanthotis , common names Yellow - ear angelfish and Red Sea angelfish , is a species of marine fish in the family Pomacanthidae .
Megacyllene robiniae , commonly known as the locust borer , is a species of longhorn beetle endemic to eastern North America .
Dysoneura zherikhini is a species of insect in the genus Dysoneura .
Jacqueshuberia pustulata is a plant species endemic to Venezuela .
Nerita umlaasiana is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Neritidae .
Merrilliobryum is a genus of moss in family Myriniaceae .
Diplacodes melanopsis is a species of dragonfly in the family Libellulidae known commonly as the blackfaced percher or black - faced percher .
Cynarctoides roii is an extinct species of Cynarctoides , belonging to the subfamily Borophaginae and tribe Phlaocyonini , a canid which inhabited west central North America from the Late Oligocene to Miocene living 30.8 - -20.6 mya and existed for approximately 10.2 million years .
Cyclothone is a genus of bioluminescent bristlemouths which typically grow to around 3 inches ( though some species are known to be larger ) .
Gymnocalycium quehlianum ( Quehla chin cactus ) is a species of flowering plant in the family Cactaceae , native to northern Argentina .
Herichthys teporatus , also known as the Soto la Marina cichlid , is a species of cichlid fish endemic to Mexico where it occurs in the Soto la Marina drainage in the state of Tamaulipas .
Renanthera coccinea is a species of orchid occurring from Hainan to Indochina .
Carex archeri , known as Archer 's sedge , is a species of sedge in the genus Carex , endemic to south - eastern Australia .
The Cetomimiformes or whalefishes are an order of small , deep - sea ray - finned fish .
Mitella ovalis is a species of flowering plant in the saxifrage family known by the common names coastal miterwort and oval - leaf miterwort .
Saxifraga stellaris , the starry saxifrage or hairy kidney - wort , is an Arctic -- alpine species of saxifrage .
Bolinus cornutus , or horned murex , is a predatory species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae , the murex or rock snails .
Rhinophis oxyrhynchus , commonly known as Schneider 's earth snake , is a species of uropeltid snake endemic to Sri Lanka .
Hawaiia minuscula , common name the minute gem or minute gem snail , is a species of very small air - breathing land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Pristilomatidae .
Zhenbaspis is an extinct genus ptychopariid trilobite .
Plagiochasma intermedium is a liverwort species in the genus Plagiochasma found in China .
Hippa adactyla is a species of small , sand - burrowing decapod crustacean found living along the coasts of Indo - West Pacific waters .
Nautilus belauensis , also known as the Palau nautilus , is a species of nautilus native to the waters around the Pacific island nation of Palau .
Gaura coccinea is a species of flowering plant in the evening primrose family known by several common names , including scarlet beeblossom , scarlet gaura , and linda tarde .
Pratulum pulchellum is a species of cockle , a marine bivalve mollusc in the family Cardiidae .
The currently recognised species in this genus is Fenestraria rhopalophylla .
Allobates myersi ( common name : Myers ' poison frog ) is a species of frog in the Aromobatidae family found in Amazonian Colombia , likely also in adjacent Brazil and northeastern Peru .
Anomobryum julaceum , the slender silver - moss , is a species of bryophyte native to all continents except South America and Antarctica .
Chalcosyrphus valgus is a medium - sized species of hoverfly with a widespread range throughout the palearctic region .
Foch 's tuco - tuco ( Ctenomys fochi ) is a species of rodent in the family Ctenomyidae .
Veronica anagallis - aquatica is a species of flowering plant in the plantain family known by the common names water speedwell , blue water - speedwell , and brook pimpernel .
Hampala salweenensis is a southeast Asian species of cyprinid , endemic to the basin of the Salween .
Cerion nanus is a species of medium - sized air - breathing land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod in the family Cerionidae , which are sometimes known as the peanut snails .
Labidochromis strigatus is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Malawi where it is only known to occur in areas with rocky substrates around Likoma Island and Chisumulu Island .
Mittermeier 's mouse lemur ( Microcebus mittermeieri ) is a species of mouse lemur known only from Anjanaharibe - Sud Special Reserve in Madagascar .
Castilleja christii is a rare species of flowering plant in the broomrape family known by the common name Christ 's Indian paintbrush .
Eleutherodactylus dimidiatus is a rare species of frog in the Eleutherodactylidae family endemic to Cuba .
Dichanthelium lanuginosum ( Panic grass ) is a species of grass .
Penstemon pudicus is a rare species of flowering plant in the plantain family known by the common names bashful beardtongue and Kawich Range beardtongue .
Philine powelli is a species of sea snail , a marine opisthobranch gastropod mollusk in the family Philinidae , the headshield slugs .
Calciphilopteris is a genus of ferns in the family Pteridaceae .
Dsungaripterus was a genus of pterosaur , with an average wingspan of 3 metres ( 9.8 ft ) .
Thalattosauroidea is a superfamily of thalattosaurs , a Triassic group of marine reptiles .
The Phalangeroidea are a superfamily of mammals that include the families Burramyidae and Phalangeridae , as well as the extinct families Ektopodontidae and Miralinidae .
Quercus daimingshanensis is a rare Asian species of trees in the beech family .
Ephedrophila lucasi is a species of snout moth in the genus Ephedrophila .
Nebria angusticollis is a species of ground beetle in Nebriinae subfamily that can be found in the Alps of France , Italy , and Switzerland .
Pyozia is an extinct genus of basal Middle Permian varanopid synapsid known from Russia .
Epitamyra minusculalis is a species of snout moth in the genus Epitamyra .
Metaporana obtusa is a species of plant in the Convolvulaceae family endemic to Yemen .
Pagodula aculeata is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod in the family Muricidae .
Ramallichthys is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived during the lower Cenomanian .
Barringtonia calyptrata is a species of mangrove belonging to the family Lecythidaceae .
Cetonurichthys subinflatus , the smallpore whiptail , is a species of rattail found in the Indian Ocean waters near Australia .
Cordicephalus gracilis is the only species in the extinct genus Cordicephalus , a genus of prehistoric frogs .
Eviota sigillata , commonly called seven - figure pygmy goby or adorned dwarfgoby , is a species of marine fish in the family Gobiidae .
The Lichinales are an order of ascomycete fungi .
Oliva reticulata , common name the blood olive , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Olividae , the olives .
Rhabdotis aulica , known as the emerald fruit chafer , is a species of Scarabaeidae , the dung beetle family , and is found in Africa .
Gomphocerinae is a subfamily of grasshoppers , commonly called slant - faced grasshoppers .
Anisopodus costaricensis is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family that was described by Lara & Shenefelt in 1964 .
Lejopyge laevigata is a species of agnostid trilobite belonging to the genus Lejopyge .
Dracula chestertonii , commonly known as the Frog 's Skin , is a species of orchid endemic to Colombia .
Astrangia poculata , the northern star coral or northern cup coral , is a species of non - reefbuilding stony coral in the family Rhizangiidae .
Talaridris is a genus of ant in the subfamily Myrmicinae containing the single species Talaridris mandibularis .
Shortia galacifolia has also been reported in Japan , as have three other species of Shortia .
Economidichthys pygmaeus , the Western Greece goby , is a species of freshwater goby endemic to western Greece where it is an inhabitant of streams and rivers .
Festuca arvernensis ( also known as Field fescue ) is a species of perennial plant from Poaceae family .
Streptomyces cuspidosporus is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which has been isolated from soil in Kyoto in Japan .
Aloinopsis malherbei is a species of succulent plant , also known as the `` Giant Jewel plant '' .
Pecteilis radiata ( syn . Habenaria radiata ) is a species of orchid found in China , Japan , Korea and Russia .
The Acidobacteriaceae are a family of Acidobacteria .
The Boletaceae are a family of mushrooms , primarily characterized by developing their spores in small pores on the underside of the mushroom , instead of gills , as are found in agarics .
Oncorhynchus rastrosus ( synonym Smilodonichthys rastrosus ) also known as the sabertooth salmon , is an extinct species of salmon that lived along the Pacific coast of North America , first appearing in the late Miocene of California , then dying out some time during the Pleistocene .
Phaius is a genus of large , mostly terrestrial orchids ( family Orchidaceae ) .
Heniochus is a genus of butterflyfishes native to the Indo - Pacific .
Pennahia anea , commonly known as the bigeye croaker , is a species of fish native to the Indian region .
Carabus dufouri dufouri is a subspecies of black coloured beetle from Carabidae family , that can be found on Gibraltar and in Spain .
Illadopsis ( from illas , Greek for thrush and opsis , appearing ) is a genus of secretive forest birds in the Pellorneidae family .
Candalides geminus , the Geminus Blue , is a species of butterfly of the Lycaenidae family .
Amesiella philippinensis is a species of orchid endemic to the Island of Luzon in the Philippines .
Acanthobrama telavivensis , commonly known as the Yarkon bream or Yarkon bleak , is a species of freshwater ray - finned fish of the Cyprinidae family found only in Israel , in the Yarkon River system .
Margarites keepi , common name the Keep margarite , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Margaritidae .
Helenium vernale is a North American species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name Savanna sneezeweed or spring sneezeweed .
Camponotus monju is a species of carpenter ant known from Japan and Taiwan .
The Fagales are an order of flowering plants , including some of the best - known trees .
Daxata is a genus of longhorn beetles of the subfamily Lamiinae , containing the following species : subgenus Daxata Daxata camelus Pascoe , 1864 subgenus Laodaxata Daxata lepesmei Breuning , 1961 subgenus Taxada Daxata anterufipennis Breuning , 1961 Daxata confusa Pascoe , 1869 Daxata laosensis Breuning , 1938 Daxata sumatrensis Breuning , 1961 Daxata ustulata Pascoe , 1866
Blepharocerus rubescens is a species of snout moth in the genus Blepharocerus .
Ypsilopus is a genus of flowering plants from the orchid family , Orchidaceae native to Africa .
The Anarthriaceae are a family of three genera , Anarthria , Hopkinsia and Lyginia of flowering plants .
Oxycarpha is a genus of Colombian flowering plants in the sunflower tribe within the daisy family .
Phyllodesmium jakobsenae is a species of sea slug , an aolid nudibranch , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Facelinidae .
Stenamma andersoni is a Neotropical species of ant in the subfamily Myrmicinae .
Penicillium concentricum is a coprophilic , anamorph fungus species of the genus of Penicillium which produces roquefortine C and patulin .
Campestigma is a species of plants in the Apocynaceae first described as a genus in 1912 .
Kyllinga brevifolia is a species of sedge known by several common names , including shortleaf spikesedge , green kyllinga , and perennial greenhead sedge .
Angela armata is a species of praying mantis from the Mantidae family and Angela genus .
Acmella pusilla ( dwarf spotflower ) is a species of flowering herb in the sunflower family .
Microphestia animalcula is a species of snout moth , and the only species in the genus Microphestia .
Zygodontomys is a genus of rodent in the tribe Oryzomyini of the family Cricetidae .
Leiostyla corneocostata is a species of land snail in the family Lauriidae known commonly as the Madeiran land snail .
Donacoceras is an extinct genus of actively mobile carnivorous cephalopod , essentially a Nautiloid that lived in what would be North America during the Ordovician from 460.5 - -443.7 mya , existing for approximately 16.8 million years .
The genus is monotypic , containing the single species Stalpersia orientalis .
Strophurus is a genus of lizards in the family Gekkonidae .
Poa kerguelensis is a species of tussock grass native to various subantarctic islands .
Ophisops beddomei , commonly known as Beddome 's snake - eye , is a species of lizard endemic to the Western Ghats of India .
The Madeiran wood pigeon ( Columba palumbus maderensis ) was a subspecies of the wood pigeon ( Columba palumbus ) endemic to Madeira ( Portugal ) , and found in the island 's Laurel forest habitat .
Micrixalus herrei is a newly redescribed species of frog in the Micrixalidae family .
Zosterops is a genus of birds containing the typical white - eyes .
Perenniporia podocarpi is a species of resupinate ( encrusting ) polypore .
Neoheterophrictus uttarakannada is a species of Neoheterophrictus .
Vaccinium elliottii ( Elliott 's blueberry ) is a species of Vaccinium in the blueberry group ( Vaccinium sect . Cyanococcus ) .
Lambeosaurus ( /ˌlæmbioʊˈsɔːrəs/ LAM - bee - o - SAWR - əs ; meaning `` Lambe 's lizard '' ) is a genus of hadrosaurid dinosaur that lived about 76 to 75 million years ago , in the Late Cretaceous period ( Campanian ) of North America .
The family Archeocrypticidae is a small group of beetles with no vernacular common name , though recent authors have coined the name cryptic fungus beetles .
Betta tussyae is a species of gourami endemic to Malaysia where it is only known from Pahang .
Mortoniceras is an ammonoid genus belonging to the superfamily Acanthocerataceae , named by Meek in 1876 , based on Ammonites vespertinu , named by Morton in 1834 .
Capitocrassus castaneus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Capitocrassus .
Hyacinthoides lingulata is a species of bulbous plant that lives in North Africa , from Morocco to Tunisia .
Also known as the Siskiyou caddisfly , Neothremma siskiyou is a species of insect found in the state of California .
Conocramboides seychellellus seychellellus from Seychelles Conocramboides seychellellus emmerezellus ( de Joannis , 1915 ) from La Réunion and Mauritius Foodplants of the larvae of this species are Poaceae ( Cynodon dactylon , Axonopus compressus , Digitaria didactyla , Zoysia matrella and Cynodon dactylon )
Platyallabes tihoni is the only species in the genus Platyallabes of catfishes ( order Siluriformes ) of the family Clariidae .
Mimoceroplesis coussementi is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Mimoceroplesis .
Artemisia biennis is a species of sagebrush known by the common name ' biennial wormwood .
Xylaria hypoxylon is a species of fungus in the genus Xylaria .
Willisornis is a genus of birds in the family Thamnophilidae .
Pseudogygites is an extinct genus of the class Trilobita from the Middle and Upper Ordovician .
Mycena flavescens is a species of Mycenaceae fungus .
Nothocalais alpestris is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name alpine lake false dandelion .
Yucca × schottii is a plant species in the genus Yucca , native to southern Arizona , southwestern New Mexico , and the northern parts of Sonora and Chihuahua ..
Caesalpinia mexicana is a species of flowering plant in the pea family , Fabaceae .
Nebria tatrica fatrensis is a subspecies of ground beetle in the Nebriinae subfamily that is endemic to the mountain range of Velká Fatra in Slovakia , and Czech Republic .
Dioscoreophyllum gossweileri is a plant species native to Angola .
Penicillium brevistipitatum is a fungus species of the genus of Penicillium which was isolated from the Jilin Province in China .
Campephilus is a genus of large American woodpeckers in the family Picidae .
Cornuchariesthes albomaculata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Cornuchariesthes .
Russellosaurus is an extinct genus of tethysaurine mosasauroid from the Late Cretaceous of North America .
Pachydactylus tetensis , commonly known as the Tete thick - toed gecko or Zambezi thick - toed gecko , is a species of gecko endemic to East Africa .
Crepis phoenix , is a Chinese species of plants in the dandelion tribe within the sunflower family .
Disocactus phyllanthoides , the nopalxochitl or German empress , is a species of flowering plant in the cactus family Cactaceae and is commonly grown as an ornamental houseplant .
Ambulycini is a tribe of moths of the Sphingidae family .
Actophilornis is a genus of jacana .
Juncus confusus is a species of rush known by the common name Colorado rush .
Miridus quadrivirgatus is a species of plant bug belonging to the family Miridae , subfamily Mirinae .
Perissoza scripta is a species of ulidiid or picture - winged fly in the genus Perissoza of the family Ulidiidae .
It contains only one species , Caridarctia albicancellata , which can be found in Argentina .
Ichthyostega ( Greek : `` fish roof '' ) is an early tetrapod genus that lived at the end of the Upper Devonian period .
Suksdorfia ranunculifolia is a species of flowering plant in the saxifrage family known by the common name buttercup suksdorfia .
Hellinsia tariensis is a species of moth in the genus Hellinsia , known from Papua New Guinea .
Festuca porcii is a species of grass which can be found in Central , Eastern , and southeastern parts of Europe .
Manilkara bidentata is a species of Manilkara native to a large area of northern South America , Central America and the Caribbean .
Nebria davatchii is a species of ground beetle from Nebriinae subfamily that is endemic to Iran .
Leucoagaricus rubrotinctus is a widespread species of fungus in the family Agaricaceae .
Ovalipes is a genus of crabs in the family Polybiidae , containing 11 extant species :
Carbactinoceratidae is a family of extinct cephalopods with external shells that lived around 325 million years ago , during the Carboniferous period .
Caprichromis is a small genus of haplochromine cichlids endemic to Lake Malawi in East Africa .
Cayratia debilis is a species of plant native to equatorial Africa .
Plectorhinchus diagrammus , the striped sweetlips , is a species of grunt native to the western Pacific Ocean where it is a denizen of coral reefs .
Chromolaena frustrata called Cape Sable false thoroughwort , or Cape Sable thoroughwort , is a rare North American species of flowering shrub in the sunflower family .
Brickellia amplexicaulis ( earleaf brickellbush ) is a North American species of flowering plants in the daisy family .
Penicillium canis is a fungus species of the genus of Penicillium which was isolated from a dog which suffered from osteomyelitis .
Palafoxia riograndensis , the Rio Grande palafox or Rio Grande Spanish needles , is a plant species native to Texas , Chihuahua and Coahuila .
Colchicum parlatoris is a small species native to Greece .
The Pangani longclaw ( Macronyx aurantiigula ) is a species of bird in the Motacillidae family , which includes the pipits and wagtails .
Polypogon maritimus is a species of grass known by the common names Mediterranean beard grass and Mediterranean rabbitsfoot grass .
Pyrgomantis nasuta is a species of praying mantis found in Angola , Cape Province , Cameroon , Kenya , Natal , Namibia , Somalia , and Tanzania .
Odettea laosensis is a species of beetle in the family Buprestidae , the only species in the genus Odettea .
Lasthenia chrysantha is a species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common name alkalisink goldfields .
Carex pauciflora , known as few - flowered sedge , is a perennial species of sedge in the family Cyperaceae native to Holarctic wetlands .
Clausena lansium , also known as wampee ( Clausena wampi ) , is a species of strongly scented evergreen trees 3 - -8 m tall , in the family Rutaceae , native to southeast Asia .
Hepatozoon is a genus of Apicomplexan protozoa which incorporates over 300 species obligate intraerythrocytic parasites .
Cochlefelis is a genus of sea catfishes found in coastal and freshwaters from Southeast Asia to Australia .
Trypanosoma lewisi is a parasite of Rattus species and other rodents such as mice and kangaroo rats in America .
Aulacocerida is an order of primitive coleoid cephalopods , possibly derived from michelinoceraitids ( Orthocerida ) early in the Devonian , which in turn gave rise to the Belemnites .
Megaspora is a genus of lichens in the family Megasporaceae .
The Mendoza tuco - tuco ( Ctenomys mendocinus ) is a species of rodent in the family Ctenomyidae .
Erigeron bonariensis is a species of Erigeron , found throughout the tropics and subtropics as a pioneer plant ; its precise native origin is unknown , but most likely Central America or South America .
Formica rufa , also known as the red wood ant , southern wood ant or horse ant , is a boreal member of the Formica rufa group of ants , and is the type species for that group .
It is the only species of the genus Cirroteuthis .
Ipomopsis tenuituba is a species of flowering plant in the phlox family known by the common name slendertube skyrocket , or slendertube ipomopsis .
Calyx shackletoni is a species of demosponge first found on the coast of South Georgia island , in the south west Southern Ocean .
Calochortus ciscoensis is a North American species of flowering plants in the lily family first described for modern science in 2008 .
Phalloptychus is a genus of poeciliids native to eastern and southern Brazil , northern Argentina , Paraguay and Uruguay .
Cleistochloa is a genus of grasses native to Australia and New Guinea .
Chondrina tatrica is a species of small air - breathing land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Chondrinidae .
Chytriomyces elegans is a species of fungus in the genus Chytriomyces .
Anisopodus andicola is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family that was described by Kirsch in 1889 .
Johora thaiana is a species of freshwater crab described from specimens found in Thailand , as the name was derived .
Attelabus auratus is a species of leaf and bud weevils belonging to the family Attelabidae .
Lepeophtheirus is a genus of sea lice .
Cargninia is an extinct genus of basal lepidosaur from the Late Triassic period .
Stenocoptoides ciliatus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Stenocoptoides .
Gilia sinuata is a species of flowering plant in the phlox family known by the common name rosy gilia .
Periclimenes pholeter , is a species of shrimp belonging to the family Palaemonidae .
A monotypic genus , it contains the single species Pseudopleospora ruthenica .
Galium aschenbornii is a species of flowering plant in the genus Galium , native to Mexico , Central America , Colombia and Ecuador .
Aphelia alleniana , the wide - striped leafroller , is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family .
Kazachstania exigua is a yeast species that commonly occurs in olive brine and in some kefir cultures .
Lawrencia is a plant genus in the family Malvaceae .
Baptornis ( `` diving bird '' ) is a genus of flightless aquatic birds from the Late Cretaceous , some 87 - 80 million years ago ( roughly mid - Coniacian to mid - Campanian faunal stages ) .
Anchitherium was a browsing ( leaf eating ) horse that originated in the early Miocene of North America and subsequently dispersed to Europe and Asia , where it gave rise to the larger bodied genus Sinohippus .
Lagophylla minor is a species of flowering plant in the sunflower family known by the common name lesser hareleaf .
Alectryon subcinereus , commonly named Native Quince , Wild Quince or Bird 's Eye , is a species of shrubs or small trees , constituting part of the plant family Sapindaceae .
Ficus fergusonii , is a species of plant in the fig genus , endemic to Sri Lanka .
Melathemma polita is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , the only species in the genus Melathemma .
The only known species of this genus is Urojana eborea , which is known from Ivory Coast .
Amphisbaena ridleyi , known by the common names Ridley 's worm lizard or the Noronha worm lizard , is a species of amphisbaenian in the genus Amphisbaena .
The annelids ( Annelida , from Latin anellus , `` little ring '' ) , also known as the ringed worms or segmented worms , are a large phylum , with over 17,000 extant species including ragworms , earthworms , and leeches .
Bacillus firmus is a species of bacteria within the genus Bacillus .
Polistes snelleni , the Japanese paper wasp , is a common social wasp species in central and northern Japan .
Obtortionidae is a family of sea snails , marine gastropod molluscs in the superfamily Cerithioidea , that is within the clade Cerithimorpha or in clade Sorbeoconcha .
Toxicodendron rydbergii the western poison ivy , is a species of Toxicodendron in the cashew family .
Chromolaena ivifolia called ivy - leaf false thoroughwort , or ivyleaf thoroughwort , is an American species of flowering shrub in the sunflower family .
Psiloceratidae is an extinct family of cephalopods belonging to the ammonite subclass .
The Mekong wagtail ( Motacilla samveasnae ) is a species of bird in the Motacillidae family .
Enkianthus perulatus ( dodan - tsutsuji ) is a species of flowering plant in the family Ericaceae , native to Japan .
Culex is a genus of mosquitoes , several species of which serve as vectors of one or more important diseases of birds , humans and other animals .
Callionymus cooperi , Cooper 's dragonet , is a species of dragonet found only around the Maldives where it occurs at depths of from 73 to 81 metres ( 240 to 266 ft ) .
Megacephala whelani is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae that was described by Sumlin in 1992 , and is native to Australia .
The Javan mossy tree frog ( Litoria javana ) is a species of frog in the Hylidae family .
Cheiracanthium gratum is a spider species found in Germany and Hungary .
The Bradyrhizobiaceae are a family of bacteria , with ten genera .
Arctostaphylos auriculata ( Mount Diablo Manzanita ) is an endangered species of Arctostaphylos endemic to California , and limited in geography to the area surrounding Mount Diablo , in Contra Costa County .
The superfamily Limacinoidea is a taxonomic group of small floating sea snails , pelagic marine opisthobranch gastropod mollusks .
Dalbergia nigra , commonly known as the Bahia rosewood , jacarandá da Bahia , Brazilian rosewood , Rio rosewood , jacarandá de Brasil , pianowood , caviuna , or obuina , is a species of legume in the Fabaceae family .
Radfordia palustris is a species of mite in the subgenus Hesperomyobia of the genus Radfordia .
The type species is Siamodon nimngami .
Cheirothyris is a genus of fossil brachiopod from the Upper Jurassic period .
Coralliozetus boehlkei , the Barcheek blenny , is a species of chaenopsid blenny found from the Gulf of California to Costa Rica , in the eastern central Pacific ocean .
Protomelas similis is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Malawi where it prefers shallow waters with plentiful vegetation .
Tetrastes is a genus of birds in the grouse subfamily .
Peronospora conglomerata is a biotrophic plant pathogen ( part of the downy mildew taxon ) which affects geranium species .
Planctoteuthis is a genus of chiroteuthid squid comprising five species , occurring worldwide in lower mesopelagic to bathypelagic depths in tropical to temperate waters .
Lessingia arachnoidea is a rare species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common name Crystal Springs lessingia .
The Telmatobiinae , water frogs , are a subfamily of frogs endemic to South America .
Pachycephala is a genus of birds native to Oceania and Southeast Asia .
The Dalceridae are a small family of moths with 84 known species mostly found in the Neotropical region with a few reaching the far south of the Nearctic region .
It contains the single species Dotha ctenuchoides , which is found in Sumatra .
The Sichuan leaf warbler ( Phylloscopus forresti ) is a species of leaf warbler found only in China .
Glyptostrobus pensilis , also known as Chinese swamp cypress , is the sole living species in the genus Glyptostrobus .
Haworthia venosa is a species of flowering plant in the genus Haworthia belonging to the family Xanthorrhoeaceae , native to Namibia and South Africa .
Zholsuchus is a genus of crocodyliform that may have been a goniopholidid mesoeucrocodylian , but is only known from scanty material ( a right premaxilla , one of the bones of the tip of the snout ) .
Hippichthys is a genus of pipefishes native to the Indian and Pacific Oceans and the landmasses around them .
Olallamys is a genus of Andean soft - furred spiny rat that range from Panama through Colombia and Venezuela to northern Ecuador .
Nasutitermes triodiae is a grass - eating species of snouted harvester termite that occurs in the Northern Territory of Australia .
Markiana is a genus of characins from tropical South America , with two recognized species :
Pachymerium tabacarui is a species of centipede in Geophilidae family that is endemic to Romania .
Archosauromorpha ( Greek for `` ruling lizard forms '' ) is an infraclass of diapsid reptiles that first appeared during the late Permian and became more common during the Triassic .
Chrysomyza anaglypha is a species of ulidiid or picture - winged fly in the genus Chrysomyza of the family Ulidiidae .
Sanicula crassicaulis is a species of flowering plant in the parsley family known by the common names Pacific blacksnakeroot and Pacific sanicle .
Takydromus tachydromoides ( Japanese grass lizard ) is a wall lizard species of the genus Takydromus .
Acanthacaris is a genus of deep - water lobsters .
Allopetrolisthes spinifrons is a species of porcelain crab .
Tetracarpaea has one species , Tetracarpaea tasmannica , an evergreen , bushy shrub from subalpine areas of Tasmania .
The japygids ( family Japygidae ) are a taxon of hexapods , of the order Diplura .
Fimbristylis is a genus of sedges .
Paris quadrifolia , the herb - paris or true lover 's knot , is a Eurasian species of the genus Paris in the family Melanthiaceae , although authorities formerly regarded it as part of the Liliaceae family .
Ambrosia monogyra ( singlewhorl burrobrush)is a North American species of plants in the sunflower family .
Recilia obongsanensis is a species of bug from the Cicadellidae family that is endemic to Korea .
Stagmatoptera reimoseri is a species of praying mantis in the genus Stagmatoptera .
The family Cranchiidae comprises the approximately 60 species of glass squid , also known as cockatoo squid , cranchiid , cranch squid , or bathyscaphoid squid .
It contains only one species , Eratophyes amasiella , which is found in Asia Minor , the Netherlands , Germany , Denmark and Sweden .
Stanleya viridiflora is a species of flowering plant in the mustard family known by the common names green princesplume and green - flowered prince 's plume .
Trichogypsia is a genus of calcareous sponges belonging to the family Grantiidae .
Rubus wisconsinensisis an uncommon North American species of flowering plant in the rose family .
Tritonia irrorata is a species of dendronotid nudibranch .
Tecticornia is a genus of succulent , salt tolerant plant largely endemic to Australia .
Bambusa longispiculata or Mahal bamboo is a species of clumping bamboo native to Bangladesh and Myanmar , but widely grown in many other countries including Australia .
Trichepectasis rufescens is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Trichepectasis .
Haemanthus is a Southern African genus of flowering plants in the family Amaryllidaceae , subfamily Amaryllidoideae .
The Big Mouth Cave salamander ( Gyrinophilus palleucus necturoides ) , a lungless salamander , is a subspecies of the Tennessee cave salamander ( Gyrinophilus palleucus ) .
Vilchesia valenciai is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , the only species in the genus Vilchesia .
Podistera is a genus of flowering plants in the carrot family .
Anatoma philippinica is a species of a minute sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Anatomidae .
The Arabian leopard ( Panthera pardus nimr ) is a leopard subspecies native to the Arabian Peninsula and classified as Critically Endangered by IUCN since 1996 .
Ribes marshallii is a North American species of currant known by the common names Hupa gooseberry and Marshall 's gooseberry .
Pleuroflammula is a genus of fungi in the Crepidotaceae family .
Rhyothemis graphiptera , known as the graphic flutterer or banded flutterer , is a species of dragonfly of the family Libellulidae .
Opisthencentrus dentipennis is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Opisthencentrus .
Macroperipatus insularis is a species of invertebrate in the Peripatidae family .
Centruroides exilicauda , the Baja California bark scorpion , is a species of bark scorpion found in Baja California .
Nabalus crepidineus ( formerly Prenanthes crepidinea ) , commonly called the nodding rattlesnakeroot , is a species of plant in the Asteraceae family occurring in the northern central United States .
Polypodiodes formosana ( 台湾水龙骨 ) is a species of ferns in the Polypodiaceae family endemic to Fujian and Taiwan .
Glyptothorax kurdistanicus is a species of sisorid catfish .
Condica aroana is a species of Noctuidae that occurs in Australia and Borneo .
Capitanopsis is a genus of plants in the Lamiaceae , first described in 1916 .
Amphipholis squamata , common names brooding snake star and dwarf brittle star , is a species of brittle star in the family Amphiuridae .
Thoburnia hamiltoni ( rustyside sucker ) is a species of ray - finned fish in the Catostomidae family .
Kallirhynchia is an extinct genus of brachiopod found in Jurassic strata in Europe , North Africa , the Middle East , India and Uzbekistan .
Palmatorappia solomonis , or Solomon Island palm frog , is a species of frog in the Ceratobatrachidae family .
Hypericum asplundii is a species of flowering plant in the family Hypericaceae .
Pseudochalcothea virens is a species of beetles belonging to the Scarabaeidae family , Cetoniinae subfamily .
Thomashuxleya is an extinct genus of notoungulate mammal , named after famous 19th - century biologist Thomas Huxley .
Cenchrus echinatus is a species of grass known by the common names southern sandbur , spiny sandbur , southern sandspur , and in Australia , Mossman River grass .
Acacia flexifolia , commonly known as bent - leaf wattle , is a shrub species that is endemic to eastern Australia .
Cibotium schiedei , common name Mexican tree fern , is a species of tree fern , of the genus Cibotium .
Ephedra przewalskii is a species of Ephedra that is native to Central Asia , Mongolia , Pakistan , and parts of China ( Gansu , Inner Mongolia , Ningxia , Qinghai , and Tibet ) .
Gamochaeta pensylvanica , called Pennsylvania cudweed or Pennsylvania everlasting , is a widespread species of flowering plant in the sunflower family .
Acragas carinatus is a species of jumping spider in the genus Acragas ( genus ) .
Hypselognathus is a genus of pipefishes endemic to Australia where they are only known from the southern coast .
Fusinus ocelliferus , common name the long - siphoned whelk , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fasciolariidae , the spindle snails , the tulip snails and their allies .
Platypleura sylvia is a species of cicada endemic to South Africa .
The Bicolored Trailing Ant , ( Monomorium floricola ) , is a species of ant of the subfamily Myrmicinae .
Ranunculus pedatifidus is a species of buttercup known by the common names surefoot buttercup , northern buttercup , and birdfoot buttercup .
Eryngium cuneifolium is a rare species of flowering plant in the carrot family known by the common names wedgeleaf eryngo , wedge - leaved button - snakeroot , and simply snakeroot .
Rubus alpinus is a New World species of brambles in the rose family .
Philothamnus semivariegatus , commonly known as the spotted bush snake , is a species of non - venomous colubrid snake , endemic to Africa .
Osteolepis ( ' bone scale ' ) is an extinct genus of lobe - finned fish from the Devonian period .
Maasella edwardsi is a species of soft coral in the family Paralcyoniidae .
The Rhyacophilidae are a family in the insect order of Trichoptera .
The Colima pygmy owl ( Glaucidium palmarum ) is a species of owl in the family Strigidae .
The Anaxyelidae are a wood wasp family within the Symphyta , containing only a single living species , Syntexis libocedrii , ( also called the cedar wood wasp or incense - cedar wood wasp ) , though the family has an extensive Mesozoic fossil record ; this species is thus a `` living fossil '' .
Neolaeops microphthalmus , the crosseyed flounder , is a deep water species of lefteye flounder found in the Indian and Western Pacific Oceans .
Neusticomys is a genus of semiaquatic South American rodents in the family Cricetidae .
Carabus galicianus is a species of beetle from Carabidae family that can be found in Spain and Portugal .
The family Neanuridae contains pudgy short - legged springtails of the order Poduromorpha .
Lachesilla bernardi is a species of Psocoptera from Lachesillidae family that can be found in Austria , Croatia , Cyprus , France , Greece , Hungary , Italy , Poland , Portugal , Romania , Spain , and Switzerland .
The WWF held a competition to name the butterfly , and the species was named after the winner Isobel Talks ( being named Pronophila isobelae ) .
Ansonia spinulifer , also known as spiny slender toad or Kina Balu stream toad , is a species of true toad in the family Bufonidae .
Ichthyapus keramanus is a species of snake eel native to the western Pacific Ocean where it is only known to occur around the Kerama Islands near Okinawa , Japan .
Echiniscus testudo ( also known as Turtle Water Bear ) is a species of tardigrade native to China , Greenland , and Mongolia as well as Europe , the Middle East and North Africa .
Euphorbia parishii is a species of euphorb known by the common name Parish 's sandmat .
There are two extinct species in the genus , Kuphus incrassatus and Kuphus fistula .
Cerastium brachypetalum , commonly called gray chickweed , grey mouse - ear or gray mouse - ear chickweed , is a spring blooming annual plant species .
Lacuna parva , common name the tiny lacuna , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Littorinidae , the winkles or periwinkles .
Actinella fausta is a species of land snail in the family Hygromiidae .
Dentarene sarcina , common name the spiny wheel shell , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Liotiidae .
Astragalus mulfordiae is a species of flowering plant in the legume family known by the common name Mulford 's milkvetch .
Morchellium argus , the red - flake ascidian , is a species of colonial sea squirt , a tunicate in the family Polyclinidae .
The Mexican woodnymph ( Thalurania ridgwayi ) is a species of hummingbird in the Trochilidae family and is endemic to western Mexico .
Euonymus japonicus ( evergreen spindle or Japanese spindle ) is a species of flowering plant in the family Celastraceae , native to Japan , Korea and China .
Disteira major , commonly known as the olive - headed sea snake or the greater sea snake , is a species of venomous sea snake in the family Elapidae .
Murexsul mariae is a species of medium - sized sea snail , a predatory marine gastropod mollusc in the Family Muricidae , the murex snails or rock snails .
Acropora lovelli is a species of acroporid coral found in the northern Indian Ocean , the central Indo - Pacific , Australia and the oceanic west Pacific Ocean .
The Tonkean black macaque or Tonkean macaque ( Macaca tonkeana ) is a species of primate in the family Cercopithecidae .
Daviesia leptophylla , commonly known as Narrow - leaf Bitter - pea , is a broom - like shrub species in the family Fabaceae .
Puntius snyderi ( common name : Snyder 's barb ) is a species of cyprinid fish endemic to Taiwan .
Octomeria concolor is a species of orchid endemic to Brazil ( Rio de Janeiro , Paraná ) .
Oligoryzomys magellanicus , also known as the Patagonian colilargo and the Magellanic pygmy rice rat , is a species of rodent in the genus Oligoryzomys of the family Cricetidae .
Coronilla minima is a species of flowering plant from the Fabaceae family that can be found in Eastern and Central Spain .
Septalites is a genus of cornulitid tubeworms .
Petitella georgiae , the false rummynose tetra , is a species of characin found in Amazon Basin in Brazil and Peru .
Catocala amica , the girlfriend underwing , is an Erebidae species .
Ulva clathrata is a species of seaweed in Ulvaceae family that can be found in such European countries as Azores , Belgium , Ireland , Netherlands , and the United Kingdom .
Drosera intricata is a scrambling or climbing perennial tuberous species in the carnivorous plant genus Drosera that is endemic to Western Australia .
Abutilon palmeri , with the common names Palmer 's Abutilon , Superstition Mallow , and Palmer 's Indian Mallow , ) is a species of Abutilon native the Southwestern United States and Northwestern Mexico .
Phyllostachys bambusoides , commonly called madake , giant timber bamboo or Japanese timber bamboo , is a bamboo species in the genus Phyllostachys .
Barreirosuchus is an extinct genus of trematochampsid notosuchian known from the Late Cretaceous of São Paulo State , southeastern Brazil .
Nepenthes ventricosa ( /nɨˈpɛnθiːz vɛntrɪˈkoʊzə/ ; from New Latin : ventricosus = having a swelling on one side ) is a tropical pitcher plant endemic to the Philippines , where it is a highland species , growing at an elevation of 1,000 - -2,000 metres ( 3,300 - -6,600 ft ) above sea level .
Aspidistra campanulata is a species of flowering plant .
Mordellistena cypria is a species of beetle in the family Mordellidae and in the Mordellistena genus .
Helice tridens is a species of crab which lives on mudflats around the coasts of Japan and the Korean Peninsula .
Gyrodactylus is a genus of ectoparasites .
Renea bourguignatiana is a species of land snail with an operculum , a terrestrial gastropod mollusk in the family Aciculidae .
Sidalcea glaucescens is a species of flowering plant in the mallow family known by the common name waxy checkerbloom .
Ophiocara is a genus of sleeper gobies native to tropical waters of the western Pacific Ocean and in fresh waters along the coast of Madagascar .
Entomocorus radiosus is a species of driftwood catfish endemic to Brazil where it is found in the Rio Paraguay in the pantanal region of Mato Grosso .
Phacelia cronquistiana , Cronquist 's phacelia , is a plant species native to Utah and Arizona , known only from Kane and Mohave Counties .
Argyrotaenia mariana , the gray - banded leafroller moth , is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family .
Rhaphiodon echinus is a species of flowering plant in the Lamiaceae family , endemic to eastern Brazil .
Inape biremis is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family which is endemic to Colombia where it can be found on Nevado del Tolima .
Megalaemyia costalis is a species of ulidiid or picture - winged fly in the genus Megalaemyia of the family Tephritidae .
Stevia plummerae , Plummer 's candyleaf , is a plant species known from Arizona , New Mexico , Chihuahua , Sonora and Durango It is an herb up to 80 cm tall , with white , pink or red flowers .
Hibbertia obtusifolia , commonly known as Hoary Guinea - flower , is a small shrub species that is native to south - eastern Australia .
Pelorocephalus ( meaning `` monstrous head '' in Greek ) is an extinct genus of chigutisaurid temnospondyls from Late Triassic of Argentina .
Setohyllisia setosa is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Setohyllisia .
Variraptor ( /ˈværɨræptər/ VARR - i - rap - tor ; `` Var thief '' ) is a genus of coelurosaurian theropod dinosaur from the Late Cretaceous of France .
Penicillium cartierense is a fungus species of the genus of Penicillium which is named after Cartierheide in the Netherlands where this species was first found .
It consists of only one species Palaeopsyche melanias , which is found in the wet tropics of Queensland .
Achnopogon is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family described as a genus in 1957 .
The Sunda forktail ( Enicurus velatus ) is a species of bird in the family Muscicapidae .
Carcharodon hubbelli is an extinct species of shark known from fossils found in the Pisco Formation in south - west Peru .
Vibrio campbellii is a Gram - negative , curved rod - shaped , marine bacterium closely related to its sister species , Vibrio harveyi .
Gonatodus is an extinct genus of palaeonisciform fish that lived during the Tournaisian stage of the Mississippian epoch .
Eriogonum maculatum is a species of wild buckwheat known by the common name spotted buckwheat .
Polyalthia hirtifolia is a species of plant in the family Annonaceae .
Jamesianthus is a genus of North American flowering plants in the daisy family .
Rubus prestonensis a rare North American species of brambles in the rose family .
Alopecosa solitaria is a wolf spider species in the genus Alopecosa found in Europe and Russia .
The genus Planigale are small carnivorous marsupials found in Australia and New Guinea .
Urena is a genus of plants which grow in various tropical and subtropical areas throughout the world .
Sepia papillata is a species of cuttlefish native to the southeastern Atlantic Ocean and southwestern Indian Ocean .
Acanthonautilus is an extinct genus in the nautilid family Solenochildae ( Aipocerataceae ) from the Upper Mississippian of North America and equivalent ( uL Carb ) strata in Europe , first described by Foord in 1896 .
Pomacea cumingi is a species of a freshwater snail , gastropod in the family Ampullariidae .
Senilia senilis is a species of edible saltwater clam , a marine bivalve mollusk in the family Arcidae , the ark shells .
Lomatium foeniculaceum is a species of flowering plant in the carrot family known by the common name desert biscuitroot .
Neolamprologus boulengeri is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Tanganyika where it is known from the Tanzanian coast in the northern part of the lake .
- Hyles tithymali cretica is regarded , according to authors , as a full species or as a hybrid from H. euphorbiae x H. tithymali .
The tribe Alberproseniini Martínez & Carcavallo , 1977 belongs to the subfamily Triatominae and only has one genus , Alberprosenia Martínez & Carcavallo , 1977 , with two species :
At this time , he named a species Omosaurus phillipsii based on a femur ( YM 498 ) , but also provisionally equated this species to Priodontognathus phillipsii , despite the two species being based on non - comparable material .
Pireneitega spasskyi is an araneomorph spider species found in Georgia and Azerbaijan .
Bambusa lako , known as Timor black bamboo , is a large species of bamboo originating from the island of Timor ; its black culms may reach 21 m ( 69 ft ) in height .
Gilia angelensis is a species of flowering plant in the phlox family known by the common name chaparral gilia .
Monachozela neoleuca is a moth of the Heliozelidae family , and the only species in the genus Monachozela .
Allodontichthys is a genus of splitfins endemic to Mexico where it is found in the central western states of Colima and Jalisco .
Soromonichthys stearleyi is a species of armored catfish endemic to Venezuela where it occurs in Soromoni Creek in Amazonas State .
Mixosaurus is an extinct genus of Middle Triassic ichthyosaur .
Hesperocallis is a genus of flowering plants that includes a single species , Hesperocallis undulata , known as the desert lily or ajo lily .
Podagrica malvae is a species of skeletonising leaf beetles belonging to the family Chrysomelidae , subfamily Galerucinae .
Paranthropus ( from Greek παρα , para `` beside '' ; άνθρωπος , ánthropos `` human '' ) is a genus of extinct hominins .
Melica argyrea is a species of grass in the Poaceae family that can be found in Argentina , Brazil ( Rio Grande do Sul ) , and Uruguay .
Pertusaria diluta is a species of fungi within the Pertusariaceae family , first found in inland rainforests of British Columbia .
Cypripedium calceolus is a lady's - slipper orchid , and the type species of the genus Cypripedium .
Acromantis oligoneura is a species of praying mantis described by Wilhelm de Haan in 1842 .
Polygonum engelmannii , common name Engelmann 's knotweed , is a North American species of plants in the buckwheat family .
Ptilocnemus lemur is a species of feather - legged bug in the family Reduviidae native to Australia .
Lygodesmia , called skeletonplant , is a genus of North American flowering plants in the dandelion tribe within the sunflower family .
Fusinus novaehollandiae is a species of large predatory sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Fasciolariidae , the spindle snails and tulip snails .
Poria weirii is a fungus species in the genus Poria .
Jumellea exilis is a species of flowering plant in the Orchidaceae family , endemic to the island of Réunion .
Eucrossus villicornis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , the only species in the genus Eucrossus .
Quilmesaurus is a genus of carnivorous theropod dinosaur from the Patagonian Upper Cretaceous ( Campanian stage ) of Argentina .
Hylaeochampsidae is an extinct family of basal eusuchian crocodylomorphs thought to be closely related to the order Crocodylia .
Choristodera is an order of semi - aquatic diapsid reptiles that ranged from the Middle Jurassic , or possibly Late Triassic , to at least the early Miocene .
Chrysomphalina chrysophylla is a species of mushroom with a north temperate distribution .
The Sri Lanka Short - horned shrub frog , ( Pseudophilautus singu ) is a species of frog in the Rhacophoridae family , endemic to Sri Lanka .
Agave geminiflora is a species of Agave endemic to the Mexican State of Nayarit .
Viola cuneata is a species of violet known by the common name wedgeleaf violet .
Cichorium is a genus of plants in the dandelion tribe within the sunflower family .
Stefania riveroi ( Spanish : Rana Stefania De Rivero ) is a species of frog in the family Hemiphractidae .
Neraudia melastomifolia , known as Maʻaloa in Hawaiian , is a species of flowering plant in the nettle family , Urticaceae , that is endemic to Hawaii .
Phlox diffusa is a species of phlox known by the common name spreading phlox .
Aedes sollicitans , the eastern saltmarsh mosquito ( also known as Ochlerotatus sollicitans ) , is a species of mosquito native to the eastern seaboard of the United States and Canada as well as the entire Gulf coast and is also present in the Bahamas and Greater Antilles .
Microrhodopina flavescens is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Microrhodopina .
Proscopiidae is a family of Neotropical stick grasshoppers or jumping sticks .
Ilex arnhemensis is the only species of Ilex ( Holly ) native to Australia .
Michel Dens ( 22 June 1911 , Roubaix -- 19 December 2000 , Paris ) was a French baritone , particularly associated with the French repertory , both opera and operetta .
Durward Lely ( 2 September 1852 -- 29 February 1944 ) was a Scottish opera singer and actor primarily known as the creator of five tenor roles in Gilbert and Sullivan 's comic operas , including Nanki - Poo in The Mikado .
