35 Arietis ( abbreviated 35 Ari ) is a binary star in the northern constellation of Aries .
Rakhi Sawant ( born Neeru Bheda on 25 November 1978 ) is an Indian politician , dancer , model , Hindi film and television actress & television talk show host , who has appeared in many Hindi and few Kannada , Marathi , Telugu and Tamil films .
Narabi ( Persian : نرابي‎ , also Romanized as Narābī ; also known as Narāb , Narāb Bālā , and Narāb - e Bālā ) is a village in Halil Rural District , in the Central District of Jiroft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Beyk ( Persian : بیک‎ , also Romanized as Bīk and Beyg ) is a village in Takmaran Rural District , Sarhad District , Shirvan County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
Wola Sosnowa ( ˈvɔla sɔsˈnɔva ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubraniec , within Włocławek County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Amur Oblast ( Russian : Аму́рская о́бласть , tr . Amurskaya oblast ; IPA : ( ɐˈmurskəjə ˈobləsʲtʲ ) ) is a federal subject of Russia ( an oblast ) , located on the banks of the Amur and Zeya Rivers in the Russian Far East .
Parchin Poshteh ( Persian : پرچين پشته‎ , also Romanized as Parchīn Poshteh ) is a village in Baladeh Rural District , Khorramabad District , Tonekabon County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Hull Paragon Interchange is an integrated rail and bus station in the city centre of Kingston upon Hull , England .
Krzepielów ( kʂɛˈpjɛluf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sława , within Wschowa County , Lubusz Voivodeship , in western Poland .
Harmony Presbyterian Church is a historic church on the north side of Highway 103 , approximately 8 miles ( 13 km ) north of Clarksville in Harmony , Arkansas .
Alcorn State University Historic District is a historic district on the campus of Alcorn State University in Lorman , Mississippi .
Ahirauli Baghel and Bahiari Bahgel Origin from Pipara Baghel Village is an Indian village located on the border of Bihar and Uttar Pradesh .
Rozvadov ( German Roßhaupt ) is a village and municipality ( obec ) in Tachov District in the Plzeň Region of the Czech Republic , on the border with Germany .
Nova Milanese is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Monza and Brianza in the Italian region Lombardy , located about 13 kilometres ( 8 mi ) north of Milan .
The CSU - associated Hanns Seidel Foundation ( German : Hanns - Seidel - Stiftung ) is a German party - associated foundation .
Born Confused is a 2002 young - adult novel by Tanuja Desai Hidier about an Indian - American girl growing up in New Jersey .
Ubaldesco Baldi ( 13 July 1944 -- 13 June 1991 ) was an Italian sport shooter who competed in the 1976 Summer Olympics , winning a bronze medal in the Mixed Trap event .
Patrol 03 is a French animated television series that aired in 1997 and was broadcast on Pop , a British TV channel owned and operated by CSC Media Group ( formerly Chart Show Channels ) , a company associated with the makers of The Chart Show , a television programme that had previously been on Channel 4 and ITV ,
WWF No Mercy is a professional wrestling video game released in 2000 on the Nintendo 64 console and published by THQ .
Camille Duvall , also known as `` The Golden Goddess '' , is a retired American female professional water skier .
